EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  those people have sort of cobbled together something that has to fight against the grain of everything, because there's no -- 

KEVIN SCOTT:  There's no infrastructure to support them.

JARON LANIER:  There's no infrastructure, so each one of them has had to invent their own infrastructure  by cobbling together little pieces from the different digital companies.  And that population interests me.  In a way I see them as the future.  Those are the people who don't have to worry about their jobs being taken by robots, unless I mean they could be, all we have to do is create some machine learning thing that steals all their data and makes a fake clarinet teacher, without paying them for their data, just stealing their value.  And that's what we've done in so many other areas.

So the future I would see is to, first of all, try to support, identify those groups and support them and also identify those communities that are trying to create new structures to help people cooperate in decentralized ways.  And here the blockchain community, not the get rich quick blockchain, but the other blockchain, the blockchain of people who are interested in new ways of cooperation that can be mediated by networks, those people could be really important and helpful.

I think we need to invent new structures.  The reason that we treat data as being worthless, even though the companies that collect the data become the most valuable ones in the world, is that there's no collective bargaining for people whose data is taken.  So in any other economic example, in order to have a productive economy you have to have some -- you have to invent some kind of structure so that people can cooperate and have it not be this Hobbesian race to the bottom where each person is against each other person.  If you believe more in capital than labor you call that a corporation or a legal partnership or something.  So these people are incentivized to cooperate instead of try to kill each other.  If you believe in labor over capital you call it the union.  And you call it collective bargaining.  But on the Internet the difference is academic. 

I was playing around with terms like Unorp and Corporion and they're terrible.  So we just came up with -- my research partner Glen Weyl and I came up with the term MID, actually my wife came up with that, mediator of individual data.  So you'd have something that's a way for people to band into a group so as to not have the value of their data descend to zero through interpersonal competition, but instead have a degree of local cooperation.

So we need to create those things.  And MIDs can serve another function here.  I'm talking fast, because I know we're almost out of time.  But, one of the things that's really terrible about what's happened in the world is we've been petitioning tech companies to become the arbiters