EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  going to be 10 years older. The people at the top of the age range will — well, they won't be visible anymore. The kids, they're going to be teenagers, but it's the same stuff. 70% of it is there today. 

You then get another 20% — no, actually, it's about 80% that's there today. You then get about another 15% that is pretty much predictable. It's on roadmaps. 
We knew back in 2006, 2007, that by 2017, we'd be looking at — we'd have 3G cellular telephony as standard and something called 4G would almost certainly be out there, but not universal by then. You know, I have no idea what the 4G standards were, but 3G was pretty much visible. Everything back then was running on GSM. 

The state of the phones we were using, again, it was fairly obvious that they would be connected devices and they'd be very smart, pocket computers. I missed the call on that by going for artificial reality goggles, shades of Google Glass, which as we know, kind of crashed in the market for social reasons rather than technological feasibility. It may eventually happen. 

There's always, though an element of a couple of percent which is, “Who ordered that?” You know, stuff that comes out of left field completely and is completely unpredicted. The CCD image sense that we have in all our cameras today was, I think developed in the 1980s, actually commercialized, and people realized that these things were literally cheap as chips. 

What are we going to do with them? Where are we going to put them? The idea that everybody would be carrying a decent quality camera around with them at all times, though, a video camera that could upload to the internet, that was not something most people were prepared to grapple with. 

And the idea that there'd be a crazy for “happy slapping,” whereby teenagers would find a random stranger and video one of their mates going up to them and beating the crap out of them and then put it on YouTube. Yeah, luckily, that was a short-lived craze. Most of the people who did it didn't realize they were basically preparing evidence for prosecution. (Laughter.) 

But it's a second-order consequence. As Frederik Pohl once said, “Anyone can predict the automobile, the difficult bit is predicting the traffic jam.”  

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  That was science fiction writer Charlie Stross.


KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and don’t forget to grab a copy of Charlie’s new book, Dead Lies Dreaming, it just came out in October and it is fantastic. 

As mentioned, I’m intrigued to learn about those first sparks of curiosity that lead our guests into their professional pursuits. There’s so many common threads