Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  Like, how should they be thinking about the urgency with which they are pursuing these new ideas? And like, how does that relate to how you thought about things in the PC era and the Internet era? 

BILL GATES: Yeah, so the industry starts really small where computers aren’t personal. And then through the microprocessor and bunch of companies, we get the personal computer, IBM, Apple. And Microsoft got to be very involved in the software. You know, even the BASIC interpreter on the Apple II, a very obscure fact, was something that I did for Apple. And that idea that, wow, this is a tool that, at least for editing documents, that you have to do all the writing, you know, that was pretty amazing. And then connecting those up over the Internet was amazing. And then moving the computation into the mobile phone was absolutely amazing. So once you get the PC, the Internet, the software industry and the mobile phone, the digital world is changing huge, huge parts of our activities. 

I was just in India seeing this – how they do payments digitally, even for government programs. It’s an amazing application of that world to help people who never would have bank accounts because the fees are just too high. It’s too complicated. And so, we continue to benefit from that foundation. 

I do view this, the beginning of computers that read and write, as every bit as profound as any one of those steps. And a little bit surprising because robotics has gone a little slower than I would have expected. And I don’t mean autonomous driving. I think that’s a special case that’s particularly hard because of the open-ended environment and the difficulty of safety and what safety bar people will bring to that. But even factories where you actually have huge control over the environment of what’s going on and you can make sure that no kids are running around anywhere near that factory. 

So a little bit people are saying, okay, these guys can over-predict, which that’s certainly correct. But here’s a case where we under-predicted that natural language and the computer’s ability to deal with that and how that affects white collar jobs, including sales, service, helping a doctor think through what to put in your health record, that I thought was many years off. 

And so, all the AI books, even when they talk about things that might get a lot more productive, will turn out to be wrong. And because we’re just at the start of this, you can almost call it a mania like the internet mania, but the internet mania, although it had its insanity and things that, I don’t know, sock puppets or things where you look back and say, what were we thinking, it was a very profound tool that now we take for granted. And even just for scientific discovery during the pandemic, the utility of the immediate sharing that took place there was just phenomenal. And so,