Béla Bartók Music High School (Bartók Béla Zeneművészeti Szakközépiskola) is situated in the Palace of Music (Zenepalota) in Bartók square Miskolc, Hungary.
It is a famous Music school named after the famous Hungarian composer Béla Bartók.
It was founded in 1966.
"The Barbarian" is the opening track on the eponymous debut album of British progressive rock band Emerson, Lake & Palmer, released in 1970.
 The song is instrumental, and it is the shortest song on the album (4:27).
 Although the composition of "The Barbarian" was attributed to the three band members, it is an arrangement for rock band of Béla Bartók’s 1911 piano piece "Allegro barbaro".
 Although the original piece is for piano only, the band arranged the song for organ, bass, and drums too.
 The music of the song is aggressive with a hard rock influence.
 Greg Lake used a fuzz box to give his bass a fuller, guitar-like sound.
 The band members didn't give credit to Bartók, thinking that the label would arrange the matter.
 Bartók's family sued ELP for copyright infringement, but eventually, the band gave the credit to Bartók too.
 The song was never included in a compilation album of the band until the album "The Essential Emerson, Lake & Palmer".
The Suite, Op. 14, Sz.
 62, BB 70 is a piece for solo piano written by Béla Bartók.
 It was written in February 1916, published in 1918, and debuted by the composer on April 21, 1919, in Budapest.
 The Suite is one of Bartók's most significant works for piano, only comparable with his 1926 Piano Sonata.
 Though much of Bartók's work makes frequent use of Eastern European folk music, this suite is one of the few pieces without melodies of folk origin.
 However, Romanian, Arabic, and North African rhythmic influences can still be found in some movements.
 Originally intending the suite to be a five-movement work, Bartók later decided against the idea and discarded the second movement, the "Andante", which was published only posthumously in the October 1955 issue of "Új Zenei Szemle" (New Musical Review).
The Palace of Music ("Zenepalota") is a building in Bartók square, Miskolc, Hungary.
 It is the building of the Béla Bartók Secondary School and the Béla Bartók Music Institute (a faculty of the University of Miskolc.)
 The Palace was designed by Gyula Waelder in Neo-baroque style and was built between 1926 and 1927.
 The construction was financed from USA loans, just like that of the Hotel Palace in Lillafüred and the Market Hall on Búza tér.
The Hungarian composer Béla Bartók wrote six string quartets, each for the usual forces of two violins, viola and cello.
 Notable composers who have been influenced by them include Benjamin Britten, particularly in the Sonata in C for Cello and Piano (; ), Elliott Carter, who refers in the opening of his own First String Quartet to Bartók’s Sixth Quartet , Chen Yi , Edison Denisov, whose Second Quartet is closely related to Bartók’s Fifth Quartet , Franco Donatoni, who was deeply impressed when he heard a broadcast of Bartók's Fourth Quartet , Robert Fripp, who mentions them as an influence upon King Crimson , Miloslav Ištvan , György Kurtág, whose Opp.
 1 and 28 both owe a great deal to Bartók's quartets (; ), György Ligeti, whose two string quartets both owe a great deal to Bartók’s quartets (; ), Bruno Maderna , George Perle, who credits the Bartók Fourth and Fifth Quartets as precedents for his use of arrays of chords related to one another by different types of symmetry , Walter Piston (; ), Kim Dzmitrïyevich Tsesakow , Wilfried Westerlinck , Stefan Wolpe, who explained in a public lecture how he had derived ideas from Bartók’s Fourth Quartet , and Xu Yongsan .
This aspires to be a complete list of compositions by Béla Bartók.
 The catalogue numbering by András Szőllősy (Sz.)
, László Somfai (BB.)
 and Denijs Dille (DD.)
 are provided, as well as Bartók's own opus numbers.
 Note that Bartók started three times anew with opus numbers, here indicated with "(list 1)", "(list 2)" and "(list 3)" respectively.
 The pieces from the third listing are by far best known; opus lists 1 and 2 are early works.
 The year of composition and instrumentation (including voice) are included.
 See the main article on Béla Bartók for more details.
The String Quartet No. 6, Sz.
 114, BB 119, was the final string quartet that Béla Bartók wrote before his death.
 It was begun in August 1939 in Saanen, Switzerland, where Bartók was a guest of his patron, the conductor Paul Sacher.
 Shortly after he completed the Divertimento for String Orchestra on the 17th, he started on a commission for his friend, the violinist Zoltán Székely.
 Székely was acting as intermediary for the "New Hungarian Quartet", who had given the Budapest premiere of the String Quartet No. 5.
 With the outbreak of World War II and his mother's illness, Bartók returned to Budapest, where the quartet was finished in November.
 After his mother's death, Bartók decided to leave with his family for the United States.
 Due to the difficulties of the war, communication between Bartók and Székely was difficult, and the quartet was not premiered until 20 January 1941, when the Kolisch Quartet, to whom the work is dedicated, gave its premiere at the Town Hall in New York City.
The Sonata for Solo Cello was written by the American avant-garde composer George Crumb in 1955.
 It is one of Crumb's earlier works and it is heavily influenced by the works of Paul Hindemith and Béla Bartók.
Balázs Kocsár is a Hungarian orchestral and operatic conductor.
 He was born in 1963 in Budapest.
 His father Miklós Kocsár is a composer awarded the Kossuth Prize.
 He studied composition at Béla Bartók Vocational School of Music (Bartók Béla Zeneművészeti Szakközépiskola).
 Then he entered the prestigious Franz Liszt Academy of Music to study choir conducting under István Párkai which was followed by studies in orchestral conducting under the guidance of Ervin Lukács.
 He graduated with distinction in 1991.
 His studies were continued at Universität für Musik und darstellende Kunst Wien under Professor Karl Österreicher.
 He also participated in master classes led by Helmuth Rilling, Jorma Panula, Moshe Atzmon and Péter Eötvös.
The Viola Concerto, Sz.
 120, BB 128 (also known as Concerto for Viola and Orchestra) was one of the last pieces written by Béla Bartók.
 He began composing his viola concerto while living in Saranac Lake, New York, in July 1945.
 The piece was commissioned by William Primrose, a respected violist who knew that Bartók could provide a challenging piece for him to perform.
 He said that Bartók should not "feel in any way proscribed by the apparent technical limitations of the instrument"; Bartók, though, was suffering from the terminal stages of leukemia when he began writing the viola concerto and left only sketches at the time of his death.
