Graham Mitchell is a television scriptwriter.
 He has written 27 episodes of "The Bill", as lead writer including the 2005 live episode.
 He has also written for the Casualty, Mersey Beat, Holby Blue, "Holby City", and The Body Farm (TV series).
 He has been part of the regular core writing team on awarding-winning Holby City since 2006, writing 19 episodes to date.
Stephen Moore (born 11 December 1937) is an English actor, known for his work on British television since the mid-1970s.
 He is known for his appearances in "Rock Follies" and other TV series such as "The Last Place on Earth", the children's series "The Queen's Nose" and the drama "Mersey Beat" and the British TV comedy series "Solo", as well as numerous appearances on stage at the Royal National Theatre, the Royal Shakespeare Company and London's West End.
The "Mersey Beat" is a former British weekly pop music newspaper.
 "Mersey Beat" was founded initially as a regional bi-weekley publication on 13 July 1961.
 In 1963 it began compiling a Top 20 chart based on around 10 stores and became a national paper.
 The charts and paper became weekly on 24 April 1964 and, following an investment in September 1964 by Brian Epstein, expanded the chart and sample size to become the first publication to announce a Top 100 on 3 December 1964.
 On 6 March 1965 the paper was rebranded "Music Echo" and by 16 April 1966 the chart was no longer published—on 23 April 1966 the newspaper was incorporated into "Disc" which became "Disc and Music Echo".
Mersey Beat was a music publication in Liverpool, England in the early 1960s.
 It was founded by Bill Harry, who was one of John Lennon's classmates at Liverpool Art College.
 The paper carried news about all the local Liverpool bands, and stars who came to town to perform.
The Atlanta College of Art (ACA) was a private four-year art college located in Atlanta, Georgia.
 Founded in 1905, it was the oldest art college in the Southeast until it was absorbed by Savannah College of Art and Design in 2006.
The Escorts were a Merseybeat band formed in October 1962 in Liverpool, England, by three classmates who had just left the Morrison School for Boys in Rose Lane, Allerton — Mike Gregory, Terry Sylvester and John Kinrade.
 In 1963, they were voted the ninth most popular group in Liverpool by readers of "Mersey Beat" magazine from a competitive field of several dozen popular Liverpool bands of the time.
Sharon Byatt (born in Liverpool), is a British actress who played Irenee in Carla Lane's Bread.
 She has also appeared in such programmes as Mersey Beat, Holby City, Springhill (TV series) and Dream Team.
Bill Harry (born 17 September 1938) is the creator of "Mersey Beat"; a newspaper of the early 1960s which focused on the Liverpool music scene.
 Harry had previously started various magazines and newspapers, such as "Biped" and "Premier", while at Liverpool's Junior School of Art.
 He later attended the Liverpool College of Art, where his fellow students included John Lennon and Stuart Sutcliffe, who both later performed with the Beatles.
 He published a magazine, "Jazz", in 1958, and worked as an assistant editor on the University of Liverpool's charity magazine, "Pantosphinx".
Francis Xavier Velarde (1897 – 28 December 1960) was an English architect who practiced in Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
 He was trained at the Liverpool School of Architecture from 1920, and from 1928 taught at the school.
 In 1957 he was awarded the OBE.
 His works are located mainly in Merseyside and Northwest England, and most of them were churches.
 He was influenced by architectural developments on the Continent, in particular by the German Dominikus Böhm.
 It is unlikely that he was at all influenced by his Chilean father who died when he was five years old, he was later destined for a career in the merchant navy but was conscripted from there into the RNVR a served I in the trenches to be gassed at Paschendale, thus inevitably shortening his life, on leaving the army he went to Liverpool art school where he was discovered by Charles Riley and given a place at Liverpool School of Architecture.
 GV.
Steven G. Farrell (born 1954 in Kenosha, Wisconsin) is the author of "Mersey Boys", a novel, play and screenplay.
 The three books were published in 2013 by Celtic-Badger Publishers.
 "Mersey Boys" is about an American art professor, Al Moran, moving to Liverpool, England in 1959, where he encounters a rebellious student by the name of John Lennon.
 Moran and Lennon clash in the classroom and over Ginny Browne, a beautiful but independent woman.
 Gradually Lennon, Moran and Browne merge into a friendship that leads to the forming of the Beatles.
 The filming of "Mersey Boys" was announced by La Muse Venale Theatre in 2013 and was to be filmed exclusively in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Staten Island by director M. Stefan Strozier.
 Strozier struggled to complete the work and 58 minutes of the "Unfinished Mersey Boys Film" was put up on YouTube in March 2016 in three parts.
