The Declaration of Montreal on Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Human Rights is a document adopted in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, on July 29, 2006, by the International Conference on LGBT Human Rights which formed part of the first World Outgames.
 The Declaration outlines a number of rights and freedoms pertaining to LGBT and intersex people that it is proposed be universally guaranteed.
 It encompasses all aspects of human rights, from the guarantee of fundamental freedoms to the prevention of discrimination against LGBT people in healthcare, education and immigration.
 The Declaration also addresses various issues that impinge on the global promotion of LGBT rights and intersex human rights.
 Intended as a starting point in listing the demands of the international LGBT movement, it will ultimately be submitted to the United Nations.
The Constitution of Cúcuta, also known as Constitution of the Gran Colombia and Constitution of 1821, was the founding document and constitution of the country of Gran Colombia, unifying the territories of the Viceroyalty of New Granada as part of a federation.
 It was signed during the Congress of Cúcuta on August 30, 1821.
The "Declaration and Address" was written by Thomas Campbell in 1809.
 It was first published in Washington, Pennsylvania in 1809.
 It was the founding document for the Christian Association of Washington, a short lived religious movement of the 19th century.
 The Christian Association ultimately led to what is now known as the Restoration Movement.
 In many ways, Thomas Campbell was before his time.
 He had an ecumenical spirit long before the ecumenical movement began.
 The "Declaration and Address" is a testimony to his appeal for Christian unity.
STATPHYS is an international conference on statistical physics of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics (IUPAP).
 The series of conferences take place every three years in a different continent to give the maximum international relevance and visibility to the event.
 It is the world event for the broad field of statistical physics and all its interdisciplinary developments.
 The first meeting was in Florence in 1948.
 After a pioneering period the periodicity of three years was established and the conference has acquired more and more importance.
 The participation has reached peaks up to 1500 participants in the recent years.
 Also on the occasion of this conference the prestigious Boltzmann medal is awarded.
 In addition several satellite meetings are usually held along with the main event, adding to the scientific value of the meeting.
 The upcoming 25th STATPHYS meeting will be held from July 22 to July 26, 2013 in Seoul, Korea .
The 1st World Outgames took place in Montreal, Quebec, Canada from July 26, 2006 to August 5, 2006.
 The international conference was held from July 26 to the 29.
 The sporting events were held from July 29 to August 5.
The Declaration of Independence of the Mexican Empire (Spanish: "Acta de Independencia del Imperio Mexicano" ), is the document by which the Mexican Empire declared independence from the Spanish Empire.
 This founding document of the Mexican nation was drafted in the National Palace in Mexico City on September 28, 1821, by Juan José Espinosa de los Monteros, secretary of the Provisional Governmental Board.
The ASEAN Declaration or Bangkok Declaration is the founding document of Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
 It was signed in Bangkok on 8 August 1967 by the five ASEAN founding members, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand as a display of solidarity against communist expansion in Vietnam and communist insurgency within their own borders.
 It states the basic principles of ASEAN: co-operation, amity, and non-interference.
 The date is now celebrated as ASEAN Day.
The Warsaw Declaration "Toward a Community of Democracies" is the founding document of the Community of Democracies.
 It was signed on June 27, 2000 at the building of the Polish Parliament by representatives of 106 democratic states attending the opening conference of the Community of Democracies.
The Prayer Book Society of Canada or PBS is an organization within the Anglican Church of Canada which "promotes the understanding and use of the Book of Common Prayer as a spiritual system of nurture for life in Christ".
 Founded in 1985, the PBS seeks to "ensure the retention of the doctrine and worship of the Book of Common Prayer as required by the Solemn Declaration of 1893, the founding document of the autonomous Anglican Church of Canada."
Best in the World '15 was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Ring of Honor that took place at Terminal 5 in New York City, New York on June 19, 2015.
 It was the sixth annual ROH Best in the World event, the first to take place on a Friday, and the second Best in the World event to be broadcast on traditional pay-per-view outlets.
