Diandra Tchatchouang (born June 14, 1991) is a French basketball player currently playing in the French League for CJM Bourges Basket.
 She has played the Euroleague with Basket Lattes, and in June 2012 she made her debut for the French national team.
 She is 1.87 meters tall and plays as a forward.
The France national football team (French: "Equipe de France" ) represents the nation of France in international association football.
 It is fielded by the French Football Federation (FFF) (French: "Fédération Française de Football" ) and competes as a member of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA).
 The team played its first official international match on 1 May 1904 against Belgium.
 Since its first competitive match, more than 800 players have made at least one international appearance for the team.
 Of them, 105 have served as captain of the national team.
 This list contains football players who have served as captain of the French national team and is listed according to their number of matches captained.
Yorick Treille (born July 15, 1980) is a professional French ice hockey forward currently with Brûleurs de Loups de Grenoble of the Ligue Magnus.
 Treille was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL) in 1999, but never played in the NHL.
 He went to university at the University of Massachusetts Lowell and has played for the Providence Bruins and Norfolk Admirals of the American Hockey League, as well as teams in Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.
 Treille played for the French national team at the 2008 IIHF World Championship, where he had 3 goals and 1 assist in 5 games.
 His brother, Sacha Treille, also plays for the French national team.
Grégory Lamboley (12 January 1982) is a French rugby union footballer, currently playing for Stade Toulousain in the Top 14, the top competition of rugby in France.
 Lamboley has also played for the French national team.
 His usual position is as a lock or a flanker.
 Prior to playing for Toulouse he played for Massy.
 He made his debut for the French national team in 2005 in a match against Scotland.
 He was educated at the Lycée Lakanal in Sceaux.
Franck Henry Pierre Ribéry (] ; born 7 April 1983) is a French professional footballer who plays for German club Bayern Munich.
 He is a former France national team player.
 He primarily plays as a winger, preferably on the left side although being right-footed, and is known for pace, energy, skill and precise passing.
 Ribéry is described as a player who is fast, tricky and an excellent dribbler, who has great control with the ball at his feet.
 Since joining Bayern, he has been recognised on the world stage as one of the best French players of his generation.
 The previous talisman of the French national team, Zinedine Zidane, has called Ribéry the "jewel of French football".
Gilles Dumas is the coach of the Toulouse Olympique rugby league club.
 He is a former French international player (1985–1993).
 He previously coached the French team of Saint Gaudens in Elite 1 and the French national team (1998–2004).
 he has also been the manager of the French national team more recently (2005–2008), in particular during their 2008 World Cup campaign.
Virimi Vakatawa (born 1 May 1992) is a Fijian born rugby union player who plays for Racing 92 in the Top 14 and the French national team.
 His position is wing and centre.
 He joined the French 7s team in 2014 and in January 2016, he was included in the French national team for the 2016 Six Nations Championship.
Corinne Diacre (born 4 August 1974) is a French professional football coach and former football defender.
 She played throughout her career for ASJ Soyaux in Division 1 as well as the French national team from 1993 to 2005.
 In August 2014, she became the first woman to coach a men's professional football team (Clermont Foot) in a competitive match in France.
 She is currently the head coach of the French women's national team.
The following is a list of French players in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 This list also includes players who were born outside France but have represented the French national team.
The Tahiti national football team is the French national team of French Polynesia and is controlled by the Fédération Tahitienne de Football.
 The team consists of a selection of players from French Polynesia, not just Tahiti, and has competed in the Oceania Football Confederation since 1990.
