Buck Rogers XXVC (sometimes written as Buck Rogers in the 25th Century) is a game setting created by TSR, Inc. in the late 1980s.
 Products based on this setting include novels, graphic novels, a role-playing game (RPG), board game, and video games.
 The setting was active from 1988 until 1995.
The World of Greyhawk Fantasy Game Setting and the World of Greyhawk Fantasy World Setting are two closely related publications from TSR, Inc. that detail the fictional "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy roleplaying game.
 Both publications were authored by Gary Gygax, and they were the first stand-alone offerings to provide detailed, comprehensive information regarding a "D&D" campaign setting.
Al-Qadim is an "Arabian Nights"-themed campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game.
 The setting was developed by Jeff Grubb for TSR, Inc., and was first released in 1992.
 Al-Qadim is set in the land of Zakhara, called the "Land of Fate".
 Thematically, the land of Zakhara is a blend of the historical Arabian Empire, the stories of legend, and a wealth of Hollywood cinematic history.
 Zakhara is a peninsula on the continent of Faerûn in the world of Toril, the locale of the Forgotten Realms campaign setting, although Al-Qadim is designed to stand on its own or be added to any existing campaign setting.
 The basic campaign setting was divided between two game products: "", a sourcebook describing character creation rules, equipment, and spells unique to the setting, and "Al-Qadim: Land of Fate", a boxed set describing the land of Zakhara, with separate sourcebooks for the players and the Dungeon Master.
Faerûn is a fictional subcontinent, the primary setting of the "Dungeons & Dragons" world of "Forgotten Realms".
 It is described in detail in the "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting" (2001) from Wizards of the Coast, and various locales and aspects are described in more depth in separate campaign setting books.
 Around a hundred novels and several computer and video games use the Faerûn setting.
Michael S. Dobson (born September 9, 1952 in Charlotte, North Carolina) is an American author in the fields of business (particularly office politics and project management), alternate history novels (relating to WWII) and role-playing game adventures ("D&D", "Indiana Jones", and "Buck Rogers XXVC").
Dark•Matter is a science fiction/conspiracy theory campaign setting that was originally published in 1999 by Wizards of the Coast as the second campaign setting for the "Alternity" role-playing game.
 It was written by Wolfgang Baur and Monte Cook.
 It was later converted to "d20 Modern" rules and published as a stand-alone book in 2006.
Masque of the Red Death is a campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, named after the Edgar Allan Poe short story of the same name.
 The setting was published after the release of the "Ravenloft" campaign setting in 1994 as "Masque of the Red Death and Other Tales", and is regarded as an add-on for that line.
 "Masque of the Red Death" has many of the same qualities as "Ravenloft", such as "power checks" and restricted magic, including limited planar travel.
 Unlike Ravenloft, the location of the adventures is "Gothic Earth", an 1890s version of Earth where fantasy creatures exist only in the shadows of civilization.
 Many notable real-life figures or 19th century literary characters are included for the players to interact with, including Van Helsing, Jack the Ripper and Dorian Gray.
Buck Rogers: Countdown to Doomsday is a role-playing video game released by Strategic Simulations in 1990 , set in the Buck Rogers XXVC game setting.
Star Drive (stylized as Star*Drive) is a science fiction campaign setting that was published in 1998 by TSR, Inc. for the "Alternity" role-playing game.
 "Alternity"'s first setting was detailed in the "Star Drive Campaign Setting" (1998).
A campaign setting is usually a fictional world which serves as a setting for a role-playing game or wargame campaign.
 A "campaign" is a series of individual adventures, and a "campaign setting" is the world in which such adventures and campaigns take place.
 Usually a campaign setting is designed for a specific game (such as the "Forgotten Realms" setting for "Dungeons & Dragons") or a specific genre of game (such as Medieval fantasy, or outer space/science fiction adventure).
 There are numerous campaign settings available both in print and online.
 In addition to published campaign settings available for purchase, many game masters create their own settings, often referred to as "homebrew" settings or worlds.
