The 2010 Northern Hemisphere summer heat waves included severe heat waves that impacted most of the United States, Kazakhstan, Mongolia, China, Hong Kong, North Africa and the European continent as a whole, along with parts of Canada, Russia, Indochina, South Korea and Japan during May, June, July, and August 2010.
 The first phase of the global heatwaves was caused by a moderate El Niño event, which lasted from June 2009 to May 2010.
 The first phase lasted only from April 2010 to June 2010, and caused only moderate above average temperatures in the areas affected.
 But it also set new record high temperatures for most of the area affected, in the Northern Hemisphere.
 The second phase (the main, and most devastating phase) was caused by a very strong La Niña event, which lasted from June 2010 to June 2011.
 According to meteorologists, the 2010–11 La Niña event was one of the strongest La Niña events ever observed.
 That same La Niña event also had devastating effects in the Eastern states of Australia.
 The second phase lasted from June 2010 to October 2010, caused severe heat waves, and multiple record-breaking temperatures.
 The heatwaves began on April 2010, when strong anticyclones began to develop, over most of the affected regions, in the Northern Hemisphere.
 The heatwaves ended in October 2010, when the powerful anticyclones over most of the affected areas dissipated.
March is the third month of the year in both the Julian and Gregorian calendars.
 It is the second month to have a length of 31 days.
 In the Northern Hemisphere, the meteorological beginning of spring occurs on the first day of March.
 The March equinox on the 20th or 21st marks the astronomical beginning of spring in the Northern Hemisphere and the beginning of autumn in the Southern Hemisphere, where September is the seasonal equivalent of the Northern Hemisphere's March.
Arenga is a genus of palms, native to Southeast Asia, southern China, New Guinea, and northern Australia.
 They are small to medium-sized palms, growing to 2–20 m tall, with pinnate leaves 2–12 m long.
 Arenga palms can grow in areas with little sunlight and relatively infertile soil.
Dryocosmus kuriphilus is a species of gall wasp known by the common names chestnut gall wasp, Oriental chestnut gall wasp, and Asian chestnut gall wasp.
 It is native to China and it is known in many other parts of the world, particularly the Northern Hemisphere, as an introduced species and an invasive horticultural pest.
 It attacks many species of chestnut (genus "Castanea"), including most cultivated varieties.
 It is considered the world's worst pest of chestnuts.
June is the sixth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars and the second month to have the length of 30 days. June contains the summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere, the day with the most daylight hours, and the winter solstice in the Southern Hemisphere, the day with the fewest daylight hours (excluding polar regions in both cases).
 June in the Northern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent to December in the Southern Hemisphere and vice versa.
 In the Northern hemisphere, the beginning of the traditional astronomical summer is 21 June (meteorological summer begins on 1 June).
 In the Southern hemisphere, meteorological winter begins on 1 June.
Temperate deciduous forests or temperate broad-leaf forests are dominated by trees that lose their leaves each year.
 They are found in areas with warm moist summers and mild winters.
 The three major areas of this forest type occur in the Northern Hemisphere: eastern North America, East Asia, and Europe.
 Smaller areas occur in Australasia and southern South America.
 Examples of typical trees in the Northern Hemisphere's deciduous forests include oak, maple, beech, and elm, while in the Southern Hemisphere, trees of the genus "Nothofagus" dominate this type of forest.
 The diversity of tree species is higher in regions where the winter is milder, and also in mountainous regions that provide an array of soil types and microclimates.
 The largest intact, temperate deciduous forest in the world is protected inside of the six-million-acre Adirondack Park in Upstate New York.
The American chestnut ("Castanea dentata") is a large, monoecious deciduous tree of the beech family native to eastern North America.
 Before the species was devastated by the chestnut blight, a fungal disease, it was one of the most important forest trees throughout its range, and was considered the finest chestnut tree in the world.
 It is estimated that between 3 and 4 billion American chestnut trees were destroyed in the first half of the 20th century by blight after its initial discovery in 1904.
 Very few mature specimens of the tree exist within its historical range, although many small shoots of the former live trees remain.
 There are hundreds of large (2 to 5 ft diameter) American chestnuts outside its historical range, some in areas where less virulent strains of the pathogen are more common, such as the 600 to 800 large trees in northern Lower Michigan.
In meteorology, Buys Ballot's law (] ) may be expressed as follows: In the Northern Hemisphere, if a person stands with his back to the wind, the atmospheric pressure is low to the left, high to the right.
 This is because wind travels counterclockwise around low pressure zones in the Northern Hemisphere.
 It is approximately true in the higher latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere, and is reversed in the Southern Hemisphere, but the angle between the pressure gradient force and wind is not a right angle in low latitudes.
The subtropical ridge, also known as the subtropical high or horse latitudes, is a significant belt of atmospheric high pressure situated around the latitudes of 30°N in the Northern Hemisphere and 30°S in the Southern Hemisphere.
 It is the product of the global air circulation cell known as the Hadley Cell.
 The subtropical ridge is characterized by mostly calm winds, which act to reduce air quality under its axis by causing fog overnight, and haze during daylight hours as a result of the stable atmosphere found near its location.
 The air descending from the upper troposphere flows out from its center at surface level toward the upper and lower latitudes of each hemisphere, creating both the trade winds and the westerlies.
 The subtropical ridge moves poleward during the summer, reaching its most northern latitude in early fall, before moving equatorward during the cold season.
 The El Niño southern climate oscillation (ENSO) can displace the northern hemisphere subtropical ridge, with La Niñas allowing for a more northerly axis for the ridge, while El Niños show flatter, more southerly ridges.
 The change of the ridge position during ENSO cycles changes the tracks of tropical cyclones that form around their equatorward and western peripheries.
 As the subtropical ridge varies in position and strength, it can enhance or depress monsoon regimes around their low-latitude periphery.
 The term "horse latitudes" refers to and is synonymous with the subtropical ridge or subtropical high.
The genus Aesculus ( or ), with varieties called buckeye and horse chestnut, comprises 13–19 species of flowering plants in the soapberry and lychee family Sapindaceae.
 They are trees and shrubs native to the temperate Northern Hemisphere, with six species native to North America and seven to 13 species native to Eurasia.
 Also, several hybrids occur.
 "Aesculus" exhibits a classical arcto-Tertiary distribution.
