Howard Devoto (born Howard Andrew Trafford 15 March 1952 in Scunthorpe) is an English singer-songwriter, who began his career as the frontman for the punk rock band Buzzcocks, but then left to form Magazine, one of the first post-punk bands.
 After Magazine, he went solo and later formed indie band Luxuria.
Toy Dolls are an English punk rock band formed in 1979.
 Departing from the angry lyrics and music often associated with punk rock, The Toy Dolls worked within the aesthetics of punk to express a sense of fun, with songs such as "Yul Brynner Was a Skinhead", "My Girlfriend's Dad's a Vicar" and "James Bond Lives Down Our Street".
 There is often alliteration in their song titles (e.g. "Peter Practice's Practice Place", "Fisticuffs in Frederick Street", "Neville Is a Nerd").
 They are probably best known however for their sole UK hit, a punk-rock cover of "Nellie the Elephant".
Spiral Scratch is an EP and the debut release by English punk rock band Buzzcocks.
 It was released on 29 January 1977, and was the first punk record to be self-released (that is, without the support of an existing record label).
 It is the third official record ever released by a British punk band (preceded by The Damned's "New Rose", the Sex Pistols' "Anarchy in the U.K." and two first singles by The Vibrators in November 1976).
 The EP is the only Buzzcocks studio release to feature original singer Howard Devoto, who left shortly after its release to form one of the first post-punk bands, Magazine.
Jerky Versions of the Dream is the only solo album recorded by Howard Devoto, the original singer of Buzzcocks and Magazine.
 It was his only studio album, which was released at the time with two singles, "Cold Imagination" and "Rainy Season", being a short-lived solo career for Devoto, who in 1986, went to form a band alongside guitarist Noko, which later was named Luxuria.
Slaughter & the Dogs are an English punk rock band that formed in 1975 in Wythenshawe, Manchester, England.
 They were one of the first UK punk bands to sign with a major label, Decca Records.
 Their original line-up consisted of Wayne Barrett (vocals), Mick Rossi (guitar), Brian "Mad Muffet" Grantham (drums) and Howard "Zip" Bates (bass).
Another Music in a Different Kitchen is the debut studio album by English punk rock band Buzzcocks.
 It was released in March 1978, through record label United Artists.
 This was the third line-up of Buzzcocks, with guitarist Pete Shelley singing following the departure of original vocalist Howard Devoto and then the firing of bassist Garth Smith (who had appeared on the "Orgasm Addict"/"Whatever Happened To...?"
 single).
 It includes the hit single "I Don't Mind", which reached number 55 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1978.
Chaos UK are an English punk rock band formed in 1979 in Portishead, near Bristol.
 They emerged as part of the anarcho-punk scene, developing a fast and aggressive hardcore punk style.
 The original line up of Simon Greenham on vocals, Andy on guitar, Chaos (aka "Lice") on bass and Potts on drums recorded two EP's and a full LP for Riot City Records.
 In the process they along with fellow Bristolians Disorder and Stoke's Discharge revolutionised the hardcore punk scene.
 In particular the Japanese 80's hardcore punk bands were heavily influenced by Chaos UK and Disorder's brutal take on punk.
 Chaos UK's debut LP was notable in the fact that the band's label claimed it was the "fastest, noisiest LP in the cosmos" in the short lived "Punk Lives" magazine; vocal duties on this recording were also handled by bassist Chaos.
Magazine were an English post-punk band active from 1977 to 1981, then again from 2009 to 2011.
 The band was formed by Howard Devoto after leaving punk band Buzzcocks in early 1977.
 Devoto had decided to create a more progressive and less "traditional" rock band.
Buzzcocks are an English punk rock band, formed in Bolton, England in 1976 by singer-songwriter-guitarist Pete Shelley and singer-songwriter Howard Devoto.
 They are regarded as an important influence on the Manchester music scene, the independent record label movement, punk rock, power pop, and indie rock.
 They achieved commercial success with singles that fused pop craftsmanship with rapid-fire punk energy.
 These singles were collected on "Singles Going Steady", described by critic Ned Raggett as a "punk masterpiece".
Stratford Mercenaries were an English punk rock band that was formed in late 1995 by Gary "Gazzer" Buckley from the punk band Dirt and Ed "Eddafed" Addley from the punk band Suicidal Supermarket Trolleys.
 The band was joined by Steve Ignorant from the punk rock band Crass and Phil Barker from the punk rock band the Buzzcocks in early 1996.
