Laurence Stephen Lowry {'1': ", '2': 'RBA RA', '3': ", '4': "} (1 November 1887 – 23 February 1976) was an English artist.
 Many of his drawings and paintings depict Pendlebury, Lancashire, where he lived and worked for more than 40 years, and also Salford and its surrounding areas.
Also sprach Zarathustra (Thus Spoke Zarathustra or Thus Spake Zarathustra) is the oil painting cycle by Lena Hades painted from 1995 to 1997 and inspired by Friedrich Nietzsche's philosophical novel of the same name.
 The painter created her first painting on December 1995 in Moscow.
 The "Thus Spake Zarathustra" cycle is a series of twenty-eight oil paintings made by the artist from 1995 to 1997 and thirty graphic works made in 2009.
 Twenty-four of the paintings depict so-called round-headed little men and their struggles in life.
 The remaining four depict Zarathustra himself, his eagle and serpent.
 Six paintings of the series were purchased by the Moscow Museum of Modern Art and by some important private collectors.
 The oil painting "Also Sprach Zarathustra" series was exhibited several times — including the exhibition at the Institute of Philosophy of the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1997 and at the First Moscow Biennale of contemporary art in 2005.
Leonardo's crossbow is a type of shooting weapon designed by Leonardo da Vinci, whose drawings are in the "Codex Atlanticus".
 Never constructed by its designer, it was instead built to a scale of 1:1, as shown in the ITN documentary "Leonardo's Dream Machines", which was aired for the first time in February 2003 by Channel 4.
 The original idea of Leonardo, as described in the drawings of the "Atlantic Codex" (1488–1489), was to build a giant crossbow in order to increase the range of the dart.
 It was used to fire rocks and bombs, it was mostly intimidation based.
The Lowry Hotel is located by the River Irwell in Salford, Greater Manchester, England.
 The five star hotel is named after the artist L. S. Lowry, and although is within the boundaries of the City of Salford, it is promoted as "The Lowry Hotel, Manchester".
 When the hotel first opened Marco Pierre White was the overseeing chef of "The River Room Restaurant".
Cuthy Mede is a Malawian artist.
 Lonely Planet said "possibly the best-known [Malawian] artist is Cuthy Mede – he is also actively involved in the development and promotion of Malawian art within the country and around the world."
 Cuthy Mede grew up on Likoma Island, Lake Malawi where he drew in the rough sands of the beach as a child.
 Later he studied Fine Art in Chancellor College and became a lecturer at the College in the 1970s.
 By the 1980s Mede established Gallerie Africaine in Lilongwe City Centre, the first art gallery by a local artist in Malawi.
 Mede exhibited his work widely in Malawi, becoming a successful artist selling his work to international collectors.
 Mede encouraged the work of young Malawian artists struggling to make a living selling folk art and wood carvings as street traders.
 He also brought fine art work from other Malawian artists into his Gallery.
 He was commissioned to paint a large mural decorating the City Centre.
 Mede is best known for his modern art styles: modern, futurist, cubist and pointillist, with strong local themes.
 His paintings depicted local people, historic events and current events in Malawi, Biblical references with local interpretations, indigenous religious expressions, and paintings about ideas such as Justice, Greed, Man and Machine.
 His paintings depict famine, refugees from Mozambique during the Civil War, voting and democracy, wedding celebration, spirits and possession, and the Nyau masquerade.
 Mede's less known work is realistic, including a reproduction of the Mona Lisa.
 His best known work is dominated by bright primary colors, cubist style, though his pointillist work favors ochres and softer tones in the overall effect.
 In later years Mede painted mostly in shades of blue, then white on white, the purest light.
 Mede is an evangelical Christian and his work begins with a point of light from which the rest of the painting flows, the energy from God.
 This point of light is evident in most of his paintings as a single dot, a sun or moon, or an orb.
 Best known for his paintings, Mede also produced sculptural forms such as wood figures covered in beads and pigments.
 His garden in Lilongwe was made into a work of art, in white and light, with fluorescent light tubes hanging from trees and white painted rocks lining the drive and entry.
 Mede's wife, Esther (deceased 2009), served as Principal Secretary for the Ministry of Research and Environmental Affairs in the Malawi government.
Faust is a series of approximately 100 paintings created between 1976 and 1979 by Nabil Kanso.
 The paintings depict figural compositions in a sequence of scenes whose subjects are loosely based on Goethe’s Faust Part One and Part Two.
 In dealing with the human drama, the paintings in the series embody imagery reflecting various aspects of the entanglement of the relationship between three primary figures that may visually represent Faust, the old scholar who pledges his soul to the devil in exchange for youth and love, Mephistopheles, the Devil’s representative who provides Faust with his needs, and Margaret (Gretchen), the young woman who is "seduced and made unhappy by the evildoer."
David Lawrence Carpanini (born 1946) is a British artist, etcher, teacher and printmaker whose drawings, paintings and etchings are mostly concerned with the natural and industrial landscapes of South Wales.
 He was President of the Royal Society of Painter-Printmakers (1995-2003) and was Professor of Art at the University of Wolverhampton (1992-2000).
Leopard Spotted Horses appear in Paleolithic cave paintings.
 These paintings depict white, spotted horses and experts cannot agree if they depict real or imagined animals.
 The difference is of importance as it would reveal tendencies to either realism or creativity in early human art.
 Studies of DNA in horse fossils of similar date to the paintings show the presence of the Leopard complex gene, which could result in the coat patterns shown in the caves.
"The Great Red Dragon" Paintings are a series of watercolour paintings by the English poet and painter William Blake, painted between 1805 and 1810.
 It was during this period that Blake was commissioned to create over a hundred paintings intended to illustrate books of the Bible.
 These paintings depict 'The Great Red Dragon' in various scenes from the Book of Revelation.
The Kondoa Irangi Rock Paintings are a series of caves carved into the side of a hill looking out over the steppe.
 They are located approximately nine kilometres east of the main highway (T5) from Dodoma to Babati, about 20 km north of Kondoa town, in Kondoa District of Dodoma Region, Tanzania.
 The caves contain paintings, some of which are believed by the Tanzania Antiquities Department to date back more than 50,000 years.
 The exact number of rock art sites in the Kondoa area is currently uncertain, however, estimates are of between 150 and 450 of the decorated rock shelters.
 The paintings depict elongated people, animals, and hunting scenes.
 Tourists are asked to report to the Antiquities Department office on the highway at the village of Kolo and ask for the cave paintings guide.
