Charles "Chas" Betts (born March 8, 1986) is an American professional wrestler who is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Chad Gable.
 He was a part of the tag team American Alpha, along with Jason Jordan, where they are the former SmackDown Tag Team Champions.
The 2007 World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) draft lottery took place at the Wachovia Arena in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania on June 11, 2007.
 The first half of the draft was televised live for three hours on World Wrestling Entertainment's flagship program, "Raw" on USA Network.
 The second half of the draft, or the "supplemental draft", was conducted over WWE's website, WWE.com, for four hours on June 17, 2007 as draft picks were announced at twenty-minute intervals.
 There were twenty-three draft picks, with twenty-seven wrestlers drafted overall, between the promotion's three brands: Raw, SmackDown!
, and ECW.
 For the televised half of the draft, each brand's draft pick was determined by nine matches, one being a battle royal for two draft picks, where wrestlers from their respective brands wrestled to earn a draft pick.
 The supplemental draft, however, was conducted randomly, with each brand receiving random draft selections.
 Raw and SmackDown!
 received five random draft picks, while ECW received three random draft picks.
 The televised draft picks were randomly selected by a computer that was shown on the Raw titantron.
 Every WWE wrestler from Raw, SmackDown!
, and ECW was eligible to be drafted.
The WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship created and promoted by the American professional wrestling promotion WWE on the SmackDown brand.
 It is one of two tag team championships for WWE's main roster, along with the Raw Tag Team Championship on the Raw brand.
 The current champions are The New Day (Big E, Kofi Kingston, and Xavier Woods), who are in their record tying second reign, both as a team and individually.
Austin Watson (born September 4, 1986) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Xavier Woods.
 He is part of The New Day, along with Big E and Kofi Kingston, where they are the current SmackDown Tag Team Champions in their second reign.
 They are also former two-time Raw Tag Team Champions, with their second reign being the longest tag team title reign in WWE history.
The WWE Raw Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship contested in WWE on the Raw brand.
 Introduced in 2002 as the WWE Tag Team Championship, it was WWE's third world tag team title, and seventh tag team title overall.
 After WWE bought the promotions of Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and unified the WCW Tag Team Championship into its own title at Survivor Series 2001, it split its roster into two brands, Raw and SmackDown, in a brand extension.
 As a result of this, WWE's original World Tag Team Championship was designated exclusive to the Raw brand, leaving SmackDown without a tag team championship.
 Soon afterward, the WWE Tag Team Championship was introduced onto the SmackDown brand.
The WWE Raw Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship created and promoted by the American professional wrestling promotion WWE on the Raw brand.
 It is one of two tag team championships for WWE's main roster, along with the SmackDown Tag Team Championship on the SmackDown brand.
 The current champions are Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins, who are in their first reign as a team.
 Individually, this is the first reign for Dean Ambrose, and the second reign for Seth Rollins.
Eric Alexander Pérez (born December 18, 1979) is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler who currently performs under the ring name "Escobar".
 In 2005, Pérez signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where he worked for developmental territories Deep South Wrestling and Florida Championship Wrestling, winning the tag team championship in both and the FCW Florida Heavyweight Championship.
 In the fall of 2009, he was promoted to WWE's main roster as "Eric Escobar", appearing on the SmackDown brand.
 On January 17, 2010, he was released from his WWE contract.
 Pérez subsequently returned to Puerto Rico, performing in the IWA and Puerto Rico Wrestling Association, winning the heavyweight titles of both promotions.
The 2008 World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) draft took place at the AT&T Center in San Antonio, Texas on June 23, 2008.
 The draft took place live for three hours on "Raw."
 Every WWE employee, diva, announcer, commentator and general manager were eligible to be drafted.
 Similar to the 2007 WWE Draft, wrestlers from each brand competed in matches to win a random draft pick for their brand.
 Draft picks were kayfabe selected at random via a computer that was shown on the "Raw" titantron.
 Like the previous year, a supplemental draft took place on June 25, where draft selections were randomly conducted.
 The Draft featured the Raw brand randomly drafting ECW Champion Kane from the "ECW" brand.
 It also featured the ECW brand drafting WWE United States Champion Matt Hardy from the "SmackDown" brand.
 The final selection in the draft was conducted by the SmackDown brand, and they drafted WWE Champion Triple H from the "Raw" brand.
 As per pre-Draft stipulations, all the three champions brought their respective titles to the brand to which they were drafted.
Ettore Ewen (born March 1, 1986) is an American professional wrestler and former powerlifter and American football player.
 He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Big E and is one third of The New Day alongside Kofi Kingston and Xavier Woods, where they are the SmackDown Tag Team Championship holders into their second reign.
Rated-RKO was a professional wrestling tag team on World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) based on the Raw brand.
 The team consisted of Edge, Randy Orton, and Lita, their valet.
 The name "Rated-RKO" contains part of Edge's nickname, "The Rated R Superstar", and Orton's initials/finishing maneuver, RKO.
