Spettekaka or spettkaka ("spiddekaga" in native Scanian) is a local dessert of the southern parts of Sweden, chiefly in the province of Scania (Skåne) but also in Halland.
 It is an important part of the Scanian culinary heritage.
 The name means "cake on a spit", and this describes the method of preparation: it is the Swedish variation on the spit cake.
Jiangyin dialect (江阴话) is a Northern Wu Chinese dialect spoken in the city of Jiangyin in Jiangsu province.
 Jiangyin dialect is a member of the Wu Chinese Taihu Wu family of dialects, which means the inhabitants speak a dialect similar to that of nearby Wuxi, Changzhou, Suzhou, and Shanghai.
 Jiangyin dialect itself is of the Piling variety, related to the Changzhou dialect.
 Jiangyin dialect has the highest degree of mutual intelligibility with the dialects of the closest neighboring cities of Changzhou and Wuxi but also has a fairly large degree of mutual intelligibility with the dialects of nearby Suzhou and Shanghai.
 As one travels south towards Wuxi away from the urban center of Jiangyin, Jiangyin dialect gradually becomes more and more closer sounding to the Wuxi dialect.
The Irpinian dialect, or Irpino, is the dialect spoken in almost all of the comuni in the Province of Avellino in the Italian region of Campania.
 It is a variant of the Neapolitan language but does however differ from pure neapolitan in certain phrases, pronunciation and the use of definite articles.
 The dialect however is heavily influenced by its geographical neighbours.
 For example in the northern area of Avellino, there are some undertones of the accent from Benevento.
 The dialect spoken in Ariano Irpino or the other towns close to the border with Apulia also has a distinct pugliese tone.
The Mikawa dialect (三河弁 , Mikawa-ben ) is a Japanese dialect spoken in eastern half of Aichi Prefecture, former Mikawa Province.
 It is subdivided into western variety centered Okazaki and eastern variety centered Toyohashi.
 The Mikawa dialect is classified into the Gifu-Aichi group of the Tokai-Tosan dialect with the Nagoya dialect spoken in western half of Aichi Prefecture, however the Mikawa dialect also closes to dialects spoken in western Shizuoka Prefecture and southern Nagano Prefecture.
Pahang Malay (Standard Malay: "Bahasa Melayu Pahang"; Jawi: بهاس ملايو ڤهڠ) is a dialect of Malay language spoken in the Malaysian state of Pahang.
 It is regarded as the dominant Malay dialect spoken along the vast riverine systems of Pahang, but co-exists with other Malay dialects traditionally spoken in the state.
 Along the coastline of Pahang, Terengganu Malay is spoken in a narrow strip of sometimes discontiguous fishermen villages and towns.
 Another dialect spoken in Tioman island is a distinct Malay variant and most closely related to Riau Archipelago Malay subdialect spoken in Natuna and Anambas islands in the South China Sea, together forming a dialect continuum between the Bornean Malay with the Mainland Peninsular/Sumatran Malay.
Old Guangde dialect is a Northern Wu dialect spoken in southeastern Anhui province in southeastern Guangde county, it is now losing ground to New Guangde dialect, a Jianghuai Mandarin dialect.
 It is closely related to Shanghainese and Suzhou dialect, but its closest relative is Huzhou dialect.
 It is a Northern Wu dialect exclave surrounded by speakers of Jianghuai Mandarin and Xuanzhou Wu.
The Nagoya dialect (名古屋弁 , Nagoya-ben ) is a Japanese dialect spoken in Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture.
 In a wide sense, Nagoya dialect means the dialect in the western half of the prefecture (formerly part of Owari Province), and in that case, it is also called Owari dialect (尾張弁 "Owari-ben").
 The dialect spoken in the eastern half of the prefecture (formerly part of Mikawa Province) is different from Nagoya dialect and called Mikawa dialect (三河弁 "Mikawa-ben").
Upper Saxon (German: "Obersächsisch" ) is an East Central German dialect spoken in much of the modern German State of Saxony and in the adjacent parts of Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia.
 Though colloquially called "Saxon" ("Sächsisch" ), it is not to be confused with the Low Saxon dialect group in Northern Germany.
 Upper Saxon is closely linked to the Thuringian dialect spoken in the adjacent areas to the west.
Baghdad Jewish Arabic is the Arabic dialect spoken by the Jews of Baghdad and other towns of Southern Iraq.
 This dialect differs from the dialect spoken by the Jews in Northern Iraq, such as Mosul and 'Ana.
 The Baghdadi and Northern dialects may be regarded as subvarieties of Judeo-Iraqi Arabic.
 As with most Judeo-Arab communities, there are likely to be few, if any, speakers of the Judeo-Iraqi Arabic dialects who still reside within Iraq.
 Rather these dialects have been maintained or are facing critical endangerment within respective Judeo-Iraqi diasporas, namely those of Israel and the United States.
 In 2014, the film "Farewell Baghdad" (Arabic: مطير الحمام; Hebrew: מפריח היונים, lit.
 "The Dove Flyer"), which is performed mostly in Jewish Baghdadi Arabic dialect, became the first film to be almost completely performed in Judeo-Iraqi Arabic.
Hakata dialect (博多弁 , Hakata-ben ) is a Japanese dialect spoken in Fukuoka city.
 Hakata dialect originated in Hakata commercial district, while a related Fukuoka dialect (福岡弁 , Fukuoka-ben ) was spoken in the central district.
 Hakata dialect has spread throughout the city and its suburbs.
 Most of Japanese regard Hakata dialect as the dialect typical of Fukuoka, so it is sometimes called "Fukuoka-ben".
