Laurie Davidson is an English actor known for playing a fictionalized version of a young William Shakespeare in TNT's "Will".
 He is a 2016 graduate of the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA).
Charles Ogier de Batz de Castelmore, Comte d'Artagnan (] ) ( 1611 – 25 June 1673) served Louis XIV as captain of the Musketeers of the Guard and died at the Siege of Maastricht in the Franco-Dutch War.
 A fictionalized account of his life by Gatien de Courtilz de Sandras formed the basis for the d'Artagnan Romances of Alexandre Dumas, most famously including "The Three Musketeers" (1844).
 The heavily fictionalized version of d'Artagnan featured in Dumas' works and their subsequent screen adaptations is now far more widely known than the real historical figure.
The Year of Living Dangerously is a 1978 novel by Christopher Koch in which a male Australian journalist, a female British diplomat, and a Chinese-Australian male dwarf interact in Indonesia in the summer and autumn of 1965.
 Set primarily in the Indonesian capital city of Jakarta, it also describes a partly fictionalized version of the events leading up to the coup attempt by the Communist Party of Indonesia on September 30, 1965.
Jennifer Hall (born October 20, 1977) is an American actress most known for starring as a fictionalized version of herself on the HBO series "Unscripted" and playing Missy on the NBC sitcom "Up All Night".
Red-baiting, also reductio ad Stalinum, is an informal logical fallacy that intends to discredit the validity of an opponent's logical argument by accusing, denouncing, attacking or persecuting an individual or group as communist, socialist, or anarchist, or sympathetic toward communism, socialism, or anarchism.
 In the United States the term "red-baiting" dates from at least 1927.
 In 1928, black-listing by the Daughters of the American Revolution was characterized as a "red-baiting relic".
 It is a term commonly used in the United States, and in United States history, red-baiting is most often associated with McCarthyism, which originated in the two historic Red Scare periods of the 1920s (First Red Scare) and 1950s (Second Red Scare).
 In the 21st century, red-baiting does not have quite the same effect it previously did due to the fall of Soviet-style Communism, but some pundits have argued that notable events in current American politics indicate a resurgence of red-baiting consistent with the 1950s.
American singer and occasional actress Lana Del Rey has appeared in three films as an actress, eighteen television shows, and three commercials, along with offering her talents to five films as singer.
 Del Rey's first appearance was in the independent film "Poolside" (2010), which features Del Rey playing Lisa, a rich girl who spends her days smoking cigarettes by the pool.
 She received top billing for the project.
 Del Rey's next appearance was in a less-than-one-minute long short art film titled "Lana Del Rey" which was produced by Interview magazine and features noir-ish style and cinematic themes.
 Del Rey's breakout appearance was in an Anthony Mandler directed film, which Del Rey wrote, titled "Tropico" (2013).
 The film features Del Rey as a fictionalized version of Eve while also playing the Virgin Mary.
 "Tropico" received positive reviews and was Del Rey's second film that gave her top billing.
 Along with appearing in a handful of short films, Del Rey has appeared in 18 television shows and specials as herself along with appearing in campaign commercials for companies including Keds and H&M.
The lavender scare refers to a witch hunt and the mass firings of gay people in the 1950s from the United States government.
 It paralleled the anti-communist campaign known as McCarthyism and the Second Red Scare.
 Gay men and lesbians were said to be security risks and communist sympathizers, which led to the call to remove them from state employment.
To Kill a Priest is a 1988 drama film directed by Agnieszka Holland.
 The film tells a story based on the murder, under the Polish communist regime, of priest Jerzy Popiełuszko.
 It stars Christopher Lambert as a fictionalized version of Popiełuszko and Ed Harris as the secret police captain set to assassinate him.
Curb Your Enthusiasm is an American comedy television series produced and broadcast by HBO that premiered on October 15, 2000.
 The series was created by Larry David, who stars as a fictionalized version of himself.
 The series follows Larry in his life as a semi-retired television writer and producer in Los Angeles and later New York City.
 Also starring are Cheryl Hines as his wife, Cheryl; Jeff Garlin as his manager, Jeff; and Susie Essman as Jeff's wife, Susie.
 "Curb Your Enthusiasm" often features guest stars, and many of these appearances are by celebrities playing versions of themselves fictionalized to varying degrees.
Annie Get Your Gun is a musical with lyrics and music by Irving Berlin and a book by Dorothy Fields and her brother Herbert Fields.
 The story is a fictionalized version of the life of Annie Oakley (1860–1926), a sharpshooter who starred in Buffalo Bill's Wild West, and her romance with sharpshooter Frank E. Butler (1847–1926).
