The "Rockman Zero" series, known as the "Mega Man Zero" series outside Japan, is a series of four video games for the Game Boy Advance set in Capcom's "Mega Man" video game franchise.
 The music of the series consists of the soundtracks to the four games, as well as the released albums associated with them.
 The music to "Mega Man Zero", the first game, was composed by Ippo Yamada with one track by Setsuo Yamamoto; the music of "Mega Man Zero 2" was composed by Yamada, Masaki Suzuki, Luna Umegaki, Chicken Mob, and Tsutomu Kurihara; the soundtrack of "Mega Man Zero 3" was composed by Yamada, Suzuki, Kurihara, and Umegaki; and "Mega Man Zero 4"' s music was composed by Yamada, Suzuki, Umegaki, and Shinichi Itakura.
JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai (English: "Life of a friend called JK") is a 2015 Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Cheran, which was simultaneously made and later released in Telugu as Rajadhi Raja.
 It stars Sharwanand and Nithya Menen in the lead roles while Prakash Raj and Santhanam play supporting roles.
 The film featured songs by G. V. Prakash Kumar and film scored by Siddharth Vipin.
 After failing to have a theatrical release in late 2013, the Tamil version of the film had a direct-to-video release in March 2015, becoming the first venture in a new initiative launched by Cheran known as C2H.
 The Telugu version of the film had been indefinitely placed on hold, but was later released in June 2016, with the makers trying to profit from Sharwanand's popularity.
Interstellar: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2014 film "Interstellar" directed by Christopher Nolan.
 The film score is composed by Hans Zimmer who previously scored Nolan's "Batman" film trilogy and "Inception".
 The soundtrack garnered critical acclaim.
 Prior to its digital release, it was nominated for an Academy Award and Original Score at the Hollywood Music in Media Awards.
 The soundtrack was released on November 17, 2014 via the WaterTower label.
Robert Joseph Kral (born 5 July 1967 in Medindie, South Australia) is an Australian film and television composer.
 He scored the TV series, "Angel" (the spin-off of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"), for most of the entire series (1999–2004, Seasons 1 through 5).
 In February 2005, a soundtrack album, "", was released, with 18 out of 25 tracks composed by Kral.
 He also composed the scores for the TV series "Miracles" (2003) for ABC / Touchstone, "Jake 2.0" (2003–04), "Duck Dodgers" (2003–05) for Warner Bros.
 Animation, "The Inside" (2005) for Fox Television, and the Lionsgate / Sci Fi series, "The Lost Room" (2006).
 His animated film scores include "" (2007), "" (2009), "Scooby-Doo!
 Legend of the Phantosaur" (2011) and "Superman vs. The Elite" (2012).
 He scored the animated TV series, "Scooby-Doo!
 Mystery Incorporated" (2010–13) and DVD feature film "Batman: Assault on Arkham" (2014).
 In 2005, Kral won an Annie Award for Best Music in an Animated Television Production, for his work on "Duck Dodgers".
Manimaran is an Indian film director, working in the Tamil film industry.
 He made his directorial debut in Tamil, Udhayam NH4 (2013) featuring Siddharth and a newcomer Ashrita Shetty in lead roles which was simultaneously dubbed and released in Telugu in the same year.
 Udhayam NH4 was produced by Meeka Entertainment & Grassroot Film Company for which director Vetrimaaran penned the story.
The Godfather Part II is the soundtrack from the movie of the same name, released in 1974 by ABC, and 1991 on compact disc by MCA.
 The original score was composed by Nino Rota and conducted by Carmine Coppola, who also provided source music for the film.
 Rota expands upon two of the three main themes from the first film: "The Godfather Waltz" and "Michael's Theme", while "The Love Theme" from the first film makes a brief appearance during a flashback sequence ("Remember Vito Andolini").
 There are several new themes, including one for Kay (Diane Keaton), and two for young Vito (Robert De Niro): "The Immigrant Theme" and "The Tarantella", introduced in "A New Carpet".
Udhayam NH4 is a 2013 Indian Tamil romantic action thriller film directed by debutant Manimaran, a former associate of Vetrimaaran.
 The film features Siddharth and newcomer Ashrita Shetty in the lead roles.
 Vetrimaaran wrote the script, did the screenplay, and penned the dialogues for this film.
 The story takes place in Bangalore, Karnataka.
 The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar.
 The film released along with a dubbed Telugu version titled NH4 on 19 April 2013, and also in Kannada as Highway NH4.
 The Kannada version was released almost a year later.
Grass Root Film Company is an Indian film production studio established by director Vetrimaaran's film production house which debuted Udhayam NH4 in collaboration with Meeka Entertainment.
 Currently the company is in collaboration with Wunderbar Films for several film projects committed in 2013, it has since gone on to produce several Tamil language films.
True Grit: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack to the film of the same name.
 "True Grit" is the 15th Coen brothers film scored by long-time collaborator Carter Burwell.
 The Coens discussed the idea of using 19th-century church music, "something that was severe (sounding).
 It couldn't be soothing or uplifting, and at the same time it couldn't be outwardly depressing.
 I spent the summer going through hymn books," Burwell said.
In 2010, Shetty participated in a beauty contest organized by "The Times of India", Clean & Clear Fresh Face.
 Competing in Mumbai, she won the event there and went on to win it again at the national level, eventually becoming the face of the brand for a year.
 She made her film debut in 2012, with a Tulu film, "Telikeda Bolli".
 During the time, she appeared in various other television commercials.
 This was when film directors Vetrimaaran and Manimaran approached her to play the lead role in their venture, "Udhayam NH4".
 The film saw her play a Bangalore-based Tamil-speaking college girl, who elopes with the character played by Siddharth.
 She gained mixed reviews for her portrayal in the film, with a reviewer noting she could be a promising actress in the making.
 Sangeeta Devi from "The Hindu" said "Newcomer Ashrita Shetty shows promise and her capability of bringing to the screen the vulnerability and innocence of a 17/18-year-old makes her endearing.
 This girl has huge potential."
 She then signed the lead in the action adventure film "Indrajith" opposite Gautham Karthik.
