Luis González Bravo y López de Arjona (Cádiz, Spain, 8 July 1811 – Biarritz, France, 1 September 1871) was a Spanish politician, diplomat, intellectual, speaker, author, philanthropist and journalist graduated from law school, who served twice as Prime Minister of Spain, or President of the Government of Spain (Spanish terminology for Prime Minister), from 1843 to 1844 and in 1868.
 He held other important offices, such as once serving as Minister of State and Foreign Affairs, and twice as Minister of Home Affairs (see: List of Ministers of the Interior of Spain).
 He was appointed Ambassador of Spain to the United Kingdom in Queen Victoria's rule, and Ambassador of Spain to Portugal.
 He was the Spanish Prime Minister responsible for granting Chile its independence.
 He was a member of the Moderate Party, and occupied three times the post of Spanish Congressman (United States House of Representatives equivalent) or Member of Parliament (House of Commons of the United Kingdom equivalent), for Cádiz, Jaén, and the Canary Islands.
 He was provisional Minister of Justice for five days.
 He was head of the Spanish civil troops "Milicia Nacional".
 He was Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece and Knight of the Order of Charles III (of King Charles III of Spain, Carlos III).
 He founded four newspapers in Spain, and was the noted Spanish poet Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer's benefactor.
The Bernard M. Gordon Prize was started in 2001 by the United States National Academy of Engineering.
 Its purpose is to recognize leaders in academia for the development of new educational approaches to engineering.
 Each year, the Gordon Prize awards $500,000 to the grantee, of which the recipient may personally use $250,000, and his or her institution receives $250,000 for the ongoing support of academic development.
 Although the Gordon Prize is relatively new, within engineering education, it is viewed by many to be the American equivalent of the Nobel Prize.
The Government of the French Republic (French: "Gouvernement de la République française" ) exercises executive power in France.
 It is composed of a prime minister, who is the head of government, and both junior and senior ministers.
 Senior ministers are titled as Ministers (French: "Ministres" ), whereas junior ministers are titled as Secretaries of State (French: "Secrétaires d'État" ).
 A smaller and more powerful executive body, called the Council of Ministers (French: "Conseil des ministres" ), is composed only of the senior ministers, though some Secretaries of State may attend Council meetings.
 The Council of Ministers is chaired by the President of the Republic, unlike the government, but is still led by the Prime Minister, who was officially titled as the President of the Council of Ministers (French: "Président du Conseil des ministres" ) during the Third and Fourth Republics.
 By comparison, the Government of France is equivalent to Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom, whereas the Council of Ministers is equivalent to the Cabinet of the United Kingdom.
Senior lecturer is an academic rank.
 In the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, and Switzerland, lecturer is a faculty position at a university or similar institution.
 The position is tenured and is roughly equivalent to an associate professor in the North American system.
In the United Kingdom and Ireland, a "lecturer" holds an open-ended, tenure-track or tenured position at a university or similar institution, and is often an academic at an early career stage who teaches, conducts research, and leads research groups.
 Most lecturers typically hold permanent contracts at their academic institution.
 In terms of responsibilities and recognition, the position of an open-ended lecturer on a permanent contract is equivalent to assistant professor or associate professor in the North American academic system.
 This is a tenure-track or tenured position, although UK tenure has eroded since 1988.
A higher diploma is an academic award in Iraq, Libya, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Ireland and Oman.
 In Iraq and Libya, it's one year after bachelor's degree (i.e., NOT equivalent to a bachelor's degree, as many people claim).
 In Ireland it is a postgraduate qualification at the same level of the honours bachelor's degree.
 In the United Kingdom, the diploma is equivalent to higher tier (A*-C) GCSE.
The Fair Trade Certified Mark is a fair trade certification mark used in Canada and in the United States.
 It appears on products as an independent guarantee that disadvantaged producers in the developing world are getting a better deal.
 The Fair Trade Certified Mark is the North American equivalent of the International Fairtrade Certification Mark used in Europe, Africa, Asia, Australia and New Zealand.
The military rank of general in Canada is typically held by only one officer whose position is Chief of the Defence Staff (CDS) and the senior uniformed officer of the Canadian Forces.
 The rank is referred to as 'four-star', a reference to its American equivalent.
 It is the equivalent of the naval rank of admiral.
 Prior to the 1968 unification of the Canadian Forces, the equivalent rank in the Royal Canadian Air Force was air chief marshal.
Energy use in the United Kingdom stood at 2,249 TWh (193.4 million tonnes of oil equivalent) in 2014.
 This equates to energy consumption "per capita" of 34.82 MWh (3.00 tonnes of oil equivalent) compared to a 2010 world average of 21.54 MWh (1.85 tonnes of oil equivalent).
 Demand for electricity in 2014 was 34.42GW on average (301.7TWh over the year) coming from a total electricity generation of 335.0TWh.
The First Lord of the Treasury is the head of the commission exercising the ancient office of Lord High Treasurer in the United Kingdom, and is now always also the Prime Minister.
 This office is not equivalent to the usual position of the "Treasurer" in other governments; the closer equivalent of a Treasurer in the United Kingdom is the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who is the Second Lord of the Treasury.
