Univ.
 Prof. Dr. Eva Schönbeck-Temesy (August 16, 1930 – August 27, 2011) was an eminent, Austrian botanist of Hungarian descent who made notable contributions to Karl Heinz Rechinger's magisterial Flora Iranica.
 The fourth daughter of General Stefan Temesy and Ludovika Temesy née Messek, she was born in Győr, the most important city in northwestern Hungary.
 She attended elementary school and afterwards (1940–44) "Szent Margit Leánygimnázium" (St. Margaret's School for Girls) in Székesfehérvár in central Hungary.
 In the turmoil of the invasion of Hungary by the Red Army, the Temesy family left the country and settled in the Styrian capital Graz in eastern Austria, where the young Eva resumed her secondary education at BRG II for Girls in 1946 - from which she graduated with distinction in 1949.
 In the same year, she enrolled at the University of Graz to study botany.
 Her doctoral thesis, entitled "The Polytypic Species "Saxifraga stellaris" Linné" , which she wrote under the guidance of Professor Felix Joseph Widder, earned her in 1954 the degree of Ph.D. "Sub auspiciis Praesidentis" - the highest honour which may be bestowed by the Austrian University system.
 On July 9, 1956 she married the zoologist Horst Schönbeck (1929–2009) by whom she had three children: Susanne (1957-), Stefan (1959-) and Pippa (1961-).
 Up until 1964, the young Schönbeck-Temesy family lived in the municipality of Judendorf-Straßengel, in the district of Graz-Umgebung.
 There then followed a work-related move to Vienna.
 From January 1 1965 to December 1 1970 Eva worked on a research fellowship and then up until March 30 1973 on an "Arbeitsauftrag" in the botany department of the Natural History Museum, Vienna under the Directorship of Professor Karl Heinz Rechinger.
 On March 1 1974 she became Keeper of the museum's Herbarium - a post in which she remained until her retirement in April 1993.
 Dr. Schönbeck-Temesy benefitted greatly, during her academic career, from her polyglotism : in addition to her mother tongues of Hungarian and German she was also fluent in English, French, Italian, and Russian.
 A true "Grande Dame" of the world of botany, she is commemorated in the name of the rubiaceous plant "Galium schoenbeck-temesyae" Ehrend.
The eldest of the eleven children of Dr. William Henry Twort, Frederick Twort was born in Camberley, Surrey on 22 October 1877.
 The three eldest sons went to Tomlinson's Modern School in Woking.
 From 1894 Frederick studied medicine at St Thomas's Hospital, London.
 After qualifying in medicine (Membership of the Royal College of Surgeons, Licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians) in 1900, Twort took the first paid post available, assistant to Dr. Louis Jenner, Superintendent of the Clinical Laboratory of St Thomas' Hospital.
 There he trained in pathological techniques.
 In 1902 he became assistant to the Bacteriologist of the London Hospital, Dr. William Bulloch, later F.R.S., and carried out single-handed the whole diagnostic routine of the Hospital.
 In 1909, Twort became the superintendent of the Brown Animal Sanatory Institution, a pathology research centre, and remained there for the duration of his career.
 In 1919 Twort married Dorothy Nony, daughter of Frederick J. Banister, and together they had three daughters and a son.
Mazher Mahmood (born 22 March 1963) is an undercover British journalist who has worked mainly for the tabloid press.
 He spent 20 years working for the "News of the World" and the "Sunday Times", during which time he was responsible for numerous investigations, including a reputed 94 that led to convictions.
 He won Reporter of the Year in 2011, as well as Scoop of the Year and the Sports Journalists' Association award, for an investigation of cricket match-fixing.
 Later, from its foundation in 2012, he worked for the "Sun on Sunday", successor to the "News of the World".
Huma Mahmood Abedin (born July 28, 1976) is an American political staffer who was vice chair of Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign for President of the United States.
 Prior to that, Abedin was deputy chief of staff to Clinton, who was U.S. Secretary of State, from 2009 to 2013.
 She was also the traveling chief of staff and former assistant for Clinton during Clinton's campaign for the Democratic nomination in the 2008 presidential election.
Mahmood Sariolghalam (Persian: محمود سریع‌القلم‎ ‎ ) is a professor of International Relations at the School of Economics and Political Science in Shahid Beheshti University (formerly Iran National University) since 1987.
 He was born in Tehran, Iran in 1959.
 He received his B.A. degree in Political Science/Management from California State University, Northridge in 1980 and his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees in International Relations from the University of Southern California in 1982 and 87, respectively.
 Sariolghalam also completed a Post Doctorate program at the Ohio University in 1997.
 During the 2009-2010 academic year, he taught at the Kuwait University.
Dr. Hossein Gharib was born in Tehran, Iran on February 2, 1940.
 His father was Dr. Mohammad Gharib (1909–1975), a former Professor and Chair of Pediatrics at Tehran University (1938–1975), generally regarded as the "Father of Pediatrics" in Iran.
 In 1998, Hossein Gharib edited and published a book in Persian about his father which includes a collection of essays from his father's family, patients, friends, and colleagues.
 The second edition is scheduled for publication in late 2011.
 For his lifetime of service, Dr. Mohammad Gharib was honored on a stamp issued by the government of Iran in 1991.
 Hossein's mother was Zahra Gharib (1915–2010), daughter of Ostad Abdolazim Gharib (1877–1965), a renowned professor of Persian literature and the first person to develop a modern grammar for the Iranian language.
 Ostad Abdolazim Gharib was recognized for his major contributions to Iranian literature by a stamp issued by Iran in 1989.
 Dr. Gharib has two sisters, Nahid Ziai and Mayram Comninos, and one brother, Dr. Mohsen Gharib.
 In 1976, he married Minoo Jalili and they have three children.
Myra Celestina Philomena Portia McQueen is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, "Hollyoaks", played by Nicole Barber-Lane.
 She made her debut screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 19 June 2006 and was introduced by series producer Bryan Kirkwood as part of the McQueen family.
 Her storylines have included discovering her son John Paul (James Sutton) was gay, the revenge of her abandoned son Niall (Barry Sloane), which led to the death of her daughter Tina (Leah Hackett), a relationship with Dirk Savage (David Kennedy), faking her own death, coming to terms with the death of her daughter Carmel (Gemma Merna) following a train crash and the disappearance of her daughter Mercedes (Jennifer Metcalfe).
 On 1 August 2013, it was announced that Barber-Lane had quit the serial and Myra made her on-screen departure during the episode broadcast on 5 September 2013.
 The character was shot by Dr. Paul Browning (Joseph Thompson), but survived and then emigrated so he thought she was dead.
 On 31 January 2014, Myra made a brief return to the show following the death of Jim McGinn (Dan Tetsell).
 In July 2014, it was announced that Myra would return again later in the year, but for a longer stint.
 It was crossed with the return of Theresa McQueen (Jorgie Porter).
 Myra returned to the serial on 12 September 2014.
Prof. Dr. Sevil Atasoy (Hafize Hikmet Sevil Atasoy Ekinci), immediate past president of the UN International Narcotics Control Board born in İstanbul, Turkey (February 25, 1949), is an internationally distinguished leader in the field of Forensic Sciences, substance abuse and addiction.
 Atasoy is the daughter of forensic pathologist Prof. Dr. Şemsi Gök (1921–2002) and bacteriologist Dr. Ferda Gök (1924 - 2003).
 She is currently the executive director of the Innocence Project (Turkey), the International Forensic Science Services, Vice-Rector of Uskudar University, Istanbul, Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences and chairs the Crime & Violence Prevention Center.
The Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs is a London-based scholarly institution furthering the study of Muslims in non-Muslim nations.
 It holds conferences and publishes books and journals.
 Pakistani-born Dr. Saleha Mahmood Abedin, the mother of Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, is Director of the Institute.
 It was founded in 1978 by Dr. Syed Zainul Abedin, from India who was educated at Aligarh Muslim University and University of Pennsylvania.
 Abdullah Omar Naseef, then president of the Muslim World League and president of King Abdulaziz University, provided backing to Abedin for the institute's formation.
On April 28, 1833, Willson was born in Fitzroy, Ontario.
 Going to New York, he attended a district school and taught for a year.
 Moving on to Olean, New York, he was involved in making daguerreotypes.
 In the fall of 1855, Willson move to Ann Arbor to study at the University of Michigan medical department.
 In 1857, he started practicing medicine in the office of Dr. R. D. Lamond in Flint.
 Returning in 1858 to the University, Willson graduated in 1859 with a Doctor of Medicine degree.
 Back in Flint, he joined his cousin's, Dr. George B. Willson, practice.
 He serve as a Union Army major in the American Civil War.
 In 1861, he was a surgeon to the Tenth Michigan Infantry.
 Willson was transfer to the Eight Michigan Infantry.
 He was honorable discharged in March 1863 because of ill health.
 On May 18, 1865, he married Rhoda Crapo, daughter of Governor Henry H. Crapo.
 That same year, he was sent to Washington, D.C. as the appointed Michigan military agent.
 Willson joined and was active in two Civil War organizations: the Grand Army of the Republic and the Loyal Legion.
 On the death of Henry Crapo, the Willson move into the Crapo Mansion in Flint at First and Clifford (now Wallenberg Street) Streets, now known as Willson Park and part of the University of Michigan–Flint Campus.
