The Mandalay Palace (Burmese: မန္တလေး နန်းတော် , ] ), located in Mandalay, Myanmar, is the last royal palace of the last Burmese monarchy.
 The palace was constructed, between 1857 and 1859 as part of King Mindon's founding of the new royal capital city of Mandalay.
 The plan of Mandalay Palace largely follows the traditional Burmese palace design, inside a walled fort surrounded by a moat.
 The palace itself is at the centre of the citadel and faces east.
 All buildings of the palace are of one storey in height.
 The number of spires above a building indicated the importance of the area below.
German submarine "U-139" was a Type IID U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
 Her keel was laid down on 20 November 1939 by Deutsche Werke in Kiel as yard number 268.
 She was launched on 28 July 1940 and commissioned on 24 July 1940 with "Kapitänleutnant" Robert Bartels in command.
Building typology refers to the study and documentation of a set of buildings which have similarities in their type of function or form.
 There are two ways of looking at the term "building typology".
 The first is a functional typology that categorizes buildings into groups by the similarity of their use.
 A functional building typology under this definition may create groups such as hospitals, schools, and shopping centers (see more examples in the list of building types by use).
 The second is a typology that groups buildings according to their forms, which is explained is this article.
 Formal building typology may be based on configuration, format, or relationships of building to streets and each other.
 Any single functional type can be subdivided into formal types.
 For example, the residential functional type may be further subdivided into formal categories such as high rise towers, single family homes, duplexes, and townhouses.
 The townhouse building is one formal type that has a specific configuration: single units are placed side-by-side with others, vertically oriented up to four stories tall, and facing the street.
 Many more variations of this formal type are found around the world, each with variations that are the result of local materials, cultural habits, age and technology.
 Documenting a type is the process of discovering the elements of similar forms which are the same.
 Usually building types are distinguished by their basic form, site configuration, and scale, but not their specific architectural style, color, or even precise use.and are related to the era, the culture, and the environment in which they arise.
The Guitar and Lute Workshop (GLW) was a manufacturer of custom guitars, ukuleles, and period stringed instruments based in Honolulu, Hawaii between 1970 and 1976.
 The workshop was known primarily for the talented luthiers employed in either construction of guitars, or the musicians that taught at the workshop or that used guitars made at the workshop.
 Additionally, an independent piano restoration and tuning business operated above the workshop floor and studios for at least two years.
 The GLW was notable as a nexus of activity supporting native Hawaiian musical cultural discovery during the Second Hawaiian Renaissance of the 1970s, with key Hawaiian musicians such as Keola Beamer and Kapono Beamer gaining starts in their careers at the GLW, as well as musical instrument restoration for instruments of Hawaiian royalty (of the Kingdom of Hawaii), now curated by ʻIolani Palace.
 Additionally, the GLW's focus on traditional period stringed instruments was, in part, responsible for the resurgent interest in the viol and traditional luthierie methods within the western United States in the early 1970s.
Henry James "Jim" Nape Bartels (July 25, 1945 – April 20, 2003) was a Hawaiian museum curator and historian, who was the curator of ʻIolani Palace and later Washington Place.
Škoda Palace is the current site of the Prague Town Hall.
 The late Art Deco building in Jungmannova Street was built in 1929 for the Škoda company using a design by the prominent architect Pavel Janák (Adria Palace, Czernin Palace).
 The adjacent office building in Charvátova Street dates back to 1937.
 Even today, both buildings still satisfy the strictest requirements thanks to their flexible arrangement of office and common space within the buildings.
 The buildings are accessible through several entrances, which allows the interiors to be easily divided into independent sections.
 The Palace served as the headquarters of the ČEZ Energy Group from 1994 to 2004.
German submarine "U-197" was a Type IXD2 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
 The submarine was laid down on 5 July 1941 at the DeSchiMAG AG Weser yard in Bremen as yard number 1043.
 She was launched on 21 May 1942, and commissioned on 10 October under the command of "Korvettenkapitän" Robert Bartels.
 After training with the 4th U-boat Flotilla at Stettin, "U-197" was transferred to the 12th U-boat Flotilla for front-line service on 1 April 1943.
Kathleen S. Bartels is the current director of the Vancouver Art Gallery in Vancouver, BC.
 Since 2001, Bartels’ direction has guided the Gallery’s growth in its arts programs and exhibitions.
 She is also leading the Gallery’s current initiative to build a new and expanded building.
Main Post Office Building in Belgrade is located on the corner of Takovska Street and Boulevard of Kralj Aleksandar, close to the National Assembly, the building of the President of Serbia (the building of the New Palace) and the Belgrade City Assembly (the building of the Old Palace).
 It is one of the most representative buildings of the most important state institution for postal traffic and services.
 It was constructed in the period from 1935 to 1938 as the palace of the Post Office Savings Bank, the Main Post Office and the Main Telegraph.
 Since the completion of the work to date, the part of the palace from Takovska Street designed for the work of the Main Post Office has not changed its basic purpose.
 On the other hand, the part of the palace from Boulevard of Kralj Aleksandar in which the Post Office Savings Bank was located, from 1946 to September 2006, was used to house the National Bank until its relocation to a new facility on Slavija Square.
 Since 2003, some ministries of the Republic of Serbia were located in this building, and since 2013, it is used by the Constitutional Court of Serbia.
 The same year, in 2013, the Palace of the Main Post Office was declared a cultural monument.
The Grandmaster's Palace (Maltese: "Il-Palazz tal-Granmastru" ), officially known as The Palace (Maltese: "Il-Palazz" ), is a palace in Valletta, Malta.
 It was built between the 16th and 18th centuries as the palace of the Grand Master of the Order of St. John, who ruled Malta, and was also known as the Magisterial Palace (Maltese: "Palazz Maġisterjali" ).
 It eventually became the Governor's Palace (Maltese: "Palazz tal-Gvernatur" ), and it currently houses the Office of the President of Malta.
 Parts of the building, namely the Palace State Rooms and the Palace Armoury, are open to the public as a museum run by Heritage Malta.
