Maurice Herbert Rindskopf (1917–2011) was the youngest officer to ascend to command of a Fleet Submarine in World War II; and until his death, was the last living World War II submarine commander.
 His entire World War II submarine career was spent on board  , where he was awarded a Silver Star as a Lieutenant in charge of torpedoes and gunnery, and the Navy Cross as its commanding officer.
 He culminated his career as a Rear Admiral and the Director of Naval Intelligence.
Commander William Donald Aelian "Bill" King, DSO & Bar, DSC (23 June 1910 – 21 September 2012) was a British naval officer, yachtsman and author.
 He was the oldest participant in the first solo non-stop, around-the-world yacht race, the Sunday Times Golden Globe Race, the only person to command a British submarine on both the first and last days of World War II.
 At the time of his death, he was the last surviving British World War II submarine commander.
Silent Hunter is a World War II submarine combat simulation for MS-DOS, developed by Aeon Electronic Entertainment and published by Strategic Simulations in 1996.
 The game takes place in the Pacific War during World War II, the player commanding a submarine of the United States Navy.
 Most contemporary US submarines and Japanese warships are featured along with some generic merchant ships.
In Enemy Hands "U-Boat", is a World War II submarine film released in 2004, starring William H. Macy, Til Schweiger, Scott Caan and Lauren Holly.
The "Gato"-class were a class of submarines built for the United States Navy and launched in 1941–1943; they were the first mass-production U.S. submarine class of World War II.
 Together with their near-sisters the "Balao" and "Tench" class es, their design formed the majority of the United States Navy's World War II submarine fleet.
 Named after the lead ship of the class, USS "Gato" , the "Gato"s and their successors formed the core of the submarine service that was largely responsible for the destruction of the Japanese merchant marine and a large portion of the Imperial Japanese Navy in World War II.
 "Gato"' s name comes from a species of small catshark.
 Like most other U.S. Navy submarines of the period, boats of the "Gato" class were given the names of marine creatures.
 In some references, the "Gato"s are combined with their successors, especially the "Balao" class.
Hellcats of the Navy is a 1957 black-and-white World War II submarine film drama from Columbia Pictures, produced by Charles H. Schneer and directed by Nathan Juran.
 The film stars future US President Ronald Reagan and his wife, billed under her screen name Nancy Davis, and Arthur Franz.
 This was the only feature film in which the Reagans acted together, either before or after their 1952 marriage.
Run Silent, Run Deep is a 1958 American black-and-white war film from United Artists, produced by Harold Hecht, directed by Robert Wise, and starring Clark Gable and Burt Lancaster.
 The film is based on the novel of the same name by Commander (later Captain) Edward L. Beach Jr..
 The title refers to "silent running", a submarine stealth tactic.
 The story describes World War II submarine warfare in the Pacific Ocean, and deals with themes of vengeance, endurance, courage, loyalty, and honor and how these can be tested during wartime.
The K-250 submarine is usually configured to be a one-person personal submarine that is rated to go down to 250 fsw.
 The sub was designed by retired US Navy World War II submarine captain George Kittredge.
 It is a basic solid submarine that has been used by researchers, salvage divers, and private enthusiasts.
An End Around was a World War II submarine attack tactic.
 It was used when the initial relative position of the submarine and its target did not give the attacking submarine a positional advantage.
 The submarine estimated the path and speed of the target, then submerged until the target was out of visual range.
 The submarine would then surface, and, remaining outside of visual range, proceeded at maximum surface speed to a position in front of the target.
 This position would give it sufficient positional advantage.
 The submarine would then submerge and wait until the target approached it before attacking.
Operation Pacific is a 1951 World War II submarine film starring John Wayne and Patricia Neal, featuring Ward Bond and Philip Carey and directed by George Waggner.
 The technical advisor for this film was Admiral Charles A. Lockwood, the actual Commander, Submarine Forces, Pacific (COMSUBPAC) during World War II.
