James Edwin Tracy (born December 31, 1955) is a former professional baseball manager and player.
 He has managed the Los Angeles Dodgers, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Colorado Rockies.
 Tracy was named Manager of the Year in 2009, only the second manager to win the award after being hired mid-season, joining Jack McKeon for the Florida Marlins.
The Wisconsin Timber Rattlers are a minor league baseball team of the Midwest League, and the Class A affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers.
 The team is located in Appleton, and are named for the timber rattlesnake, which is indigenous to the area.
 The team plays its home games at Neuroscience Group Field at Fox Cities Stadium, which opened in 1995 and seats 5,170 fans (plus grass seating).
 The Timber Rattlers have won nine league championships, most recently in 2012.
 World Series-winning Managers Earl Weaver and Jack McKeon were Managers at Appleton.
 Baseball Hall of Fame members Pat Gillick, Earl Weaver, and Goose Gossage played for Appleton.
 Five future Cy Young Award winners and three Most Valuable Player recipients were on Appleton/Wisconsin rosters.
 The 1978 Appleton Foxes were recognized as one of the 100 greatest minor league teams of all time.
The San Diego Padres are an American professional baseball team in Major League Baseball (MLB) based in San Diego, California.
 The club was founded in 1969 as part of the league's expansion.
 The team's Hall of Fame, created in 1999 to honor the club's 30th anniversary, recognizes players, coaches, and executives who have made key contributions to the franchise.
 Voting is conducted by a 35-member committee.
 Candidates typically must wait at least two years after retiring to be eligible for induction, though Tony Gwynn was selected during his final season in 2001 before the last game of the year.
 He was also the Hall of Fame's first ever unanimous selection.
 There are 14 members in the team's Hall of Fame, the most recent inductee being Jack McKeon in 2017.
 The inductees are featured in an exhibit at the team's home stadium, Petco Park.
The 1997 World Series, the 93rd edition of Major League Baseball's championship series, began on October 18 and ended on October 26 (after midnight October 27).
 It featured the Cleveland Indians of the American League (playing in their second World Series in three years) and the Florida Marlins of the National League (who had set a record by reaching the World Series in only their fifth season).
 The Marlins, who were underdogs, capped a stunning season.
 They defeated the Indians four games to three to win their first World Series championship, making them the first wild card team to ever win the World Series.
 The final of Game 7 was decided in extra innings on an Édgar Rentería single.
 This was also the fourth time where Game 7 of the World Series went into extra innings, and the most recent until the 2016 World Series, in which the Indians also lost in extra innings, this time to the Chicago Cubs.
The 1997 Cincinnati Reds season consisted of the Cincinnati Reds attempting to win the National League Central.
 The Reds were managed by Ray Knight and Jack McKeon.
The 1989 World Series was the 86th edition of Major League Baseball's championship series, and the conclusion of the 1989 Major League Baseball season.
 A best-of-seven playoff, it was played between the American League (AL) champion Oakland Athletics and the National League (NL) champion San Francisco Giants.
 The Series ran from October 14 through October 28, with the Athletics sweeping the Giants in four games.
 It was the first World Series sweep since 1976.
 The four game sweep by the Athletics at the time would mark only the third time in World Series history that a team never trailed in any game (1963, 1966, and 2004 World Series being the only other times this occurred), and the first in the playoff era (post-1968).
 Until 2015, this was the last time a team would win the World Series after losing in the previous year.
The Florida Marlins' 2004 season started off with the team trying to improve on their season from 2003.
 Their manager was Jack McKeon.
 They played most of their home games at Pro Player Stadium.
They played two against the Montreal Expos at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field due to Hurricane Ivan.
 They finished with a record of 83-79, 3rd in the NL East.
The Florida Marlins' 2005 season started off with the team trying to improve on their season from 2004.
 Their manager was Jack McKeon.
 They played home games at Dolphin Stadium.
 They finished with a record of 83-79, 3rd in the NL East.
The 2000 World Series was the 96th edition of Major League Baseball (MLB)'s championship series, and the conclusion of the 2000 Major League Baseball season.
 A best-of-seven playoff, it featured a crosstown matchup between the two-time defending World Series champions and American League (AL) champion New York Yankees and the National League (NL) champion New York Mets.
 The Yankees defeated the Mets four games to one to win their third consecutive championship and 26th overall.
 It marks, to date, the last World Series with a repeat champion.
 It was the first postseason Subway Series since 1956.
 The Yankees were in the World Series for the third consecutive season and fourth in the past five years, and 37th overall.
 This made it the most of any team in MLB.
 The Mets qualified to play in the World Series for the fourth time in franchise history, making this the most of any expansion franchise in MLB and its first since winning the 1986 World Series.
 This is the most recent World Series in which both participating teams had made the postseason the previous year.
The 2015 World Series was the 111th edition of Major League Baseball's championship series, a best-of-seven playoff between the National League (NL) champion New York Mets and the American League (AL) champion Kansas City Royals.
 The series was played between October 27 and November 1, with the Royals winning the series 4 games to 1.
 It was the first time since the 2010 World Series that the World Series extended into November.
 The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Athletics in the 1989 World Series to win the World Series after losing in the previous year.
 It was also the first World Series since the 2007 World Series to not feature the Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, or San Francisco Giants as the NL champions.
