"#HappyHolograms" is the tenth and final episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 257th episode overall, it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on December 10 2014.
 It is the second part of the two-part season finale which began with the previous episode, "#REHASH".
 The episode makes multiple references to earlier episodes over the season, as well as to previous seasons, while mainly lampooning the trend of culture constantly making trending topics with no actual relevance.
 It also lampoons news events such as the death of Eric Garner, the shooting of Michael Brown, the sexual assault allegations against Bill Cosby, and the use of celebrity holograms.
 YouTube celebrity PewDiePie appeared as himself, continuing his story line from the previous episode.
"#REHASH" is the ninth episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 256th overall episode, it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on December 3, 2014.
 The episode is part one of the two-part season finale.
 The episode lampoons the popularity of Internet Let's Play celebrities and the phenomena of Internet trending topics that lack actual relevance.
 The episode also references and intertwined multiple elements from previous episodes in the eighteenth season of "South Park".
 YouTube celebrity PewDiePie plays himself in this episode.
"The Cissy" is the third episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 250th overall episode, it was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 8, 2014.
 The episode explores the culture of transgender individuals and gender identity.
"Handicar" is the fourth episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 251st episode overall, it was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 15, 2014.
 The episode lampoons several trends in the automotive industry including ride-share apps such as Uber and Lyft, Matthew McConaughey's celebrity endorsement of Lincoln, and Tesla, culminating in a "Wacky Races"-style marathon.
 The episode does not feature any appearance by the four main characters of "South Park": Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny.
"Cock Magic" is the eighth episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 255th overall episode, it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on November 19, 2014.
 The episode lampoons the popularity of the collectible card game "" using double entendres of various sexual innuendo, women's sports, and cockfighting versus the stand for animal rights.
"Freemium Isn't Free" is the sixth episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 253rd episode overall, it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on November 5, 2014.
 The episode lampoons the popularity of freemium mobile apps such as "" and "".
 The episode links addiction to freemium games to other addictions, including alcoholism and gambling addiction, and their possible genetic predisposition.
"Grounded Vindaloop" is the seventh episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 254th episode overall, it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on November 12, 2014.
 The episode lampoons virtual reality headsets including the Oculus Rift using various science-fiction movie references, and customer service call centers.
"Gluten Free Ebola" is the second episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 249th overall episode, it was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 1, 2014.
 The episode lampoons the trend of the gluten-free diet lifestyle and the constant changes recommended to the Western pattern diet and the current food guide.
"The Magic Bush" is the fifth episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 252nd overall episode, it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 29, 2014.
 The episode lampoons the use of drone airplanes, leaked nude celebrity photos, and the shooting of Michael Brown and the following Ferguson unrest.
"Go Fund Yourself" is the first episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 248th episode of the series overall, it was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on September 24, 2014.
 The boys from South Park decide to create a startup company funded through Kickstarter so that they never have to work again.
 In the process of deciding on a name, they realize that the Washington Redskins football team has lost its trademark to the name due to it being considered offensive to Native Americans, so they decide to use that name for their company.
 The new company receives enough money for the boys running it to live luxuriously without doing any work, until the football team destroys Kickstarter's servers during a raid, meaning the boys are unable to access their startup company page and receive their money.
