Douglas "Doug" Cliggott (born 1956) is the U.S. equity strategist at Credit Suisse.
 He was appointed to that position in 2009.
 Formerly he was the CIO of Dover Management LLC.
 He joined the Greenwich, CT based firm in December 2006.
 Cliggott was a managing director and chief investment strategist at J.P. Morgan & Company and JPMorgan Chase between September 1996 and February 2002.
 In 2002 he left JP Morgan to head the U.S. office of Swedish asset management firm Brummer & Partners, a J.P. Morgan client.
John Pierpont "Jack" Morgan Jr., also referred to as J.P. Morgan Jr. (September 7, 1867 – March 13, 1943), was an American banker, finance executive, and philanthropist.
 Morgan Jr. inherited the family fortune and took over the business interests including J.P. Morgan & Co. after his father J. P. Morgan died in 1913.
A bank pool loan (BPL) is a fairly new form of loan, used by US based firms trading on public markets that need funding of under $10,000,000.
 In a BPL, a group of European based banks (the pool), create a European firm whose sole purpose is to loan money to a US based company.
 Because this loan to the European based bank is completely insured, the BPL does not have as high a risk if the loan is defaulted on.
 Additionally, the pool actually makes more annual interest than if they were to loan money traditionally.
 This allows US based firms to borrow as much as $10,000,000 completely interest free as long as it is backed by collateral of some sort (usually stock).
 The Regulations require that the loan be of "good value" and so the newly formed European company usually requires securities to back the loan to pass this qualification.
Esso Australia is an Australian affiliate of ExxonMobil, the US based oil giant.
 Esso operates a number of oil and gas platforms in Bass Strait, south east of Melbourne, Australia, as well as a gas processing facility at Longford and Long Island Point (LIP) in Hastings.
Mercuria Energy Group Ltd is a privately held Swiss international commodity trading company active over a wide spectrum of global energy markets including crude oil and refined petroleum products, natural gas (including LNG), power, coal, biodiesel, carbon emissions, base metals and agricultural products.
 In 2014, the company bought the commodities trading arm of J.P. Morgan in a reported US$800 million deal.
Founder Group () is a major Chinese technology conglomerate that deals with information technology, pharmaceuticals, real estate, finance, and commodities trading.
 It is divided into five major industry groups, each covering a separate industry: PKU Founder IT Group (IT), PKU Healthcare Group (healthcare and pharmaceuticals), PKU Resource Group (real estate), Founder Financial (finance), and Founder Commodities (commodities trading).
Hess Corporation (formerly Amerada Hess Corporation) is an American global independent energy company engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas.
 Hess, headquartered in New York City, placed #394 in the 2016 list of Fortune 500 corporations.
 In 2014, Hess completed a multi-year transformation to an exploration and production company by exiting all downstream operations, generating approximately $13 billion from assets sales beginning in 2013.
 Hess sold its gas station network to Marathon Petroleum (which operates under the retail brand Speedway); sold its wholesale and retail oil, natural gas and electricity marketing business to Direct Energy; closed its refineries in Port Reading NJ and St. Croix USVI (Hovensa JV with PDVSA); sold its bulk storage and terminalling business mostly to Buckeye Partners; and sold its 50% interests in two New Jersey power plants to their respective JV partners (Bayonne Energy Center: ArcLight Capital and Newark Energy Center: Ares EIF).
 Hess also sold its 50% interest in its JV commodities trading arm HETCO (Hess Energy Trading Company) to Oaktree Capital.
 HETCO is now known as Hartree Partners.
Source UK Services Ltd., or simply Source, is a specialist British-based provider of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and exchange-traded commodities (ETCs).
 The first products of Source, 22 T-ETCs and 13 ETFs, became available in April 2009 on Deutsche Börse.
 Source was started by five of the world's largest equity trading houses – BofA Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley and Nomura.
 In 2014, Warburg Pincus, the large global Private Equity firm, purchased 51% and is now the sixth owner.
 As part of that deal, Lee Kranefuss, the innovator behind the iShares ETF line at Barclays and BlackRock, became Executive Chairman of Source.
Morgan Downey is an Irish-born New York-based American commodities trader and acknowledged authority on the financial aspects of the oil industry.
 His views about price fluctuations and trends in the oil market have been reported in numerous publications.
 His bestselling 2009 book "Oil 101" is an overall guide to the oil industry with information about how oil prices are determined in global wholesale markets.
 According to the "Wall Street Journal", the book covers the "technologies and systems related to oil exploration, production, refining, distribution and more."
 Reviewer Robert Rapier described his book as detailed and comprehensive and an excellent resource for persons wanting to understand the oil industry.
 In February 2014, Downey was appointed as the chief executive officer of financial data vendor Money.Net, described as a real-time market information platform for investors.
 Before Money.net, he was Global Head of Commodities at Bloomberg LP where he managed development and content of the Bloomberg Professional terminal as well as moderated panel discussions on industry topics.
 Before that, he was a commodities trader for Standard Chartered Bank, after trading at Bank of America and at Citibank.
 Downey was born in Ireland, studied finance at the University of Limerick, and moved to New York City after college.
The 2000s commodities boom or the "commodities super cycle" was the rise, and fall, of many physical commodity prices (such as those of food stuffs, oil, metals, chemicals, fuels and the like) which occurred during the first two decades of the 2000s (2000–2014), following the Great Commodities Depression of the 1980s and 1990s.
 The boom was largely due to the rising demand from emerging markets such as the BRIC countries, particularly China during the period from 1992 to 2013, as well as the result of concerns over long-term supply availability.
 There was a sharp down-turn in prices during 2008 and early 2009 as a result of the credit crunch and sovereign debt crisis, but prices began to rise as demand recovered from late 2009 to mid-2010.
 Oil began to slip downwards after mid-2010, but peaked at $101.80 on 30 and 31 January 2011, as the Egyptian political crisis and rioting broke out, leading to concerns over both the safe use of the Suez Canal and overall security in Arabia itself.
 On 3 March, Libya's National Oil Corp said that output had halved due to the departure of foreign workers.
 As this happened, Brent Crude surged to a new high of above $116.00 a barrel as supply disruptions and potential for more unrest in the Middle East and North Africa continued to worry investors.
 Thus the price of oil kept rising into the 2010s.
 The commodities super-cycle peaked in 2011, "driven by a combination of strong demand from emerging nations and low supply growth."
 Prior to 2002, only 5 to 10 per cent of trading in the commodities market was attributable to investors.
 Since 2002 "30 per cent of trading is attributable to investors in the commodities market" which "has caused higher price volatility."
