The Battle of Sprimont, Battle of Esneux or Battle of the Ourthe was a battle between French Republican and Austrian troops on the plateau between the valleys of the Vesdre, the Ourthe and the Amblève, 20 km south of Liège.
 It occurred on 17 and 18 September 1794 and was a French Republican victory.
 The battle put a final end to the Ancien Régime in what is now Belgium, then essentially the Austrian Netherlands, Principality of Liège and the Principality of Stavelot-Malmedy.
 French troops dislodged Austrian troops occupying the plateau, though the French suffered heavy losses.
 Associated with the battle are the villages of Sprimont, Esneux, Fontin and the site of the "La Redoute", whose name originates in a redoubt involved in the battle.
The Siege of Leith ended a twelve-year encampment of French troops at Leith, the port near Edinburgh, Scotland.
 The French troops arrived by invitation in 1548 and left in 1560 after an English force arrived to attempt to assist in removing them from Scotland.
 The town was not taken by force and the French troops finally left peacefully under the terms of a treaty signed by Scotland, England and France.
The Battle of Saint-Mihiel was a major World War I battle fought from 12–15 September 1918, involving the American Expeditionary Force (AEF) and 110,000 French troops under the command of General John J. Pershing of the United States against German positions.
 The U.S. Army Air Service (which later became the U.S. Air Force) played a significant role in this action.
The German Attack on Vimy Ridge, 21 May ("Unternehmen Schleswig-Holstein"/Operation Schleswig-Holstein) was a local attack on the Western Front during the First World War.
 The Germans intended to prevent mines being blown under German positions by capturing the British front line and mine gallery entrances.
 After the Third Battle of Artois (25 September – 4 November 1915) The French Tenth Army had held positions on the western slope of Vimy Ridge and the German 6th Army ("Generaloberst" [Colonel General] Rupprecht, Crown Prince of Bavaria) occupied positions on the steeper eastern slope.
 After the beginning of the Battle of Verdun (21 February – 18 December 1916), the Tenth Army was withdrawn and the British First Army and Third Army on either flank, took over he French positions.
The Capture of St Lucia was the result of a campaign by British land and naval forces to capture the island of St Lucia, which was a French Colony.
 Britain's actions followed the capture of the British controlled island of Dominica by French forces after a surprise invasion in September 1778.
 During the Battle of St. Lucia the British fleet defeated a French fleet sent to reinforced the island, and a few days later French troops were soundly defeated by British troops during the Battle of Morne de la Vierge.
 Realising that another British fleet would arrive shortly with reinforcements, the French garrison surrendered.
 The remaining French troops were evacuated and the French fleet returned to Martinique, leaving the island in the hands of the British.
The Battle of Ligny (16 June 1815) was the last victory of the military career of Napoleon Bonaparte.
 In this battle, French troops of the Armée du Nord under Napoleon's command, defeated part of a Prussian army under Field Marshal Prince Blücher, near Ligny in present-day Belgium.
 The Battle of Ligny is an example of a tactical win and a strategic loss for the French.
 While the French troops did force the enemy to retreat, the Prussian army survived and went on to play a pivotal role two days later at the Battle of Waterloo, reinforced by IV Prussian corps that had not participated in the battle at Ligny.
 Had the French army succeeded in keeping the Prussian army from joining the Anglo-allied Army under Wellington at Waterloo, Napoleon might have won the Waterloo Campaign.
The Battle of the Somme (US title, "Kitchener's Great Army in the Battle of the Somme"), is a 1916 British documentary and propaganda war film, shot by two official cinematographers, Geoffrey Malins and John McDowell.
 The film depicts the British Army in the preliminaries and early days of the Battle of the Somme (1 July – 18 November 1916).
 The film had its première in London on 10 August 1916 and was released generally on 21 August.
 The film depicts trench warfare, marching infantry, artillery firing on German positions, British troops waiting to attack on 1 July, treatment of wounded British and German soldiers, British and German dead and captured German equipment and positions.
 A scene during which British troops crouch in a ditch then "go over the top" was staged for the camera behind the lines.
The Battle of Amstetten was a minor engagement during the War of the Third Coalition between the First French Empire and the alliance of Austria and Russia.
 It occurred on 5 November 1805, when the retreating Russo-Austrian troops, led by Mikhail Kutuzov, were intercepted by Marshal Joachim Murat's cavalry and a portion of Marshal Jean Lannes' corps.
 Pyotr Bagration defended against the advancing French troops and allowed the Russian troops to retreat.
 This was the first fight in which a major part of the Russian Army opposed a significant number of French troops in the open.
 The total number of Russo-Austrian troops was around 6,700, while the French troops numbered roughly 10,000 troops.
 The Russo-Austrian forces suffered more casualties but were still able to successfully retreat.
The Battle of Dinant was an engagement fought by French and German forces in and around the Belgian town of Dinant during the First World War during the German invasion of Belgium.
 The French Fifth Army and the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) advanced into Belgium and fought the Battle of Charleroi (21–23 August) and Battle of Mons (23 August), from the Meuse crossings in the east, to Mons in the west.
 On 15 August 1914, German troops captured the Citadel of Dinant overlooking the town until it was recaptured by a French counter-attack during the afternoon.
 French troops spent the next few days fortifying the Meuse crossings and exchanging fire with German troops on the east bank.
Operations on the Ancre took place from 11 January – 13 March 1917, between the British Fifth Army and the German 1st Army, on the Somme front during the First World War.
 After the Battle of the Ancre (13–18 November 1916), British attacks on the Somme front stopped for the winter.
 For the rest of the year and early January 1917, both sides were reduced to surviving the rain, snow, fog, mud fields, waterlogged trenches and shell-holes.
 As preparations for the offensive at Arras due in the spring of 1917 continued, the British attempted to keep German attention on the Somme.
 The Fifth Army was instructed by Field Marshal Sir Douglas Haig to prepare systematic attacks to capture portions of the German defences.
 Short advances could progressively uncover the remaining German positions in the Ancre valley, threaten the German hold on the village of Serre to the north and expose German positions beyond to ground observation.
 Artillery-fire could be directed with greater accuracy by ground observers and make overlooked German defences untenable.
