Coloman the Learned, also the Book-Lover or the Bookish (Hungarian: "Könyves Kálmán" ; Croatian: "Koloman" ; Slovak: "Koloman Učený" ; 10703February 1116) was King of Hungary from 1095 and King of Croatia from 1097 until his death.
 Because Coloman and his younger brother Álmos were underage when their father King Géza I of Hungary died, their uncle LadislausI ascended the throne in 1077.
 Ladislaus prepared Colomanwho was "half-blind and humpbacked", according to late medieval Hungarian chroniclesfor a church career, and Coloman was eventually appointed bishop of Eger or Várad (Oradea, Romania) in the early 1090s.
 The dying King Ladislaus preferred Álmos to Coloman when nominating his heir in early 1095.
 Coloman fled from Hungary but returned around 19 July 1095 when his uncle died.
 He was crowned in early 1096; the circumstances of his accession to the throne are unknown.
 He granted the Hungarian Duchyone-third of the Kingdom of Hungaryto Álmos.
Sen Soulintha, Saen Surintha or Sen Sourintha (1511–1582) was born Chane Tian and became King of Lan Xang reigning 1571-1575 and again 1580-1582.
 Sen Soulintha was not of noble birth, rising from royal page to King Setthatirath’s Chief Minister.
 During the succession disputes in the Kingdom of Lan Na between King Setthatirath and King Mekuti, Sen Soulintha served Setthatirath as a general and successfully took several cities of Lan Na including Chiang Saen for which he was given the honorific name "Lusai" meaning “victory.”
 Sen Soulintha supported Setthatirath in leading the guerrilla campaigns during the Burmese invasions of King Bayinnaung.
 When Setthatirath died near Attapeu under suspicious circumstances in 1572, Sen Soulintha led the armies of Lan Xang back to Vientiane.
 A succession dispute erupted, which nearly led to civil war and provided a pretext for another Burmese invasion ordered by Bayinnaung and led by the Chief Minister Binnya Dala.
 Sen Soulintha defeated the Burmese and Lan Na forces led by Binnya Dala, an event which led to the latter’s exile, only to face a more massive invasion led by Bayinnaug the following year.
 Sen Soulintha again attempted to resort to guerilla tactics, but lacked popular support from his seizure of the throne.
 He and his son Ong Lo (Nakhon Noi) were captured by Bayinnaung and exiled to Pegu.
 The Burmese placed Setthathirath’s brother, and former "Ouphahat" or Viceroy, Prince Tha Heua on the throne.
 According to the Luang Prabang chronicles it was this brother, who had led a rebellion in Luang Prabang and tried to seize the throne from Setthathirath on the death of their father Photisarath.
 Prince Tha Heua took the regnal name Voravongsa and reigned under Burmese suzerainty from 1575-1579.
 Voravongsa was never popular, and drowned with his family while attempting to flee Vientiane in the face of popular uprising.
 In 1579, Bayinnaung dispatched a sizable army to restore order.
 According to Lao histories Sen Soulintha was then installed as king a second time in 1580.
 By that time Sen Soulintha was an old man and reigned only for two years before his son ascended the throne as Nakhon Noi and another succession dispute ensued.
Coenwulf (also spelled Cenwulf, Kenulf, or Kenwulph) was King of Mercia from December 796 until his death in 821.
 He was a descendant of a sibling of King Penda, who had ruled Mercia in the middle of the 7th century.
 He succeeded Ecgfrith, the son of Offa; Ecgfrith only reigned for five months, and Coenwulf ascended to the throne in the same year that Offa died.
 In the early years of Coenwulf's reign he had to deal with a revolt in Kent, which had been under Offa's control.
 Eadberht Præn returned from exile in Francia to claim the Kentish throne, and Coenwulf was forced to wait for papal support before he could intervene.
 When Pope Leo agreed to anathematize Eadberht, Coenwulf invaded and retook the kingdom; Eadberht was taken prisoner, was blinded, and had his hands cut off.
 Coenwulf also appears to have lost control of the kingdom of East Anglia during the early part of his reign, as an independent coinage appears under King Eadwald.
 Coenwulf's coinage reappears in 805, indicating that the kingdom was again under Mercian control.
 Several campaigns of Coenwulf's against the Welsh are recorded, but only one conflict with Northumbria, in 801, though it is likely that Coenwulf continued to support the opponents of the Northumbrian king Eardwulf.
Swaziland is an absolute monarchy with constitutional provisions and Swazi law and Custom.
 The head of state is the king or "Ngwenyama" (lit.
 "Lion"), currently King Mswati III, who ascended to the throne in 1986 after the death of his father King Sobhuza II in 1982 and a period of regency.
 According to the constitution of Swaziland, the King and Ingwenyama is a symbol of unity and the eternity of the Swazi nation.
 By tradition, the king reigns along with his mother or a ritual substitute, the "Ndlovukati" (lit.
 "She-Elephant").
 The former was viewed as the administrative head of state and the latter as a spiritual and national head of state, with real power counterbalancing that of the king, but during the long reign of Sobhuza II the role of the "Ndlovukati" became more symbolic.
 The king appoints the prime minister from the legislature and also appoints a minority of legislators to both chambers of Libandla (parliament), with help from an advisory council.
 The king is allowed by the constitution to appoint some members to parliament for special interests.
 These special interests are citizens who might have been left out by the electorate during the course of elections or did not enter as candidates.
 This is done to balance views in parliament.
 Special interests could be people of gender, race, disability, business community, civic society, scholars, chiefs and so on.
 The Senate consists of 30 members, of which some are appointed by the king on recommendation of the advisory council and others elected by the lower house.
 The House of Assembly has 65 seats, 55 of which are occupied by elected representatives from the 55 constituencies around the country, 10 appointed by the king on recommendation of the advisory council and the attorney general is the ex-officio member.
 Elections are held every five years.
Parakrama Pandyan I was a Pandyan king of Tamilakkam, ruling from the Pandyan capital in Madurai.
 He was besieged in a Pandyan war by his contemporary, rival and throne claimant Kulasekhara Pandyan in 1169, a vassal of the Chola Dynasty.
 Parakrama Pandyan I sought assistance from the Ceylonese king Parakramabahu I of Polonnaruwa but was subsequently executed.
 Kulasekhara Pandyan ascended to the Madurai throne but was eventually forced to seek refuge in Chola country in 1171.
 Parakrama Pandyan I's son Vira Pandyan III ascended on the Pandyan throne before he was defeated by Chola forces.
 In 1212 CE a succeeding namesake royal of the dynasty, Parakrama Pandyan II invaded Ceylon and became monarch at Polonnaruwa for three years with the title Parakrama Pandya of Polonnaruwa.
Minhlange (Burmese: မင်းလှငယ် , ] ; 1418–1425) was king of Ava for about three months in 1425.
 Minhlange ascended to the throne in August 1425 after his father King Thihathu had been killed in an ambush by raiders from the Shan State of Hsipaw (Thibaw).
 He was only about seven years old.
 The ambush was arranged by Thihathu's powerful queen Shin Bo-Me who wanted to place her lover, Kale Kyetaungnyo, the Saopha of Kale, on the throne.
 About three months later, Shin Bo-Me poisoned the young king in early November 1425 and made Kyetaungnyo king a few days later.
Somdet Phra Ramesuan (Thai: สมเด็จพระราเมศวร ) (1339–1395), son of king Ramathibodi I, reigned as the second and fifth king of the kingdom of Ayutthaya.
 When King Ramathibodi ascended to the throne of Ayuthaya, he sent King Ramesuan to reign in Lavo.
 Upon King Ramathibodi's death in 1369, King Ramesuan traveled to Ayutthaya to assume the throne, but held it for less than a year before being deposed by his uncle, King Borommaracha I, the ruler of Suphanburi.
 Sources differ over the nature of their conflict; official chronicles state that the older Boromaracha ruled with the willing consent of his nephew, while Jeremias van Vliet's "Short History of Thailand" indicated that Boromaracha's ascension came only after a bloody conflict bordering on civil war.
Martanda Cinkaiariyan (Tamil: மார்த்தாண்ட சிங்கையாரியன் ) (died 1348) ascended the throne of Jaffna Kingdom under the throne name Pararasasekaram III.
 He is one of the early Aryacakravarti kings about whom historical and epigraphical evidence is available.
 He was noted by Ibn Battuta in his well-known travelogue as well as he has left behind a few inscriptions.
 He oversaw the international trade of the Jaffna kingdom with Yemen via the kingdom's powerful trading ships.
 Martanda Cinkaiariyan accompanied Battuta to the peak of "Sivanoli Padam Malai" along with Yogis and other Hindus and companions of the king who visited the sacred Shiva site annually.
Lü Buwei (291–235 BC) was a politician of the Qin state in the Warring States period of ancient China.
 Originally an influential merchant from the Wey (衛) state, Lü Buwei met and befriended King Zhuangxiang of Qin, who was then a minor prince serving as a hostage in the Zhao state.
 Through bribes and machinations, Lü Buwei succeeded in helping King Zhuangxiang become the heir apparent to the Qin throne.
 In 249 BC, after King Zhuangxiang ascended the throne following the death of his father, King Xiaowen, he appointed Lü Buwei as his chancellor (相國) and ennobled him as "Marquis Wenxin" (文信侯).
 After King Zhuangxiang's death in 247 BC, Lü Buwei became the chancellor and regent to King Zhuangxiang's young son, Ying Zheng, who later became Qin Shi Huang (First Emperor of the Qin Dynasty).
Harald V (] ; born 21 February 1937) is the King of Norway, having ascended the throne following the death of his father on 17 January 1991.
