The O.K. Corral hearing and aftermath was the direct result of the 30-second Gunfight at the O.K. Corral in Tombstone, Arizona Territory on October 26, 1881.
 During that confrontation, Deputy U.S. Marshal and Tombstone Town Marshal Virgil Earp, Assistant Town Marshal Morgan Earp, and temporary deputy marshals Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday shot and killed Billy Clanton, and Tom and Frank McLaury.
 Billy's brother Ike, who had repeatedly threatened to kill the Earps for some time, had been present at the gunfight but was unarmed and fled.
 He filed murder charges against the Earps and Doc Holliday on October 30.
James Riley (1853-?)
 was a young man from Kansas who, on August 19, 1871 was the deciding factor in a little-known but deadly gunfight, which became known as the Gunfight at Hide Park, that took place in Newton, Kansas.
 The gunfight, despite being lesser known than either the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral or the Four Dead in Five Seconds Gunfight, resulted in more dead.
The Gunfight at the O.K. Corral was a 30-second shootout between lawmen and members of a loosely organized group of outlaws called the Cowboys that took place at about 3:00 p.m. on Wednesday, October 26, 1881 in Tombstone, Arizona Territory.
 It is generally regarded as the most famous shootout in the history of the American Wild West.
 The gunfight was the result of a long-simmering feud, with Cowboys Billy Claiborne, Ike and Billy Clanton, and Tom and Frank McLaury on one side and town Marshal Virgil Earp, Special Policeman Morgan Earp, Special Policeman Wyatt Earp, and temporary policeman Doc Holliday on the other side.
 All three Earp brothers had been the target of repeated death threats made by the Cowboys, who objected to the Earps' interference in their illegal activities.
 Billy Clanton and both McLaury brothers were killed.
 Ike Clanton claimed that he was unarmed and ran from the fight, along with Billy Claiborne.
 Virgil, Morgan, and Doc Holliday were wounded, but Wyatt Earp was unharmed.
 The shootout has come to represent a period of the American Old West when the frontier was virtually an open range for outlaws, largely unopposed by law enforcement officers who were spread thin over vast territories.
Newman Haynes Clanton (c. 1816 - August 13, 1881), also known as "Old Man" Clanton, was a cattle rancher and father of four grown sons, one of whom was killed during the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral.
 Two of his sons were involved in multiple conflicts in Cochise County, Arizona Territory including stagecoach robbery and cattle rustling.
 His son Ike Clanton was identified by one witness as a participant in the murder of Morgan Earp.
 Billy Clanton and Ike were both present at the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral in which Billy was killed.
 "Old Man" Clanton was reportedly involved with stealing cattle from Mexican ranchers and re-selling them in the United States.
 Records indicate he participated in the Skeleton Canyon Massacre of Mexican smugglers.
 In retaliation, Mexican Rurales are reported to have ambushed and killed him and a crew of Cowboys in the Guadalupe Canyon Massacre.
Hour of the Gun is a 1967 Western film depicting Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday during their 1881 battles against Ike Clanton and his brothers in the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, and the gunfight's aftermath in and around Tombstone, Arizona, starring James Garner as Earp, Jason Robards as Holliday, and Robert Ryan as Clanton.
 The movie was directed by John Sturges.
Morgan Seth Earp (April 24, 1851 – March 18, 1882) was a Tombstone, Arizona Special Policeman when he helped his brothers Virgil and Wyatt and Doc Holliday confront outlaw Cowboys in the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral on October 26, 1881.
 All three Earp brothers had been the target of repeated death threats made by the Cowboys who were upset by the Earps' interference in their illegal activities.
 The lawmen killed Cowboys Tom and Frank McLaury and Billy Clanton.
 All four lawmen were charged with murder by Billy's older brother, Ike Clanton, who had run from the gunfight.
 During a month-long preliminary hearing, Judge Wells Spicer exonerated the men, concluding they had been performing their duty.
John Henry "Doc" Holliday (August 14, 1851 – November 8, 1887) was an American gambler, gunfighter, and dentist, and a good friend of Wyatt Earp.
 He is best known for his role as a temporary deputy marshal in the events leading up to and following the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral.
Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 – November 12, 1923) was an American lawyer and politician.
 He defended President Brigham Young of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and other church leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
 He also successfully defended Virgil, Morgan, and Wyatt Earp along with Doc Holliday when they were accused of murdering Billy Clanton, and Tom and Frank McLaury during the October 25, 1881 Gunfight at the O.K. Corral.
Tombstone Historic District is a historic district in Tombstone, Arizona that is significant for its association with the struggle between lawlessness and civility in frontier towns of the wild west.
 Located within the historic district is the legendary O.K. Corral associated with the famous Gunfight at the O.K. Corral that actually took place on Fremont Street, near the back entrance to the O.K. Corral, on October 26, 1881.
 The district was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
Virgil Walter Earp (July 18, 1843 – October 19, 1905) was both deputy U.S. marshal and Tombstone, Arizona City Marshal when he led his brothers Morgan and Wyatt and Doc Holliday in a confrontation with outlaw Cowboys at the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral on October 26, 1881.
 They killed brothers Tom and Frank McLaury and Billy Clanton.
 All three Earp brothers had been the target of repeated death threats made by the Cowboys who were upset by the Earps' interference in their illegal activities.
 All four lawmen were charged with murder by Ike Clanton, who had run from the gunfight.
 During a month-long preliminary hearing, Judge Wells Spicer exonerated the men, concluding they had been performing their duty.
