30 Minutes or Less is a 2011 American action comedy film directed by Ruben Fleischer starring Jesse Eisenberg, Danny McBride, Aziz Ansari and Nick Swardson.
 It is produced by Columbia Pictures and funded by Media Rights Capital.
The Double is a 2013 British black comedy thriller film written and directed by Richard Ayoade and starring Jesse Eisenberg and Mia Wasikowska.
 The film is based on the novella "The Double" by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
 It is about a man driven to breakdown when he is usurped by a doppelgänger.
 The film was produced by Alcove Entertainment, with Michael Caine, Graeme Cox (Attercop), Tessa Ross (Film4) and Nigel Williams as executive producers.
Sincerely Charlotte (French: "Signé Charlotte" ) is a 1985 French drama film directed by Caroline Huppert and starring Isabelle Huppert.
Nima Nourizadeh (Persian: نیما نوری‌زاده‎ ‎ ; born 12 November 1977) is an Iranian-British film director, music video director, and commercial director.
 His debut film is "Project X", released in March 2012.
 Prior to making "Project X", he directed music videos for Dizzee Rascal, Pink Grease, Franz Ferdinand, Bat for Lashes, Santigold, Hot Chip, Yelle and Lily Allen.
 He also directed advertisements for Adidas.
 Nourizadeh is the son of political activist Alireza Nourizadeh and his siblings are electronic music producers Omid 16B and Navid.
 His second film was the 2015 action comedy "American Ultra", starring Jesse Eisenberg, Kristen Stewart, Connie Britton, John Leguizamo, and Topher Grace.
The Education of Charlie Banks is a 2007 drama film directed by Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst, produced by Straight Up Film's Marisa Polvino and starring Jesse Eisenberg, Jason Ritter, Eva Amurri, Gloria Votsis, and Chris Marquette.
 It had its world premiere at the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival, where it won the Made in NY Narrative Award given to the best narrative film made in New York City.
 It is Durst's directorial debut.
Adventureland is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Greg Mottola, starring Jesse Eisenberg and Kristen Stewart and co-starring Ryan Reynolds, Kristen Wiig, Bill Hader, Martin Starr, and Margarita Levieva.
 The film is set in the summer of 1987 when recent college grad James Brennan (Jesse Eisenberg) is making big plans to tour Europe and attend graduate school in pursuit of a career in journalism.
 However, financial problems force him to look for a summer job instead of traveling abroad, which places him at Adventureland, a run-down amusement park in western Pennsylvania.
 There he meets Emily Lewin (Kristen Stewart), a co-worker with whom he develops a quick rapport and relationship.
Night Moves is a 2013 American drama film directed by Kelly Reichardt and written by Reichardt and Jonathan Raymond, starring Jesse Eisenberg, Dakota Fanning, Peter Sarsgaard, Alia Shawkat, and James LeGros.
 The film follows three radical environmentalists who plot to blow up a dam.
 It was shown in the main competition section of the 70th Venice International Film Festival, at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and at 2013 Deauville American Film Festival, where it won Grand Prix of the festival.
Holy Rollers is a 2010 independent film written by Antonio Macia, directed by Kevin Asch, and starring Jesse Eisenberg, Justin Bartha, Ari Graynor, Danny Abeckaser, Q-Tip and Jason Fuchs.
 "Holy Rollers" is inspired by actual events in the late nineties when Hasidic Jews were recruited as mules to smuggle ecstasy from Europe into the United States.
The Art of Self-Defense is an upcoming dark comedy film starring Jesse Eisenberg, Imogen Poots, and Alessandro Nivola, written and directed by Riley Stearns.
Louder Than Bombs is a 2015 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Joachim Trier, and co-written with Eskil Vogt.
 The film stars Jesse Eisenberg, Gabriel Byrne, Isabelle Huppert, David Strathairn, and Amy Ryan.
