Danish modern is a style of minimalist furniture and housewares from Denmark associated with the Danish design movement.
 In the 1920s, Kaare Klint embraced the principles of Bauhaus modernism in furniture design, creating clean, pure lines based on an understanding of classical furniture craftsmanship coupled with careful research into materials, proportions and the requirements of the human body.
 With designers such as Arne Jacobsen and Hans Wegner and associated cabinetmakers, Danish furniture thrived from the 1940s through the 1960s.
 Adopting mass-production techniques and concentrating on form rather than just function, Finn Juhl contributed to the style's success.
 Danish housewares adopting a similar minimalist design such as cutlery and trays of teak and stainless steel and dinnerware such as those produced in Denmark for Dansk in its early years, expanded the Danish modern aesthetic beyond furniture.
Ross F. Littell (July 14, 1924 - April 17, 2000) was an American textile and furniture designer known for his practical, innovative, and minimalist style as part of the Good Design movement of the 1950s.
 His three-legged T-chair, designed in 1952 with William Katavolos and Douglas Kelley, is part of the permanent collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Museum of Modern Art in New York, along with the Art Institute of Chicago.
Bernt Petersen (1937 – 6 March 2017), often known simply as Bernt, was a Danish furniture designer.
 Trained as a cabinetmaker (1957), he attended Denmark's Design School, graduating in 1960.
 He then worked for Molibia and Hans J. Wegner before opening his own studio in 1963.
 He taught at Denmark's Design School (1973–78) and was lector at the Royal Danish Academy's Furniture School (1978–85).
 Bernt's furniture designs were mainly in light wood such as ash and beech.
 Some of his pieces have been used in theaters and concert halls in towns throughout Denmark.
 Petersen was recognized for his simple style which is suitable for industrial production.
 He died on 6 March 2017 at the age of 79.
Grete Juel Jalk (1920–2006) was a Danish furniture designer.
 From the 1960s, she did much to enhance Denmark's reputation for modern furniture design with her clear, comfortable lines.
 She also edited the Danish magazine "Mobilia" and compiled a four-volume work on Danish furniture.
Ole Wanscher (September 16, 1903 – December 27, 1985) was a Danish furniture designer.
 He was one of the leading figures in the Scandinavian Design movement (a part of Mid-Century Modernism), at a time when Scandinavian Design achieved worldwide popularity.
Kaare Klint (15 December 1888 – 28 March 1954) was a Danish architect and furniture designer, known as the father of modern Danish furniture design.
 Style was epitomized by clean, pure lines, use of the best materials of his time and superb craftsmanship.
A lyre arm is an element of design in furniture, architecture or the decorative arts, wherein a shape is employed to emulate the geometry of a lyre; the original design of this element is from the Classical Greek period, simply reflecting the stylistic design of the musical instrument.
 One of the earliest uses extant of the lyre design in the Christian era is a 6th-century AD gravestone with lyre design in double volute form.
 In a furniture context, the design is often associated with a scrolling effect of the arms of a chair or sofa.
 The lyre arm design arises in many periods of furniture, including Neoclassical schools and in particular the American Federal Period and the Victorian era.
 Well known designers who employed this stylistic element include the noted New York City furniture designer Duncan Phyfe.
Preben Juul Fabricius (1931–1984) was a Danish furniture designer who worked together with Jørgen Kastholm.
 During the 1960s, the pair designed a wide range of pieces for the German Alfred Kill who had a furniture factory in Fellbach near Stuttgart.
Hans Jørgensen Wegner, (April 2, 1914 – January 26, 2007), was a world-renowned Danish furniture designer.
 His high quality and thoughtful work, along with a concerted effort from several of his manufacturers, contributed to the international popularity of mid-century Danish design.
 His style is often described as Organic Functionality, a modernist school with emphasis on functionality.
 This school of thought arose primarily in Scandinavian countries with contributions by Poul Henningsen, Alvar Aalto, and Arne Jacobsen.
 In his lifetime he designed over 500 different chairs, over 100 of which were put into mass production and many of which have become recognizable design icons.
The Good Design movement was an artistic movement or design concept that originated in the 1930s, but took form principally in the United States immediately after the Second World War.
 Designs made under the influence of Good Design include buildings and furniture, but also everyday objects such as kitchen implements, household objects and garden tools.
 Names associated with the movement include Charles and Ray Eames, László Moholy-Nagy and Hans Wegner,
