Crown Holdings Incorporated, formerly Crown Cork & Seal Company, is an American company that makes metal beverage and food cans, metal aerosol containers, metal closures and specialty packing.
 Founded in 1892, it is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 As of December 2012, Crown employs 21,900 people at 149 plants in 41 countries.
 It claims to manufacture one out of every five beverage cans used in the world, and one out of every three food cans used in North America and Europe.
 The company is ranked No. 296 in the Fortune 500 list for 2012 and is number one in the packaging and container industry for the same list.
The University of Pennsylvania Band (commonly known as the Penn Band, or its vaudeville-esque performance name The Huge, the Enormous, the Well-Endowed, Undefeated, Ivy-League Champion, University of Pennsylvania Oxymoronic Fighting Quaker Marching Band) is among the most active collegiate band programs in the U.S.
 The organization is a part of the Department of Athletics at the University of Pennsylvania.
 Like most of the other 50 performing arts groups on the Penn Campus, it has no affiliation with any academic department and is sponsored by the Vice Provost's Office for Undergraduate Life.
 Typically ranging between 80 and 100 members every year, it is among the largest and most active student-run organizations on campus, performing upwards of 60 times during the academic year.
 Like most of the Ivy League Bands, the Penn Band is a scramble band.
Canned fish are fish which have been processed, sealed in an airtight container such as a sealed tin can, and subjected to heat.
 Canning is a method of preserving food, and provides a typical shelf life ranging from one to five years.
Title 11 of the United States Code sets forth the statutes governing the various types of relief for bankruptcy in the United States.
 Chapter 13 of the United States Bankruptcy Code provides an individual the opportunity to propose a plan of reorganization to reorganize their financial affairs while under the bankruptcy court's protection.
 The purpose of chapter 13 is to enable an individual with a regular source of income to propose a chapter 13 plan that provides for their various classes of creditors.
 Under chapter 13, the Bankruptcy Court has the power to approve a chapter 13 plan without the approval of creditors as long as it meets the statutory requirements under chapter 13.
 Chapter 13 plans are usually three to five years in length and may not exceed five years.
 Chapter 13 is in contrast to the purpose of Chapter 7, which does not provide for a plan of reorganization, but provides for the discharge of certain debt and the liquidation of non-exempt property.
 A Chapter 13 plan may be looked at as a form of debt consolidation, but a Chapter 13 allows a person to achieve much more than simply consolidating his or her unsecured debt such as credit cards and personal loans.
 A chapter 13 plan may provide for the three general categories of debt: priority claims, secured claims, priority unsecured claims, and general unsecured claims.
 Chapter 13 plans are often used to cure arrearages on a mortgage, avoid "underwater" junior mortgages or other liens, pay back taxes over time, or partially repay general unsecured debt.
 In recent years, some bankruptcy courts have allowed Chapter 13 to be used as a platform to expedite a mortgage modification application.
In the Buddha's first discourse he identifies craving ("tanha") as the cause of suffering ("dukkha").
 He then identifies three objects of craving: the craving for existence; the craving for non-existence and the craving for sense pleasures ("kama"). "
Kama" is identified as one of five hindrances to the attainment of "jhana" according to the Buddha's teaching.
 Throughout the Sutta Pitaka the Buddha often compares sexual pleasure to arrows or darts.
 So in the "Kama Sutta" from the "Sutta Nipata" the Buddha explains that craving sexual pleasure is a cause of suffering.
Cyanoacrylates are a family of strong fast-acting adhesives with industrial, medical, and household uses.
 Cyanoacrylate adhesives have a short shelf life if not used, about one year from manufacture if unopened, and one month once opened.
 They have some minor toxicity.
Kinetic Monte Carlo (KMC) is a form of computer simulation in which atoms and molecules are allowed to interact at given rate that could be controlled based on known physics.
 This simulation method is typically used in the micro-electrical industry to study crystal surface growth, and it can provide accurate models surface morphology in different growth conditions on a time scales typically ranging from micro-seconds to hours.
 Experimental methods such as Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM), X-ray diffraction, and Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM), and other computer simulation methods such as Molecular Dynamics (MD), and Monte Carlo (MC) simulation are widely used.
Canning is a method of preserving food in which the food contents are processed and sealed in an airtight container.
 Canning provides a shelf life typically ranging from one to five years, although under specific circumstances it can be much longer.
 A freeze-dried canned product, such as canned dried lentils, could last as long as 30 years in an edible state.
 In 1974, samples of canned food from the wreck of the "Bertrand", a steamboat that sank in the Missouri River in 1865, were tested by the National Food Processors Association.
 Although appearance, smell and vitamin content had deteriorated, there was no trace of microbial growth and the 109-year-old food was determined to be still safe to eat.
Confidence Group of Companies Limited (also referred to as Confidence Group) is a Bangladeshi company, involved in manufacturing mid-tech manufacturing engineering products.
 The conglomerate commenced its operation in 1991 with cement manufacture, and is involved with power generation and the manufacture of Spun Pre-stressed Concrete (SPC) poles.
 Presently , the conglomerate claims to consist of 8 operational business entities.
 In the year 2011, the company claims that total revenues grossed to over 7.5 Billion Takas (roughly 100 million Dollars).
Shelf Life is a 2004 young adult novel by Robert Corbet.
 The book was first published in Australia on June 1, 2004 through Allen & Unwin and focuses on the workers of an unnamed supermarket.
 "Shelf Life" was nominated as one of the CBCA's ""Notable Books of 2005"" in the "Older Readers" category.
