The America the Beautiful Silver Bullion Coins comprise a series of silver bullion coins with a face value of a quarter dollar.
 The coins contain five troy ounces of silver, making them the largest silver bullion coins ever issued by the United States Mint.
 The design of the coins duplicates exactly—though enlarged—each of the America the Beautiful Quarters.
 They have been issued since 2010 and will continue to be issued until at least 2021.
 The coins are available for sale during the year in which their corresponding circulating coin is issued.
 The coins are distributed by the United States Mint's network of authorized bullion dealers, and may be resold at the discretion of the Director of the National Park Service.
The dollar was the currency of Nevis until 1830.
 The currency consisted of counterstamped Spanish and French colonial coins.
 The dollar was subdivided into 72 "black dogs", each of 1½ pence.
 Around 1801, coins were issued for 1, 4, 6, 7 and 9 black dogs with the word "Nevis" and the denomination stamped on them.
 The 1 black dog coins were countermarked on French Guianan 2 sous, whilst the 9 black dogs were made from Spanish colonial 1 real coins.
 In 1830, sterling was established as the official currency of the island.
In 1820, in response to a request from the British colony of Mauritius, the imperial government in London struck silver coins in the denominations of ⁄ , ⁄ , and ⁄ dollars.
 The dollar unit in question was equivalent to the Spanish dollar and these fractional coins were known as 'Anchor Dollars' because of the anchor that appeared on them.
 More of these anchor dollars were struck in 1822 and not only for Mauritius but also for the British West Indies.
 In addition to this, a ⁄ dollar anchor coin was struck for Mauritius.
 A year or two later, copper dollar fractions were struck for Mauritius, the British West Indies, and Sierra Leone.
The United States Bicentennial coinage was a set of circulating commemorative coins, consisting of a quarter, half dollar and dollar struck by the United States Mint in 1975 and 1976.
 Regardless of when struck, each coin bears the double date 1776–1976 on the normal obverses for the Washington quarter, Kennedy half dollar and Eisenhower dollar.
 No coins dated 1975 of any of the three denominations were minted.
The dollar coin is a United States coin worth one United States dollar.
 It is the third largest American coin currently minted in terms of physical size, with a diameter of 1.043 inches (26.5 mm) and a thickness of .079 inches (2 mm), coming second to the half dollar.
 Dollar coins have been minted in the United States in gold, silver, and base metal versions.
 Dollar coins were first minted in the United States in 1794.
 The term silver dollar is often used for any large white metal coin issued by the United States with a face value of one dollar, whether or not it contains some of that metal.
 While true gold dollars are no longer minted, the Sacagawea and Presidential dollars are sometimes referred to as golden dollars due to their color.
Cash was a type of coin of China and East Asia from the 4th century BC until the 20th century AD.
 Originally cast during the Warring States period these coins continued to be used for the entirety of Imperial China as well as under Mongol, and Manchu rule, the last Chinese cash coins were cast in the first year of the Republic of China.
 Generally most cash coins were made from copper or bronze alloys with iron, lead, and zinc coins occasionally appearing on a more uncommon basis throughout Chinese history, with rare silver, and gold cash coins appearing as well.
 During most of their production cash coins were cast but during the late Qing dynasty machine-struck cash coins began to be made.
 In the modern era these coins are now considered to be Chinese “good luck coins” and are used by hanging these coins round the necks of children, or over the beds of sick people, and hold a place in various other superstitions, as well as Traditional Chinese medicine, and Feng shui.
 Currencies based on the Chinese cash coins include the Japanese mon, Korean mun, Ryukyuan mon, and Vietnamese văn.
The Kalākaua coinage was a set of silver coins of the Kingdom of Hawaii dated 1883, authorized to boost Hawaiian pride by giving the kingdom its own money.
 They were designed by Charles E. Barber, Chief Engraver of the United States Bureau of the Mint, and were struck at the San Francisco Mint.
 The issued coins are a dime (ten-cent piece), quarter dollar, half dollar, and dollar.
Setu coins or Setu bull coins are found in large quantities in the northern part of Sri Lanka and in Southern India.
 Codrington in his book "Ceylon Coins and Currency" published in 1924 and Mitchiner in his book "Oriental Coins" published in 1978 have clearly pointed out that the traditional design of Sri Lanka standing King Type Copper Massa (coins) of the Jaffna Kingdoms belongs to the Aryacakravarti dynasty from 1284 AD to 1410 AD.
 Setu coins were previously attributed to the Setupati Princes of Ramanathapuram in South India.
 There are two series one in the issued from the 13th to the 15th centuries and the other after the brief loss of sovereignty to the rival Kotte kingdom from 1450 to 1467 and reconstitution of the Kingdom.
 Even during the rule of Sapumal Kumaraya coins were issued in Jaffna that was distinct.
 Three types of this series are illustrated below.
 The obverse of these coins have a human figure flanked by lamps and the reverse has the Nandi (bull) symbol, the legend "Sethu" in Tamil with a crescent moon above.
Coins of the United States dollar were first minted in 1792.
 New coins have been produced annually since then and they make up a valuable aspect of the United States currency system.
 Today, circulating coins exist in denominations of 1¢ (i.e. 1 cent or $0.01), 5¢, 10¢, 25¢, 50¢, and $1.00.
 Also minted are bullion (including gold, silver and platinum) and commemorative coins.
 All of these are produced by the United States Mint.
 The coins are then sold to Federal Reserve Banks which in turn are responsible for putting coins into circulation and withdrawing them as demanded by the country's economy.
The dollar is the currency of Tuvalu.
 From 1966 to 1976, Tuvalu officially used the Australian dollar.
 In 1976, Tuvalu began issuing its own coins for circulation, although these circulate alongside Australian coins and Tuvalu continues to use Australian banknotes.
 Similar to the Faroese króna's relationship to the Danish krone, the Tuvaluan dollar is not an independent currency, but a variation of the Australian Dollar.
 The official international currency code is TVD.
