Stachys the Apostle (Greek: Στάχυς "ear-spike"), was the second bishop of Byzantium, from AD 38 to AD 54.
 He seemed to be closely connected to Saint Andrew and Saint Paul.
 Eusebius quotes Origen as saying that Andrew had preached in Asia Minor and in Scythia, along the Black Sea as far as the Volga and Kiev, hence he became a patron saint of Romania and Russia.
 According to tradition, Saint Andrew founded the See of Byzantium in 38, installing Stachys as bishop (the only bishopric in that neighbourhood before that time had been established at Heraclea).
 This See would later develop into the Patriarchate of Constantinople, having Apostle Andrew as its Patron Saint.
 It was not clear if Stachys was the same person as the one Paul calls "dear" in the "Epistle to the Romans" (Rom.
 16:9).
A religious image is a work of visual art that is representational and has a religious purpose, subject or connection.
 All major historical religions have made some use of religious images, although their use is strictly controlled and often controversial in many religions, especially Abrahamic ones.
 General terms associated with religious images include cult image, a term for images, especially in sculpture which are or have been claimed to be the object of religious worship in their own right, and icon strictly a term for Eastern Orthodox religious images, but often used more widely, in and outside the area of religion.
Saint Eligius (also Eloy or Loye) (French: "Éloi" ) (c. 588 – 1 December 660) is the patron saint of goldsmiths, other metalworkers, and coin collectors.
 He is also the patron saint of veterinarians, the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME), a corps of the British Army, but he is best known for being the patron saint of horses and those who work with them.
 Eligius was chief counsellor to Dagobert I, Merovingian king of France.
 Appointed the bishop of Noyon-Tournai three years after the king's death in 642, Eligius worked for twenty years to convert the pagan population of Flanders to Christianity.
Castres (] ; "Castras" in the Languedocian dialect of Occitan) is a commune, and arrondissement capital in the Tarn department and Occitanie region in southern France.
 It lies in the former French province of Languedoc.
Saint Piran or Pyran (Cornish: Peran , Latin: "Piranus" ), died c. 480, was a 5th-century Cornish abbot and saint, supposedly of Irish origin.
 He is the patron saint of tin-miners, and is also generally regarded as the patron saint of Cornwall, although Saint Michael and Saint Petroc also have some claim to this title.
Saint Thorlak Thorhallsson (Old Norse: "Þorlákr Þórhallsson" ; Icelandic: "Þorlákur Þórhallsson" ; Latin: "Thorlacus" ; 1133 – December 23, 1193), also spelled Thorlac, is the patron saint of Iceland.
 He was bishop of Skalholt from 1178 until his death.
 Thorlac’s relics were translated to the cathedral of Skálholt in 1198, not long after his successor as bishop, Páll Jónsson, announced at the Althing that vows could be made to Thorlac.
 His status as a saint did not receive official recognition from the Catholic Church until January 14, 1984, when John Paul II canonized him and declared him the patron saint of Iceland.
 His feast day is December 23.
 He is currently being considered as a potential patron saint of people with autism and autism spectrum disabilities by a grassroots movement called the Mission of Saint Thorlak.
Adjutor (died April 30, 1131) is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.
 He was born in Vernon, France, where he was made a knight in the First Crusade.
 He is credited to be the patron saint of swimmers, boaters, and drowning victims, and the patron saint of Vernon, France.
 The stories given for his patronage of boaters vary.
 Some state that he was captured by Muslims in The Crusade, who tried to force him to abandon his faith, and when refusing, he escaped persecution by swimming.
 He swam back to France and entered the Abbey of Trion.
 There he became a recluse until his death of April 30.
After the expulsion of the Jews in 1492, the synagogue was seized by the authorities and converted into a hospital for people suffering from rabies (Hydrophobia) (Hospital Santo Quiteria).
 In 1588, the building was acquired by the shoemakers guild, who used it as a community center and small chapel, and changing the patron saint of the building to Santos Crispin-Crispian, the patron saint of shoemakers.
 It was declared a National Monument in 1885.
 Since then it has undergone several phases of the restoration including that of Felix Hernandez in 1929.
 In 1935, the Spanish authorities marked the eight-hundredth anniversary of Maimonides' birth by changing the name of the square in which the synagogue is located to Tiberias Square, honoring the great native-born philosopher, whom is buried in Tiberias.
 At this celebration the first Jewish prayer service in 443 years was held at the synagogue, openly and with full knowledge of the authorities.
 Another restoration was begun in 1977 for the reopening of the building in 1985 to celebrate the 850th anniversary of Maimonides birth.
Saint Moluag (c. 510–592; also known as "Lua", "Luan", "Luanus", "Lugaidh", "Moloag", "Molluog", "Molua", "Murlach", "Malew") was a Scottish missionary, and a contemporary of Saint Columba, who evangelized the Picts of Scotland in the sixth century.
 Saint Moluag was the patron saint of Argyll as evidenced by a charter in 1544, from the Earl of Argyll, which states "in honour of God Omnipotent, the blessed Virgin, and Saint Moloc, our patron".
 The House of Lorne became the kings of Dalriada and eventually united with the Picts to become the kings of Scots.
 Moluag was patron saint of the kings of Dalriada, was the apostle of the Picts, so is highly likely to have been the first patron saint of Scotland.
Castres Cathedral ("Cathédrale Saint-Benoît de Castres"), now the Roman Catholic church of Saint Benoît (Saint Benedict), is a historical religious building in Castres, Languedoc, France.
