Lapeer is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and is the county seat of Lapeer County.
 As of the 2010 census, the city population was 8,841.
 Most of the city was incorporated from land that was formerly in Lapeer Township, though portions were also annexed from Mayfield Township and Elba Township.
 The city government is politically independent of all three townships.
 Lapeer is in southern Michigan, east of Flint, on the Flint River.
 The name "Lapeer" is a corruption of the French "la pierre", which means "the flint".
 (See List of Michigan county name etymologies.)
Omeena County was a northwest Michigan county.
 It was set off and founded in 1840 from Michilimackinac County.
 Its seat was Wequetong, an Indian Camp on the west arm of the Grand Traverse Bay.
 In 1851, it was annexed to present-day Grand Traverse County, Michigan.
 Later, Wequetong was renamed Traverse City.
M-47 is a north–south state trunkline highway in the US state of Michigan.
 It runs near Saginaw and Midland in the Tri-Cities area of the Lower Peninsula.
 The highway runs through suburban and agricultural areas to connect the two cities with the airport in the area.
 The northernmost section of M-47 runs along a freeway to the terminus at US Highway 10 (US 10).
 M-47 runs for 14.328 mi , all of which has been listed as a part of the National Highway System.
Marginal Tietê (officially SP-015) is a section of this highway that runs through the city of São Paulo, Brazil.
 The name of this section comes from the fact that each way of the expressway runs near a different waterfront of the Tietê River.
 It is a very important road of São Paulo, connecting the East, North and West portions of the city, and linking the Lapa neighbourhood and the Penha neighbourhood.
 It provides access to the Castelo Branco highway, the Bandeirantes highway, the Anhangüera highway, the Presidente Dutra highway, the Fernão Dias highway, the Ayrton Senna highway and the São Paulo International Airport.
 The Campo de Marte Airport, the Estádio Parque São Jorge and the Estádio do Canindé are located near the freeway.
South Dakota Highway 40 (SD 40) is a state highway in southwest South Dakota.
 The highway is just over 37 mi long and runs from U.S. Route 16A (US 16A) in Keystone to Bureau of Indian Affairs Highway 41 in Red Shirt.
 The highway runs near Mount Rushmore National Memorial in Keystone, and its eastern terminus is on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation near the edge of Badlands National Park.
 SD 40 was established along its current route in 1976; the SD 40 designation was originally used on a highway that is now part of SD 44.
Manistee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 24,733.
 The county seat is Manistee.
 The name "Manistee" is from an Ojibwe word first applied to the principal river of the county.
 The derivation is not certain, but it may be from "ministigweyaa", "river with islands at its mouth".
 "See also", List of Michigan county name etymologies and Kaministiquia River.
U.S. Route 9 (US 9) is a U.S. highway in the northeast United States, running from Laurel, Delaware north to Champlain, New York.
 In New Jersey, the route runs 166.80 mi from the Cape May–Lewes Ferry terminal in North Cape May, Cape May County, where the ferry carries US 9 across the Delaware Bay to Lewes, Delaware, north to the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee, Bergen County, where the route along with Interstate 95 (I-95) and US 1 continue into New York City.
 US 9 is the longest U.S. highway in the state.
 From North Cape May north to Toms River in Ocean County, US 9 is mostly a two-lane undivided road that closely parallels the Garden State Parkway and runs near the Jersey Shore.
 Along this stretch, it passes through the communities of Rio Grande, Cape May Court House, Somers Point, Pleasantville, Absecon, Tuckerton, Manahawkin, and Beachwood.
 In the Toms River area, US 9 runs along the Garden State Parkway for a short distance before heading northwest away from it and the Jersey Shore into Lakewood Township.
 Upon entering Monmouth County, the route transitions into a multilane suburban divided highway and continues through Howell Township, Freehold Township, Manalapan Township, Marlboro Township, Old Bridge Township, Sayreville, and South Amboy.
 In Woodbridge Township, US 9 merges with US 1 and the two routes continue through northern New Jersey as US 1/9 to the George Washington Bridge.
County Road 492 (CR 492, Co.
 Rd. 492) is a primary county road in Marquette County, Michigan.
 The road serves as an alternate route between Negaunee and Marquette.
 Several historic sites line the roadway as it runs south and parallel to the main highway, U.S. Highway 41 (US 41) and M-28, through the Marquette Iron Range in Michigan's Upper Peninsula.
 The path of the road runs near tracks of the Lake Superior and Ishpeming Railroad (LS&I).
 The locally created Iron Ore Heritage Trail will follow CR 492 through Eagle Mills and Morgan Meadows upon completion.
 The western terminus of the county road is on US 41/M-28 in Negaunee and the eastern end is in Marquette next to Lake Superior.
Highway 316 is a highway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 It runs from Highway 16 near Clavet to Highway 5.
 Highway 316 is about 17 km (11 mi.)
 long.
 This area is an industrial commercial area along Highway #316 which extends from Clavet north to the PCS Patience Lake Mine which is just 10 miles from the city of Saskatoon.
 Highway 316 is a primary weight highway, and also runs near the Canadian National Railway line which goes from Saskatoon through Clavet.
 In 1941, the Canadian Pacific Railway ran from Saskatoon through Cheviot and on south eastward.
Saginaw County, officially the County of Saginaw, is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 200,169.
 The county seat is Saginaw.
 The county was created by September 10, 1822, and was fully organized on February 9, 1835.
 The etymology of the county's name is uncertain.
 It may be derived from "Sace-nong" or "Sak-e-nong" (English: Sauk land ), as the Sauk (French: "Sac" ) tribe once lived there.
 Another possibility is that it comes from Ojibwe words meaning "place of the outlet" –"sag" (English: an opening ) and "ong" (English: place of ).
 "See" List of Michigan county name etymologies.
