James Joseph Parsons (born March 24, 1973) is an American actor.
 He is known for playing Sheldon Cooper in the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".
 He has received several awards for his performance, including four Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series Musical or Comedy.
Macross Ace Frontier (マクロス エース フロンティア , makurosu ēsu furontia ) is a shooting game developed by Artdink for the PlayStation Portable.
 The game is based on Studio Nue's popular "Macross" series, one of which is known in the West as the first generation of "Robotech".
 It features original elements as well as characters, mechanics, episode plots and BGM borrowed from 1982's "The Super Dimension Fortress Macross" original TV series, the 1992 "Macross Plus" OVA series, the 1994 "Macross 7" TV series and the 2008 "Macross Frontier" TV series, as well as incorporating more elements from the 1984 "" feature film and the 2002 prequel OVA series "Macross Zero".
Euglossa bazinga is a euglossine bee species found in Brazil.
 It is named after the catchphrase of the fictional character Dr. Sheldon Cooper from the television show "The Big Bang Theory".
 It was previously misidentified as "Euglossa ignita", and is threatened with habitat loss.
Leonard Leakey Hofstadter, Ph.D., is a fictional character in the CBS television series "The Big Bang Theory", in which he is portrayed by actor Johnny Galecki.
 Leonard is an experimental physicist, who shares an apartment with colleague and best friend Dr. Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons).
 For his portrayal, Galecki was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award in 2011.
Margo Cathleen Harshman (born March 4, 1986) is an American actress known for her role as Tawny Dean on the Disney Channel series "Even Stevens".
 She is also known for her role on "The Big Bang Theory" as Sheldon Cooper's assistant, Alex Jensen, and as Delilah Fielding on "NCIS".
Young Sheldon (stylized as young Sheldon) is an American television sitcom on CBS created by Chuck Lorre and Steven Molaro.
 The series is a spin-off prequel to "The Big Bang Theory" and follows the character Sheldon Cooper at the age of 9, living with his family in East Texas and going to high school.
 Iain Armitage stars as young Sheldon, alongside Zoe Perry, Lance Barber, Montana Jordan, and Raegan Revord.
 Jim Parsons, who portrays an adult Sheldon Cooper on "The Big Bang Theory", narrates the series and serves as an executive producer.
Steven Molaro, also known as Steve Molaro, is an American television producer and writer.
 He has worked on such productions as "Freddie", "The Class", "Complete Savages" and the Dan Schneider-produced series "All That", "The Amanda Show", "What I Like About You", "Drake & Josh", "Zoey 101" and "iCarly".
 Since 2007, he has been a producer/writer on the sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".
, Molaro also co-created it's prequel spinoff, "Young Sheldon" with Chuck Lorre.
Sheldon Lee Cooper, Ph.D., Sc.D.
, is a fictional character in the CBS television series "The Big Bang Theory" and "Young Sheldon", portrayed by actor Jim Parsons in "The Big Bang Theory" and Iain Armitage in "Young Sheldon".
 For his portrayal, Parsons has won four Primetime Emmy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, a TCA Award, and two Critics' Choice Television Awards.
 The childhood of the character is the focus of "Young Sheldon", the show being set in 1989, when 9-year-old Sheldon, who has skipped ahead four grades, starts high school alongside his older brother.
Damon Dark is an independent public access TV series and web series from Australia about a heroic and obsessive investigator of UFO incidents and other strange cases, created by Australian writer, actor and film maker Adrian Sherlock.
 Damon James Dark became a dedicated alien investigator after a close encounter during his teenage years.
 He is associated with both the secret service and friendly aliens, including a character called Vincent Kosmos (an alien time traveller) and Trans-Dimensional Control (an alien law enforcement agency).
 The character of Damon Dark has appeared in a 5-week TV series on Community TV 31 in Melbourne Australia, a self-published novel ("Biodome") on Amazon's createspace platform and a long running web series on YouTube.
 He has also been involved in related web series "Young Damon Dark" and "Vincent Kosmos."
 He has also been the focus of a one actor stage drama.
 The character of Damon Dark has been played by Adrian Sherlock, Bruce Hughes, Aiden Sherlock and Jack Knoll.
 Damon Dark is a loner, dresses in black, has a huge experience of aliens and their technology.
 Damon is characterized by his high intelligence, idealistic moral outlook and wry sense of humor.
 His best friend in the series is the long-suffering Gary Sutton, played by actor Robert Trott.
 Damon Dark began in 1999, with a five-part weekly series on Melbourne's Community TV 31, (although the pilot was shot in 1996 and the show had been in development since 1990) following a screening of a 65-minute version of the story "Maddox" at the 57th World Science Fiction Convention (Aussiecon Three) held in Melbourne.
 The series was later revived as a YouTube webseries which inspired several related webseries, including "The Young Damon Dark Adventures" in which the character is played as a teenager, and Vincent Kosmos, (created by and starring Chris Heaven, , an Italian actor and musician, about a renegade alien character who is a friend of Damon.
Penny is a fictional character on the American CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory", portrayed by actress Kaley Cuoco.
 She is the primary female character in the series, befriending her across-the-hall neighbors Leonard Hofstadter (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons), two physicists who work at the nearby California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
 Penny's lack of advanced education, but outgoing personality and common sense drastically contrast with the personalities of the primary male characters in the series, even though she is considered part of their group.
 She is the love interest of Leonard, with whom she maintains a brief romantic relationship during the third season, which is later resumed in the fifth season and culminates in an engagement at the end of the seventh season and a wedding at the start of season 9.
 Penny is the only main character of the show whose last name has not been revealed, although she has been occasionally referred to or addressed with the last name Hofstadter since her wedding.
