McDonald's Canada (French: "Les Restaurants McDonald du Canada Ltée" ) is the Canadian master franchise of the fast-food restaurant chain McDonald's, owned by the American parent McDonald's Corporation.
 One of Canada's largest fast-food restaurant chains, the franchise sells food items, including hamburgers, chicken, French fries and soft drinks all across the country.
 McDonald's is known for its high fat and calorie foods, but it also has alternatives such as salads, juices and milk.
 McDonald's was previously Canada's largest food service operator before being overtaken by Tim Hortons in 2005.
 The slogans used in Canada are "i'm lovin' it" (in English) and "c'est ça que j'm" (in French).
The Crab Cooker is a popular Southern California restaurant specializing in seafood, located on the Balboa Peninsula in Newport Beach, California.
 The restaurant is housed in an old branch building of the Bank of America located at 22nd & Newport Blvd.
 The logo of the bank prior to its merger with NationsBank can still be seen embedded in the corner of the building.
 It was established in 1951, and is considered a local landmark.
 In 1969, Venture Magazine rated it as one of the top two restaurants in the world.
Raising Cane's Restaurants is a fast-food restaurant chain specializing in chicken fingers, that was founded in Baton Rouge, Louisiana by Todd Graves and Craig Silvey on August 26, 1996.
 While company headquarters remain in Louisiana, a second restaurant support office was opened in Plano, Texas in 2009.
Kyay oh (Burmese: ေၾကးအိုး ) is a popular noodle soup made with pork and egg in Burmese cuisine.
 Fish and chicken versions are also made as well as a "dry" version without broth.
 Kyay oh is traditionally served in a copper pot.
 YKKO, a restaurant chain in Myanmar, specializes in the dish.
 Another famous restaurant specializing in Kyay Oh is called Kyay Oh Bayin, a family traditional restaurant founded in 1968.
This is a list of notable oyster bars.
 An oyster bar is a restaurant specializing in serving oysters, or a section of a restaurant which serves oysters buffet-style.
 In France, the oyster bar is known as "bar à huîtres".
 Oysters have been consumed since ancient times and were common tavern food in Europe, but the oyster bar as a distinct restaurant began making an appearance in the 1700s.
An oyster bar, also known as an oyster saloon, oyster house or a raw bar, is a restaurant specializing in serving oysters, or a section of a restaurant which serves oysters buffet-style.
 In France, the oyster bar is known as "bar à huîtres".
 Oysters have been consumed since ancient times and were common tavern food in Europe, but the oyster bar as a distinct restaurant began making an appearance in the 18th century.
Long John Silver's LLC is an American fast-food restaurant chain that specializes in seafood.
 The brand's name is derived from the novel "Treasure Island" by Robert Louis Stevenson, in which the pirate "Long John" Silver is one of the main characters.
 Formerly a division of Yum!
 Brands, Inc., the company was divested to a group of franchisees in September 2011.
McDonaldization is a term used by sociologist George Ritzer in his book "The McDonaldization of Society" (1993).
 He explains that it becomes manifested when a society adopts the characteristics of a fast-food restaurant.
 McDonaldization is a reconceptualization of rationalization and scientific management.
 Where Max Weber used the model of the bureaucracy to represent the direction of this changing society, Ritzer sees the fast-food restaurant as having become a more representative contemporary paradigm (Ritzer, 2004:553).
 The process of McDonaldization can be summarized as the way in which "the principles of the fast-food restaurant are coming to dominate more and more sectors of American society as well as of the rest of the world."
Nordsee is a German fast-food restaurant chain specialising in seafood.
 In addition to selling raw and smoked seafood, the company also sells a wide variety of meals and products prepared from seafood such as Fischbrötchen (fish sandwiches), salads, and canned seafood.
 The company formerly supplied its own seafood but has since sold the fishery.
Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard is a Golden, Colorado-based fast-food restaurant specializing in premium burgers and frozen custard.
 Good Times Restaurants Inc. owns and operates 38 Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard locations, 36 in Colorado, and two in Wyoming.
