Folie à Deux ( ; French for "A Madness Shared by Two") is the fourth studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy.
 Produced by Neal Avron, the album was recorded from July to September 2008 at The Pass Studios and The Casita in Hollywood, California.
 As the follow-up to the band's commercially successful 2007 effort "Infinity on High", it was released by Island Records on December 16, 2008, after the original November 4 release was postponed to avoid conflicts with the United States presidential election.
 Like the band's two previous releases, "Folie à Deux" was musically composed by lead vocalist and guitarist Patrick Stump, with lyrics penned by bassist Pete Wentz.
 In regard to the writing process, the band considered "Folie à Deux" to be the band's most collaborative record at the time.
"I Don't Care" is a song by American rock band Fall Out Boy and the lead single from the group's fourth studio album "Folie à Deux" in 2008.
 It was first available for listening on the band's website and mozes.com on September 3, 2008.
 The song impacted radio on September 16.
 It is its album's best known song, being certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting shipments of one million units, with over 500,000 sales in its first four months alone.
 In the United States, the song reached No. 21 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, placing lower than the No. 2 lead single, "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race", of the band's previous 2007 album "Infinity on High".
 It received radio play at Modern Rock and Pop stations, charting at No. 21 on "Billboard"'s Hot Modern Rock Tracks and No. 22 on Pop Songs.
Welcome to the New Administration was a viral campaign and mixtape launched by Fall Out Boy bass guitarist Pete Wentz on August 18, 2008 to promote what is now known to be the group's fourth studio album, "Folie à Deux".
 The mixtape was made available to stream and download on November 4, 2008, containing snippets and demos from Fall Out Boy as well as various Decaydance artists.
"America's Suitehearts" is a song by American rock band Fall Out Boy and the second single taken from their fourth studio album, "Folie à Deux" (2008).
 Initially released to iTunes in promotion before the album's release, "America's Suitehearts" was later serviced to radio on January 20, 2009.
 A demo/snippet titled "America's Sweethearts" was included on the band's mixtape, "Welcome to the New Administration", as part of their viral campaign in promotion of their record.
 The music video was unveiled at 3PM on January 1, 2009 on The N.
 Bassist/lyricist Pete Wentz commented that the song was about society's fixation with celebrities.
 The music was composed by vocalist/guitarist Patrick Stump.
Daughtry is the self-titled debut studio album by American rock band Daughtry, the band formed and fronted by "American Idol" fifth season finalist Chris Daughtry.
 It was released on November 21, 2006, by RCA Records.
 The album is the fastest selling debut rock album in Soundscan history and the band's best-selling album.
"What a Catch, Donnie" is Fall Out Boy's second digital download single and third radio single from their fourth studio album "Folie à Deux" (2008).
 It was first released as part of the buildup to the new album on iTunes on October 14, 2008 and charted on the US and Canadian singles charts.
 The track features numerous musicians performing cameo appearances in the song, singing lines from past Fall Out Boy songs.
 Bassist/lyricist Pete Wentz has said that he wrote the song to remind himself of vocalist/guitarist Patrick Stump.
 Musically it is one of the band's very few ballads.
 Fall Out Boy played the song live on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon".
The discography of Weezer, an American rock band, consists of 10 studio albums, two compilation albums, one video album, six extended plays, twenty-eight singles and twenty-four music videos. Weezer's self-titled debut studio album, often referred to as "The Blue Album", was released in May 1994 through DGC Records.
 The album was a huge commercial success, peaking at number 16 on the US "Billboard" 200 and spawning the singles "Undone – The Sweater Song" and "Buddy Holly", both of which were responsible for launching Weezer into mainstream success with the aid of music videos directed by Spike Jonze.
 It has sold 3.3 million copies in the United States and has been certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), becoming the band's best selling album to date.
 Following the success of their debut album, Weezer took a break from touring for the Christmas holidays.
 Lead singer Rivers Cuomo began piecing together demo material for Weezer's second studio album.
 Cuomo's original concept for the album was a space-themed rock opera, "Songs from the Black Hole".
 Ultimately, the "Songs from the Black Hole" album concept was dropped; the band, however, continued to utilize songs from these sessions into work for their second studio album. "
Pinkerton" was released as the band's second studio album in September 1996.
 Peaking at number 19 on the "Billboard" 200, it was considered a critical and commercial failure at the time of its release, selling far less than its triple platinum predecessor.
 However, in the years following its release, it has seen much critical and commercial championing.
The Believers Never Die Tour Part Deux was a two-month concert tour headlined by American rock band Fall Out Boy in 2009 to support the release of their 2008 album "Folie à Deux".
 Starting on April 3 and finishing on May 17, the opening acts were Cobra Starship, All Time Low, Metro Station, and Hey Monday.
 50 Cent played select dates on the tour as well, replacing Metro Station.
 The tour's name was based on Fall Out Boy's 2004 Believers Never Die tour.
 This was Fall Out Boy's final headlining tour before going on hiatus in late 2009, and their "Believers Never Die - Greatest Hits" album shares the same name.
The Steve Miller Band is an American rock band formed in 1966 in San Francisco, California.
 The band is led by Steve Miller on guitar and lead vocals.
 It is best known today for a string of (mainly) mid-1970s hit singles that are staples of classic rock radio, as well as several earlier acid rock albums.
 Miller left his first band to move to San Francisco and form the Steve Miller Blues Band.
 Shortly after Harvey Kornspan negotiated the band’s landmark contract with Capitol Records in 1967, the band shortened its name to the Steve Miller Band.
 In February 1968, the band recorded its debut album, "Children of the Future".
 It went on to produce the albums "Sailor", "Brave New World", "Your Saving Grace", "Number 5", "Rock Love" and more.
 The band's "Greatest Hits 1974–78", released in 1978, sold over 13 million copies.
 The band continued to produce more albums and in 2014 toured with the rock band Journey.
 In 2016, Steve Miller was inducted as a solo artist in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
"Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet" is a song by the American rock band Fall Out Boy from their fourth studio album "Folie à Deux" (2008).
 It was initially released as a digital single as part of the buildup to the new album on iTunes on October 7, 2008.
 The song impacted United States modern rock radio on June 15, 2009.
