The Russian avant-garde was a large, influential wave of avant-garde modern art that flourished in the Russian Empire and Soviet Union, approximately from 1890 to 1930—although some have placed its beginning as early as 1850 and its end as late as 1960.
 The term covers many separate, but inextricably related, art movements that flourished at the time; namely Suprematism, Constructivism, Russian Futurism, Cubo-Futurism, Zaum and Neo-primitivism.
 Given that many avant-garde artists involved were born or grew up in what is present day Belarus and Ukraine (including Kazimir Malevich, Aleksandra Ekster, Vladimir Tatlin, Wassily Kandinsky, David Burliuk, Alexander Archipenko), some sources also talk about Ukrainian avant-garde.
Russians in Kyrgyzstan are a minority ethnic group numbering 419,600 individuals according to 2009 Census, representing 9.1% of the total population.
 Most ethnic Russians migrated to the country during the 20th Century.
 The Russian population has been declining since the breakup of the Soviet Union due to low fertility rates and emigration.
Dr. Leonard Jan Le Vann (1 August 1915 – 29 September 1987) was the medical superintendent at the Alberta Provincial Training School for Mental Defectives (also known as the Michener Center) from the years 1949–1974.
 Although he was born and raised in the United States, Le Vann trained as a physician in Scotland.
 Throughout his career Le Vann wrote many articles, the majority of which were published during his 25-year career at the Provincial Training School.
 These articles covered a broad range of topics that include alcoholism, schizophrenia and experimental treatments of antipsychotic drugs.
 In 1974 Le Vann resigned from the training center, which was due to the Conservative Party of Alberta’s repeal against the Sexual Sterilization Act of Alberta.
 Furthermore, there has been plenty of controversy about how he ran the school.
 This controversy has been brought to attention mainly because of the Leilani Muir trial that took place in 1995.
 Although Le Vann was already deceased at the time of the trial, his name was brought to the court’s attention on many separate occasions.
Rollins Air was an airline charter company based in Honduras.
 It had Lockheed Tristars.
 In 2011 it was banned from operating in the European Union due to safety concerns.
 On 24 September 2012, its AOC (Air Operator's Certificate) was revoked and it subsequently expired.
 On 4 December 2012 (after the AOC expired) the airline was removed from EU list of banned air carriers.
The Compromise of 1850 was a package of five separate bills passed by the United States Congress in September 1850, which defused a four-year political confrontation between slave and free states on the status of territories acquired during the Mexican–American War (1846–1848).
 The compromise, drafted by Whig Senator Henry Clay of Kentucky and brokered by Clay and Democratic Senator Stephen Douglas of Illinois, reduced sectional conflict.
 Controversy arose over the Fugitive Slave provision.
 The Compromise was greeted with relief, but each side disliked some of its specific provisions:
Āne is a large village in Ozolnieki Municipality, Latvia.
 The village is located on the Lielupe River approximately 38 km from the capital city of Riga and 7 km from city of Jelgava.
 It is known for the amount of clay that is dug up in local lakes.
 There is a brick factory, which was very prominent during the Soviet era; since the factory was privatised it still produces bricks albeit on a reduced scale.
 The town was very well known in the Soviet Union due to this.
 It is sometimes referred to by locals as "Sarkanais māls" literally meaning "Red clay".
Human history in California begins with indigenous Americans first arriving in California some 13,000–15,000 years ago.
 Exploration and settlement by Europeans along the coasts and in the inland valleys began in the 16th century.
 California was acquired by the United States under the terms of the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo following the defeat of Mexico in the Mexican–American War.
 American westward expansion intensified with the California Gold Rush, beginning in 1849.
 California joined the Union as a free state in 1850, due to the Compromise of 1850.
 By the end of the 19th century, California was still largely rural and agricultural, but had a population of about 1.4 million.
Joseph Sokolsky (Bulgarian: Йосиф Соколски , Gabrovo, Ottoman Empire 1786 – died in Kiev, Russian Empire September 30, 1879) was the first senior Eastern Orthodox Bulgarian clergyman who convert to Catholicism, thus becoming a pioneer of the Bulgarian Byzantine Catholic Church.
 Sokolsky negotiated with Vatican a formal union due to Phanariotes domination over Bulgarian Orthodoxy and gained Catholic recognition 1861 when Pope Pius IX named him Archbishop for the Bulgarians of the Byzantine Rite.
 He was also accepted in that capacity by the Ottoman Empire.
Breckland Forest is an 18,126 hectare biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in many separate areas between Swaffham in Norfolk and Bury St Edmunds in Suffolk.
 It is part of the Breckland Special Protection Area under the European Union Directive on the Conservation of Wild Birds.
 It contains two Geological Conservation Review sites, Beeches Pit, Icklingham and High Lodge.
 Barton Mills Valley is a Local Nature Reserve in the south-west corner of the site.
The 1951 Polish–Soviet territorial exchange or Polish-Soviet border adjustment treaty of 1951 was a border adjustment signed in Moscow between the People's Republic of Poland and the Soviet Union regarding roughly 480 km2 of land, along their mutual border.
 The exchange was made to the decisive economic benefit of the Soviet Union due to rich deposits of coal given up by Poland; these deposits were discovered well before World War II.
 Within eight years following the agreement, the Soviets built four large coal mines there with the total mining capacity of 15 million tons annually.
