The Christmas Tree is a 1996 American made-for-television Christmas drama film directed by Sally Field, starring Julie Harris and Andrew McCarthy and produced by Walt Disney Television which premiered on ABC on December 22, 1996.
The Beniker Gang is a 1985 American drama film written by Judie Angell and directed by Ken Kwapis.
 The movie stars Andrew McCarthy as Arthur Beniker, Jennifer Dundas as Cassie Beniker, Charles Fields as Edmund Beniker, and Danny Pintauro as Ben Beniker.
The Magic Christmas Tree is a 1964 American Christmas-themed fantasy-adventure film about a boy who uses a magic ring to bring a Christmas tree to life.
 The tree then grants the boy three wishes.
The National Tree is a 2009 American-Canadian family drama television film by Graeme Campbell.
 It features Andrew McCarthy and Evan Williams as father and son on a road-trip from Oregon to Washington, D.C transporting their own Sitka Spruce tree on a truck to be planted across from the White House on Thanksgiving.
 The film was produced and aired by Hallmark Channel.
"Tree" was a controversial 24 m high inflatable sculpture by the artist Paul McCarthy that was briefly installed in the Place Vendôme in Paris in October 2014 as part of a FIAC exhibition called "Hors les murs".
 Although officially described as a Christmas tree, it was widely criticised for its similarity in appearance to a huge green butt plug.
 McCarthy admitted that it was deliberately shaped as such as a joke.
Lisa Lucas is a former child actress best known for her role as "Addie Mills" in the Emmy-winning Christmas television special, "The House Without a Christmas Tree".
 It first aired on CBS-TV in December 1972, spawned three holiday-based sequels from 1973–1976 with the same cast, "The Thanksgiving Treasure" (also listed elsewhere as "The Holiday Treasure") (1973), "The Easter Promise" (1975) and "Addie and The King of Hearts" (1976). "
USA Today" called "A House Without a Christmas Tree" "beautifully acted" and the "Spartanburg Herald-Journal" called it a "Christmas treasure" and said it was full of heartwarming moments, especially when Addie gives away the Christmas tree she wins, or finds the star belonging to her mother.
Less Than Zero is a 1987 American drama film very loosely based on Bret Easton Ellis' novel of the same name.
 The film stars Andrew McCarthy as Clay, a college freshman returning home for Christmas to spend time with his ex-girlfriend Blair (Jami Gertz) and his friend Julian (Robert Downey, Jr.), who is also a drug addict.
 The film presents a look at the culture of wealthy, decadent youth in Los Angeles.
Weekend at Bernie's is a 1989 American comedy film written by Robert Klane and directed by Ted Kotcheff.
 The film stars Andrew McCarthy and Jonathan Silverman as young insurance corporation employees who discover their boss, Bernie, dead.
 While attempting to convince people that Bernie is still alive, they discover that Bernie had ordered their deaths to cover up his embezzlement.
Night of the Running Man is a 1995 American crime thriller directed by Mark L. Lester and written by Lee Wells, who adapted it from his novel of the same name.
 It stars Andrew McCarthy and Scott Glenn.
 The film debuted on HBO before being released direct-to-video.
 McCarthy plays a cab driver who stumbles upon a large sum of money stolen from the mob.
 When mob hit men target him, he flees.
Mannequin is a 1987 American romantic comedy fantasy film starring Andrew McCarthy, Kim Cattrall, Meshach Taylor, James Spader, G. W. Bailey, and Estelle Getty.
 Directed and written by Michael Gottlieb, the film was also co-written by Edward Rugoff.
 The original music score was composed by Sylvester Levay.
 The film, a modern re-telling of the Pygmalion myth, tells about a chronically underemployed artist named Jonathan Switcher (played by Andrew McCarthy) who gets a job as a department-store window dresser and falls in love with a mannequin (played by Kim Cattrall)—the attraction being that she comes to life on occasion, but only for him.
