Chad Stephen Kessler (born June 24, 1975) is a former American football punter who played college football at Louisiana State University and attended Lake Mary High School in Lake Mary, Florida.
 He was a consensus All-American in 1997.
 Kessler was named first-team All-SEC in 1995 and 1997.
 He was also a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
Kessler's Cross Lanes (sometimes misspelled as Kesler's Cross Lanes on maps) is an unincorporated community along Route 129 in Nicholas County, West Virginia, United States.
 Just south of Kessler's Cross Lanes is Carnifex Ferry Battlefield State Park, which is a park of historical interest; a Civil War battle was fought at the site in 1863.
Kessler v. Eldred, 206 U.S. 285 (1907) 27 S.Ct.
 611, was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court defined some effects of a court decision that an inventor had not infringed on a patent.
Dissenter Acts (Swedish: "Dissenterlagarna" ) were laws, enacted by the King of Sweden with the consent of the Swedish Parliament, which gave nonconformists who wanted to leave the then established Church of Sweden the right to do so, provided that the dissenters then joined one of the state-approved denominations.
 The first such edict was decreed in 1860 by Karl XV and the "Ståndsriksdag"; the second one in 1873 by Oscar II and the reorganized bicameral "Riksdag".
 Neither the "Ståndsriksdag", divided into four Estates, nor the newer "Riksdag" could be said to be truly democratic, though, as the suffrage was restricted to males who owned property.
 The 1873 edict remained in force until the 1951 Religious Freedom Act ("religionsfrihetslag"); the Church of Sweden remained the established state church until 2000.
Lynn Kessler is dedicated public servant.
 Kessler is best known for serving eighth terms in the Washington State House of RepresentativesDemocratic Party representative, and serving as the House Majority Leader.
 Kessler represented Washington State's 24th District from 1992-2010.
Color consciousness is a theory stating that equality under the law is not enough; it rejects the concept that there is a fundamental racial difference between people, but holds that physical features, particularly skin color, can and do negatively impact some people's life opportunities.
 Supreme Court Justice Harry Blackmun in 1978, stated, “In order to get beyond racism, we must first take account of race.
 There is no other way.
 And in order to treat some persons equally, we must treat them differently.”
 (Regents of the University of California v. Bakke).
George Wildman Ball (December 21, 1909 – May 26, 1994) was an American diplomat and banker.
 He served in the management of the State Department from 1961 to 1966 and is remembered most as the only major dissenter against the escalation of the Vietnam War.
 He refused to publicize his doubts, which were based on calculations that South Vietnam was doomed.
 He also helped determine American policy regarding trade expansion, Congo, the Multilateral Force, de Gaulle's France, Israel and the Middle East, and the Iranian revolution.
Kessler v. Treat, 205 U.S. 33 (1907), was a decision in which the Supreme Court of the United States adjudicated allegations that prisoners were unlawfully imprisoned by Morgan treat, the United States Marshall for the Eastern District of Virginia.
 In a one-sentence opinion written by Chief Justice Melville Fuller, the Court identified ten cases for which the Court entered the same decree as the one issued in "Tinsley v. Treat".
 Justice John Marshall Harlan dissented without writing a separate opinion.
English Dissenters or English Separatists were Protestant Christians who separated from the Church of England in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries.
 A dissenter (from the Latin "dissentire", "to disagree") is one who disagrees in matters of opinion, belief, etc.
 English Dissenters opposed state interference in religious matters, and founded their own churches, educational establishments, and communities; some emigrated to the New World.
 They originally agitated for a wide-reaching Protestant Reformation of the Established Church, and triumphed briefly under Oliver Cromwell.
Upon its development some critics of "Standard Oil", including the lone dissenter Justice John Marshall Harlan, argued that "Standard Oil" and its rule of reason were a departure from previous Sherman Act case law, which purportedly had interpreted the language of the Sherman Act to hold that all contracts restraining trade were prohibited, regardless of whether the restraint actually produced ill effects.
 These critics emphasized in particular the Court's decision in "United States v. Trans-Missouri Freight Association", 166 U.S. 290 (1897), which contains some language suggesting that a mere restriction on the autonomy of traders would suffice to establish that an agreement restrained trade within the meaning of the Act.
