The Garden City Golf Club is a private golf course in Garden City, New York.
 The club was founded in 1899, and is also known as the "Garden City Men's Club" or simply the "Men's Club" to distinguish it from the Garden City Country Club, and Cherry Valley Club, all of which are located in Garden City, NY.
 It remains one of the few men-only golf clubs in the United States.
A. T. Stewart Era Buildings is a national historic district located at Garden City in Nassau County, New York.
 It consists of a thematic group of 50 residential, commercial, religious, and civic structures built as original elements of the planned community of Garden City between 1871 and 1893.
 They were built as part of the plan for Garden City devised originally by Alexander Turney Stewart (1801–1876).
 Included are 44 residences built between 1871 and 1878 and range in scale from modest cottages to large, rambling, three story frame "villas."
 Other buildings are: 53-55 Hilton Avenue commercial block (1875), Garden City Water Works (1876), Cathedral of the Incarnation Complex (1885), St. Paul's School (1883), Cathedral School of St. Mary (1893)
The Old Nassau County Courthouse, also known as the Nassau County Courthouse and the Historic Nassau County Courthouse, is an historic 2-story courthouse building located at 1550 Franklin Avenue in Garden City, Nassau County, New York.
 Designed by noted New York City architect William B. Tubby in the Classical Revival style of architecture with a grand rotunda capped by a white dome, it was built of poured-in-place reinforced concrete.
 Then governor Theodore Roosevelt laid its cornerstone in 1900 and it was finished in 1901.
 Wings designed by Tubby were added in 1916.
 Later additions and renovations were 1924-1928 under the supervision of architect William J. Beardsley, who had designed the Dutchess County Court House in Poughkeepsie.
Green Acres Mall is an indoor shopping mall located in South Valley Stream, New York, off Sunrise Highway in Nassau County right off the border of New York City and the Incorporated Village of Valley Stream (part of the parking lot and stores on the north side of the property are in the Village, while the mall itself is in an unincorporated hamlet of the Town of Hempstead).
 The mall has a gross leasable area (GLA) of 1800000 sqft .
 The mall is the 26th largest in the United States.
 The mall is extremely popular in Nassau County and in the neighboring New York City borough of Queens.
 The mall is accessible by many Nassau Inter-County Express routes as well as two MTA New York City Bus routes, the Q5, Q85, that cross the city border.
Nassau Boulevard is a station on the west side of Nassau Boulevard in Garden City, New York.
 It is one of five Long Island Rail Road stations in the village.
 Originally it was a station for "Stewart's Central Rail Road," a railroad envisioned to serve the village of Garden City by its founder, Alexander Turney Stewart.
 The station however, was built in 1907 which was over four decades after Stewart's death, and not built by Stewart himself.
 In fact, it was built by the former village of Garden City Estates, which was merged with Garden City in 1915.
 Nassau Boulevard Station is just down the road to Adelphi University and provides fast commute into Manhattan.
 There is ample parking at the station, but by local permit only.
 In the early 2000s, the station underwent renovations including installation of ramps.
 A pedestrian tunnel exists at the station, however the entrances resemble the former tunnel for nearby Stewart Manor station.
The Nassau County Courthouse, also known as the Old Nassau County Courthouse and the Historic Nassau County Courthouse, is an historic two-story red brick courthouse building located at 416 Centre Street in Fernandina Beach, Nassau County, Florida.
 Designed in the Classical Revival style, it was built in 1891 and features cast-iron Corinthian columns and a massive bell tower and steeple.
 Meneely and Co. of West Troy, New York, cast the bell for the tower, which was used as a fire alarm for many years.
Joseph Nestor Mondello (born 1938) is an American politician who served as Chairman of the New York Republican State Committee until September 2009.
 Mondello continues to serve as the head of the Nassau County Republican Committee, a post he has held since 1983.
 He is a lawyer with the firm of Berkman, Henoch, Peterson and Peddy of Garden City, New York, and holds the rank of Major General in the New York Guard.
 Prior to being elected state chairman, he served as the head of the Nassau County Republican Committee for twenty three years.
 He is a former Town supervisor of Hempstead, New York, as well as an attorney, college professor, high school teacher and probation officer.
 He served as deputy commander of the New York Guard, and also served in the United States Army, Navy, and Air Force.
Frederick Evan Crane (March 2, 1869, Brooklyn, Kings County, New York – November 21, 1947, Garden City, Nassau County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
 He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1935 to 1939.
US Post Office-Garden City is a historic post office building located at Garden City in the town of Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, United States.
 It was built in 1936 and designed by consulting architects Walker & Gillette for the Office of the Supervising Architect.
 It is a one story, square brick building on a granite in the Classical Revival style.
 The lobby features a 1937 mural by J. Theodore Johnson titled "Huckleberry Frolic."
 On December 24, 1987, the building was named in honor of former Congressman John W. Wydler (1924-1987).
East Garden City is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the northeast part of the Town of Hempstead, in the central part of Nassau County, New York, along the Hempstead/North Hempstead town line.
 The population was 6,028 at the 2010 census.
 East Garden City is a hamlet (an unincorporated area) and a mostly commercial and industrial area.
 Part of Hofstra University's north campus is located in East Garden City.
