Rossi ] is an Italian surname, said to be the most common surname in Italy.
 Due to the diaspora, it is also very common in other countries such as the Argentina, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Chile, France, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru, Switzerland, the United States and Uruguay. "
"Rossi"" is the plural of "Rosso" (meaning "red", in Italian), although it is argued the surname derives from another source.
A name in Italian consists of a given name ("nome") and a surname ("cognome").
 Surnames are normally written after given names.
 In official documents, the surname may be written before given names.
 In speech, the use of given name before family name is standard in an educated style, but, due to bureaucratic influence, the opposite was common (but now it's deprecated).
Montaño is a Spanish-language surname, related, but pronounced differently, to the Italian surname Montano and french surname Montaigne.
 The name Montano also occurs without the "ny" sound ñ as Montano in Spain.
 Notable people with the surname include:
Canale is a popular Italian surname.
 The name is thought to have originated in various parts of Northern Italy and its literal English translation is "Canal", which means waterway.
 Italian surnames were often taken from places of residence, such as a town or village.
 Names were also derived from landmarks, which could explain the Canale name.
 Persons with this surname include:
Perry is a surname with several distinct origins.
 In England deriving from the Old English "pyrige" (pear tree), referring to one who dwells by a pear tree, while in Wales Perry, along with Parry, arose as patronymics, via a shortening of "ap Harry" (son of Harry).
 There are some variants in the Romance or Romantic languages (derived from the Latin): Pereira, Pereyra, Pereyro, Pereiro, Pereiros Pereire, Perera, Perer, Perero, Pereros; the Norman French "perrieur" (quarry), possibly referring to a quarryman.
 Perry was recorded as a surname from the late 16th century in villages near Colchester, Essex, East England, such as Lexden and Copford.
 Perry has some resemblance with the Portuguese common surname Pereira, which means pear tree in Portuguese language.
 Because of that, many Portuguese immigrants to the USA (especially Massachusetts) chose to "Americanize" their Pereira surname to Perry.
 The Italian surname, Perri, related to "Peter", is also often Americanized to Perry.
Claro is a popular Spanish and Italian surname.
 The name Claro derived from the Italian word "chiari", which means "clear."
 This nickname surname derived from an eke-name and reflects the physical attributes of its subject.
 The Claro surname was likely used to refer to a person with a light complexion.
Bellini is an Italian surname.
 It may refer to:
Keita is a surname.
 The Malian family name is normally written Keïta, sometimes Kéita.
 Kéïta is a hypercorrection.
 In reference to non-modern figures, or in anglophone countries such as Gambia and Liberia the tréma ( ¨ ) or acute accent ( ´ ) is not used.
 Notable people with the surname include:
Gallucci is an Italian surname which can also be found in the Italian diaspora.
 The family name is most prevalent in the Italian regions Campania, Lazio and Lombardy.
 In Campania the name is toponymic and derived from the municipality of Galluccio as well as connected to the Principality of Capua (900–1156), while in Lazio it can be traced back to the Latin name "Gallutius".
 It should be distinguished from the similar names Galluccio, Galluzzi and Galluzzo.
 Notable people with the surname include:
Comollo is an Italian surname localized in the northern regions of Piedmont and Liguria.
 There are about one hundred families listed in the Italian phonebook under this surname.
 It is considered the Piedmontese form of the more common surname Comolli, which is mostly localized in the Lombardy region.
 The surname Comollo is also present in the United States, with about 50 families.
