Carlsberg Srbija (full legal name: "Carlsberg Srbija d.o.o. Čelarevo") is a Serbian beer brewery, based in Bačka Palanka, Serbia.
 It is majority owned by Danish Carlsberg Group since 2003 and it has around 600 employees.
 It is well known by its signature brand Lav pivo.
 According to data from 2012, Carlsberg Srbija holds 28.4% of Serbian beer market, placing it second, behind market leader Apatinska pivara.
Carlsberg Croatia is a brewery in Koprivnica, Croatia.
 Its name before March 1, 2004 was "Panonska pivovara".
 Carlsberg Croatia is part of the Carlsberg Group.
 The Managing Director of Carlsberg Croatia in 2004 was "Jørn Pedersen".
The Carlsberg Group ( ; ] ) is a global brewer employing around 41,000 people, primarily located in Western Europe, Eastern Europe and Asia.
 Founded in 1847 by J. C. Jacobsen, the company's headquarters is located in Copenhagen, Denmark.
 Since Jacobsen's death in 1887, the majority owner of the company has been the Carlsberg Foundation.
 The company's flagship brand is Carlsberg Beer (named after Jacobsen's son Carl) but it also brews Tuborg, Kronenbourg, Somersby cider, Russia's best-selling beer Baltika, Belgian Grimbergen abbey beers, and more than 500 local beers.
Jørgen Buhl Rasmussen (born 18 August 1955) is the Danish Chief Executive of the Danish multi-national brewing company Carlsberg Group (Carlsberg A/S), based in Copenhagen (native "København") in Denmark.
 Carlsberg is the name of a district of Copenhagen.
 The main shareholder of Carlsberg is the Carlsberg Foundation.
Belgian Beer Café is a chain of concept cafe-restaurants specializing in Belgian-inspired food and Belgian beers.
 The company was founded in Brussels in 1998 by InBev and now is part of the Anheuser-Busch InBev Group.
 Currently, Belgian Beer Cafés can be found in 50 cities spread out over 19 countries.
Vanberg & DeWulf is an American importation business that brings premium Belgian beer to the United States.
 Vanberg & DeWulf is considered an influential Belgian beer importer.
Bush is a Belgian beer.
 There are a few types of Bush but the most famous is the high-fermentation amber beer with a strong taste of malt.
 Also known as Bush 12, its official name is now Amber Bush.
 It is the flagship product of the Dubuisson Brewery, situated in Pipaix in the municipality of Leuze-en-Hainaut, Belgium.
 Bush has an alcohol level that reaches 12% and makes Amber Bush one of the strongest beers.
 Its label claims that it is "The strongest Belgian beer".
Javad Hadian is an American entrepreneur and owner of Shangy's, a beer distributor founded in 1980 in Emmaus, Pennsylvania.
 Hadian has distribution rights to thousands of macros and micro brews, and has continued to expand his range of beers.
 In 1998, Shangy's became the distributor of Hoegaarden, a popular Belgian beer.
 The agreement entitled Shangy's to distribution rights to seventeen Pennsylvania counties.
 In 2004, Hadian sued InBev, the world's largest beer producer, for allegedly violating the 1998 agreement.
Baltic Beverages Holding is a brewing company owned by Carlsberg Group.
 It is a significant operator in the brewing industry in Russia, Ukraine, the Baltic countries and Kazakhstan, most notably holding a controlling stake in Baltika Breweries.
 The company markets a range of beer brands from 19 breweries, ten of which are in Russia, four in the Baltic countries, three in Ukraine, one in Kazakhstan and one in Uzbekistan.
 The company was a 50-50 joint venture between Carlsberg and Scottish & Newcastle prior to Carlsberg's April 2008 acquisition of S&N.
Weyerbacher Brewing Company is a brewery in Easton, Pennsylvania, United States, founded in 1995 by Dan and Sue Weirback.
 The brewery is well known for its "huge taste" beers.
 Most of their brews are high in alcohol, with QUAD clocking in at 11.8% alcohol by volume, and a one-off 10th anniversary ale called Decadence brewed to 13% alcohol by volume.
 Hops Infusion is one of the bitterest examples of the IPA style.
 Weyerbacher is also a pioneer of aging beer in wooden barrels previously used for aging bourbon.
 This process was used to transform Old Heathen imperial stout into Heresy, Blithering Idiot barley wine into Insanity, Merry Monks Belgian tripel into Prophecy, and QUAD Belgian quadrupel into Blasphemy.
 These four styles are all very high-alcohol brews with complex flavor profiles; the barrel-aging lends additional oak and whiskey flavors.
 The results have been widely praised by fans of huge beers, though persons accustomed to more mainstream beer may find them an acquired taste.
