PAJ animation studio is a persian animation film studio based in IRAN.
 The studio produced several short films, television commercials, and one feature film.
 It was founded on 30 October 2007.
 PAJ animation studio produced a mini series called the hidden lives in 2017 .
Mook Animation is an animation studio based in Japan and started in 1986.
 Mook Animation formed a business alliance with DLE in 2006 and was known as Mook DLE; however they ended their partnership in 2008.
 Mook has created Animation for Western programs, mostly for Hanna-Barbera and later Cartoon Network, such as "" (four episodes from the first season and the entire second season), "The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest", "Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island", "Scooby-Doo!
 and the Witch's Ghost", "Scooby-Doo and the Alien Invaders" and "Scooby-Doo and the Cyber Chase".
 They provided the Animation for "" which debuted spring 2008 on Cartoon Network.
DR Movie is a Korean animation studio that was established in Seoul in 1990 and frequently works with Japanese companies on anime titles.
 Since 1991, the studio has been in an exclusive partnership with the Japanese animation studio Madhouse, and in 2001, Madhouse became a partial owner/investor.
 In 2006, Madhouse's parent company Index Holdings invested 600 million yen.
 DR Movie has been responsible for the animation production end of several Madhouse anime, starting with "Tenjho Tenge" in 2004 and continuing notably with "Claymore" in 2007.
 DR Movie has also been looking to make partnerships with Chinese animation companies for future productions, and as of March 2007 entered into a joint venture studio in Qingdao, China.
Jesper Moller (Danish: "Møller") is a Danish Animator, Screenwriter and Movie-director.
 Since beginning his career in animation and the movies in the late 1980s, Jesper Moller has participated in creating a vast number of Danish, European and American animated feature films (see below).
 After initially working as character animator at Sullivan Bluth Studios under the direction of animation legend Don Bluth, he joined Danish animation studio A. Film A/S in Copenhagen, Denmark.
 Amassing credits as directing animator, storyboard artist and character designer, he went on to become a central key in establishing A. Film A/S as Europe’s leading feature animation studio and a household name at the majors in the US.
 After a period as the creative head of Feature Animation, also acting as sequence director on several films, he went on to co-direct (with Stefan Fjeldmark) the 2006 cinema hit Asterix and the Vikings, based on R. Goscinny and A. Uderzo's legendary comic book.
Studio Ponoc (株式会社スタジオポノック , Kabushiki-gaisha Sutajio Ponokku ) is a Japanese animation studio based in Musashino, Tokyo, Japan.
 It was founded by Yoshiaki Nishimura in April 2015.
 Its first feature film, "Mary and the Witch's Flower", was released in 2017.
G&G Entertainment (Korean: (주)지앤지엔터테인먼트 )is a South Korean/Japanese animation studio which creates animation for the domestic South Korean and Japanese anime markets.
 The main studio, which is credited as G&G Entertainment, is located in South Korea, while the Japanese subsidiary studio, which is credited as G&G Direction, assists the main studio and aids in getting outsource work from other Japanese studios.
 G&G Entertainment is known for its collaboration with the Japanese animation studio Gonzo, with which they have produced their most successful series to date, Kaleido Star.
 Increasingly, the studio is also seeking collaborations with Chinese studios, particularly for the creation of computer animation productions.
Melnitsa Animation Studio (Russian: Студия анимационного кино «Мельница» , "melnitsa" meaning "windmill") is one of the largest animation studios in Russia.
 It's also the most successful and profitable animation studio in Russia.
 Deutsche Welle called the studio the Walt Disney of Saint Petersburg.
 Alongside its animation projects, Melnitsa has an effort devoted to creating digital special effects for both animation projects and live-action films.
Mary and the Witch's Flower (Japanese: メアリと魔女の花 , Hepburn: Meari to Majo no Hana ) is a 2017 Japanese anime fantasy film directed by Hiromasa Yonebayashi and produced by Studio Ponoc, based on "The Little Broomstick" by Mary Stewart.
 This is Studio Ponoc's first feature film.
 The film tells a story of a young girl named Mary who finds a mysterious flower that can give her the power to become a witch, which lasts for one night only.
 The film was released in Japan on July 8, 2017.
John Lemmon Films is a traditional character animation studio based in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States, and is listed among five “prominent animation houses”.
 The company was founded in 1984 by John Lemmon and Mike Rosinski.
 Initially the animation studio worked exclusively in clay animation, but has since diversified into stop-motion, 2D animation and Flash animation, as well as web game design.
 The company has produced clay animated TV commercials for clients including: Disney, Cartoon Network and Dairy Queen.
 The studio has created clay-animated versions of well-known products, including the Coleman lantern, and has produced clay animated spots for Tandy Corporation’s chain of stores called McDuff Electronics and for Cedar Point.
P.A.Works Corporation (株式会社ピーエーワークス , Kabushiki-gaisha Pī Ē Wākusu , short for Progressive Animation Works) is a Japanese animation studio established on November 10, 2000 and is located in Nanto, Toyama, Japan.
 The company's president and founder Kenji Horikawa once worked for Tatsunoko Production, Production I.G, and Bee Train before forming P.A.Works in 2000.
 The main office is located in Toyama, Japan, which is where the drawing and digital photography take place, and production and direction takes place in their Tokyo office.
 The company is also involved with animation in video games, as well as collaborating in the past with Production I.G and Bee Train to create anime.
 In January 2008, P.A.Works produced "True Tears", their first anime series as the main animation studio involved in the production process.
