The Bay of Palma (Catalan: "Badia de Palma" , Spanish: "Bahía de Palma" ) is a bay located to the south of Palma, Majorca, Spain.
 It is in the south-west of the Balearic Island of Mallorca.
 Palma de Majorca's harbour is located on the northern shores along with some famous beaches.
 It is bounded to the west by Cape Cala Figuera, to the north by the city of Palma, to the south by the Mediterranean Sea and to the east by the White Cape.
 The Serra de Na Burguesa terminates at its shore.
Redacted is a 2007 American war film written and directed by Brian De Palma.
 It is a fictional dramatization, loosely based on the 2006 Mahmudiyah killings in Mahmoudiyah, Iraq, when U.S. Army soldiers raped an Iraqi girl and murdered her along with her family.
 This film, which is a companion to an earlier film by De Palma, 1989's "Casualties of War", was shot in Jordan.
Duchess of Palma de Mallorca (Catalan: "Ducat de Palma de Mallorca" , Spanish: "Duquesa de Palma de Mallorca" ) was a noble title granted for life by King Juan Carlos I of Spain to his daughter, The Infanta Cristina, on 26 September 1997 on the occasion of her forthcoming marriage to Iñaki Urdangarin.
 Cristina was stripped of her Dukedom by King Felipe VI, her younger brother, on 11 June 2015, due to a corruption inquiry, and the Dukedom was merged again in the Spanish Crown.
Lycée Français de Palma (LFP; Spanish: Liceo francés de Palma ) is a French international school in El Terreno (/), Palma de Mallorca, Spain.
 It serves "toute petite section" through "lycée" (senior high school/sixth form college).
Palma de Mallorca Airport (Catalan: "Aeroport de Palma de Mallorca" , Spanish: "Aeropuerto de Palma de Mallorca" ; IATA: PMI, ICAO: LEPA ) is an international airport located 8 km east of Palma, Majorca, Spain, adjacent to the village of Can Pastilla.
 Also known as "Son Sant Joan Airport" or "Aeroport de Son Sant Joan", it is the third largest airport in Spain, after Madrid–Barajas and Barcelona.
 During the summer months it is one of the busiest airports in Europe, and was used by 26.2 million passengers in 2016.
 The airport is the main base for the Spanish carrier Air Europa and also a focus airport for Ryanair, EasyJet and Vueling.
Daniel Michael DeVito, Jr. (born November 17, 1944) is an American actor, comedian, director and producer.
 He gained prominence for his portrayal of the taxi dispatcher Louie De Palma in the television series "Taxi" (1978–1983), which won him a Golden Globe and an Emmy.
Wise Guys is a 1986 black Mafia comedy crime film directed by Brian De Palma and starring Danny DeVito and Joe Piscopo.
 A comedy revolving around two small-time mobsters from Newark, New Jersey, it also features Harvey Keitel, Ray Sharkey, Lou Albano, Dan Hedaya, and Frank Vincent.
Mission: Impossible is a 1996 American action spy film directed by Brian De Palma, produced by and starring Tom Cruise.
 Based on the , the plot follows Ethan Hunt (Cruise) and his mission to uncover the mole who has framed him for the murders of his entire Impossible Missions Force (IMF) team.
 Work on the script had begun early with filmmaker Sydney Pollack on board, before De Palma, Steven Zaillian, David Koepp, and Robert Towne were brought in.
 "Mission: Impossible" went into pre-production without a shooting script.
 De Palma came up with some action sequences, but Koepp and Towne were dissatisfied with the story that led up to those events.
Palma Metro (Catalan: "Metro de Palma" , Spanish: "Metro de Palma" ["de Mallorca"] ) is a light metro system in Palma, Majorca, Spain.
 The initial line of the system, M1, consists of 7.2 km of route and nine stations, and was constructed between 2005 and 2007 at cost of 312 million euros; it opened for service on 25 April 2007.
 In March 2013, an existing 8.35 km and nine station rail line was bundled in to the metro's service as the system's M2 line.
Palma Nova Beach is seven kilometers (4.3 mi) from Calvià, situated between Punta Nadala and es Carregador, on the Spanish Balearic island of Majorca.
 Besides Palmanova beach, other names by which the beach is known include "Playa de Palma Nova", and "Platja de Palma Nova".
 The Palma Nova sea front has three beaches: Torrenova, Es Carregador, and Palma Nova.
 The beach has had an extension of 500 m and has needed an artificial regeneration to achieve the current aspect of fine and white sand, as well as its dimensions.
