Partial Portraits is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1888.
 The book collected essays that James had written over the preceding decade, mostly on English and American writers.
 But the book also offered treatments of Alphonse Daudet, Guy de Maupassant and Ivan Turgenev.
 Perhaps the most important essay was "The Art of Fiction", James' plea for the widest possible freedom in content and technique in narrative fiction.
French Poets and Novelists is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1878.
 The book collected essays that James had written over the preceding several years.
 From an early age James was fluent in French and read widely in the country's literature.
 These essays show a deep familiarity with the techniques and themes of many French writers.
 The book also includes an interesting essay on Russian novelist Ivan Turgenev, who James read in a German translation.
Italian Hours is a book of travel writing by Henry James published in 1909.
 The book collected essays that James had written over nearly forty years about a country he knew and loved well.
 James extensively revised and sometimes expanded the essays to create a more consistent whole.
 He also added two new essays and an introduction.
Essays in London and Elsewhere is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1893.
 The book collected essays that James had written over the preceding several years on a wide range of writers including James Russell Lowell, Gustave Flaubert, Robert Browning and Henrik Ibsen.
 The book also included an interesting general essay on the role of the critic in literature and a piece of travel writing about London.
"The Jolly Corner" is a short story by Henry James published first in the magazine "The English Review" of December, 1908.
 One of James' most noted ghost stories, "The Jolly Corner" describes the adventures of Spencer Brydon as he prowls the now-empty New York house where he grew up.
English Hours is a book of travel writing by Henry James published in 1905.
 The book collected various essays James had written on England over a period of more than thirty years, beginning in the 1870s.
 The essays had originally appeared in such periodicals as "The Nation", "The Century Magazine", "Scribner's Magazine", "The Galaxy" and "Lippincott's Magazine".
 James wrote a new introduction for the book and extensively revised many of the essays to create a more coherent whole.
The Innocents is a 1961 British supernatural gothic horror film directed and produced in CinemaScope by Jack Clayton, and starring Deborah Kerr, Michael Redgrave and Megs Jenkins.
 Based on the novella "The Turn of the Screw" by Henry James, the plot follows a governess who watches over two children and comes to fear that the house is haunted by ghosts and that the two children are being possessed.
 The title of the film was taken from William Archibald's stage adaptation of James' novella.
 Falling within the subgenre of psychological horror, the film achieves its effects through lighting, music and direction rather than conventional shocks.
 Its atmosphere was created by cinematographer Freddie Francis, who employed deep focus in many scenes, as well as bold, minimal lighting.
 It was partly shot on location at the Gothic mansion of Sheffield Park in Sussex.
The Outcry is a novel by Henry James published in 1911.
 It was originally conceived as a play.
 James cast the material in a three-act drama in 1909, but like many of his plays, it failed to be produced.
 (There were two posthumous performances in 1917.)
 In 1911 James converted the play into a novel, which was successful with the public.
 "The Outcry" was the last novel he was able to complete before his death in 1916.
 The storyline concerns the buying up of Britain's art treasures by wealthy Americans.
Theatricals: Second Series is a book of two plays by Henry James published in 1895.
 As a follow-up to his 1894 book "Theatricals", James included two more unproduced plays in this volume, "The Album" and "The Reprobate".
 James wrote a longer preface for this book, where he discussed writing for the theater and the sacrifices involved.
Hawthorne is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1879.
 The book was an insightful study of James' great predecessor, Nathaniel Hawthorne.
 James gave extended consideration to each of Hawthorne's novels and a selection of his short stories.
 He also reviewed Hawthorne's life and some of his nonfiction.
 The book became somewhat controversial for a famous section where James enumerated the items of novelistic interest he thought were absent from American life.
