Gordonia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Theaceae, related to "Franklinia", "Camellia" and "Stewartia".
 Of the roughly 40 species, all but two are native to southeast Asia in southern China, Taiwan and Indochina.
 The remaining species, "G. lasianthus" (Loblolly-bay), is native to southeast North America, from Virginia south to Florida and west to Louisiana; "G. fruticosa" is native to the tropical rainforests of Central and South America, from Costa Rica to Brazil.
The Gordonia Darkwing ("Gondysia similis", formerly "Dysgonia similis") is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 It is found in North America, from North Carolina to Mississippi and Florida.
 The food plant occurs in Alabama and Mississippi and the moth could be expected from these areas as well.
Gordonia lasianthus (loblolly-bay, holly-bay, gordonia, or bay) is a small to medium-sized evergreen tree or shrub found in acid, swampy soils of pinelands and bays on the Atlantic and Gulf Coastal Plains of the southeastern United States.
 It is a member of the Tea or Theaceae family.
 It is slow growing with soft, light-colored(Varies in color from Cream to Carmine), fine-grained wood of little commercial value, although loblolly-bay could be managed as a source of pulpwood.
 When older specimens are cut, the wood exudes a strong scent.
 It is similar to a mixture of fresh oranges and pine sap.
 The bark of the adult tree varies from medium grey to a red brown coloration.
 Dead adult specimens of loblolly bay exhibit a lustorous shine when exposed to sunlight for several years.
 The white showy flowers and shiny foliage make it a desirable ornamental, but it is not easy to cultivate.
 Deer browse stump sprouts heavily.
Osbeckia stellata (Thai: จุกนารี ) is a flowering plant in the family Melastomataceae.
Gordonia singaporeana is a species of plant in the Theaceae family.
 It is a tree found in Peninsular Malaysia and Singapore.
 It is threatened by habitat loss.
Gordonia taipingensis is a species of plant in the Theaceae family.
 It is a tree endemic to Peninsular Malaysia.
 It is threatened by habitat loss.
Eight Stamen Osbeckia, (Osbeckia octandra), is a plant species in the genus "Osbeckia" of the family Melastomataceae.
 It is considered to be endemic to Sri Lanka, where it is known as "Heen Bovitiya - හීන් බෝවිටියා" in Sinhala language.
 But some texts indicate that it is also found in Tamil Nadu of India.
 Fruits are dry capsules with numerous seeds.
 Leaves and young stems are edible, whereas leaves, stem and bark also widely used as a valuable medicine in Ayurveda for treating Diabetes mellitus, Hepatitis, Jaundice, and Hyperlipidaemia.
 The juice extracted from "Osbeckia octandra" leaves is an effective treatment for liver damage caused by Paracetamol poisoning
Rough Osbeckia, (Osbeckia aspera), also known as Rough small-leaved spider flower, is a plant species in the genus "Osbeckia" of the family Melastomataceae.
 It is native to India and Sri Lanka.
 Leaves are elliptic-lanceolate, base attenuate with more or less velvet-hairy on both sides.
 Flowers are pink in color, show terminal cymes inflorescence.
 Fruits are single seeded capsule.
Gordonia villosa is a species of plant in the Theaceae family.
 It is endemic to Jamaica.
Osbeckia is a genus of plants in the family Melastomataceae.
 It was named by Carl Linnaeus for the Swedish explorer and naturalist Pehr Osbeck (1723–1805).
