The Metro Buckeye Conference is a high school athletic conference located in southwestern Ohio.
 The conference sports include: Girls Volleyball, Soccer, Boys Cross Country, Boys Golf, Basketball, Girls Swimming, Baseball, Softball, Track, and Boys Tennis.
Craig Steven Virgin (born August 2, 1955) is an American distance runner.
 He was born in Belleville, Illinois and grew up near Lebanon, Illinois.
 While in high school, Virgin won 5 state championships (two in cross country and three in track) as well as setting the national outdoor high school 2-mile record of 8:40.9 (beating Steve Prefontaine's mark of 8:41.5, though slightly short of Gerry Lindgren's 8:40.0 indoor record from 1964).
 Additionally, Virgin remains the record-holder in Illinois Boys Cross Country, running a 13:50.6 in 1972, which has only been approached by within five seconds by Chris Derrick in 2007 (13:51.8) and Lukas Verzbicas in 2010 (13:53.8).
 He was "Track and Field News" "High School Athlete of the Year" in 1973.
Cross country running is a sport in which teams and individuals run a race on open-air courses over natural terrain such as dirt or grass.
 Sometimes the runners are referred to as "harriers" (dogs).
 The course, typically 4 - long, may include surfaces of grass, and earth, pass through woodlands and open country, and include hills, flat ground and sometimes gravel road.
 It is both an individual and a team sport; runners are judged on individual times and teams by a points-scoring method.
 Both men and women of all ages compete in cross country, which usually takes place during autumn and winter, and can include weather conditions of rain, sleet, snow or hail, and a wide range of temperatures.
The Great Edinburgh International Cross Country is an annual cross country running competition that takes place every January in Edinburgh, Scotland.
 It is one of the competitions in the Great Run series of athletics events and is held alongside the Great Winter Run 5 kilometres mass participation race.
 The event was first held in Edinburgh in 2005 after the city was awarded the Great North Cross Country which relocated from Durham.
 The Great Edinburgh International Cross Country features three professional races: the men's 8 km race, the women's 6 km race, and the 4x1km relay.
 It is an IAAF permit meeting, which means that performances can be used to qualify for the annual IAAF World Cross Country Championships.
James Munyala (born November 2, 1952) is a Kenyan athlete, known for running the steeplechase.
 Running for the University of Texas, El Paso he won three straight NCAA Championships 1975-1977.
 His 1976 win set the Franklin Field record that stood for 32 years.
 He was part of the controversial beginning wave of imported, older Kenyan athletes who allowed UTEP and Washington State University to dominate NCAA distance running.
 At the time, Craig Virgin suggested these athletes displaced opportunities for American athletes.
 Another star athlete mentioned was Washington State's Henry Rono who succeeded Munyala as NCAA Champion, with Munyala as runner-up, in 1978, blocking his attempt to win four straight.
 Later in 1978, Rono and Munyala went 1-2 for Kenya at both the African Games and the Commonwealth Games.
 Munyala won the Indoor Mile for UTEP in 1978 and is in the university's Hall of Fame when they ran the triple crown of the Men's Indoor, Outdoor and Cross Country Championships all in the same year.
Godfrey Malumo Siamusiye (born September 23, 1972) is a cross country and track and field runner from Choma, Zambia.
 He has competed in the Olympics in 1992 and 1996.
 He was also NCAA Division I Cross Country National Champion in 1995 and 1996.
 He was a member of the 1995 Arkansas Razorback cross country National Champion team.
 He coached from 2006 to 2012 as the head cross country coach at Shiloh Christian School in Springdale, Arkansas.
 In 2012, Siamusiye left Shiloh for the position of cross country coach at Springdale High School.
The 2nd African Cross Country Championships was an international cross country running competition for African athletes which was held on 18 March 2012 in Cape Town's Keurboom Park in South Africa.
 Organised by the Confederation of African Athletics and Athletics South Africa, it was the first time that the competition represented that year's foremost event in the sport, as the IAAF World Cross Country Championships was not held.
 Twenty-one nations entered athletes into the event and 160 runners participated in the races.
Tim Broe (born June 20, 1977 in Peoria, Illinois) is a retired American long-distance runner.
 He reached the 5000 meters final at the 2004 Summer Olympics finishing eleventh.
 Tim competed collegiately for the University of Alabama where his 3,000m steeplechase record still stands.
 He is a cross country running and track and field coach.
 In his second year of coaching Wellesley High School boys cross country, the team won the MIAA Division State Cross Country Championships
Quince Orchard High School (QOHS), also known as Q.O. High School, is a secondary school located on Quince Orchard Road in an unincorporated area of Gaithersburg in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States.
 Quince Orchard's incoming freshmen come from Lakelands Park and Ridgeview Middle School as well as Roberto Clemente Middle School magnet program.
 Until the end of the 2007 school year Quince Orchard also took in freshman from Kingsview Middle School.
 Parts of Gaithersburg and North Potomac assigned to Quince Orchard.
 Quince Orchard High won 4 state championships in 2007-2008, in boys cross country running, girls soccer, American football, boys indoor track.
Derlis Ramón Ayala Sanchez (born 7 January 1990 in Ciudad del Este) is a Paraguayan Long Distance runner.
 He represented Paraguay at the 2008 South American Cross Country Championships, 2011 South American Cross Country Championships, 2013 South American Cross Country Championships and 2014 South American Cross Country Championships.
 He is tied to Paraguay Marathon Club in the Federación Paraguaya de Atletismo.
 He won a Bronze Medal at the 2009 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships.
 He has the national record for 10 km.
