Live at the Boarding House is an album recorded by the 1973-1974 bluegrass supergroup, Old and in the Way .
 It is a complete recording of a concert held October 08, 1973, at the Boarding House in San Francisco, California.
 It was released in 2008.
The Brann Boardinghouse is a historic boarding house located on Bryan Street in Tonopah, Nevada.
 The 2 ⁄ -story building is the largest wood-frame residence in Tonopah.
 The building's design includes a two-story porch with a balustrade along the second floor, molded cornices, boxed eaves, and a hipped roof; the inside has 18 rooms connected by two central halllways, one on each floor.
 Mrs. A.J. Brann built the boarding house in 1906.
 It was one of many boarding houses built in Tonopah to house the community's miners.
 The house is now one of only four boarding houses remaining in Tonopah.
Fultah Fisher's Boarding House is a 1922 American silent film short and the first film directed by Frank Capra.
 Based on a poem by Rudyard Kipling, the film is about prostitute living at a boarding house who provokes a fight that leads to the death of a sailor.
The Cure: "Reflections" refers to a set of shows in which The Cure played their first three albums "Three Imaginary Boys", "Seventeen Seconds" and "Faith" in full at the VividLive festival at the Sydney Opera House on 31 May and 1 June 2011.
 All three albums were played in their entirety on both nights, along with several other tracks from the same era.
Pleasant Inn, also known as William F. Simmons House, is a historic boarding house located at Myrtle Beach in Horry County, South Carolina.
 It was built about 1927 and features a low, two-story height; wood frame construction; tiered, two-story full facade porches; side stairway leading to upstairs entrance; and rentable rooms for boarders.
 It also has exposed rafter ends and gable vents.
 It is one of the few remaining examples of the two-story boarding/guest houses that pre-dates Hurricane Hazel (1954).
The Boarding House was a music and comedy nightclub located at 960 Bush Street in San Francisco, California, opened by David Allen in 1971.
 Robin Williams launched his career there and Steve Martin's first three albums, "Let's Get Small", "A Wild and Crazy Guy", and "Comedy Is Not Pretty" were recorded there, in whole or in part.
 The club was also host to a multitude of musical acts, such as Dolly Parton, Patti Smith, Neil Young, Bette Midler, Billy Joel, Bob Marley, Mason Williams, The Tubes, Talking Heads, Old and in the Way, Randy Newman, Dan Hicks & His Hot Licks, Jim Croce, Harry Chapin and Tom Waits.
 British progressive rock group Camel played there on 6/26/76 in a performance that was broadcast on KSAN-FM, and cult favorites The Residents also first played there.
 Ellen DeGeneres and Jay Leno have said they first met at The Boarding House.
The W C A Boarding House is a historic boarding house at 19 Bliss Street in Springfield, Massachusetts.
 It is one Springfield's few surviving boarding house structures from the 19th century.
 It was built in 1884 by the Women's Christian Association (WCA), a social welfare organization that was a predecessor to the Young Women's Christian Association.
 The three story brick structure was used by the WCA as a space for boarding respectable working class single women.
 With the construction of a new facility in 1910, the property was operated as a private boarding house.
 Since 1962 the building has house the Springfield Rescue Mission, a social welfare agency.
Carpenter is a ghost town in Mesa County, Colorado, United States, twelve miles northeast of Grand Junction at the end of an extension to 27¼ Road.
 The settlement was established by William Thomas Carpenter early in 1890 to provide the miners who worked in his two Book Cliff mines with a place to live.
 He began building shacks to house his single miners and later erected small houses for the employees with families.
 As a result of the town's rapid growth, a request to the U.S. post office to establish a branch there in June 1890 was quickly obliged and the community was officially dubbed Carpenter.
 However, the town never attained a population of over 50, and the post office closed its doors after only a year.
 After the closure of its post office, Carpenter built a company store and a combination boarding house/restaurant.
 Book Cliff company stone cutters and masons constructed several buildings and many foundations at Carpenter, using stone from the company quarry near the cliffs.
 One of the finest examples of a building made of Book Cliff sandstone is the Fruita, Colorado Catholic church.
 Several years of prosperity followed the arrival of the Little Book Cliff Railway at the townsite in 1892.
 Carpenter began to formulate big plans for his village.
 He envisioned it as a tourist resort complete with hotel, dance pavilion, picnic areas, and even a lake that was to be fed by a spring located near his Book Cliff mines.
 Carpenter renamed the camp "Poland Spring" after a noted resort of that name in Maine.
 It was variously referred to as Polen, Pollen, and Polan Springs, despite the fact that Carpenter’s intended name was evidenced by his having it emblazoned on the side of one of his railroad excursion cars.
 The resort plans were never completed because Carpenter went broke shortly after the Panic of 1893.
 Isaac Chauncey Wyman, a wealthy Massachusetts investor, became the next owner of the Book Cliff company.
 The town continued to enjoy an active existence because he did much to improve the mines and thus created a need for additional employees.
 The old eating house, referred to as the "Hotel de Carpenter" on occasion, was converted into a school and church for the camp’s inhabitants, and many company structures were rebuilt and improved during Wyman’s tenure as owner.
 The new name "Book Cliff" was applied to the town but did not adhere any better than did Poland Springs.
 Usually people referred to the place as the “Book Cliff Mines.”
 The town reached its zenith and then began a gradual decline following Wyman’s death in 1910.
 In his will Wyman left the town, railroad, and mines to Princeton University.
 Princeton managed everything for 15 years then decided to abandon it all in 1925.
 By the end of that summer nearly everything had been sold, dismantled, and hauled away.
Live at the Boarding House: The Complete Shows is a four-CD live album by the bluegrass band Old and in the Way.
 It was recorded on October 1 and October 8, 1973, at the Boarding House in San Francisco, and contains the complete concerts from those dates.
 It was released by Acoustic Disc and Acoustic Oasis on October 1, 2013.
 The album includes 55 tracks, 14 of which were previously unreleased.
Yount's Woolen Mill and Boarding House is a historic woolen mill and boarding house located in Ripley Township, Montgomery County, Indiana.
 The boarding house was built in 1851, and is a two-story, "L"-shaped, Late Federal style brick building.
 It has a gable-on-hip roof and two-story porch on the rear side.
 The mill was built in 1864, and is a 2 1/2-story brick building on a raised basement with Greek Revival style design elements.
 Also on the property are the remains of an 1849 frame mill, an 1867 brick building, dam and mill race.
 The Yount Mill was contracted by the U.S. Government to manufacture Army uniforms during both the American Civil War and Spanish–American War.
