Hill Mansion is a historic home located at Culpeper, Culpeper County, Virginia.
 It was built in 1857-1858, and is a two-story, four bay, brick dwelling in the Italianate style.
 It measures 39 feet by 38 feet, 7 inches, and rests on a high brick foundation.
 The front facade features a one-story porch consisting of an arcade, supported on Tuscan order piers, with a bracketed cornice.
 It was the home of Edward Baptist Hill, whose brother, General A. P. Hill, was a frequent visitor during the American Civil War.
 It also served as a Confederate hospital and later as headquarters for Union officers.
Cyril Cecil Smart (23 July 1898 – 21 May 1975) was an English cricketer who played for Glamorgan and Warwickshire County Cricket Clubs between 1920 and 1946, featuring in 236 first-class cricket matches as a right-handed batsman and occasional leg-break spin bowler.
 Smart, whose brother Jack was also a first-class cricketer and a Test match umpire, was considered by "Wisden" to be one of the "most explosive county batsmen" during the 1930s, and is well known for his then-world record hitting of thirty-two runs from a single over against Hampshire.
 He ended his career with the record number of sixes for any Glamorgan player at the time.
Coenred (also spelled Cenred or Cœnred fl.
 675–709) was king of Mercia from 704 to 709.
 Mercia was an Anglo-Saxon kingdom in the English Midlands.
 He was a son of the Mercian king Wulfhere, whose brother Æthelred succeeded to the throne in 675 on Wulfhere's death.
 In 704, Æthelred abdicated in favour of Coenred to become a monk.
Injong of Joseon (10 March 1515 – 8 August 1545, r. 1544–1545), born Yi Ho or Lee Ho, was the 12th king of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea.
 His father was King Jungjong, and his mother was Queen Janggyeong, whose brother was Yun Im.
 As the firstborn, he became Crown Prince in 1520 and succeeded his father to the throne following Jungjong's death in 1544.
The Fletcher, later Aubrey-Fletcher Baronetcy, of Clea Hall in the County of Cumberland, is a title in the Baronetage of Great Britain.
 It was created on 20 May 1782 for Henry Fletcher, a Director of the Honourable East India Company and Member of Parliament.
 He was a descendant of Philip Fletcher (17th century), whose brother Sir Richard Fletcher was the father of Sir Henry Fletcher, 1st Baronet, of Hutton in le Forest (see Fletcher baronets for more information on this branch of the family).
 Fletcher was succeeded by his son, Henry, the second Baronet.
 He was High Sheriff of Cumberland from 1810 to 1811.
 His grandson, the fourth Baronet, was a prominent Conservative politician.
 In 1903 he assumed by Royal licence the additional surname of Aubrey on inheriting the Aubrey estates on the death of Charles Aubrey.
 Aubrey-Fletcher died childless and was succeeded by his younger brother, Lancelot, the fifth Baronet.
 He assumed by Royal licence the additional surname of Aubrey on succeeding to the title in 1910.
 His eldest surviving son, Henry, the sixth Baronet, was Lord-Lieutenant of Buckinghamshire from 1954 to 1961.
 He was succeeded by his son, John, the seventh Baronet.
 He was High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire in 1961.
 As of 2008 the title is held by his son, Henry, the eighth Baronet, who succeeded in 1992.
 He is Lord-Lieutenant of Buckinghamshire since 2006.
Lamport and Holt was a shipping line based in Liverpool, England.
 It was founded in 1845 by William James Lamport and George Holt.
 Lamport was from Workington in Cumberland, while Holt, whose brother Alfred founded the Blue Funnel Line, was a Liverpool man.
Nuteena was a vegetarian meat analogue made primarily from peanut meal, soy, corn, and rice flour.
 Its recipe was based on Nuttose, which John Harvey Kellogg (whose brother Will Keith Kellogg founded what is now Kellogg's) created in 1896 as the first American meat analog.
 Nuteena was especially popular among Seventh-day Adventists, many of whom choose to be vegetarian based on the health message promoted by their church.
Madam Mavis (Annette Haven) runs a bordello in Memphis, Tennessee.
 Her exclusive client is Sheriff T.J. Thomson (Mike Horner), but he can't help her against Reverend Pritchit (R.J. Reynolds) who sends Deacon Davis (Herschel Savage) and Brother Pyle (Jon Martin) to demonstrate outside.
 Alas, the demonstrators are soon lured inside to be with Angel (K.C. Valentine), Cherry (Dorothy LeMay), and Rose (Parker).
 Meanwhile, a woman called Tammy Sue (Danielle) knocks on the door saying someone just tried to rape her.
 Mavis calms her down and eventually offers her a job.
 She coaches her with the Sheriff.
 Rose reminisces about a college guy called Tommy Lee, whose brother Johnny Lee was with Dixie (Lisa De Leeuw).
 Per tradition, the captain of the winning football team Billy Ray then arrives and gets to be Tammy Sue's first sole client.
 The Sheriff offers to save the whorehouse by proposing to Mavis.
 Reverend Pritchit arrives personally to stop the ceremony, but his true face is exposed when Tammy Sue reveals he's the man who tried to rape her.
The Aravidu Dynasty was the fourth and last Hindu dynasty which ruled Vijayanagara Empire in South India.
 Its founder was Tirumala Deva Raya, whose brother Rama Raya had been the masterful regent of the last ruler of the previous dynasty.
 Rama Raya's death at the Battle of Rakasa-Tangadi (also known as the Battle of Talikota) in 1565 led to the subsequent destruction of Vijayanagar by the combined forces of the Muslim states of Bijapur.
Senhime or Lady Sen (千姫 ) (May 26, 1597 – March 11, 1666) was the eldest daughter of the shogun Tokugawa Hidetada and his wife Oeyo.
 She was born during the Warring-States period of Japanese history.
 Her paternal grandfather was the founder of the Tokugawa shogunate, Tokugawa Ieyasu; her maternal grandfather was Azai Nagamasa; her grandmother was Oichi, whose brother was Oda Nobunaga.
 When she was six or seven, her grandfather married her off to Toyotomi Hideyori, who was the son of Toyotomi Hideyoshi.
