Bill Hay was an American radio announcer who was famous for his many years of work on the "Amos 'n' Andy" show with Charles J. Correll and Freeman F. Gosden.
 Gosden and Correll had a show similar to "Amos 'n' Andy" called "Sam 'n' Henry" at radio station WGN in Chicago, but after a dispute in 1927, they took the program's concept and WGN announcer Bill Hay across town to WMAQ.
 The "Amos 'n' Andy" team created the first syndicated radio show in history.
 The sponsor of "Amos 'n' Andy", Pepsodent, contractually stipulated that no one but Bill Hay was ever to announce their show.
Steak 'n Shake is an American casual restaurant chain located primarily in the Midwestern and Southern United States with locations also in the Mid-Atlantic and Western United States, Europe, and the Middle East.
 Steak 'n Shake Operations, Inc. is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.
 There are 544 locations, of which 417 are company-operated and 127 are franchised.
 Typical restaurant locations have sit-down, drive-thru and front-window service, resulting in a hybrid of fast-food to-go service and diner-style sit-down service.
 Many Steak 'n Shake restaurants are open 24 hours a day, seven days per week.
 The menu features primarily hamburgers and hand-dipped milkshakes, though other entrees, side items, and drinks are also available.
 There is no steak on the menu.
Ashland/63rd is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, located in the West Englewood neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois and serving the Green Line's Ashland branch.
 It is situated at 6315 S Ashland Avenue.
 It opened on May 6, 1969.
 This station is the southern terminal of the Ashland branch of the Green Line.
 The station contains a Park 'n' ride lot with 235 spaces as well as a Kiss 'n' Ride lane.
 Though the station itself was not rebuilt in the Green Line renovation of 1994-96, an elevator was added to the station during that time to make it ADA accessible.
 This is one of two stations on the Green Line to be named Ashland.
 The other station is on the Lake Street branch and is shared between the Green and Pink Lines.
 The Red Line served this station from May to October 2013, and April 2017 onward.
Wet 'n Wild Emerald Pointe (often simply referred to as Wet 'n Wild or Emerald Pointe) is a water park located in Greensboro, North Carolina, United States, and is part of the Wet 'n Wild chain of water parks.
 There are 14 slides, 5 pools, and 2 children areas.
 The Themed Entertainment Association has ranked the park 20th in North America in terms of attendance, of which they had 407,000 visitors as of 2015.
 Major regional competitors are Carowinds' Carolina Harbor in Charlotte, North Carolina and Dollywood's Splash Waterpark in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.
Ray's Splash Planet (often referred to as Ray's) is a Mecklenburg County, North Carolina funded water park located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.
 The aquatic facility is operated by the Mecklenburg County Park and Recreation department.
 Ray's Splash Planet is considered one of the largest indoor water parks in both of the Carolinas and is the largest water park in Charlotte, North Carolina, with over 29,000 square feet of space and using over 117,000 gallons of water at 87 degrees.
 The water is cleaned and sanitized through the use of chlorine, filtration and an ultraviolet germicidal irradiation system.
 There are multiple attractions including the Blue Comet, a three story figure 8 slide, and other family friendly attractions like the Orbiter, Saturation Station, the Vortex, Meteor Showers, Moon Beach and the Sea of Tranquility.
 The water park also features a fitness center and gymnasium shared with the Irwin Academic Center, an educational center of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools system.
 The first floor of the facility includes the pool area, locker rooms, birthday party classrooms and concessions stand.
 The second story includes the fitness center with an aerobics/dance studio.
 Access to the indoor gymnasium is also located on the second floor.
 Ray's Splash Planet is located on North Sycamore Street near Johnson & Wales University and is just off Interstate 77 in North Carolina in the Third Ward section of Uptown Charlotte.
 The water park opened on October 15, 2002 with help from Mecklenburg County Park and Recreation's partnership with Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools.
 Major competitors are Carowinds in Charlotte, North Carolina, Great Wolf Lodge in Concord, North Carolina and Wet 'n Wild Emerald Pointe in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Aqua Twist is a water-based teacup ride located at several Six Flags theme parks in North America.
 Designed by Mack Rides, a German ride manufacturer, the attraction is one of their "Twist 'n' Splash" models.
 Since 2013, Six Flags has installed Aqua Twists in three of their parks.
The Casey Jr.
 Splash 'n' Soak Station is an attraction in the Fantasyland section of Walt Disney World in Bay Lake, Florida.
 Casey Jr is the train seen in the film "Dumbo", where Dumbo, his mother, Mrs. Jumbo, and other circus animals travel on to the shows.
 This attraction is a water play area across from the Dumbo the Flying Elephant ride and The Barnstormer starring the Great Goofini.
 It is designed to look like it has actual animals in the train by having elephant trunks and giraffes that spray out water at young guests.
G.O. Guy was a small chain of drugstores located in the Seattle area of the U.S. state of Washington.
 The chain was founded in 1888 by George Omar Guy.
 Throughout the early 20th century, G.O. Guy's was the second largest drug store chain in Seattle behind Bartell Drugs and predated it by two years.
 In 1987 Pay 'n Save purchased all six locations and converted most of them to Pay 'n Save express stores, slightly smaller than full service stores.
 Pay 'n Save was bought by Thrifty PayLess which in turn was bought by Rite Aid.
Hog Lake is a natural freshwater lake in the Sun 'N Lakes community, in Highlands County, Florida (see Sun 'n Lake of Sebring, Florida).
 Hog Lake has a surface area of 19.6 acre .
 About 1 acre of this is a manmade island inside the lake.
 The lake is directly north of the Sun 'N Lakes community center and is inside a park.
 The country club restaurant is directly north of the lake.
Hat 'n' Boots is a roadside attraction and landmark in the Georgetown neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
 Built in 1954 as part of a Western-themed gas station, it is billed as the largest hat and cowboy boots in America.
 To preserve this landmark, the City of Seattle moved the Hat 'n' Boots to the new Oxbow Park in December 2003.
