In computer security, the "dancing pigs" is a term or problem that describes computer users' attitudes to computer security.
 It states that users will continue to pick an amusing graphic even if they receive a warning from security software that it is potentially dangerous.
 In other words, users choose their primary desire features without considering the security.
 "Dancing pigs" is generally used by tech experts and can be found in IT articles.
Lawrence A. Gordon is the EY Alumni Professor of Managerial Accounting and Information Assurance at the University of Maryland’s Robert H. Smith School of Business.
 He is also an Affiliate Professor in the University of Maryland Institute for Advanced Computer Studies.
 Dr. Gordon earned his Ph.D. in Managerial Economics from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
 An internationally known scholar in the areas of managerial accounting (often called management accounting) and cybersecurity economics, Dr. Gordon's research focuses on such issues as economic aspects of information security (including cybersecurity or computer security), corporate performance measures, cost management systems, and capital investments.
 He is the author of approximately 100 articles, published in such journals as The Accounting Review, ACM Transactions on Information and System Security, Communications of the ACM, Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, Journal of Computer Security, MIS Quarterly, Accounting, Organizations and Society, and the Journal of Accounting and Public Policy.
 Dr. Gordon's current research emphasizes the importance of applying concepts from economics and managerial accounting to an information-based economy.
 Dr. Gordon is the co-creator (with Martin P. Loeb) of the Gordon-Loeb Model, which provides a mathematical economic model for deriving an organization's optimal investment level in cyber/information security.
 The Gordon-Loeb Model has been featured in The Wall Street Journal and The Financial Times.
 For a 3-minute video that provides a non-mathematical overview of the Model, go to: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd8dT0FuqQ4.
 Dr. Gordon also is the author of several books, including Managerial Accounting: Concepts and Empirical Evidence, Managing Cybersecurity Resources: A Cost-Benefit Analysis and Improving Capital Budgeting: A Decision Support System Approach.
 In addition, he is the Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Accounting and Public Policy and serves on the editorial boards of several other journals.
 Dr. Gordon's research has over 6,400 citations in Google Scholar.
iX is a German monthly computer magazine, published by the Heise Verlag publishing house since 1988.
 The magazine focuses primarily on professional IT.
 Within this area it deals with a broad range of issues, ranging from various programming topics, server hardware reviews and virtualization, computer security to articles about emerging technologies and current IT related legal or political issues.
Bruce Schneier ( ; born January 15, 1963) is an American cryptographer, computer security professional, privacy specialist and writer.
 He is the author of several books on general security topics, computer security and cryptography.
Proceedings is a 96-page monthly magazine published by the United States Naval Institute.
 Launched in 1874, it is one of the oldest continuously published magazines in the United States.
 "Proceedings" covers topics concerning global security and includes articles from military professionals and civilian experts, historical essays, book reviews, full-color photography, and reader commentary.
 Roughly a third are written by active-duty personnel, a third by retired military, and a third by civilians.
 "Proceedings" also frequently carries feature articles by Secretaries of Defense, Secretaries of the Navy, Chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and top leaders of the Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard.
ICSA Labs (International Computer Security Association) began as NCSA (National Computer Security Association).
 Its mission was to increase awareness of the need for computer security and to provide education about various security products and technologies.
A Physical Security Professional (PSP) is a Board certification process for individuals involved in the physical security of organizations.
 This certification process is offered by ASIS International.
 Certification lasts for three years, during which time ASIS requires credential holders to complete 60 "Continuing Professional Education" credits in order to meet recertification standards.
The Rainbow Series (sometimes known as the Rainbow Books) is a series of computer security standards and guidelines published by the United States government in the 1980s and 1990s.
 They were originally published by the U.S. Department of Defense Computer Security Center, and then by the National Computer Security Center.
Ryan Donald Lackey (born March 17, 1979) is an entrepreneur and computer security professional.
 He was a co-founder of HavenCo, the world's first data haven.
 He also speaks at numerous conferences and trade shows, including DEF CON, RSA Data Security Conference, on various topics in the computer security field, and has appeared on the cover of Wired Magazine, in numerous television, radio, and print articles on HavenCo and Sealand.
 Lackey operated BlueIraq, a VSAT communications and IT company serving the DoD and domestic markets in Iraq and Afghanistan during the US conflicts.
Security Management is the monthly magazine of ASIS International (formerly the American Society for Industrial Security).
 The publication combines featured articles on topics such as terrorism and corporate espionage, with staff-written departments covering news and trends, homeland security, IT security, and legal developments.
 The magazine is based in Alexandria, Virginia.
