Library of Souls is a sequel to 2014 novel "Hollow City" written by Ransom Riggs and third book in the series of "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children".
 It was released on September 22, 2015 by Quirk Books.
"You and Only You" is a song written by J.D. Martin and Chuck Jones, and recorded by American country music artist John Berry.
 It was released in October 1994 as the fifth single from the album "John Berry".
 The song peaked at number 4 on the U.S."Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and reached number-one on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
"Your Love Amazes Me" is a song written by Amanda Hunt-Taylor and Chuck Jones, and recorded by American country music singer John Berry.
 It was released in January 1994 as the third single from the album "John Berry".
 It is his only Number One single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.
 It was also the first of two Number Ones for him on the "RPM" Country Tracks charts.
 A cover version was released in 1996 by pop singer Michael English.
 Andy Childs also recorded it on his 1993 self-titled album and released it as the B-side to his 1993 single "Broken."
Hollow City is a 2014 dark fantasy novel and a sequel to "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" written by Ransom Riggs.
 It was released on January 14, 2014 by Quirk Books.
 The novel is set right after the first, and sees Jacob and his friends fleeing from Miss Peregrine's to the "peculiar capital of the world", London.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a contemporary fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs.
 The story is told through a combination of narrative and vernacular photographs from the personal archives of collectors listed by the author.
William John Berry (16 October 1944 – 3 August 2012), better known as John Berry, was a speedway promoter, team manager, and writer who revived the Ipswich Witches in 1969 and managed the England team.
Ransom Riggs (born February 3, 1979) is an American writer and filmmaker best known for the book "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children".
"What's in It for Me" is a song written by Gary Burr and John Jarrard, and recorded by American country music artist John Berry.
 It was released in June 1994 as the fourth single from the album "John Berry".
 The song reached number 5 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and peaked at number 2 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
"Kiss Me in the Car" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist John Berry.
 It was released in September 1993 as the second single from the album "John Berry".
 The song reached #22 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 The song was written by Berry and Chris Waters.
John Berry is an album released by American country music artist John Berry.
 It was released in 1993 by Liberty Records.
 It peaked at #13 on the Top Country Albums chart, and was certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 Singles released from it include "A Mind of Her Own", "Kiss Me in the Car", "Your Love Amazes Me", "What's In It for Me" and "You and Only You".
