Kangpenqing (also Gang Benchhen) is a mountain in the Baiku Himalayas of Tibet, China.
 At an elevation of 7281 m it is the 90th highest mountain in the world.
 The peak was first climbed in 1982.
Kirat Chuli or Tent Peak is a mountain in the Himalayas.
 It lies on the border between Nepal and India.
Gimmigela Chuli, or The Twins, is a mountain in the Himalayas, located on the border between Taplejung, Mechi, Nepal and Sikkim, India.
 It has an elevation of 7350 m above sea level and is situated approximately 4.2 km NNE from Kangchenjunga, the third highest peak on Earth.
Mount Lao, or Laoshan () is a mountain located near the East China Sea on the southeastern coastline of the Shandong Peninsula in China.
 The mountain is culturally significant due to its long affiliation with Taoism and is often regarded as one of the "cradles of Taoism".
 It is the highest coastal mountain in China and the second highest mountain in Shandong, with the highest peak (Jufeng) reaching 1132.7 m .
 The mountain lies about 30 km to the northeast of the downtown area of the City of Qingdao and is protected by the Qingdao Laoshan National Park that covers an area of 446 square kilometers.
Fenghuang Mountain () is a mountain located in Fengcheng, Dandong City, Liaoning Province, China.
 Its highest peak is called Jianyan () with a height of 836 meters above sea level.
 Fenhuang Mountain is one of Liaoning Provinces's four famous mountains, the other three being Qianshan, Yiwulü Mountain and Yao Mountain.
Golden Emperor International Ltd. or commonly known as GeIL is a manufacturer of computer hardware components, based in Taipei, Taiwan with focus in DRAM and flash based memory products since 1993.
 Since then, GeIL has been concentrating in memory module design and manufacturing technology.
 The company employs around 300 people as of Q1 2009 with distribution in 50 countries worldwide.
 GeIL’s headquarters is located in Taipei, Taiwan, with branches in Hong Kong and China.
Balamta (बलम्ता ) is a small Village Development Committee in eastern Nepal, located at northern part of the Udayapur District.
 It is an area with a length of about 30 miles and breadth of 15 miles extending from the top of the foothill down to the Sun Kosi river, one of the major rivers in Nepal, at its eastern tip.
 Balamta is surrounded by other VDCs such as; Tamlichha, Barah, and Jante.
 It has been divided into nine wards: Chhatang, Dandatol, Chalestemma, Majhagaun, Tharpulung, Deurali, Laku, and Tirla.
 The population is about 7,000 and the majority of people who live in these villages are Rai.
 The communities have a unique culture and their own religion.
 Balamta has three primary schools, a higher secondary school, a primary health center, a post office, and the office of the VDC.
 Balamta village is well known for the statue of 'Yalambar', the first Kirat King of Nepal.
 The society is very consistent, hospitable, and live with a good virtue of ethics.
 People are well educated and the village has a literacy rate of 90 percent.
 People from this province are scattered all around the world.
 The main destination countries are India, Hong Kong, UK, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, China, Malaysia, Dubai, USA, and others.
Mount Jizu () is situated Dali Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.
 The mountain is located to the northeast of Erhai and forms the tripoint of three counties: Heqing, Binchuan, and Dali City.
 Mount Jizu is a famed holy mountain in Buddhism.
 Its main peak, Tianzhu Peak, rises some 3,240 metres above sea level.
 The mountain is vegetated with dense forests and bamboo groves.
 With three mountain ranges to the front and one range to the rear, it appears like a cock's foot, hence its common name Mount Cock's Foot or Mt. Cock's Claw.
 Yet another name for this mountain is Nine Strata Cliffs.
Mingli Sar is a mountain located in the Shimshal valley in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
 The mountain, located in the Karakoram mountain range, is 6050 meters high and located at the southernmost part of the Pamir mountain range.
 It was first climbed in 1988 by the famous Pakistani climber Nazir Sabir.
 Shimshal lake sits at the base of the mountain.
 China is located to the north, while to the left is the Hindukush mountain range.
 K2 is located on the south eastern side of the valley.
Liushi Shan, also commonly called Kunlun Goddess, is a mountain in the Kunlun Mountain Range in China.
 The mountain is located on the border of the Tibet and Xinjiang provinces of China.
