The 4th Cavalry Regiment is a United States Army cavalry regiment, whose lineage is traced back to the mid-19th century.
 It was one of the most effective units of the Army against American Indians on the Texas frontier.
 Today, the regiment exists as separate squadrons within the U.S. Army.
 The 1st Squadron of the 4th Cavalry's official nickname is "Quarterhorse", which alludes to its 1/4 Cav designation.
 The 3rd Squadron of the 4th Cavalry's official nickname is "Raiders".
 Today, the "1st Squadron, 4th Cavalry", "2nd Squadron, 4th Cavalry", "4th Squadron, 4th Cavalry", and "6th Squadron, 4th Cavalry" are parts of the 1st Infantry Division, while the "3rd Squadron, 4th Cavalry" serves as part of the 25th Infantry Division.
 On 23 September 2009, the "4th Squadron, 4th Cavalry" officially stood up at Fort Riley, Kansas as part of the 1st "Devil" Brigade, 1st Infantry Division.
 On 28 March 2008, the "5th Squadron, 4th Cavalry" officially stood up at Fort Riley, Kansas as part of the 2nd "Dagger" Brigade, 1st Infantry Division.
 The 6th Squadron, 4th Cavalry served as part of the recently inactivated 1st Infantry Division, 3rd "Duke" Brigade, at Fort Knox, Kentucky.
Fearless is the 1988 debut album by British pop group Eighth Wonder.
 It is the group's only UK album release, is entirely uptempo, and contains six UK-issued singles (the earliest, "Stay With Me", dating back to 1985) including their highest-selling and best-remembered track, the Pet Shop Boys-produced and written "I'm Not Scared" (a #7 hit), and "Cross My Heart" (#13).
 "Fearless" peaked at #47 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Eighth Wonder split up in 1989, with lead singer Patsy Kensit going on to devote herself to her acting career.
The Hortus Palatinus, or Garden of the Palatinate, was a Baroque garden in the Italian Renaissance style attached to Heidelberg Castle, Germany.
 The garden was commissioned by Frederick V, Elector Palatine in 1614 for his new wife, Elizabeth Stuart, and became famous across Europe during the 17th century for the landscaping and horticultural techniques involved in its design.
 At the time it was known as the 'Eighth Wonder of the World', and has since been termed 'Germany's greatest Renaissance garden.'
Anita M. Cal (born October 14, 1966) is an American author, TV Writer, film producer, and international speaker best known for writing on the TBS family comedies, Tyler Perry's House of Payne and Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns.
 Cal first made a name for herself as the Writer/Producer of the comedy feature Kinfolks, developed by Showtime, Inc., starring In The House TV daughter Maia Campbell.
 Cal is also known as, A.M. Cal, the author of the December 2015 historical novel, Eighth Wonder: The Thomas Bethune Story, the true tale of a slave born blind, feeble, and left for dead who began playing Mozart at the age of three.
 The debut novel was awarded a SELF-e Highlighted Book by Library Journal and made available in libraries throughout the 50 states.
Kajraare is a Bollywood film that released on 15 October 2010.
 The film was directed by Pooja Bhatt and starred Himesh Reshammiya and the Pakistani actress Sara Loren.
 Reshammiya plays a singer who falls in love with a bar dancer and the film is centred on how they find true love.
 It is the first Hindi film to be shot in Petra, often called "the eighth wonder of the world."
Eighth Wonder were an English pop band, formed in 1983 in London.
 The band were composed of singer (future model and actress) Patsy Kensit, her brother Jamie Kensit, Steve Grantley and Geoff Beauchamp.
 The band enjoyed number-one singles in Japan and Italy between 1985 and 1987, as well as hit singles in the UK and across Europe in 1988.
4th Street is a street in Lower Manhattan, New York City.
 It starts at Avenue D as East 4th Street and continues to Broadway, where it becomes West 4th Street.
 It continues west until the Avenue of the Americas (Sixth Avenue), where West 4th Street turns north and confusingly intersects with West 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th Streets in Greenwich Village.
 Most of the street has the same 40 ft width between curbstones as others in the prevailing street grid, striped as two curbside lanes and one traffic lane, with one-way traffic eastbound.
 The portion from Seventh to Eighth Avenues is westbound (northbound geographically) and is approximately 35 ft wide, a legacy of the original Greenwich Village street grid.
 The section of four short blocks from MacDougal Street to University Place which forms the southern border of Washington Square Park is called Washington Square South.
Patricia Jude Francis Kensit (born 4 March 1968) is a British actress, singer, model, and former child star.
 She was lead singer of the band Eighth Wonder from 1983 to 1989.
 Between 2004 and 2006, Kensit played the role of Sadie King in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale".
 Following this, she played Faye Byrne in the BBC One medical drama "Holby City" from 2007 until 2010.
 Kensit has been married to musicians Dan Donovan, Jim Kerr, Liam Gallagher, and Jeremy Healy.
The NRG Astrodome, also known as the Houston Astrodome or simply The Astrodome, is the world's first multi-purpose, domed sports stadium, located in Houston, Texas.
 Construction on the stadium began in 1962, and it officially opened in 1965.
 It served as home to the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB) from its opening in 1965 until 1999, and the home to the Houston Oilers of the National Football League (NFL) from 1968 until 1996, and also the part-time home of the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1971 until 1975.
 Additionally, the Astrodome was the primary venue of the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo from 1966 until 2002.
 When opened, it was named the Harris County Domed Stadium and was nicknamed the "Eighth Wonder of the World".
The Amber Room or Yantarnaya Komnata (Russian: Янтарная комната , German: "Bernsteinzimmer" , Polish: "Bursztynowa komnata" ) is a world-famous chamber decorated in amber panels backed with gold leaf and mirrors, located in the Catherine Palace of Tsarskoye Selo near Saint Petersburg.
 Originally constructed in the 18th century in Prussia, the Amber Room disappeared during World War II and was recreated in 2003.
 Before the room was lost, it was considered an "Eighth Wonder of the World".
