Rawlins Park is a park in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington, D.C. The statue "General John A. Rawlins" is located on the eastern end of the park.
 Directly north of the park is the General Services Administration.
 Directly south is the Department of Interior building.
Icon Bay is a residential high-rise in the Edgewater neighborhood of Miami, Florida, containing about 300 units over 42 floors.
 In return for using the end of a city of Miami owned street where it meets Biscayne Bay, the project design approved included a small public park as appeasement.
 In 2016, the building was awarded sixth place in the Emporis best new skyscraper annual awards.
Bowling Green is a small public park in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City, at the southern end of Broadway, next to the site of the original Dutch fort of New Amsterdam.
 Built in 1733, originally including a bowling green, it is the oldest public park in New York City and is surrounded by its original 18th-century fence.
 The iconic "Charging Bull" sculpture is exhibited on its northern end.
Tangkrogen (lit.: The Kelp-nook) is a public park in Aarhus, Denmark.
 The park is situated in the neighborhood Midtbyen by the coast with the Bay of Aarhus to the southeast, the Marselisborg neighborhood to the West and the Port of Aarhus to the North.
 The park is bounded by "Strandvejen" and "Marselis Havnevej" across from "Chr.
 Filtenborgs Square".
 It is a municipal park managed by the Nature and Environment departmant (Danish: "Natur og Miljø") of Aarhus Municipality.
 Tangkrogen got its name from the kelp that filled the cove when recreational jetties were constructed when the city of Aarhus initially developed the area into a public park in the early 20th century.
Walt Whitman Park is a park located on E Street, NW between 19th & 20th Streets, NW in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington, D.C. A neighborhood playground is located in the park eastern end, across from Rawlins Park.
 Directly south of the park is the United States Office of Personnel Management (OPM).
 North of the park is the Elliott School of International Affairs Building of the George Washington University.
Theodora Park is a small public park in Charleston, South Carolina operated by the City of Charleston.
 The park was masterminded by David Rawle, public relations and marketing firm founder, who lives nearby in the historic Ansonborough neighborhood.
 The park, named for his mother, is one of Charleston's most unusual pocket parks.
Ellwood Park is a neighborhood in the eastern part of Baltimore, Maryland.
 It is named for a small public park with a playground between Jefferson and Orleans Streets.
 The neighborhood extends from Linwood Avenue and Haven Street, between Monument Street and Baltimore Street.
 It is contained within the 21224 zip code.
General John A. Rawlins is a statue depicting John Aaron Rawlins, a United States Army general who served during the Civil War and later as Secretary of War.
 The statue is a focal point of Rawlins Park, a small public park in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington, D.C. It was installed in 1874, but relocated several times between 1880 and 1931.
 The statue was sculpted by French-American artist Joseph A. Bailly, whose best known work is the statue of George Washington in front of Independence Hall in Philadelphia.
City Park, a 1300 acres public park in New Orleans, Louisiana, is the 87th largest and 20th-most-visited urban public park in the United States.
 City Park is approximately 50% larger than Central Park in New York City, the municipal park recognized by Americans nationwide as the archetypal urban greenspace.
 Although it is an urban park whose land is owned by the City of New Orleans, it is administered by the City Park Improvement Association, an arm of state government, not by the New Orleans Parks and Parkways Department.
 City Park is very unusual in that it is a largely self-supporting public park, with most of its annual budget derived from self-generated revenue through user fees and donations.
 In the wake of the enormous damage inflicted upon the park due to Hurricane Katrina, the Louisiana Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism began to partially subsidize the park's operations.
Lake Hartridge, with somewhat of a figure eight shape, has a surface area of 433 acre .
 This lake is on the north side of Winter Haven, Florida.
 Most of the lake's west shore is bordered by residential areas.
 The northwest shore is bordered by woods.
 The north shore is bordered woods and clearings.
 The northeast is bordered by more clearings.
 The east central and southeast shores are bordered by woods and a few residences.
 At the very southeast corner is Aldora Park, a small public park.
 The south shore is bordered by a large church.
 On the southwest shore is Lake Hartridge Nature Park, a public park.
