American singer Kelly Clarkson has recorded material for her seven studio albums.
 After signing a contract in 2002 with RCA Records, a division of then-Bertelsmann Music Group (now Sony Music), 20-year-old Clarkson released the double A-side single "Before Your Love" / "A Moment Like This" and began to record tracks for her debut studio album, "Thankful" (2003).
 Its lead single, "Miss Independent", received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 2004.
 "Miss Independent" was followed by "Low" and "The Trouble With Love Is", which was featured as a single from the soundtrack of the film "Love Actually".
 In 2004, Clarkson recorded the song "Breakaway", which was released as a single from the of the film "".
 The song's commercial success inspired Clarkson to name her second studio album "Breakaway".
 The album won a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album in 2006, while its second single, "Since U Been Gone", won for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.
 Subsequent singles, "Behind These Hazel Eyes" (2005), "Because of You" (2005), and "Walk Away" (2006), became successful hits.
 Clarkson's third studio album, "My December", was released in 2007.
 The album became a subject of a dispute with then RCA Music Group chairman Clive Davis, who criticized the album and suggested that Clarkson reunite with her previous collaborators. "
Never Again", the lead single from "My December", became its only hit single.
 Succeeding releases from "My December" included "Sober", "One Minute", and "Don't Waste Your Time".
Songs for the New Depression is the third studio album by American female singer Bette Midler, released in early 1976 on the Atlantic Records label.
 The album which saw her making her debut as a composer ("Mr. Rockefeller" and the French language "Samedi et Vendredi"), as well as co-producer and sound engineer features contributions from musicians as diverse as soul singer Luther Vandross, Todd Rundgren and Brazilian jazz accordionist Sivuca.
 "Songs for the New Depression" includes Midler's version of Tom Waits' "Shiver Me Timbers", a duet with Bob Dylan, "Buckets of Rain", and opens with her discofied take on Frank Sinatra's standard "Strangers in the Night" which became a #7 hit on the US dance charts.
 Two of the tracks, "Old Cape Cod" and "Marahuana", were originally recorded during the sessions for 1972 debut album "The Divine Miss M" but remixed three years later by producers Lew Hahn and Arif Mardin for "Songs for the New Depression".
 The album peaked at #27 on the "Billboard" album chart.
 "Mr. Rockefeller" was sampled by rapper Kanye West on the song, "Last Call", from his debut album, "The College Dropout".
Colbie Marie Caillat ( ; born May 28, 1985) is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist and pianist from Thousand Oaks, California.
 Caillat rose to fame through social networking website Myspace.
 At that time, she was the number-one unsigned artist of her genre.
 After signing with Universal Republic Records, she released her debut album in July 2007, "Coco", which included hit singles "Bubbly" and "Realize", has sold 2,060,000 copies in the United States and is certified 2x Platinum.
 In 2008, she recorded a duet with Jason Mraz, "Lucky", which won a Grammy Award.
 In August 2009, she released "Breakthrough", her second album, which became her first album to debut at number one on the "Billboard" 200.
 It has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 "Breakthrough" was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 2010 Grammy Awards.
 She was also part of the group that won Album of the Year at the 2010 Grammy Awards for her background vocals and writing on Taylor Swift's "Fearless" album.
 In July 2011, she released her third studio album, "All of You".
 In October 2012, she released her first Christmas album, "Christmas in the Sand".
Every Home Should Have One is a studio album by R&B/jazz singer Patti Austin.
 Released on Qwest Records in 1981, it includes the number-one hit duet with James Ingram, "Baby Come to Me", and the title track, which peaked at number 55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 She also scored a hit with "Do You Love Me?"
Think!
 is the third studio album by James Brown and The Famous Flames, featuring the hit singles "Baby You're Right" and their cover of "Bewildered", along with the group's hit cover of the title track, "Think" originally recorded by The "5" Royales.
 It also includes the national hits "I'll Go Crazy", "This Old Heart" and "Baby, You're Right", the regional hit "Good Good Lovin'", and Brown's B-side hit duet with Bea Ford, "You've Got the Power".
 In all, the album features no less than seven national Pop and R&B chart hits, and a few regional hits as well.
Late at Night is the thirteenth studio album by Billy Preston, released in 1979, and his debut for Motown Records.
 It also includes his hit duet with Syreeta Wright, "With You I'm Born Again" from the movie "Fast Break".
Marilyn Martin (born May 4, 1954) is an American singer and songwriter.
 She is best known for her 1985 hit duet with Phil Collins, "Separate Lives."
The discography of Rosanne Cash, an American singer-songwriter, consists of thirteen studio albums, six compilation albums, one tribute album, and 39 singles.
 The daughter of Johnny Cash, Rosanne Cash recorded her self-titled debut album in 1978 under the German label Ariola.
 After signing with Columbia Records in 1979, Cash's second studio album "Right or Wrong" was released.
 Its lead single "No Memories Hangin' Around" (a duet with Bobby Bare) reached the Top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.
 Cash's third studio release, "Seven Year Ache" (1981) gained major success when the title track peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Country chart, followed by "My Baby Thinks He's a Train" and "Blue Moon with a Heartache," which also reached the top spot.
 The album's follow-up effort, "Somewhere in the Stars" (1982) produced two Top 10 hits on the "Billboard" chart.
 After a 3-year hiatus, Cash issued "Rhythm & Romance" in 1985, which reached #1 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums list.
 It spawned four Top 10 singles.
 This included the number one single, "I Don't Know Why You Don't Want Me," which won the Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance in 1986.
 Her sixth album, "King's Record Shop" was released in 1987.
 The album peaked at number six on the country albums chart and certified gold in the United States.
 The four singles released from "King's Record Shop" all reached number one on the "Billboard" Country chart between 1987 and 1988, including a cover of Johnny Cash's "Tennessee Flat-Top Box."
"When Christmas Comes" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her second Christmas album/thirteenth studio album, "Merry Christmas II You" (2010).
 Carey wrote and produced the song in collaboration with James Poyser.
 A soul song with an influence of R&B, the lyrics are about giving the gift of love.
 In November 2011, Carey re-recorded the song as duet with John Legend, which was later released as a single.
 Both versions of the track were a hit in South Korea, with the duet debuting at number one with sales in excess of 80,000 copies.
 The song's accompanying music video features Carey and Legend at a hosting a Christmas house party.
 It has been performed by Carey at her ABC 2010 Christmas special and during her 2014 Beacon Theatre residency All I Want for Christmas Is You, A Night of Joy and Festivity in December 2014.
Joseph Adam "Joe" Jonas (born August 15, 1989) is an American singer and actor.
 Jonas first rose to fame as a member of the pop-rock band Jonas Brothers, along with his brothers Kevin and Nick.
 The band's debut album, "It's About Time" (2006), was a commercial failure following a limited release.
 The group signed with Hollywood Records, and in 2007 released their eponymous second studio album.
 The album went on to be a commercial success for the group, selling over two million copies in the United States alone.
 The group became heavily involved with the Disney Channel and later made their film debut in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock" (2008).
 The film and its soundtrack became a major hit for the network and helped propel the brothers into further commercial success.
 Their third studio album, "A Little Bit Longer" (2008), became their first to top the "Billboard" 200 and went on to become their highest selling album to date.
 The album's lead single became a top five hit in the United States.
 Their fourth studio album, "Lines, Vines and Trying Times" (2009) became their second to top the charts in the United States.
 The brothers also starred in two of their Disney Channel series from 2009 to 2010, being "JONAS L.A." and "".
 In 2010, the group starred in "", reprising their roles from the original film.
