Cartoon Cartoons is a collective name used by Cartoon Network for their original series from 1997 to 2003.
 The majority of them were produced by Hanna-Barbera and/or Cartoon Network Studios.
 The concept of Cartoon Cartoons was spearheaded by Fred Seibert, and originated from his animation anthology series, "What a Cartoon!
" (later re-titled to "The Cartoon Cartoon Show").
 Once their popularity had grown, the Cartoon Cartoons were featured on the network's Friday night programming block, Cartoon Cartoon Fridays.
Evil Con Carne is an American animated series/spin-off of "Grim & Evil" and sister show of "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy", created by Maxwell Atoms.
 The series first appeared on Cartoon Network during the show "Grim & Evil", along with "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy".
 The two series later became separate programs in 2003.
 While "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy" runs for six seasons, "Evil Con Carne" only runs fourteen episodes and ended on October 22, 2004.
 It was also part of Cartoon Network's series, "Cartoon Cartoons", and is the 15th and final cartoon of the series (albeit on when it was part of "Grim & Evil", due to the "Cartoon Cartoons" brand was temporary discontinued earlier in June 2003; the show itself is considered by some to be a "Cartoon Cartoon" regardless).
 An official series finale, titled "Company Halt", aired on March 16, 2007.
What a Cartoon!
 (later known as The What a Cartoon!
 Show and The Cartoon Cartoon Show) was an American animation showcase series created for and aired on Cartoon Network by Fred Seibert, who which is produced by Hanna-Barbera; the already founded Cartoon Network Studios began to produce some of the shorts as its division.
 The project consisted of 82 short cartoons, intended to return creative power to animators and artists, by recreating the atmospheres that spawned the iconic cartoon characters of the mid-20th century.
 Each of the shorts mirrored the structure of a theatrical cartoon, with each film being based on an original storyboard drawn and written by its artist or creator.
The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy (also known as Billy & Mandy) is an American animated television series created by Maxwell Atoms for Cartoon Network, and is the 14th of the network's Cartoon Cartoons (albeit on when it was part of "Grim & Evil", due to the "Cartoon Cartoons" brand being temporarily discontinued earlier in June 2003; the show itself is considered by some to still be a "Cartoon Cartoon" show regardless).
 It follows two children named Billy—a slow-witted boy—and Mandy—the cynical best friend—who, after winning a limbo game to save Billy's pet hamster, gain the mighty Grim Reaper as their best friend in eternal servitude and slavery.
Boo Boo Runs Wild is a stand-alone special parody of the Hanna-Barbera cartoon series, "The Yogi Bear Show".
 It was made by "The Ren & Stimpy Show" creator John Kricfalusi and his company Spümcø.
 "Boo Boo Runs Wild" originally aired on Cartoon Network on September 24, 1999, along with "A Day in the Life of Ranger Smith", a similar Yogi Bear-themed stand alone special.
 Despite Boo Boo being the arguable star of this short, it is title carded as "A Ranger Smith Cartoon".
 The short is dedicated to Ed Benedict, the original character designer for "The Yogi Bear Show" and other Hanna-Barbera properties of the 1950s-1960s.
Codename: Kids Next Door, commonly abbreviated to Kids Next Door or KND, is an American animated television series created by Tom Warburton for Cartoon Network, and the 13th of the network's "Cartoon Cartoons".
 The series centers on the adventures of five children who operate from a high-tech tree house, fighting against adult and teen villains with advanced 2×4 technology.
 Using their codenames (Numbuh 1, Numbuh 2, Numbuh 3, Numbuh 4, and Numbuh 5), they are Sector V, part of a global organization called the Kids Next Door.
Kyle Adam Carrozza (born May 19, 1979) is an American animator, cartoonist, storyboard artist, musician, songwriter, composer, character designer, comedian, writer and voice actor who is the creator of the animated series "Mighty Magiswords" on Cartoon Network, billed as the network's first online digital series.
 Prior to Magiswords, he was also the creator of MooBeard the Cow Pirate; an animated short from Nickelodeon's "Random!
 Cartoons".
Pepper Ann is an American animated series created by Sue Rose and aired on ABC.
 It debuted on September 13, 1997, and ended on November 18, 2000.
 It also aired on Toon Disney until 2005.
 "Pepper Ann" was the very first animated television series for Disney to be created by a woman, followed 15 years later by "Star vs. the Forces of Evil" (created by Daron Nefcy).
Thomas Warburton (born August 31, 1968), often credited as Mr. Warburton, is an American animator, producer, writer and designer.
 He is best known for creating the animated television series "".
 He also created the animated short "Kenny and the Chimp".
 Prior to that he served as production designer on the first season of "Beavis and Butt-Head" and was the lead character designer for the animated series "Pepper Ann".
 He is also the author of the book "A Thousand Times No".
 Since moving to Los Angeles in 2009 he has worked at Disney Television Animation serving as creative director on "Fish Hooks" and co-executive producer on "The 7D".
Sheep in the Big City is an American animated television series created by Mo Willems for Cartoon Network, and the 9th of the network's Cartoon Cartoons.
 The series' pilot first premiered as part of Cartoon Network's "Cartoon Cartoon Summer" on August 18, 2000.
