Brian Hugh Warner (born January 5, 1969), known professionally as Marilyn Manson, is an American singer, songwriter, musician, composer, actor, painter, author and former music journalist.
 He is known for his controversial stage personality and image as the lead singer of the band Marilyn Manson, which he co-founded with guitarist Daisy Berkowitz and of which he remains the only constant member.
 His stage name was formed by combining and juxtaposing the names of two American pop cultural icons: actress Marilyn Monroe and cult leader Charles Manson.
Norma Jean & Marilyn is a 1996 made-for-TV biographical film produced by HBO and premiered on May 18, 1996.
 The film featured Ashley Judd as Norma Jean Dougherty and Mira Sorvino as Marilyn Monroe.
 It was partially based on "Norma Jean: My Secret Life With Marilyn Monroe" by actor Eddie Jordan (played by Josh Charles), who claimed to have had a years-long relationship with Monroe.
Marilyn Manson is an American rock band formed by singer Marilyn Manson and guitarist Daisy Berkowitz in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in 1989.
 Originally named Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids, they gained a local cult following in South Florida in the early 1990s with their theatrical live performances.
 In 1993, they were the first act signed to Trent Reznor's Nothing Records label.
 Until 1996, the name of each member was created by combining the first name of an iconic female sex symbol and the last name of an iconic serial killer, for example Marilyn Monroe and Charles Manson.
 Their lineup has changed between many of their album releases; the current members of Marilyn Manson are the eponymous lead singer (the only remaining original member), bassist Twiggy Ramirez, guitarists Paul Wiley and Tyler Bates, and drummer Gil Sharone.
Jayne Mansfield was an actress, singer, playmate and stage show performer who had an enormous impact on popular culture of the late 1950s despite her limited success in Hollywood.
 She has remained a well-known subject in popular culture ever since.
 During a period between 1956 and 1957, there were about 122,000 lines of copy and 2,500 photographs that appeared in newspapers.
 In an article on her in the "St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture" (1999), Dennis Russel said that "Although many people have never seen her movies, Jayne Mansfield remains, long after her death, one of the most recognizable icons of 1950s celebrity culture."
 In the 2004 novel "Child of My Heart" by Alice McDermott, a National Book Award winning writer, the 1950s is referred to as "in those Marilyn Monroe/Jayne Mansfield days".
 R. L. Rutsky and Bill Osgerby has claimed that it was Mansfield along with Marilyn Monroe and Brigitte Bardot who made the bikini popular.
Sunny Thompson is an American singer, actress and recording artist best known for her portrayal of Marilyn Monroe in the critically acclaimed, award-winning one-woman show "“Marilyn Forever Blonde, The Marilyn Monroe Story In Her Own Words & Music.”"
 She has recorded several albums, one of which, ""Te Necesito,"" earned her a gold record in South America.
Let Me Make You a Martyr is a 2017 American action crime drama film written, directed and co-produced by Corey Asraf and John Swab, and starring Marilyn Manson, Mark Boone Junior, Niko Nicotera, Michael Potts, Sam Quartin, Slaine & Danny Boy.
Piotr Łuszcz also known as Magik (pol.
 "Magician") (born on 18 March 1978 in Jelenia Góra; died on 26 December 2000 in Katowice) was a Polish rapper, and a record producer.
 From 1994 to 1998 he was a member of the Polish hip hop group Kaliber 44.
 After he left Kaliber 44 he formed the group Paktofonika with Sebastian Salbert, whose stage name was "Rahim", and Wojciech Alszer, whose stage name was "Fokus".
Sam Quartin is a musician, producer and actress best known for role as June Glass, starring alongside Marilyn Manson in the American movie Let Me Make You a Martyr"(2017), also for "By the Rivers of Babylon)" and "Aimy in a Cage".
Kenneth Robert Wilson (born September 28, 1965), better known by his stage name Ginger Fish, is an American drummer primarily known for playing drums for Marilyn Manson from 1995-2011.
 Like Marilyn Manson, which combines the names of an iconic beauty with a serial killer, his name combines those of Ginger Rogers and Albert Fish.
The Marilyn Monroe mural, located at 2604 Connecticut Ave NW, Washington D.C, depicts pop culture icon Marilyn Monroe on the upper outside wall of Salon Roi.
 It was installed in 1981 by artist John Bailey.
 It was commissioned by Charles Stinson for Salon Roi's owner, Roi Barnard's 40th birthday.
