Kunturi (Aymara for condor, hispanicized spelling "Condori") is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5000 m high.
 It is located in the Arequipa Region, La Unión Province, Puyca District.
 Kunturi lies east of a lake named Ikmaqucha.
 Taypi Q'awa is the mountain northeast of it.
 The intermittent streams south of Kunturi flow to the Uqururu (Aymara and Quechua for "Mimulus glabratus", hispanicized "Ojoruro"), also known as Sumana or Cotahuasi, which flows to the Cotahuasi Canyon in the southwest.
Kunturi (Aymara for condor, hispanicized spelling "Condori") is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5208 m high.
 It is situated in the Arequipa Region, Condesuyos Province, Cayarani District, and in the La Unión Province, Puyca District, northeast of the mountain Hatunpata "(Atunpata)".
 Kunturi lies south of the river Uqururu (Aymara and Quechua for "Mimulus glabratus", hispanicized "Ojoruro"), also known as Sumana or Cotahuasi, which flows to the Cotahuasi Canyon in the southwest.
Cajamarca (] ; Quechua: "Kashamarka" ; Aymara: "Qajamarka" ) is a region in Peru.
 The capital is the city of Cajamarca.
 It is located in the north part of the country and shares a border with Ecuador.
 It is located at heights reaching 2700 m above sea level in the Andes Mountain Range, the longest mountain range in the world.
 Part of its territory includes the Amazon Rainforest, in total the largest in the world.
Apachita Pura Pura (Aymara and Quechua "apachita" the place of transit of an important pass in the principal routes of the Andes; name in the Andes for a stone cairn, a little pile of rocks built along the trail in the high mountains, Aymara "pura pura" "Xenophyllum" (or a species of it), also spelled "Apacheta Pura Pura") is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in Bolivia, about 5360 m high.
 It is situated in the La Paz Department, Franz Tamayo Province, Pelechuco Municipality, northwest of the mountain Rit'i Apachita and southeast of Chuquyu.
The Andes or Andean Mountains (Spanish: "Cordillera de los Andes" ) are the longest continental mountain range in the world.
 They form a continuous highland along the western edge of South America.
 This range is about 7000 km long, about 200 to wide (widest between 18° south and 20° south latitude), and of an average height of about 4000 m .
 The Andes extend from north to south through seven South American countries: Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Argentina and Chile.
Aquichua (possibly from Aymara, "jaqhi" precipice, cliff, Aymara and Quechua "chuwa" plate, "cliff plate") is a mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5300 m high.
 It is located in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Marcapata District.
 Aquichua is situated north east of the lake Sibinacocha and the mountain Chumpe and north of the Yayamari.
Huillolluni (possibly from Aymara and Quechua "willullu" poor / orphan, Aymara "-ni" a suffix to indicate ownership, "the one with an orphan") is a mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5000 m high.
 It is situated in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Marcapata District, and in the Paucartambo Province, Kosñipata District.
 Huillolluni lies north-east of the mountain Qullqipunku and north-west of the mountain Ancahuachana.
Alcamarinayoc (possibly from Aymara and Quechua "allqamari" mountain caracara) or Colque Cruz (possibly from Aymara and Quechua "qullqi" money, silver, Spanish "cruz" cross) is a 6102 m mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru.
 It is situated in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Ocongate District.
 Alcamarinayoc lies northwest of the peak of Chumpe, north of Quevesere and northeast of Ichhu Ananta.
Qachini (Aymara "qachi" a corral where sheep is separated or cured, "-ni" a suffix to indicate ownership, 'the one with a corral for sheep', also spelled "Ccachine, Jachini") or Tara Paka (Aymara for "two-headed eagle", Quechua for Andean eagle, hispanicized spelling "Tarapacá") is a mountain in the north of the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5200 m high.
 It is located in the Puno Region, Putina Province, Ananea District, northwest of La Rinconada.
 Qachini lies southwest of the mountain named Wilaquta, northeast of Qala K'umu and southeast of Qurwari.
The Wind River Range (or "Winds" for short), is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in western Wyoming in the United States.
 The range runs roughly NW-SE for approximately 100 miles (161 km).
 The Continental Divide follows the crest of the range and includes Gannett Peak, which at 13,804 feet (4,207 m), is the highest peak in Wyoming.
 There are more than 40 other named peaks in excess of 13,000 feet (3,962 m).
 With the exception of the Grand Teton in the Teton Range, the next 19 highest peaks in Wyoming after Gannett are also in the Winds.
 Two large National Forests including three wilderness areas encompass most of the mountain range.
 Shoshone National Forest is on the eastern side of the continental divide while Bridger-Teton National Forest is on the west.
 Both National Forests and the entire mountain range are an integral part of the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem.
 Portions of the range are also inside the Wind River Indian Reservation.
