Miloslav Ladislav "Ladi" Geisler (November 27, 1927 – November 19, 2011) was a German musician who established a high profile in the post-war German music scene.
 Best known for his work with pop musicians Bert Kaempfert, James Last and Freddy Quinn, Geisler developed the distinctive "Knack-Bass" percussive bass sound that helped popularize the Bert Kaempfert Orchestra.
 He later released numerous records under his own name.
"Danke Schoen" is a 1962 song first recorded by Bert Kaempfert.
 It gained its fame in 1963 when American singer Wayne Newton recorded his version of it.
 It regained fame when it was featured in the 1986 American comedy film "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", lip synced by the main character, Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick).
 The music was composed by Bert Kaempfert, with the German lyrics written by Kurt Schwabach and the English lyrics by Milt Gabler.
 The melody was originally released without lyrics under the title "Candlelight Cafe".
"Strangers in the Night" is a song credited to Bert Kaempfert with English lyrics by Charles Singleton and Eddie Snyder.
 Kaempfert originally used it under the title "Beddy Bye" as part of the instrumental score for the movie "A Man Could Get Killed."
 The song was made famous in 1966 by Frank Sinatra, although it was initially given to Melina Mercouri, who thought that a man's vocals would suit more to the melody and therefore declined to sing it.
"L-O-V-E" is a song recorded by Nat King Cole for his album of the same name (1965).
 It was composed by Bert Kaempfert, with lyrics by Milt Gabler.
 The trumpet solo was performed by Bobby Bryant.
 The song had previously appeared an instrumental track on Kaempfert's album "Blue Midnight" (1964).
 For international versions of L-O-V-E album, Nat "King" Cole also recorded versions of "L-O-V-E" and other songs, in Japanese (mixed with English words), Italian, German, Spanish and French.
 In this last language, the song was renamed "Je Ne Repartirai Pas" and translated by Jean Delleme.
Herbert "Herb" Rehbein (15 April 1922 – 28 July 1979) was a German songwriter, composer and arranger of light orchestral music.
 Together with his friend and collaborator Bert Kaempfert, he was posthumously inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1993.
"That Happy Feeling" was an instrumental pop music single recorded by Bert Kaempfert on March 16, 1962 and featured as the second cut on his album "A Swingin' Safari".
 That song and the title track were among the first pop instrumentals to incorporate elements of South African music.
 It is also the title track of what is virtually the same album as the German "A Swingin' Safari", issued under a different name in America.
 The song was composed by Ghanaian musician Guy Warren in 1956 under the original title "An African's Prayer (Eyi Wala Dong)".
Harald Ende (born February 15, 1929, Hamburg, Germany) is a German saxophone, flute and accordion player who was active in the Hamburg music scene from the 1950s to the 1990s.
 He attended the local music school and was trained as a classical clarinetist.
 However, upon graduating, he soon found that in order to get steady work, he had to play in a more popular context.
 In 1958, he joined the NDR (Norddeutscher Rundfunk, or North German Radio) big band.
 He also worked as a studio musician for many popular German recording acts like Bert Kaempfert.
 In 1968, he joined the James Last Orchestra, for which he had to learn how to play the flute; James Last himself taught Ende how to play the instrument.
 A big band musician enamoured with the work of Buddy Rich and Count Basie, Ende recorded and toured with Last until the end of 1979, after which he devoted most of his career to his work with the NDR big band, often backing up well-known jazz stars like Joe Pass and Chet Baker.
 One popular sideline act was his accordion duo with fellow Last and Kaempfert bandmate Günter Platzek, known as The Pop Kids.
 Now retired, Ende took part in the 80th anniversary celebration of the birth of Bert Kaempfert in 2003.
"A Swingin' Safari" is an instrumental composed by Bert Kaempfert (using his alias, Bernd Bertie) in 1962.
 It was recorded by Kaempfert on Polydor Records and released in the United States on Decca Records, but failed to chart.
 That same year, Billy Vaughn recorded it, and his cover reached number 13 on the "Billboard" charts that summer.
"Wonderland by Night" (German title ""Wunderland bei Nacht"") is a popular song by Bert Kaempfert that was a "Billboard" number one hit for three weeks, starting January 9, 1961.
 The song was written by Klaus-Günter Neumann with English lyrics by Lincoln Chase.
 It was Kaempfert's first hit with his orchestra.
 The song featured Charly Tabor on trumpet.
 The original version of "Wonderland by Night" also crossed over to the R&B chart where it peaked at number five.
 Another cover, recorded and released by Louis Prima, also charted in the same year, reaching #15 on the Billboard charts.
 Anita Bryant's version, which included orchestrations by Lew Douglas, reached #18 on the US Pop Chart.
 Engelbert Humperdinck also recorded a vocal version of the song in his 1968 album "A Man Without Love."
Manfred Moch was a German trumpet player.
 He made a name for himself in the 1960s as the featured solo trumpet player for the Bert Kaempfert orchestra, contributing memorable and melodic solos to many of Kaempfert’s hits; such songs included “Bye Bye Blues”, “Strangers In The Night”, “L-O-V-E” and “Sweet Maria”.
 His association with Kaempfert ended in 1968 over a pay dispute, but by the late 1970s he was again playing sessions and concerts with Kaempfert, although not as a soloist.
 Moch was also a long-time member of the James Last Orchestra during the 1960s and 1970s, and continued to play for Last as a session musician after leaving the touring band.
 In addition, Moch was a member of the NDR (Nordeutscher Rundfunk, or North German Radio) Big Band from the 1960s until the 1990s.
 He was also active as a session player in Hamburg, playing for many other popular German recording artists.
 During the late 1960s, Moch recorded some trumpet duet albums with fellow Last/Kaempfert bandmate Heinz Habermann, which were released on the Decca label under the name The Tattoos.
