The Treaty of Berlin (1889) was the concluding document of the conference at Berlin in 1889 on Samoa.
 The conference was proposed by German foreign minister Count Herbert von Bismarck (son of chancellor Otto von Bismarck) to reconvene the adjourned Washington conference on Samoa of 1887.
 Herbert von Bismarck invited delegations from the United States and the British Empire to Berlin in April 1889.
Bismarck is a 1925 German silent historical film directed by Ernst Wendt and starring Franz Ludwig, Erna Morena and Robert Leffler.
 It portrays the life of the nineteenth century German Chancellor Otto Von Bismarck.
 It was part of a popular trend of Prussian films released in Germany after the First World War.
 It was followed by a second film, also starring Ludwig, in 1927.
Reinhold von Werner (10 May 1825 – 26 February 1909) was a Prussian and later Imperial German naval officer in the 19th century, eventually reaching the rank of vice admiral.
 He commanded warships during the three wars of German Unification, the Second Schleswig War, the Austro-Prussian War, and the Franco-Prussian War in 1864, 1866, and 1870–1871, respectively, and during a naval intervention during a revolution in Spain in 1873.
 His actions off Spain, considered extreme by Chancellor Otto von Bismarck, resulted in his court-martial.
 He was promoted two years after the intervention in Spain, but was forced into retirement after a major feud with Albrecht von Stosch three years later.
 Werner wrote numerous books during and after his naval career, and also founded a periodical on maritime topics.
 He was ennobled in 1901 and died in February 1909.
Hans von Hentig (9 June 1887 in Berlin – 6 July 1974 in Bad Tölz) was a German criminal psychologist and politician.He was the second son of lawyer Otto von Hentig (1852–1934) .
His older brother was later diplomat Werner Otto von Hentig.
 Otto von Hentig was one of the leading lawyers in Berlin.
 Hans von Hentig was instrumental in the setting up of a short-lived Bavarian Soviet Republic in 1919.
 During the 1920s he was a prominent exponent of National Bolshevism.
 He emigrated to United States in 1935.
 Hans von Hentig worked on Yale University.
Dropping the Pilot is a political cartoon by Sir John Tenniel, first published in the British magazine "Punch" on 29 March 1890.
 It depicts Chancellor Otto von Bismarck, as a maritime pilot, stepping off a ship (perhaps a reference to Plato's ship of state), idly and unconcernedly watched by a young Wilhelm II, German Emperor.
 Bismarck had resigned as Chancellor at Wilhelm's demand just ten days earlier on 19 March, as Bismarck's political views were too different from Wilhelm's.
Southern Schleswig (German: "Südschleswig" or "Landesteil Schleswig ", Danish: "Sydslesvig" ) is the southern half of the former Duchy of Schleswig in Germany on the Jutland Peninsula.
 The geographical area today covers the large area between the Eider river in the south and the Flensburg Fjord in the north, where it borders Denmark.
 Northern Schleswig, congruent with the former South Jutland County.
 The area belonged to the Crown of Denmark until the Prussians and Austrian declared war on Denmark in 1864.
 Denmark wanted to give away the German speaking Holsten and set the new border at the small river Ejderen.
 This was a reason for war, did Prussian chancellor Otto von Bismarck conclude, and even proclaimed it as a "holy war".
 The German chancellor also turned himself to the Emperor of Austria, Franz Joseph I of Austria for help.
 A similar war in 1848 had got all wrong for the Prussians.
 With help of both the Austrians and the Danish born General Moltke was the Danish army destroyed or forced to make disordered retreat.
 And the Prussian - Danish border was moved from the Elbe up in Jutland to the creek "Kongeåen ".
The Reinsurance Treaty, (June 18, 1887), a secret agreement between Germany and Russia arranged by the German chancellor Otto von Bismarck after the German-Austrian-Russian "Dreikaiserbund" or League of the Three Emperors, collapsed in 1887, because of competition between Austria-Hungary (Franz Joseph I) and Russia (Alexander III) for spheres of influence in the Balkans.
 The treaty provided that each party would remain neutral if the other became involved in a war with a third great power, though this would not apply if Germany attacked France or if Russia attacked Austria.
 Bismarck showed the Russian ambassador the text of the German-Austrian alliance of 1879 to drive home the last point.
 Germany paid for Russian friendship by agreeing to the Russian sphere of influence in Bulgaria and Eastern Rumelia (now part of southern Bulgaria) and by agreeing to support Russian action to keep the Black Sea as its own preserve.
 When the treaty was not renewed in 1890, a Franco-Russian alliance rapidly began to take shape.
The Reichstadt agreement was an agreement made between Austria-Hungary and Russia in July 1876, who were at that time in an alliance with each other and Germany in the League of the Three Emperors, or "Dreikaiserbund".
 Present were the Russian and Austro-Hungarian emperors together with their foreign ministers, Prince Gorchakov of Russia and Count Andrassy of Austria-Hungary.
 The closed meeting took place on July 8 in the Bohemian city of Reichstadt (now Zákupy).
 They agreed on a common approach to the solution of the Eastern question, due to the unrest in the Ottoman Empire and the interests of the two major powers in the Balkans.
 They discussed the likely Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878, its possible outcomes and what should happen under each scenario.
The Three Caesars' Alliance or League of the Three Emperors (German: "Dreikaiserabkommen" , Russian: Союз трёх императоров ) was an alliance between the German Empire, the Russian Empire and Austria-Hungary, from 1873 to 1887.
 Chancellor Otto von Bismarck took full charge of German foreign policy from 1870 to his dismissal in 1890.
 His goal was a peaceful Europe, based on the balance of power.
 Bismarck feared that a hostile combination of Austria, France and Russia would crush Germany.
 If two of them were allied, then the third would ally with Germany only if Germany conceded excessive demands.
 The solution was to ally with two of the three.
 In 1873 he formed the League of the Three Emperors, an alliance of the Kaiser of Germany, the Tsar of Russia, and the Kaiser of Austria-Hungary.
 Together they would control Eastern Europe, making sure that restive ethnic groups such as the Poles were kept in control.
 It aimed at neutralizing the rivalry between Germany’s two neighbors by an agreement over their respective spheres of influence in the Balkans and at isolating Germany’s enemy, France.
 The Balkans posed a more serious issue, and Bismarck's solution was to give Austria predominance in the western areas, and Russia in the eastern areas.
Mona von Bismarck (February 5, 1897 – July 10, 1983), known as Mona Bismarck, was an American socialite, fashion icon, and famed beauty.
 Her five husbands included Harrison Williams, said to be the richest man in America, and the Graf von Bismarck-Schönhausen, grandson of German Chancellor Otto von Bismarck.
 Mona was the first American to be named "The Best Dressed Woman in the World" by a panel of top couturiers including Chanel, and was also named to the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame.
