The following is an alphabetical list of subregions in the United Nations geoscheme for Europe, created by the United Nations Statistics Division.
 The scheme subdivides the continent into Eastern Europe, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, and Western Europe.
 The UNSD notes that "the assignment of countries or areas to specific groupings is for statistical convenience and does not imply any assumption regarding political or other affiliation of countries or territories".
Svalbard and Jan Mayen (Norwegian: "Svalbard og Jan Mayen" , ISO 3166-1 alpha-2: SJ, ISO 3166-1 alpha-3: SJM, ISO 3166-1 numeric: 744) is a statistical designation defined by ISO 3166-1 of two parts of Norway under separate jurisdictions—Svalbard and Jan Mayen.
 While the two are combined for the purposes of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) category, they are not administratively related.
 This has further resulted in the country code top-level domain .
sj being issued for Svalbard and Jan Mayen, and .
 The United Nations Statistics Division also uses this code, but has named it Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands.
The United Nations Statistics Division (UNSD), formerly the United Nations Statistical Office, serves under the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs (DESA) as the central mechanism within the Secretariat of the United Nations to supply the statistical needs and coordinating activities of the global statistical system.
 The Division is overseen by the United Nations Statistical Commission, established in 1947, as the apex entity of the global statistical system and highest decision making body for coordinating international statistical activities.
 It brings together the Chief Statisticians from member states from around the world.
The International Recommendations for Water Statistics (IRWS) is a statistical intermediate output framework developed by the United Nations Statistics Division (UNSD) and approved by the United Nations Statistical Commission (UNSC) that was designed for guiding countries in the development of their water information systems to design and evaluate policies for better water management.
Classification of the Functions of Government (COFOG) is a classification defined by the United Nations Statistics Division.
 These functions are designed to be general enough to apply to the government of different countries.
 The accounts of each country in the United Nations are presented under these categories.
 The value of this is that the accounts of different countries can be compared.
ISO 3166-1 numeric (or numeric-3) codes are three-digit country codes defined in ISO 3166-1, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), to represent countries, dependent territories, and special areas of geographical interest.
 They are similar to the three-digit country codes developed and maintained by the United Nations Statistics Division, from which they originate in its UN M.49 standard.
 They were first included as part of the ISO 3166 standard in its second edition in 1981, but they were released by the United Nations Statistics Division since as early as 1970.
ISO 3166-2:SJ is the entry for Svalbard and Jan Mayen in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO).
 The standard defines codes for names of principal subdivisions of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
 Svalbard and Jan Mayen does not exist as an administrative region, but rather consists of two separate parts of Norway under separate jurisdictions—Svalbard and Jan Mayen.
 Further subdivision for Svalbard and Jan Mayen occurs under Norway's entry, , namely NO-21 for Svalbard and NO-22 for Jan Mayen.
 There are currently no ISO 3166-2 codes for Svalbard and Jan Mayen.
UN M.49 is a standard for area codes used by the United Nations for statistical purposes, developed and maintained by the United Nations Statistics Division.
 Each area code is a 3-digit number which can refer to a wide variety of geographical, political, or economic regions, like a continent, a country, or a specific group of developed or developing countries.
 Codes assigned in the system generally do not change when the country or area's name changes (unlike ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 or ISO 3166-1 alpha-3), but instead change when the territorial extent of the country or area changes significantly, although there have been exceptions to this rule.
.
sj is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) reserved for the designation Svalbard and Jan Mayen.
 The domain name registry is Norid, but .
sj is not open for registration.
 The issuing of the domain was based on the ISO 3166 designation of Svalbard and Jan Mayen, which consists of two separately administrated integrated territories of Norway: the Arctic archipelago Svalbard and the nearly uninhabited volcanic island Jan Mayen.
 .
sj was designated on 21 August 1997, at the same time as Bouvet Island was allocated .
bv .
 Both were placed under the .
no registry Norid, which is also the sponsor.
 Norwegian policy states that .
no is sufficient for those institutions connected to both Svalbard and Jan Mayen, and therefore the domain is not open to registration.
 It is Norwegian policy not to commercialize domain resources, so there are no plans to sell .
sj .
 Should the domain later come into use, it will be under regulation of the Norwegian Post and Telecommunications Authority and follow the same policy as .
no .
 There are two second-level domains reserved for the two areas: svalbard.no and jan-mayen.
no , but other web addresses are also used.
This is a list of mammal species recorded in Svalbard and Jan Mayen.
 There are 17 mammal species in Svalbard and Jan Mayen, of which 0 are critically endangered, 3 are endangered, 3 are vulnerable, and 0 are near-threatened.
