Hunters & Collectors are an Australian rock music band formed in 1981.
 Fronted by founding mainstay, singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Seymour, they developed a blend of pub rock and art-funk.
 Other mainstays are John Archer on bass guitar, Doug Falconer on drums and percussion.
 Soon after forming they were joined by Jack Howard on trumpet and keyboards, Jeremy Smith on French horn, guitars and keyboards, and Michael Waters on trombone and keyboards.
 Also acknowledged as a founder was engineer and art designer Robert Miles.
 Joining in 1988, Barry Palmer, on lead guitar, remained until they disbanded in 1998.
 The group reformed in 2013 with the 1998 line-up.
The North Eastern Railway War Memorial is a First World War memorial in York in northern England.
 It was designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens to commemorate employees of the North Eastern Railway (NER) who left to fight in the First World War and were killed while serving.
 The NER board voted in early 1920 to allocate £20,000 for a memorial and commissioned Lutyens.
 The committee for the York City War Memorial followed suit and also appointed Lutyens, but both schemes became embroiled in controversy.
 Concerns were raised from within the community about the effect of the NER memorial on the city walls and its impact on the proposed scheme for the city's war memorial, given that the two memorials were planned to be 100 yd apart and the city's budget was a tenth of the NER's.
 The controversy was resolved after Lutyens modified his plans for the NER memorial to move it away from the walls and the city opted for a revised scheme on land just outside the walls; coincidentally the land was owned by the NER, whose board donated it to the city.
Whaletone is a British company headed by Polish designer Robert Majkut that produces a series of digital grand pianos noted for their advanced aesthetic and technical design.
Robert Trent "Bobby" Jones Jr. (born July 24, 1939 in Montclair, New Jersey) is a noted golf course architect.
 He is the son of golf course designer Robert Trent Jones and the brother of golf course designer Rees Jones.
Robert Graham is a New York-based luxury men's fashion brand launched in 2001, taking its name from its co-founders, fashion designer Robert Stock and textile designer Graham Fowler.
 It is known for its use of complicated and colorful fabric patterns, including contrasting patterns inside the cuffs of its shirt sleeves.
William Leonard Welch MA (RCA), FCSD, FRSA (born 2 April 1972) is an English Industrial designer.
 William is the son of the late post-war Industrial Designer Robert Radford Welch (21 May 1929 – 15 March 2000).
 In 2004 Welch became a Fellow of Chartered Society of Designs.
 In 2007 Welch was invited to become Fellow of The Royal Society of Arts.
Suzushi Hanayagi (花柳 寿々紫 , Hanayagi Suzushi ) , (August 15, 1928 – October 1, 2010), was a Japanese dancer and choreographer.
 Born in Osaka, Japan, she found her way in the international art world through her Japanese classical dance theater forms and experimental performance art forms.
 For over fifty years she actively performed, taught and choreographed in classic Japanese dance forms and contemporary collaborative multimedia performance works.
 She appeared in Japan, the United States and Europe as a choreographer.
 She collaborated on many of famed director and designer Robert Wilson’s most revered works created during the years 1984 through 1999.
The Bartini Beriev VVA-14 "Vertikal`no-Vzletayuschaya Amphibia" (vertical take-off amphibious aircraft) was a wing-in-ground-effect aircraft developed in the Soviet Union during the 1970s.
 Designed to be able to take off from the water and fly at high speed over long distances, it was to make true flights at high altitude, but also have the capability of "flying" efficiently just above the sea surface, using aerodynamic ground effect.
 The VVA-14 was designed by Italian-born designer Robert Bartini in answer to a perceived requirement to destroy United States Navy Polaris missile submarines.
The Aloha 27 is a series of Canadian sailboats, that were designed by America yacht designer Robert Perry and first built in 1979 under the designation Aloha 26.
Robert Lutyens (13 June 1901 – 1971) was an English interior designer, the son of the architect Sir Edwin Lutyens.
 He designed the interiors of the homes of several of the directors of Marks & Spencer and subsequently joined the board of that company in 1934.
 He worked with J.M. Monro & Son to create a modular design scheme for the façades of over 40 Marks & Spencer stores.
 He also painted.
