The storm of 1897 was a severe storm that struck the lower to central North Island of New Zealand on 16 April 1897.
 It caused the ship "Zuleika" to run aground near Cape Palliser, with the loss of 12 lives, and severe flooding.
 At Clive the flooding caused the loss of a further 12 lives and one person was drowned near Kapiti.
 There were six further unconfirmed reports of drowning, bringing the total loss of life directly related to the storm event to between 25 and 31.
 Based on descriptions of the storm, particularly that of Captain Marten of the "Waiapu", it may have been an extratropical cyclone.
The 1815 North Carolina hurricane caused the most severe flooding in New Bern, North Carolina since 1795.
 First detected east of the Lesser Antilles on 26 August, the disturbance drifted toward the northwestern Leeward Islands, arriving by 29 August.
 The hurricane soon approached Charleston, South Carolina, on 1 September, and subsequently made landfall near Cape Lookout in North Carolina on 3 September.
 The gale reached New England by 5 September, departing the region on 6 September.
 The hurricane caused significant impact even before coming ashore: many vessels were damaged, grounded, capsized, or destroyed offshore throughout the course of the storm.
 Extensive damage to corn, cotton, and rice crops was also noted.
 Flood waters brought rivers as much as 8 ft above normal, inundating streets and structures.
 Overall, the hurricane inflicted at least 15 deaths throughout its existence, and more than $60,000 (1815 USD) in property damage.
Tropical Storm Lee was the twelfth named storm and thirteenth system overall of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season, developing from a broad tropical disturbance over the Gulf on September 1.
 It was designated as Tropical Storm Lee the next day.
 The system was rather large, and due to drifting, Lee brought flash flooding to the Gulf Coast.
 Flooding associated with the rains caused significant property damage in the areas, with drowning deaths reported in both Mississippi and Georgia.
 Elsewhere, the storm helped spread wildfires that destroyed homes and killed two people in Texas, and a traffic accident in Alabama resulted in one death.
 Rough surf offshore drowned one person in each of these states.
 Lee spawned 30 confirmed tornadoes in the United States.
 After becoming extratropical, Lee caused historic flooding in Pennsylvania, New York, and Canada, mainly Quebec and Ontario.
The 2005 Atlantic hurricane season was the most active Atlantic hurricane season in recorded history, shattering numerous records.
 The impact of the season was widespread and ruinous with an estimated 3,913 deaths and record damage of about $159.2 billion.
 Of the storms that made landfall, five of the season's seven major hurricanes—Dennis, Emily, Katrina, Rita, and Wilma—were responsible for most of the destruction.
 Stan was the most destructive storm that was not a major hurricane.
 The Mexican states of Quintana Roo and Yucatán and the US states of Florida and Louisiana were each struck twice by major hurricanes; Cuba, the Bahamas, Haiti, Mississippi, Texas, Alabama, and Tamaulipas were each struck once and in each case brushed by at least one more.
 The most catastrophic effects of the season were felt on the United States' Gulf Coast, where a 30 ft (10 m) storm surge from Hurricane Katrina caused devastating flooding that destroyed most structures on the Mississippi coastline; subsequent levee failures in New Orleans, Louisiana caused by the storm crippled the city.
 Furthermore, Hurricane Stan combined with an extratropical system to cause deadly mudslides across Central America, with Guatemala being hardest-hit.
The Walton Bridge in Keene, New York was built in c. 1890.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 It was destroyed in the flooding caused by Tropical Storm Irene on August 29, 2011.
North Blenheim is a hamlet in the town of Blenheim, New York.
 It had the longest wooden, single-span covered bridge in the United States, the Old Blenheim Bridge.
 It was built in 1855 and existed until 2011, when it was destroyed by flooding caused by Hurricane Irene.
 The "Blenheim Gilboa Power Project Visitors Center" is also located there.
Hurricane Connie in August 1955 contributed to significant flooding across the eastern United States, just days before Hurricane Diane affected the same general area.
 Connie formed on August 3 from a tropical wave in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
 It moved quickly west-northwestward, strengthening into a well-developed hurricane by August 5.
 Initially, it posed a threat to the Lesser Antilles, although it passed about 50 mi north of the region.
 The outer rainbands produced hurricane-force wind gusts and intense precipitation, reaching 8.65 in in Puerto Rico.
 In the United States Virgin Islands, three people died due to the hurricane, and a few homes were destroyed.
 In Puerto Rico, Connie destroyed 60 homes and caused crop damage.
 After affecting Puerto Rico, Connie turned to the northwest, reaching peak winds of 140 mph (220 km/h).
 The hurricane weakened while slowing and turning to the north, and struck North Carolina on August 12 at Category 2 intensity, the first of three damaging tropical cyclones in the 1955 Atlantic hurricane season to hit the state.
The Bartonsville Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge in the village of Bartonsville, in Rockingham, Vermont, United States.
 The bridge is a lattice truss style with a 151-foot span, carrying Lower Bartonsville Road over the Williams River.
 It was built in 2012, replacing a similar bridge built in 1870 by Sanford Granger.
 The 1870 bridge, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, was destroyed in 2011 in flooding caused by Hurricane Irene.
Old Blenheim Bridge was a wooden covered bridge that spanned Schoharie Creek in North Blenheim, New York, United States.
 With an open span of 210 ft , it had the longest span of any surviving single-span covered bridge in the world, although the structure's total length made it second in that respect to the Bridgeport Covered Bridge (233 ft long with a 208 ft clear span).
 The bridge, opened in 1855, was also one of the oldest of its type in the United States.
 It was destroyed by flooding resulting from Tropical Storm Irene in 2011.
 Rebuilding of the bridge commenced in 2017.
North Blenheim Historic District is a national historic district located at the hamlet of North Blenheim in Schoharie County, New York.
 The district includes 25 contributing buildings and one contributing site.
 Most of the buildings exhibit some influence from the vernacular Greek Revival style.
 Located within the district is an exceptional Greek Revival church built in 1841.
