Radiohead Box Set is a box set of the first six studio albums and one live album by the English rock band Radiohead, released on 10 December 2007.
 The box set is available as a seven CD box set, a digital download and a 4GB USB Stick.
 The box set peaked at #95 in Canada's album charts.
Start Together is compilation box set containing the entire remastered discography of the American rock band Sleater-Kinney.
 A digital version of the remastered box set was released on September 2, 2014.
 3,000 limited edition physical copies of the box set were released on colored vinyl with a 44-page companion book on October 21, 2014.
 The box set also included a 7" single of the song "Bury Our Friends" from their 2015 album "No Cities to Love".
Nashville Rebel is a box set by Waylon Jennings, released on RCA Records through Legacy Recordings in 2006.
 According to Allmusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine, it is ""the first comprehensive, multi-label Waylon Jennings retrospective ever assembled", comprising ninety-two songs recorded between 1958 and 1994, with selections from the majority of the singer's recording career.
 The first track of the box set is the Buddy Holly-produced "Jole Blon," released in 1958, while the last is "I Do Believe," a song produced by Don Was that was included on The Highwaymen's 1995 release, "The Road Goes on Forever".
 The other material on the box set covers Jennings' career chronologically, with songs ranging from his years on RCA's roster to later compositions from his short-lived stay at Epic Records; it ignores, however, the tracks from Jennings albums released on independent labels.
 The majority of the singer's charting singles are included in the package, as are collaborations such as "Mamas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys" with Willie Nelson and "Highwayman" with The Highwaymen.
 A notable addition is the previously unreleased "The Greatest Cowboy of Them All," a 1978 duet with Johnny Cash which was later recorded by Cash alone for "A Believer Sings the Truth" (1979) and "The Mystery of Life" (1991); two others, "It's Sure Been Fun" and "People in Dallas Got Hair," had never been released in the United States.
 "Nashville Rebel" was released on four CDs, with a 140-page booklet and liner notes by Rich Keinzle and Lenny Kaye.
Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 is a double album released by Atlantic Records on 21 September 1993.
 This box set features the rest of the English rock band Led Zeppelin's catalogue not included in the 1990 4-CD box set "Led Zeppelin", all digitally remastered, including the previously unreleased studio track "Baby Come On Home".
 A 54-page booklet was also included with the release.
 Between this box set and the 4-CD box set every track from the band's nine studio albums are featured along with two BBC live recordings; the band's only non-LP b-side; and one studio outtake.
The Doors: Vinyl Box Set is the seventh box set for the rock band The Doors.
 It is a 7 record set of the original 6 Doors albums, remastered in stereo from the original analogue tapes with a mono version of the debut album.
 Artwork, packaging, and inner sleeves are replicas of the originals from 1967-1971.
 The box set was originally planned to be released in October 2007, but was delayed due to a problem with the vinyl, as well as other problems in the production of the box set.
 The delay ran until February 2008.
 Reasons for the delay included faulty test pressings, inferiority of the L.A. Woman artwork, and bad compounds in the vinyl that was used first, which caused a search for a new source of virgin vinyl.
Live in Japan is a four-disc box set by American saxophonist John Coltrane and his last group, featuring the quintet of Coltrane, his wife/pianist Alice, saxophonist/bass clarinetist Pharoah Sanders, bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Rashied Ali.
 The 4-CD set compiles all the music issued as three albums in the seventies by Impulse!
; "Concert In Japan" (1973, US 2-LP, electronically processed for compatible quadrophonic/stereo), "Coltrane In Japan" (1974, Japan 3-LP (side six is blank), mono) and "Second Night In Tokyo" (1976, Japan 3-LP (side six contains an interview, mono).
 (Some of this material was also reissued as two 2-LP sets in 1980 by MCA under the titles "Coltrane In Tokyo Vol.
 1" and "Coltrane In Tokyo Vol.
 2") The first CD issues were by Impulse!
 Japan as two 2-CD sets: "Live In Japan Vol.
 1" (same as "Coltrane In Japan") and "Live In Japan Vol.
 2" (same as "Second Night In Tokyo").
 The US 4-CD edition includes both of these volumes, with identical mastering from the original mono tapes.
 The side six interview from "Second Night In Tokyo" has never been reissued on any CD edition.
Chrome, Smoke & BBQ is a box set by American blues-rock band ZZ Top, released in 2003.
 At the time of release, this box set was notable for using the original mixes for all of the tracks from the band's first five albums for the first time on the CD format.
 This box set, and the companion release "Rancho Texicano", were the only two CD releases which featured original mixes from "ZZ Top's First Album", "Rio Grande Mud", and "Tejas", aside from 1977's "The Best of ZZ Top" which features two tracks from "Rio Grande Mud" and one track from "First Album". "
Tres Hombres" and "Fandango!
" were reissued in their original mixes in 2006, and in 2013, Warner Brothers released the CD box set 'The Complete Studio Albums 1970-1990' which includes the first ten ZZ Top studio albums, all with the original mixes.
Back to Mono (1958–1969) is a box set (4 compact discs or 5 vinyl LPs) compilation of the recorded work of record producer Phil Spector, through the 1960s, released in 1991 by ABKCO as #7118-2.
 The first track, "To Know Him Is to Love Him," released in 1958, features Spector performing as part of the group the Teddy Bears.
 Initially a vinyl album-sized package, the box contained a booklet with photographs, complete song lyrics, discographical information, and a reproduction of the essay on Spector by Tom Wolfe, "The First Tycoon of Teen."
 The package also contained a small, round, red "Back to Mono" pin.
Trash Box is a 5-CD box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings, primarily by American bands.
 This box set is similar to the earlier "Pebbles Box" (a 5-LP box set) and includes almost all of the same recordings in that box set (and in the same order), along with numerous bonus tracks at the end of each disc.
 Supposedly, "the Trash Box" collects the first five volumes of the CDs in the Pebbles series (i.e., those released by AIP Records, not to be confused with the 4 earlier CDs that were issued by ESD Records).
 However, as is generally true of the CD reissues of these five volumes (though not nearly to the same extent), the tracks differ significantly on all five discs as compared to both the original Pebbles LPs and the later Pebbles CDs in the corresponding volumes; and the surf rock rarities on "Pebbles, Volume 4" have been eschewed entirely.
 Overall, there are 109 tracks in the box set (excluding the introduction and ending cuts) as compared to 101 songs on the individual CDs and 72 tracks in the "Pebbles Box".
 Although most of the recordings on "the Trash Box" were released at some point on one of the individual Pebbles albums, several of the songs have not appeared elsewhere in the Pebbles series.
 Inexplicably, one of these songs is the well-known hit "I Fought the Law (but the Law Won)" by the Bobby Fuller Four (on Disc Four) – which is also included in the "Pebbles Box" – in place of the much rarer "Wine Wine Wine" by Bobby Fuller that appears on "Pebbles, Volume 2".
Mono Masters is a compilation album by the Beatles, and is an alternate, all-mono version of the album "Past Masters".
 "Mono Masters" was originally a two-CD set included as part of "The Beatles in Mono" box set.
 The premise of this box set was to compile only Beatles material which was released or prepared for release with a dedicated mono mix (the set excludes later material mixed and released only in stereo, and material whose mono version was simply created as an equal mix of the two channels of the stereo version).
 As a result, the track listing for "Mono Masters" differs from "Past Masters" on the second half of disc two, omitting some later songs that never had a mono mix ("Old Brown Shoe", "The Ballad of John and Yoko" and "Let It Be"), and adding several songs released on stereo-only albums that had unreleased mono mixes.
 Tracks 9–12 and 15 were prepared in March 1969 for release as a 7" mono "Yellow Submarine" EP, two months after the release of the similarly titled soundtrack album, but the project was scrapped, although the EP was mastered.
 Subsequently, the tracks were only released in stereo (and in an electronically produced mono mixdown, or "fold-down", of the stereo mix), while the true mono mixes remained unreleased.
 "Get Back" (with B-side "Don't Let Me Down") was the final Beatles single mixed for mono format.
 It was released in the UK in mono, though the US release was in stereo.
 Thus, the songs that were originally released on stereo singles in the UK are omitted on this release.
