House Made of Dawn is a 1968 novel by N. Scott Momaday, widely credited as leading the way for the breakthrough of Native American literature into the mainstream.
 It was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1969, and has also been noted for its significance in Native American Anthropology.
The Shadowy Third and Other Stories is a 1923 short story collection by Ellen Glasgow.
 Glasgow published only this one short story collection during her lifetime, which included seven stories.
 While Glasgow's novels receive more critical attention, scholarship on her stories continues into the twenty-first century.
The Ellen Glasgow House, also known as the Branch-Glascow House, is a historic house at 1 West Main Street in Richmond, Virginia.
 Built in 1841, it is nationally significant as the home of writer Ellen Glasgow (1873-1945) from 1887 until her death.
 It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.
Ari Berk is an American writer, folklorist, artist, and scholar of literature, iconography, and comparative myth.
 Berk holds degrees in Ancient History (B.A.), American Indian Studies (M.A.), and Comparative Literature and Culture (Ph.D.) from Humboldt State University and University of Arizona respectively.
 His dissertation was directed by Pulitzer Prize winner N. Scott Momaday and Berk was appointed to the committee that developed the first American Indian Studies doctoral program in the United States.
The Native American Renaissance is a term originally coined by critic Kenneth Lincoln in the 1983 book "Native American Renaissance" to categorise the significant increase in production of literary works by Native Americans in the United States in the late 1960s and onwards.
 A. Robert Lee and Alan Velie note that the book's title "quickly gained currency as a term to describe the efflorescence on literary works that followed the publication of N. Scott Momaday's "House Made of Dawn" in 1968".
 Momaday's novel garnered critical acclaim, including the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1969.
The literature of Virginia, United States, includes fiction, poetry, and nonfiction.
 Representative authors include Rita Dove, Ellen Glasgow, William Hoffman, Lee Smith, and William Styron.
 Journals featuring work of Virginia writers include the "New Virginia Review" (est. 1978), "Richmond Quarterly" (est. 1980), "Edgar Allan Poe Review" (est. 2000), and "Virginia Adversaria" (est. 2000).
Virginia (1913) is a novel by Ellen Glasgow about a wife and mother who in vain seeks happiness by serving her family.
 This novel, her eleventh, marked a clear departure from Glasgow's previous work—she had written a series of bestsellers before publishing "Virginia"—in that it attacked, in a subtle yet unmistakable way, the very layer of society that constituted her readership.
 Also, as its heroine, though virtuous and god-fearing, is denied the happiness she is craving, its plot did not live up to readers' expectations as far as poetic justice is concerned and was bound to upset some of them.
 Today, "Virginia" is seen by many as an outstanding achievement in Glasgow's career, exactly because the author defied literary convention by questioning the foundations of American society around the dawn of the 20th century, be it capitalism, religion or racism.
Navarre Scott Momaday (born February 27, 1934) — known as N. Scott Momaday — is a Kiowa novelist, short story writer, essayist, and poet.
 His novel "House Made of Dawn" was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1969, and is considered the first major work of the Native American Renaissance.
 His follow-up work "The Way to Rainy Mountain" blended folklore with memoir.
 Momaday received the National Medal of Arts in 2007 for his work's celebration and preservation of indigenous oral and art tradition.
 He holds twenty honorary degrees from colleges and universities, and is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
The Way to Rainy Mountain (1969) is a book by Pulitzer Prize winning author N. Scott Momaday.
 It is about the journey of Momaday's Kiowa ancestors from their ancient beginnings in the Montana area to their final war and surrender to the United States Cavalry at Fort Sill, and subsequent resettlement near Rainy Mountain, Oklahoma.
Robert Weil is the Editor-in-Chief and Publishing Director of Liveright, a newly relaunched division of W.W. Norton & Company.
 Over the course of his career, “Weil has published six National Book Award winners and three National Book Award finalists.
 He's published sixteen Pulitzer Prize winners (Michael Dirda, N. Scott Momaday, and Tina Rosenberg among them); seven Bancroft history prize winners; [and] seven MacArthur fellowship winners.”
