Joe Overstreet (born 1933) is an American painter who lives and works in New York City.
 In the 1950s and early 1960s he was associated with the Abstract Expressionist movement.
 During the Civil Rights Movement he became known for works such as "Strange Fruit" and "The New Jemima", which reflected his interest in contemporary social issues and the Black Arts Movement.
 He also worked with Amiri Baraka as the Art Director for the Black Arts Repertory Theatre and School in Harlem, and in 1974 he co-founded Kenkeleba House, an East Village gallery and studio.
 In the 1980s he returned to figuration with his "Storyville" paintings, which recall the New Orleans jazz scene of the early 1940s.
 His work draws on a variety of influences, including his own African-American and Native American heritage, and has been exhibited in galleries around the world.
Ta-Ronce Allen (born February 2, 1960) is an American actress.
 She is best known for her appearances as a teen actress on television in the 1970s.
 She had a role as Michael Evans's girlfriend "Yvonne" in two episodes of the CBS sitcom "Good Times" in 1976 and 1977.
 Allen was born in Los Angeles and currently lives in Lancaster, California.
 She is also the daughter of actor Raymond Allen, who starred as Uncle Woodrow Anderson on the NBC sitcom "Sanford and Son" and Ned "The Wino" on the CBS sitcom "Good Times" in the 1970s.
 Allen had a role in the 1972 neo-noir film "Hickey & Boggs" with actors Bill Cosby and Robert Culp.
 She also appeared in the first episode of the second season of "Kung Fu" entitled "The Well.
Commodore Records was an American independent record label known for producing Dixieland jazz and swing.
 It is also remembered for releasing Billie Holiday's hit "Strange Fruit".
Lillian Eugenia Smith (December 12, 1897 – September 28, 1966) was a writer and social critic of the Southern United States, known most prominently for her best-selling novel "Strange Fruit" (1944).
 A white woman who openly embraced controversial positions on matters of race and gender equality, she was a southern liberal unafraid to criticize segregation and work toward the dismantling of Jim Crow laws, at a time when such actions virtually guaranteed social ostracism.
Larry Darnell Griffin Jr., professionally known as Symbolyc One or S1, is an American record producer from Waco, Texas.
 He founded the group Strange Fruit Project and is signed to Kanye West's Very GOOD Beats as a producer.
The Janice Long Session EP is an EP by Danielle Dax, an English experimental musician and former member of The Lemon Kittens.
 It is also known as the "BBC Sessions" and was recorded on 1 December 1985, and was first transmitted on 14 January 1986.
 The recording was later released in 1988 on the Strange Fruit Records label.
The Seat Filler is an American romantic comedy musical film produced by the Company Production of Magnolia Home Entertainment, Seat Filler Productions, Shake Martin Films and Strange Fruit Films, which released in 2004.
 It stars Kelly Rowland, Duane Martin, Mel B, Kyla Pratt and Shemar Moore.
 The movie received mainly average reviews.
 The film is also recognized as Duane Martin's first (and to date, only) appearance in a musical film and Kelly Rowland's most successful film in a leading role performance.
Rakhee Tandon (born Rakhi Vijan) is an Indian actress better known for her role of Sweety Mathur in the popular Indian sitcom "Hum Paanch".
 Tandon also acted in a television movie "Humko Ishq Ne Mara" in 1997.
 as well as in "Golmaal Returns" as Anthony Gonsalves' wife.
 She was a contestant on the Indian reality show "Bigg Boss" in the second season in 2008 but couldn't survive in the house for long and got evicted in the second week (Day 13).
Strange Fruit Project is an underground hip hop group from Waco, Texas, which consists of producer and emcee Symbolyc One (also known as S1, born Larry D. Griffin Jr.), his cousin emcee Myth (short for Mythological, born Kevin Gaither) and emcee Myone (pronounced "My Own", born Anthony Ligawa, originally from Indiana).
 The trio officially debuted in 2004, with a pair of underground releases, "Soul Travelin" and "From Divine".
 Their biggest exposure came with the release of their acclaimed 2006 album "The Healing".
 The group's name is derived from the Billie Holiday civil rights song "Strange Fruit".
The Peel Sessions is an album of music by The Bonzo Dog Band recorded in 1969.
 This is one of a series of original recordings made in the BBC studios for the John Peel shows on BBC Radio 1 known collectively as the Peel Sessions.
 It was released in 1990 on Strange Fruit Records under license from BBC Records and Tapes.
 Distributed by Dutch East India Trading.
