Dark Dungeons is a 2014 American short film that was directed by L. Gabriel Gonda, written by JR Ralls, and based on the Chick tract of the same name.
 The film had its world premiere at GenCon on August 14, 2014 and was also released through VOD through the film's official website.
Chick tracts are short evangelical gospel tracts created and published by American publisher and religious cartoonist Jack Chick.
New Mission Systems International or NMSI for short is a non-profit Christian mission sending agency that exists to proclaim Christ and make disciple globally.
 Based in Fort Myers, Florida the organization was founded in 1989 by the Brune Family.
 Ralph and Cheri Brune were long time missionaries for Christian Missionary Fellowship when they hatched the idea for a new way to do missions.
 Each word in the name of the organization represents something vitally important to the organization.
 New represents the new and changing approach NMSI does evangelism to keep up with a constantly changing world.
 Mission signifies the central goal for NMSI which is to bring together God with the world and to proclaim the gospel of Jesus Christ.
 Systems is the way they holistically and systematically analyze the communities they go into to find the best way to bring the gospel to the people.
 International represents their belief that all people should be able to hear the gospel no matter where they live.
 NMSI is founded on the non-denominational church movement and acts according to non-denominational principles.
David Dark is an American writer, the author of "Life's Too Short To Pretend You're Not Religious", "The Sacredness of Questioning Everything", "Everyday Apocalypse: The Sacred Revealed in Radiohead, The Simpsons, and Other Pop Culture Icons" and "The Gospel According To America: A Meditation on a God-blessed, Christ-haunted Idea", which was included in "Publishers’ Weekly"’s top religious books of 2005.
 He also contributed a chapter to the book "" (Chicago: Open Court, 2009).
 Following years of teaching high school English, he received his doctorate in 2011 and now teaches at the Tennessee Prison for Women, Charles Bass Correctional Facility, and Belmont University where he is assistant professor in the College of Theology.
 A resident of Nashville, Tennessee, he is married to singer/songwriter Sarah Masen.
The Lee Boys are a funk and gospel band based out of Miami, Florida.
 The band plays in the Sacred Steel tradition that arose out of the musical stylings of the House of God Church.
 The band plays a mixture of funk music and gospel lyrics, staying true to their roots as a religious group.
 The band is similar in style to other House of God bands, such as Robert Randolph & the Family Band.
Dark Sun Online: Crimson Sands is an early massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) that was developed and published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. in 1996 for Windows 95.
 "Dark Sun Online" is based on the licensed Dark Sun campaign setting for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons tabletop role-playing game.
 "Dark Sun Online" was one of the first fully graphical MMORPGs.
The Milwaukee Rescue Mission (MRM) is a shelter for homeless and ailing families.
 Since 1893, MRM has worked with the hungry and hurting of Milwaukee, helping them restore their lives and their hope.
 In its Milwaukee home, any given night will see nearly 1,500 homeless people will be on the streets.
 The Milwaukee Rescue Mission seeks to meet those in need where they are.
 MRM offers practical assistance like food (approximately 300,000 meals this year), clothing (nearly 40,000 items), and shelter (over 100,000 nights).
 In addition, the shelter offers transformative programs that equip struggling men, women, and children to get off the streets and turn their lives around for good.
 While practical assistance is important, the Milwaukee Rescue Mission supplies both short- and long-term assistance, complemented by education, counseling, help in overcoming substance abuse, job training and much more.
 The organization bases its programs on addressing the root causes of problems, rather than simple temporary fixes.
 And as a non-denominational Christian organization, MRM provides spiritual development and enrichment, all based on the good news of the Gospel; it professes that the Gospel message is the key to lasting change.The Milwaukee Rescue Mission is part of the Association of Gospel Rescue Missions.
John Boutté (born November 3, 1958) is an American jazz singer based in New Orleans, Louisiana, who has been active since the mid-1990s.
 He is known for diverse music style that goes beyond jazz to R&B, gospel, Latin, and blues.
 He is the younger brother of the jazz and gospel singer Lillian Boutté, and a relative of legendary cartoonist George Herriman.
Mariano Perfecto (1853 - November 3, 1913) was the fifth Governor of Ambos Camarines (1910–1912).
 Known as a prolific writer, he is considered as the "Father of Bikol Literature," and the "Father of Bisayan Literature."
 He published the first newspaper in the Bikol language, "An Parabareta" (1899–1900) and set up the first printing press in the Bikol region, the "Libreria y Imprenta Mariana".
 His literary output ranged from translations of religious tracts, novenas to poems, short dramas and linguistic works both in the Ilonggo and Bikol languages.
Grimlock is a fictional monstrous humanoid that lives in the Underdark, a vast interconnected system of caves underneath various "Dungeons & Dragons" campaign settings. Based on subterranean humanoids called "morlocks" created by H.G. Wells for his 1895 novel "The Time Machine", the grimlock was first adapted for Advanced Dungeons & Dragons (AD&D), and has appeared in each subsequent version of D&D rules as a savage, pale-skinned and eyeless humanoid that dwells in dark places and prefers the taste of human flesh.
