Cumberland Farms ("Cumbies") is a regional chain of convenience stores based in Westborough, Massachusetts, operating primarily in New York, New England and Florida.
 Cumberland Farms operates roughly 600 retail stores, gas stations, and a support system including petroleum and grocery distribution operations in 11 states, including Connecticut, Florida, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, New York, Rhode Island, and Vermont.
 Its original colors were navy blue and orange, but in 2009, they rebranded with a new logo and colors (navy blue and green).
 The new logo change marked the beginning of the transformation of Cumberland Farms stores from older, legacy stores to new AIM stores that now include numerous new fresh food items such as pizza, chicken sandwiches, subs, and a roller grill.
 The company is owned by the Haseotes family, with Lily Haseotes Bentas formerly serving as CEO and Ari Haseotes currently serving as the President and COO of Cumberland Farms Inc.
 It is one of the largest retail chains to be completely privately owned.
 Cumberland Farms offers a large assortment of food service items, candy, snacks, and chilled drinks, which it calls "The Chill Zone", along with Cumberland Farms branded chips, pastries, candy, and coffee, etc.
Portland City Grill is a restaurant located on the 30th floor of the U.S. Bancorp Tower in Portland, Oregon.
 Known for its happy hour and views of the city and surrounding landscape, Portland City Grill is often listed as a recommended restaurant to eat at in Portland.
 Portland City Grill is owned by Restaurants Unlimited Inc, based in Seattle.
Focus Brands is an affiliate of the Atlanta-based private equity firm, Roark Capital Group, that currently owns the Schlotzsky's, Carvel, Cinnabon, Moe's Southwest Grill, McAlister's Deli, and Auntie Anne's brands.
 It is based in Sandy Springs, Georgia and operates over 5,000 stores.
The Cortlandt Town Center (formerly known as the Westchester Mall) is a large retail power center located in the town of Cortlandt, New York (Mohegan Lake ZIP code).
 The New York Times called it "the main shopping area of the town of Cortlandt Manor" in 2003.
 The current incarnation (and name) was founded in 1997 from buildings that made up the Westchester Mall, a mostly enclosed (itself founded in 1975).
 Many new buildings were added as well, and it is currently a predominantly outdoor shopping center, eventually growing to approximately 772,000 square feet.
 Anchor stores include Wal-Mart, The Home Depot, Best Buy, Acme Markets, Barnes & Noble, Office Max, PetSmart, Michaels, Old Navy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Marshall's, Modell's, and DSW.
 It also contains a 12-screen United Artists Theater, GameStop, DressBarn, Five Below, Famous Footwear, the Mohegan Lake post office (zip code 10547) and several restaurants including McDonald's, Applebee's, Panera Bread, Blimpie (located inside Wal-Mart), Subway, Five Guys and Moe's Southwest Grill.
Moe's Southwest Grill, referred to informally as Moe's, was founded in Atlanta, Georgia, in December 2000, by Raving Brands.
 In August 2007, the brand was purchased by Focus Brands.
 As of 2015, there were about 600 locations in operation in 38 states.
 s of 14, 2014 the number of Moe's locations increased to over 600 in the US after signing 120 new franchises in six months.
 According to the 2016 Harris Poll EquiTrend survey, Moe's is the "Fast Casual Mexican Restaurant of the Year", passing former top restaurant Chipotle Mexican Grill even with fewer than half the number of locations as Chipotle has.
On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina (also known as "On The Border Mexican Café") is a chain of Tex-Mex food casual dining restaurants located in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, and recently opened in Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and South Korea.
 The chain and brand name is owned by OTB Acquisition LLC.
Tumbleweed Tex Mex Grill & Margarita Bar (formerly Tumbleweed Southwest Grill) is a chain restaurant based in Louisville, Kentucky.
Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Limited engineers, manufactures and distributes luxury automobiles and automobile parts worldwide.
 Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of BMW established in 1998 after BMW was licensed the rights to the Rolls-Royce brand name and logo from Rolls-Royce PLC and acquired the rights to the Spirit of Ecstasy and Rolls-Royce grill shape trademarks from Volkswagen AG.
 Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Limited operates from purpose-built administrative and production facilities opened in 2003 across from the historic Goodwood Circuit in Goodwood, West Sussex, England, United Kingdom.
 Rolls-Royce Motors Cars Limited is the exclusive manufacturer of Rolls-Royce branded motor cars since 2003.
NTN Buzztime is a company that produces interactive entertainment across many different platforms.
 Its most well-known product, simply called Buzztime, and formerly known as the NTN Network, since 1985, broadcasts trivia and other games via broadband over a national network to over 3,800 bars and restaurants in the United States, Canada and the Caribbean.
 Operations in the UK were discontinued in 2008.
 Typically, independently owned bars and restaurants offer Buzztime.
 It is, however, offered by each outlet of two major U.S. chains, Buffalo Wild Wings and Damon's Grill.
 It is also carried at limited T.G.I. Friday's and Applebee's locations.
 Buzztime offers several different kinds of trivia games based on a variety of subjects, including pop culture, entertainment, world history, geography, sports and music, as well as general trivia games with questions in many categories.
St. Lars is a grill-restaurant in the borough Bislett in Oslo, Norway.
 It is owned by international TV-chef Andreas Viestad, Face2Face communications agency founder Per Meland and Stargate-producer Tor Erik Hermansen.
 The restaurant is known for using meat from horses and bear, and even pigs from Bygdø Royal Farm's petting zoo.
 Everything apart from their horse tartar has been cooked on a custom made grill.
 The cuisine is based on serving raw or grilled food with an emphasis on Norwegian produce and unusual cooking techniques.
 The owners have tried to bring some of the ambience from the New York-restaurant The Spotted Pig, owned by Hermansen's StarRoc partner Jay-Z, to their restaurant.
