USS "Lewis and Clark" (SSBN-644), a "Benjamin Franklin" class ballistic missile submarine, was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the explorers Meriwether Lewis (1774–1809) and William Clark (1770–1838), who carried out the Lewis and Clark Expedition of 1804–06.
The Lewis and Clark River is a tributary of Youngs River, approximately 20 mi long, in northwest Oregon in the United States.
 It drains 62 sqmi of the Northern Oregon Coast Range in the extreme northwest corner of the state, entering Youngs River just above its mouth on the Columbia River at Youngs Bay.
 Near the river's mouth is the site of former Fort Clatsop of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
 The river is named for Meriwether Lewis and William Clark.
The Lewis and Clark Memorial Column is an outdoor monument by artist Otto Schumann, dedicated to Meriwether Lewis and William Clark for their expedition and located at Washington Park in Portland, Oregon.
Tavern Cave, also known as the Taverne-A Cave, is a historic archaeological site located near St. Albans, Franklin County, Missouri.
 Meriwether Lewis and William Clark visited Tavern Cave on May 23, 1804 at the beginning of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
 The cave includes a petroglyph of either a canoe or a historic flat boat and several 19th century era inscriptions.
The Lewis and Clark Expedition from May 1804 to September 1806, also known as the Corps of Discovery Expedition, was the first American expedition to cross what is now the western portion of the United States.
 It began near St. Louis, made its way westward, and passed through the continental divide to reach the Pacific coast.
 The Corps of Discovery comprised a selected group of U.S. Army volunteers under the command of Captain Meriwether Lewis and his close friend, Second Lieutenant William Clark.
Undaunted Courage: Meriwether Lewis, Thomas Jefferson, and the Opening of the American West (ISBN  ), written by Stephen Ambrose, is a 1996 biography of Meriwether Lewis of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
 The book is based on journals and letters written by Lewis, William Clark, Thomas Jefferson and the members of the Corps of Discovery.
 While most of the book is dedicated to the expedition, several chapters are also devoted to Lewis's early life as a Virginia planter and Jefferson's personal secretary, and his later life as governor of the Louisiana Territory before his untimely death in 1809.
Private John Shields (c1769–1809) was, at about 35 years old, the second oldest member of the Lewis and Clark Expedition and its oldest enlisted member.
 Shields, born in Virginia's Shenandoah Valley, moved at about 14 years old to the wilderness of Tennessee, helped build and lived in a family fort that provided protection from Native Americans, traveled with Captain Meriwether Lewis, Second Lieutenant William Clark, and Native American Sacagawea to the Oregon Coast where he helped build Fort Clatsop, and then returned to St. Louis, Missouri.
 At the completion of this great adventure Shields hunted and trapped with the famous American pioneer Daniel Boone.
Lewis and Clark Pass, el.
 6424 ft is a mountain pass on the continental divide in Montana.
 It lies at the head of the drainages of the west flowing Blackfoot River and the east flowing Dearborn River.
 The pass is in the Helena National Forest in Lewis and Clark County.
 The Continental Divide Trail traverses north and south through the pass.
 At the time of the Lewis and Clark Expedition the pass was a much-used pathway where the native people living in what today is Montana crossed over the continental divide.
 The pass was crossed by Meriwether Lewis on July 7, 1806, on the return leg of the Lewis and Clark Expedition with a party of nine men and his dog Seaman.
 The pass was named for the expedition's two leaders–Lewis and William Clark.
 Lewis and Clark Pass is the only roadless pass on the entire Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail.
 It has gone from being one of the most used continental divide passes prior to the pioneer era to one of the least visited passes today.
 It can be accessed by a 1.5 mi trail.
 Visitors will encounter the pass much as Lewis did in 1806.
 The furrows left by the countless dog and horse travois that crossed the pass are still visible (though fading) and this is one of the places along the expedition's route that visitors may still encounter a grizzly bear.
 On a clear day, like Meriwether Lewis in 1806 one can see Square Butte in Cascade County, Montana, 40 mi to the northeast.
Meriwether Lewis (August 18, 1774 – October 11, 1809) was an American explorer, soldier, politician, and public administrator, best known for his role as the leader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition, also known as the Corps of Discovery, with William Clark.
The Corps of Discovery was a specially-established unit of the United States Army which formed the nucleus of the Lewis and Clark Expedition that took place between May 1804 and September 1806.
 The Corps, which was a select group of volunteers, were led jointly by Captain Meriwether Lewis and Second Lieutenant William Clark.
 Commissioned by President Thomas Jefferson, the Corps' objectives were both scientific and commercial – to study the area's plants, animal life, and geography, and to learn how the Louisiana Purchase could be exploited economically.
