The Banker is an English-language monthly international financial affairs publication owned by The Financial Times Ltd. and edited in London.
 The magazine was first published in January 1926 through founding Editor, Brendan Bracken of the "Financial News", who went on to become the chairman of the "Financial Times" from 1945-1958.
Andrew Philip More Boyle (27 May 1919 – 22 April 1991) was a Scottish journalist and biographer.
 His biography of Brendan Bracken won the 1974 Whitbread Awards and his book "The Climate of Treason" exposed Anthony Blunt as the "Fourth Man" in the Cambridge Five Soviet spy ring.
Conspiracy theories about Adolf Hitler's death contradict the fact that Adolf Hitler committed suicide in his "Führerbunker" on 30 April 1945.
 Most of these theories hold that Hitler and his wife, Eva Braun, survived and escaped the city of Berlin.
 While subject to some exposure in popular culture, examples being books such as "Grey Wolf: The Escape of Adolf Hitler", these viewpoints are regarded by mainstream historians as disproven fringe theories.
The Leibstandarte SS "Adolf Hitler" (LSSAH) was founded in September 1933 as Adolf Hitler's personal Bodyguard formation.
 It was given the title "Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler" (LAH) in November, 1933.
 On 13 April 1934, by order of Himmler, the regiment became known as the "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler" (LSSAH).
 In 1939 the LSSAH became a separate unit of the Waffen-SS aside the SS-TV and the SS-VT.
Brendan Bracken, 1st Viscount Bracken, PC (15 February 1901 – 8 August 1958), was an Irish born businessman and a minister in the British Conservative cabinet.
 He is best remembered for opposing the Bank of England's co-operation with Adolf Hitler, and for subsequently supporting Winston Churchill's prosecution of World War II against Hitler.
 He was also the founder of the modern version of the "Financial Times".
 He served as Minister of Information from 1941 to 1945.
The personal standard of Adolf Hitler was designed after Reichspräsident Paul von Hindenburg died on 2 August 1934.
 Adolf Hitler abolished the title "Reichspräsident" and in its place instituted the title of "Führer" which henceforth could only be used when referring to him personally.
 Hindenburg used a personal standard consisting of a black eagle on a square gold background edged by a border of black, white and red bands.
 Hitler decided on 19 August 1934 to adopt a personal standard for himself, which was called "Personal standard for Adolf Hitler as Leader and Chancellor of the German Nation".
 As he was also Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces it was somewhat later known as "The personal standard for Adolf Hitler as Leader and Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces" (German: "Standarte des Führers und Obersten Befehlshabers der Wehrmacht").
The Psychopathography of Adolf Hitler is an umbrella term for psychiatric (pathographic, psychobiographic) literature that deals with the hypothesis that the German Führer and Reichskanzler Adolf Hitler (1889–1945) suffered from mental illness.
 Both during his lifetime and after his death, Hitler has often been associated with mental disorders such as hysteria, megalomania or paranoid schizophrenia.
 Psychiatrists and psychoanalysts who have diagnosed Hitler as having mental disturbance include well-known figures such as Walter C. Langer and Erich Fromm.
 Other researchers, such as Fritz Redlich, have concluded that Hitler probably did not have these disorders.
The Financial News was a daily British newspaper published in London.
 It was founded in 1884 by Harry Marks, who had begun on United States newspapers, and set up to expose fraudulent investments.
 Marks himself was key to the paper's early growth, when it had a buccaneering life fighting against corruption and competing with the "Financial Times", but after Marks' death it declined.
 Bought by publishers Eyre & Spottiswoode in 1928 and run by Brendan Bracken, it eventually merged with its great rival in 1945.
Johann Ludwig Hannemann (25 October 1640 – 25 October 1724) was a professor of medicine who famously opposed the idea of the circulation of the blood.
 He studied the chemistry of phosphorus, gold, and hematite; wrote articles on metallurgy, botany, theology, and various medical topics.
 He was an adherent of the views of the ancients and pre-Renaissance alchemists.
 He trained his medical students according to the schools of Galen, Hippocrates, and Aristotle.
The Mind of Adolf Hitler: The Secret Wartime Report, published in 1972 by Basic Books, is based on a World War II report by psychoanalyst Walter C. Langer which probed the psychology of Adolf Hitler from the available information.
 The original report was prepared for the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) and submitted in late 1943 or early 1944; it is officially entitled "A Psychological Analysis of Adolph Hitler: His Life and Legend".
 The report is one of two psychoanalytic reports prepared for the OSS during the war in an attempt to assess Hitler's personality; the other is "Analysis of the Personality of Adolph Hitler" by the psychologist Henry A. Murray who also contributed to Langer's report.
 The report eventually became 1000 pages long.
