Lieutenant General Mahmud Ahmed (Urdu: محمود احمد‎ ) (HI(M)), is a veteran intelligence officer and a retired three-star general in the Pakistan Army who served as a director general of Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), the principal intelligence body of Pakistan.
 He along with other generals were successful in overthrowing the elected government of prime minister Nawaz Sharif, in the 1999 coup d'état to bring General Pervez Musharraf to political power.
 He was serving as the Corp Commander of X Corps, Rawalpindi at that time.
 After the coup, General Mahmud was transferred as the Director General ISI, replacing Lieutenant General Ziauddin Butt, who was Sharif's choice to replace General Musharraf as the army chief before the coup.
 He himself was replaced by another career Army intelligence officer Lieutenant General Jamshed Gulzar Kayani (of the 38th PMA Long Course) as the Rawalpindi Corps Commander.
Nadja Y. West (born 1961) is a United States Army lieutenant general and the 44th U.S. Army Surgeon General and Commanding General of the U.S. Army Medical Command.
 West is the first black Army Surgeon General, and was the first black female, active-duty, major general and the first black female major general in Army Medicine.
 West is also the first Army black female lieutenant general.
 She is the highest ranking female to have graduated from the United States Military Academy.
 She received the Army Distinguished Service Medal, the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, and others.
Allen Kenji Ono (December 31, 1933 – August 1, 2016) was a lieutenant general in the United States Army.
 He was Deputy Chief of Staff for Personnel at U.S. Army Headquarters from 1986 to 1990.
 Ono was the first Japanese American Lieutenant General as well as the first Asian American Lieutenant General.
 He died in 2016 and was buried at Punchbowl National Cemetery.
Lieutenant General Charles N. Pede is a military lawyer who currently serves as the 40th Judge Advocate General of the United States Army.
 General Pede was promoted from the rank of Brigadier General to the rank of Lieutenant General, bypassing the rank of Major General on July 26, 2017.
Lieutenant General William Glenn Webster (born July 3, 1951) was a senior officer in the United States Army and a former commander of the U.S. Third Army/U.
S. Army Central.
 Webster took command of the Third Army/Army Central on May 9, 2009 from Lieutenant General James J. Lovelace and during his tenure would be responsible for moving the Third Army's headquarters from Fort McPherson, where they had resided for 62 years, to Shaw Air Force Base in 2011.
 Webster would be succeeded as commanding officer of the Third Army upon his retirement by Lieutenant General Vincent K. Brooks on June 3, 2011.
 While commanding Third Army, Webster oversaw the transition towards full-spectrum operations in the Third Army from a more narrow focus on combat operations as well as the Third Army's role in sustaining United States military activity in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Lieutenant General Michael DeLong (also known as Lt. Gen Michael "Rifle" DeLong) is a retired United States Marine Corps Lieutenant General who served as Deputy Commander, United States Central Command, MacDill Air Force Base, Florida.
 From 2000 until his retirement in 2003 (with over 36 years of service), Lieutenant General DeLong was Second-in-command to General Tommy Franks who as Commander of United States Central Command was in charge of the war on terror including Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq and Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan.
Lieutenant General Silas Ntigurirwa (born 12 December 1968 in Cibitoke Province, Burundi) is a Burundian military officer, in the Burundi National Defense Forces (BNDF).
 Effective December 2013, he is the Commander of AMISOM, based in Mogadishu, Somalia.
 Lieutenant General Silas Ntigurirwa is the first Burundian and first non-Ugandan to command AMISOM, since the creation of the Mission in 2007.
 He served as AMISOM commander until December 2014 and was succeeded by Lieutenant General Jonathan Kipkemoi Rono.
Lieutenant General Arnold Quainoo is a retired Ghanaian military officer and served as the Chief of Defence Staff of the Ghana Armed Forces from August 1983 to September 1989.
 He took over from Flight Lieutenant J. J. Rawlings and handed over to Lieutenant General Winston Mensa-Wood.
 He was also the first commander of the Economic Community of West African States Monitoring Group (ECOMOG) which intervened in Liberia to help end the civil war.
 He also served twice as Army Commander, first in 1979 following the coup-d'état by the Armed Forces Revolutionary Council which overthrew the Supreme Military Council.
 He was replaced when the Limann government was elected.
 He was however re-appointed as Chief of Army Staff following the coup by the Provisional National Defence Council and later as General Officer Commanding the Ghana Armed Forces.
In the United States Army, United States Marine Corps, and the United States Air Force, lieutenant general (abbreviated LTG in the Army, Lt Gen in the Air Force, and LtGen in the Marine Corps) is a three-star general officer rank, with the pay grade of O-9.
 Lieutenant general ranks above major general and below general.
 Lieutenant general is equivalent to the rank of vice admiral in the other uniformed services.
The Elliott-Donaldson House is a historic mansion in Okolona, Mississippi, U.S..
 It was built in 1850, a decade prior to the American Civil War of 1861-1865.
 By the end of the war, in 1865, Confederate States Army General Nathan Bedford Forrest stayed in the house to rest.
 It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since September 15, 1980.
