Canoe Creek State Park is a 911.91 acre Pennsylvania state park in Frankstown Township in Blair County, Pennsylvania.
 It is 12 miles east of Altoona, the nearest city.
 Canoe Lake, at 155 acre , is the focus of recreation at the park and is open for fishing year-round.
 Canoe Creek State Park is a half mile off U.S. Route 22 near the small town of Canoe Creek.
 The park was opened to the public in 1979 and was developed as part of an expansion effort in the 1970s to improve the state park system in Pennsylvania.
Toland is an unincorporated community in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States.
 The very small village is located on Pine Grove Road, east of Mountain Creek Campground.
 Michaux State Forest, the site of Laurel Lake, Fuller Lake and Pine Grove Furnace State Park lie a few miles to the west near the intersection of Pine Grove Road and PA route 233.
 Toland has a mailing address of Gardners Pennsylvania, because the size of the community doesn't warrant a post-office, nor an official incorporated name.
 What is now a sand pit operation was originally a clay bank mining operation that was the reason for the location of the village of Toland.
 Less than 50 people reside in the close-knit community, which was built for the clay bank company workers in the first quarter of the 20th century.
 The original community of Toland, Pennsylvania consisted of 11 duplex houses, built side by side along Pine Grove Road, with less than 0.17 of an acre of land to each.
 Additional homes have been built since.
 When the community was originally built there was only a common well with a hand pump for all of the families to draw from.
 Toland is less than 1/4 of a mile long, and it is located less than half a mile from the Appalachian trail crossing.
 The closest town is Mount Holly Springs, Pennsylvania located (3 miles north of Toland).
 The village is roughly 10 miles south of Carlisle, Pennsylvania, 7 miles south east of Boiling Springs, Pennsylvania, and 15 miles South of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
 The only business in Toland is the Cherokee Campground formerly known as the Tagg Run Campground.
 The campground restaurant is now closed.
 Toland Mission is a small non-denominational church that can hold up to 74 persons.
 It was originally built by the owner of Beetem Lumber Company in Carlisle for the families of the community of Toland.
 A one-room school house near the church originally served the community, but it was converted to a home when residents' children were transported to a township school.
 Local people in Toland usually travel to the town of Mount Holly Springs for necessities such as gas, food, and toiletries.
Trace State Park (formerly Old Natchez Trace Park) is a public recreation area located off Mississippi Highway 6, approximately 7 mi east of Pontotoc and 7 mi west of Tupelo in the U.S. state of Mississippi.
 The state park surrounds 565 acre Trace Lake and is named for the nearby Natchez Trace trail.
 Famed frontiersman Davy Crockett once lived within the area bounded by the park.
Marshall is an unincorporated community in central Marshall Township, Highland County, Ohio, United States.
 It lies at the intersection of State Routes 124 and 506.
 Rocky Fork Lake, the site of Rocky Fork State Park, is located 2 miles (3 km) to the north.
 It lies 7 miles (11 km) east-southeast of the city of Hillsboro, the county seat of Highland County.
 An early variant name was West Liberty.
Brayton Hall once the ancestral seat of the Lawson family stood in a magnificent park, commanding spectacular views of the surrounding countryside with the mountains of the Lake District in the background, 1.5 miles east by north of the town of Aspatria, and 7 miles south west by west of the market town of Wigton.
 Greatly enlarged and rebuilt in 1868 it was practically destroyed by fire in 1918.
East Fork State Park is a state park located in Clermont County, Ohio, United States, about 25 miles east of Cincinnati.
 It has camping, hiking, swimming and boating opportunities.
 The state park is home to many junior and collegiate rowing races, including the US Rowing Youth National Championships.
 The main lake in the park is William H. Harsha Lake.
 The large earthen dam, and smaller saddle dams, are operated by a crew of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers year round.
Naval Outlying Field Spencer (ICAO: KNRQ, FAA LID: NRQ) is a military airport located two miles (3 km) northeast of Pace, Florida, in Santa Rosa County.
 It is owned by the United States Navy.
 NOLF Spencer is one mile north of U.S. Highway 90, 3.5 miles west of the City of Milton, just over 6 miles east of the Escambia River and about 7 miles southwest of NAS Whiting Field.
 This airfield is situated on 640 acre and has eight runways, all 1800 feet long by 200 feet wide.
 These runways are arranged to make two squares, one whose vertices approximately point North, South, East and West, and another which lies directly on top but is rotated 45°.
 Its mission is to support helicopter operations of the Naval Air Training Command and it remains under the control of Commander, Training Air Wing FIVE at nearby NAS Whiting Field.
Natchez Trace State Park is a state park located in western Tennessee.
 It was named for the Natchez Trace woodland path that was an important wilderness road during the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
 The 48,000-plus acre park features several wilderness trails, camping, sporting, horse-back riding, and water front activities.
Granville is a village in Licking County, Ohio, United States.
 The population was 5,646 at the 2010 census.
 The village is located in a rural area of rolling hills in central Ohio.
 It is 35 miles east of Columbus, the state capital, and 7 miles west of Newark, the county seat.
Rose Island is a small island in the Bahamas that lies 3 miles east of Paradise Island, which lies directly off of New Providence Island.
 The island has no formal residential infrastructure and no roads.
 The center square mile was owned by Claude Turner for around 36 years up until 2005.
 The largest mass of the island is made up of a shallow inland lagoon in the center of the island.
 The highest elevation on the island is 52 feet.
 The island has a thin peninsula which juts out 7 miles east.
