Disney's The Little Mermaid is an American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation based on the 1989 Disney film of the same name.
 It features the adventures of Ariel as a mermaid prior to the events of the film.
 This series is the first Disney television series to be spun off from a major animated film.
 Some of the voice actors of the film reprise their roles in the series, among them Jodi Benson as Ariel, Samuel E. Wright as Sebastian, Kenneth Mars as King Triton and Pat Carroll as Ursula.
 Other voice actors include Edan Gross and Bradley Pierce as Flounder, and Jeff Bennett as Prince Eric.
Mark Elliot (born September 24, 1939) is an American voice-over artist best known as the primary voice for Walt Disney Entertainment from 1983 to 2008.
 He also provided voice overs for trailers of non-Disney films, logos, feature presentation bumpers and commercials.
 He's well known for his voice overs in theatrical and home video trailers for films produced by The Walt Disney Studios from the 1980s to the 2000s.
 He was also the voice of CBS and FOX throughout the 1980s and 1990s, and various theatrical trailers for such non-Disney animated movies as "All Dogs Go to Heaven", "The Seventh Brother", "Rover Dangerfield", "Rock-A-Doodle", "", "The Magic Voyage", "The Thief and the Cobbler", "Once Upon a Forest", "The Princess And The Goblin", "Andre", "Asterix Conquers America", "The Swan Princess", "The Pagemaster", "The Pebble and the Penguin", "Balto", "All Dogs Go to Heaven 2", "Tiny Heroes" ("Vacak 2 - az erdő hőse"), "Zeus and Roxanne", "The Fearless Four", "The Prince of Egypt", "The Adventures of Brer Rabbit", "", "House Arrest", and "".
 In addition to his behind-the-scenes work, Elliott starred with four other notable voice artists in the 1997 short film "5 Men and a Limo".
 One of his most well-known voice-overs for Disney is the catchphrase "And now, our feature presentation," which he says at the start of most animated Disney films on video on a "Feature Presentation" bumper.
Peter Pan is a 1953 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney and based on the play "Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up" by J. M. Barrie.
 It is the 14th Disney animated feature film and was originally released on February 5, 1953, by RKO Radio Pictures.
 "Peter Pan" is the final Disney animated feature released through RKO before Walt Disney's founding of his own distribution company, Buena Vista Distribution, later in 1953 after the film was released.
 "Peter Pan" is also the final Disney film in which all nine members of Disney's Nine Old Men worked together as directing animators.
 It is also the second Disney animated film starring Kathryn Beaumont, Heather Angel, and Bill Thompson after their roles in the animated feature "Alice in Wonderland".
The Happy Wanderers was a nationally syndicated travelogue television show that originally aired on KTLA, Channel 5 in Los Angeles, California in the 1960s.
 The weekly program featured travel destinations, tips, expenses, and highlights.
 The series was originally produced by Barry Weinstein, David Eisenlohr and Charles Sutton, narrated by Stan Bohrman, which featured Slim Barnard and Henrietta Barnard.
 Co-hosts included Milas Hinshaw and Buddy Noonan, who was executive producer.
 The Happy Wanderer theme song by Friedrich W. Moller, with lyrics by Antonia Ridge, was scored by David Dunn Productions of Hollywood, CA.
 Sponsored by local area Ford dealers, the show received an ARB and Nielsen rating of 15 as of June 2, 1965, making that series the most popular local television show in Southern California.
 Television personality Huell Howser later featured Slim and Henrietta Barnard on his show, "Visiting with Huell Howser".
Andrea Beaumont, also known as the Phantasm, is a fictional supervillain in the DC animated universe created by Alan Burnett and Paul Dini.
 Beaumont first appeared as the main antagonist in the 1993 animated film "", where she was established as the ex-fiancée of Bruce Wayne/Batman.
 Dana Delany provided the voice work for Andrea and Stacy Keach provided the electronically modified voice of her "Phantasm" alter ego.
 Andrea Beaumont has made occasional cameo appearances in various "Batman" titles in her Phantasm guise, often as a freelance assassin.
The Los Angeles Urban Rangers is a group of scholars and artists who interpret domestic and international urban landscapes using the perspective of the United States National Park Service.
 The group develops "guided hikes, campfire talks, field kits, and other interpretive tools to spark creative explorations of everyday habitats."
 Their most recent and longest-running outing - the Malibu Public Beach Safari - has been featured in media reports and by Huell Howser on his show.
 The group was formed to highlight all the wonders of Los Angeles—both concrete and natural.
California's Gold is a public television human interest program that explores the natural, cultural, and historical features of California.
 The series ran for 24 seasons beginning in 1991, and was produced and hosted by Huell Howser in collaboration with KCET, Los Angeles.
 The series ceased production when Howser retired in November 2012, shortly before his death on January 7, 2013, although episodes continued to be shown for some time after his death.
 In May 2016, KCET showed a "lost" episode on the Charles F. Lummis House, now considered to be the final episode.
"A Test Before Trying" is the tenth episode of the 24th season of "The Simpsons" and the 518th episode overall.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 13, 2013.
 The episode is dedicated to the memory of Huell Howser, who appeared in the episode "O Brother, Where Bart Thou?
".
 In the Season 16 episode, "There's Something About Marrying", the travel journalist (who has a similar name), that gave Springfield a score of 6/10, thereby causing the town to lose its tourists was based on him.
 The character in that episode was voiced by Karl Wiedergott.
Huell Burnley Howser (October 18, 1945 – January 7, 2013) was an American television personality, actor, producer, writer, singer, and voice artist, best known for hosting, producing, and writing "California's Gold", his human interest show produced by KCET in Los Angeles for California PBS stations.
 The archive of his video chronicles offers an enhanced understanding of the history, culture, and people of California.
 He also voiced the Backson in "Winnie the Pooh" (2011).
Mickey's House of Villains (also known as House of Mouse: The Villains) is a 2002 direct-to-video animated film produced by The Walt Disney Company (Walt Disney Television Animation and Toon City Animation, with animation coordination by Walt Disney Feature Animation Florida.
 It is based on the Disney Channel animated television series "Disney's House of Mouse" and a sequel to the direct-to-video animated film "", starring Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Minnie Mouse, Goofy, Daisy Duck and Disney Villains that have appeared in past Disney productions.
 It was released on both VHS and DVD by Walt Disney Home Video on September 3, 2002.
 It was followed by a 2004 direct-to-video animated film, "", produced by DisneyToon Studios, on August 17, 2004.
