Progress M-15 was a Russian unmanned cargo spacecraft which was launched in 1992 to resupply the Mir space station.
 The thirty-third of sixty-four Progress spacecraft to visit Mir, it used the Progress-M 11F615A55 configuration, and had the serial number 215.
 It carried supplies including food, water and oxygen for the EO-12 crew aboard Mir, as well as equipment for conducting scientific research, and fuel for adjusting the station's orbit and performing manoeuvres.
 It also transported the Mak 2 satellite, which was deployed from Mir on 20 November.
 TORU manual docking system was first tested in this mission.
Progress M-17 was a Russian unmanned cargo spacecraft which was launched in 1993 to resupply the Mir space station.
 The thirty-fifth of sixty four Progress spacecraft to visit Mir, it used the Progress-M 11F615A55 configuration, and had the serial number 217.
 In addition to delivering cargo, Progress M-17 was also used to demonstrate extended duration Progress missions; remaining in orbit for almost a year with a docked phase lasting 132 days.
Progress MS-09 (Russian: "Прогресс МC-09" ), identified by NASA as Progress 70 or 70P, is a Progress spacecraft to be used by Roscosmos to resupply the International Space Station (ISS).
Progress 1 was a Soviet unmanned Progress cargo spacecraft which was launched in 1978 to resupply the Salyut 6 space station.
 It was the maiden flight of the Progress spacecraft, and used the Progress 7K-TG configuration.
 It carried supplies for the EO-1 crew aboard Salyut 6, which consisted of Soviet cosmonauts Yuri Romanenko and Georgi Grechko.
 The cargo carried by Progress 1 also included equipment for conducting scientific research, and fuel for adjusting the station's orbit and performing manoeuvres.
Salyut 6 (Russian: Салют-6 ; lit.
 Salute 6), DOS-5, was a Soviet orbital space station, the eighth flown as part of the Salyut programme.
 Launched on 29 September 1977 by a Proton rocket, the station was the first of the 'second-generation' type of space station.
 Salyut 6 possessed several revolutionary advances over the earlier Soviet space stations, which it nevertheless resembled in overall design.
 These included the addition of a second docking port, a new main propulsion system and the station's primary scientific instrument, the BST-1M multispectral telescope.
 The addition of the second docking port made crew handovers and station resupply by unmanned Progress freighters possible for the first time.
 The early Salyut stations had no means of resupply or removing accumulated garbage (aside from the limited amount that cosmonauts could carry in their Soyuz spacecraft), nor could the propulsion system be refueled once it exhausted its propellant supply.
 Consequently, once the consumables launched with the station were used up, its mission had to be concluded and as a result, manned missions had a maximum duration of three months.
 Progress spacecraft could now bring fresh supplies and propellant and also be used to dispose of waste, which was then destroyed once the spacecraft was deorbited.
Progress M-8 was a Soviet unmanned cargo spacecraft which was launched in 1991 to resupply the Mir space station.
 The twenty-sixth of sixty four Progress spacecraft to visit Mir, it used the Progress-M 11F615A55 configuration, and had the serial number 207.
 It carried supplies including food, water and oxygen for the EO-9 crew aboard Mir, as well as equipment for conducting scientific research, and fuel for adjusting the station's orbit and performing manoeuvres.
 It also carried the Naduvaniy Hazovoy Ballon satellite, which was subsequently deployed from Mir.
Progress M-18M (Russian: "Прогресс М-18М" ), identified by NASA as Progress 50 or 50P, is a Progress spacecraft used by Roskosmos to resupply the International Space Station during 2013.
 Progress M-18M was sent on a 4-Orbit rendezvous profile that was already demonstrated by the Progress M-16M and Progress M-17M spacecraft in 2012.
Progress 3 was an unmanned Progress cargo spacecraft launched by the Soviet Union in 1978 to resupply the Salyut 6 space station.
 It used the Progress 7K-TG configuration, and was the third Progress mission to Salyut 6.
 It carried supplies for the EO-2 crew aboard Salyut 6, as well as equipment for conducting scientific research, and fuel for adjusting the station's orbit and performing manoeuvres.
Progress M-10 was a Soviet and subsequently Russian unmanned cargo spacecraft which was launched in 1991 to resupply the Mir space station.
 The twenty-eighth of sixty four Progress spacecraft to visit Mir, it used the Progress-M 11F615A55 configuration, and had the serial number 211.
 It carried supplies including food, water and oxygen for the EO-10 crew aboard Mir, as well as equipment for conducting scientific research, and fuel for adjusting the station's orbit and performing manoeuvres.
 It carried the fourth VBK-Raduga capsule, which was used to return experiment results and equipment to Earth when the Progress was deorbited.
Progress 2 was an unmanned Progress cargo spacecraft launched by the Soviet Union in 1978 to resupply the Salyut 6 space station.
 It used the Progress 7K-TG configuration, and was the second Progress mission to Salyut 6.
 It carried supplies for the EO-2 crew aboard Salyut 6, as well as equipment for conducting scientific research, and fuel for adjusting the station's orbit and performing manoeuvres.
