Kenan Thompson ( born May 10, 1978) is an American actor and comedian.
 He is known for his work as a cast member of NBC's "Saturday Night Live".
 In his teenage years, he was an original cast member of Nickelodeon's sketch comedy series "All That."
 Thompson is also known for his roles as Kenan Rockmore in the sitcom "Kenan & Kel", Russ Tyler in "The Mighty Ducks" franchise, Dexter Reed in the film "Good Burger", and "Fat Albert" as the title character.
 In his early career, he often collaborated with fellow comedian and "All That" cast member Kel Mitchell.
 He is ranked at #88 on VH1's 100 Greatest Teen Stars.
All Fired Up (French: Tout feu, tout flamme ) is a 1982 French comedy film directed by Jean-Paul Rappeneau, starring Yves Montand and Isabelle Adjani.
 It tells the story of a man who works with shady casino operations abroad.
 When he returns to Paris in need of money, he is unaware that his eldest daughter has begun to work for the ministry of finance.
 The film premiered on 13 January 1982.
 It had 2,279,445 admissions in France.
Ellen Cleghorne (born November 29, 1965) is an American actress and comedian, best known as a cast member of "Saturday Night Live" from 1991 to 1995.
 Cleghorne was the sketch comedy show's second African-American female repertory cast member, succeeding Danitra Vance in its eleventh season, and the first African-American female cast member to stay for more than one season.
 She returned for its 40th anniversary special on February 15, 2015.
 Cleghorne was ranked the 69th greatest "Saturday Night Live" cast member by "Rolling Stone" magazine.
Who is Cletis Tout?
 is a 2001 American-Canadian action comedy film written and directed by Chris Ver Wiel and starring Christian Slater, Richard Dreyfuss, and Tim Allen.
 The film is about mistaken identity getting in the way of recovering a stash of diamonds that was stolen and subsequently hidden more than 20 years earlier.
Home Improvement is an American television sitcom starring Tim Allen that aired on ABC from September 17, 1991, to May 25, 1999, with a total of 204 half-hour episodes spanning over eight seasons.
 The series was created by Matt Williams, Carmen Finestra, and David McFadzean.
 In the 1990s, it was one of the most watched sitcoms in the American market, winning many awards.
 The series launched Tim Allen's acting career and was the start of the television career of Pamela Anderson, who was part of the recurring cast for the first two seasons.
Carmen Finestra (born 1947) is an American producer and TV writer who currently is partnered with Matt Williams and David McFadzean in Wind Dancer Productions, a firm which Finestra also co-owns and co-founded with actor Tim Allen.
 For Wind Dancer, Finestra has produced or executive produced "Where the Heart Is", "Firelight", "Soul Man", "Thunder Alley" and his company's best known series, "Home Improvement", which starred Allen as a feisty home-improvement host, and in turn based on Allen's stand-up comedy routines.
Patricia Castle Richardson (born February 23, 1951) is an American television and film actress best known for her portrayal of Jill Taylor on the sitcom "Home Improvement", for which she was nominated four times for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series and two times for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Television Series - Comedy or Musical.
Maryedith Burrell (born April 12, 1952) is an American film and television producer, writer, actress and comedian, best known for her roles in the early 1980s late night sketch comedy series "Fridays".
 She also had recurring roles in the television series "Throb", "Parenthood", "The Jackie Thomas Show", "Seinfeld" and "Home Improvement".
 She was one of the writers of the television comedy film "Mr. St. Nick".
Richard S. Trethewey (born c. 1955 in Dedham, Massachusetts) is an American plumber and HVAC contractor, who is best known as a television personality, appearing regularly on "This Old House" and its spin-offs, "Ask This Old House" and "Inside This Old House".
 The Trethewey family has been part of This Old House since the very first season in 1979, when producer Russell Morash called on the Trethewey Brothers (Ron and John, Richard's father and uncle) to lend their expertise to his then new home improvement television series.
 Both Ron and John appear in the first season on camera but it is unknown if Richard actually took part of the crew on site.
 In the second season, Ron appears in an early episode to discuss the plans with Bob Vila but then passes on the work of installing the new equipment in the house to his son Richard who is seen frequently on camera.
 This makes Richard the second-longest recurring cast member on This Old House, behind Norm Abram.
The Red Green Show is a Canadian television comedy that aired on various channels in Canada, with its ultimate home at CBC Television, and on Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) stations in the United States, from 1991 until the series finale 7 April 2006, on CBC.
 "The Red Green" Show is essentially a cross between a sitcom and a sketch comedy series, and is a parody of home improvement, do-it-yourself, fishing, and other outdoors shows (particularly "The Red Fisher Show").
 Reruns currently air on CBC Television, The Comedy Network, and various PBS stations.
 It was produced by S&S Productions, which is owned by Steve and Morag Smith.
 Directors on the series include Steve Smith, Rick Green and William G. Elliott.
