Raymond Cauchetier (born January 10, 1920) is a French photographer, known for his work as the set photographer from 1959 to 1968 on many of the seminal films of the French New Wave.
 His photographs are an important record of the New Wave directors at the beginning of their careers, and of their unconventional and groundbreaking production methods.
 A 2009 profile of Cauchetier in "Aperture" magazine declared that his photographs "are themselves central works of the New Wave."
The Solothurn Film Festival (SFT) is the most important festival for Swiss film productions.
 Founded in 1966 in the Swiss city of Solothurn, the annual festival presents a representative selection of Swiss feature, documentary and short film productions.
 In a series of public talks and panel discussions, the audience meets with members of the film industry to discuss the screened films and the culture of film in Switzerland.
 With over 60,000 visitors every year, the Solothurn Film Festival ranks among the most renowned cultural events in the country.
Peter Hein is an Indian fight master/action choreographer and stunt coordinator who has worked in many South Indian film productions.
 He became famous for his action sequences in films such as "Anniyan" (2005), "Sivaji" (2007), "Ghajini" (2008), "Magadheera" (2009), "Enthiran" (2010), "Raavanan" (2010), "7aum Arivu" (2011), "Kochadaiyaan" (2014),"<a href="">"(2015), "" (2015) and "Pulimurugan" (2016).
 He has been nominated for the noted Taurus World Stunt Award against many big Hollywood names.
 He received a Filmfare Award for Best Action for his work in "Ghajini (2008 film)".
 Stunt masters such as Anal Arasu and Silva have worked as fighters and assistants to him.
 He received the very first National Film Award for Best Stunt Choreographer for his work in "Pulimurugan".
Gus Levene, born Gershun Levene (July 11, 1911 – February 9, 1979), was an American arranger, composer, orchestrator and guitarist.
 In the mid-1940s, he was one of the top network radio arrangers.
 Levene is best remembered for his work as an arranger for Dean Martin and orchestration for numerous Hollywood film productions, including the 1956 hit film "The King and I".
Guido Coen (1915–2010) was an Italian-born British film producer and film subtitler.
 He and his family were interned in Douglas on the Isle of Man during the Second World War.
 He began his career working for Filippo Del Giudice and Two Cities Films.
 When Two Cities was absorbed into the Rank Organisation in the mid-1940s Coen was employed by Sir David Cunynghame of London Film Productions as a subtitler.
 As Coen later described it in an interview, he did not know anything about subtitling at the time, and learned on the job: I finally got a phone call from London Films, Sir Cunnyngham, that 's it, who asked me whether I had ever subtitles pictures.
 I immediately said I had when in point of fact I did not know what he meant, and there was a young man in the office with Sir David Cunnynghame called Lew Watt, and he said Lew Watt will do the technical side and we want you to subtitle an Italian picture in to English.
 I said certainly .
 I came out of his office and Lew Watt said to me you don't know what they're talking about do you, I said you're quite right, he said well I'll show you.
 And I started subtitling pictures with Lew Watt, I used to do the literary side, and he used to do the technical side, the spotting, and lengths, and we together did subtitles for 40 or 50 pictures.
 The funny thing was we subtitled pictures in Chinese, in Indian and for the Chinese picture I had to have a Chinese waiter with me to tell me where the subtitles [...] I had the Italian dialogue and I had the picture, they gave me a film and we did the spotting together with Lew Watt and the measurements and I used to type the script.
 We had the film, we had the print which used to run on the two sided thing.
 And Lew Watt was working all the day so we had to do this at night, so we either used to work at night till 2 o'clock in the morning or we used to work at the weekends.
 There was always the problem that the Movieola might break down and so we had spare keys of other cutting rooms in in elm St in case we were caught.
 And that was how we started.Coen later founded his own company Kenilworth Film Productions and spent most of the post-war years producing second features.
 He made a dozen films in partnership with the director Charles Saunders.
 He later produced the 1971 horror film "Burke & Hare" and the comedies "Au Pair Girls" and "Intimate Games."
Ned Scott (April 16, 1907 – November 24, 1964) was an American photographer who worked in the Hollywood film industry as a still photographer from 1935-1948.
 As a member of the Camera Club of New York from 1930–34, he was heavily influenced by fellow members Paul Strand and Henwar Rodakiewicz.
One Million Years B.C. is a 1966 British adventure/fantasy film starring Raquel Welch and John Richardson, set in a fictional age of cavemen and dinosaurs.
 The film was made by Hammer Film Productions and Seven Arts, and is a remake of the Hollywood film "One Million B.C." (1940).
 It recreates many of the scenes of the earlier film, such as an "Allosaurus" attacking a child in a tree.
 Location scenes were filmed on the Canary Islands in the middle of winter, in late 1965.
 The British release prints of this film were printed in dye transfer Technicolor.
 The US version was cut by 9 minutes, printed in DeLuxe Color, and released in 1967.
Jürgen Vollmer (born 11 July 1939), with Astrid Kirchherr and Klaus Voormann (the "Exis"), befriended the Beatles during the band's time in Hamburg in the early 1960s.
 The son of a professional army officer who died during World War II, Vollmer attended Hamburg's Institute of Fashion at the time he met the Beatles, who at the time included drummer Pete Best and bassist Stu Sutcliffe.
 Vollmer quickly became one of the group's photographers, and was responsible for some of their most iconic images in their leather-clad days prior to Brian Epstein.
 John Lennon was particularly impressed with Vollmer's photos, and used one of his favourites on the cover of his 1975 album "Rock 'n' Roll".
 During the time Vollmer lived in the US, he worked as a set photographer in several Hollywood film productions.
Pierluigi Praturlon (1924-1999) was an Italian set photographer, particularly known for his work with Federico Fellini.
DeWayne Nelson Patmon (born April 25, 1979) is a former American football player.
 He played as a defensive back for University of Michigan from 1997 to 2000 where he won a national championship and three Big Ten Conference championships and for the New York Giants from 2001 to 2002.
 He has also had small parts in a pair of Hollywood film productions.
