Oral Fixation, Vol.
 1 & 2 is the first box set by Colombian singer and songwriter Shakira, released on 5 December 2006, by Epic Records.
 Released one year after her sixth and seventh studio albums "Fijación Oral, Vol.
 1" and "Oral Fixation, Vol.
 2", it includes both previous albums and an additional DVD with music videos and live performances.
 After attaining international success with her third studio effort, Laundry Service, (2001), Shakira decided to create a two-part follow-up record.
 She released the project as the follow-up to her sixth studio effort Fijación Oral, Vol.
 1, with which she had attained international success five months prior.
The Circus Starring Britney Spears, commonly referred to as the Circus Tour, was the seventh concert tour by American singer Britney Spears.
 It was launched in support of her sixth studio album, "Circus" (2008).
 Rumors of a tour arose as early as October 2007, after Spears released her fifth studio album "Blackout"; however, it was cancelled due to unknown reasons.
 The tour was officially announced in December 2008, with dates for American and British venues revealed.
 The stage was composed of three rings and set in-the-round to resemble an actual circus.
 Fashion designers Dean and Dan Caten created the costumes.
 A giant cylinder screen was set above the stage to showcase videos and backdrops.
 Effects were provided by Solotech.
 Magician Ed Alonzo joined Spears during the second act.
 The setlist was composed generally from her albums "In the Zone", "Blackout" and "Circus".
 Spears announced she would tour Australia for the first time in June 2009.
American country artist Trisha Yearwood has released twelve studio albums, seven compilation albums, one additional album, forty one music videos, fifty-eight singles and has appeared on twenty eight albums.
 Yearwood's self-titled debut album was released in 1991, peaking at number two on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and number thirty one on the Billboard 200.
 It became the first debut female country album to sell one million copies, eventually certifying double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. "
She's in Love with the Boy" became the first female debut single since 1964 to top the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 The album would spawn an additional three singles, including "The Woman Before Me".
 Her second studio album was the critically acclaimed "Hearts in Armor" (1992).
 It spawned the top five country hits "Wrong Side of Memphis" and "Walkaway Joe".
 Her third studio record "The Song Remembers When" (1993) enjoyed similar success while the lead single reached number two on the Billboard country chart.
 A holiday album appeared before her platinum-selling fourth studio album "Thinkin' About You" (1995).
 Reaching the third position of the country albums chart and the top thirty of the Billboard 200, its first two singles topped the Hot Country Singles chart.
 Her sixth studio album "Everybody Knows" (1996) spawned Yearwood's fourth number one single, "Believe Me Baby (I Lied)".
"The Gypsy’s Wife" is a song written by the Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen that was first released on his sixth studio album "Recent Songs" (1979).
 Live recordings of it appear as the fourth track on "" (2001) and as the thirteenth track on Cohen’s "Live in London" (2009).
 It continued to feature regularly in his stage performances until his death.
Park Jae-sang (Hangul: 박재상 ; Hanja: 朴載相 ; born December 31, 1977), known professionally as Psy (싸이 ; ; ] ), stylized PSY, is a South Korean singer, rapper, songwriter, and record producer.
 Psy is known domestically for his humorous videos and stage performances, and internationally for his hit single "Gangnam Style".
 The song's refrain was entered into "The Yale Book of Quotations" as one of the most famous quotations of 2012.
The discography of Janie Fricke, an American country artist, consists of twenty three studio albums, one live album, one tribute album, nine compilation albums, forty two singles, two music videos, and seventeen other appearances.
 Fricke was signed to Nashville's Columbia Records as a solo artist in 1977.
 Later that year, her debut single, "What're You Doing Tonight", reached the top-forty on the country songs chart.
 The following year her debut studio album, "Singer of Songs", was issued.
 Between 1978 and 1980, Fricke issued three studio albums which resulted in two major hits: "Please Help Me, I'm Fallin" (1978) and "I'll Love Away Your Troubles for Awhile" (1979).
 With a change in musical direction, Fricke began recording ballads in 1980, strengthening the success of her singles. "
Down to My Last Broken Heart" and "I'll Need Someone to Hold Me (When I Cry)" were her first pair of top-ten hits on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 An album of the same was also released that year, which reached the top-thirty on the Top Country Albums chart.
 With her sixth studio album, Fricke reached the top spot of the "Billboard" country chart with its second single "Don't Worry 'bout Me Baby" (1982).
 This would start a series of number-one country singles during this period. "
It Ain't Easy" (1982), her seventh studio record, reached number fifteen on the Top Country Albums list and spawned three number-one hits: "It Ain't Easy Bein' Easy", "He's a Heartache (Looking for a Place to Happen)", and "Tell Me a Lie".
Chinese Democracy is the sixth studio album by American hard rock band Guns N' Roses.
 It was released on November 23, 2008, by Geffen Records.
 The album was the band's first studio album since ""The Spaghetti Incident?"
" in November 1993, and their first album of original studio material since the simultaneous releases of "Use Your Illusion I" and "II" in September 1991.
 Although it debuted at number three on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), "Chinese Democracy" domestically undersold expectations.
 It received generally favorable reviews from music critics.
 The album achieved international chart success and has sold over one million copies in Europe.
Gravity is the sixth studio album by American Christian hip hop artist Lecrae, released on September 4, 2012.
 The album features appearances from Big K.R.I.T., Mathai, Ashthon Jones, and Mali Music, along with labelmates Trip Lee, Andy Mineo, Derek Minor, who was formerly known as PRo, and Tedashii.
 Producers on the album include DJ Khalil, Street Symphony's Heat Academy, and The Watchmen.
 The first single off the album, "I Know", was released on July 24, 2012, and was followed by "Tell the World" featuring Mali Music on August 15, 2012, and "Mayday" featuring Big K.R.I.T. and Ashthon Jones on August 30, 2012.
 Reach Records released five music videos for the album: "Lord Have Mercy", featuring Tedashii along with No Malice of Clipse, on August 1, 2012, "Tell the World", featuring Mali Music, on October 19, 2012, "Mayday", featuring Big K.R.I.T. and Ashthon Jones, on December 13, 2012, "Fakin'", featuring Thi'sl, on February 1, 2013, and "Confe$$ions", featuring David Banner, on April 30, 2013.
The Medúlla Videos is a 2005 music video DVD by Björk.
 The DVD includes videos for songs from her sixth studio album, "Medúlla".
 A total of five music videos are included, two of which are for songs which were not released as singles, and are exclusive to this DVD release.
 The video for "Desired Constellation" was used as a backdrop to performances of the song during Björk's 2003 Greatest Hits Tour.
 A documentary about the making of the "Triumph of a Heart" music video is also included as a bonus feature.
 Partially a mockumentary, the feature focuses on the auditions for the bar patrons who had to be able to make the noises and sound effects required for the live performance in the music video.
 The sound effects and noises used in the video were edited for a full remix released on the "Triumph of a Heart" CD single, titled the "Audition Mix".
 It is currently Björk's only DVD which features subtitles.
This is the discography of the South Korean idol Psy.
 He is well known for his humorous videos and stage performances, and for his hit single "Gangnam Style", a song about where he came from and which talks about the life of the people of Gangnam, which is a neighborhood in Seoul, South Korea.
