Amitabh Bachchan is an Indian film actor, playback singer, producer and television personality.
 He made his acting debut in 1969 with "Saat Hindustani", and narrated Mrinal Sen's "Bhuvan Shome" (1969).
 He later appeared as Dr. Bhaskar Banerjee in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's "Anand" (1971), for which he won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 In 1973, Bachchan played the role of Inspector Vijay Khanna in Prakash Mehra's action film "Zanjeer".
 He has since appeared in several films with the character name "Vijay".
 During the same year, he appeared in "Abhimaan" and "Namak Haraam".
 For the latter, he received the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 Two years later he appeared along with Shashi Kapoor, in Yash Chopra's "Deewar", which earned him the Filmfare Award for Best Actor nomination.
 He was cited as the "angry young man" for his roles in "Deewaar" and "Zanjeer".
 Later he starred in Ramesh Sippy's "Sholay" (1975), which is considered to be one of the greatest Indian films of all time.
 After appearing in the romantic drama "Kabhie Kabhie" (1976), Bachchan starred in Manmohan Desai's action comedy "Amar Akbar Anthony" (1977).
 He won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for his performance in the latter.
 He then played dual roles of Don and Vijay in "Don" (1978).
River Huang (; born November 13, 1989) is a Taiwanese actor.
 He is the first actor signed by the director Yee Chin-yen.
 At age 18, Huang won the Best Actor award at the Golden Bell Awards for his debut role in "Dangerous Mind", making him the youngest actor to win in that category.
 In 2009, he starred in Swedish-Taiwanese film "Miss Kicki".
 And in 2010, he starred in "Juliets", a Taiwanese film inspired by William Shakespeare's tragic love story "Romeo and Juliet".
Charles King (October 31, 1886 – January 11, 1944) was a vaudeville and Broadway actor who also starred in several movies.
 He starred as the leading actor in the hit MGM movie, "The Broadway Melody" (1929), the first all-talking film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Arjun Sarja (born 15 August 1962 as Srinivasa Sarja) is an Indian actor, producer and director known for his works predominantly in Tamil cinema.
 He also starred in a few Telugu, Kannada, and Malayalam films.
 In 1993, he starred in S. Shankar's blockbuster "Gentleman" which opened to positive reviews, while Arjun went on to win the State Award for Best Actor.
 During this time, he starred in hits such as "Jai Hind" (1994), "Karnaa" (1995), and the crime drama film "Kurudhipunal" (1995), for which Arjun won positive acclaim for his role while the film became India's official entry for the 68th Academy Awards Best Foreign Language Film category.
Catherine Elise Blanchett, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 14 May 1969) is an Australian actress and theatre director.
 She has received international acclaim and many accolades, including two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three BAFTA Awards, six AACTA Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards. Blanchett came to international attention for her role as Elizabeth I of England in Shekhar Kapur's 1998 film "Elizabeth", for which she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award, and earned her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination.
 Her portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese's 2004 film "The Aviator" brought her critical acclaim and many accolades, including the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, making her the only actor to win an Oscar for portraying another Oscar-winning actor.
 In 2013, she starred as Jasmine Francis in Woody Allen's "Blue Jasmine", for which she won numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress.
The 16th National Television Awards ceremony was held at The O2 Arena in London on 26 January 2011 and was hosted by Dermot O'Leary.
 The awards are voted by the public and the winners are revealed live on ITV.
 Ant & Dec won the award for "Most Popular Entertainment Presenter" for the tenth year in a row, while Bruce Forsyth won the "Special Recognition Award".
 Luis Urzúa, one of the miners who was saved from the 2010 Copiapó mining accident presented the award for "Most Popular Drama".
 The award went to "Waterloo Road", which meant "Doctor Who" failed to win the award for the first time since 2005.
 The "2010 X Factor" winner Matt Cardle performed his number one single "When We Collide".
 Louie Spence of "Pineapple Dance Studios" performed a dance routine before presenting the award for "Outstanding Serial Drama Performance".
Steven Rodney "Steve" McQueen (born 9 October 1969) is an English film director, producer, screenwriter, and video artist.
 For his 2013 film, "12 Years a Slave", a historical drama adaptation of an 1853 slave narrative memoir, he won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award for Best Film, and Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama, as a producer, and he also received the award for Best Director from the New York Film Critics Circle.
 McQueen is the first black filmmaker to win an Academy Award for Best Picture.
 McQueen is known for his collaborations with actor Michael Fassbender, who has starred in all three of McQueen's feature films as of 2014.
 McQueen's other feature films are "Hunger" (2008), a historical drama about the 1981 Irish hunger strike, and "Shame" (2011), a drama about an executive struggling with sex addiction.
Wash Westmoreland, also called Wash West, (born 4 March 1966) is an independent film director who has worked in television, documentaries, and independent films.
 His 2006 release, "Quinceañera", had a double Sundance win (Audience Award and Grand Jury Prize), and it also picked up the Humanitas Prize and the John Cassavetes Spirit Award.
 In 2008, Westmoreland produced an MTV film "Pedro" about AIDS activist Pedro Zamora that was introduced on MTV by U.S. President Bill Clinton.
 Working with his partner Richard Glatzer, he directed "The Last of Robin Hood" in 2012 starring Kevin Kline, Susan Sarandon, and Dakota Fanning that was released in August 2014 by Goldwyn.
 The duo's next film "Still Alice", based on Lisa Genova's NYT bestselling book, starred Julianne Moore, Kristen Stewart, and Alec Baldwin.
 It premiered at Toronto International Film Festival in 2014 and was immediately picked up for distribution by Sony Picture Classics.
 It went on to win many awards, especially for leading actress Julianne Moore, who won the SAG Award, the Independent Spirit Award, the BAFTA and the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Rizwan Ahmed (Urdu: ‎ ; born 1 December 1982), also known as Riz MC, is a British-Pakistani actor, rapper and activist.
 As an actor, he won an Emmy Award, out of two Emmy nominations, and was also nominated for a Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild Award, and three British Independent Film Awards.
 He was initially known for his work in independent films such as "The Road to Guantanamo" (2006), "Shifty" (2008), "Four Lions" (2010), "Trishna" (2011), and "Ill Manors" (2012), before his breakout role in "Nightcrawler" (2014).
 In 2016, he starred in "Una", "Jason Bourne", and as Bodhi Rook in the first "Star Wars" "Anthology" film, "Rogue One".
 That year, he also starred in the HBO miniseries "The Night Of" as Nasir Khan; the show and his performance were critically lauded.
 At the 2017 Emmy Awards, he received two nominations, for his performance in "The Night Of" and his guest spot in "Girls"; he won the award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie for "The Night Of", becoming the first Asian and first Muslim to win in the category, the first South Asian male to win an acting Emmy, and the first Muslim and first South Asian to win a lead acting Emmy.
Marwan Kenzari (born 16 January 1983) is a Tunisian-Dutch actor.
 He has performed in Dutch and English language films.
 He won a Golden Calf for Best Actor in 2013.
