American Hi-Fi is an American rock band formed in Boston in 1998.
 The band consists of lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist Stacy Jones, lead guitarist Jamie Arentzen, bassist/backing vocalist Drew Parsons, and drummer Brian Nolan.
 Prior to the group's formation, Stacy Jones was well known for being a drummer in the successful alternative rock bands Veruca Salt and Letters to Cleo.
 American Hi-Fi has a close relationship with Miley Cyrus, whose band shares two members with American Hi-Fi.
 The group has a mixed musical style that includes influences from pop punk, alternative rock, and power pop.
Nicholas "Nick" Valensi (born January 16, 1981) is an American guitarist, singer, songwriter and session musician.
 He is most famous for his role as lead and rhythm guitarist, as well as occasional backing vocalist and mellotron player, in the American rock band The Strokes.
 Valensi has also worked as a songwriter and session guitarist with various artists, including Sia, Blondie, Brody Dalle, Regina Spektor and Kate Pierson.
 In 2013, he founded side-project CRX, for which he acts as singer, songwriter and lead and rhythm guitarist.
 Their debut album, "New Skin", was released on October 28, 2016.
Fall Out Boy is an American rock band formed in Wilmette, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, in 2001.
 The band consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Patrick Stump, bassist Pete Wentz, lead guitarist Joe Trohman, and drummer Andy Hurley.
 The band originated from Chicago's hardcore punk scene, with which all members were involved at one point.
 The group was formed by Wentz and Trohman as a pop punk side project of the members' respective hardcore bands, and Stump joined shortly thereafter.
 The group went through a succession of drummers before landing Hurley and recording the group's debut album, "Take This to Your Grave" (2003).
 The album became an underground success and helped the band gain a dedicated fanbase through heavy touring, as well as some moderate commercial success.
 "Take This to Your Grave" has commonly been cited as an influential blueprint for pop punk music in the 2000s.
Scott Ian (born Scott Ian Rosenfeld; December 31, 1963) is an American musician, best known as the rhythm guitarist, backing and additional lead vocalist, and the only remaining original founding member of the thrash metal band Anthrax.
 He also writes the lyrics on all their albums.
 Ian is the guitarist and a founding member of the crossover thrash band Stormtroopers of Death.
 He has hosted "The Rock Show" on VH1 and has appeared on VH1's "I Love the..." series, "" and ""Supergroup" (TV series)".
 Ian is also the rhythm guitarist for the metal band The Damned Things.
FVK (Fearless Vampire Killers) were a five-piece English theatrical alternative rock band formed in Beccles in 2008.
 Their line-up consisted of vocalist and rhythm guitarist Laurence Beveridge, vocalist and rhythm guitarist Kier Kemp, bassist Drew Woolnough, lead guitarist Cyrus Barrone (Shane Sumner) and drummer Luke Illingworth (Pilnahn).
 The name of the band originated from the 1967 Roman Polanski comedy horror film "The Fearless Vampire Killers".
Stars in Stereo was an American alternative rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 2011, fronted by American singer, songwriter, and guitarist Rebecca "BECCA" Emily Hollcraft.
 The band also featured guitarist Jordan McGraw, drummer Drew Langan, rhythm guitarist Ryan "Frogs" McCormack, and bassist Justin Siegel until 2013, when Frogs replaced Justin Siegel on bass, who left to pursue other interests.
 The band came together after McGraw, McCormack, Langan, and Justin Siegel’s band, City (Comma) State, broke up.
 The group released their eponymous debut album, "Stars in Stereo", on April 9, 2013, and their subsequent album, "Leave Your Mark", on June 17, 2014 through their own indie record label, Hundred Handed Inc.
4 Tune Kookies is an Indian classic-rock band formed about thirty-five years ago (as ‘People’).
 The band was started in the 1970s when the band culture was fairly unknown in India.
 The band comprises Babu(Saiprasad)Choudhary - (lead guitarist), Hosi Nanji (bass guitarist), Ranjit Barot (former drummer), Derick Gomes (current drummer) and Ronnie Desai (vocalist, rhythm guitarist and song writer)
Sum 41 is a Canadian rock band from Ajax, Ontario.
 Originally called Kaspir, the band formed in 1996 and currently consists of lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist/keyboardist Deryck Whibley, lead guitarist/backing vocalist Dave Baksh, rhythm/lead guitarist/keyboardist/backing vocalist Tom Thacker, bassist/backing vocalist Jason McCaslin and drummer Frank Zummo.
Turkish tango music is an established variation of the Argentine tango but whose rhythm follows the Ballroom tango.
 It was one of the most popular music forms for decades in Turkey.Tango arrived in Turkey soon after the nation was formed in 1924.
 Seyyan Hanim recorded the first Turkish language tango, Necip Celal's Mazi ("The Past") in 1932.
 Tango orchestras and singers include Fehmi Ege, Mustafa Sükrü, Kadri Cerrahoglu, Necdet Koyuturk, Celal Ince, Secaattin Tanyerli, Birsen Alsan, Ibrahim Ozgur, Mefharet Atalay, Birsen Hanim, Afife Hanim, Saime Sengul, Nezahat Onaner, Zehra Eren, and Orhan Avsar.
As Cruel as School Children is the third studio album by Gym Class Heroes.
 It was released on July 25, 2006.
 It was produced by Fall Out Boy's Patrick Stump.
 A second version of the album, released on November 4, 2006 additionally contains the single "Cupid's Chokehold" (a different recording of the song was featured on their previous album "The Papercut Chronicles").
 Both versions of these albums have the Parental Advisory sticker on them.
 "As Cruel as School Children" shows a significant departure from the style of their previous work such as the use of drum machine, Acoustic Guitar, Synthesizers and the band dabbling in many genres such as Electronica, Funk and Soul.
 Since its release, it has been certified gold by the RIAA.
 The name of the album is a lyric from "Scandalous Scholastics", which is a track on the album.
 The band re-released this album, which includes the new remix of "Cupid's Chokehold".

