Omar Arellano Nuño (born May 29, 1967 in Tampico, Tamaulipas) is a former Mexican football midfielder and current manager of Guadalajara Premier, which is C.D. Guadalajara's filial second division side that fields academy players.
Francisco José Rodrigues da Costa, (born 1 December 1974), known as Costinha (] ), is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and the current manager of C.D. Nacional.
Didier Claude Deschamps (] ; born 15 October 1968) is a retired French footballer and current manager of the France national team.
 He played as a defensive midfielder for several clubs, in France, Italy, England and Spain, such as Marseille, Juventus, Chelsea and Valencia, as well as Nantes and Bordeaux.
 Nicknamed "the water-carrier" by former France team-mate Eric Cantona, Deschamps was an intelligent and hard-working defensive midfielder who excelled at winning back possession and subsequently starting attacking plays, and also stood out for his leadership throughout his career.
 As a French international, he was capped on 103 occasions and took part at three UEFA European Football Championships and one FIFA World Cup, captaining his nation to victories in the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000.
Jorge Enríquez García (born 8 January 1991 in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer, who plays as a Defensive midfielder for Santos Laguna on loan from C.D. Guadalajara.
 He is an Olympic gold medalist.
Sergio Adrián Flores Reyes (born February 12, 1995) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a Defensive midfielder or Central defender for Zacatepec on loan from C.D. Guadalajara.
.
Leandro Ferreira Medeiros or simply Léo Medeiros (born May 14, 1981 in Recreio), is a Brazilian retired defensive midfielder, and the current assistant manager of Valeriodoce.
Matías Jesús Almeyda (] ; born 21 December 1973) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and the current manager of Mexican club C.D. Guadalajara.
Emmanuel Giovani Hernández Neri (born January 4, 1993 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer.
 He currently plays as a midfielder for Veracruz on loan from C.D. Guadalajara.
Parma Associazione Calcio did not manage to compete for a much-vaunted first Serie A title, which still proved elusive.
 In the summer following the end of the season, star striker Hernán Crespo ran out of patience, and signed with champions Lazio for a then-world record transfer fee, in a deal that saw Matías Almeyda and Sérgio Conçeicão join Parma.
 Parma did manage to hold on to Lazio targets Gianluigi Buffon and Lilian Thuram, maintaining hope that the club could break its duck in 2000–01.
Antonio Gallardo Palacios (born April 19, 1989 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a midfielder for Club Necaxa on loan from C.D. Guadalajara.
