Darland's Lake Nature Reserve is a nature reserve south of Totteridge Village in Barnet, England.
 It is owned by the London Borough of Barnet and was managed from 1971 by the Hertfordshire and Middlesex Wildlife Trust, and more recently by the borough council.
 In 2007 the council spent £215,000 on repairing the dam and other works, and then proposed leasing the reserve to the Wildlife Trust.
 However, the transfer did not take place and the nature reserve is currently not managed.
Horný les is a national nature reserve in the Slovak municipality of Vysoká pri Morave in the Malacky District.
 The nature reserve covers an area of 543 ha of the Morava floodplains.
 It has a protection level of 4 under the Slovak nature protection system and is part of the Natura 2000 network.
 The nature reserve is part of the Záhorie Protected Landscape Area.
 Together with the Austrian Marchauen reserve managed by World Wide Fund for Nature and the national nature reserve Dolný les, which extends toward the south, it forms one of the largest continuous complexes of floodplain forests in Pomoravia.
The Kiehnmoor is a nature reserve in Germany.
 It was designated as a nature reserve in 1992.
 It has an area of 440 ha of which 100 ha lie in Celle district and 340 ha in Uelzen district.
 The nature conservation authorities of these districts are responsible for the reserve.
 A large part of the area is wet meadow, that in places is intensively farmed.
 However the majority of the area has been left in its natural state.
 A small sand heath forms part of the reserve.
 Its southern perimeter borders immediately on the larger heathland area of the Südheide Nature Park.
 The "Heidschnucken", moorland sheep characteristic of the region, are reared here.
 North of the Kiehnmoor and immediately adjacent to it is the valley of a partially dammed stream, the "Gerdau", and the Brambosteler Moor nature reserve.
 To the southeast the reserve borders on the Unterlüß Firing Range ("Schießplatz Unterlüß"), belonging to the firm of Rheinmetall, and the "Große Heide" ("Large Heath") near Unterlüß, that is closed to the public.
 Kiehnmoor, too, is totally out-of-bounds.
 This whole area is very secluded.
 Rare birds have settled here including the crane and the black stork.
 Even the otter may be found here.
The Mogumber Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Western Australia.
 It is a refuge for the endangered Western Swamp Tortoise along with the Twin Swamps Nature Reserve and the Ellen Brook Nature Reserve.
 Twin Swamps and Ellen Brook are IUCN Protected Area Management Category IV Reserves, while the Mogumber Nature Reserve is a Category Ia nature reserve.
Pù Luông Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in northern Vietnam.
 This nature reserve is situated in Quan Hóa and Bá Thước districts of Thanh Hóa Province, North Central Coast region of Vietnam.
 Pu Luong Nature Reserve is bordered by Mai Châu, Tân Lạc and Lạc Sơn districts of Hòa Bình Province.
 The reserve is located along two parallel mountain ridges, that run from north-west to south-east, and are divided by a central valley, which contains several human settlements and a large agricultural land area, therefore, is not included within the nature reserve.
 Pù Luông is endowed with great biodiversity, its flora and fauna is closely associated with the Cúc Phương National Park 25 km south-east.
Seacroft is a linear settlement in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
 It lies at the south of, and is conjoined to, Skegness , and comprises the less than half-mile long residential road, Seacroft Esplanade, and a golf course at its south.
 Farther south is Gibraltar Point nature reserve.
The Baikal Nature Reserve ( ; Russian: Байка́льский запове́дник , "Baikalski Zapovednik") is a nature reserve on the southeast shore of Lake Baikal, in southern Buryatia, Russia.
 Also called Baikal Zapovednik, it was established in 1969 for preserving the nature along the lake and the neighboring central part of the Chamar-Daban Range.
 The area of this nature reserve is 165,700 ha .
 It hosts dark pine taiga (silver fir, cedar, spruce), thin forests, Siberian Dwarf Pine and rhododendron underbrush, subalpine meadows, and alpine tundras.
 The Baikal Nature Reserve is home to 812 kinds of plants, 49 types of mammals, 272 birds, 3 reptiles, 3 amphibians, and 7 types of fish.
 The reserve is also home to East Siberian brown bear, Baikal lynx, wolverine, otter, osprey, and golden eagle.
 The Baikal Nature Reserve is part of the World Network of Biosphere Reserves (also see "List of biosphere reserves in the Russian Federation").
 The reserve is also a part of the Lake Baikal World Heritage Site.
 The Kabansky Nature Zakaznik, across , was transferred under the jurisdiction of the Baikal Nature Reserve in 1985.
Woodford Halse Nature Reserve is a 5.7 hectare nature reserve south of Woodford Halse in Northamptonshire.
 It is managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
The Gibraltar Nature Reserve (formerly the Upper Rock Nature Reserve) is a protected nature reserve in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar that covers over 40% of the country's land area.
 It was established as the Upper Rock Nature Reserve in 1993 under the International Union for Conservation of Nature's category Ia (strict nature reserve) and was last extended in 2013.
 It is known for its semi-wild population of Barbary macaques, and is an important resting point for migrating birds.
Danes Moss Nature Reserve is a 13.4 ha nature reserve south of Macclesfield, Cheshire, England.
 A Site of Special Scientific Interest, it is managed by the Cheshire Wildlife Trust.
