Stoke Newington Common is an open space in Stoke Newington in the London Borough of Hackney.
 It is east of Stoke Newington High Street, with Northwold Road to the north, and it straddles the busy Rectory Road.
 The Common is 2.15 ha in area.
The Stoke Newington & Edmonton Railway was built by the Great Eastern Railway, under the GER (Metropolitan Station & Railways) Act of 29 July 1864.
 Construction was delayed due to the financial problems of the GER.
 Work commenced on the Hackney Downs to Lower Edmonton section in 1870.
 The section from Bethnal Green Junction to Stoke Newington with stations at Cambridge Heath, London Fields, Hackney Downs, Rectory Road, and Stoke Newington opened on 27 May 1872.
 The remainder opened on 22 July 1872 with stations at Stamford Hill, Seven Sisters, Bruce Grove, White Hart Lane, Silver Street and Edmonton Green.
 The connection with the original branch line to Enfield Town north of Edmonton Green station was opened on 1 August 1872.
The Rose and Crown is a Grade II listed public house at 199 Stoke Newington Church Street, Stoke Newington, Hackney, London, N16 9ES.
Stoke Newington Church Street is a road in north-east London of the borough of Hackney.
 The road links Green Lanes (A105) in the west to Stoke Newington High Street (the A10, formerly Ermine Street), in the east.
 Stoke Newington is one of the villages swallowed by the growth of London in the 19th century, and Church Street retains some of this neighbourhood feel, with many restaurants, pubs, and independent (non-chain) shops.
Tawhid Boys School located in Stoke Newington, in the London Borough of Hackney.
It is the first Islamic boys school in the Stoke Newington area.
 The school was founded in June 2000 (Rabi-al Awwal 1421).
 Hadhrat Moulana Yusuf Motala, head and founder of Darul-Uloom, Bury, Greater Manchester, inaugurated the school in September 2000.
Stoke Newington School (SNS) is a secondary school situated in Stoke Newington, in the London Borough of Hackney.
 The school is an amalgamation of Clissold School and Woodberry Down School, with the new school founded in 1982 in the building of the former Clissold School.
Stoke Newington Central is a ward in the London Borough of Hackney.
 It corresponds roughly to Stoke Newington in London, UK and forms part of the Hackney North and Stoke Newington constituency of Diane Abbott MP.
Colin Roach was a 21-year-old black British man who died from a gunshot wound inside the entrance of Stoke Newington police station, in the London Borough of Hackney, on 12 January 1983.
 Amid allegations of a police cover-up, the case became a cause célèbre for civil rights campaigners and black community groups in the United Kingdom.
 Prior to Roach's death, Hackney Black People's Association had been calling for a public inquiry into policing in the area, alleging that there existed a culture of police brutality, wrongful detention of black people, racial harassment, and racially motivated "stopping and searching."
 Ernie Roberts, the MP for Hackney North and Stoke Newington, said that there had been "a complete breakdown of faith and credibility in the police" in the area and the Commission for Racial Equality called for a full inquiry into both the death of Roach and the policing in Hackney generally.
 In June 1983 a coroner's jury returned a majority verdict of suicide.
 INQUEST, the United Kingdom pressure group founded following the death of Blair Peach at the hands of a police officer in April 1979, was highly critical of the coroner's directions to the jury, and said that he had wrongly pointed them towards a verdict of suicide.
Clissold Park is a designated community park in Stoke Newington, within the London Borough of Hackney.
 It is bounded by Greenway Close (to the north), Stoke Newington Church Street (to the south) and Green Lanes (west) and Queen Elizabeth's Walk (east).
 The park derives its name from Metropolitan Borough of Stoke Newington the local authority when it was established.
 The park is (22.57 hectares (55.8 acres)) in extent.
Stoke Newington is an area occupying the north-west part of the London Borough of Hackney in north-east London.
 It is 5 miles north-east of Charing Cross.
 Stoke Newington Church Street was the site of the original hamlet of Stoke Newington, which in turn gave its name to Stoke Newington the ancient parish.
