Running Wild with Bear Grylls is a survival skills reality television series starring Bear Grylls.
 In each episode, Grylls brings a different celebrity along on his adventures.
 The crew consists of host Bear Grylls, a story producer, two camera cinematographers, two field recordists, and a mountain guide.
 Celebrities such as Zac Efron, Channing Tatum, and Ben Stiller made appearances on the first season of the show.
 In season 2, Kate Winslet, Michael B. Jordan, Kate Hudson, Michelle Rodriguez, James Marsden, and Former President Barack Obama appeared.
 On December 6, 2015, Grylls announced that the series was renewed for a third season which premiered on August 1, 2016.
This is a list of episodes for the second season of "Survive This", a Canadian reality TV show on which eight teenagers with limited survival skills training are taken into a forest and confronted with a number of survival challenges to test their skills and perseverance.
 The show is hosted by Les Stroud, who narrates each episode, provides the teens with survival challenges, and assesses their performance.
How to Survive is a survival skills reality television series that premiered on the Discovery Channel and features Les Stroud explaining different situations and how to survive them.
The Island is an American survival skills reality television series, narrated by adventurer and survivalist Bear Grylls on NBC, which began airing on May 25, 2015.
This is a list of episodes for the first season of "Survive This", a Canadian reality TV show on which eight teenagers with limited survival skills training are taken into a forest and confronted with a number of survival challenges to test their skills and perseverance.
 The show is hosted by Les Stroud, who narrates each episode, provides the teens with survival challenges, and assesses their performance.
 The show premiered on April 7, 2009, in Canada and on June 17, 2009, in the United States.
 Cartoon Network ceased airing "Survive This" after August 19, 2009; the last episode to air was "Mountain."
 The final three episodes screened only on the Cartoon Network Web site.
Survive This is a Canadian reality television show in which eight teenagers with limited survival skills training are taken into a forest and confronted with a number of survival challenges to test their skills and perseverance.
 The series aired on YTV in Canada and Cartoon Network in the United States.
 The show is hosted by Les Stroud, who narrates each episode, provides the teens with survival challenges, and assesses their performance.
 The show premiered on April 7, 2009, in Canada and on June 17, 2009, in the United States.
 Cartoon Network ceased to air "Survive This" after August 19, 2009, and screened the final three episodes only on the network's Web site.
Dr. Eugene Porter is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Josh McDermitt beginning in the fourth season of the American television series of the same name.
 In both mediums he claims to be a scientist who knows the cure to the zombie plague and is being escorted to Washington D.C. by Sgt. Abraham Ford and Rosita Espinosa, and encounter Rick Grimes and his group and recruit them to assist their mission.
 Eugene is overweight and possesses virtually no survival skills of his own and is extremely dependent on the group for survival, but is highly intelligent and resourceful in using technology to ensure the group's survival.
 Eventually Eugene is revealed to have lied and is not a scientist, but a High School science teacher, and doesn't know how to cure the virus and lied to manipulate the other survivors into taking him to Washington D.C. believing it to be the best chance for survival.
 This proves true as the group eventually finds the Alexandria Safe-Zone where Eugene becomes its primary engineer.
 Though his lie puts a strain on their friendship, Abraham eventually forgives him and they resume being friends.
Cody Lundin (born March 15, 1967) is a survival instructor at the Aboriginal Living Skills School in Prescott, Arizona, which he founded in 1991.
 There he teaches modern wilderness survival skills, primitive living skills, urban preparedness, and homesteading.
 Lundin was also a former co-host of Discovery Channel's reality television series, "Dual Survival".
The Island with Bear Grylls is a British reality television series which premiered on Channel 4 on 5 May 2014.
 Four series have aired since 2014.
 Narrated by Bear Grylls, it features participants placed on remote uninhabited Pacific islands as a test of their survival skills.
 They are left completely alone, filming themselves, and with only the clothes they were wearing and some basic tools and training.
 Pitched as an assessment of the capabilities of British men in the 21st Century, the first series featured thirteen male participants.
 Following accusations of sexism, the second series used two islands, with 14 men on one, and 14 women on the other.
 The third series continued the gender divide theme and featured eight men and eight women abandoned on opposite sides of a single island.
Les Stroud (born October 20, 1961) is a Canadian survival expert, filmmaker and musician best known as the creator, writer, producer, director, cameraman and host of the television series "Survivorman".
 After a short career behind the scenes in the music industry, Stroud became a full-time wilderness guide, survival instructor and musician based in Huntsville, Ontario.
 Stroud has produced survival-themed programming for The Outdoor Life Network, The Discovery Channel, The Science Channel, and YTV.
 The survival skills imparted from watching Stroud's television programs have been cited by several people as the reason they lived through harrowing wilderness ordeals.
