The Color Purple is a 1982 epistolary novel by American author Alice Walker that won the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Award for Fiction.
 It was later adapted into a film and musical of the same name.
Published in 1983, In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens: Womanist Prose is a collection composed of 36 separate pieces written by Alice Walker.
 The essays, articles, reviews, statements, and speeches were written between 1966 and 1982.
 Many are based on her understanding of "womanist" theory.
 Walker defines "womanist" at the beginning of the collection as "A black feminist or feminist of color.
 From the black folk expression of mother to female children and also a woman who loves other women, sexually and/or nonsexually.
 Appreciates and prefers women's culture.
 Committed to survival and wholeness of entire people, male and female".
Tobe Levin Freifrau von Gleichen (*Feb 16, 1948), a multi-lingual scholar, translator, editor and activist, is an Associate of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard University; a Visiting Research Fellow at the International Gender Studies Centre, Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford; an activist against female genital mutilation (FGM) and professor of English Emerita at the University of Maryland, University College.
 Having received her PhD in 1979 from Cornell University, she is most known for combining her advocacy against FGM with her academic scholarship in comparative literature.
 She has published peer-reviewed and popular articles and book chapters, edited four books, launched UnCUT/VOICES Press in 2009 and founded "Feminist Europa Review of Books" (1998-2010).
 Her most notable works to date are "Empathy and Rage.
 Female Genital Mutilation in African Literature" and " Waging Empathy.
 Alice Walker, Possessing the Secret of Joy, and the Global Movement to Ban FGM."
 Alice Walker expressed appreciation for the text that shows worldwide solidarity with the novelist's literary abolition efforts in the early nineties.
 Levin has also teamed up with Maria Kiminta and photographer Britta Radike to publish a memoir and sourcebook, "Kiminta.
 A Maasai's Fight against Female Genital Mutilation."
Warrior Marks: Female Genital Mutilation and the Sexual Blinding of Women is a 1993 book by Alice Walker with Pratibha Parmar, who made an award-winning documentary of the same name.
 Following on from her 1992 novel "Possessing the Secret of Joy", Walker undertakes a journey to parts of Africa where clitoridectomy is still practised.
 "Warrior Marks" is a harrowing work as Walker interviews women who have had the operation done and finally interviews a woman—circumcised herself—who performs the operation.
The Color Purple is a musical with a book by Marsha Norman and music and lyrics by Stephen Bray, Brenda Russell, and Allee Willis.
 Based on the 1982 novel by Alice Walker, the show follows the journey of Celie, an African-American woman in the American South from the early to mid-20th century.
The Color Purple is a 1985 American period drama film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Menno Meyjes, based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Alice Walker.
 It was Spielberg's eighth film as a director, and was a change from the summer blockbusters for which he had become famous.
 The film was also the first feature-length film directed by Spielberg for which John Williams did not compose the music.
 The film starred Danny Glover, Desreta Jackson, Margaret Avery, Oprah Winfrey (in her film debut), Adolph Caesar, Rae Dawn Chong, and featured Whoopi Goldberg (also in her film debut) as Celie Harris-Johnson.
The Temple of My Familiar is a 1989 novel by Alice Walker.
 It is an ambitious and multi-narrative novel containing the interleaved stories of Arveyda, a musician in search of his past; Carlotta, his Latin American wife who lives in exile from hers; Suwelo, a black professor of American History who realizes that his generation of men have failed women; Fanny, his ex-wife about to meet her father for the first time; and Lissie, a vibrant creature with a thousand pasts.
Alice Walker: Beauty in Truth is a documentary film directed by Pratibha Parmar, made by Kali Films production company.
 The film follows the life of the Pulitzer Prize-winning author, poet and activist Alice Walker.
 Shooting began in May 2011.
 It was aired on the BBC on Monday July 8, 2013, and on PBS on February 7, 2014.
Meridian is a 1976 novel by American author Alice Walker.
 It has been described as Walker's "meditation on the modern civil rights movement."
 "Meridian" is about Meridian Hill, a young black woman in the late 1960s who is attending college as she embraces the civil rights movement at a time when the movement becomes violent.
 The story follows her life into the 1970s through a relationship that ultimately fails, and her continued efforts to support the movement.
The Color Purple is a 1982 novel by Alice Walker.
