CNCO is a Latin American boy band formed on December 13, 2015, composed of Christopher Vélez, Richard Camacho, Joel Pimentel, Erick Brian Colón and Zabdiel de Jesús"."
 They won a 5-year recording contract with Sony Music Latin after becoming the winning competitors of the first season of "La Banda."
 The band toured with Ricky Martin and their singles, "Tan Fácil" and "Quisiera", charted well soon after their debut.
 They released their first album, "Primera Cita" on August 26, 2016.
 In August 2017, they became the first boy band to reach one billion views in YouTube, with their single "Reggaetón Lento (Bailemos).
Titanium is a New Zealand pop boy band formed in Auckland in 2012 from the winners of "The Edge" radio station's competition to create New Zealand's second boy band.
 The Edge radio station hosted auditions across New Zealand and eventually six young men were selected for the group consisting of members, Zac Taylor, Andrew Papas, Jordi Webber, Shaquille Paranihi-Ngauma, Haydn Linsley and T.K Paradza.
 They released their debut single, "Come On Home".
 The single debuted at number one on the official New Zealand Singles Chart on 17 September 2012.
KO One Original Soundtrack () is the soundtrack for the 2005/2006 Taiwanese drama, "KO One", starring Aaron Yan, Calvin Chen, and Jiro Wang of Taiwanese boy band, Fahrenheit and Danson Tang.
 It was released by HIM International Music on 27 December 2005.
 The album included song by the then newly formed Taiwanese boy band Fahrenheit and also brought fame to Taiwanese artist, Tank who wrote and sang the opening and ending theme songs.
 The album was the best selling soundtrack in 2006, selling more than 60,000 copies in Taiwan within the first month.
"Reggaetón Lento (Bailemos)" is a song by Latin American boy band CNCO.
 It was released on 7 October 2016 as the third single from their debut studio album, "Primera Cita" (2016).
 The song was written by Eric Perez, Jadan Andino, Jorge Class and Luis Angel O'Neill.
 The video has received over 1.1 billion views on YouTube as of September 2017.
 It was announced on 16 August 2017 that the band would release a remix of the song with British girl group Little Mix.
ONE was a boy band that first appeared in 1999, recognized as both Greece and Cyprus's very first boy band.
 The band was formed by leading Cypriot-Greek composer Giorgos Theofanous and Minos EMI A&R Manager Vangelis Yannopoulos.
 Constantinos Christoforou and Phiippos Constantinos were on board quite early, chosen by Giorgos Theofanous.
 The next three members were picked up after a selective audition that took place in legendary Athenian Sierra Studio.
 The selecting committee consisted of Natalia Germanou, Posidonas Yannopoulos, Andreas Kouris, Themis Georgandas, Theofanous and Yannopoulos.
 Demetres Koutsavlakis, Argyris Nastopoulos and Panos Tserpes were retained among 179 candidates.
 Christoforou followed a solo career in 2003, and was replaced by another Cypriot singer, Demos Beke.
 In 2005 the band formally disbanded.
 In their 6-year existence they enjoyed much commercial success and earned platinum certifications, as well as having staged memorable performances with successful Greek singers at music halls and in concerts.
Latin American boy band CNCO has released one studio album and seven singles, including three as a featured artist.
 The group gained international recognition after the release of the single "Reggaetón Lento (Bailemos)", from their debut studio album "Primera Cita".
Imajin is an American R&B boy band that is known for their hit "Shorty (You Keep Playing With My Mind)" featuring Keith Murray.
 The group also made a version of this song with (rapper) Mr. Cheeks of the rap group The Lost Boyz.
 This single peaked at number 25 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, number 20 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and number 22 in the UK Singles Chart in 1998.
 The band was originally put together by record producer Bert Price and inspired by past boy bands such as Jackson 5, New Edition, Hi-Five, Immature, and Mint Condition.
 Original credited band members included Jamal Hampton (who was later replaced by Tony Royster, Jr.), Talib Kareem, Olamide Faison, and John Fitch.
 Faison is the younger brother of Donald Faison of the television series "Scrubs".
 Imajin credited themselves to being a true boy band and are different because each member played an instrument.
 Jamal Hampton and Tony Royster played the drums, Talib Kareem the keyboard, and Olamide Faison played the guitar while John Fitch played the bass guitar.
 After the first album, the group split and John and Olamide made a duo called JizLams.
 During the hiatus, Talib continued to produce songs for various artists such as Solange Knowles.
 Jamal Hampton changed his name to J Star while pursuing a solo career.
 The group continues to produce and sing music together as "Imajin".
Magneto was a popular Mexican boy band of the 1980s and 1990s.
 The band formed on February 14, 1983.
 In 1986, Magneto was featured in "Siempre en Domingo," a Mexican entertainment show viewed across Latin America and parts of Europe.
 Mexican teen pop group Magneto emerged in 1983.
 Their first record, Dejalo Que Gire came in 1984, followed by Super 6 Magneto.
 The Latin pop outfit suffered several lineup changes before achieving their first gold record in 1986.
 Mostly playing dance-pop songs, the five-member ensemble started touring Central America after climbing charts with "Todo Esta Muy Bien," and "Soy Un Soñador."
 However, their breakthrough came after issuing a Spanish-language version of Desireless' "Voyage Voyage," a French pop hit from the '80s.
 In 1992 the boy band played the lead in their own movie, "Cambiando el Destino".
 Magneto won the Lo Nuestro Award for Pop New Artist of the Year, and received two nominations for the Lo Nuestro Awards of 1993: Pop Album ("Magneto") and Pop Group of the Year.
 Nevertheless, the original Magneto disbanded in 1996 after a sold-out show at Mexico City's Auditorio Nacional.
The discography of Japanese boy band SMAP consists of 21 studio albums, 5 compilation albums, 23 video albums, and numerous singles.
 Sports Music Assemble People, abbreviated as SMAP, was formed in 1988 by a group of backup dancers for the boy band Hikaru Genji of Johnny & Associates.
 The band's initial releases performed poorly on the charts, but the following ones started gaining attention, aided by the group's appearance on their own variety show, "SMAP×SMAP".
 Their 2003 single "Sekai ni Hitotsu Dake no Hana" sold over two million copies in Japan, becoming one of the best-selling singles in the country.
 In August 2016, the group announced that they will disband by the year end.
 Since 2003, all of the band's releases have peaked at number one on the Oricon Albums or Singles Chart.
 The group has sold over 35 million records in Japan.
Xiao Hu Dui (Chinese: 小虎隊), also known as the Little Tigers, were a Taiwanese boy band formed in 1988.
 The band consisted of Alec Su, Nicky Wu and Julian Chen.
 The trio rose to fame during the late 1980s, achieving success in their native Taiwan and throughout Asia.
 Their success led to the recognition, popularity and creation of Taiwanese idol boy bands and other pop acts.
 Xiao Hu Dui are cited as the first idol band.
 After a brief hiatus, the group disbanded in 1995.
 The three members went on to pursue solo careers.
