Boeckella palustris is a species of copepod that lives in South America.
 It inhabits shallow pools, including the highest body of water ever to have yielded a crustacean, at an altitude of 5930 m in the Andes.
 It was described independently by two scientists in 1955, using material brought back by different European expeditions to the same region.
A Deadly Wandering: A Mystery, a Landmark Investigation, and the Astonishing Science of Attention in the Digital Age is a 2014 book by Matt Richtel.
 It details the story of Reggie Shaw, a Mormon teenager who killed two scientists in Utah in 2006 while he was texting and driving.
 Richtel also reports scientific studies on human attention interspersed with the narrative.
Philippe Perrin, (La Tronche, 10 August 1964) is a French artist and contemporary photographer who lives and works in Paris.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) is the agency of the European Union (EU) that provides independent information on the environment, thereby helping those involved in developing, adopting, implementing and evaluating environmental policy, as well as informing the general public.
 The agency is governed by a management board composed of representatives of the governments of its 33 member states, a European Commission representative and two scientists appointed by the European Parliament, assisted by a committee of scientists.
Philippe Perrin (Colonel, French Air Force) (born January 6, 1963) is a French test pilot and former CNES and European Space Agency astronaut.
ClickWorkers is a small NASA experimental project that uses public volunteers (nicknamed "clickworkers" on the site) for scientific tasks.
 Clickworkers are able to work when, and for however long they choose, doing routine analysis that would normally require months of work by scientists or graduate students.
 The web site and database were created and maintained by one engineer, Bob Kanefsky, and advised by two scientists, Nadine Barlow and Virginia Gulick.
 The pilot study was sponsored by the NASA Ames Director's Discretionary Fund.
GeneDx is genetic testing company that was founded in 2000 by two scientists from the National Institutes of Health (NIH), Drs. Sherri Bale and John Compton.
 They specialize in testing for rare inherited disorders.
 In 2006, BioReference laboratories acquired GeneDx.
 Since then GeneDx has operated as a subsidiary of this parent company under the leadership of Drs. Bale and Compton.
Witmer Stone (September 22, 1866 – May 24, 1939) was an American ornithologist, botanist, and mammalogist, and was considered one of the last of the “great naturalists.”
 Stone is remembered principally as an ornithologist.
 He was president of the American Ornithologists’ Union (AOU) 1920–23, and was editor of the AOU’s periodical "The Auk" 1912–1936.
 He spearheaded the production of the 4th edition of the AOU checklist, published in 1931.
 He worked for over 50 years in the Ornithology Department at the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia, eventually serving as Director of the institution.
 Stone was one of the founding members of the Delaware Valley Ornithological Club (DVOC) in 1890 and was actively involved in the organization for the remainder of his life.
 Stone was one of only two scientists (Joseph Grinnell was the other) to serve as president of both the AOU and the American Society of Mammalogists, and he co-authored two popular books about mammals.
 His outstanding botanical contribution was "The Plants of Southern New Jersey", published in 1911.
 Stone spent many summers at Cape May, New Jersey, summering there annually starting in 1916.
 He is best remembered for his two-volume classic "Bird Studies at Old Cape May", which was published by the DVOC in 1937, two years before his death.
Jerry McKee Adams, FAA, FRS (born 17 June 1940) is an Australian-American molecular biologist whose research into the genetics of haemopoietic differentiation and malignancy, led him and his wife, Professor Suzanne Cory, to be the first two scientists to pioneer gene cloning techniques in Australia, and to successfully clone mammalian genes.
Mosbytoppane (earlier Mosbytoppen, sometimes anglicized as Mosby Peak), are two crags to the southwest of the caldera of the island of Bouvetøya.
 The tallest is a snow-covered peak 670 m above mean sea level and 1.3 km northeast of Norvegiaodden.
 It was charted by the First "Norvegia" Expedition in 1927–28, under Captain Harald Horntvedt.
 It is named for Hakon Mosby, an oceanographer and meteorologist who was one of two scientists on the expedition.
