Vera Cruz is a 1954 American Western theatrical film starring Gary Cooper and Burt Lancaster, and featuring Denise Darcel, Sara Montiel, Cesar Romero, Ernest Borgnine, Charles Bronson and Jack Elam.
 The movie was directed by Robert Aldrich from a story by Borden Chase.
 The picture's amoral characters and cynical attitude toward violence (including a scene where Lancaster's character threatens to murder child hostages) were considered shocking at the time and influenced future Westerns such as "The Magnificent Seven", "The Professionals", Sam Peckinpah's "The Wild Bunch", and the films of Sergio Leone, which often featured supporting cast members from "Vera Cruz" in similar roles.
The Ambulance is a 1990 thriller film written and directed by Larry Cohen.
 It stars Eric Roberts, James Earl Jones, Janine Turner, Megan Gallagher, Red Buttons, and Eric Braeden as the Doctor.
 Kevin Hagen plays a cop in what would be his final film role.
 In his first film role, Stan Lee of Marvel Comics has a small role as himself.
Robert Burgess Aldrich (August 9, 1918 – December 5, 1983) was an American film director, writer and producer, notable for such films as "Vera Cruz" (1954), "Kiss Me Deadly" (1955), "The Big Knife" (1955), "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?
" (1962), "Hush… Hush, Sweet Charlotte" (1964), "The Flight of the Phoenix" (1965), "The Dirty Dozen" (1967) and "The Longest Yard" (1974).
A Rich Man's Plaything was a 1917 American silent drama film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation.
 The film starred Valeska Suratt in her final film role.
 "A Rich Man's Plaything" is now considered lost.
 It is one of many silent films that were destroyed in a fire at Fox's film storage facility in Little Ferry, New Jersey in July 1937.
A Kiss for Corliss is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Richard Wallace and written by Howard Dimsdale.
 It stars Shirley Temple in her final starring role as well as her final film appearance.
 It is a sequel to the 1945 film "Kiss and Tell".
 "A Kiss for Corliss" was retitled "Almost a Bride" before release and this title appears in the title sequence.
 The film was released on November 25, 1949, by United Artists.
Ten Tall Men is a 1951 Technicolor comedy adventure film about the French Foreign Legion during the Rif War in Morocco.
 It starred Burt Lancaster, Jody Lawrance and Gerald Mohr.
 Though co-written and directed by Willis Goldbeck, Goldbeck walked off the film due to disputes with Lancaster (whose own company Norma Productions produced the film) with the film being completed by Robert Parrish.
 Credited as an associate producer, Robert Aldrich was a production manager on the film where he met Lancaster that led him to direct "Vera Cruz" for him.
 Robert Clary made his debut in the film as an Arab batman.
 Portions of the film were filmed in Palm Springs, California.
 The story was released as a Fawcett Movie Comic#16 in April 1951.
O Cangaceiro (lit.
 "The Cangaceiro"; also known as "The Bandit" and "The Bandits") is a 1953 Brazilian action drama film directed by Lima Barreto.
 After some reluctance by its studio Vera Cruz, Barreto shot it in 1952.
 After its release it was national and international success, and won several film awards, including at the Cannes Film Festival.
 It was poorly received in retrospect despite being praised by the time of its release and started a subgenre in Brazilian cinema.
All Dogs Go to Heaven is a 1989 animated musical comedy-drama film directed and produced by Don Bluth, and released by United Artists and Goldcrest Films.
 It tells the story of Charlie B. Barkin (voiced by Burt Reynolds), a German Shepherd that is murdered by his former friend, Carface (voiced by Vic Tayback, in his final film role), but withdraws from his place in Heaven to return to Earth, where his best friend, Itchy Itchiford (voiced by Dom DeLuise) still lives, and he teams up with a young orphan girl named Anne-Marie (voiced by Judith Barsi, in her final film role), who teaches them an important lesson about kindness, friendship and love.
Mary Poppins Returns (also known as Mary Poppins 2) is an upcoming American musical fantasy film directed by Rob Marshall and written by David Magee.
 It is the sequel to the 1964 film "Mary Poppins".
 The film stars Emily Blunt, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ben Whishaw, Emily Mortimer, Pixie Davies, Joel Dawson, Nathanael Saleh, Julie Walters, Colin Firth, Dick Van Dyke and Meryl Streep.
 Set 25 years after the 1964 film, it will feature Mary Poppins, the former nanny of Jane and Michael Banks, re-visiting them after a family tragedy.
 The film is scheduled for release on December 25, 2018, giving it one of the longest gaps between film sequels in history.
Enteng the Dragon is a 1988 Philippine comedy film directed by Romy Villaflor and written by Roy Vera Cruz.
 It is a parody of the film, "Enter the Dragon".
