The Intelligent Design network, inc. (commonly IDnet or Intelligent Design Network) is a nonprofit organization formed in Kansas to promote the pseudoscientific principle of intelligent design.
 It is based in Shawnee Mission, Kansas.
 The Intelligent Design Network was founded by John Calvert, a corporate finance lawyer with a bachelor's degree in geology, and nutritionist William S. Harris.
 Its self-described mission is "to promote evidence-based science education with regard to the origin of the universe and of life and its diversity" and "to enhance public awareness of the evidence of intelligent design and living systems."
Intelligent Design: The Bridge Between Science and Theology is a 1999 book by William A. Dembski which presents an argument in support of intelligent design.
 Dembski defines the term "specified complexity", and argues that instances of it in nature cannot be explained by Darwinian evolution, but instead are consistent with the intelligent design.
 He also derives an instance of his self-declared law of conservation of information and uses it to argue against Darwinian evolution.
 The book is a summary treatment of the mathematical theory he presents in "The Design Inference" (1998), and is intended to be largely understandable by a nontechnical audience.
 Dembski also provides a Christian theological commentary, and analysis of, what he perceives to be the historical and cultural significance of the ideas.
The Design Revolution: Answering the Toughest Questions about Intelligent Design is a 2004 book by William A. Dembski, who supports intelligent design, and the idea that certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not a naturalistic process such as natural selection.
 The book is written in question/answer format from Dembski's point of view as one of the conceptual leaders in the movement.
 Each chapter is about 4 pages long and addresses one specific question.
 Dembski describes these questions as from his prior ten years experience in lectures, media interviews, and published criticism by the scientific community opposed to intelligent design, who constitute the majority of the scientific community and science education organizations.
 The foreword was written by Charles W. Colson.
Tammy Kitzmiller, et al. v. Dover Area School District, et al. (400 F. Supp.
 2d 707, Docket No. 4cv2688) was the first direct challenge brought in the United States federal courts testing a public school district policy that required the teaching of intelligent design.
 In October 2004, the Dover Area School District of York County, Pennsylvania, changed its biology teaching curriculum to require that intelligent design be presented as an alternative to evolution theory, and that "Of Pandas and People", a textbook advocating intelligent design, was to be used as a reference book.
 The prominence of this textbook during the trial was such that the case is sometimes referred to as the Dover Panda Trial, a name which recalls the popular name of the Scopes Monkey Trial in Tennessee, 80 years earlier.
 The plaintiffs successfully argued that intelligent design is a form of creationism, and that the school board policy violated the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
 The judge's decision sparked considerable response from both supporters and critics.
Signature in the Cell: DNA and the Evidence for Intelligent Design is a 2009 book about intelligent design by philosopher and intelligent design advocate Stephen C. Meyer.
 The book was well received by some within the conservative, intelligent design and evangelical communities, but several other reviewers were critical and wrote that Meyer's claims are incorrect.
Creationism's Trojan Horse: The Wedge of Intelligent Design is a 2004 book by Barbara Forrest and Paul R. Gross on the origins of intelligent design, specifically the Discovery Institute's Center for the Renewal of Science and Culture and its wedge strategy.
 The authors are highly critical of what they refer to as intelligent design creationism, and document the intelligent design movement's fundamentalist Christian origins and funding.
William Albert "Bill" Dembski (born July 18, 1960) is an American mathematician, philosopher and theologian.
 A proponent of intelligent design (ID), specifically the concept of specified complexity, he was previously a senior fellow of the Discovery Institute's Center for Science and Culture (CSC).
 On September 23, 2016 he announced his official retirement from intelligent design, resigning all his "formal associations with the ID community, including [his] Discovery Institute fellowship of 20 years."
Uncommon Dissent: Intellectuals Who Find Darwinism Unconvincing is a 2004 anthology edited by William A. Dembski in which fifteen intellectuals, eight of whom are leading intelligent design proponents associated with the Discovery Institute's Center for Science and Culture (CSC) and the International Society for Complexity, Information and Design (ISCID), criticise "Darwinism" and make a case for intelligent design.
 It is published by the publishing wing of the paleoconservative Intercollegiate Studies Institute.
 The foreword is by John Wilson, editor of the evangelical Christian magazine "Christianity Today".
 The title is a pun on the principle of biology known as common descent.
 The Discovery Institute is the engine behind the intelligent design movement.
The Design Inference: Eliminating Chance through Small Probabilities is a 1998 book by American philosopher and mathematician William A. Dembski, a proponent of intelligent design, which sets out to establish approaches by which evidence of intelligent agency could be inferred in natural and social situations.
 In the book he distinguishes between 3 general modes of competing explanations in order of priority: regularity, chance, and design.
 The processes in which regularity, chance, and design are ruled out one by one until one remains as a reasonable and sufficient explanation for an event, are what he calls an "explanatory filter".
 It is a method that tries to eliminate competing explanations in a systematic fashion including when a highly improbable event conforms to a discernible pattern that is given independently of the event itself.
 This pattern is Dembski's concept of specified complexity.
 Throughout the book he uses diverse examples such as detectability of spontaneous generation and occurrence of natural phenomena and cases of deceit like ballot rigging, plagiarism, falsification of data, etc.
Specified complexity is a concept proposed by William Dembski and used by him and others to promote the pseudoscientific arguments of intelligent design.
 According to Dembski, the concept can formalize a property that singles out patterns that are both "specified" and "complex", in specific senses defined by Dembski.
 Dembski states that specified complexity is a reliable marker of design by an intelligent agent—a central tenet to intelligent design, which Dembski argues for in opposition to modern evolutionary theory.
 The concept of specified complexity is widely regarded as mathematically unsound and has not been the basis for further independent work in information theory, in the theory of complex systems, or in biology.
 Proponents of intelligent design use specified complexity as one of their two main arguments, alongside irreducible complexity.
