The Provisional Irish Republican Army (Provisional IRA) was an Irish republican paramilitary organization that sought to remove Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom and to bring about an independent socialist republic encompassing all of Ireland.
 It was the biggest and most active republican paramilitary group during the Troubles.
 It saw itself as the successor to the original IRA and called itself simply the Irish Republican Army (IRA), or "Óglaigh na hÉireann" in Irish, and was widely referred to as such by others.
Since the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) called a ceasefire and ended its armed campaign in 1997, breakaway groups opposed to the ceasefire ("dissident Irish republicans") have continued a low-level armed campaign against the British security forces in Northern Ireland.
 The main paramilitaries involved are the Real IRA, Continuity IRA and Óglaigh na hÉireann.
 They have targeted the British Army and Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI, successor of the Royal Ulster Constabulary) in gun and bomb attacks, as well as with mortars and rockets.
 They have also carried out bombings that are meant to cause disruption.
 However, their campaign has not been as intensive as the Provisional IRA's.
The Omagh bombing was a car bombing that took place on 15 August 1998 in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.
 It was carried out by a group calling themselves the Real Irish Republican Army, a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) splinter group who opposed the IRA's ceasefire and the Good Friday Agreement.
 The bombing killed 29 people (including a woman pregnant with twins) as well as injuring some 220 others, a death toll even higher than that of any single incident during what were considered 'the Troubles' (1968-10 April 1998).
 Telephoned warnings had been sent about 40 minutes beforehand, but were claimed to be inaccurate and police had inadvertently moved people towards the bomb.
The Brighton hotel bombing was a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) assassination attempt against the top tier of the British government in 1984 that occurred on 12 October 1984 at the Grand Brighton Hotel in Brighton, England.
 A long-delay time bomb was planted in the hotel by IRA member Patrick Magee, with the purpose of killing Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet, who were staying at the hotel for the Conservative Party conference.
 Although Thatcher narrowly escaped injury, five people were killed including a sitting Conservative MP, and 31 were injured.
The Official Irish Republican Army or Official IRA (OIRA) was an Irish republican paramilitary group whose goal was to remove Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom and create a "workers' republic" encompassing all of Ireland.
 It emerged in December 1969, shortly after the beginning of the Troubles, when the Irish Republican Army split into two factions.
 The other was the Provisional IRA.
 Each continued to call itself simply "the IRA" and rejected the other's legitimacy.
 Unlike the "Provisionals", the "Officials" were Marxist and worked to form a united front with other Irish communist groups, named the Irish National Liberation Front (NLF).
 The Officials were called the NLF by the Provisionals and were sometimes nicknamed the "Red IRA" by others.
The Green Book is a training and induction manual issued by the Irish Republican Army to new volunteers.
 It was used by the post-Irish Civil War Irish Republican Army (IRA) and Cumann na mBan, (""League of Women""), along with later incarnations such as the Provisional IRA (PIRA).
 It includes a statement of military objectives, tactics and conditions for military victory against the British government.
 This military victory was to be achieved as part of ""the ongoing liberation of Ireland from foreign occupiers"".
 The Green Book has acted as a manual of conduct and induction to the organisation since at least the 1950s.
The Workers' Party (Irish: "Páirtí na nOibrithe" ), originally known as Official Sinn Féin, is a Marxist–Leninist political party active throughout Ireland.
 The party originated with a split between factions of Sinn Féin (which was founded in 1905) and the Irish Republican Army (IRA), which took place in 1969–70, early in the Troubles.
 The faction that broke away became known as the Provisional Irish Republican Army and Provisional Sinn Féin.
 The Officials' leaders at the time the Provisionals left were Cathal Goulding and Tomás Mac Giolla.
Joe Cahill (Irish: Seosamh Ó Cathail ; 19 May 1920 – 23 July 2004) was a prominent figure in the Irish Republican movement in Northern Ireland and former chief of staff of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).
 He joined a junior-republican movement, Na Fianna Eireann, in 1937 and the following year, joined the Irish Republican Army.
 In 1969, Cahill was a key figure in the founding of the Provisional Irish Republican Army.
 During his time in the Provisional IRA, Cahill helped import weapons and raise financial support.
 He served as the chief of staff in 1972, but was arrested the following year when a ship importing weapons was intercepted.
 After his release, he continued to serve on the IRA Army Council and lead all financial dealings for Sinn Féin.
 In the 1990s, the IRA and Sinn Féin began to work on seeking peace.
 Cahill served on the council that called a cessation on 21 July 1996.
 Cahill attended several of the talks that finally led to the Good Friday Agreement on 10 April 1998.
 Shortly after the agreement was made, Cahill resigned as treasurer of Sinn Féin.
 To honour his service, he was made honorary Sinn Féin Vice-President for life.
The Real Irish Republican Army or Real IRA (RIRA), is a dissident Irish republican paramilitary organisation which aims to bring about a united Ireland.
 It formed in 1997 following a split in the Provisional IRA by dissident members, who rejected the IRA's ceasefire that year.
 Like the Provisional IRA before it, the RIRA sees itself as the only rightful successor to the original Irish Republican Army and styles itself as "the Real Irish Republican Army" in English or "Óglaigh na hÉireann" in Irish.
 It is an illegal organisation in the Republic of Ireland and designated as proscribed terrorist organisation in the United Kingdom and the United States.
This is a timeline of actions by the Real Irish Republican Army, also called the Real IRA, an Irish republican paramilitary group.
 The group was formed in late 1997 by members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army who disagreed with that organisation's ceasefire.
