Shinbone Alley (sometimes performed as archy & mehitabel) is a musical with a book by Joe Darion and Mel Brooks, lyrics by Darion, and music by George Kleinsinger.
 Based on "archy and mehitabel", a series of "New York Tribune" columns by Don Marquis (illustrated by Krazy Kat author George Herriman), it focuses on poetic cockroach archy (who wasn't strong enough to depress the typewriter's shift-key), alley cat mehitabel, and her relationships with theatrical cat tyrone t. tattersal and tomcat big bill, under the watchful eye of the newspaperman, the voice-over narrator and only human being in the show.
Conférencier is the proper term for the master of ceremonies appearing in European cabaret.
 The term appeared in the 1920s and became synonymous with these persona who not only emceed cabarets, but were well known for their political and social commentary.
 They became controversial in the eye of the Nazi regime, who eventually cracked down and banned such commentary, keeping a watchful eye over these conférenciers.
Charles de Lorme, Delorme, d'lorm, or De l'Orme (1 January 1584 – 31 December 1678), was a medical doctor.
 Charles was the son of Jean Delorme (a professor at Montpellier University), who was the primary doctor to Marie de' Medici.
 This ultimately opened doors for Charles' medical career soon after he graduated from the University of Montpellier in 1607 at the age of 23.
 He first came to Paris after graduation to practice medicine under the watchful eye of his father, until he was ready to practice as a regular doctor on his own.
 There are no records of his marriages, except that he married for the third time at the age of 78.
 This wife died within a year.
Salisbury Woodland Gardens is an open space located in the east of Blackpool, flanked by East Park Drive and Woodside Drive and linking Blackpool Zoo with Stanley Park.
 Known simply as the 'Woodland Gardens' to local people, the site was acquired in 1924 by Blackpool Corporation and was originally developed as a shelter belt for the adjacent Stanley Park Golf Course.
 The gardens were later developed in the 1940s as an arboretum and public open space for all to enjoy.
 It was renovated in 1967 by Peter Perry and his 'Flying Squad (see below).
 Popular once as a wedding photograph location, the site went into decline during the 1990s.
 The Council's Ranger Service manage and protect the gardens which they took over in September 2006 and have been funding and undertaking the restoration of the woodland.
Kiyoshi Daniel Kohatsu, or Daniel Kiyoshi, is an animation director and producer.
 He was born in Lince, Lima, Peru in March 1971.
 Of Japanese descent, Kiyoshi attended primary and secondary school at La Union School.
 He enrolled the Faculty of Arts of the Catholic University of Peru.
 Uncontented with the escolasticics of "artsi farsi", Kiyoshi decided to leave the university and moved to Tokyo and then to Vancouver, Canada to follow studies in cinema.
 Later, he graduated from Vancouver Film School as an animation artist.
 Under the tutelage and watchful eye of animator and director of cartoons Marv Newland, founder of "International Rocketship", Kiyoshi started a career dedicated to production of animation.
 As a freelancer, Kohatsu worked on several projects for Dreamworks, Warner Bros., MTV, Nickelodeon and Disney,
Toby Peter Sibbick (born 23 May 1999) is an English footballer who plays for AFC Wimbledon.
 Toby went to St Lawrence R C Primary School in Feltham, West London where he learnt his football trade under the watchful eye on Rory McCormack who was St Lawrence R C Primary School's Headteacher and school football team coach.
 Toby began as a more attacking playing ending up top goalscorer for the school and winning the school championship.
 Toby attended Gunnersbury Boys' School secondary school where he represented the school in many sports with football being the main sport.
Double Trouble is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from April 4, 1984 to March 30, 1985.
 The series stars identical twins Jean and Liz Sagal as Kate and Allison Foster, two teenagers living under the watchful eye of their widowed father.
 The show was considered an updating of the "twins in mischief" concept seen in films like "The Parent Trap" or the "Patty Duke Show" of the 1960s.
 The Sagal sisters acknowledged that Norman Lear, the Sagal family's godfather, was the one who held influence over the show's concept.
Patan Minara is believed to be a 5000 year old Buddhist monastery situated eight kilometers from Rahim Yar Khan city, located in Pakistan.
 Patan minara was built during Hakrra valley civilization during the Mauryan period (250BC).
 It was once the capital of Hindu kingdom in 10 AD as mentioned by Colonel Toy.
 Some archeologists believe that the structure was built by Alexander the Great when he passed through this area during his military expedition to India.
 As was his practice, Alexander set up a cantonment here under a Greek governor and tower served for keeping a watchful eye on the local tribes.
 There is a mystery behind it that there was once treasure hidden in that historical building.
 By the 18th century when Patan Minara was demolished they discovered a brick with sanskrit written on it.
Sasquatched!
 The Musical is a two-act musical written by Phil Darg in 2012.
 The piece is a musical comedy that depicts "Bigfoot" (Arthur the Sasquatch) as a talking, intelligent, and dignified creature whose sudden presence in the fictional Columbia National Park precipitates a series of humorous encounters with quirky locals.
 Set to a pop-rock musical score, Arthur does his best to convince the park patrons that he is worthy of their respect and friendship – while countering "Bigfoot" stereotypes and eluding the watchful eye of the media, who are attempting to expose and exploit Arthur and all of the Sasquatches.
"The Thick of It" is a British television comedy programme that premiered in 2005 on BBC Four.
 The series satirises the inner workings of modern British government.
 It follows the running of a fictional Department of Social Affairs and Citizenship, and most episodes focus on that department's incumbent minister and a core cast of advisors and civil servants, under the watchful eye of Number 10's enforcer, Malcolm Tucker (Peter Capaldi).
 The supporting characters include people in government, in the opposition, and in the media.
