"Ya Got Trouble" is a song by Meredith Willson from the 1957 Broadway musical "The Music Man", and its 1962 filmed version.
 It is one of the most popular and recognizable songs in the musical, and Robert Preston's performance in the film is admired.
 Willson considered eliminating a long piece of dialogue from his draft of "The Music Man" about the serious trouble facing River City parents.
 Willson realized it sounded like a lyric and transformed it into "Ya Got Trouble".
"Double Bubble Trouble" is a song by recording artist M.I.A. from her fourth studio album, "Matangi" (2013).
 It is written by Maya "M.I.A." Arulpragasam, Ruben Fernhout, Jerry Leembruggen, and produced by DJ Punish (Richard Westra).
 The track references Shampoo's 1994 hit song "Trouble", and incorporates such musical styles as reggae, trap and kuduro.
 "Double Bubble Trouble" was released as a promotional single in the Netherlands in 2013 and Sweden, before becoming the fifth and final official single from "Matangi" in 2014.
 The song was performed on "Late Night with Seth Meyers" on 13 May 2014 as well as on the 2014 Matangi Tour.
"Hole in My Pocket" is a song co-written by Boudleaux and Felice Bryant, and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Van Shelton.
 It was released in March 1989 as the third single from his album "Loving Proof".
 The song reached number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and became a number 1 hit in Canada.
 Shelton's version was an updated rendition of the original recording by Grand Ole Opry artist Little Jimmy Dickens, recorded in Nashville on April 16, 1958 with a small group of Nashville session players including guitarists Grady Martin and Harold Bradley.
 Though Dickens was known for his earthy hard country songs, this one was a hard rocker in the Chuck Berry mode.
 While the Dickens version was not a hit, Shelton's recording, despite some modern touches, closely followed the 1958 arrangement.
Now Play It is a UK-based music website that offers music tuition videos by paid download.
 It is the world’s first online music tuition service to offer song lessons taught directly by the original recording artist.
Breach is an EP of 5 songs including three cover songs by Shivaree, released by Zoë Records in 2004.
 "I close my eyes" and "657 bed b" are the original songs while the rest are covers.
 The first two songs were later included in the follow-up full-length album "Who's Got Trouble?
".
 This EP also features a new recording of "Fear is a man's best friend" which Shivaree had already recorded previously and included in their "John, 2/14" maxi single.
"Baby I'm Yours" is a song written by Van McCoy, which was a hit in 1965 for Barbara Lewis, the original recording artist.
 The song was featured in the 1995 film "The Bridges of Madison County" and was included on the soundtrack album.
 It was also featured in the TV movies "The Midnight Hour" (1985) and "An American Crime" (2007).
"If You've Got Trouble" is a song written by Lennon–McCartney and recorded by the Beatles on 18 February 1965 with Ringo Starr singing the lead vocal.
 The song was intended to be Starr's vocal appearance on the "Help!
" album and the "Help!
" film, but the Beatles were not happy with the recording and later chose "Act Naturally" (which is not in the film) instead.
 "If You've Got Trouble" remained unreleased until "Anthology 2" in 1996.
Tiffany Renee Darwish (born October 2, 1971), also known as Tiffany, is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and former teen icon.
 She is most notable for her 1987 cover of "I Think We're Alone Now", a 1967 original recording by Tommy James and the Shondells.
 Released as the second single from her eponymous album, "Tiffany", the song quickly became a teen anthem.
 Thanks to an original mall tour, "The Beautiful You: Celebrating The Good Life Shopping Mall Tour '87", Tiffany found commercial success; both the single and the album peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and "Billboard" 200 charts, respectively.
 The singles "Could've Been" and "I Saw Him Standing There", a cover version of The Beatles' "I Saw Her Standing There", followed soon after, with the former also claiming the number one position on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
"Anyone Who Had a Heart" is a song written by Burt Bacharach (music) and Hal David (lyrics) for Dionne Warwick in 1963.
 In January 1964, Warwick's original recording hit the Top Ten in the United States, Canada, Spain, Netherlands, South Africa, Belgium and Australia.
 In the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and New Zealand, Warwick's recording lost out to a cover version by Cilla Black, who was managed by Brian Epstein, also manager of The Beatles.
 Black's version was a UK number-one hit for three weeks in February/March 1964 and was also the fourth best-selling single of 1964 in the UK, with sales of around 950,000 copies.
"You Got What It Takes" is a 1959 single by Marv Johnson.
 In the US it reached #2 on the Black Singles chart, and #10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 early in 1960.
 In the UK Singles Chart it reached a high of #7.
 The original recording of "You Got What It Takes" was by Bobby Parker on Vee-Jay 279 in 1958.
 Parker claims to have written the song, and his name is on the 1958 recording, but later versions credit Berry Gordy, Gwen Gordy, Billy Davis, and sometimes Marv Johnson.
