Clannad (クラナド , Kuranado ) is a Japanese visual novel developed by Key and released on April 28, 2004 for Windows PCs.
 While both of Key's first two previous works, "Kanon" and "Air", had been released first as adult games and then censored for the younger market, "Clannad" was released with a rating for all ages.
 It was later ported to the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita consoles.
 An English version for Windows was released on Steam by Sekai Project in 2015.
 The story follows the life of Tomoya Okazaki, a high school delinquent who meets many people in his last year at school, including five girls, and helps resolve their individual problems.
Pokémon Origins, known in Japan as Pocket Monsters: The Origin (ポケットモンスター THE ORIGIN , Poketto Monsutā Ji Orijin ) , is a Japanese anime television film based on Nintendo's "Pokémon" franchise.
 Unlike the ongoing television series, this special features the settings and characters from the original video games "Pokémon Red" and "Blue", and is largely more faithful to the games' mechanics and designs.
 Like the television series, it was not owned by Media Factory (brand company of Kadokawa Corporation).
 Animation is handled by Production I.G, Xebec, and OLM, Inc., and the film is split into four parts, each directed by a different director from these studios.
 It was broadcast on TV Tokyo on October 2, 2013, ten days before the release of the "X" and "Y" video games, and began streaming internationally on Nintendo's Pokémon TV service from November 15, 2013 to December 2, 2013.
 On September 14, 2016, the first episode of the series was released for free on the official Pokémon YouTube channel.
Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life, originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Diamond & Pearl the Movie: Arceus: To Conquering Space-Time (劇場版ポケットモンスター ダイヤモンド&パール アルセウス 超克の時空へ , Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Daiyamondo ando Pāru: Aruseusu Chōkoku no Jikū e ) , is a 2009 Japanese anime film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama.
 It is the twelfth Pokémon film and the third in the "Diamond & Pearl" trilogy.
 This film so far has earned US$50.2 million in Japan, making it the highest grossing animated film of the year in that country, beating "" and "".
 The English language dub was aired on November 6, 2009, in Australia, November 20, 2009, in the United States in theaters and on Cartoon Network, on May 28, 2010, in the United Kingdom on Disney XD UK and The Spanish language dub was aired on Spain April 4, 2010, on Disney XD and Latin America on November 21, 2010, on Cartoon Network.
 This marks the first time that a Pokémon feature film has made its U.S. debut in the same year as its original Japanese release before the Japanese DVD release on December 18, 2009.
 The theme song of the film is "Kokoro no Antenna" by Shoko Nakagawa.
 Cartoon Network (Pakistan) aired the movie in August 2011.
Giratina (ギラティナ ) , is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak's "Pokémon" franchise.
 Created by Ken Sugimori, Giratina first appeared in the video games "Pokémon Diamond" and "Pearl", but gained prominence in the sister game, "Pokémon Platinum", which it was made the mascot of.
 It later appeared in various merchandise, spinoff titles and animated and printed adaptations of the franchise.
 Giratina is featured prominently in the film " Giratina and the Sky Warrior", and later appears in the film "Arceus and the Jewel of Life".
Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior is the United States title for the 11th Pokémon movie and the second movie in the Diamond & Pearl trilogy, originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Diamond & Pearl the Movie: Giratina and the Bouquet of the (Frozen) Sky: Shaymin (劇場版ポケットモンスター ダイヤモンド&パール ギラティナと氷空（そら）の花束 シェイミ , Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Daiyamondo Pāru Giratina to Sora no Hanataba Sheimi ) .
 Directed by Kunihiko Yuyama and written by Hideki Sonoda, it was released in Japanese theaters on July 19, 2008 and was released in Japan on DVD on December 19, 2008.
 The film premiered on February 13, 2009 in the USA in theaters and on Cartoon Network in 2017 on Nickelodeon and was released on Region 1 DVD on March 31, 2009 and was then premiered on May 23 on Jetix in the UK.
 This was the first film to be distributed by Universal Studios in North America, the first time since "" that a film had been distributed by a Big 6 Studio (Warner Bros.), the first time since "" that a film was from a studio owned by a major media conglomerate (Miramax), and the first anime film that Universal has ever distributed.
 It was later re-released on Region 1 DVD on July 7, 2015 by Viz Media.
 It aired in Pakistan on August 21, 2011 on Cartoon Network Pakistan.
Toys in the Attic (Czech: Na půdě aneb Kdo má dneska narozeniny?
 ; festival title: In the Attic: Who Has a Birthday Today?)
 is a 2009 Czech-French-Japanese-Slovak primarily stop-motion animated fantasy comedy thriller family film directed by Jiří Barta and written by Edgar Dutka and Barta which depicts a community of toys and other objects in an attic who come to life when no human is around.
 It is an international co-production of Czech, Japanese and Slovak companies.
 The film was released first in the Czech Republic on 5 March 2009 and has been shown subtitled at film festivals internationally.
 An American dub – adapted, produced and directed by Vivian Schilling and performed by actors including Forest Whitaker, Joan Cusack, Cary Elwes and Schilling herself – has been recorded, which the film was first shown with on 3 March 2012 at the New York International Children's Film Festival and was released nationally on 24 August 2012 by Hannover House.
Pokémon: Lucario and the Mystery of Mew, originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Advanced Generation the Movie: Mew and the Wave Hero, is a 2005 Japanese animated fantasy film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama and produced by OLM, Inc. It is the eighth installment of the "Pokémon" film series.
 It was released in theaters in Japan on July 16, 2005, followed by the Japanese DVD release on December 22, 2005.
 The English dub was done by 4Kids Entertainment and was first released on DVD in Australia on August 16, 2006, with the US release following on September 19, 2006.
 The English dub of the movie premiered in the US for the first time at the 2006 Comic-Con in San Diego, California.
 The film aired in the United Kingdom in July 2007 on Cartoon Network and it continues to air on CITV.
 This is also the last "Pokémon" film to be dubbed in English by 4Kids Entertainment, who have been dubbing "Pokémon" from the start of the television series in 1998.
 In India it was dubbed in Hindi and aired on 9 July 2017 at hungama TV All future "Pokémon" episodes and films would be dubbed by The Pokémon Company International.
Pokémon: Jirachi Wish Maker, originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Advanced Generation the Movie: The Wishing Star of Seven Nights: Jirachi (Japanese: 劇場版ポケットモンスターアドバンスジェネレーション 七夜の願い星 ジラーチ , Hepburn: Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Adobansu Jenerēshon Nanayo no Negaiboshi Jirāchi ) , is the sixth film associated with the "Pokémon" animated series, and is the first one featuring the characters from "Advanced Generation".
 It was accompanied by the short "Gotta Dance" (おどるポケモンひみつ基地 , Odoru Pokemon Himitsu Kichi , Secret Base of the Dancing Pokémon) .
 It was released in theaters in Japan on July 19, 2003.
 The English adaptation was produced by 4Kids Entertainment and distributed by Miramax Films (a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company), released as direct-to-video on June 1, 2004.
 Although Cartoon Network currently airs the film in the United States, it aired on Toon Disney on March 9, 2007 (due to Miramax being owned by Disney at the time), being the first "Pokémon" film to air on Toon Disney.
Pokémon: The First Movie: Mewtwo Strikes Back, commonly referred to as Pokémon: The First Movie, originally released as Pocket Monsters the Movie: Mewtwo Strikes Back!
 (劇場版ポケットモンスター ミュウツーの逆襲 , Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā: Myūtsū no Gyakushū ) , is a 1998 Japanese anime film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama, the chief director of the "Pokémon" television series.
 It is the first theatrical release in the "Pokémon" franchise.
Pokémon the Movie: I Choose You!
, known in Japan as Pocket Monsters the Movie: I Choose You!
 (劇場版ポケットモンスター キミにきめた！ , Gekijō-ban Poketto Monsutā Kimi ni kimeta! )
 is a Japanese adventure anime film produced by OLM.
 Released as the twentieth "Pokémon" movie and the first film in the "Sun and Moon" series, it acts as a loose retelling of the original "Indigo League" saga of the show, released to commemorate the anime's twentieth anniversary.
 It premiered at Japan Expo in France on July 6, 2017 and was released in Japan on July 15, 2017.
 Fathom Events will release the film as a limited theatrical run in the rest of the world on November 5, 2017.
