Brothers Of A Feather: Live At The Roxy is a live album by Chris and Rich Robinson of The Black Crowes.
 It was released on July 10, 2007, and was later followed by a DVD release with extra tracks in September, 2007.
 The album features two new songs, some old Black Crowes songs, as well as some covers.
 The album is a compilation from several shows at the Roxy Theatre in Los Angeles, California recorded during the 2006 Brothers of a Feather tour.
 The show features an intimate duet performance by the Robinson brothers, with most of the songs featuring only one or two guitars and vocals, with occasional accompaniment from Mona Lisa Young and Charity White, the Black Crowes' backing vocals duo, as well as a guest appearance by Tenor Saxophonist Dave Ellis of The Left Coast Horns.
Warpaint Live is a live album by American southern rock band The Black Crowes, released on April 28, 2009.
 This is the first Black Crowes live album since "" in 2006 and it features live versions of the whole "Warpaint" album.
 Recorded live on March 20, 2008 at The Wiltern in Los Angeles, CA.
 The double CD precedes the release of the live concert DVD later in 2009.
Johnny Colt (born Charles Brandt; May 1, 1966) is an American bass guitar player who formerly played with the southern rock bands Lynyrd Skynyrd and The Black Crowes.
Trigger Hippy is an American rock band composed of Black Crowes drummer Steve Gorman, guitarist Guthrie Trapp, singer Joan Osborne and bassist Nick Govrik.
 Formerly of the group are Widespread Panic guitarist Jimmy Herring, former Black Crowes guitarist Audley Freed, session guitarist Tom Bukovac and singer/songwriter and Black Crowes guitarist Jackie Greene.
Shake Your Money Maker is the debut studio album by American rock band The Black Crowes, released in February 1990 on Def American Recordings.
 It is the only album by the band to feature guitarist Jeff Cease.
 The album is named after a classic blues song written by Elmore James.
 The Black Crowes have played the song live many times over the years, but it is not included on this album.
Chris Robinson Brotherhood is an American blues rock band formed in 2011 by Black Crowes singer Chris Robinson while The Black Crowes were on hiatus.
 The band has released four studio albums: "Big Moon Ritual", "The Magic Door", "Phosphorescent Harvest", and "Any Way You Love, We Know How You Feel".
 The band consists of Robinson, guitarist Neal Casal, keyboardist Adam MacDougall, bassist Jeff Hill (who replaced original bassist Mark Dutton in 2016), and drummer Tony Leone (who replaced original drummer George Sluppick in January 2015).
Wiser for the Time is the fifth live album by American southern rock band The Black Crowes, released on March 18, 2013.
 This marks their return from hiatus and is the first Black Crowes live album since "Warpaint Live" in 2009.
 Recorded during a five-night run in New York City (NYC) in their supporting tour for the 2010 album "Croweology" and released as vinyl or download.
 It includes live recordings (15 acoustic & 11 electric) from the band's 2010 NYC performances and four covers: "Hot Burrito #1" and "Hot Burrito #2" from The Flying Burrito Brothers, Little Feat's "Willin" and Bob Dylan's "Tonight I'll Be Staying Here with You".
Marc Ford (born April 13, 1966), is an American blues-rock guitarist.
 He's a former lead guitarist of the rock and roll jam band The Black Crowes and the leader of his own bands: Burning Tree, Marc Ford & The Neptune Blues Club, Jefferson Steelflex, Fuzz Machine, Marc Ford & The Sinners.
 He is currently performing with other former Black Crowes members in The Magpie Salute.
Live at the Greek: Excess All Areas is a double live album by Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes, released by musicmaker.com on 29 February 2000 and later by TVT Records on 4 July 2000.
 In October 1999, Page teamed up with The Black Crowes for a two-night performance of material from the Led Zeppelin catalogue and old blues and rock standards.
 Due to contractual problems with their record company, The Black Crowes were unable to release any of their own songs which were played at the Greek shows.
 These songs, on which Jimmy Page played with the Crowes, included: "Wiser Time", "No Speak No Slave", "Remedy", and "Hard to Handle".
 The double CD was released in stores by TVT Records on 4 July 2000, and featured a different track running order, an extra song, an enhanced QuickTime video and photographs taken during the concert.
 The Japanese version of the album also features "Misty Mountain Hop" and "In the Light", recorded in 2000.
The Magpie Salute is an American rock band formed in 2016 by former Black Crowes guitarist Rich Robinson.
 The band also includes former Black Crowes members Marc Ford and Sven Pipien as well as Rich Robinson band members Matt Slocum, Joe Magistro, Adrien Reju and Katrine Ottosen.
