The "Gods of the Earth" Tour was a worldwide concert tour by American heavy metal band The Sword.
 The tour, which was in support of the band's second album, "Gods of the Earth", began on March 23, 2008, ended on December 16, 2008 and included eighty-two shows played over six legs.
 During the tour, and continuing after its conclusion, The Sword have been supporting heavy metal veterans Metallica on their European Vacation and World Magnetic tours.
Livin La Vida Loco, a play on the song title "Livin' la Vida Loca" by Ricky Martin, was a concert tour in 1999.
 It was headlined by Coal Chamber, and organized by the band's record label, Roadrunner Records.
 Other bands that were featured included Machine Head, Slipknot, and Amen.
 The tour was formed after Coal Chamber were thrown off a tour with the Insane Clown Posse, and picked up Nadja Peulen as an interim bassist during the tour.
The Livin' La Vida Loca World Tour was the first major world concert tour by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin to support his first English-language album "Ricky Martin".
 The tour started in October 1999 and continued until October 2000.
Ricky Martin Live is the ninth concert tour by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin.
 It supported his compilation album, "".
 The tour started in Newcastle on October 3, 2013 and continued across Australia for three weeks before coming to a close on October 20, 2013 in Melbourne.
The North American Tour was a concert tour by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe.
 The tour originally only had plans to run through Canada and was described as the band's biggest Canadian tour ever (18 shows) as their previous Canadian tours were up to 5 shows.
 The opening act for most of the tour was Big Wreck.
 On May 4, 2013 in Estevan, Saskatchewan, lead guitarist Mick Mars, who already suffers from Ankylosing spondylitis, got knocked down by a fan who was going after lead vocalist Vince Neil, causing the other band members to get upset towards the fan who was tackled to the ground on-stage by security, and even violent in bass guitarist Nikki Sixx's case as he kicked the fan while he was lying on the ground.
 The band left the stage and announced to the audience that it was uncertain if they would return to finish the concert, but a few moments later they did however come back on-stage and play the remaining songs on their setlist.
 Eleven dates in the U.S. were later added to the tour.
Halford is an American heavy metal band formed in 1999 by British singer Rob Halford, who is best known as the lead vocalist for Judas Priest.
 Halford formed the band to return to his heavy metal roots.
 His two previous projects were a "street metal"-style band called Fight and the industrial metal band 2wo.
The Apocryphon Tour was a worldwide concert tour by American heavy metal band The Sword, in promotion of the band's 2012 fourth studio album "Apocryphon".
 Beginning on October 29, 2012 in the United States, it is currently scheduled for nine legs with 163 shows in total, visiting countries in North America, Europe and Australasia.
 The Apocryphon Tour is the band's first full concert tour without original drummer Trivett Wingo, who left early into the Warp Riders Tour, and is also the first with current drummer Santiago "Jimmy" Vela III, who replaced Kevin Fender in October 2011.
One Night Only with Ricky Martin (also known as Una Noche con Ricky Martin) was the worldwide concert tour by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin, in support of his 2005 album "Life".
 The tour visited the Americas, Europe, Asia and Africa.
Slipknot is an American heavy metal band from Des Moines, Iowa, formed in 1995.
 The band's first concert tour was of the United States with the 1999 Ozzfest, a festival founded in 1996 featuring live performances by heavy metal bands.
 After the Livin la Vida Loco tour, the band embarked in November 1999 on its first international circuit, the World Domination Tour.
 After being on the road for a year through North America, Europe, Japan, and Australia, the band briefly attended Tattoo the Earth, during which the band recorded the performance at Dynamo Open Air and later released it as part of the film "10 Years of Life Death Love Hate Pain Scars Victory War Blood and Destruction".
The Música + Alma + Sexo World Tour (also known as the M.A.S. Tour) was the eighth concert tour by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Ricky Martin.
 The tour supported his ninth studio album, "Música + Alma + Sexo" (2011).
 It began with a series of concerts in Puerto Rico and North America, with international dates later in the year.
 The tour was his first in four years, the previous being the 2007 Black and White Tour.
 On the Pollstar Top 50 Worldwide Tours of the first half of 2011, Ricky Martin ranked at number 42.
 His tour grossed $17.7, with 37 shows and 246,141 total tickets.
 After visiting 28 countries throughout North America, Europe and Latin America, Ricky Martin formally ended his tour on November 12, 2011 in his homeland, Puerto Rico, at the Coliseo de Puerto Rico José Miguel Agrelot.
 The tour closed on November 19, 2011 in Santo Domingo.
