Chawinda is a town of the tehsil Pasrur of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
 It is located at 32°23'08.05" N 74°42'43.94" E with an altitude of 165 metres (544 feet).
 It is known as "the Graveyard of Tanks" because of the large number of tanks destroyed in the Battle of Chawinda during the 1965 Indian Pakistan war.
 It is located north of Pasrur and south east of Sialkot.
 It is linked to the cities of Sialkot and Narowal through rail and road connections.
 It is also linked through road to town Zafarwal via village Dugri Harian, Theroo Mandi in the east and Philora, KanaWali, Chobara and Kingra in the north.
 It has two government boys high schools, one girls higher secondary school and a social security welfare school both for girls and boys, one boys degree college, one girls college, a Government Rural Health Center, A private hospital named Ahmad Welfare Hospital and number of private education centers like The Educators, Allied Public school, The Knowledge, three marriage halls Musawar, Ahmed Marriage halls and sethi and the chairman of chawinda city is Ahsan bajwa chawinda
Lake Tohopekaliga Tohopeka ([from tohopke /(i)to-hó:pk-i/ fence, fort]); Tohopekaliga [from tohopke /(i)to-hó:pk-i/ fence, fort + likv /léyk-a/ site], also referred to as Lake Toho, West Lake, or simply Toho, native name meaning "we will gather together here", is the largest lake located in Osceola County, Florida, United States.
 It is the primary inflow of Shingle Creek, which rises in Orlando.
 It covers 22700 acre , and spans 42 mi in circumference.
 It is linked to East Lake Tohopekaliga by Canal 31 (St. Cloud Canal).
 The canal is 3 mi long and runs through western St. Cloud.
 South Port canal is located at the southern tip of the lake and links it to Cypress Lake.
 It is 4 mi long.
 Lake Toho is bordered on the northern shore by Kissimmee, on the eastern shore by Kissimmee Park, and South Port on the southern shore.
 Lake Tohopekaliga is known for its bass fishing and birdwatching.
 Lakefront Park is located at the north end of the lake and borders Lakeshore Blvd.
 Lakefront Park has a scenic walking path with benches where visitors may view the area's wide array of waterfowl, alligators, turtles and others.
 Lakefront park also has a miniature lighthouse, a children's playground area, and is bordered on its west end by Big Toho Marina.
North Temple Bridge/Guadalupe is a light rail and commuter rail station in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States served by the Green Line of Utah Transit Authority's (UTA) TRAX light rail system and by the "FrontRunner", UTA's commuter rail train that operates along the Wasatch Front with service from Pleasant View in northern Weber County through Ogden, Davis County, Salt Lake City, and Salt Lake County to Provo in central Utah County.
 The Green Line provides service from the Salt Lake City International Airport to West Valley City (via Downtown Salt Lake City) and connects with the rest of the TRAX system and UTA's S Line streetcar.
 Although the official name of the station is "North Temple Bridge/Guadalupe", it often referenced by UTA as simply North Temple.
Sleeman is an unincorporated community located in Rainy River District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.
 The town site is located in the center of Dawson.
 The original town site was along the Rainy River some 3 km south but in the early 1900s when the steam ships that traveled from Fort Frances to Rainy River and then to Rat Portage Via Lake of the Woods carrying Logs, Lumber, mail and other supplies stopped probably because the Canadian Northern Railway had finished its bridge and rail line from Winnipeg to International Falls and the docks of the great lakes located in Fort William and Port Arthur now known as Thunder Bay the town moved from the river to the rail line.
 The original store, coffee shop, post office building still stands today and has been renovated into a home.
 The town for many years held many stores, a large hotel, coffee shops, car dealership, school and a busy rail depot that served the Northern communities along Highway 621.
 A restaurant called The Green Onion was the local favourite, it was open 7 days a week and held indoor livery stables below for the travels from Morson who came to town to meet the trains, liquor was served here as well.
 Today there is only one business left, the Canada Postal outlet.
 Lowes Lumber a local business for over 80 years went into bankruptcy and closed its doors in 2014.
 Only about 20 homes remain, even though an official town plan was made to accommodate many more.
 The rail siding was removed in 1993, the last of the CN hotel burned away in the late 1980s and the grocery store was demolished when the natural gas line was installed to serve the larger communities along Highway 11.
Kendal Black Drop was a drug based on opium.
 Named after Kendal in the Lake District, England, it is associated with the romantic poet, Samuel Taylor Coleridge.
The Kendal Mountain Festival is an annual festival held in the town of Kendal, Cumbria on the edge of the English Lake District in the UK.
 It is one of the most diverse festivals of its kind in the world, attracting film premières from around the globe.
 Filmmakers, TV producers, adventurers, top brands, athletes and speakers gather to take part in four days of the films, talks, books and exhibitions covering all aspects of mountain and adventure sports culture.
 It is also the main social event for outdoor enthusiasts in the UK.
 The British Mountaineering Council states that it "is by far the largest and most varied event of its type in Europe and it's the main social event for outdoor enthusiasts in the UK."
The Castle Dairy is a medieval building located in Kendal, Cumbria.
 The name implies a connection to Kendal Castle and it is possibly the town's oldest continuously inhabited structure.
In the United Kingdom, National Rail is the trading name licensed for use by the Rail Delivery Group, an unincorporated association whose membership consists of the passenger train operating companies (TOCs) of the island of Great Britain that run the passenger services previously provided by the British Railways Board, from 1965 using the brand name British Rail.
 Northern Ireland, which is linked to the Republic of Ireland, has a different system.
 National Rail generally does not include services that do not have a BR history; this distinction is important because National Rail services share a ticketing structure and inter-availability that do not necessarily extend to other services.
 The name and the accompanying double arrow symbol are the intellectual property of the Secretary of State for Transport.
Kendal , anciently known as Kirkby in Kendal or Kirkby Kendal, is a market town and civil parish within the South Lakeland District of Cumbria, England.
 Historically in Westmorland, it is situated about 8 mi south-east of Windermere, 19 mi north of Lancaster, 23 mi north-east of Barrow-in-Furness and 38 mi north-west of Skipton.
 The town lies in the valley or "dale" of the River Kent, from which it derives its name, and has a total resident population of 28,586, making it the third largest settlement in Cumbria behind Carlisle and Barrow-in-Furness.
The surname Kendall or Kendal (also spelt Kendell, Kendoll, Kendel, Kendle, Kindell, Kindel, or Kindle) has two widely accepted origins.
 The first is from the market town of Kendal in Cumbria.
 The earliest recorded form of this town's name is in 1095 as "Kircabikendala", literally "Church by Kent dale".
 The second is as an anglicization of Middle Welsh "Kyndelw" (modern Welsh "Cynddelw"), a given name, as in Cynddelw Brydydd Mawr (Kyndelw Brydyt Maur).
