Velvet disease (also called gold-dust, rust and coral disease) is a fish disease caused by dinoflagellate parasites of the genus "Piscinoodinium", specifically "Amyloodinium" in marine fish, and "Oodinium" in freshwater fish.
 The disease gives infected a dusty, brownish-gold color.
 The disease occurs most commonly in tropical fish, and to a lesser extent, marine aquaria.
Kepler-1520 (initially published as KIC 12557548) is a K-type main-sequence star located in the constellation Cygnus.
 The star is particularly important, as measurements taken by the "Kepler" spacecraft indicate that the variations in the star's light curve cover a range from about 0.2% to 1.3% of the star's light being blocked.
 This indicates that there may be a rapidly disintegrating planet, a prediction not yet conclusively confirmed, in orbit around the star, losing mass at a rate of 1 Earth mass every billion years.
 The planet itself is about 0.1 Earth masses, or just twice the mass of Mercury, and is expected to disintegrate in about 100-200 million years.
 The planet orbits its star in just 15.7 hours, at a distance only two stellar diameters away from the star's surface, and has an estimated effective temperature of about 2255 K.
 The orbital period of the planet is one of the shortest ever detected in the history of the extrasolar planet search.
 In 2016, the planet was confirmed as part of a data release by the "Kepler" spacecraft.
Curve fitting is the process of constructing a curve, or mathematical function, that has the best fit to a series of data points, possibly subject to constraints.
 Curve fitting can involve either interpolation, where an exact fit to the data is required, or smoothing, in which a "smooth" function is constructed that approximately fits the data.
 A related topic is regression analysis, which focuses more on questions of statistical inference such as how much uncertainty is present in a curve that is fit to data observed with random errors.
 Fitted curves can be used as an aid for data visualization, to infer values of a function where no data are available, and to summarize the relationships among two or more variables.
 Extrapolation refers to the use of a fitted curve beyond the range of the observed data, and is subject to a degree of uncertainty since it may reflect the method used to construct the curve as much as it reflects the observed data.
Alec Frederick Fraser-Brunner (born 6 April 1906—died 17 Sept 1986) was a British ichthyologist.
 His career included work with the Colonial Office, the Food and Agriculture Organization, and as the curator of the Van Kleef Aquarium in Singapore and the aquarium at Edinburgh Zoo.
 Amongst his written works is "Cussons Book of Tropical Fishes", published as result of Manchester industrialist Alexander Tom Cussons' interest in tropical fish.
 Cussons had a keen interest in orchids.
 The hot-houses in which he grew them proved to be well-suited to tropical fish aquariums.<br>
Tropical fish are generally those fish found in aquatic tropical environments around the world, including both freshwater and saltwater species.
 Fishkeepers often keep tropical fish in freshwater and saltwater aquariums.
Stegastes is a genus of ray-finned fish in the family Pomacentridae.
 Members of this genus are marine coastal fishes except for "S. otophorus", which also occurs in brackish water.
 These fish are known by the names of damselfish, gregory and major.
 They are small tropical fish associated with coral and rocky reefs in the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 They are sometimes found in the aquarium trade where they are an easy-to-keep fish, but they do not mix well with other fish of their own or other species because of their territorial habits and aggressiveness.
The Burmese Border loach, angelicus loach or polka dot loach, "Botia kubotai", is a recently described species that has quickly become a popular tropical fish for freshwater aquariums.
 In 2002, fish collectors working in western Thailand began to expand their search into Myanmar (Burma) area from the Three Pagodas Pass Thai-Myanmar border to look for new fish for the aquarium trade.
 This is one of several species discovered and explains the origin of the fish's common name: Burmese Border Loach.
 Its specific epithet honors Katsuma Kubota of an aquarium export company in Thailand who first purchased the catch and sent them out for identification.
Paul Matte (1854–1922) was a German tropical fish expert, importer, and fish breeder, and was a pioneer in the importing and breeding of the first tropical fish species to reach Europe.
 He lived in Berlin-Lankwitz, Germany.
A fish curve is an ellipse negative pedal curve that is shaped like a fish.
 In a fish curve, the pedal point is at the focus for the special case of the squared eccentricity formula_1.
 The parametric equations for a fish curve correspond to those of the associated ellipse.
Tropical Fish Hobbyist Magazine (abbreviated as "TFH Magazine") is a bi-monthly magazine geared to hobbyist keepers of tropical fish, with news and information on a variety of topics including: Care & Maintenance, Aquascaping, Husbandry, Health and Breeding, Species Reports, Aquarium Technology, Aquarium Science, Exploration & Collecting.
