The 2010 Colorado State Rams football team represented Colorado State University in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 They finished the season with a record of 3–9 (1–7 MWC).
 The team was coached by third year head coach Steve Fairchild and played their home games in Hughes Stadium in Fort Collins, Colorado.
 They played in the Mountain West Conference.
 On August 17, true freshman Pete Thomas was named the starting quarterback, making him the first freshman starter since Caleb Hanie in 2004.
Caleb Kelly (born March 28, 1998) is an American football linebacker.
 He currently attends the University of Oklahoma, where he plays for the Oklahoma Sooners football team.
 As a senior at Clovis West High School in Fresno, California, Kelly won the 2015 Butkus Award given to the best linebacker in high school.
The 2009 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The team was coached by Charlie Weis and played its home games at Notre Dame Stadium in South Bend, Indiana.
 Weis entered his fifth season as head coach with the expectation from the Notre Dame administration that his team would be in position to compete for a BCS Bowl berth.
 Notre Dame started the first part of the season 4-2, with close losses to Michigan and USC but ended the season with four straight losses, including a second loss to Navy loss in three years.
 Weis was fired as head coach the Monday after the Stanford loss at the end of the season.
 Although Notre Dame was bowl eligible with 6 wins, the University announced on December 4 that the Irish had chosen not to play in a bowl game.
 Irish athletic director Jack Swarbrick hired Cincinnati head coach Brian Kelly after a 10-day coaching search.
The 1909 Detroit Titans football team was an American football team that represented the University of Detroit in the 1909 college football season.
 In its second season under head coach George A. Kelly, the team compiled a 3–1–2 record and shut out four opponents, but was outscored by its opponents by a combined total of 35 to 17.
 The team opened the season with a 27–0 loss to Michigan Agricultural (later renamed Michigan State University).
The 1910 Detroit Titans football team was an American football team that represented the University of Detroit in the 1910 college football season.
 In its third season under head coach George A. Kelly, the team compiled a 3–2 record, but was outscored by its opponents by a combined total of 67 to 28.
 The team opened the season with back-to-back losses Michigan Agricultural (35–0) and Olivet College (29–5), and ended the season with three victories over Hillsdale College, Adrian College, and Michigan Normal School.
The Campbell Fighting Camels football program is the intercollegiate American football team for Campbell University located in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
 The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Pioneer Football League, one of two members in North Carolina (the other being Davidson).
 Campbell's first football team was fielded in 2008.
 The team plays its home games at the 5,000 seat Barker–Lane Stadium in Buies Creek, North Carolina.
 The Fighting Camels were coached by Dale Steele from 2008–2012.
 Campbell announced on November 5, 2012 that they would not retain head coach Dale Steele following the conclusion of the 2012 season.
 Steele was the head coach for the Camels for six years compiling a 14–41 record.
 On November 27, 2012, it was announced that Mike Minter, former safety for the National Football League's Carolina Panthers would be the head coach.
The 1985 Washington Huskies football team was an American football team that represented the University of Washington during the 1985 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 In its 11th season under head coach Don James, the team compiled a 7–5 record, and outscored its opponents by a combined total of 238 to 225.
 Joe Kelly was selected for the Guy Flaherty Most Inspirational award.
 Kelly was also selected as the team's most valuable player.
 Kelly, Vestee Jackson, Hugh Millen, and Dennis Soldat were the team captains.
The 2009 Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The team was led by head coach Chip Kelly in his first season as a head coach at the Division I FBS level.
 Kelly was only the third Ducks head coach since 1977 and led the Ducks to a Pac-10 Championship and was named Pac-10 Coach of the Year.
 He took over for Mike Bellotti.
The 2010 Allstate Sugar Bowl was an American college football bowl game that was part of the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) for the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season and was the 76th Sugar Bowl.
 The contest was played on Friday, January 1, 2010, in the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana between the Florida Gators, who lost the 2009 SEC Championship Game and the Cincinnati Bearcats, winners of the Big East Conference.
 The Bearcats were coached by Offensive Coordinator Jeff Quinn on an interim basis after Head Coach Brian Kelly left Cincinnati to take the head coaching position at Notre Dame on December 10, 2009.
 This would be Quinn's only game as head coach for Cincinnati, as he had already accepted the head coaching position of the University of Buffalo's football team effective after the Sugar Bowl.
Kevin Kelly (born c. 1960) is an American football coach, currently the defensive coordinator of the Ball State Cardinals football team.
 He was previously the head coach of the Georgetown Hoyas football team, a special teams coordinator at the United States Naval Academy, and a defensive coordinator at Marshall University.
