College of Information Technology and Engineering (CITE), affiliated to "Purbanchal University"; popularly known as CIT, is established in the year 2000.
 And the first college in Nepal that offering Information Technology (IT) Education.
 CITE is centrally located at Subidhanagar, Tinkune, Kathmandu.
 Currently CITE offers bachelor level education on Information Technology, Engineering and Management.
The Center for Women In Technology (CWIT) was established at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County in July 1998.
 The center's original name was the "Center for Women and Information Technology", and it was founded to encourage women as both developers of information technology and to women's experiences as users of IT.
 The original CWIT site included a large number of resources and links and served as a clearinghouse about women and information technology.
 This work included focusing on K-12 education as well as supporting university students, and work force advancement and retention.
 The center has included engineering majors since 2006, and in 2011 its name was changed to the Center for Women In Technology.
Utpal K. Banerjee is an Indian writer, adviser on management and information technology and a former director of the New Delhi-based "Forum for Information Technology for India".
 After graduating in Pure Physics with honours from Kolkata University in 1955, he studied at the University of Manchester on a Commonwealth scholarship to secure his doctoral degree (PhD) in 1972.
 He worked in various positions in a number of Government of India agencies before holding positions in the corporate sector such as those of the Chief of Management Services at Tata Steel, the director of Computer Division at the Administrative Staff College of India, the senior executive director at Electronics India and the director general of the All India Management Association.
 He has served Jawaharlal Nehru University, International Management Institute, New Delhi, Fore School of Management, and the Management Development Institute as a visiting faculty of management studies.
 He has published several books on Management, Information Technology, and Indian culture, including "Luminous Harmony: Indian Art and Culture", "Millennium Glimpses of Indian Performing Arts", "Indian Puppets", and "Information Technology for Common Man".
 The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2009, for his contributions to Literature and Education.
John F. "Jack" Jones, Jr., Ph.D., serves as Chief Information Officer (CIO) of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), an agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
 The NIH CIO advises the NIH Director on strategic directions and management of information technology programs and policy.
 Dr. Jones also serves as the Director (Acting) of the Center for Information Technology (CIT), at the NIH.
Illinois Institute of Technology, commonly called Illinois Tech or IIT, is a private Ph.D.-granting research university located in Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois, with programs in engineering, science, psychology, architecture, business, communications, industrial technology, information technology, design and law.
 It traces its history to several 19th century engineering and professional education institutions in the United States.
Jean-Paul Van Belle is a professor of information technology and director at the Centre for Information Technology and National Development in Africa at the University of Cape Town.
 He was head of the department of Information Technology at the University of Cape Town from 2008 to 2011.
The Journal of Information Technology & Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 2004 by Haworth Press as the "Journal of E-Government".
 It obtained its current name in 2007 when the journal switched to Routledge.
 It is an official journal of the section on Information Technology & Politics of the American Political Science Association.
 The editor-in-chief is Stuart W. Shulman (University of Massachusetts Amherst).
 The journal covers research on the interaction of information technology with political and governmental processes.
 It is abstracted and indexed by Scopus.
Victor Koman (born 1954) is an American science fiction and fantasy writer and agorist.
 A three time winner of the Prometheus Award, Koman is mainly popular in the libertarian community.
 He is the owner of the publishing house KoPubCo.
 His Ph.D. in Information Technology was conferred by Capella University in 2016.
 He also possesses a BSIS (with honors, "summa cum laude") from University of Redlands (2001) and an MBA from Pepperdine University (2004).
Indian Institute of Information Technology, Pune (abbreviated IIITP), is one of the Indian Institutes of Information Technology, a group of institutes of higher education in India focused on information technology.
 The IIITP is located in Pune, Maharashtra, and will start functioning in July 2016 at a temporary campus at the Siddhant College of Engineering, Sudumbare, Pune.
 For the academic year 2016-2017, it offers two courses in Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) they are, Electronics & Communication Engineering (ECE) and Computer Science & Engineering (CSE).
 It is being mentored by College of Engineering, Pune (COEP).
Dr. Brent Robinson (1951–1996, born Charles Brent Robinson) was university lecturer at the University of Cambridge and author.
 He was a Fellow of Hughes Hall, Cambridge, and wrote books such as "Microcomputers and the Language of Arts" (English, Language and Education), and works relating to information technology use by teachers.
 He created the Journal of Information Technology For Teacher Education, in which he was also a researcher.
 His major interests were in teacher education, and he was formerly Vice President of the "Society for Information Technology and Teacher Education".
