John Quinlan Terry CBE (born 24 July 1937 in Hampstead, London, England) is a British architect.
 He was educated at Bryanston School and the Architectural Association.
 He was a pupil of architect Raymond Erith, with whom he formed the partnership "Erith & Terry".
John Pearce (born 23 November 1987, Poole) is a British handball player.
 At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.
 He was educated at Dumpton School, Wimbourne where he went on to Bryanston School in Dorset.
Emilia Rose Elizabeth Fox (born 31 July 1974) is an English actress, known for her role as Dr. Nikki Alexander on BBC crime drama "Silent Witness", having joined the cast in 2004 following the departure of Amanda Burton.
 Fox is now the longest serving cast member since the departures of Tom Ward in 2012 and William Gaminara in 2013.
 She also appeared as Morgause in the BBC’s "Merlin" beginning in the programme's second series.
 She was educated at Bryanston School in Blandford, Dorset.
Blandford St Mary is a village and civil parish in the North Dorset district of Dorset, England.
 The village is on the south bank of the River Stour, immediately opposite the larger town of Blandford Forum.
 The village grew up around the Badger Brewery, owned by Hall and Woodhouse, which is based there.
 At the 2001 census it had a population of 1,233.
 The appropriate electoral ward is called 'Portman' with naturally the most populous area being south of the river.
 The ward includes Bryanston School and also runs south west almost to Thornicombe.
 The total ward population at the abovementioned census was 2,436.
Blandford United Football Club is a football club based in Blandford Forum, Dorset, England.
 The club was a founding member of the Dorset Combination in 1957.
 The club is affiliated to the Dorset County Football Association and is a FA chartered Standard club.
 They are currently members of the Dorset Premier League .
 They play their games at Blandford Recreation Ground.
Dorset Opera Festival is an annual country house opera festival combining amateur and professional performers, which takes place at Bryanston near Blandford Forum in Dorset, England.
Jeffrey Graham Jeffreys (1893–1977) was an Australian schoolteacher who moved to England and founded Bryanston School in Dorset.
Bryanston School is a co-educational independent school for both day and boarding pupils, located next to the village of Bryanston, and near the town of Blandford Forum, in Dorset in South West England.
 It was founded in 1928.
 It occupies a palatial country house designed and built in 1889–94 by Richard Norman Shaw, the champion of a renewed academic tradition, for Viscount Portman, the owner of large tracts in the West End of London, in the early version of neo-Georgian style that Sir Edwin Lutyens called "Wrenaissance", to replace an earlier house, and is set in 400 acres .
Bryanston is a village and civil parish in north Dorset, England, situated on the River Stour 1 mi west of Blandford Forum.
 In the 2011 census the parish had a population of 925.
 The village is adjacent to the grounds of Bryanston School, an independent school.
The Coade Hall is a brick-built theatre and concert hall at Bryanston School, near Blandford Forum in Dorset, England.
 It was opened on 27 May 1966 by the Duke of Edinburgh On the opening night, there was a concert with music by Brahms, Britten, and Mozart.
