A comic book convention or comic con is an event with a primary focus on comic books and comic book culture, in which comic book fans gather to meet creators, experts, and each other.
 Commonly, comic conventions are multi-day events hosted at convention centers, hotels, or college campuses.
 They feature a wide variety of activities and panels, with a larger number of attendees participating in cosplay than most other types of fan conventions. Comic book conventions are also used as a vehicle for industry, in which publishers, distributors, and retailers represent their comic-related releases.
 Comic book conventions may be considered derivatives of science-fiction conventions, which began in the late 1930s.
A comic book or comicbook, also called comic magazine or simply comic, is a publication that consists of comic art in the form of sequential juxtaposed panels that represent individual scenes.
 Panels are often accompanied by brief descriptive prose and written narrative, usually dialog contained in word balloons emblematic of the comics art form.
 Although comics has some origins in 18th century Japan and 1830s Europe, comic books were first popularized in the United States during the 1930s.
 The first modern comic book, "Famous Funnies", was released in the United States in 1933 and was a reprinting of earlier newspaper humor comic strips, which had established many of the story-telling devices used in comics.
 The term "comic book" derives from American comic books once being a compilation of comic strips of a humorous tone; however, this practice was replaced by featuring stories of all genres, usually not humorous in tone.
Crossed is a comic book written by Garth Ennis and drawn by Jacen Burrows for the first ten issues, and published by Avatar Press.
 Following volumes "Crossed: Family Values", "Crossed 3D", and "Crossed: Psychopath" were written by David Lapham.
 A new series, "Crossed: Badlands" is written and drawn by rotating creative teams.
 The franchise has also spawned two webcomics: "Crossed: Wish You Were Here", which ran from 2012–2014, and "Crossed: Dead or Alive", which began syndication in November 2014.
Star Crossed, is a three-issue comic book mini-series published in 1997 under the short-lived DC Comics imprint, Helix.
 Written and illustrated by Matt Howarth, "Star Crossed" recounts the surrealist tale of a deep-space romance between a genetically engineered über-woman and a sentient asteroid.
 Consistent with the performance of other Helix titles, "Star Crossed" failed to appeal to a broad readership and the poor sales figures which accompanied its publication coincided with a general downturn in the American comic book industry.
Nunzio DeFilippis is an American writer of comic books and television.
 He writes with his wife, Christina Weir, whom he met while they were both students at Vassar College.
 The two have written for two seasons on HBO's "Arli$$", and have sold story ideas to the Disney Channel's "Kim Possible".
 In comics, they have written several graphic novels and miniseries for independent publisher Oni Press, including "Skinwalker, Three Strikes, Maria's Wedding, The Tomb, Once In A Blue Moon" the Amy Devlin Mysteries, Frenemy Of The State (written with Rashida Jones), and Bad Medicine.
 Their work at Oni led to work at Marvel Comics, relaunching the teen mutant book "New Mutants".
 This book was renamed "".
 Their run on these books spanned three years and created almost two dozen new super-powered mutant characters for Marvel's X-Men franchise, including Surge, Hellion, Wind Dancer, Prodigy, Wallflower, Elixir, Tag, Rockslide, Mercury, Anole, and Wither.
 They have also written for DC Comics, with stories appearing in "Wonder Woman, Adventures of Superman" and "Batman Confidential" and Dark Horse with "Dragon Age: Knight Errant."
 The duo also work in the expanding field of Japanese manga, providing English adaptations for the Del Rey titles "Guru-Guru Pon-Chan, Sugar Sugar Rune" and "Kagetora".
 They also write original English language manga for Seven Seas Entertainment, writing one of the company's launch titles, "Amazing Agent Luna" and the pirate manga, "Destiny's Hand".
 DeFilippis also wrote, without his wife, an issue of DC Comics' "Detective Comics".
 He taught comic writing at UCLA Extension before teaching screenwriting and comic book writing at the Los Angeles branch of the New York Film Academy, where he is now Chair of the Screenwriting Department and Dean of Faculty.
Will Jacobs (born 1955) is an American comics and humor writer.
 He was a coauthor with Gerard Jones on "The Beaver Papers", "The Comic Book Heroes", and the comic book "The Trouble with Girls" (1987–1993).
 He was a contributor to "National Lampoon magazine" and various DC Comics.
 Jacobs left professional writing in the 1990s to start a used and antiquarian book service, Avalon Books.
 He co-wrote with Jones "The Comic Book Heroes", a book dedicated to the history of the American comic book industry from the Silver Age to the present.
Metropolis Collectibles is a famous rare comic book dealer of vintage American comics, primarily known for its large collection of comic books originally published in the 1930s, 1940s, 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
 Metropolis was founded in 1984 by Stephen Fishler, and merged companies in 1999 with Vincent Zurzolo, Jr., of Vincent's Collectibles.; Zurzolo said that as he found he could not compete with Fishler's business, merging the two made sense.
 The company is located on Broadway in New York City, and the comic book showroom allows viewings by appointment only.
 Over the years, Metropolis Collectibles has grown from being a comic-book mail-order company to maintaining a major online retail presence.
 In addition to being comic book buyers and comic book sellers, Metropolis also gives comic book appraisals and provides comic book valuation services of rare, old out-of-print comics.
 Metropolis Collectibles has obtained a variety of notable classic comic book collections over the years, or "pedigrees", including the Crowley Collection, the Allentown Pedigree, the D-Copy Collection, and the Northford Collection.
 In August 2014, the company was able to purchase a near-mint copy of "Action Comics #1" (CGC 9.0) for $3.2 million in an auction on eBay.
A comics artist (also comic book artist or graphic novel artist, comic book producer, comic book illustrator, comic book writer, and comic book author) is a person working within the comics medium on comic strips, comic books, or graphic novels.
 The term may refer to any number of artists who contribute to produce a work in the comics form, from those who oversee all aspects of the work to those who contribute only a part.
Glenn Greenberg (b. in New York City) is an American comic book and fiction writer.
 At the beginning of his career, he became a regular Marvel Comics writer, penning stories for "The Spectacular Spider-Man", "The Rampaging Hulk", "The Silver Surfer", and "Dracula".
 He has also written articles for comic book magazines such as "Back Issue!
".
Lucas "Snapper" Carr is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
 The character, whose fictional nickname is almost always used by other characters in favor of his given name, was created by Gardner Fox (writer) and Mike Sekowsky (penciller), and made his first appearance in "The Brave and the Bold" in February 1960.
 From 1960 to 1969, Snapper Carr appeared as a supporting character to the Justice League of America, a superhero team.
 The character occasionally appeared in comics featuring the Justice League from 1969 to 1989, when the "Invasion!
" limited-series comic book gave him superpowers.
 He was associated with a new superhero team, The Blasters, in various comics until 1993, when he lost his powers and became a main character in the "Hourman" comic book.
 After the cancellation of "Hourman" in April 2001, he became a main character in the "Young Justice" comic book beginning in December 2001.
 "Young Justice" was cancelled in May 2003, and he became associated with the governmental organization Checkmate, a role revealed when the character played a small but important role in the 2007-2008 limited series comic book "52 Aftermath: The Four Horsemen".
 The character made major appearances in "Final Crisis: Resist" in December 2008 and "Justice League of America 80-Page Giant" in November 2009.
