Halloween Baking Championship is an American cooking competition television series that premiered on Food Network on October 5, 2015.
 The first season of the series was presented by chef Richard Blais; with fellow chefs Carla Hall, Ron Ben-Israel and Sherry Yard serving as judges.
 The second season of the series premiered on October 3, 2016; with Hall being the only chef returning.
 She was joined by chefs Sandra Lee and Damiano Carrara as judges; and the season was presented by comedian Jeff Dunham.
The first season of the American cooking competition television series Halloween Baking Championship premiered October 5, 2015 on Food Network.
 The season was presented by chef Richard Blais; with fellow Food Network chefs Carla Hall, Ron Ben-Israel and Sherry Yard serving as judges.
The third season of the American cooking competition television series Spring Baking Championship premiered March 12, 2017 on Food Network.
 The season was hosted by former footballer Jesse Palmer; replacing chef Bobby Deen, who left the series for undisclosed reasons.
 Chefs Nancy Fuller, Duff Goldman and Lorraine Pascale returned to the series as judges.
Kids Halloween Baking Championship is an American cooking competition television special that aired on Food Network on October 5, 2016.
 Food Network chef Duff Goldman and actress Alison Sweeney served at the competition as judges.
 The contestants were four child bakers who had previously competed on "Kids Baking Championship".
The second season of the American cooking competition television series Halloween Baking Championship premiered October 3, 2016 on Food Network.
 Carla Hall was the only chef to return from the first season; she was joined by fellow chefs Damiano Carrara and Sandra Lee as judges.
 The season was presented by comedian Jeff Dunham; and it consisted of five episodes, instead of four episodes as in the previous season.
Nancy Fuller (also known as Nancy Fuller Ginsberg or Nancy Ginsberg; born March 27, 1949) is an American chef and businesswoman from Claverack, New York.
 She is the co-owner of Ginsberg's Foods, and she is the host of the Food Network television series "Farmhouse Rules ."
 She also serves as a judge on the Food Network cooking competition series "Clash of the Grandmas", "Holiday Baking Championship" and "Spring Baking Championship".
The first season of the American cooking competition television series Spring Baking Championship premiered April 26, 2015, on Food Network.
 It was presented by chef Bobby Deen with fellow Food Network chefs Nancy Fuller, Duff Goldman and Lorraine Pascale serving as judges. All four chefs also appeared in the same roles on "Holiday Baking Championship".
The second season of the American cooking competition television series Spring Baking Championship premiered April 10, 2016 on Food Network.
 Chef Bobby Deen returned to the series as host; with chefs Nancy Fuller, Duff Goldman and Lorraine Pascale also returning as judges.
Jason Smith is an American cook who came to prominence as the winner of the thirteenth season of the Food Network television series "Food Network Star".
 He had previously won the third season of "Holiday Baking Championship".
Spring Baking Championship is an American cooking competition television series that airs on Food Network.
 It was originally presented by chef Bobby Deen; with fellow Food Network chefs Nancy Fuller, Duff Goldman and Lorraine Pascale serving as judges. All four chefs also appeared in the same roles on "Holiday Baking Championship"; and similar to that competition, the grand prize for the winner of this competition is also $50,000.
