Herbert Büchs (20 November 1913 – 19 May 1996) was a Lieutenant General of the German Air Force and a former Luftwaffe staff officer in Nazi Germany's Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (OKW) during World War II.
 As second adjutant to General Alfred Jodl with the rank of Major he is notable for being present in the conference room when the 20 July plot bomb exploded in 1944.
Alfred Josef Ferdinand Jodl (   ; 10 May 1890 – 16 October 1946) was a German general and war criminal during World War II, who served as the Chief of the Operations Staff of the Armed Forces High Command (Oberkommando der Wehrmacht).
Alfred C. Ulmer, Jr. was born in Jacksonville, Florida in August 1916.
 He was of Swiss extraction on his father's side, his father having been born in Zurich.
 Ulmer graduated from Princeton University in 1939 and joined the United States Navy prior to the start of World War II, ultimately becoming a major head of intelligence operations during World War II.
 He married Doris Gibson Bridges and had three sons (Alfred III, James and Nicolas) and a daughter (Marguerite).
 He received the Intelligence Medal of Merit when he retired from his position in 1962.
 Ulmer then went on to business and in the 1980s joined the Swiss banking firm Lombard Odier et Cie. in Geneva, later setting up Lombard Odier's operations in Bermuda.
 He died on June 22, 2000 in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Ferdinand Alfred Friedrich Jodl (28 November 1896 – 9 June 1956) was a German general during World War II who commanded the Mountain Corps Norway during the Petsamo–Kirkenes Offensive.
 He was the brother of Alfred Jodl, Chief of the Operations Staff of the OKW.
 Ferdinand Jodl was acquitted by a German court.
Friedrich Jeckeln (2 February 1895 – 3 February 1946) was a high-ranking official in the SS of Nazi Germany who served as an SS and Police Leader in the occupied Soviet Union during World War II.
 Jeckeln was the commander of one of the largest collection of "Einsatzgruppen" and was personally responsible for ordering and organizing the deaths of over 100,000 Jews, Slavs, Romani, and other "undesirables".
 After the end of World War II, Jeckeln was convicted for his crimes by a Soviet military tribunal in Riga, Latvia and executed in 1946.
Karl Friedrich Alfred Heinrich Ferdinand Maria Graf Eckbrecht von Dürckheim-Montmartin (24 October 1896 – 28 December 1988) was a German diplomat, psychotherapist and Zen Master.
 A veteran of World War I, he was introduced to Zen Buddhism early in life.
 After obtaining a doctorate in psychology, he became an avid supporter of the Nazi Party.
 Following World War II he was imprisoned in Japan which transformed him spiritually.
 Upon returning to Germany he became a leading proponent of the Western esoteric spiritual tradition, synthesizing teachings from Christian Mysticism, Depth Psychology and Zen Buddhism.
Ralph Pittman Cousins was an officer in the U.S. Army from 1915 to 1946.
 Born in Mexia, Texas in 1891, he graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1915.
 He served in the Cavalry before transferring to the Air Corps.
 He served in a variety of command position in the newly created air service of the U.S. Army and was instrumental in designing the model for what would become the commercial aviation system.
 His highest grade was a major general.
 Schools under his command trained many of the aircrews who served in all theaters of World War II.
 After retiring from the Army, he became a businessman.
 Cousins died in 1964.
 He was memorialized as an air pioneer who helped bring American air power from it beginnings to its power in World War II.
Dimitrije "Mita" Đorđević (Serbian: Димитрије Ђорђевић ; 27 February 1922 – 5 March 2009) was a widely published historian of Modern European history, especially of the Balkans.
 Đorđević was born in Belgrade to a prominent Serbian family.
 When he was a law student, the Germans invaded Yugoslavia during World War II and he joined the resistance movement of Dragoljub Mihailovic.
 Đorđević was captured by the Germans and was imprisoned, ultimately in Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp in Austria.
 He survived the war, but was in turn imprisoned by the communist regime in post World War II Yugoslavia.
 After he was pardoned and released, Đorđević was eventually allowed to commence study at the University of Belgrade, where he was a student of Vaso Čubrilović (one of the members of the Young Bosnia who conspired to assassinate Franz Ferdinand which led to the outbreak of World War I).
 Đorđević was awarded his doctorate in 1962.
 In 1970, Đorđević took up a position as a Full Professor of History at the University of California, Santa Barbara, joining a strong faculty in European History including Joachim Remak, Leonard Marsak, and C. Warren Hollister.
 He was elected a member of the Serbian Academy of Science and Arts in 1985.
 A popular undergraduate lecturer and graduate mentor at the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 1992 many of his former students contributed to his "Festschrift" entitled "Scholar, Patriot, Mentor: Historical Essays in Honor of Dimitrije Djordjevic".
 In retirement, Đorđević published his autobiography, "Scars and Memory: Four Lives in One Lifetime", describing his World War II and post World War II experiences.
 Professor Đorđević died in Santa Barbara on March 5, 2009.
Count "Luitpold" Alfred Friedrich Karl of Castell-Castell (German: "Luitpold Alfred Friedrich Karl Graf zu Castell-Castell" ) (born 14 November 1904 in Langenzell, Wiesenbach, Grand Duchy of Baden; died 6 or 8 November 1941 in Bankya near Sofia, Kingdom of Bulgaria) was a staff officer in the German Army during World War II and a member of the extended Danish Royal Family through his marriage to Princess Alexandrine-Louise of Denmark.
 Luitpold was a Count of Castell-Castell and a member of the Countly House of Castell-Castell.
Hasso von Wedel (20 November 1898 – 3 January 1961) was a German general who commanded the Wehrmacht Propaganda Troops during World War II.
 He was directly subordinate to the head of OKW Operations Staff ("Wehrmachtführungsstab, WFSt.")
, General Alfred Jodl.
 Wedel's Propaganda Department had control over the propaganda units and served to mediate between them and the Reich Propaganda Ministry of Joseph Goebbels.
