The Twin EP is Boy George’s fourth EP, promoted in late 2003 and early 2004, under the same pseudonym of The Twin.
 The project includes vocalist and DJ Boy George and dance producer Kinky Roland, who helped George write and produce many of his most recent tracks, either as a solo singer for his albums, and as an independent DJ for his numerous mix compilations.
Kyosuke Himuro (氷室 京介 , Himuro Kyōsuke , born October 7, 1960 in Takasaki, Gunma, Japan) is a Japanese singer-songwriter and musician.
 He was a lead vocalist of the rock band Boøwy from 1981 to 1988.
 After the group disbanded he started a successful solo career, becoming one of Japan's best-selling artists.
 In 2003, HMV Japan ranked Himuro at number 76 on their list of the 100 most important Japanese pop acts.
 He currently lives in Los Angeles, California, where he purchased a palatial residence in Beverly Hills in 2004, which was previously owned by Shaquille O'Neal.
Saeko Himuro (氷室 冴子 , Himuro Saeko , January 11, 1957 – June 6, 2008) was a Japanese novelist, essayist, and playwright born in Iwamizawa, Hokkaidō Prefecture, Japan.
 During the 1980s and 1990s, she was one of the most popular authors released under Shueisha's Cobalt Bunko imprint.
 She is best known outside Japan for "I Can Hear the Sea", later a Studio Ghibli movie.
 The cause of her death was determined as lung cancer.
Higher Self is the third album by Japanese singer Kyosuke Himuro.
Boøwy (pronounced: bóui, stylized as BOØWY) was a Japanese rock band formed in Takasaki, Gunma in 1981.
 The best-known lineup of Kyosuke Himuro (vocals), Tomoyasu Hotei (guitar), Tsunematsu Matsui (bass) and Makoto Takahashi (drums) reached legendary status in Japan during the 1980s.
Masakazu Mori (Japanese: 森 正和 ) , better known by his stage name , is a Japanese lyricist, composer and poet.
 He has written over 2,000 songs for numerous artists such as Kyosuke Himuro, Takuro Yoshida and Junichi Inagaki and theme songs for anime series including "Dragon Ball Z".
 His younger brother is Hideharu Mori, keyboardist of the rock band Picasso.
Neo Fascio is the second album by Japanese singer Kyosuke Himuro.
This Is What I Do is a 2013 album by Boy George, produced by Richie Stevens.
 With this release, it was the first time since the mid-1990s that a sober George had taken the time to complete a full-length album.
 It gained positive reviews, with "The Guardian" calling it "the best comeback of the year".
 It was Boy George's first solo album to reach the UK Top 40 since his 1987 debut "Sold".
Worried About the Boy is a 2010 television drama film centred on the life of Boy George.
 It starred Douglas Booth as Boy George and Mathew Horne as lover Jon Moss.
 It was shown on BBC2 in 2010 as part of 1980s season.
 It is directed by Julian Jarrold and written by Tony Basgallop.
Flowers for Algernon is the first solo album by Japanese singer Kyosuke Himuro.
 Japanese rock group Boøwy, to which he once belonged, disbanded and this album was released as his solo debut five months later.
