The Murray Premises is a National Historic Site of Canada located in downtown St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
 The Murray Premises was renovated in 1979 and now contains office suites, restaurants, retail stores and, most recently, a boutique hotel.
 The buildings once served as a fishery premises, with facilities for drying and packaging fish and warehouses for fish, barrels and other items.
 The oldest of the buildings is the one facing on Beck’s Cove.
 It was built after the 1846 fire and for a time served as both shop and house.
Red Planet Hotels is a privately owned regional hotel company founded in 2010 that focuses on Asia’s expanding value hotel sector.
 The company owns and operates 25 hotels in Indonesia, Japan, the Philippines, and Thailand with a total of 3,970 rooms.
Istad AS is a power company based in the town of Molde in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
 The company owns the power grid in the municipalities of Aukra, Eide, Fræna, Gjemnes, Midsund, and Molde.
 It also operates a fiberoptic broadband in Molde.
 The company owns a 25% stake in the power plants on the river Driva.
Salem Media Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: SALM; formerly Salem Communications Corporation) is an American radio broadcaster, Internet content provider, and magazine and book publisher based in Camarillo, California, targeting audiences interested in Christian and what it describes as "family-themed content and conservative values."
 In addition to its radio properties, the company owns Salem Radio Network, which syndicates talk, news and music programing to approximately 2,400 affiliates; Salem Media Representatives, a radio advertising company; Salem Web Network, an Internet provider of Christian content and online streaming with over 100 Christian content and conservative opinion websites; and Salem Publishing, a publisher of Christian themed magazines.
 Salem owns 117 radio stations in 38 markets, including 60 stations in the top 25 markets and 29 in the top 10, tied with CBS Radio for fifth-largest radio broadcaster.
 FamilyTalk is a Christian-themed talk format on Sirius XM Radio Channel 131.
 Additionally, Salem owns conservative websites Townhall.com, RedState, and Hot Air, as well as Twitter aggregator Twitchy.
Thompson Creek Metals Company Inc. is a full cycle mining company with acquisition, exploration, development, and operation in North America.
</small> The corporate office is located in Denver, Colorado.
 The company primarily produces copper, gold, and molybdenum.
</small> In the past several years, the Company has evolved from being a major primary molybdenum producer to becoming a copper and gold mining company with the construction and development of the Mount Milligan (open-pit copper-gold) mine and concentrator in British Columbia, Canada.
 Mount Milligan is Thompson Creek Metals principal operation and the company owns 100% of this property.
</small> The company also owns 100% of its Thompson Creek Mine (open-pit molybdenum and concentrator) in Idaho.
 Thompson Creek Metals owns 75% joint venture interest in two other properties, including its Endako Mine (open-pit molybdenum, concentrator and roaster) in British Columbia, and its Langeloth Metallurgical Facility (roaster) in Pennsylvania.
</small> Thompson Creek Metals has additional development projects, including the Berg property in British Columbia (exploration of copper, molybdenum, and silver).
</small> </small>
J D Wetherspoon plc, branded as Wetherspoon's, is a pub company in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland.
 Founded in 1979 by Tim Martin, the company owns just under 1,000 outlets, including the chain of Lloyds No.1 bars and the chain of Wetherspoon hotels.
 With its headquarters in Watford, Wetherspoons is known for converting unconventional premises into pubs.
 The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Choice Hotels International, Inc. is a hospitality holding corporation based in Rockville, Maryland, in the United States.
 The company owns the hotel and motel brands Comfort Inn, Comfort Suites, Quality Inn, Sleep Inn, Clarion, Cambria Hotel & Suites, Mainstay Suites, Suburban Extended Stay, Econo Lodge, Rodeway Inn, and Ascend Hotel Collection.
 The company manages 6,379 properties worldwide.
 There were 505,278 rooms, with approximately $45.80 in revenue per room, totaling $758 million in revenue as of April 2016.
DC Thomson is a British publishing and television production company best known for producing "The Dundee Courier", "The Evening Telegraph", "The Sunday Post", "Oor Wullie", "The Broons", "The Beano", "The Dandy", and "Commando" comics.
 It also owns Parragon and the Aberdeen Journals Group which publishes the "Press and Journal".
 It was a significant shareholder in the former ITV company Southern Television.
 Through its subsidiary DC Thomson Family History the company owns several websites including Friends Reunited and Findmypast.
 Based in Dundee, Scotland, the company also owns children books publisher Parragon.
Comcast Sports Ventures, doing business as Comcast Spectacor, is a Philadelphia-based American sports and entertainment company.
 It owns the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League, the upcoming Portland ECHL team of the ECHL, the upcoming Philadelphia team of the National Lacrosse League, and formerly owned the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association.
 The company owns and manages the Wells Fargo Center and formerly managed the Spectrum in South Philadelphia (before that arena was demolished), plus several community skating rinks in the Philadelphia region known as Flyers Skate Zone.
 The Comcast SportsNet (CSN) regional sports networks were also owned by Comcast Spectacor prior to parent company Comcast's acquisition of a majority stake in NBCUniversal in January 2011; CSN is now operated through NBC Sports.
The Sunfeast Open was an annual WTA Tour tennis tournament that was started in Kolkata in 2005.
 The event was a Tier III-tournament with a prize money of USD 175,000 and was played on indoors greenset.
 The fourth edition of the  WTA Sunfeast Open, slated to be held in Kolkata from October 6–12, 2008, was shifted to Mumbai as the dates clash with the Durga Puja.
 The 2008 tournament in Mumbai, was to be held outdoors in the premises of Cricket Club of India, unlike the previous three editions.
 ITC, an Indian conglomerate based out of Kolkata was the primary sponsor of the event.
 The company owns the Sunfeast brand of biscuits.
