Rock Star Supernova was a reality television-formed supergroup consisting of drummer Tommy Lee (Mötley Crüe), bassist Jason Newsted (ex-Metallica), guitarist Gilby Clarke (ex-Guns N' Roses) and singer Lukas Rossi.
 The band was formed during the second season of the Rock Star Reality TV series which was called .
"Headspin" is a song by unsigned Canadian band Rise Electric, which is fronted by "" winner Lukas Rossi.
 The song was released on Rock Star Supernova's self-titled debut album.
 It was released as the third single from the album in early 2007.
 Rossi performed "Headspin" three times while on "Rock Star: Supernova".
 Following the Rock Star Supernova tour Luke Rossi released an acoustic version of the song which is featured on his album "Love & Lust".
Rock Star is a television series produced by Mark Burnett, David Goffin, and Lisa Hennessy in which aspiring singers from all around the world competed to become the lead singer of a featured group.
 It debuted on CBS on July 11, 2005, to mediocre ratings.
 The show was hosted by television personality and commercial spokeswoman Brooke Burke and Jane's Addiction & Red Hot Chili Peppers lead guitarist Dave Navarro.
 In Australian band INXS chose J.D. Fortune as their new lead singer.
 For , the band Rock Star Supernova chose Lukas Rossi as the lead singer of their new supergroup.
Chicago 13 is the eleventh studio album by the American band Chicago, released in 1979.
 The follow-up to "Hot Streets", "Chicago 13" is often critically disfavored.
 This would be the band's final release that features lead guitarist Donnie Dacus, who had followed late, founding lead guitarist, Terry Kath.
 All band members would contribute to the songwriting (one of only two albums where this is the case, with the other being "Chicago VII").
"25 or 6 to 4" is a song written by the American musician Robert Lamm, one of the founding members of the rock/jazz fusion band Chicago.
 It was recorded in 1969 for their second album, "Chicago", with Peter Cetera on lead vocals.
 The album was released in January 1970 and the song was edited and released as a single in June of that same year, climbing to number four on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number seven on the UK Singles Chart.
 It was the band's first song to reach the top five in the U.S.
 This recording features an electric guitar solo using a wah-wah pedal by Chicago guitarist Terry Kath, and a lead vocal line in Aeolian mode.
 It has been included in numerous Chicago compilation albums.
"Colour My World" is a song written by American musician James Pankow, one of the founding members of the rock/jazz fusion band Chicago.
 Part of Pankow's "Ballet for a Girl in Buchannon" song cycle/suite, it was recorded for their second album "Chicago", also called "Chicago II" (1970).
 Terry Kath sings the lead vocal, and Walter Parazaider performs the highly recognizable flute solo.
Chicago XI is the ninth studio album (eleventh overall) by the American band Chicago, released in 1977.
 The album marked the end of an era for Chicago in more ways than one.
 This would be the last Chicago album to feature guitarist and founding member Terry Kath prior to his death in an accident with a gun just over four months later, and the last Chicago album to be produced by James William Guercio.
Hot Streets is the tenth studio album (twelfth overall) by the American band Chicago, released in 1978.
 In many ways, "Hot Streets" marked the beginning of a new era for the band, turning to disco music, a move which would be derided in retrospect.
 It was also the band's first album with all-new material released since their second that didn't have a numbered title.
 It was also the first album not to feature original guitarist/vocalist Terry Kath, who died from an accidental self-inflicted gunshot wound in January 1978.
 He was replaced by Donnie Dacus on this album.
Lukas Rossi (born December 21, 1976) is a Canadian rock musician and was the winner of the CBS Television reality series "" - a televised audition contest to become lead singer of the hard rock supergroup "Rock Star Supernova".
The Halo Method Is an American rock supergroup, formed in 2012 in Hollywood, California.
 It consisted of guitarist Ben Moody (We Are the Fallen, ex-Evanescence), drummer Miles McPherson, vocalist Lukas Rossi (ex-Rock Star Supernova, ex-Daylight Division) and bassist Josh Newell (ex-In This Moment).
