"Don't Call It Love" is a song first released by American singer Kim Carnes on her 1981 album "Mistaken Identity".
 The following year it was covered by Captain and Tennille and Dusty Springfield from their albums "More Than Dancing" and "White Heat".
 Later the song was covered and released as a single by American entertainer Dolly Parton.
 It was released in January 1985 as the first single from the album "Real Love".
 The song reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 "Don't Call It Love" was also an Adult Contemporary hit, reaching number 12 in the US and number seven in Canada.
"Love of the Common People" is a song written by John Hurley and Ronnie Wilkins, eventually released in 1970 on John Hurley's album "John Hurley Sings about People," but first sung in January 1967 by The Four Preps.
 It had been covered by The Everly Brothers, country singers Waylon Jennings and Lynn Anderson, Pennsylvania Sixpence and also Wayne Newton, all in 1967, The Simple Image, Leonard Nimoy, reggae singer Eric Donaldson and the Gosdin Brothers in 1968, Elton John and also soul group The Winstons, both in 1969, John Denver on his 1969 album "Rhymes & Reasons," Sandy Posey in 1970, the same year that reggae singer Nicky Thomas had a big hit in Europe with the song, and pedal steel guitarist Sneaky Pete Kleinow in 1979.
 It was also a Top 10 hit in Ireland for showband star Joe Dolan in 1968.
 Wanda Jackson covered the song in 1971, as did Stiff Little Fingers and English pop singer Paul Young, both in 1982.
 In 2007 Bruce Springsteen covered it as part of his Seeger Sessions tour, releasing a live version of it as a bonus track on his "" album.
"Write About Love" is the lead single, as well as the title track, of Belle & Sebastian's 2010 album "Belle & Sebastian Write About Love".
 The single was first released in the US on 7 September 2010, and is set to be released in the UK and in international markets on 25 October 2010.
 The track was also released as a free download for a limited time on Belle & Sebastian's website.
 The song features actress Carey Mulligan on vocals.
Willis Alan Ramsey is the sole studio release by the Texas songwriter Willis Alan Ramsey.
 The album's genre is hard to categorize with touches of country, country rock, folk, and folk rock.
 The tunes range from the reflection and regret of "The Ballad of Spider John" to a heartfelt tribute to Woody Guthrie on "Boy from Oklahoma".
 It was recorded on Leon Russell's Shelter label in 1972, and Leon sat in on piano, keyboards, vibraphone.
 Other guest musicians include: Carl Radle, Jim Keltner, Red Rhodes and Russ Kunkel.
 The song "Muskrat Candlelight" was later covered by the band America in 1973 and then by Captain & Tennille in 1976, both using the title "Muskrat Love."
 "Ballad of Spider John" was covered by Jimmy Buffett on his 1974 album "Living & Dying in 3/4 Time".
 The Song "Satin Sheets" (not the Jeanne Pruett song of the same name) was covered by The Bellamy Brothers.
 The songs "Geraldine and the Honeybee" and "Wishbone" have been covered live several times by Widespread Panic
"Can We Talk" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Tevin Campbell and composed and produced by Babyface.
 It was the first single to be released from his double platinum second release "I'm Ready".
 The song hit top ten on the pop charts peaking at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and spent a total of three weeks at number one on the US R&B chart.
 It sold 500,000 copies and earned a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America.
 The song was also Nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rhythm & Blues Vocal Performance - Male.
 It was also nominated and later won the Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul Single - Male ("Can We Talk").
 Cover versions of the hit song have been done by The Whispers, Sanchez, and Kirk Whalum (on his 2005 album "Kirk Whalum Performs the Babyface Songbook").
 The song was later covered by British boyband Code Red in 1996, for their debut album "Scarlet" and was released as the album's lead single becoming a modest hit and reaching #1 in Asia.
 The song has also been covered by a Japanese/Korean singer during June 2008.
 The song became the opening theme to the 2012 sitcom "1600 Penn".
 The song was sampled in hip hop duo Luniz's song "Playa Hata" from their debut album "Operation Stackola".
 The song was sung by 19-year-old Victor Sulfa during the semi-finals on season 3 of "New Zealand Idol" as well as Nikko Smith during the Top 10 round on season 4 of "American Idol".
 The song has been featured on at least two different compilation albums including Disc 14 of "Classic Soul Ballads" entitled "Tender Love" and Volume 6 of MTV's "Party to Go" compilation albums series entitled "MTV Party to Go 6".
"I Saw the Light" is a country gospel song written by Hank Williams.
 Williams was inspired to write the song while returning from a concert by a remark his mother made while they were arriving in Montgomery, Alabama.
 He recorded the song during his first session for MGM Records, and released in September 1948.
 The song is set to the tune of the traditional Scottish folk tune "Bonnie Charlie", also commonly known as "Will ye no come back again?"
.
 The song became the shows' closing song for Williams and one of his most popular tunes.
 Williams' version did not enjoy major success during its initial release.
 The song was soon covered by other acts and with time became a country gospel standard.
"She Is Love" is the debut single by American pop rock band, Parachute, and is the lead single from their debut album, "Losing Sleep".
 It was released on May 13, 2009.
 It is their only song to enter the "Billboard" Hot 100 to date, peaking at #66.
 The song is also their most successful single to date, as it entered the Adult Alternative Songs, Adult Contemporary, Adult Pop Songs, Heatseekers Songs, Japan Hot 100 charts and is certified Gold by the RIAA.
 The album version was produced by Chris Keup/Stewart Myers.
 The full band version was produced by Kyle Kelso.
 Songwriter Will Anderson said that he tried to write a very simple love song that he could sing in front of a room full of girls he was trying to get to come to a show.
"Love Stinks" is a song written by Peter Wolf and Seth Justman that was the title track of the J. Geils Band's 1980 album "Love Stinks".
 The song was released as a single and peaked in the US at #38, spending three weeks in the Top 40.
 In Canada, the song reached number 15.
 Joan Jett covered the song for the soundtrack of the 1996 movie "Mr. Wrong".
 The song was also featured in the film "Opie Gets Laid".
 It was also covered by Adam Sandler in the movie "The Wedding Singer" and by Himalayaz with Ms. Toi for the movie "Love Stinks".
Spontaneous Combustion is an album by progressive metal group Liquid Trio Experiment, and is the result of the studio improvisations of Liquid Tension Experiment which occurred while John Petrucci was with his wife while she was giving birth.
 The trio of Mike Portnoy, Tony Levin and Jordan Rudess continued to write music during this period.
 It was released on October 23, 2007.
 A few songs from "Liquid Tension Experiment 2" were spawned from these jam sessions including "914", "Chewbacca", and "Liquid Dreams".
 The song "Chris & Kevin's Bogus Journey" is not a reference to Portnoy and Petrucci's former Dream Theater bandmates Chris Collins and Kevin Moore, but rather to the track on Liquid Tension Experiment's first album entitled "Chris & Kevin's Excellent Adventure", which is itself a reference to the band's photographer's habit of calling Mike Portnoy and Tony Levin "Chris and Kevin", even after being corrected several times.
 It is also a reference to the 1991 film "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey", the sequel to "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure".
 The song "Jazz Odyssey" is a reference to the movie "This Is Spinal Tap", in which Spinal Tap experiments with an improvisational song of the same name.
Better Than Home is the seventh solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Beth Hart.
 Hart's husband and her manager convinced her to work with the production team of Rob Mathes and Michael Stevens, whom she had met when she performed at the Kennedy Center Honors in 2012.
 Hart had worked with Kevin Shirley for her last three albums, but she was persuaded to try a different team and go a different direction.
 The production team challenged Hart to leave behind the darker themes and to "write more about my joy and what I believe in and what my love is."
 Hart was pushed to write songs that came from a different source, from when she was happy or having a good time.
 One song on the album, "Tell Her You Belong to Me", took her a year and a half to write.
