The Egg Tree is a 1950 book by Katherine Milhous that won the 1951 Caldecott Medal, based on the author's family tradition.
 It tells the classic tale of a Pennsylvania Dutch Easter, with its main characters being Katy and Carl.
 One day, near Easter, they look for Easter eggs and found eggs that their grandmother had painted on a tree.
 They were interested, so they ask their grandmother about the eggs.
 They eventually create one, and it becomes a big success the next Easter.
Downward to the Earth is a 1970 science fiction novel by American writer Robert Silverberg.
 It is a tale of the quest for transcendence (a frequent Silverberg theme) set on another planet, and includes references to "Heart of Darkness", Joseph Conrad's classic tale of colonialism, including the name of Kurtz.
 Its title references Ecclesiates 3:21 in the bible.
Jamais is a French single recorded by U. S. entertainer Connie Francis.
 The song is a French reworking of Sebastián Yradier's classic tale about a white dove, "La Paloma", a song which Francis also recorded in
Beauty and the Beast (alternatively: Cannon Movie Tales: Beauty and the Beast in United States, Die Schöne und das Biest in West Germany, La Bella e la Bestia in Italy, La Belle et la Bête in France) is a 1987 American/Israeli musical film, part of the 1980 film series Cannon Movie Tales.
 It is a contemporary version of the classic tale of Beauty and the Beast.
 The movie was filmed entirely in Israel, and the taglines were: ""The monster they feared was the prince she loved"" and ""The classic fairy tale about seeing with your heart"".
Another Antigone is a play by A. R. Gurney.
 It was first produced in March 1987 at the Old Globe Theatre in San Diego, California.
 The play opened at Playwrights Horizons in New York City in January, 1988.
 It is dedicated by the playwright to John Tillinger.
 It was published by the Dramatists Play Service in January 1988.
 The play is based on the Greek tragedy, "Antigone" by Sophocles, which is a classic tale of how unbending hubris destroys all who fall prey to its spell.
 "Another Antigone" is the same story, with some modern twists.
Beauty and the Beast is a Czech horros fairy tale film directed by Slovak film director Juraj Herz in 1978.
 The film is a re-telling of the classic tale "Beauty and the Beast".
 The picture is notable for its pervasive atmosphere of dread and the innovative decision to depict the beast as a bird-like creature.
The Fosdyke Saga was a British comic strip by cartoonist Bill Tidy, published in the "Daily Mirror" newspaper from March 1971 - February 1985.
 Described as "a classic tale of struggle, power, personalities and tripe", the strip was a parody of John Galsworthy's classic novel series "The Forsyte Saga".
 However, the slightly bizarre and strange antics of the characters and those around them had a Lancashire/Cheshire lean with mangles, chimneys and soot ever present.
George Walter Stonier or "GW Stonier" (1903 – 1985) was an English critic, novelist and radio playwright, and a literary editor of the "New Statesman".
 He was an adapter of Gustave Flaubert's "Bouvard et Pécuchet", and his radio plays included "Ophelia", "The Shadow Across the Page", "The House Opposite" and "Chap in a Bowler Hat".
 He was a contributor to "The Observer", "The Daily Telegraph", literary journals and "Sight & Sound".
 He was also author of the well-regarded novella "Memoirs of a Ghost".
 He was the first to translate Jules Renard's classic tale of an unloved child, "Poil de Carotte" into English.
 It was published (as "Carrots") in 1946 by the Grey Walls Press in an edition illustrated by Fred Uhlman.
1% of Anything (, or "Something About 1%") is a South Korean TV drama that was broadcast on Sunday mornings for 26 episodes from July 6, 2003, to December 28, 2003.
 Its central characters are played by film star Kang Dong-won and Kim Jung-hwa of SBS's 2002 TV drama, "Glass Slippers".
 This romantic comedy drama series is based on an original novel of the same title, and it is a classic tale of boy-meets-girl.
 The plot follows traditional love stories of clashing personalities, familial obstacles and triumphant love-conquers-all themes.
The Happy Hypocrite: A Fairy Tale for Tired Men is a short story with moral implications, first published in a separate volume by Max Beerbohm in 1897.
 His earliest short story, "The Happy Hypocrite" first appeared in Volume XI of "The Yellow Book" in October, 1896.
 Beerbohm's tale is a lighter, more humorous version of Oscar Wilde's classic tale of moral degeneration, "The Picture of Dorian Gray".
