Tables is a general name given to a class of board games similar to backgammon, played on a board with two rows of 12 vertical markings called "points".
 Players roll dice to determine the movement of pieces.
 Tables games are among the oldest known board games, and many variants are played throughout the world.
Blue and Gray is an strategy board game for two players invented by Henry Busch and Arthur Jaeger in 1903.
 They obtained a patent for the game, but may never have published it.
 Blue and Gray was featured in the book "A Gamut of Games" (1969) by Sid Sackson.
 It was also featured in "The Book of Classic Board Games" (1991) by Klutz Press under the name Cats and Dogs.
 In this book, the game was ranked among the top 15 board games of all time, including checkers, backgammon, Go, and mancala.
 The game is also known as Wild West, Thumps Game, and Captain and Soldiers.
 The name Blue and Gray "refers to the uniforms of the South and the North in the Civil War and in the original game the playing pieces of the contestants were of those colors."
Axis & Allies is a series of World War II strategy board games. Originally designed by Larry Harris and published by Nova Game Designs in 1981, the game was republished by the Milton Bradley Company in 1984 as part of the "Gamemaster Series" of board games.
 This edition has been retroactively named Axis & Allies: Classic to differentiate it from later revisions.
 In 1996, "Axis & Allies: Classic" was inducted into the Academy of Adventure Gaming Arts & Design "Adventure Gaming Hall of Fame".
 "Games" magazine also has inducted "Axis & Allies" into their buyers' guide Hall of Fame, an honor the magazine extends to "games that have met or exceeded the highest standards of quality and play value and have been continuously in production for at least 10 years; i.e., classics."
Deduction board games are a genre of board game in which the players must use deductive reasoning and logic in order to win the game.
 While many games, such as bridge or poker require the use of deductive reasoning to some degree, deduction board games feature deductive reasoning as their central mechanic.
Word board games are those games played on a board as players of the game attempt to construct words that use a scoring system.
 The player with the highest score wins the game.
 Many if not most board games are also available as software programs and online.
 Online word board games can be organized so that the player is playing against other people or the game can be played against an automated program acting as an artificial intelligence.
 Players of some word board games organize themselves into associations, clubs, and tournaments.
BoardGameGeek is an online forum for board gaming hobbyists and a game database that holds reviews, images and videos for over 84,000 different tabletop games, including European-style board games, wargames, and card games.
 In addition to the game database, the site allows users to rate games on a 1–10 scale and publishes a ranked list of board games.
Robert Charles Bell (1917–2002) was the author of several books on board games, most importantly "Board and Table Games 1 & 2" (reprinted as "Board and Table Games from Many Civilizations").
 This work won the Premier Award of the Doctors' Hobbies Exhibition, London.
 He was instrumental in popularizing traditional games, and is acknowledged as one of 11 "principal sources" in David Parlett's "The Oxford History of Board Games".
David Parlett (born 1939) is a games scholar, historian, and translator from South London, who has studied both card games and board games. His published works include many popular books on games and the more academic volumes "The Oxford Guide to Card Games" and "The Oxford History of Board Games", both now out of print.
 Parlett also invented a number of board games, the most successful of which is Hare and Tortoise (1974).
 The German edition was awarded Spiel des Jahres (Game of the Year) in 1979.
Francis Tresham is a United Kingdom-based board game designer who has been producing board games since the early 1970s.
 Tresham founded and ran games company Hartland Trefoil (founded 1971), a company well known for its "Civilization" board game, until its sale to MicroProse in 1997.
 His "1829" game was the first of the "18xx" board game series and some of his board games have inspired Sid Meier computer games such as "Railroad Tycoon".
Pandemic is a cooperative board game designed by Matt Leacock and published by Z-Man Games in 2007.
 "Pandemic" is based on the premise that four diseases have broken out in the world, each threatening to wipe out a region.
 The game accommodates 2 to 4 players, each playing one of five possible specialists: dispatcher, medic, scientist, researcher, or operations expert.
 The game is unlike most board games in that the gameplay is cooperative, rather than competitive.
 Through the combined effort of all the players, the goal is to discover all four cures before any of several game-losing conditions are reached.
