Arthur Owen Turner (1 April 1909 – 12 January 1994) was an English professional association football player and manager.
 He played as a centre-half for Stoke City, Birmingham City and Southport.
 Turner was player-manager of Southport, managed Crewe Alexandra and was assistant at Stoke before joining Birmingham City as manager.
 He won the Second Division championship in 1954–55, led them the following season to the 1956 FA Cup Final and their highest ever top flight finish, and became the first man to manage an English club side in European competition when he took the club to the semi-final of the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup in 1958.
 Turner went on to manage the transformation of Southern League club Headington United into Oxford United of the Second Division of the Football League.
Gareth John Evans (born 14 January 1967) is an English football player and coach.
 He played for Coventry City, Rotherham United, Hibernian, Stoke City, Northampton Town, Partick Thistle, Airdrie and Alloa Athletic.
 Evans has been the caretaker manager of Hibernian and Livingston, and was head coach of the Scotland women's under-19 national team for four years.
Neil Baldwin (born 15 March 1946) is an honorary graduate of Keele University from Westlands in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire, England.
 He is a registered clown and also worked for Stoke City Football Club, for whom he once played briefly in a friendly match.
 He is the subject of an award-winning BBC television drama, "Marvellous", which was broadcast in 2014.
Stoke City Football Club Under-23s is the most senior of Stoke City's youth teams and the club's former reserve team.
 The Under-23 team is effectively Stoke City's second-string side.
 They play in Premier League 2 Division 2.
 The team also competes in the Premier League Cup and the Staffordshire Senior Cup.
Thomas "Tommy" Hyslop (22 September 1874 – 1936) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City and Sunderland He was the first Stoke player to be capped by Scotland.
 He represented the Scotland national team, playing twice against England in 1896 and in 1897, scoring on his debut.
 He also played for Sunderland and Rangers.
The Mercurial Vapor is a football boot manufactured by Nike.
 The boot is known for being lightweight.
 Because of this, the boot is endorsed by many players for whom speed is part of their game, notably wingers or strikers, such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Franck Ribéry, Luiz Adriano, Zlatan Ibrahimović, Didier Drogba, Jesús Navas, Luka Modrić, Arturo Vidal, Douglas Costa, Xherdan Shaqiri, Raheem Sterling, Stephan El Shaarawy, Eden Hazard, Alexis Sánchez, Carlos Bacca and Philippe Coutinho, among others.
Maurice Edgar Setters (born 16 December 1936) is an English former football player and manager.
 As player, he made more than 400 appearances in the Football League representing Exeter City, West Bromwich Albion, Manchester United, Stoke City, Coventry City and Charlton Athletic, and in the United Soccer Association with the Cleveland Stokers (Stoke City under another name).
 His favoured position was wing half.
 As manager, he took charge of Doncaster Rovers and (briefly) Sheffield Wednesday, and spent several years as assistant manager of the Republic of Ireland.
Andrzej Edward "Eddie" Niedzwiecki; born 3 May 1959) is a Welsh former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Wrexham and Chelsea and is now first-team coach at Stoke City.
 After retiring early due to injury Niedzwiecki became a coach with Chelsea and then Arsenal before working with Mark Hughes with the Wales national team.
 Since then he has worked with Hughes at Blackburn Rovers, Manchester City, Fulham, Queens Park Rangers and Stoke City.
Stoke City Football Club is an English football club based in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.
 The club was founded in 1863 and has competed in the English football league system since 1888.
 They played in the UEFA Cup in 1972–73 and 1974–75, before qualifying for the tournament in 2011–12 under the new name of UEFA Europa League.
 The club also entered the Anglo-Italian Cup and the Texaco Cup.
Stoke City Football Club is a professional football club based in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England, that plays in the Premier League, the top flight of English football.
