Aren’t You Glad You’re You?
 is a 1945 popular standard composed by Jimmy Van Heusen, with lyrics by Johnny Burke.
 Van Heusen and Burke wrote the song for the film "The Bells of St. Mary's", directed by Leo McCarey, and starring Bing Crosby and Ingrid Bergman in the main roles.
 Bing Crosby presents the song in the film.
 <br>
"Pardonne-moi" (English: "Forgive Me") is a 2001 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Mylène Farmer, with lyrics written by herself and music composed by Laurent Boutonnat.
 It was the third and last single from "Les Mots", and was released on 21 October 2002.
 The song is about the unhappy love of a woman who is asking for forgiveness from the Oriental princes whom she loves.
 The black and white accompanying music video was directed by Boutonnat in Morocco and shows Farmer dressed as a nun, with images of a knight galloping on horseback and a snake.
 Like the single "À quoi je sers..." released thirteen years earlier, "Pardonne-moi" is generally deemed a synthesis of Farmer's work and thus marked the end of an artistic period in her career.
 The song received positive reviews from critics and became a top ten hit in France and in the Waloon Belgium, although its sales were rather disappointing.
Glad to Be Unhappy is an album recorded by American jazz saxophonist Paul Desmond featuring performances recorded in 1964 (with one track from 1963) which were released on the RCA Victor label.
Make Believe is the third album by torch song singer Jessica Molaskey, accompanied by an all-star musical group that includes Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli.
 Guest singer Adam Guettel joins her for a duet on "Glad to Be Unhappy".
"Glad to Be Unhappy" is a popular song composed by Richard Rodgers, with lyrics by Lorenz Hart.
 It was introduced in their 1936 musical "On Your Toes" by Doris Carson and David Morris, although it was not popular at the time, as there was only one 1936 recording of the tune.
 In the 1937 London production, it was sung by Gina Malo and Eddie Pola.
 The song was performed in the 1954 Broadway revival by Kay Coulter and Joshua Shelley.
"Glad All Over" is a song written by Dave Clark and Mike Smith and recorded by The Dave Clark Five.
 In January 1964, it became the British group's first big hit, reaching No.1 on the UK Singles Chart.
 In April 1964, it reached No.6 on the American US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, becoming the first British Invasion hit by a group other than The Beatles.
 It was also No.1 in Ireland, No.3 in Australia and No.2 in Canada.
 It reached No.4 in the Netherlands and No.16 in Germany.
 "Glad All Over" was the No.2 selling single of 1964 in the UK (behind "Can't Buy Me Love" by The Beatles), and also had sufficient UK sales in November and December 1963 to make it the 58th best-selling single of 1963; put together these statistics suggest UK sales for "Glad All Over" of around 1,000,000 units by the end of 1964.
I'm Glad I Can Make You Cry is a World War I song written and composed by Chas.
 R. McCarron & Carey Morgan.
 The song was published in 1918 by Jos. W. Stern & Co. in New York, NY.
 The sheet music cover, illustrated by Starmer, depicts photos of Alice Joyce & Evart Overton, as well as Bessie Hamilton and Gus Hall's Minstrels.
"Aren't You Kinda Glad We Did?"
 is a song composed by George Gershwin, with lyrics by Ira Gershwin.
"Glad Rag Doll" is a 1928 song composed by Milton Ager and Dan Dougherty with lyrics by Jack Yellen.
 It was Ager and Yellen's first movie theme song, written for the motion picture of the same name (released in 1929) starring Dolores Costello.
Rock Hard is the seventh solo studio album by the American rock singer-songwriter and bass guitarist Suzi Quatro.
 It was originally released in October 1980, and was her first and only release by the record label, Dreamland.
 The album was recorded over a period of one month in 1980, at United Western Studios, in Hollywood.
 It features three prolific guest backing vocalists, including Paul Delph, Michael Des Barres, and Andrea Robinson.
 It is notably her last album to chart anywhere for twenty-six years, until she released "Back to the Drive", in 2006.
 The album featured the songs "Rock Hard", "Glad All Over", and "Lipstick" which were all released as singles.
 The aforementioned title track was a commercial success, peaking at Number 9 in Australia, but only peaked at #68 in the UK, while "Lipstick" was only a moderate success peaking at #46 in Australia, and at #51 in US.
 "Glad All Over", a cover version of a song originally by The Dave Clark Five, unlike the other singles was the only one to chart in Belgium, peaking at #25.
