Polaris: Voyage for Orchestra is an orchestral composition by the British composer Thomas Adès.
 The work was co-commissioned by the New World Symphony under the direction of Michael Tilson Thomas for the opening of the New World Center.
 The New World Symphony was joined in commission by the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, the New York Philharmonic, the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation, the Barbican Centre, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and the San Francisco Symphony.
 It was given its world premiere by Michael Tilson Thomas and the New World Symphony at the New World Center in Miami Beach on January 26, 2011.
The Verlag Freies Geistesleben & Urachhaus GmbH is a publishing company based in Stuttgart, publishing under the imprints of "Verlag Freies Geistesleben" and "Verlag Urachhaus".
 The company has its roots in the Anthroposophical movement, and is publishing a wide range of titles, including many classic titles.
Jörgen Smit (July 21, 1916 in Bergen – May 10, 1991 in Arlesheim) was a Norwegian teacher, teachers teacher, speaker and writer, mainly in the context of the Anthroposophical Society and the Waldorfschool Movement.
 He was the general secretary of the Norwegian Anthroposophical Society, co-founder of the Rudolf Steiner Seminar in Järna, Sweden and member of the Executive Council of the General Anthroposophical Society at the Goetheanum in Dornach, Switzerland.
Howard J. Smit (April 19, 1911 – August 1, 2009) was a pioneering American film make-up artist known for his work on films including "The Birds" and "The Wizard of Oz".
 Smit also spearheaded the movement to establish the Academy Award for Best Makeup to recognize the profession within the film industry.
 He also successfully pushed studios to credit film make-up artists in a movie's screen credits.
The Goetheanum, located in Dornach (near Basel), Switzerland, is the world center for the anthroposophical movement.
 The building was designed by Rudolf Steiner and named after Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
 It includes two performance halls (1500 seats), gallery and lecture spaces, a library, a bookstore, and administrative spaces for the Anthroposophical Society; neighboring buildings house the Society's research and educational facilities.
 Conferences focusing on themes of general interest or directed toward teachers, farmers, doctors, therapists, and other professionals are held at the center throughout the year.
Job sharing or work sharing is an employment arrangement where typically two people are retained on a part-time or reduced-time basis to perform a job normally fulfilled by one person working full-time.
 Since all positions are shared thus leads to a net reduction in per-employee income.
 The people sharing the job work as a team to complete the job task and are equally responsible for the job workload.
 Compensation is apportioned between the workers, Working hours, pay and holidays are divided equally.
 The Pay As You Go system helps make deductions for national insurance and superannuations are made as a straightforward percentage.
U.S. Bank Tower, formerly Library Tower and First Interstate Bank World Center, is a 1018 ft skyscraper at 633 West Fifth Street in downtown Los Angeles, California.
 It is the third tallest building in California, the second tallest building in LA, the fifteenth tallest in the United States, the third tallest west of the Mississippi River after the Salesforce Tower and the Wilshire Grand Center, and the 92nd tallest building in the world, after being surpassed by the Wilshire Grand Center.
 Because local building codes required all high-rise buildings to have a helipad, it was known as the tallest building in the world with a roof-top heliport from its completion in 1989 to 2004 when Taipei 101 opened.
 It is also the third tallest building in a major active seismic region; its structure was designed to resist an earthquake of 8.3 on the Richter scale.
 It consists of 73 stories above ground and two parking levels below ground.
 Construction began in 1987 with completion in 1989.
 The building was designed by Henry N. Cobb of the architectural firm Pei Cobb Freed & Partners and cost $350 million to build.
 It is one of the most recognizable buildings in Los Angeles, and often appears in establishing shots for the city in films and television programs.
Triodos Bank N.V. is a bank based in the Netherlands with branches in Belgium, Germany, United Kingdom and Spain.
 It claims to be a pioneer in ethical banking.
 Triodos Bank finances companies which it thinks add cultural value and benefit both people and the environment.
 That includes companies in the fields of solar energy, organic farming or culture.
 The name Triodos is derived from the Greek "τρὶ ὁδος - tri hodos," meaning "three-way approach" (people, planet, profit).
 Triodos Bank's balance sheet was worth EUR 5.3 billion by the end of 2012.
 It is influenced by the anthroposophical movement.
Frederick William Zeylmans van Emmichoven, (Helmond, November 23, 1893 - Cape Town, November 18, 1961) was a Dutch psychiatrist and anthroposophist.
 From 1923 until his death in 1961 he was chairman of the Dutch Anthroposophical Society.
 He was a familiar figure in public life and had a considerable influence on the anthroposophic movement, particularly through his numerous lectures and his work as an author, which included the first biography of Rudolf Steiner.
The Marriott's Orlando World Center Resort is a hotel and convention center near Orlando, Florida.
 The resort, which is close by to Walt Disney World, is located off of World Center Drive, which was renamed from International Drive to the resort's namesake after the southern extension of I-Drive was built.
