Famous is an upcoming American sitcom television series created by Ralph Farquhar and Ty Hodges.
 Fox gave the comedy series, set around couples therapy, a 10-episode straight-to-series order in April 2016, with the series originally set to start on June 12, 2016.
 After difficulties during casting, the series has been put off-schedule and put into re-development.
The Salt Lake City Intermodal Hub (also known as Salt Lake Central on Utah Transit Authority [UTA] routes and SLC by Amtrak) is a multi-modal transportation hub in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States served by the Blue Line of UTA's TRAX light rail system that operates in Salt Lake County and by the "FrontRunner", UTA's commuter rail train that operates along the Wasatch Front with service from Pleasant View in northern Weber County through Ogden, Davis County, Salt Lake City, and Salt Lake County to Provo in central Utah County.
 Service at the intermodal hub is also provided by Amtrak (with the "California Zephyr"), Greyhound Lines, and U Car Share, as well as UTA local bus service.
Murder on the Blackpool Express is a 2017 comedy drama television film created by Jason Cook.
 Starring Johnny Vegas, Sian Gibson, Nigel Havers, Una Stubbs, Griff Rhys Jones, Nina Wadia, Sheila Reid and Kevin Eldon.
Trollied is a British sitcom about employees in a fictional supermarket named "Valco", which debuted on Sky 1 on 4 August 2011.
 The series was filmed in a purpose-built replica supermarket in the Bottle Yard Studios in Bristol throughout April and May 2011 for the first series with the second series being filmed in June and July 2012.
Cradle to Grave is a 2015 British sitcom set around the life of Danny Baker.
 According to a social media message posted by outgoing BBC Director of Television, Danny Cohen, the show (which ended in October 2015) has since been commissioned for a second series.
 It will premiere on 11 December 2017.
Peter Kay's Car Share is a British sitcom set around supermarket assistant manager John Redmond (Peter Kay) and promotions rep Kayleigh Kitson (Sian Gibson), and their participation in a company car share scheme.
Vélo'v is a bicycle sharing system run by the city of Lyon, France, in conjunction with the advertising company JCDecaux.
 It has been the pioneer smart bicycle sharing system, previous systems being more ad hoc and run similar to a charity.
 The relationship with JCDecaux allows the city to provide the service on a cost neutral basis for the city, and at very low cost to users, in return for providing exclusive advertising access on bus shelters and the like.
 The primary aim is to reduce vehicle traffic within the city.
 The scheme also aims to reduce pollution, create a convivial atmosphere within the city, and encourage the health benefits of increased activity.
 Its name is a portmanteau of French "vélo" ("bike") and English "love".
 The first bicycle sharing system to open in France, after the pioneering 1974 scheme in La Rochelle, its thundering success inspired similar systems in major French and European cities, including Paris' Velib' in 2007.
 With the success of these two high profile smart bicycle sharing systems a new paradigm of government supporting bike sharing as a part of a public transportation network emerged.
 It is still the bike share scheme with the second highest market penetration (1 bike per 121 residents) in the world, after the Velib'.
UhaulCarShare (formerly "UCarShare") is a for-profit carsharing service offered by U-Haul in nearly 40 cities in the United States.
 Those with a Uhaul Car Share membership may have use of a car, billable by the hour or by the day.
 However, use is generally limited to three days at a time.
 Most often, Uhaul Car Share vehicles are operated in communities with colleges and/or universities nearby.
 "The goal of [Uhaul] Car Share is to give people an alternative to owning second and third cars, and to increase the use of public transit."
"Beyond Blunderdome" is the eleventh season premiere of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 26, 1999, and was watched in around 8.1 million homes during the broadcast.
 In the episode, the Simpsons are given free tickets to a preview screening of Mel Gibson's new film, a remake of "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington".
 Gibson laments his current non-violent role and wants someone to give him criticism.
 When Homer sees Gibson talking with Marge, he gives him a brutal review, leading Gibson to believe that Homer is the only man brave enough to give suggestions.
 As a result, he hires him to create a better ending.
 However, when the ending proves to be too controversial, Gibson and Homer end up on the run from studio executives with the film.
Siân Gibson (born Siân Foulkes; 15 July 1976) is a Welsh actress and writer perhaps best known for her collaborations with Peter Kay, including starring in and co-writing the comedy series "Peter Kay's Car Share", for which she won the 2016 BAFTA TV Award for Best Scripted Comedy and the National Television Award for Best Comedy.
