The history of Fascist ideology, or fascism and ideology, is long and it involves many sources.
 Fascists took inspiration from as far back as the Spartans for their focus on racial purity and their emphasis on rule by an elite minority; it has also been connected to the ideals of Plato, though there are key differences.
 In Italy, Fascism styled itself as the ideological successor to Rome, particularly the Roman Empire.
 The Enlightenment-era concept of a "high and noble" Aryan culture as opposed to a "parasitic" Semitic culture was core to Nazi racial views; from the same era, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel's view on the absolute authority of the state also strongly influenced Fascist thinking.
 The French Revolution was a major influence insofar as the Nazis saw themselves as fighting back against many of the ideas which it brought to prominence, especially liberalism, liberal democracy, and racial equality; on the other hand, Fascism drew heavily on the revolutionary ideal of nationalism.
Aleksandr Gelyevich Dugin (Russian: Алекса́ндр Ге́льевич Ду́гин ; born 7 January 1962) is a Russian political analyst, known for his fascist views, who calls to hasten the "end of times" with all-out war.
 He has close ties with the Kremlin and the Russian military, having "served as an advisor to State Duma speaker Gennadiy Seleznyov and key member of the ruling United Russia party Sergei Naryshkin.
 However, commentators dispute his influence: in the words of journalist Alexander Nevzorov, "if we had had Sergey Kurginyan and Dugin instead of Putin, there would have been hell for all of us to pay, they would have unleashed a European and World War without a shadow of a doubt, without considering consequences at all."
 But "Dugin and Kurginyan do not have the slightest impact on what is going on in the Kremlin and do not even get coaching there".
 Dugin was the leading organizer of the National Bolshevik Party, National Bolshevik Front, and Eurasia Party.
 He is the author of more than 30 books, among them "Foundations of Geopolitics" (1997) and "The Fourth Political Theory" (2009).
Fascism is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism, characterized by dictatorial power, forcible suppression of opposition, and control of industry and commerce, that came to prominence in early 20th-century Europe.
 The first fascist movements emerged in Italy during World War I, before it spread to other European countries.
 Opposed to liberalism, Marxism, and anarchism, fascism is usually placed on the far-right within the traditional left–right spectrum.
Anton Shekhovtsov (born 1978) is a Ukrainian writer, academic and political activist.
 He is known for his writings on the European radical right and in particular its alleged connections to Russia.
 Having worked for the Institute for Euro-Atlantic Cooperation, he is a supporter of the European Union, NATO and liberal democracy, as well as a noted critic of Vladimir Putin's Russia, particularly the ideology of Neo-Eurasianism and the activities of Aleksander Dugin.
 He is the editor of the editor of the "Explorations of the Far Right" book series at "ibidem-Verlag" and sits on the board of the open source "Fascism: Journal of Comparative Fascist Studies."
The Eurasian Youth Union (Russian: Евразийский союз молодёжи ; ЕСМ / ESM) is a Russian traditionalist-European political organization, the youth wing of the Eurasia Party headed by Aleksandr Dugin.
 The organization has branches in several countries.
The Fourth Political Theory (Russian: Четвертая политическая теория , "Chetvertaya Politicheskaya Teoriya" ) is a book by the Russian political scientist and theorist Aleksandr Dugin, published in 2009.
 In the book, Dugin states that he is laying the foundations for an entirely new political ideology, the fourth political theory, which integrates and supersedes the three past "theories" of liberal democracy, Marxism, and fascism.
 The book has been cited as an inspiration for Russian policy in events such as the War in Donbass, and for the contemporary European far right in general.
Dragoš Kalajić (; 1943–2005) was a Serbian artist, philosopher and writer.
 Kalajić studied art at the Accademia di Belle Arti in Rome.
 He graduated in 1965 with the highest marks in his class.
 After completing his training he began living and working in Belgrade and Rome.
 Kalajić was an accomplished writer beside being an artist (he wrote for the magazine "Pogledi").
 He was a member of the Association of Writers of Serbia, the Association of Fine Artists of Serbia and the Association of Writers of Russia.
 He achieved considerable success in the many fields that he ventured into, from literature to visual arts to the history of art and publishing.
 He was friends with many greats in the fields of art, literature, film and philosophy such as Julius Evola, Ezra Pound, Aleksandr Dugin, Giorgio de Chirico and Gualtiero Jacopetti among many others.
Ernst Nolte (11 January 1923 – 18 August 2016) was a German historian and philosopher.
 Nolte’s major interest was the comparative studies of fascism and communism (cf. Comparison of Nazism and Stalinism).
 Originally trained in philosophy, he was professor emeritus of modern history at the Free University of Berlin, where he taught from 1973 until his 1991 retirement.
 He was previously a professor at the University of Marburg from 1965 to 1973.
 He was best known for his seminal work "Fascism In Its Epoch", which received widespread acclaim when it was published in 1963.
 Nolte was a prominent conservative academic since the early 1960s and was involved in many controversies related to the interpretation of the history of fascism and communism, including the "Historikerstreit" in the late 1980s.
 In recent years, Nolte focused on Islamism and "Islamic fascism".
 He was the father of legal scholar Georg Nolte.
 Nolte received several prizes, including the Hanns Martin Schleyer Prize and the Konrad Adenauer Prize.
The Eurasia Party (Russian: Евразия ) is a Russian political party.
 It was registered by the Ministry of Justice of Russia on 21 June 2002, approximately one year after the Pan-Russian Eurasia Movement was established by Aleksandr Dugin.
 This means that the party enjoys full rights within the Russian political process.
The Foundations of Geopolitics: The Geopolitical Future of Russia is a geopolitical book by Aleksandr Dugin.
 The book has had a large influence within the Russian military, police, and foreign policy elites and was allegedly used as a textbook in the General Staff Academy of Russian military.
