The Erie BayHawks are an American professional basketball team of the NBA G League and an affiliate of the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association.
 Based in Erie, Pennsylvania, the team will play their home games during the 2017–18 and 2018–19 seasons at the Erie Insurance Arena.
 The Atlanta Hawks currently plan to relocate their G League franchise to College Park, Georgia, before the 2019–20 season to play at a new arena in the Georgia International Convention Center.
 The team became the sixteenth D-League team to be owned by an NBA team.
The Long Island Nets are an American professional basketball team of the NBA G League and an affiliate of the National Basketball Association (NBA)'s Brooklyn Nets.
 Based in Nassau County, the team plays their home games at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York.
 The Nets became the twelfth D-League team to be owned by an NBA team.
Raptors 905 are a Canadian professional basketball team in the NBA G League.
 The team is based in Mississauga, Ontario, and began play in the 2015–16 season.
 The club, which is the G League affiliate of the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association, plays their home games at the Hershey Centre, replacing the Centre's former basketball tenant, the Mississauga Power of the National Basketball League of Canada.
 The team also plays occasional home games at the Air Canada Centre, the home of their parent club.
 Raptors 905 were the eighth D-League team to be owned by an NBA team and the first to be based outside the United States.
The Portland Trail Blazers, commonly known as the Blazers, are an American professional basketball team based in Portland, Oregon.
 The Trail Blazers compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member club of the league's Western Conference Northwest Division.
 The team played its home games in the Memorial Coliseum before moving to Moda Center in 1995 (called the Rose Garden until 2013).
 The franchise entered the league as an expansion team in 1970, and has enjoyed a strong following: from 1977 through 1995, the team sold out 814 consecutive home games, the longest such streak in American major professional sports at the time, and only since surpassed by the Boston Red Sox.
 The Trail Blazers have been the only NBA team based in the bi-national Pacific Northwest, after the Vancouver Grizzlies relocated to Memphis and became the Memphis Grizzlies in 2001, and the Seattle SuperSonics relocated to Oklahoma City and became the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2008.
The Portland Trail Blazers, commonly known as the Blazers, are an American professional basketball team based in Portland, Oregon.
 They play in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The Trail Blazers originally played their home games in the Memorial Coliseum, before moving to the Rose Garden in 1995.
 The franchise entered the league in 1970, and Portland has been its only home city.
 The franchise has enjoyed a strong following; from 1977 through 1995, the team sold out 814 consecutive home games, the longest such streak in American major professional sports.
 The Trail Blazers are the only team in the major professional North American sports leagues located in the state of Oregon.
 The Trail Blazers are also currently the only NBA team based in the binational Pacific Northwest, after the Vancouver Grizzlies relocated to Memphis and became the Memphis Grizzlies in 2001, and the Seattle SuperSonics relocated to Oklahoma City and became the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2008.
The Greensboro Swarm are an American professional basketball team of the NBA G League and an affiliate of the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association.
 Based in Greensboro, North Carolina, the team plays their home games at the Greensboro Coliseum Fieldhouse.
 The team became the eleventh D-League team to be owned by an NBA team.
The Washington NBA G League team is an American professional basketball team in the NBA G League and an affiliate of the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association.
 Based in Washington, D.C., the team will play their home games during the 2018–19 season at the St. Elizabeths East Entertainment and Sports Arena.
 The team became the twenty-third G League team to be owned by an NBA team.
The Windy City Bulls are an American professional basketball team of the NBA G League and an affiliate of the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association.
 Based in northwest-suburban Hoffman Estates, Illinois, the team plays their home games at the Sears Centre, 25 miles from Chicago.
 The team became the thirteenth D-League team to be owned by an NBA team.
 The team is coached by Nate Loenser, former video coordinator with the Chicago Bulls.
The Boston Celtics are an American professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
 The Celtics compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Atlantic Division.
 Founded in 1946 and one of eight NBA teams (out of 23 total teams) to survive the league's first decade, the team is owned by Boston Basketball Partners LLC.
 The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden, which they share with the National Hockey League (NHL)'s Boston Bruins.
 The franchise's 17 championships are the most of any NBA team, and account for 24.3 percent of all NBA championships since the league's founding in 1946.
 As a percentage of championships won, the Celtics are the most successful franchise to date in the major four traditional North American professional sports leagues.
The Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team (formerly the Marquette Warriors) represents Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
 Marquette currently competes in the Big East.
 It last played in the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament in 2013, but was selected for the upcoming 2017 tournament.
 Marquette maintains rivalries and highly anticipated games with several other schools, including the University of Wisconsin–Madison, University of Louisville, University of Notre Dame, and DePaul University.
 The team plays its home games at the Bradley Center in downtown Milwaukee, where the Milwaukee Bucks NBA team also plays.
 Despite only having 8,000 undergraduates, Marquette was ranked 10th in average attendance among NCAA Division 1 teams in 2009 and 2010.
