The Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, known to the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) as the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Indians of Oregon is a federally recognized Native American tribal government based in Canyonville, Oregon, United States.
 The Cow Creek Band is also known as the Upper Umpqua.
 The tribe takes its name from Cow Creek, a tributary of the South Umpqua River.
The Menominee Restoration Act, signed by President of the United States Richard Nixon on December 22, 1973, returned federally recognized sovereignty to the Menominee Indian Tribe of Wisconsin.
 It also restored tribal supervision over property and members, as well as federal services granted to American Indian tribes.
 The Act officially repealed the "Termination Act" of 1954.
 It also called for the creation of the Menominee Restoration Committee, which would be responsible for drafting new tribal constitutions and serve as an interim authority until an officially elected tribal government was put into place.
 In addition, all Menominee Indians born after the termination of the action would be added to the tribal roll.
The Cherokee National Capitol, now the Cherokee Nation Courthouse, is a historic tribal government building at 101 South Muskogee Avenue in Tahlequah, Oklahoma.
 Completed in 1869, it served as the capitol building of the Cherokee Nation from 1869 to 1907, when Oklahoma became a state.
 It now serves as the site of the tribal supreme court and judicial branch.
 It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961 for its role in the Nation's history.
The Cherokee Nation (ᏣᎳᎩᎯ ᎠᏰᎵ, pronounced "Tsalagihi Ayeli") from 1794–1907 was a legal, autonomous, tribal government in North America recognized from 1794 to 1907.
 Often referred to simply as ""The Nation"" by its inhabitants, it should not be confused with what is known in the 21st century also as the Cherokee Nation.
Charles W. Blackwell (July 30, 1942 – January 2, 2013) was an American Chickasaw Nation diplomat and lawyer.
 He served as the first Ambassador of the Chickasaw Nation to the United States of America from 1995 until his death in 2013.
 Blackwell, who represented the Chickasaw Nation of the U.S. state of Oklahoma, was the first Ambassador of any Native American tribal government to the government of the United States.
The Squaxin Island Tribe (also Squaxin, Squaxon) is a Native American tribal government in western Washington state in the United States.
 The Squaxin Island Tribe is made up of several Lushootseed clans living along several inlets of southern Puget Sound:
The Cherokee Female Seminary, (not to be confused with the first Cherokee Female Seminary), serves as the centerpiece of Northeastern State University, located in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, United States.
 The building was constructed to replace the original Cherokee Female Seminary that burnt to the ground Easter Sunday 1887.
 The Cherokee Council chose to rebuild the school on a 40 acre site north of Tahlequah, near Hendricks Spring.
 Two years later, on May 7, 1889, the dedication ceremonies were held in honor of the new building.
 The Female Seminary was owned and operated by the Cherokee Nation until March 6, 1909 when the State Legislature of Oklahoma passed an act providing for the creation and location of Northeastern State Normal School at Tahlequah, Oklahoma, and for the purchase form the Cherokee Tribal Government of the building, land, and equipment of the Cherokee Female Seminary.
 At the start of the next academic year, on September 14, the first classes were held at the newly created Northeastern State Normal School, now Northeastern State University.
The constitutional process in Turkey begins with Sened-i İttifak in 1808 and continues today.
 Sened-i İttifak prepared by Alemdar Mustafa Pasha, in period of Mahmut II was signed on September 29, 1808 among Rumelian and Anatolian chief men and the Ottoman State in order to make the central authority dominant at the provinces.
 This document is agreed to the first "constitutional document" in the Turkish history, because for the first time in Turkish history with Sened-i İttifak in Ottoman the state power is gotten limited.
 Imperial Edict of Reorganization prepared by Mustafa Reshid Pasha on November 3, 1839 in period of Abdülmecit was declared.
 The sovereign with this imperial edict swore he was going to adapt to policies declared on imperial edict and laws to be put.
 Hatt-ı Hümayun that was complementary and reinforcing of this imperial edict was declared as "edict" in 1856 by Abdülmecit.
 Eggheads and writers growing up in the period of Tanzimat and known as The Young Ottomans began to defend constitutionalism government by being affected from Europe and they brought Abdülhamit II instead of him, by taking down Abdülaziz from throne in order to get constitutionalism declared.
 On December 23, 1876 it was passed to constitutionalism by being declared Kanun-i Esasî Mithat Pasha prepares.
 Kanun-i Esasî is amditted as a constitution according to criteria.
 In accordance with 113th article of Kanun-i Esasî that was the first constitution of Turkish history and consisting of 12 sections and 119 articles, the sovereign could suspend constitution on extraordinaries conditions.
 Abdülhamit II suspended constitution by showing why Russian wars in 1877.
 A result of the military insurrection in 1908, Abdülhamit II constituted the Constitution of 1876 again and so the period of Constitutionalism II began.
 it was made important changes on constitution in 1909 after Abdülhamit II taken down from throne after in 1909 31 March Incident happened.
 By these changes, Constitution of 1876 became a constitution of limited parliamentarian monarchy.
 With İstanbul is occupied on March 16, 1920 after Ottoman State is beat in World War I, Chamber of Deputies of the Ottoman Empire gathered for last time on March 18, 1920 and took a break from its workings.
 After Damad Ferid Pasha got Meclis-i Mebusan abrogated on April 11, 1920, on April 23, 1920 the first Grand National Assembly gathered in Ankara.
 The Assembly admitted Turkish Constitution of 1921.
 With changes made on law of Teşkilât-ı Esasîye that was only tender constitution of The Republic of Turkey elements such as regime, the religion, the language, the capital, president of the state were designated.
 because of officially not being repealed Kanun-i Esasi of 1876, Law of Teşkilât-ı Esasîye not detailed at degree to pay needs of a new state, new period Grand National Assembly of Turkey remained face to face with question to do a new constitution.
 New Law of Teşkilât-ı Esasîye ( Constitution of 1924) was admitted on day April 20, 1924.
 Constitution of 1924 is more pliant to Constitution of 1921 in the unity powers and a taken important step aimed at parliamentarin regime.
 Constitution of 1924 remained in effect until 1961.
 On May 27, 1960, a group of officers named National Union Committee confiscated management.
 By being founded Founder Assembly for being done a new constitution, new constitution was allowed to prepare this assembly.
 On July 9, 1961 referendum was performed and Constitution of 1961 by 61.5% in result of the vote was admitted.
 To ends of 1960s in Turkey result of political intensity events increase and these can not be obstructed Chief of Staff President and Force Commanders on 12 March 1971 forced Demirel prime minister of the period resignation.
 With Demiral resigns a "non-partisan" government in army support was founded and change on constitution was made.
 Army on 12 September 1980 because of 12 March Diplomatic Note does not give conclusions expected consfiscated management.
 "Founder Assembly" in order to make a constitution with law enacted on 29 June 1981 was created.
 This assembly that consisted of The Turkish National Security Council Consultation Assembly presented to public opinion on 7 November 1982 constitution it prepares.
 Constitution by 91.37% has been admitted and it has been published.
The Native American Venture Fund (NAVF) is a for-profit, Impact Investment Fund that partners with Native American Tribal Corporations to leverage the tribe’s economic and legal advantages in order to develop successful tribal business enterprises.
 These legal advantages are defined as Tribal Sovereignty which are based upon existing laws and treaties to ensure that U.S. state governments and the U.S. federal government live up to their legal obligations to the Native American Tribal Nations.
 NAVF's vision is to help all tribal nations become economically self-sufficient by providing access to business opportunities, capital, training and mentor-ship.
Mary Ann Green (1964 – January 8, 2017) was an American tribal leader and politician who served as the Chairwoman of the Augustine Band of Cahuilla Indians, a federally recognized Cahuilla band of Native Americans based in Coachella, California, from 1988 until 2016.
 Under Green, who was first elected chairperson in 1988, the Augustine Band of Cahuilla Indians established a tribal government in 1994 and resettled their reservation, located in Coachella, in 1996.
 She also oversaw the development and establishment of the Augustine Casino, which opened in 2002.
 Through the casino, the small Augustine Band of Cahuilla Indians is now one of the largest employers in the Coachella Valley, as of 2017.
