The discography of English alternative music singer/songwriter Badly Drawn Boy (real name Damon Gough) includes eight studio albums (including two soundtracks), one compilation, six extended plays and twenty-one singles.
 The first EP and several singles were released on Gough's own label "Twisted Nerve", which he started with like-minded Manchester musician Andy Votel.
 Badly Drawn Boy rose in popularity in 1997 when he joined the likes of Thom Yorke, Richard Ashcroft, and Mike D on the celebrity-filled UNKLE album "Psyence Fiction".
 Due to the mild UK chart success of the 1999 single "Once Around the Block", XL Recordings signed up Badly Drawn Boy to release the debut album "The Hour of Bewilderbeast" in 2000.
 The album won critical praise and Britain's acclaimed Mercury Prize for Best Album.
 The album caught the attention of author Nick Hornby who then asked Gough to score the film being made for his book "About a Boy".
Soulfire came at a time when Tom Hingley (ex-frontman of Inspiral Carpets) was at an all-time low contemplating his career, the future and having doubts that he was good enough to make a stab at a solo career.
 Damon Gough (aka Badly Drawn Boy) persuaded Tom that you've just got to follow that gut instinct and go for what you believe in.
 After the release of the critically acclaimed solo acoustic 2000 album, Keep Britain Untidy, this return to a full band rock album allowed a base to build on and showed off the voice that had been hidden amongst the Inspiral's trademark organ sound.
"Something to Talk About" is a song by British musical artist Badly Drawn Boy from About a Boy.
 It was released as a single on 30 July 2002.
 It peaked at number 28 on the UK Singles Chart.
Under an Hour is the second full-length album from Portland-based experimental pop/rock group Menomena.
 The album was originally composed and performed as accompaniment for a performance by Portland dance company Monster Squad.
 Consisting of three instrumental tracks, the album is considered to be an experimental soundtrack along the lines of Peter Gabriel's or Badly Drawn Boy's soundtrack for "About a Boy".
Craig Davies is an English singer/songwriter from Manchester, who was active from 1988 to 1990 and release two albums on the Rough Trade music label.
 He was at one point vocalist for the band Easterhouse but left after signing a solo deal with Rough Trade.
 He has also collaborated with Vini Reilly, Ben Watt and Badly Drawn Boy.
"Silent Sigh" is a single by British musical artist Badly Drawn Boy from the soundtrack to the film "About a Boy".
 It reached number 16 in the UK Singles Chart.
About a Boy is the second album by English singer-songwriter Badly Drawn Boy, released in 2002 under Twisted Nerve Records and XL Recordings, and in America under the short-lived ARTISTdirect Records, as the soundtrack to the film "About a Boy".
 Gough was chosen to compose and perform the entire soundtrack.
The Hour of Bewilderbeast is the debut studio album by British musician Badly Drawn Boy, released on 26 June 2000.
 Damon Gough, who performs as Badly Drawn Boy, wrote, produced, and played several instruments on the album's eighteen tracks, several of which also feature accompaniment by members of the British indie rock bands Alfie and Doves.
 "The Hour of Bewilderbeast" was released to great critical acclaim and went on to win the 2000 Mercury Prize, and has sold 455,000 copies in the United Kingdom as of September 2011.
About a Boy is a 2002 British-American-French comedy-drama film produced by Jane Rosenthal, Robert De Niro, Brad Epstein, Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner, co-written and directed by brothers Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz with music by Badly Drawn Boy and written by Peter Hedges.
 It is an adaptation of the 1998 novel of the same name by Nick Hornby.
 The film stars are Hugh Grant, Nicholas Hoult, Toni Collette, and Rachel Weisz.
 The film at times uses double voice-over narration, when the audience hears both Will's and Marcus's thoughts.
Tom Rothrock is an international record producer, composer, musician and owner of Bong Load Records.
 Tom Rothrock has worked with James Blunt, Foo Fighters, Moby, Beck, Badly Drawn Boy, R. L. Burnside, Athlete, Sloan, Gwen Stefani, Motörhead, Elbow, Stevie Nicks, Poison, Elliott Smith, Richard Thompson, Yonder Mountain String Band.
 Rothrock has also composed or contributed to soundtracks for notable motion pictures such as "About A Boy", "Good Will Hunting", "Collateral" and "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie".
