New Urban Entertainment Television (NUE-TV) was an American cable network targeted toward African-American audiences.
 It was a direct competitor to Black Entertainment Television (BET), but was aiming for a more mature audience with more news.
 It operated between July 17, 2000 and October 31, 2002 and reached close to 3 million subscribers.
 In 2003, it was permanently shut down due to financial difficulties.
 A big investor was Radio One and many employees came from BET.
9 to 5, or working time, is the standard work hours for many employees.
IGATE is an IT services company, headquartered in Bridgewater, New Jersey, United States.
 The firm operates in North America, Asia, Europe, Japan and Australia, providing technology consultancy and services.
 Its revenues in 2014 were over US$1.2 billion, and it has a workforce of over 31,000.
 The firm has over 70 offices and customer delivery centers in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia.
 On April 27, 2015 French IT services group Capgemini unveiled a deal to acquire IGATE in a $4bn deal.
Cash cow is business jargon for a business venture that generates a steady return of profits that far exceed the outlay of cash required to acquire or start it.
 Many businesses attempt to create or acquire such ventures, since they can be used to boost a company's overall income and to support less profitable endeavors.
Abbalagere was previously a Tobacco growing village, but now farmers are growing more Aracanut and plantation crops.
 Paddy, maize, vegetables are major crops.
 Most of farmers in the village are medium land holders.
 The village is close to Shimoga city, so many employees commute daily between the city and the village for work.
In a large organisation with many employees, there is frequently an internal mail system.
 The post room sorts the incoming mail and the 'mailboy' takes it around on a trolly to the various pigeon-holes and direct to the desks of important people.
American Hot Rod was a reality television series that originally aired between 2004 and 2008 on The Learning Channel and Discovery Channel.
 The unique series documented the crew at Boyd Coddington's car shop and their personal struggles to build hot rods and custom vehicles.
 It was made on location at Coddington's hot rod and wheel shop in La Habra, California.
 Many employees went to work for "Overhaulin'"s Chip Foose, a former partner of Coddington.
Al Khor is a coastal city in northern Qatar, located 50 kilometres north of the capital, Doha.
 It is the capital city of the municipality of Al Khor.
 The name of the city means creek in Arabic as the town is located on a creek.
 Al Khor is home to many employees of the oil industry due to its proximity to Qatar's northern oil and natural gas fields, and due to its proximity to the Ras Laffan Industrial City.
Pondville State Hospital, located in Norfolk, Massachusetts, opened in 1927 as a state-operated hospital to treat cancer patients and do research on the prevention and cure of cancer.
 It was located in buildings of the former Norfolk State Hospital, which served the mentally ill and drug addicted from 1912 to 1922.
 Pondville provided surgical services, residency training, training for Licensed Practical Nurses (from 1949), and outpatient care (St 1959, c 494).
 From the 1920's to the 1960's, facilities included on-site housing for many employees in separate multi-unit "cottages".
 New hospital buildings were constructed in the 1960s but as the state deemphasized direct patient care, it was agreed to sell the facility to the privately owned Norwood Hospital in 1981.
Mattress Giant Corporation was an American retailing company and mattress store chain founded in 1986 in Miami, Florida.
 The company was based in Addison, Texas.
 In 2012 it was announced Mattress Firm would acquire all Mattress Giant locations in the U.S in a $47 million deal, virtually all Mattress Giant locations will convert to Mattress Firm.
 Some stores were converted to Sleepy's which were later converted to Mattress Firm.
 The deal closed in July 2012 and it effectively ended Mattress Giant's presence as a bedding retailer.
 The website was operated through December 2012; and it delivered mattress related products to houses.
