The Night of the Long Knives (German:    ), also called Operation Hummingbird (German: "Unternehmen Kolibri") or, in Germany, the Röhm Putsch (German spelling: "Röhm-Putsch" ), was a purge that took place in Nazi Germany from June 30 to July 2, 1934, when the Nazi regime carried out a series of political extrajudicial executions intended to consolidate Hitler's absolute hold on power in Germany.
 Many of those killed were leaders of the "Sturmabteilung" (SA), the Nazis' own paramilitary organization, colloquially known as the "Brownshirts" due to the color of their uniforms.
 The best-known victim of the purge was Ernst Röhm, the SA's leader and one of Hitler's longtime supporters and allies.
 Leading members of the left-wing Strasserist faction of the Nazi Party (NSDAP), along with its figurehead, Gregor Strasser, were also killed, as were establishment conservatives and anti-Nazis, such as former Chancellor Kurt von Schleicher and Bavarian politician Gustav Ritter von Kahr, who had suppressed Adolf Hitler's Munich Beer Hall Putsch in 1923.
 The murders of SA leaders were also intended to improve the image of the Hitler government with a German public that was increasingly critical of thuggish Brownshirt tactics.
Catholic bishops in Nazi Germany differed in their responses to the rise of Nazi Germany, World War II, and the Holocaust during the years 1933–1945.
 In the 1930s, the Episcopate of the Catholic Church of Germany comprised 6 Archbishops and 19 bishops while German Catholics comprised around one third of the population of Germany served by 20,000 priests.
 In the lead up to the 1933 Nazi takeover, German Catholic leaders were outspoken in their criticism of Nazism.
 Following the Nazi takeover, the Catholic Church sought an accord with the Government, was pressured to conform, and faced persecution.
 The regime had flagrant disregard for the Reich concordat with the Holy See, and the episcopate had various disagreements with the Nazi government, but it never declared an official sanction of the various attempts to overthrow the Hitler regime.
 Ian Kershaw wrote that the churches "engaged in a bitter war of attrition with the regime, receiving the demonstrative backing of millions of churchgoers.
 Applause for Church leaders whenever they appeared in public, swollen attendances at events such as Corpus Christi Day processions, and packed church services were outward signs of the struggle of ... especially of the Catholic Church - against Nazi oppression".
 While the Church ultimately failed to protect its youth organisations and schools, it did have some successes in mobilizing public opinion to alter government policies.
Karl Ernst Haushofer (27 August 1869 – 10 March 1946) was a German general, geographer and politician.
 Through his student Rudolf Hess, Haushofer's ideas influenced the development of Adolf Hitler's expansionist strategies, although Haushofer denied direct influence on the Nazi regime.
 Under the Nuremberg Laws, Haushofer's wife and children were categorized as "Mischlinge".
 His son, Albrecht, was issued a German Blood Certificate through the help of Hess.
Adolf Hitler (20 April 1889 – 30 April 1945) was the leader of the National Socialist German Workers' Party and Chancellor of Nazi Germany from 1933 (Führer from 1934) to 1945.
 Hitler has been represented in popular culture ever since he became a well-known politician in Germany.
 His distinctive image was often parodied by his opponents.
 Parodies became much more prominent outside Germany during his period in power.
 Since the end of World War II representations of Hitler, both serious and satirical, have continued to be prominent in popular culture, sometimes generating significant controversy.
 In many periodicals, books, and movies, Hitler and Nazism fulfill the role of archetypal evil.
 This treatment is not confined to fiction but is widespread amongst nonfiction writers who have discussed him in this vein.
 Hitler has retained a fascination from other perspectives; among many comparable examples is an exhibition at the German Historical Museum which was widely attended.
Rudolf Walter Richard Hess (Heß in German; 26 April 1894 – 17 August 1987), was a prominent politician in Nazi Germany.
 Appointed Deputy Führer to Adolf Hitler in 1933, he served in this position until 1941, when he flew solo to Scotland in an attempt to negotiate peace with the United Kingdom during World War II.
 He was taken prisoner and eventually was convicted of crimes against peace, serving a life sentence until his suicide.
The Hitler Cabinet "de jure" formed the government of Nazi Germany between 30 January 1933 and 30 April 1945 upon the appointment of Adolf Hitler as Chancellor of the German Reich by president Paul von Hindenburg – contrived by the national conservative politician Franz von Papen, who reserved the office of the Vice-Chancellor for himself.
 Originally Hitler's first cabinet was called "the Reich Cabinet of national salvation", which was a coalition of Hitler's Nazi Party and the national conservative German National People's Party, it became an exclusively Nazi cabinet when the DNVP was intimidated into dissolving itself.
There was widespread support for animal welfare in Nazi Germany among the country's leadership.
 Adolf Hitler and his top officials took a variety of measures to ensure animals were protected.
 Many Nazi leaders, including Hitler and Hermann Göring, were supporters of animal rights and conservation.
 Several Nazis were environmentalists, and species protection and animal welfare were significant issues in the Nazi regime.
 Heinrich Himmler made an effort to ban the hunting of animals.
 Göring was a professed animal lover and conservationist, who, on instructions from Hitler, committed Germans who violated Nazi animal welfare laws to concentration camps.
 In his private diaries, Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels described Hitler as a vegetarian whose hatred of the Jewish and Christian religions in large part stemmed from the ethical distinction these faiths drew between the value of humans and the value of other animals; Goebbels also mentions that Hitler planned to ban slaughterhouses in the German Reich following the conclusion of World War II.
Nazi Germany is the common English name for the period in German history from 1933 to 1945, when Germany was governed by a dictatorship under the control of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party (NSDAP).
 Under Hitler's rule, Germany was transformed into a totalitarian state in which the Nazi Party controlled nearly all aspects of life.
 The official name of the state was "Deutsches Reich" from 1933 to 1943 and "Großdeutsches Reich" ("Greater German Reich") from 1943 to 1945.
 The period is also known under the names the Third Reich (German: "Drittes Reich" ) and the National Socialist Period (German: "Zeit des Nationalsozialismus" , abbreviated as "NS-Zeit").
 The Nazi regime came to an end after the Allied Powers defeated Germany in May 1945, ending World War II in Europe.
During the final weeks of the Third Reich and the war in Europe, many civilians, government officials and military personnel throughout Nazi Germany committed suicide.
 Aside from high-ranking Nazi officials like Adolf Hitler, Joseph Goebbels, Heinrich Himmler, Philipp Bouhler and Martin Bormann, many others chose " Selbstmord" (German: "Self-murder" ) rather than accept the defeat of Germany.
 Studies have shown that the suicides were influenced through Nazi propaganda (reaction to the suicide of Adolf Hitler), the tenets of the Nazi Party, and the anticipated reprisals following the Allied occupation of Nazi Germany.
 For example in April 1945, at least 1,000 people killed themselves and others within 72 hours as the Red Army neared the East German town of Demmin.
Otto Maull (8 May 1887 – 16 December 1957) was a German geographer and geopolitician.
 He taught human geography at University of Graz, in Austria, and was the author of several books, including "("Political geography"" 1925, ""Introduction in to geopolitics"", 1928, etc.).
 He spent time in Latin America, about which he wrote extensively in a series of papers.
 He was a co-founder and co-editor of Zeitschrift, and subscribed to the theory of the organic state as a collection of spatial cells (regions, cities etc.), each with a life of its own.
 Maull was at one time part of a team led by former military commander and political geographer Karl Haushofer.
 Haushofer was a close associate of Rudolf Hess and called for Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union and Japan to form a Eurasian panregion.
