The Roar was established by brothers Zac and Zolton Zavos in late 2007 and is currently owned by their company Conversant Media Pty Ltd.
 In December 2010, Network Ten became a minority investor.
 It combines sports experts contributions with fan written articles.
 In June 2016, it had 156 expert commentators.
 Each month the Roar publishes about 1,000 articles from experts and fans.The main sports covered by The Roar are rugby union, rugby league, AFL, cricket, Football, Olympic Games, horse racing, motor sports, tennis and cycling.
 The website has over 1.1 million unique visitors a month and over 50,000 comments.
Rutube is a web video streaming service targeted at Russian speakers.
 The web site includes videos created by private individuals and licensed programming from entertainment companies that are hosted directly on Rutube, and videos that have been viewed on Facebook.
 As of April 2012, just under 14.5 million unique users per month viewed video clips hosted on Rutube (from a subset of Russian users aged 12–54).
 Rutube's overall monthly global traffic, as reported by representatives from Rutube, consists of 30 million unique visitors who viewed over 168 million video clips.
Kerwin Swint (born March 21, 1962) is an American political scientist and author, known for his research and writing in the fields of political campaigns, mass media, and political history.
 He or his work has appeared in a number of national and international media, including CNN, FOX News, the BBC, the ABC program The View, The Wall Street Journal, The Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, NPR, The Toronto Star, The Daily Mail (UK), The Guardian (UK), National Journal, Mental Floss, Publishers Weekly, Salon, Slate, The Chronicle of Higher Education, and numerous other media.
Hubert Thieblot is a French businessman who founded Curse, Inc. in 2005 and has operated as the CEO since then.
 During his tenure, he has overseen the expansion of the Curse network into wikis, news, video content, and desktop applications including Curse Client and Curse Voice.
 In 2013, his network of sites was estimated to have garnered in excess of 30 million unique visitors per month.
 In addition to his work with Curse, Thieblot also speaks at industry related events as a guest speaker, and has spoken at the 2011 Montgomery Technology Conference and the Login 2011 Conference.
ivi.ru is a leading Russian online video streaming service which offers licensed video content, including more than 65,000 titles of movies, TV shows, cartoons and music videos.
 ivi.ru is the most popular service and the largest player in this segment in Russia, attracting more than 19 million unique visitors per month and generating more than 150 million hits per month.
Hybrid is a digital publishing company with a range of websites focused on Asia and other emerging markets.
 By Q2 2017, the portfolio reported to achieve 8.5 million unique monthly visitors whose main audience is 18-35-year-old readers within international education, technology, travel, news, sustainability, environment, politics and investment.
 Hybrid has 65+ staff across Malaysia, Australia and the UK.
 Previously named Hybrid News, the company rebranded in July 2017 to “Hybrid” citing their plans to grow to 20 million unique visitors per month by the end of the following year.
 In January 2018, it plans to open a new office in Boston, USA.
 By the end of 2016 Hybrid’s revenue exceeded £2.5 million, which is up 69% on 2015.
The International Business Times is an American online news publication that publishes seven national editions and four languages.
 The publication, sometimes called IBTimes or IBT, offers news, opinion and editorial commentary on business and commerce.
 IBT is one of the world's largest online news sources; IBT's 2014 media kit claims that its online properties receive 40 million unique visitors each month.
 Its 2013 revenues were around $21 million.
Care.com is a public corporation headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, that helps families find child care, senior care, special needs care, tutoring, pet care, housekeeping, etc.
 The site has 22 million members across 19 countries, and attracts 6.4 million unique visitors a month, with a new job posted every 30 seconds.
 It has raised $111 million in venture funding and went public on January 24, 2014.
Mental Floss (stylized mental_floss) is an American digital, print, and e-commerce media company focused on millennials.
 It is owned by Dennis Publishing and based in New York City.
 mentalfloss.com, which presents facts, puzzles, and trivia with a humorous tone, draws 20.5 million unique users a month.
 Its YouTube channel produces three weekly series and has 1.3 million subscribers.
 The magazine "mental_floss" has a circulation of 160,000 and publishes six issues a year.
 In October 2015, "Mental Floss" teamed with the National Geographic Channel for its first televised special, "Brain Surgery Live with" mental_floss, the first brain surgery ever broadcast live.
Crain's Chicago Business is a weekly business newspaper in Chicago.
 It is owned by Detroit-based Crain Communications, a privately held publishing company with more than 30 magazines, including "Advertising Age", "Modern Healthcare", "Crain's New York Business", "Crain's Detroit Business", "Crain's Cleveland Business", and "Automotive News".
 It has a print circulation of 53,313 and a readership of 219,693 per week.
 ChicagoBusiness.com, the paper's digital equivalent, draws over 1 million unique visitors per month and over 2.2 million page views per month.
