Sumona Chakravarti is an Indian film and Television actress who began her acting career at the age of 10 through Aamir Khan and Manisha Koirala starrer "Mann" in the year 1999.
 In the next few years she did quite a few television shows but her big breakthrough happened in 2011 when she played the role of Natasha in "Bade Achhe Lagte Hain", a television show produced by Balaji Telefilms.
 In the following year she participated in the comedy show "Kahani Comedy Circus Ki" on Sony Entertainment Television with Kapil Sharma and the duo emerged as the winners of the show.
 From there on began her professional partnership with Kapil Sharma that is still going on.
 From June 2013 to January 2016 she was seen as Manju Sharma in Comedy Nights with Kapil where she played the role of Kapil Sharma's wife.
 After wrapping up "Comedy Nights with Kapil" on Colors TV, Kapil Sharma began his new show called The Kapil Sharma Show on Sony Entertainment Television (India) in April 2016 in which Sumona Chakravarti is seen playing the role of Sarla Gulati, a girl deeply in love with her neighbour Kapil Sharma.
Kapil Sharma (born 2 April 1981) (birth name Kapil Punj) is an Indian stand-up comedian, television presenter, actor and producer.
 He hosted a television comedy show "Comedy Nights with Kapil" from June 2013 to January 2016.
 Currently, he is hosting another comedy show on Sony Entertainment Television named "The Kapil Sharma Show".
 He first appeared in the Forbes India Celebrity list in 2012, ranked 69th.
Lock is a 2016 Indian Punjabi-language film directed by Smeep Kang, written by Pali Bhupinder Singh and starring Gippy Grewal, Gurpreet Ghuggi, Geeta Basra, Karamjit Anmol & Smeep Kang as the main protagonist of the film and released worldwide on 14 October 2016.
 The film is a remake of Malayalam film "Shutter".
Sudesh Lehri is an Indian stand-up comedian, film, and television actor.
 He participated in the 2007 comedy show "The Great Indian Laughter Challenge III" in 2007.
 He was a second runner up in the show after Kapil Sharma and Chandan Prabhakar.
 He then participated in the TV show, "Comedy Circus", as a contestant partnering with Krushna Abhishek.
 Together, they won three seasons and quickly garnered popularity as "Krushna-Sudesh".
 The duo appeared on "Comedy Nights Bachao,Comedy nights live & Comedy nights taza".
 His new show is The Drama company on Sony Entertainment Television where he is seen with Bollywood legend Mithun Chakraborty
Chandan Prabhakar is an Indian stand-up Comedian.
 He was the first runner up in The Great Indian Laughter Challenge 3.
 He had played Various roles in Comedy Nights with Kapil On Colors and now plays the role of tea-stall owner Chandu in The Kapil Sharma Show which airs on Sony TV.
Prabhakar is known as a comedian who fill laughter in the air by his sense of humour.
 He is best friend of Kapil Sharma.
 Sharma and Prabhakar are childhood friends and worked together in the The Great Indian Laughter Challenge 3, Comedy Nights with Kapil and The Kapil Sharma Show
Sunil Grover (born 3 August 1977) is an Indian actor and stand-up comedian He has acted in many comedy shows but gained popularity on the Comedy nights with Kapil Show, for his portrayal of a character called Gutthi.
 Other popular characters portrayed by him have been Dr. Mashoor Gulati and Rinku bhabhi on The Kapil Sharma Show
Vaisakhi List (Punjabi: ਵਿਸਾਖੀ ਲਿਸਟ ) is a 2016 Punjabi film directed by Smeep Kang and starring Jimmy Shergill, Shruti Sodhi and Sunil Grover as the main cast and the film was released on 22 April 2016.
Smeep Kang is a Punjabi actor, film producer and director.
 He graduated from Punjab University with a degree in Chemical Engineering.
 He is well known for directing the Punjabi comedy films Chak De Phatte (2008), Carry On Jatta (2012), Lucky Di Unlucky Story (2013).
Lucky Di Unlucky Story is a 2013 Punjabi comedy film directed by Smeep Kang, and featuring Gippy Grewal, Jaswinder Bhalla, Gurpreet Ghuggi and Binnu Dhillon in lead roles; the group earlier came together for 2012 Punjabi comedy "Carry On Jatta".
 The story is based on the lives of ladiesman Lucky; and his three married friends and how they enchance minor trouble.
 The film released on 26 April 2013 and became an instant blockbuster at the Indian box office apparently.
 Smeep Kang copied the script of this film from Tamil blockbuster Panchathanthiram starring Kamal Haasan & Simran.
 Panchathanthiram's story was written by Kamal Haasan & Crazy Mohan.
Bhaji in Problem (Punjabi: ਭਾਜੀ ਇਨ ਪ੍ਰਾਬਲਮ ) is a 2013 Indian Punjabi-language comedy film directed by Smeep Kang, who had earlier directed films like "Carry on Jatta" and "Lucky Di Unlucky Story", both of which featured Gippy Grewal in the lead role.
 Grewal also appears in this film, along with an ensemble cast including Ragini Khanna, Gurpreet Ghuggi, B.N. Sharma, Karamjit Anmol, Japji Khaira, Khushboo Grewal and Misha Bajwa amongst others.
 The film is produced by Ashvini Yardi, and Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar who also appears in the film shortly, enacting as a lookalike of himself.
