Batman: Return of the Joker, known in Japan as Dynamite Batman (ダイナマイトバットマン , Dainamaito Battoman ) , is a 1991 platform video game, the follow-up to Sunsoft's on the Nintendo Entertainment System.
 Unlike that game, which was based on the 1989 Batman film directed by Tim Burton, "Return of the Joker" is entirely self-contained and based more on the modern comic book iteration of Batman.
 However, Batman mans the Batmobile from the 1989 film.
 A remake of "Return of the Joker", titled Batman: Revenge of the Joker, was released on the Sega Genesis by Ringler Studios in 1992.
 A Super NES version of "Revenge of the Joker" was in development, but never released.
"Crazy for You" is a song by American singer Madonna from the soundtrack album to the 1985 film "Vision Quest".
 It was released on March 2, 1985 by Geffen Records as the first single from the soundtrack.
 The song appears remixed on the greatest hits compilation "The Immaculate Collection" (1990) and was re-released on February 24, 1991 by Sire Records to promote the album.
 The song was also included on the ballads compilation "Something to Remember" (1995) and the greatest hits compilation "Celebration" (2009).
 Producers Jon Peters and Peter Guber, along with music director Phil Ramone, decided to use Madonna after listening to her previous recordings, employing John Bettis and Jon Lind to write the song.
 After reading the script of the film, Bettis and Lind wrote the song about the situation in which the lead characters meet at a nightclub.
 Initial recording sessions did not impress Bettis and Lind, and they felt that "Crazy for You" would be dropped from the soundtrack.
 However, a new version was recorded to their liking.
God Loves, Man Kills was One King Down's second release but first full-length album.
 It was released on December 8, 1998, through Equal Vision Records.
 Featuring new singer Jon Peters (who would eventually be replaced by original One King Down vocalist, Rob Fusco, this record saw One King Down attempt to merge funk and skiffle into their sound.
 The results received mixed reactions.
Batman: Original Motion Picture Score is the score album for the 1989 film "Batman" by Danny Elfman.
 According to the "Batman" DVD Special Edition, Elfman said that producer Jon Peters was not sure about him as a composer until Tim Burton made him play the main titles.
 Elfman admitted he was stunned when Peters announced that the score would be released on its own album, as releasing a separate score album for a film was something that was rarely done in the 1980s.
 Elfman's "The Batman Theme" went on to become an iconic piece.
 It served as the basis for the theme music of "", which premiered in 1992, although this was later changed.
 Some parts of the Elfman score are also heard in "", "" and "".
 Parts are also played in the queue, and on the station platform of Batman the Ride at various Six Flags theme parks.
Batman is a 1989 American superhero film directed by Tim Burton and produced by Jon Peters and Peter Guber, based on the DC Comics character of the same name.
 It is the first installment of Warner Bros.' initial "Batman" film series.
 The film stars Michael Keaton as Bruce Wayne/Batman and Jack Nicholson as The Joker, alongside Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl, Pat Hingle, Billy Dee Williams, Michael Gough and Jack Palance.
 The film takes place early in the title character's war on crime, and depicts a battle with his arch-nemesis the Joker.
Batman Forever is a 1995 film in the Batman film series.
Batman vs. Two-Face is an upcoming 2017 American animated direct-to-video superhero film produced by Warner Bros.
 Animation and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Home Entertainment.
 It is a sequel to "".
 It will premiere at the New York Comic Con on October 8, 2017 and will be followed by a digital release on October 10, 2017 and on DVD and Blu-ray on October 17, 2017.
 Based on the 1960s "Batman" TV series, the film stars Adam West (in his final role before his death), Burt Ward and Julie Newmar reprising their roles of Batman, Robin and Catwoman from the series.
 The film will show a tribute to the late Adam West.
 This could also be the final time Warner Bros.
 Animation would make a 1960s Batman film.
"The Man Who Falls" is a 1989 comic book story by Dennis O'Neil and Dick Giordano.
 It is an overview of Bruce Wayne's early life, including his parents' murder, his time spent traveling and training throughout the world, and his return to Gotham City to become Batman.
 Sixteen years later, the story became the structural basis for "Batman Begins", which rebooted the Batman film franchise in 2005.
Batman is the eleventh studio album by American recording artist Prince and the soundtrack album to the 1989 film "Batman".
 It was released on June 20, 1989 by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 As a Warner Bros. stablemate, Prince's involvement in the soundtrack was designed to leverage the media company's contract-bound talent as well as fulfill the artist's need for a commercial (if not critical) revival.
 The result was yet another multi-platinum successful cross-media enterprise by Warner Bros., in the vein of "Purple Rain".
 The album was No. 1 on the "Billboard" albums chart for six consecutive weeks.
 It has sold over eleven million copies worldwide.
 In 2016, film critic Matt Zoller Seitz praised Prince's songs and music videos for "Batman", more so than the film itself, stating that his songs "suggest a goofy, perverse, sensuous, somewhat introverted Batman film that so far we've never gotten from anyone", and arguing that Prince's music videos "are more psychologically perceptive than any of the Batman films."
ButterFly is the sixteenth studio album by American singer Barbra Streisand.
 It was released on October 1, 1974 by Columbia Records.
 After releasing "The Way We Were" earlier in 1974, a collection predominantly consisting of previously released songs, Streisand recorded her first album of entirely new material in over three years.
 Recorded throughout 1974 and primarily a contemporary pop record, it also incorporates music from the reggae and R&B genres.
 All of the tracks on "ButterFly" are cover songs produced by Streisand's then-boyfriend Jon Peters, originating from artists like Bob Marley, David Bowie, Evie Sands, and Graham Nash.
