Truelove's Gutter is the sixth studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released on 21 September 2009 in the UK and on 22 September 2009 in the US.
 The album title refers to an ancient street in Hawley's native Sheffield, now thought to be the location of present-day Castle Street, which was allegedly named after 18th-century innkeeper Thomas Truelove, who used charge local people to dump their rubbish in the gutter in the street that then flowed down to the River Don.
 Thematically, "Truelove's Gutter" is Richard's darkest album to date.
 Richard told the BBC that the album was inspired by particularly dark periods in his life and those of others.
 The album features some uncommon instrumentation, such as the waterphone, megabass, and cristal baschet.
Standing at the Sky's Edge is the seventh studio album from English musician Richard Hawley, released in the UK on 7 May 2012 and in the US on 28 August 2012.
 The album is markedly different from Hawley's previous efforts, often relinquishing softer instrumentation in favour of squalling guitars.
 As with all of Hawley's previous albums, the title obliquely refers to a location in his native city of Sheffield, in this case Skye Edge, a hillside area with views over the city centre and formerly known for its crime-ridden estates but largely redeveloped in the mid-2000s.
Lowedges is the third studio album from musician Richard Hawley.
 It was released in the UK in February 2003 by Setanta Records.
 It is named after a district in Hawley's home city of Sheffield.
Doug Grean is an American record producer, audio engineer, guitarist, based in Los Angeles.
 He has worked with artists Sheryl Crow, Ricki Lee Jones, Glen Campbell, Scott Weiland, Slash, Velvet Revolver, Stone Temple Pilots, The Crystal Method, Tim McGraw, Cyndi Lauper, Annabella Lwin (Bow Wow Wow), Corey Glover (Living Color), Camp Freddy, DJ Hurricane and John Taylor (Duran Duran).
 Grean was formerly the lead guitarist and touring musical director for Scott Weiland and the Wildabouts.
 Some of Grean's television appearances with Weiland include: VH1 Legends, Last Call with Carson Daly, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and the Grammy awards with Velvet Revolver as keyboardist, performing "All Across the Universe" with Stevie Wonder, Norah Jones, Bono, Steven Tyler, Brian Wilson, and Alison Krauss.
Lady's Bridge is the fifth studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released on 20 August 2007 in the UK and on 9 October 2007 in the US.
 The album follows his 2005 Mercury Music Prize-nominated album "Coles Corner".
 It is named after the landmark location of Lady's Bridge in Hawley's hometown of Sheffield, an old bridge over the River Don that historically connected the rich and poor parts of the town.
 Hawley told "Uncut" magazine that "the title is a metaphor too; it's about leaving the past behind".
 The cover features a photograph, taken by Martin Parr, of Hawley and his guitar at the Club 60 music venue in Sheffield as a tribute to his father Dave who had died of lung cancer earlier that year: Dave Hawley had been a blues guitarist at the club in his youth, playing alongside Muddy Waters and John Lee Hooker.
A Compilation of Scott Weiland Cover Songs is a compilation album and third solo studio album by Stone Temple Pilots frontman Scott Weiland, released on August 30, 2011.
 The album consists entirely of cover songs, featuring an array of covers of artists that inspired Weiland, such as David Bowie, The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, and The Smiths.
 The album was originally set to be released together with Weiland's memoir "Not Dead & Not for Sale" but Weiland decided later to release the album by itself exclusively in digital format.
A Heavy Nite With... is the debut album by British band Relaxed Muscle fronted by Pulp's Jarvis Cocker, using the pseudonym Darren Spooner.
 The other member is Jason Buckle.
 It has been alleged that Jason Buckle is a pseudonym for Pulp guitarist Richard Hawley, but this is not the case - Hawley does contribute guitar to the album, however, under the pseudonym Wayne Marsden.
"Happy" in Galoshes is the second solo album by American rock singer Scott Weiland.
 Weiland, known for his roles as the lead singer in Stone Temple Pilots and Velvet Revolver, released his first album, "12 Bar Blues" in 1998.
 Ten years later, ""Happy" in Galoshes" served as the official follow-up.
 Two versions have been released, a single disc and double disc deluxe version—the deluxe edition offers a second disc of 10 extra tracks.
 The album was released November 25, 2008 on Weiland's own Softdrive Records.
 Produced by Doug Grean and Scott Weiland, with select tracks recorded by Steve Albini, the album features guest appearances by Paul Oakenfold and No Doubt members Adrian Young, Tony Kanal, and Tom Dumont.
 Oakenfold appears on a cover of David Bowie's "Fame."
 Weiland has cited Bowie as one of his main influences.
Scott Weiland and the Wildabouts (sometimes billed simply as The Wildabouts) were a rock and roll band formed sometime around 2012 by former Stone Temple Pilots and Velvet Revolver lead singer Scott Weiland, along with bassist Tommy Baker, guitarist Jeremy Brown, and multi-instrumentalist Doug Grean.
 The Wildabouts were marred with several roster changes (including the death of guitarist Jeremy Brown) and ultimately disbanded after Weiland's sudden death on a tour bus in late 2015.
Late Night Final is the second studio album (and first full-length album after the mini-album "Richard Hawley" released six months earlier) from musician Richard Hawley, released in the UK in October 2001 by Setanta Records.
 Named after the cry of vendors selling the "Sheffield Star" evening newspaper on the streets of his home city, it was released to positive reviews.
 A single, "Baby, You're My Light" was released from the album in February 2002, reaching #81 in the UK singles chart.
