The National Union was a short-lived South African political party founded in 1960 by Japie Basson after he was expelled from the ruling National Party.
 It was meant to provide a political home for Nationalists who had become disillusioned with J. G. Strydom and Hendrik Verwoerd's increasingly hard-line apartheid policies.
 Basson recruited former Chief Justice of South Africa Henry Allan Fagan to stand as the party's candidate for President in the 1961 general election, in which the party won 6.26% of the vote but only one parliamentary seat.
 The party soon fizzled out and was absorbed into the United Party.
Zollie Malindi (1924 – 21 April 2008) was a South African trade unionist and anti-apartheid activist.
 His life journey started in the small village of Gqogqora , near Tsomo in the former Transkei.
 While growing up, Zollie became aware of racial segregation.
 Years later, after completing his Teaching Training Diploma, he set off to look for work in Cape Town; but in those days it was not easy for an African male to find employment even with a professional's qualification.
 Zollie became actively involved in the African National Party (ANC) and the South African Communist Party (SACP) in the 1940s.
 As members of the ANC were encouraged to join unions, in no time, Zollie joined the Food and Canning Workers Union (FAWU) where he met political leaders like Oscar Mpetha and Ray Alexander.
 Zollie was a dedicated man and a powerful leader with a commanding presence and a high degree of responsibility.
 At the time of the ANC’s banning in 1960, Malindi was the Western Cape Provincial President.
 Following the passage of the 90-day detention laws in 1963, Malindi was arrested and detained together with Looksmart Ngudle, who was the first person to die in detention.
 In the years after his detention, Zollie became even more involved in the fight against apartheid and subsequently became a mentor to the younger generation of political activists that included well-known political figures such as former Minister of Finance Trevor Manuel.
 After the 1994 elections, Zollie continued working as a member of the ANC, but his declining health forced him to retire alongside his wife, activist Letitia Malindi.
 A day after his death in 2008, Zollie Malindi was awarded the Order of Luthuli by former South African president Thabo Mbeki in recognition of his contribution to the trade union movement.
The Democratic Party (DP) was the name of the South African political party now called the Democratic Alliance.
 Although the Democratic Party name dates from 1989, the party existed under other labels throughout the apartheid years, when it was the Parliamentary opposition to the ruling National Party's policies.
Clive John Derby-Lewis (22 January 1936 – 3 November 2016) was a South African politician, who was involved first in the National Party and then, while serving as a member of parliament, in the Conservative Party.
 He served a life sentence for his role in the assassination of South African Communist Party leader Chris Hani.
 He has been described as a "right-wing extremist" by the "Daily Telegraph"; and as someone who "even by South African standards...has acquired over the years a reputation as a rabid racist" by journalist and South Africa commentator John Carlin.
 He was described in 1988 by anti-apartheid opposition leader Harry Schwarz as the "biggest racist in Parliament".
The Lesotho Liberation Army (LLA) was a guerrilla movement in Lesotho, formed in the mid-1970s and connected to both the anti-Apartheid Azanian People's Liberation Army (APLA) and the South African National Party government.
 It was the armed wing of the Basutoland Congress Party (BCP), a pan-Africanist and left-wing political party founded in 1952, which opposed the regime of Prime Minister Leabua Jonathan.
Samuel Sisulu (June 1956 - June 2003) was a South African anti-apartheid activist, Soweto uprising student leader and founder of South African Freedom Organisation (SAFO).
 He was jailed at various prisons including Robben Island in 1978, two years after the 1976 Soweto uprising.
 Samuel Sisulu was charged under the Terrorism Act.
 Reported in WIP 3.
 He was mentioned in the indictment of Paul Langa and found guilty of founding South African Freedom Organisation (SAFO), attempting to cripple the economy of the country by bombing the apartheid government, inciting persons to persuade taxi drivers not to transport workers to place of work, aid strikes, unlawfully aid students in their fight against Bantu education and was also found guilty of recruiting people for military training.
The New Republic Party (NRP) was a South African political party.
 It was formed as the successor to the disbanded United Party (UP) in 1977 and as a merger with the smaller Democratic Party.
 It drew its support mainly from the then Province of Natal, and tried to strike a moderate course between the apartheid policy of the ruling National Party (NP) and the liberal policies of the Progressive Federal Party (PFP).
Letitia Sibeko (born 1930) was a South African anti-apartheid activist.
 She was member of the African National Congress, the ANC Women's League as well as the Federation of South African Women.
 She later joined the Communist Party.
Internal resistance to "apartheid" in South Africa originated from several independent sectors of society and alternatively took the form of social movements, passive resistance, or guerrilla warfare.
 Mass action against the ruling National Party government, coupled with South Africa's growing international isolation and economic sanctions, were instrumental factors in ending racial segregation and discrimination.
 Both black and white South African activists such as Steve Biko, Desmond Tutu, Nelson Mandela, Harry Schwarz, and Joe Slovo were involved with various anti-apartheid causes.
 By the 1980s, there was continuous interplay between violent and non-violent action, and this interplay was a notable feature of resistance against apartheid from 1983 until South Africa's first multiracial elections under a universal franchise in 1994.
The Democratic Party was a South African political party formed in 1973 by former Interior Minister Theo Gerdener after he broke away from the ruling National Party of South Africa.
 The party hoped to be a rallying point for the "verligte" (enlightened) Nationalists who had grown disillusioned with the hardline apartheid government of John Vorster and attracted support from younger Afrikaners.
 The party advocated liberalizing the country's apartheid laws to some degree and emancipating Asian and "Coloured" South Africans and had a goal of re-establishing South Africa as a confederation of ethnic groupings.
