Blackman-Bosworth Store, also known as Bosworth Store Building, S.N. Bosworth's Cheap Cash Store, David Blackman's Store, and Randolph County Museum, is a historic general store located at Beverly, Randolph County, West Virginia, United States.
 It consists of the original section, built about 1828, with an addition built in 1894.
 The original section is a two-story brick building on a cut-stone foundation.
 In addition to being operated as a general store into the 1920s, the building had short-term use as county courthouse, post office and semi-official meeting place.
 In 1973, the Randolph County Historical Society purchased the property, and it now serves as the Randolph County Museum and as a meeting place.
The Grange Hall in Somerset Township, Jackson County, Illinois, is the historic meeting place of Somerset Township's chapter of The Grange.
 Built in 1912, the building was Somerset Grange #1553's second meeting hall; the first building was built in 1876 and burned down in 1909.
 The red brick building was built by contractor W. A. Pitman in the Commercial style.
 The Grange Hall served as a meeting place for local farmers to discuss agricultural affairs and propose farm policy to legislators.
 The National Farmers Union's newspaper, the "Union Farmer", was published from the Somerset Grange Hall until 1914.
 The building also served as a local social center and hosted township elections, club meetings, and community events.
 The hall was rehabilitated in 1988; it still serves as a township polling place.
St James's Palace is the most senior royal palace in the United Kingdom.
 Located in the City of Westminster, although no longer the principal residence of the monarch, it is the ceremonial meeting place of the Accession Council and the London residence of several members of the royal family.
In the Canadian cabinet, the President of The Queen's Privy Council for Canada (French: "President du Conseil privé de la Reine pour le Canada" ) is nominally in charge of the Privy Council Office.
 The President of the Privy Council also has the largely ceremonial duty of presiding over meetings of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada, a body which only convenes in full for affairs of state such as the accession of a new Sovereign or the marriage of the Prince of Wales or heir presumptive to the Throne (see Monarchy in Canada).
 Accordingly, the last time the President of the Privy Council had to preside over a meeting of the Privy Council was in 1981 on the occasion of Charles, Prince of Wales' engagement to Lady Diana Spencer.
 It is the equivalent of the office of Lord President of the Council in the United Kingdom.
The original Brady Hotel, a three-story wood frame building, was built in 1903 at Archer and North Main in Tulsa, Oklahoma by W. Tate Brady.
 It was the first hotel in Tulsa with baths, conveniently located to the Frisco railroad depot, and very popular among the oil men attracted by the new oil discoveries at Glen Pool.
 This was also the meeting place where Charles N. Haskell announced his candidacy to become the first governor of the new state of Oklahoma.
 It also served as a meeting place for Democrats, who laid the groundwork to control the Constitutional Convention and maintain segregation.
Warriparinga (meaning "Windy Place" in the local Kaurna language) is a nature reserve comprising 3.5 ha in the metropolitan suburb of Bedford Park, in the southern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia.
 It has historical, cultural and environmental significance as a traditional Kaurna ceremonial meeting place and as a site of early European settlement.
 Also known as Fairford, Laffer's Triangle and the Sturt Triangle, Warriparinga is bordered by Marion Road, Sturt Road and South Road, and is traversed by the Sturt River as it exists from Sturt Gorge to travel west across the Adelaide Plains.
The Great Hall of the People is a state building located at the western edge of Tiananmen Square in Beijing.
 It is used for legislative and ceremonial activities by the People's Republic of China (PRC) government and the ruling Communist Party of China.
 The Great Hall functions as the meeting place for the full sessions of the Chinese parliament, the National People's Congress (NPC), which occurs every year during March along with the national session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), a political advisory body.
 It is also the meeting place of the National Congress of the Communist Party of China, which, since 1982, has occurred once every five years.
The Pollokshields Burgh Hall stands at the edge of Maxwell Park, Glasgow, Scotland.
 Designed by Henry Edward Clifford and constructed in 17th-century Scottish Baronial style, this was opened in 1890 by Sir John Stirling Maxwell as a Masonic Meeting Place and for the use of the community but served the independent burgh of Pollokshields only until 1891 when the rapidly expanding city swallowed up the area.
 The hall contained various council offices and a courtroom.
 It continues to this day as a Masonic meeting place, hence the numerous Masonic symbols in the carvings (especially at the back of the building) and in the stained-glass windows.
In the United Kingdom, the Accession Council is a ceremonial body which assembles in St James's Palace upon the death of a monarch (Demise of the Crown), to formally proclaim the accession of his or her successor to the throne.
 Under the terms of the Act of Settlement 1701, a new monarch succeeds automatically.
 The proclamation confirms by name the identity of the heir who has succeeded.
Crowther Masonic Hall or Freemasons' Hall in Kollam is a part of the Grand Lodge of India and it was a meeting place for many Masonic Lodges in the Quilon(Kollam) area.
 It is near Kochupilamoodu in Kollam city and has been a Masonic meeting place since 1806.
 The building is now considered as a historic monument of Freemasonry activities in ancient Travancore area.
