Andrew Michael "Andy" Allen (born 4 August 1955) is a retired American astronaut.
 A former Marine aviator and lieutenant colonel, he worked as a test pilot before joining NASA in 1987.
 He flew three Space Shuttle missions before retiring in 1997.
Carole is a bright African American girl with a natural riding ability.
 She became devastated when her mother died of cancer, and when Cobalt died, she almost gave up riding.
 But her father, U.S. Marine Colonel Mitch Hanson, reminded Carole that her mother would have wanted her to follow her passion.
 With money left by her mother, she bought a buckskin gelding, Starlight.
 Carole knows her future lies with horses, but there are many paths to follow and she does not know which road to take.
 Her grades are high enough for her to become a veterinarian but she would also love to breed and train Thoroughbreds.
 She would not mind being a professional steeplechase jockey, or maybe traveling the world teaching dressage clinics.
 Whatever career she chooses, her most immediate goal is to be the very best rider she can be.
 Carole has little time for boys; therefore, she has never understood why anyone would prefer the company of a boy to that of a horse.
 This is when the pressures of family, friends, school and competition cannot touch her.
 Anyone who catches a glimpse of horse and rider moving as one along the lush creek cannot help but be in awe.
 Like the other Saddle Club girls, Carole is becoming a young woman.
 In "Moving On, Part 1", Carole's dad got re-deployed and she almost left Pine Hollow, The Saddle Club, and Starlight behind forever when it was decided that she'd live with her Aunt Penny.
 Thanks to Mrs. Reg, however, Carole becomes the first live in boarder at Pine Hollow Stables as of "Moving On, Part 2" which allowed her to stay at Pine Hollow, continue to be in The Saddle Club, and keep Starlight.
 Carole has never forgiven Veronica for killing Cobalt.
 In "Itchy", Carole thought that she was allergic to horses, but after a visit to the doctor it was revealed that she is allergic to camels as the saddle blanket that her father sent her is made out of camel hair.
 When Carole suggests naming Samson after "Samson and Delilah", it was a hinted indication that Carole is a Christian.
 Whenever Carole's sad, to cheer herself up she'll ride Starlight or play her guitar.
 Carole is focused, determined, stubborn, and passionate just like her mother was.
 In the books, Carole and Lisa go to Willow Creek Junior High School together and Carole and Stevie are the same age.
 in the "Pine Hollow" series Carole goes to Willow Creek High School with Lisa.
 Carole's favorite color is Purple.
Donald Parks Baker is the former Richmond bureau chief of The Washington Post between 1985 and 1999.
 Before joining The Washington Post in 1970, he was with The Indianapolis Times and the Cleveland Press.
 He is also known for his documentary role in A Perfect Candidate as the watchdog reporter who digs into the campaign of then United States Senate candidate, Oliver North.
Edwin Andrews Air Base was built by the Spanish Alegre C. Ledesma as San Roque Airfield.
 The base was later renamed as Moret Field after Paul Moret, a US Marine Colonel who died in 1943 because of a plane crash.
 On March 15, 1945, American forces re-established their units and consecutively improved the base with the help of the U.S. Army airfield construction unit together with Filipino forces.
 The single runway was completed to be used to fight against the remaining Japanese forces in the Philippines and was about 4,500 feet long aligned with the prevalent winds in the area.
Rules of Engagement is a 2000 American war film directed by William Friedkin, written by Jim Webb and starring Tommy Lee Jones and Samuel L. Jackson.
 Jackson plays U.S. Marine Colonel Terry Childers, who is brought to court-martial after men under Childers' orders kill a large number of civilians outside the U.S. embassy in Yemen.
Michael Duncan Wyly (born c. 1939) is a retired U.S. Marine Colonel.
 In 1979, Colonel Wyly was head of tactics at the Amphibious Warfare School (AWS) where he, with John Boyd, introduced maneuver warfare.
Raymond W. "Rock" Hanson (October 5, 1895 – January 4, 1982), former United States Marine Colonel and highly decorated veteran of World War I and World War II, was best known as the football coach at Western Illinois State Teachers College (now Western Illinois University) in Macomb, Illinois from 1926 to 1941.
Arthur J. Burks (September 13, 1898 – May 13, 1974) was an American writer and a Marine colonel.
USS "Shannon" (DD-737/DM-25/MMD-25) was a "Robert H. Smith"-class destroyer minelayer in the United States Navy.
 She was named for Marine Colonel Harold D. Shannon.
Andrew Bruce Boa (10 July 1930 – 17 April 2004) was a Canadian actor, who found success playing the token North American in British films and television.
 Boa's most recognizable film role is in "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980) as General Rieekan.
 He also played the Marine colonel in "Full Metal Jacket" (1987) who chastises Matthew Modine's character over a peace pin on the lapel while having "Born To Kill" written on his combat helmet.
