The Divided Heart is a black-and-white British film directed by Charles Crichton and released in 1954.
 The film is a drama, based on a true story of a child, whose father was a member of Slovenian Partisans executed by Nazis and whose mother was deported to Auschwitz, while little Ivan was, like other 300 babies and young children from Slovenia, whose parents were declared Banditen by Nazis, sent to Germany in a Nazi program known as Lebensborn.
Doris ( ; Δωρίς "bounty"), an Oceanid, was a sea nymph in Greek mythology, whose name represented the bounty of the sea.
 She was the daughter of Oceanus and Tethys and the wife of Nereus.
 She was also aunt to Atlas, the titan who was made to carry the sky upon his shoulders, whose mother Clymene was a sister of Doris.
 Doris was mother to Nerites and the fifty Nereids, including Thetis, who was the mother of Achilles, and Amphitrite, Poseidon's wife, and mother of Triton.
Faysal Qureshi (Urdu: ‎ , born October 26, 1973) is a Pakistani actor and television host.
 He was born in Lahore, Pakistan to famous film actress Afshan Qureshi.
Umm-e-Kulsoom is a drama that aired on ARY Digital in the year 2011.
 The drama is directed by the best award winning director of Pakistan i.e. Babar Javed.
 The serial has an ensemble cast consisting of Aamina Sheikh, Hasan Ahmed, Neelam Muneer, Zaheen Tahira, Ismat Zaidi, Sami Khan and Faisal Qureshi.
Ismat Zaidi is a Pakistani senior actress.
 She has appeared in a variety of television dramas and advertisements.
 She has worked with directors such as Babar Javed, Mehreen Jabbar, Haseeb Hassan and Farooq Rind.
 She has appeared with Faisal Qureshi, Fahad Mustafa, Samiya Mumtaz, Ayeza Khan, Aamina Sheikh, Sarwat Gilani, Neelam Muneer, Adnan Siddiqui, Soniya Hussain, Maya Ali, Javeria Abbasi, Humayun Saeed, Ayesha Khan, Sanam Baloch, Hamza Ali Abbasi, Iqra Aziz, Sajal Ali and Fatima Effendi as their mother.
 She is regarded as the "Sweetest Mother of Pakistani Industry" as she has always done the role of a positive mother or mother in law.
 With the exception of Koi Nahi Apna, she has done always positive supporting roles.
 She has maximum worked in dramas whose writer is Umera Ahmed which includes Kankar and Malaal.
 She has appeared alongside the most with Shehryar Zaidi.
 She has worked with actors such as Javed Sheikh and Khayyam Sarhadi.
 Her works include Parsa, Man-o-Salwa, Mere Meherbaan, Jugnoo and Meri Zaat Zarra-e-Benishan.
 At present, she is noticed for her negative role in Mann Mayal.
 She was nominated for Hum Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role of Khala Jahangir in Jugnoo at 4th Hum Awards
Rufus ("Red") was a first-century Christian mentioned in with his brother Alexander, whose father "Simon a Cyrenian" was compelled to help carry the cross on which the Lord Jesus Christ was crucified.
 According to Easton he was probably the same Rufus mentioned in , whose mother, (as well as Paul's mother,) were among those to whom Paul sent greetings in his epistle to the Romans.
In Quebec, an allophone is a resident, usually an immigrant, whose mother tongue or home language is neither French nor English.
 The term can also be sometimes used in other parts of Canada.
 The term parallels "Anglophone" (English-speaker), and "Francophone", which designate people whose mother tongues are English and French, respectively.
 Native speakers of aboriginal languages are generally not treated as allophones.
Simi Sernaker, born Simantha Sernaker in 1979 and also known as Simi Stone, is the frontwoman of the rock band Suffrajett.
 Sernaker was born and raised in Woodstock, New York, by her mother Dorothy Sernaker and a Jamaican-born father, Ernest Bledsoe, whose mother traveled on the blues circuit playing piano in the south.
 At seven, Sernaker took up the classical violin and at ten, was admitted to The New York Conservatory for the Arts, where she studied musical theatre, dance, and voice and all the while, continued to write songs of her own.
 Upon graduating high school, she moved to New York City and pursued a degree in acting at Marymount College, while she performed in musical theater and off-Broadway plays.
On My Own is a 1991 film starring Judy Davis and Matthew Ferguson.
 Ferguson plays Simon Henderson, a student at an Ontario boarding school, whose father lives in Hong Kong, and whose mother (played by Davis) is from England.
 The plot revolves around Simon coming to terms with the revelation that his mother suffers from schizophrenia.
Marvelous Melmo (ふしぎなメルモ , Fushigi na Merumo ) is a magical girl manga and anime by Osamu Tezuka.
 This series centered on Melmo, a nine-year-old girl whose mother is killed in an auto accident and has to then take care of her two younger brothers (Totoo and Touch).
 While in Heaven the children's mother is given one wish.
 Her wish is that her children will be allowed to grow up more quickly than usual since their lives as children will be difficult without their parents.
