Me, Natalie is a 1969 American comedy-drama film directed by Fred Coe about a homely young woman from Brooklyn who moves to Greenwich Village and finds romance with an aspiring painter.
 The screenplay by A. Martin Zweiback is based on an original story by Stanley Shapiro.
 Patty Duke, who starred in the title role, won a Golden Globe Award for her performance.
 The film also starred James Farentino, Salome Jens, Elsa Lanchester, Martin Balsam and Nancy Marchand.
 Al Pacino made his film debut with a bit part.
Hugh Michael Jackman (born 12 October 1968) is an Australian actor, singer, and producer.
 Jackman has won international recognition for his roles in a variety of film genres.
 He is known for his long-running role as Wolverine in the "X-Men" film series, as well as for his lead roles in films such as the romantic-comedy fantasy "Kate & Leopold" (2001), the action-horror film "Van Helsing" (2004), the magic-themed drama "The Prestige" (2006), the epic fantasy drama "The Fountain" (2006), the epic historical romantic drama "Australia" (2008), the film version of "Les Misérables" (2012), and the thriller "Prisoners" (2013).
 His work in "Les Misérables" earned him his first Academy Award nomination for Best Actor and his first Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy in 2013.
Witness for the Prosecution is a 1957 American courtroom drama film with film noir elements co-adapted and directed by Billy Wilder and starring Tyrone Power (in his final screen role), Marlene Dietrich, and Charles Laughton.
 Set in the Old Bailey in London, the picture is based on the play of the same name by Agatha Christie and deals with the trial of a man accused of murder.
 Being the first film adaptation of this story, the movie features Elsa Lanchester in a supporting role and was adapted for the screen by Larry Marcus, Harry Kurnitz and Wilder.
Come to the Stable is a 1949 American film which tells the true story of the Abbey of Regina Laudis and the two French nuns who come to a small New England town and involve the townsfolk in helping them to build a children's hospital.
 It stars Loretta Young, Celeste Holm, Hugh Marlowe, Elsa Lanchester, Thomas Gomez, Dooley Wilson and Regis Toomey.
Les Misérables is a 1935 American drama film starring Fredric March and Charles Laughton based upon the famous Victor Hugo novel of the same name.
 The movie was adapted by W. P. Lipscomb and directed by Richard Boleslawski.
 This was the last film for Twentieth Century Pictures before it merged with Fox Film Corporation to form 20th Century Fox.
 The plot of the film basically follows Hugo's novel "Les Misérables", but there are a large number of differences.
Easy Come, Easy Go is a 1967 American musical film comedy starring Elvis Presley.
 Hal Wallis produced the film for Paramount Pictures, and it was his final movie for Elvis Presley.
 The film co-starred Dodie Marshall, Pat Harrington, Jr., Pat Priest, Elsa Lanchester and Frank McHugh.
 (It was McHugh's last feature film.)
 The movie reached #50 on the "Variety" magazine national box office list in 1967.
Bride of Frankenstein (advertised as The Bride of Frankenstein) is a 1935 American science-fiction horror film, the first sequel to Universal Pictures' 1931 hit "Frankenstein".
 It is considered one of the few sequels to a great film that is even better than the original film on which it is based.
 As with the first film, "Bride of Frankenstein" was directed by James Whale and stars Boris Karloff as The Monster.
 The sequel features Elsa Lanchester in the dual role of Mary Shelley and the Monster's mate at the end of the film.
 Colin Clive reprises his role as Henry Frankenstein, and Ernest Thesiger plays the role of Doctor Septimus Pretorius.
Bell, Book and Candle is a 1958 American romantic comedy Technicolor film directed by Richard Quine, based on the successful Broadway play by John Van Druten and adapted by Daniel Taradash.
 It stars Kim Novak as a witch who casts a spell on her neighbor played by James Stewart.
 Rounding out the supporting cast are Jack Lemmon, Ernie Kovacs, Hermione Gingold and Elsa Lanchester.
 The film is considered Stewart's last as a romantic lead.
Thumbs Up is a 1943 American musical drama film directed by Joseph Santley and starring Brenda Joyce, Richard Fraser and Elsa Lanchester.
Willard is a 1971 American horror film directed by Daniel Mann and starring Bruce Davison and Ernest Borgnine.
 Based on the novel "Ratman's Notebooks" by Stephen Gilbert, the film was nominated for an Edgar Award for best picture.
 The supporting cast included Elsa Lanchester in one of her last performances, and Sondra Locke in one of her first.
 The film was a summer hit in 1971; opening to good reviews and high box office returns.
 It inspired other horror films with wild animals as predators, such as the hit films "Jaws" (1975), as well as psychological thrillers with social outcasts as the protagonists, such as "Carrie" (1976).
