Portland State Vikings football under Jerry Glanville
Ken Herock (born July 16, 1941, in Pittsburgh) was an American college and professional football player who played tight end.
 He played collegiately at West Virginia and professionally in the American Football League, where he played for the AFL Champion Oakland Raiders in the second AFL-NFL World Championship Game, held after the 1967 season.
 He attended Munhall High School in Pittsburgh.
 His six-year pro career was spent with the Oakland Raiders, who he helped win the AFL title, the Cincinnati Bengals, and the Boston Patriots.
 After his playing career ended, Herock was a player personnel executive in the NFL with the Raiders, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and the Atlanta Falcons.
 He is known for trading Brett Favre from the Falcons to the Green Bay Packers at the urging of head coach Jerry Glanville.
The 1989 season was the Houston Oilers 30th season and their 20th in the National Football League (NFL).
 The franchise scored 365 points while the defense gave up 412 points.
 Their record of 9 wins and 7 losses resulted in a second-place finish in the AFC Central Division.
 The Oilers appeared once on Monday Night Football and appeared in the playoffs for the third consecutive year.
 It would be Jerry Glanville’s final year as the Oilers coach.
 Perhaps one of the lowest points of the season for the Oilers was their second to last game against division rival Bengals.
 The Bengals thumped the Oilers 61-7 in that game.
 This loss marked the worst defeat for the team during its tenure in Houston.
 As of 2017, the worst defeat for the team known either as the Oilers or the Titans was in 2009 when they lost 59-0 to the New England Patriots.
 It was the second time the Oilers had allowed 61 points to the Bengals, the other being a 61-17 loss at home in 1972.

The 1990 Atlanta Falcons season was the franchise's 25th season in the National Football League (NFL).
 Jerry Glanville was hired to be the team's new coach.
 The franchise changed their helmets from red to black.
 Atlanta looked to improve on its 3-13 record from 1989.
 The team did improve on its 3-13 record, finishing 5-11, but the Falcons missed the playoffs for the eighth straight season.
 The season started out pretty well for Atlanta, as they beat playoff contenders Houston, New Orleans, and Cincinnati at home.
 The team sat at 3-4 after their win against Cincinnati.
 It then lost seven games in a row before winning its last two to end the season.
 Atlanta went 5-3 at home, but winless on the road, which cost them a trip to the postseason.
The 2013 East–West Shrine Game was the 88th staging of the all-star college football exhibition game featuring NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision players and a few select invitees from Canadian university football.
 The game featured over 100 players from the 2012 college football season, and prospects for the 2013 Draft of the professional National Football League (NFL).
 In the week prior to the game, scouts from all 32 NFL teams attended.
 The proceeds from the East-West Shrine Game benefit Shriners Hospitals for Children.
 Jerry Glanville and Leeman Bennett were named coaches on December 5, 2012.
 The West defeated the East 28-13.
William Keith Bostic (born January 17, 1961) is a former professional American football player who played for seven seasons in the National Football League (NFL).
 During his career he played safety for the Houston Oilers and the Cleveland Browns.
 Bostic served as the Oiler defensive captain under Jerry Glanville.
 He earned one Pro Bowl selection and missed another based on a tiebreaker for the last safety chosen.
 In his Pro Bowl season, he led the American Football Conference in interceptions.
Darrel "Mouse" Davis (born September 6, 1932) is a retired American football coach and former player.
 A veteran coach at the high school, college, and professional levels, he last coached with Jerry Glanville at Portland State and with June Jones at the University of Hawaii at Manoa.
 Davis served as the head football coach at Portland State University from 1975 to 1980, compiling a record of 42–24.
 He has also been a head coach with the Denver Gold of the United States Football League (1985), the New York/New Jersey Knights of the World League of American Football (1991–1992), and the Detroit Fury (2001–2002) and the San Diego Riptide (2003) of the Arena Football League.
 A native of Washington, Davis grew up in Oregon, where he started his coaching career as a high school football coach.
 Davis is now widely regarded as the 'godfather' of the run and shoot offense.
Keith Bostic is an American Software Engineer and one of the key people in the history of Berkeley Software Distribution UNIX and Open Source software.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American Football team playing in the National Football League.
 Their 1987 season saw the team record an 8-7 record and fail to reach the playoffs.
 Noll was renowned as a stoic character, but in complete contrast was his reaction to Jerry Glanville, the head coach of the Oilers.
 After the Steelers second meeting, Noll in the post game handshake grabbed Glanville and told him he'd better watch out or he'd get jumped on.
 This was in reaction to Glanville's earlier comments on how the Oilers field was the 'house of pain' and his prediction that his players would intentionally hurt the Steelers.
Lucky to Be Alive is the seventh studio album by the American country music band Confederate Railroad.
 The project marks the first album release in nine years for the Grammy-nominated group, and was released on July 15 to music retailers nationwide.
 The ACM award-winning band are also bringing the star power on the album, with guest appearances from Willie Nelson, John Anderson, Colt Ford and former NFL coach, Jerry Glanville, on a special 20th Anniversary version of the signature smash, “Trashy Women.”
