Vladislaus II, also known as Vladislav II, Władysław II or Wladislas II (1 March 1456 – 13 March 1516; ; Hungarian: "II.
 Ulászló" ; Polish: "Władysław II Jagiellończyk" ; Croatian: "Vladislav II.
 Jagelović" ; Slovak: "Vladislav II.
 Jagelovský" ), was King of Bohemia from 1471 to 1516, and King of Hungary and Croatia from 1490 to 1516.
 As the eldest son of Casimir IV Jagiellon, he was expected to inherit Poland and Lithuania.
 George of Poděbrady, the Hussite ruler of Bohemia, offered to make Vladislaus his heir in 1468.
 Poděbrady needed Casimir IV's support against the rebellious Catholic noblemen and their ally, Matthias Corvinus, king of Hungary.
 The Diet of Bohemia elected Vladislaus king after Poděbrady's death, but he could only rule Bohemia proper, because Matthias (whom the Catholic nobles had elected king) occupied Moravia, Silesia and Lusatia.
 Vladislaus tried to reconquer the three provinces with his father's assistance, but Matthias repelled them.
Denmark–Norway (Danish and Norwegian: "Danmark–Norge ") was an early modern multi-national and multi-lingual real union consisting of the Kingdom of Denmark, the Kingdom of Norway (including Norwegian regions Faroe Islands, Iceland, Greenland, et cetera), the Duchy of Schleswig, and the Duchy of Holstein.
 The state also claimed sovereignty over two historical peoples: Wends and Goths.
 In addition, the state included colonies: St. Thomas, St. John, St. Croix, Ghana, Tharangambadi, Serampore, and Nicobar Islands.
 The state's inhabitants were mainly Danes, Norwegians (along with Inuit and Sami), and Germans.
 The state's largest cities were Copenhagen, Altona, Bergen, Trondheim, and Christiania (Oslo).
Frederick I (7 October 1471 – 10 April 1533) was the King of Denmark and Norway.
 His name is also spelled "Friedrich" in German, "Frederik" in Danish and Norwegian and "Fredrik" in Swedish.
 He was the penultimate Roman Catholic monarch to reign over Denmark, when subsequent monarchs embraced Lutheranism after the Protestant Reformation.
 As King of Norway, Frederick is most remarkable in never having visited the country and was never being crowned King of Norway.
 Therefore he was styled "King of Denmark, the Vends and the Goths, elected King of Norway".
The election of Christian III as king of Denmark and Norway on 4 July 1534 was a landmark event for all of Denmark and Norway.
 It took place in the church in the town of Rye, eastern Jutland, where the Jutlandic nobility elected Prince Christian, son of King Frederick I and Duke of Schleswig and Holsten, as king.
 This brought about the Count's Feud ("Grevens Fejde") and later also led to the implementation of the Protestant Reformation in Denmark and Norway.
The title of King of the Goths (Swedish: "Götes konung" , Danish: "Goternes konge" , Latin: "gothorum rex" ) was for many centuries borne by both the Kings of Sweden and the Kings of Denmark, denoting sovereignty or claimed sovereignty over the ancient people of the Goths, an east Germanic people.
The Battle of Philippopolis was fought in 250 AD between Rome and the Goths.
 The Goths were led by King Cniva, and after a long siege, they were victorious.
 The king subsequently allied himself with the town commander and governor of Thrace, Lucius Priscus, to take on the Roman Emperor Decius.
 The battle took place at the Thracian city of Philippopolis, modern Plovdiv, Bulgaria.
Matthias Corvinus, also called Matthias I (Hungarian: "Hunyadi Mátyás" , Croatian: "Matija Korvin" , Romanian: "Matei Corvin" , Slovak: "Matej Korvín" , ; 23 February 1443 – 6 April 1490), was King of Hungary and Croatia from 1458 to 1490.
 After conducting several military campaigns, he was elected King of Bohemia in 1469 and adopted the title Duke of Austria in 1487.
 He was the son of John Hunyadi, Regent of Hungary, who died in 1456.
 In 1457, Matthias was imprisoned along with his older brother, Ladislaus Hunyadi, on the orders of King Ladislaus V of Hungary.
 Ladislaus Hunyadi was executed, causing a rebellion that forced King Ladislaus to flee Hungary.
 After the King died unexpectedly, Matthias's uncle Michael Szilágyi persuaded the Estates to unanimously proclaim Matthias king on 24 January 1458.
 He began his rule under his uncle's guardianship, but he took effective control of government within two weeks.
The War of Deposition against King Hans (Swedish: "Avsättningskriget mot kung Hans" ) was a war in which Swedish separatists under the leadership of the Swedish regent Sten Sture the Elder rebelled against the newly elected king of the Kalmar Union, John, King of Denmark.
Christopher I (Danish: "Christoffer I" ) (1219 – 29 May 1259) was King of Denmark between 1252 and 1259.
 He was the son of Valdemar II of Denmark by his wife, Infanta Berengária of Portugal.
 He succeeded his brothers Eric IV Plovpenning and Abel of Denmark on the throne.
 Christopher was elected King upon the death of his older brother Abel in the summer of 1252.
 He was crowned at Lund Cathedral on Christmas Day 1252.
Gustav , also spelled Gustaf, is a male given name of likely Old Swedish origin, used mainly in Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Estonia, France, Germany, Austria, the Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland, and South Africa, possibly meaning "staff of the Geats or Goths or gods", possibly derived from the Old Norse elements "Gautr" ("Geats"), "Gutar/Gotar" ("Goths"), "goð ōs" ("gods") and the word "stafr" ("staff").
 Another etymology speculates that the name may be of Medieval Slavic origin, from the name "Gostislav", a compound word for "glorious guest", from the Medieval Slavic words "Gosti" ("guest") and "slava" ("glory") and was adopted by migrating groups north and west into Germany and Scandinavia.
 This name has been borne by eight Kings of Sweden, including the 16th-century Gustav Vasa and the current king, Carl XVI Gustaf.
 It is a common name for Swedish monarchs since the reign of Gustav Vasa.
