Will Jacobs (born 1955) is an American comics and humor writer.
 He was a coauthor with Gerard Jones on "The Beaver Papers", "The Comic Book Heroes", and the comic book "The Trouble with Girls" (1987–1993).
 He was a contributor to "National Lampoon magazine" and various DC Comics.
 Jacobs left professional writing in the 1990s to start a used and antiquarian book service, Avalon Books.
 He co-wrote with Jones "The Comic Book Heroes", a book dedicated to the history of the American comic book industry from the Silver Age to the present.
This is the list of fictional characters who have appeared in Raj Comics as the enemies of Raj comics superhero Super Commando Dhruva.
 Dhruva has one of the most recognisable rogues gallery in Indian comic book genre.
 Over the years, Dhruva has fought many villains ranging from normal human beings to costumed villains, from supervillains to aliens, comedic villains and tricksters to demons and god-like beings and sometimes even other superheroes who have gone rogue.
 Some of Dhruva enemies have subsequently turned towards the good side.
 On some occasions, Dhruva has also fought against supervillains who are arch foes of other Raj Comics superheroes.
Dark Empire is a "Star Wars" comic book metaseries produced by Dark Horse Comics.
 It consists of a six-issue limited series written by Tom Veitch and drawn by Cam Kennedy ("Dark Empire I"), followed by a second six-issue limited series by Veitch and Kennedy ("Dark Empire II") and a two-issue limited series written by Veitch and drawn by Jim Baikie ("Empire's End").
 "Dark Empire" in particular, is notable for being one of the very first Star Wars comics to be produced by Dark Horse Comics, who had acquired the comic rights to the Star Wars franchise in the early 1990s.
Quattro are a group of comic book villains who first appeared in Malibu Comics' "The Solution" #1.
Comic Book Villains is a 2002 American black comedy film written and directed by James Robinson and starring DJ Qualls, Donal Logue, Michael Rapaport, Natasha Lyonne and Eileen Brennan.
The Twelve Brothers in Silk, also known as The Silk Brothers, is a group of fictional comic book villains, a family of killers that have fought the Birds of Prey in the DC Comics Universe.
 They were created by artist Joe Bennett and writer Gail Simone.
Boiled Angel was an independent comic book by Florida-based underground comic book artist Mike Diana in the early 1990s.
 The comic contained graphic depictions of a variety of taboo and gory subject matters.
 It effectively became the first comic book in the United States to cause its creator to be convicted for artistic obscenity.
The Deep Six are a fictional team of half-humanoid comic book villains created by Jack Kirby as part of the Jack Kirby's Fourth World set of DC Comics titles.
 They first appeared in "The New Gods" #2 (April–May 1971).
The X-Men are a fictional superhero team in Marvel Comics' Marvel Universe.
 The group debuted in 1963 in an eponymous comic book series.
 Beginning in 1989, the characters appeared in video game adaptations for home consoles, handheld game consoles, arcades, and personal computers.
 An earlier game was planned for home computers in 1985, but the developer went out of business before its launch.
 The first games were released on 8-bit home platforms, and the series expanded onto handheld consoles and arcades in the early 1990s.
 Most X-Men games, especially those released in the 2000s, were released on several platforms.
 Several companies have developed entries in the franchise, including Paragon Software, Software Creations, Konami, and Capcom.
 The titles are action games that pit the X-Men against Marvel supervillains, typically taking the form of beat 'em up and fighting games. Each game features different groupings of X-Men heroes and villains, and typically allows players to control multiple characters.
Fin Fang Foom is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 The character has been depicted as an extraterrestrial creature resembling a dragon.
 The character has also appeared in associated Marvel merchandise including animated television series; toys; trading cards; and video games. IGN's List of Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time ranked Fin Fang Foom #99.
