The Philadelphia Club, founded in 1834 and located at 13th and Walnut Streets in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is the oldest city club in the United States, and one of the oldest gentlemen's clubs. Notable members have included General George Meade, author Owen Wister, and many members of the Du Pont and Biddle families.
Anne's House of Dreams is a novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery.
 It was first published in 1917 by McClelland, Goodchild and Stewart.
Lucy Maud Montgomery {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (November 30, 1874 – April 24, 1942) published as L.M. Montgomery, was a Canadian author best known for a series of novels beginning in 1908 with "Anne of Green Gables".
 The book was an immediate success.
 The central character, Anne Shirley, an orphaned girl, made Montgomery famous in her lifetime and gave her an international following.
Anne of Green Gables is a 1908 novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery (published as L. M. Montgomery).
 Written for all ages, it has been considered a children's novel since the mid-twentieth century.
 It recounts the adventures of Anne Shirley, an 11-year-old orphan girl who is mistakenly sent to Matthew and Marilla Cuthbert, a middle-aged brother and sister who had intended to adopt a boy to help them on their farm in the fictional town of Avonlea on Prince Edward Island.
 The novel recounts how Anne makes her way with the Cuthberts, in school, and within the town.
Anne of Ingleside is a children's novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery.
 It was first published in July 1939 by McClelland and Stewart (Toronto) and the Frederick A. Stokes Company (New York).
 It is the tenth of eleven books that feature the character of Anne Shirley, and Montgomery's final published novel.
 (Two novels that occur later in the "Anne" chronology were actually published years earlier.
 As well, the short story collection "The Blythes Are Quoted", written in 1941/42, but not published until 2009, concludes the Anne chronology.)
Done in the Open was a verse collection published by in 1903 American author Owen Wister.
 The book was a collaboration with the artist Frederic Remington, the verses being written to accompany Remington's drawings.
The Selected Journals of L. M. Montgomery, Vol.
 I–V, are the personal journals of famed Canadian author, Lucy Maud Montgomery (1874–1942).
The Blue Castle is a 1926 novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery, best known for her novel "Anne of Green Gables" (1908).
Anne of Green Gables is a 1985 Canadian television mini-series drama film based on the novel of the same name by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery, and is the first in a series of four films.
 The film starred Megan Follows and was produced and directed by Kevin Sullivan for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
 It was released theatrically in Iran, Israel, Europe, and Japan.
The Virginian (otherwise titled "The Virginian: A Horseman of the Plains)" is a 1902 novel set in the Wild West by the American author Owen Wister, (1860-1938).
 It describes the life of a cowboy on a cattle ranch in Wyoming and was the first true fictional western ever written, aside from short stories and pulp dime novels.
 "The Virginian" paved the way for many more westerns by such authors as Zane Grey, Louis L'Amour, and several others.
