Eragrostis hypnoides is a species of grass known by the common name teal lovegrass.
 It is native to the Americas from Canada to Argentina.
 It is found in moist areas near water in substrates of sand or mud.
Cyperus eragrostis is a species of sedge known by several common names, including tall flatsedge, nutgrass, tall nutgrass, umbrella sedge, chufa, Earth almond, zula nuts, edible galingale and pale galingale.
Eragrostis pilosa is a species of grass.
 It is native to Eurasia and Africa.
 It may or may not be native to North America.
 It is widely introduced, and it is a common weed in many areas.
Eragrostis variabilis is a species of grass known by the common names variable lovegrass, kawelu, emoloa, and kalamalo.
 It is endemic to Hawaii, where it occurs on all the main islands plus Kure Atoll, Midway Atoll, Pearl and Hermes Atoll, Lisianski Island, Laysan, and Nihoa.
Eragrostis pectinacea is a species of grass known by the common name tufted lovegrass.
 This plant is native to the Americas from Canada to Argentina.
 It is widespread, growing in most open spaces at varying elevations and habitats, including in disturbed areas and roadsides.
Eragrostis curvula is a species of grass known by the common name weeping lovegrass.
 Other common names include Boer lovegrass, curved lovegrass, Catalina lovegrass, and African lovegrass.
Eragrostis lehmanniana is a species of grass known by the common name Lehmann lovegrass.
 It is native to southern Africa.
 It is present elsewhere as an introduced species.
 It is well known as an invasive weed in some areas, such as Arizona in the United States.
Rhexia aristosa is a species of flowering plants in the Melastomataceae known by the common names awned meadowbeauty and awnpetal meadowbeauty.
 It is native to the eastern United States, where it occurs on the coastal plain from New Jersey to Alabama.
Eragrostis intermedia is a species of grass known by the common name plains lovegrass.
 It is native to North and Central America, where it is distributed from the southeastern and southwestern United States south to Costa Rica.
 Its range may extend to South America.
The Hawaiian tropical low shrublands are a tropical savanna ecoregion in the Hawaiian Islands.
 These shrublands cover an area of 1500 km2 in the leeward lowlands of the main islands and most of the smaller islands, including the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands.
 The ecoregion includes both grasslands and mixed shrublands.
 Kāwelu ("Eragrostis variabilis"), mauʻ u ʻ akiʻ aki ("Fimbristylis cymosa"), ʻ akiʻ aki ("Sporobolus virginicus"), and "Lepturus repens" are common grassland plants.
 Shrublands are dominated by ʻ ilima ("Sida fallax"), ʻ aʻ aliʻ i ("Dodonaea viscosa"), naupaka ("Scaevola" spp.)
, hinahina kū kahakai ("Heliotropium anomalum" var.
 "argenteum"), kīpūkai ("Heliotropium curassavicum"), maʻ o ("Gossypium tomentosum"), ʻ akoko ("Euphorbia" spp.)
, ʻ āheahea ("Chenopodium oahuense"), naio ("Myoporum sandwicense"), kolokolo kahakai ("Vitex rotundifolia"), and pūkiawe ("Styphelia tameiameiae").
 More than 90% of the plant species found in this ecoregion are endemic, including ʻ ōhai ("Sesbania tomentosa"), ʻ āwiwi ("Schenkia sebaeoides"), and wahine noho kula ("Isodendrion pyrifolium").
