Loving You Is My Sin (Italian: Amarti è il mio peccato) is a 1953 Italian melodrama film directed by  Sergio Grieco and starring  Jacques Sernas, Luisa Rossi and Elisa Cegani.
Man From 1997 is a time travel episode of the 1956–57 anthology television series "Conflict" directed by Roy del Ruth, produced by Roy Huggins, written by James Gunn from a story by Alfred Bester, and starring Jacques Sernas, Charles Ruggles, Gloria Talbott and James Garner.
 The music was written by David Buttolph and the cinematographer was Ted D. McCord.
 The show was originally telecast on November 27, 1956 and a kinescope of the broadcast currently exists.
Jump into Hell is a 1955 war film directed by David Butler.
 The film stars Jacques Sernas (billed as "Jack Sernas") and Kurt Kasznar.
 The first contemporary Hollywood war film of the war in Indochina, the story is a fictionalized account of the Battle of Dien Bien Phu.
Balearic Caper (Spanish: "Zarabanda bing bing" , Italian: "Baleari Operazione Oro" , French: "Barbouze chérie" , also known as Operation Gold) is a 1966 Spanish-Italian-French heist-Eurospy comedy film written and directed by José María Forqué and starring Jacques Sernas, Daniela Bianchi and Mireille Darc.
 It was shot in Ibiza.
Jokūbas Bernardas Šernas (30 July 1925 – 3 July 2015), commonly known as Jacques Sernas and sometimes credited as Jack Sernas, was a Lithuanian-born French actor with an international film career.
Dieci canzoni d'amore da salvare (English title: "Ten Love Songs") is a 1953 Italian film directed by Flavio Calzavara.
 The plot concerns a songwriter, played by Jacques Sernas who leaves his sweetheart and publisher when he learns that he is going blind.
 Supporting Sernas were Brunella Bovo, Franca Tamantini, and Enrico Viarisio.
Finishing School (Italian: Fanciulle di lusso) is a 1953 French-Italian comedy film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Susan Stephen, Anna Maria Ferrero and Jacques Sernas.
 It was made at Cinecittà with sets designed by the art director Franco Lolli.
 It is also known by the alternative title of Luxury Girls.
Fugitive in Trieste (Italian: "Clandestino a Trieste" ) is a 1951 Italian war-drama film directed by Guido Salvini and starring Doris Duranti, Jacques Sernas and Massimo Girotti.
It's All Adam's Fault or In Six Easy Lessons (French: C'est la faute d'Adam) is a 1958 French comedy film directed by Jacqueline Audry and starring Dany Robin, Jacques Sernas and Mijanou Bardot.
Altair is a 1956 Italian romantic drama film directed by Leonardo De Mitri and starring Franco Interlenghi, Antonella Lualdi and Jacques Sernas.
