Jana Novotná (] ; born 2 October 1968) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic.
 She played a serve and volley game, an increasingly rare style of play among women during her career.
 She won the women's singles title at Wimbledon in 1998 and was runner-up in three previous Grand Slam tournaments.
 Novotná also won 12 Grand Slam women's doubles titles and four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles.
 Novotná achieved a career-high singles ranking of world No. 2 in 1997, and achieved the No. 1 ranking in doubles.
The Doubles Tournament at the 2006 NASDAQ-100 Open took place between March 20 and April 6 on the outdoor hard courts of the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, United States.
 Lisa Raymond and Samantha Stosur won the title, defeating Liezel Huber and Martina Navratilova in the final.
Liezel Huber and María José Martínez Sánchez are the defending champions but chose not to participate together.
 Huber played with Lisa Raymond as the first seed while Martínez Sánchez played with Shahar Pe'er.
Liezel Huber and Lisa Raymond were the defending champions, but decided not to defend their title together.
 Huber partnered up with Nuria Llagostera Vives, while Raymond played alongside Flavia Pennetta.
 Huber and Llagostera Vives defeated Pennetta and Raymond in the first round, but lost to Anabel Medina Garrigues and Katarina Srebotnik in the semifinals.
<br>
The Williams sisters are two professional American tennis players: Venus Williams (b. 1980), a seven-time Grand Slam title winner (singles), and Serena Williams (b. 1981), twenty-three-time Grand Slam title winner (singles), both of whom were coached from an early age by their parents Richard Williams and Oracene Price.
 There is a noted professional rivalry between them – between the 2001 US Open and the 2017 Australian Open tournaments, they met in nine Grand Slam singles finals.
 They became the first two players, female or male, to play in 4 consecutive grand slam singles finals from the 2002 French Open to the 2003 Australian Open; Serena famously won all 4 to complete the first of two "Serena Slams".
 Between 2000 and 2016, a 17-year span, they collectively won 12 Wimbledon singles titles (Venus won 5 and Serena won 7).
 By winning the 2001 Australian Open women's doubles title, they became the 5th pair to complete the Career Doubles Grand Slam and the only pair to complete the Career Doubles Golden Slam.
 At the time, Venus and Serena were only 20 and 19 years old, respectively.
 Since then they have gone on to add another two Olympic gold medals in the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2012 London Olympics.
 Nearly a decade later, the duo would go on to win 4 consecutive grand slam doubles titles from 2009 Wimbledon through 2010 Roland Garros, which would catapult them to co-No.
 1 doubles players on 7 June 2010.
 Two weeks later, on 21 June 2010, Serena would hold the No. 1 singles ranking and Venus would be right behind her at No. 2 in singles.
 Their most recent grand slam doubles titles came at the 2012 Wimbledon & 2016 Wimbledon events.
 They remain very close, often watching each other's matches in support, even after one of them has been knocked out of a tournament.
Cara Black and Liezel Huber were the two-time defending champions but did not compete together.
 Black partnered up with Lisa Raymond and Huber with Bethanie Mattek-Sands.
 Black and Raymond won in the final after Huber and Mattek-Sands retired.
Liezel Huber and Lisa Raymond were the defending champions but chose not to participate together.
 Huber played with Hsieh Su-wei, but lost in the first round to Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Sania Mirza.
 Raymond played alongside Samantha Stosur but lost in the quarterfinals to Cara Black and Anastasia Rodionova.
<br>
Liezel Huber and Lisa Raymond were the defending champions, but Huber chose not to compete that year.
 Raymond played with Sabine Lisicki.
<br>
Liezel Huber (née Horn; born 21 August 1976) is a South African-American retired tennis player who represents the United States internationally.
 Huber has won four Grand Slam titles in women's doubles with partner Cara Black, one with Lisa Raymond, and two mixed doubles titles with Bob Bryan.
 On 12 November 2007, she became the co-World No. 1 in doubles with Cara Black.
 On 19 April 2010, Huber became the sole No. 1 for the first time in her career.
Martina Hingis (born 30 September 1980) is a Swiss professional tennis player, a former world No. 1 singles player and currently ranked world No. 2 in doubles by the WTA.
 She has spent a total of 209 weeks as the singles No. 1 and has won five Grand Slam singles titles, thirteen Grand Slam women's doubles titles, winning a calendar-year doubles Grand Slam in 1998, and seven Grand Slam mixed doubles titles; for a combined total of twenty-five major titles.
 In addition, she has won the season-ending WTA Championships two times in singles and three times in doubles, and an Olympic silver medal.
