Manhattan Community Board 5 is a New York City community board, part of the local government apparatus of the city, with responsibility for the neighborhoods of Midtown, Times Square, most of the Theater District, the Diamond District, the Garment District, Herald Square, Koreatown, NoMad, Murray Hill and the Flatiron District, all in the borough of Manhattan.
 It is bounded by 59th Street on the north, Eighth Avenue, 26th Street, the Avenue of the Americas ("Sixth Avenue") on the west, 14th Street on the south, and Lexington Avenue on the east, excluding the area from 34th to 40th Streets between Madison and Lexington Avenues, and the area from 20th to 22nd Streets between Park Avenue South and Lexington Avenue/Irving Place.
42nd Street was a station on the demolished IRT Sixth Avenue Line.
 It had 2 tracks and two side platforms.
 It was served by trains from the IRT Sixth Avenue Line, and was located near sites such as the New York Public Library headquarters, Bryant Park, and the New York Hippodrome.
 It closed on December 4, 1938.
 The next southbound stop was 38th Street.
 The next northbound stop was 50th Street.
 Two years later, the rapid transit needs of the intersection were replaced by the IND Sixth Avenue Line platforms of the 42nd Street / Fifth Avenue – Bryant Park subway station complex.
Eighth Avenue was a station on the demolished IRT Sixth Avenue Line.
 It was built in 1881 by the Manhattan Railway Company as part of an effort to connect the northern end of the Sixth Avenue Line to the Ninth Avenue Line.
 It had three tracks and two side platforms, and was served by trains from the IRT Sixth Avenue Line.
 As a result, it became the last station on the Sixth Avenue Line before merging at a sharp curve with the Ninth Avenue Line.
 On September 11, 1905, 12 people were killed and 42 injured when a train jumped over the rails at the curve on 53rd Street between the Ninth Avenue 50th Street and 59th Street stations.
 In 1932, the Independent Subway System built the 50th Street Station three blocks to the south on the Eighth Avenue Subway with an additional lower level in 1933, thus rendering the elevated station and line obsolete.
 It closed on December 4, 1938.
 The next southbound stop was 50th Street.
 The next northbound stop was 59th Street.
The Jefferson Park Transit Center is an intermodal passenger transport center, in the Jefferson Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
 It serves as a station for rail and also as a bus terminal.
 Jefferson Park Transit Center's railroad station is on Metra's Union Pacific/Northwest Line, with the station located at 4963 N. Milwaukee Avenue.
 Jefferson Park is 8.7 mi away from Ogilvie Transportation Center in downtown Chicago, the inbound terminus of the Union Pacific/Northwest Line.
 Under Metra's zone-based fare system, Jefferson Park is in zone B.
 The station is part of a larger transit center that also includes an 'L' station on the Chicago Transit Authority's Blue Line, as well as a bus station.
 The segment for the 'L' is a surface level station with a single island platform, located in the median of the Kennedy Expressway at 4917 N. Milwaukee Avenue.
 Blue Line trains run at intervals of 2–7 minutes during rush hour, and take 25 minutes to travel to the Loop.
 This was the terminal for Blue Line trains once the service was extended from Logan Square.
 The line was extended from Jefferson Park, but some weekday rush hour trips end here.
Herald Square is formed by the intersection of Broadway, Sixth Avenue (officially named Avenue of the Americas), and 34th Street in the borough of Manhattan in New York City.
 Named for the "New York Herald", a now-defunct newspaper formerly headquartered there, it also gives its name to the surrounding area.
 The intersection is a typical Manhattan bow-tie square that consists of two named sections: Herald Square to the north (uptown) and Greeley Square to the south (downtown).
50th Street was a station on the demolished IRT Sixth Avenue Line.
 It had two tracks and two side platforms.
 It was served by trains from the IRT Sixth Avenue Line.
 It closed on December 4, 1938.
 The next southbound stop was 42nd Street.
 For some trains, the next northbound stop was 58th Street Terminal until 1924, while for other trains, the next northbound stop was Eighth Avenue.
 For express trains, the next northbound stop was 66th Street on Ninth Avenue.
 Two years after the station closed, it was replaced two years later by the underground 47th–50th Streets – Rockefeller Center (IND Sixth Avenue Line) subway station.
34th Street–Herald Square is an underground station complex on the BMT Broadway Line and the IND Sixth Avenue Line of the New York City Subway, and is the third-busiest station in the system with 39,285,568 passengers entering the station in 2014.
 It is located at Herald Square in Midtown Manhattan where 34th Street, Broadway and Sixth Avenue intersect, and is served by the:
Grand Central–42nd Street is a major station complex of the New York City Subway.
 Located in Midtown Manhattan at the intersection of Park Avenue and 42nd Street, with parts of the station extending east to Lexington Avenue, it is the second busiest station in the 425 -station system, with 46,121,509 passengers in 2016; only the Times Square station complex has more riders.
 It serves trains on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line, the IRT Flushing Line and the 42nd Street Shuttle, making it an all-IRT transfer point.
 The stations of the complex lie next to and beneath Grand Central Terminal, which serves all Metro-North Railroad lines east of the Hudson River.
Koreatown (Hangul: 맨해튼 코리아타운) is an ethnic Korean enclave in Midtown Manhattan in New York City, centered on West 32nd Street between Fifth Avenue and the intersection of Sixth Avenue and Broadway, which is known as Greeley Square.
 The neighborhood features over 100 small businesses, including eateries and shops.
33rd Street is a terminal station on the PATH system.
 Located at the intersection of 32nd Street and Sixth Avenue in the Herald Square neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, it is served by the Hoboken–33rd Street and Journal Square–33rd Street lines on weekdays, and by the Journal Square–33rd Street (via Hoboken) line on weekends.
 33rd Street serves as the northern terminus of all three lines.
