Hitler – Dead or Alive is a 1942 American propaganda war film directed by Nick Grinde.
 The plot of "Hitler – Dead or Alive" was inspired by true events but takes a quasi-comic tone.
White Bondage is a 1937 American drama film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Anthony Coldeway.
 The film stars Jean Muir, Gordon Oliver, Howard Phillips, Joe King, Harry Davenport and Virginia Brissac.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on August 5, 1937.
Menu is a 1933 American Pre-Code short comedy film directed by Nick Grinde, produced by Pete Smith, and filmed in Technicolor.
 The film was nominated for an Academy Award at the 6th Academy Awards in 1933 for Best Short Subject (Novelty).
 This could be considered a "prequel" to the MGM short film "Penny Wisdom" (1937), also produced by Pete Smith.
The Girl from Alaska is a 1942 American western film directed by Nick Grinde and William Witney and starring Ray Middleton, Jean Parker and Jerome Cowan.
Exiled to Shanghai is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and Armand Schaefer and starring Wallace Ford, June Travis, and Dean Jagger.
The Captain's Kid is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Tom Reed.
 The film stars May Robson, Sybil Jason, Guy Kibbee, Jane Bryan, Fred Lawrence and Dick Purcell.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on November 14, 1936.
Love is on the Air is a 1937 American film directed by Nick Grinde.
 The film stars Ronald Reagan and June Travis, supported by Eddie Acuff, Robert Barrat, Raymond Hatton, and Willard Parker.
 It was Reagan's screen debut.
 The movie was the first of three remakes of the 1933 Paul Muni picture "Hi, Nellie".
 (The later ones were "You Can't Escape Forever" (1942), with George Brent, and "House Across the Street" (1949), with Wayne Morris.)
Public Enemy's Wife is a 1936 American crime film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Abem Finkel and Harold Buckley.
 The film stars Pat O'Brien, Margaret Lindsay, Robert Armstrong, Cesar Romero, Dick Foran and Joe King.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on July 25, 1936.
The Man They Could Not Hang is a 1939 horror film, the first of three similarly-plotted titles produced by Columbia Pictures, directed by Nick Grinde, and starring Boris Karloff as Dr. Henryk Savaard.
 The supporting cast features Lorna Gray and Ann Doran.
Public Wedding is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Roy Chanslor and Houston Branch.
 The film stars Jane Wyman (in her first starring role), William Hopper, Dick Purcell, Marie Wilson, Berton Churchill and Archie Robbins.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on July 10, 1937.
