Dr. Walter Paul Emil Schreiber (21 March 1893 – 5 September 1970) was a German medical military officer in World War I, a brigadier-general ("Generalarzt") of the Medical Service of the Wehrmacht and a key witness against Hermann Goering during the Nuremberg Trials.
Josef "Seppl" Veltjens (2 June 1894 – 6 October 1943) was a German World War I fighter ace credited with 35 victories.
 In later years, he served as an international arms dealer, as well as a personal emissary from Hermann Göring to Benito Mussolini.
 He was awarded Pour le Mérite, the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, and the Iron Cross.
Don F. Pratt Memorial Museum is an official U.S. Army Museum located in Building 5702 on Tennessee Avenue at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
 Military artifacts and memorabilia are available to touch and view at the museum which features interior and exterior exhibits that help visitors better reflect on military history.
 Included are helicopters, planes, jeeps, trucks, tanks, captured enemy weapons and equipment from World War II, the Korean War, Vietnam, the Persian Gulf War, Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan.
 Artifacts on exhibit include a recruiter's jeep from the 1970s and items which had belonged high-ranking Nazi officials including Adolf Hitler, Hermann Goering and Julius Streicher, captured by the 101st Airborne Division in 1945 in Berchtesgaden.
 The main museum theme focuses on the history of Fort Campbell and the 101st Airborne Division, but also visitors experience some of this by stepping inside a restored CG-4A cargo glider.
 The museum also has exhibits dedicated to the 11th Airborne Division, 5th Special Forces Group, 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment, and the 12th, 14th, and 20th Armored Divisions which trained at Fort Campbell during World War II.
Hermann Wilhelm Göring (or Goering; ] ; 12 January 1893 – 15 October 1946) was a German political and military leader as well as one of the most powerful figures in the Nazi Party (NSDAP) that ruled Germany from 1933 to 1945.
 A veteran World War I fighter pilot ace, he was a recipient of the "Pour le Mérite".
 He was the last commander of "Jagdgeschwader" 1, the fighter wing once led by Manfred von Richthofen.
The Detlev-Rohwedder-Haus (Detlev Rohwedder House) is a building in Berlin that at the time of its construction was the largest office building in Europe.
 It was constructed between February 1935 and August 1936 to house the German Ministry of Aviation ("Reichsluftfahrtministerium", or RLM), headed by Hermann Goering, a prominent Nazi.
Edda Göring (born 2 June 1938; also known as Edda Goering) is the only child of German politician, military leader, and leading member of the Nazi Party (NSDAP), Hermann Göring, by his second marriage to the German actress Emmy Sonnemann.
Hermann Josef von Kuhl (2 November 1856 – 4 November 1958) was a Prussian military officer, member of the German General Staff, and a "Generalleutnant" during World War I.
 One of the most competent commanders in the German Army, he retired in 1919 to write a number of critically acclaimed essays on the war.
 Hermann von Kuhl is one of only five recipients to be distinguished with both the "military class" and "peace class" of the Pour le Mérite, Prussia's and Germany's highest honor.
Groote Beer is a 52 foot long (LOD) wooden sailing barge, built in Huizen, the Netherlands during World War II.
 Rumored to be built for German Air Marshall Hermann Goering.
 (Actual customer was a German industrialist named Temmler profiting from the war efforts.)
 The design is based on the shallow draft, leeboard equipped, sailing vessels designed as work boats in the North Sea and capable of carrying goods far inland on the canals of the Netherlands and elsewhere.
 WWII ended before the boat was completed, awaiting a new customer.
 In 1947, it was sold to William Greeve, who completed the stunningly ornate construction to match the original design rumors, sailed the boat, and eventually sold it to Charles M. Donnelly (Director of Feadship, Inc.).
 It was shipped across the Atlantic to the East Coast of the United States to be used to show the talents of Dutch ship builders.
 During his ownership it was seen in a number of events and ports, but also was involved in a storm incident which damaged a few beach houses and the boat.
Jan Morávek (1902-1984) was an important member of the Czech Resistance against the German occupation (1939-1945) in Czechoslovakia.
 He worked at the Ceska Zbrojovka armament factory in Prague and later in Romania, under the command of Albert Goering.
 Albert Goering was the younger brother of Reichmarschall Hermann Goering (second in command to Hitler).
Werner G. Goering (born 1 January 1924) was an American bomber pilot who believed himself to be the nephew of the "Luftwaffe" leader Hermann Göring.
 During World War II he flew 48 missions over occupied Europe in Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bombers.
