Cheyenne military societies are one of the two central institutions of traditional Cheyenne Indian tribal governance, the other being the Council of Forty-four.
 While council chiefs are responsible for overall governance of individual bands and the tribe as a whole, the headmen of military societies are in charge of maintaining discipline within the tribe, overseeing tribal hunts and ceremonies, and providing military leadership.
 Historically, council chiefs selected which of the six military societies would assume these duties; after a period of time on-duty, the chiefs would select a different society to take up the duties.
The Council of Forty-four was one of the two central institutions of traditional Cheyenne Indian tribal governance, the other being the military societies such as the Dog Soldiers.
 The influence of the Council of Forty-four waned in the face of internal conflict among the Cheyenne about Cheyenne policy toward encroaching white settlers on the Great Plains, and was dealt a severe blow by the Sand Creek Massacre.
The Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation (Tsėhéstáno in Cheyenne, formerly named the Tongue River Indian Reservation) is home of the federally recognized Northern Cheyenne Tribe.
 Located in southeastern Montana, the reservation is approximately 444,000 acres in size and home to approximately 5,000 Cheyenne people.
 The tribal and government headquarters are in Lame Deer, which is also the home of the annual Northern Cheyenne Pow wow.
 The reservation is bounded on the east by the Tongue River and on the west by the Crow Reservation.
 There are small parcels of non-contiguous off-reservation trust lands in Meade County, South Dakota, northeast of the city of Sturgis.
 Its timbered ridges that extend into northwestern South Dakota are part of Custer National Forest and it is approximately 40 mi east of the site of the 1876 Battle of the Greasy Grass (known to most Americans as the Battle of the Little Bighorn).
The Cheyenne ( ) are one of the Indigenous peoples of the Great Plains and their language is of the Algonquian language family.
 The Cheyenne comprise two Native American tribes, the Só'taeo'o or Só'taétaneo'o (more commonly spelled as Suhtai or Sutaio) and the Tsétsêhéstâhese (also spelled Tsitsistas).
 These tribes merged in the early 19th century.
 Today, the Cheyenne people are split into two federally recognized Nations: the Southern Cheyenne, who are enrolled in the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes in Oklahoma, and the Northern Cheyenne, who are enrolled in the Northern Cheyenne Tribe of the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation in Montana.
Lean Bear (Cheyenne name Awoninahku, 1813–1864), alternatively translated as Starving Bear, was a Cheyenne peace chief.
 He was a member of the Council of Forty-four, a tribal governance devoted to maintaining peace with encroaching United States settlers.
 Lean Bear's most notable peace deals include the Treaty of Fort Wise and a meeting with US President Abraham Lincoln.
 His work towards peace between his people and the American settlers in the Southern Plains were cut short when he was murdered by the 1st Colorado Cavalry Regiment and violent retaliations ensued.
Lame Deer (Meaveʼhoʼeno in Cheyenne) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Rosebud County, Montana.
 The community is named after Miniconjou Lakota chief Lame Deer, who was killed by the U.S. Army in 1877 under a flag of truce south of the town.
 It is the tribal and government agency headquarters of the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation.
 This is the location of the Chief Dull Knife College and the annual Northern Cheyenne Powwow.
Ehyophsta (Cheyenne for "Yellow-Haired Woman") was a Cheyenne woman.
 She was the daughter of Stands-in-the-Timber who died in 1849, and she was the niece of Bad Faced Bull.
 She fought in the Battle of Beecher Island in 1868, and also fought the Shoshone that same year, where she counted coup against one enemy and killed another.
 She fought the Shoshone again in 1869.
 She was also a member of a secret society composed exclusively of Cheyenne women.
 She died in 1915.
Chief Dull Knife College (originally Dull Knife Memorial College) is a small, open-admission, Native American tribal community college and land grant institution.
 Located on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation, in the city of Lame Deer, it has a current enrollment of about 141 students.
 On average, more than half of its graduates move on to four-year colleges.
Executive Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments," was issued by U.S. President Bill Clinton on November 6, 2000.
 This executive order required federal departments and agencies to consult with Indian tribal governments when considering policies that would impact tribal communities.
 Executive Order 13175 reiterated the federal government's previously acknowledged commitment to tribal self-government and limited autonomy.
Eugene Little Coyote was the president of the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation from 2004 to 2007.
 He was elected in November 2004, defeating the incumbent president, Geri Small.
 However, after a conflict with reservation vice president Rick Wolfname that began in July 2007 escalated, the Northern Cheyenne tribal council declared that it would oust Little Coyote as the tribe's president.
 Little Coyote was forcibly removed from office and arrested for trespassing in the tribal office building on December 28, 2007.
 It is worth noting that the move by the tribal council to remove Little Coyote from office was deemed unconstitutional and void by the Northern Cheyenne Constitutional Court.
 The Constitutional Court was however overruled by Bureau of Indian Affairs' regional director Ed Parisian, and later the Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs Carl J. Artman.
 Their involvement in this matter set a historical precedence of the BIA directly meddling with tribal governments.
