The Big Break VII: Reunion at Reunion featured sixteen competitors from previous seasons of "The Big Break" returning to compete for PGA, Champions and LPGA Tour exemptions at the Reunion Resort & Club in Orlando, Florida.
 The series premiered on The Golf Channel on February 25, 2007 and was won by Tommy "Two Gloves" Gainey, who originally competed on "".
The Big Break V: Hawaii was the fifth edition of The Golf Channel's reality television competition program, "The Big Break".
 The show's premise is to award aspiring golf professionals exemptions into event on major tours, eliminating one contestant each week through a series of challenges until only one player is left.
The Big Break VI: Trump National was the sixth edition of The Golf Channel's popular reality television series, "The Big Break".
 The show awards exemptions into selected events on major professional golf tours.
The Big Break I was the first round of "The Big Break", the Golf Channel's reality television program.
 The show's premise is to award an aspiring professional golfer exemptions into selected events or full-season exemptions on certain tours.
 The series debuted on October 6, 2003.
The Big Break III: Ladies Only is the third installment of The Golf Channel's reality series, "The Big Break".
 This installment first aired on February 8, 2005.
 The show was filmed in October 2004 at the Kingsmill Resort and Spa just outside Williamsburg, Virginia.
 The winner of this edition would receive exemptions into two LPGA events and a celebrity tournament (the American Century Championship) in 2005, "not" all of which aired on The Golf Channel.
 Also, a leading golf retailer, Golf Galaxy, was offering $5,000 so that the winning player could purchase whatever they need for the LPGA events, such as new clubs or other accessories.
 The first of those three tournaments was the Michelob ULTRA Open at Kingsmill, held at the golf resort where the show was filmed.
 The Michelob ULTRA Open is commonly referred to as the LPGA's "fifth major," much like The Players Championship is for the PGA Tour.
Full Swing was a game show that combined general knowledge questions and the game of golf which aired on BBC1 for one series from 25 May to 27 July 1996.
 The programme was hosted by Jimmy Tarbuck with voice overs by Rosemarie Ford.
 The show was inspired by (and produced by the team behind) the BBC's popular "Big Break", which featured snooker (and in turn, was influenced by ITV's long-running darts quiz, "Bullseye").
 However, unlike the long-running "Big Break", "Full Swing" did not catch on and only ran for one series.
Big Break Ireland was the 16th edition of the Golf Channel reality show, The Big Break.
 It was contested in the K Club in Straffan, County Kildare, Ireland.
 It premiered on September 20, 2011.
 The eventual winner of the show was Mark Murphy, who won $50,000 and two exemptions to European Tour events, the Trophée Hassan II and the Irish Open.
Mark Lee Kok Huang (; born 16 October 1968) is a Singaporean comedian, actor, television host and film director.
 A veteran Mediacorp artiste, he made his big break in television in 1998 and has gone on to star in and host many local award-winning TV serials and shows, rising to prominence.
Big Break Atlantis was the 17th edition of the Golf Channel's reality show, The Big Break.
 It was contested at the Paradise Island Golf Course on Paradise Island, The Bahamas.
 It premiered on May 14, 2012.
Frank Vlastnik (born May 30, 1969 in Peru, Illinois) is an American theatre and television actor.
 He is best known as an original cast member in the short lived musicals "Big", "Sweet Smell of Success", and "A Year with Frog and Toad" on Broadway, and Off-Broadway in Stephen Sondheim's musical "Saturday Night".
 His big break came when he was cast as the original understudy for the leading role in "Big".
 He later starred on and off-Broadway in "A Year with Frog and Toad" in which he played the 'Snail with the Mail', and was featured on the cast album.
 He also guest starred on episodes of "Law & Order", "The Good Wife", "Boardwalk Empire", "Person of Interest", and "Elementary".
 He is the co-author of the books "Broadway Musicals" and "Sitcoms", both published by Black Dog & Leventhal/Hachette.
