The Priory is a play by Michael Wynne that opened at the downstairs theatre of the Royal Court Theatre in London in 2009.
 The production starred Jessica Hynes, Rupert Penry-Jones, Charlotte Riley, Alastair Mackenzie, Joseph Millson and Rachael Stirling.
 After receiving good reviews, its run was extended.
 Michael Wynne won the Olivier Award for 'Best New Comedy' for "The Priory".
 Stirling was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Performance in a Supporting Role for her role as Rebecca.
From Wishes to Eternity - Live is a live DVD/VHS/CD by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish.
 It was recorded in Tampere, Finland on 29 December 2000.
 The CD was released as a limited edition of 10.000 copies, available only in Finland.
 In late 2005, Spinefarm managed to release it in Europe.
 In addition to a show of Nightwish material, the band also performed a medley, "Crimson Tide, Deep Blue Sea", which borrowed melodies from Hans Zimmer's music in the 1995 film "Crimson Tide" and Trevor Rabin's music in the 1999 film "Deep Blue Sea".
Stephen Mear (born 1964) is an English dancer and choreographer best known for his award-winning work in musical theatre.
 In 2005, Mear and co-choreographer Matthew Bourne won the Laurence Olivier Award for "Best Choreography", for their work on the new West End musical "Mary Poppins".
 This production later transferred to Broadway in 2006, being nominated for the Tony Award for "Best Choreography" in 2007.
 Most recently, Mear choreographed the new Broadway musical of Disney's "The Little Mermaid" (2007–08).
 In recognition of his achievements, in 2007 Mear was the recipient of a Carl Alan Award, an award voted for by leading dance organisations in the United Kingdom.
 In 2010, Stephen Mear won a Laurence Olivier Award for best Theatre Choreographer for his work on Hello Dolly at the Open Air Theatre, Regent's Park, he was also a choreographer for "So You Think You Can Dance (UK)", in the category broadway.
The Deep Blue Sea is a 1955 British drama film directed by Anatole Litvak, starring Vivien Leigh and Kenneth More and released by Twentieth Century Fox.
 The picture was based on the play of the same name by Terence Rattigan.
 Rattigan's play has also been filmed by Terence Davies with Rachel Weisz in the Vivien Leigh role of 'Hester' and Tom Hiddleston as 'Freddie'.
 The movie tells the story of a woman unhappy in her passionless marriage leaving her husband for a younger and more ardent lover.
The Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Play is an annual award presented by The Society of London Theatre in recognition of achievements in commercial British theatre.
 The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Laurence Olivier.
Azurite is a soft, deep blue copper mineral produced by weathering of copper ore deposits.
 It is also known as Chessylite after the type locality at Chessy-les-Mines near Lyon, France.
 The mineral, a carbonate, has been known since ancient times, and was mentioned in Pliny the Elder's Natural History under the Greek name "kuanos" (κυανός: "deep blue," root of English "cyan") and the Latin name "caeruleum".
 The blue of azurite is exceptionally deep and clear, and for that reason the mineral has tended to be associated since antiquity with the deep blue color of low-humidity desert and winter skies.
 The modern English name of the mineral reflects this association, since both "azurite" and "azure" are derived via Arabic from the Persian "lazhward" (لاژورد), an area known for its deposits of another deep blue stone, lapis lazuli ("stone of azure").
The Deep Blue Sea is a 2011 British romantic drama film directed by Terence Davies and starring Rachel Weisz, Tom Hiddleston, and Simon Russell Beale.
 It is an adaptation of the 1952 Terence Rattigan play "The Deep Blue Sea" about the wife of a judge who engages in an affair with a former RAF pilot.
 This film version is funded by the UK Film Council and Film4, produced by Sean O'Connor and Kate Ogborn.
Sheila Cameron Hancock, CBE (born 22 February 1933) is an English actress and author.
 Hancock trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art before starting her career in repertory theatre.
 Hancock went on to perform in plays and musicals in London, and her Broadway debut in "Entertaining Mr Sloane."
 (1966) earned her a Tony Award nomination for Best Lead Actress in Play.
 She won a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Performance in a Supporting Role in a Musical for her role in "Cabaret" (2007) and was nominated at the Laurence Olivier Awards four other times for her work in "" (1980), "The Winter's Tale" (1982), "Prin" (1989) and "Sister Act" (2010).
Sir Ian Holm CBE (born 12 September 1931) is an English actor known for his stage work and many film roles.
 He received the 1967 Tony Award for Best Featured Actor for his performance as Lenny in "The Homecoming" and the 1998 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor for his performance in the title role of "King Lear".
 He won the 1981 BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role as athletics trainer Sam Mussabini in "Chariots of Fire", for which he was also nominated for an Academy Award.
Deep Blue Sea is the soundtrack to the 1999 science fiction thriller film "Deep Blue Sea".
 It was released on June 27, 1999 through Warner Bros.
 Records and consisted of hip hop and R&B music.
 The soundtrack didn't find much success, only making it to #55 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The lone single was LL Cool J's "Deepest Bluest", but it was unsuccessful to make it to any Billboard charts.
 LL was quoted as saying "This was my finest shark-related song ever.
 I can't believe it didn't chart."
