The Jackson Free Press, referred to often as simply "JFP", is an alternative weekly newspaper in Jackson, Mississippi founded in 2002 by Mississippi native Donna Ladd, author and technology expert Todd Stauffer and a group of young Jacksonians wanting a progressive voice in the state.
 It is currently the only member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies (AAN) in the state of Mississippi.
 JFP distributes approximately 17,000 free copies to 425+ locations throughout the Jackson metropolitan area each week.
 It is known locally for its annual Best of Jackson awards as nominated by its readers and its online political blogs.
 It also sponsors numerous local events such as the Fondren ArtMix, JubileeJam, the Chick Ball, the "Race, Religion & Society Series" and the Crossroads Film Festival.
The CFL on TSN is TSN's presentation of the Canadian Football League.
 TSN has broadcast CFL games since the 1987 season and has been the exclusive broadcaster of all CFL games (including the playoffs and Grey Cup) since 2008.
 While the CFL on TSN shows all CFL games, the game of the week is aired on "Wendy's Friday Night Football".
 An additional, more entertainment-focused "Thursday Night Football" telecast (unrelated to the National Football League package of the same name, which aired on rival Sportsnet until 2016 but moved to TSN and sister network CTV Two in 2017) was added in 2015.
The Saint Andrew's Society of the State of New York is the oldest charitable institution in the state of New York.
 The organization was founded in 1756 by Scotsmen in New York City who were looking to "relieve the distressed."
 It was named for the patron saint of Scotland, Saint Andrew.
 Past presidents of the venerable society include Philip Livingston, William Alexander (the "Earl of Stirling"), Andrew Carnegie and Ward Melville.
 The society still provides for needy Scots in New York City via its almoners program and has a scholarship program that allows two Scots to attend graduate school in the USA and two American students to attend graduate school at a Scottish institution of higher learning.
 Social events for the Society include the Tartan Day parade in April and an annual banquet in November.
 The Society sponsors a Kirkin' o' the Tartan service during Tartan Week in April of each year.
 The Society offices are located on East 55th Street in Manhattan, which houses a fine collection of books about Scotland.
The Political Cesspool is a weekly far-right talk radio show founded by Tennessean political activist James Edwards and syndicated by the organizations Liberty News Radio Network and Accent Radio Network in the United States.
 First broadcast in October 2004 twice a week from radio station WMQM, per Edwards it has been simulcast on Stormfront Radio, a service of the white nationalist Stormfront website and as of 2011 is broadcast on Saturday nights on WLRM, a Christian radio station in Millington, Tennessee.
 Its sponsors include the white separatist Council of Conservative Citizens and the Institute for Historical Review, a Holocaust denial group.
The U Sports East West Bowl is an annual postseason Canadian university football all-star game which showcases the top U Sports football prospects in the country who will be eligible for the following year's CFL (Canadian Football League) draft.
 The East West Bowl is organized with the help of the Canadian University Football Coaches Association (CUFCA) and in partnership with the CFL, it brings together over 90 of the top U Sports football players for a week of practices and evaluation, culminating with the annual all-star game.
 A national committee of U Sports head coaches selects the participants from a pool of players nominated by their respective universities.
 Players who are generally in their 3rd year of eligibility are the prime candidates for nomination.
 Every U Sports football program is represented by a minimum of three and a maximum of four players who will be eligible for the CFL draft the following year.
 Each school submits a list of six players they nominate.
 A committee of U Sports coaches and CFL representatives review the nominations and determine who gets invited.
The Labour Day Classic is a particular week of the Canadian Football League (CFL) schedule that is played over the Labour Day weekend (which includes the first Monday in September).
 Labour Day weekend, roughly 10 weeks into the CFL season, is known for its matchups that do not change from year to year, unlike other "rivalry" weeks of the CFL schedule (with the exception of the BC–Montreal game which took place during the absence of Montreal's traditional rival Ottawa; both the Rough Riders and Renegades played in it).
 Labour Day weekend is also only one of two weeks (the Thanksgiving Day Classic being the other) in the CFL schedule that the league plays on a Monday.
 Mark's is the presenting sponsor of the event as of 2014.
Yugntruf (in Yiddish: יוגנטרוף), or "Youth for Yiddish" is an organization of young Yiddish-speaking adults that is dedicated to the spread of the Yiddish language through various programs and events.
 It was founded by David Roskies and Gavi Trunk under the guidance of the late Dr. Mordkhe Schaechter in 1964.
 Included in these events are the Yidish-Tog, a day in New York in which programs are run in Yiddish, the Svive Project, in which groups of Yiddish speakers come together to read and discuss in Yiddish, and the week-long Yidish-vokh retreat, held in Reisterstown, Maryland, in which participants spend an entire week conversing completely in Yiddish.
 In addition, Yugntruf sponsors a literary magazine as well as the publishing of books for children in Yiddish.
 Many members of Yugntruf have decided to raise their children as Yiddish speakers.
Keith Gary (born September 14, 1959) is a former American football defensive end.
 Gary was selected in the first round by the Pittsburgh Steelers out of the University of Oklahoma in the 1981 NFL Draft, but didn't sign and went to play two seasons with the Montreal Alouettes of the CFL.
 He then played six seasons with the Steelers.
 He may be known for making one of the most vicious facemasks in NFL history.
 During a week 6 game against the Bengals he grabbed Ken Andeson by the facemask and the neck area.
 He brought him down, ripping his facemask off in the process.
Daryl Townsend (born September 25, 1985) is a Canadian football defensive back for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
 He was signed as undrafted free agent by the Saskatchewan Roughriders following the 2011 CFL Draft.
 He spent one week on their practice roster before being picked up by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, playing in one game for the club.
 Soon after, he was signed by the Alouettes on October 6, 2011.
 He played CIS Football with the Windsor Lancers.
 Before his college career, Daryl played Cegep Div 1(formerly 3A league) football for the Cougars at Champlain College in Lennoxville, Quebec, Canada.
Amariah Farrow (born September 29, 1980) is a former Canadian football offensive lineman.
 He weighs 325 lb.
 and is 6'5 tall.
 For his college career, Farrow went to Midwestern State University.
 After college (2005), he signed with the Lions as a free agent.
 Farrow spent the majority of the 2005 CFL season on the practice roster.
 He made his CFL debut during week 16 versus the Montreal Alouettes and backed up B.C.'s offensive line in 2 games in October of that season.
 In 2006, Farrow spent the first 4 weeks on the Lions 46-man roster but did not see any action.
 He started his only game that year in week 19 (last week of the season) against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
 In 2007, Farrow was made a backup because of the departure of Bobby Singh to the Calgary Stampeders.
 He was traded to the Saskatchewan Roughriders prior to the 2008 CFL season.
