"Bodies" (often called "Let the Bodies Hit the Floor") is a song by the American rock band Drowning Pool and also is the lead single from their debut album "Sinner".
 Released in May 2001, the song is Drowning Pool's signature song and has been featured in various films, TV programs, and advertisements since its release.
 It was also the theme song for the 2001 WWF SummerSlam pay-per-view event, as well as that of the ECW brand in 2006 to early 2008.
 During 2001, the song got popular, but the song was taken off radio stations after the September 11 attacks because the song would've been inappropriate for the terrorist attack.
"Step Up" is a single by American rock band Drowning Pool.
 It was originally released on "" in March 2004 and appeared in the film's end credits.
 It was included on Drowning Pool's second studio album, "Desensitized", the following month.
 This served as the band's first single with new frontman Jason "Gong" Jones and introduced him to many fans.
"37 Stitches" is a song by American rock band Drowning Pool and the third single from their third studio album "Full Circle".
 It is Drowning Pool's first-ever top 5 hit on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and was available for free in the iPhone OS application "Tap Tap Revenge 2".
 It was the first song to appear on the Rock Songs chart, peaking at #42.
Resilience is the fifth studio album by American rock band Drowning Pool.
 The album was released on April 9, 2013.
 It is the first Drowning Pool album recorded with vocalist Jasen Moreno.
 The album was also made available for download from iTunes and in MP3 Format at Amazon.
Loudest Common Denominator is a live album by American rock band Drowning Pool, and was recorded in San Diego.
 It was released on March 3, 2009.
 On February 4, 2009, Eleven Seven Music released a video on YouTube of the band revealing details of the album.
 These details included the album having acoustic versions of both "37 Stitches" and "Shame".
 On February 5, 2009, Drowning Pool announced on their official website the track listings of the album, and also revealed the cover of the album.
The Walls are an Irish rock band.
 They were formed in 1998 by two ex-members of The Stunning – brothers Steve and Joe Wall.
 Their debut album "Hi-Lo" was released in 2000 and included the singles "Bone Deep", "Something's Wrong" and "Some kind of a Girl".
 U2 invited The Walls to support them at their second show in Slane Castle in 2002 after the band sent them copies of their debut.
 A number of songs from "Hi-Lo" featured in movies: Goldfish Memory, On the Edge, and Dead Bodies.
 In 2002 they released the single "To the Bright and Shining Sun".
 It was used on an Irish TV commercial and became a hit in Ireland.
 The subsequent album "New Dawn Breaking" (2005) included "To the Bright and Shining Sun" and three other singles: "Drowning Pool", "Passing Through" and "Black and Blue".
 The 2013 movie Begin Again starring Keira Knightley and Mark Ruffalo features "Drowning Pool" over the opening credits.
 The first track on the album "Open Road" proved a favourite with Nic Harcourt on his KCRW show "Morning Becomes Eclectic" and he invited the band to play a session on the show in 2006.
 They played SXSW in Austin, Texas, a few days beforehand.
 The following year the band travelled to Australia and played their first shows there, opening up for Crowded House on the latter's first reunion gigs.
 The Walls opened the shows in Sydney and Melbourne and also performed their own gigs in both of those cities.
 The band's third album "Stop the Lights" was released in 2012.
 The first single "Bird in a Cage" became a firm favourite with Irish radio, in particular with Irish DJ Tony Fenton who championed them.
 The second single was the title track "Stop the Lights", an autobiographical story of a motorbike crash.
 A video was shot for the song in the brother's hometown, Ennistymon, and in the Dublin mountains.
 In March 2013 the band played their first shows in Russia and performed live on the Evening Urgant show.
 They returned the following year.
Sinner is the debut studio album by American rock band Drowning Pool.
 The album is the band's most popular album, being certified platinum in the same year that it was released in.
 This was due at least in part to "Bodies" which remains the band's most well-known song.
 This is the only studio album by the band to feature original lead singer Dave Williams.
 While touring in support of "Sinner", he died on August 14, 2002 from cardiomyopathy.
 The album debuted at #14 on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
 Drowning Pool released a reissue of the album called the "Unlucky 13th Anniversary Edition" in 2014.
 The album was put at no. 25 on Metal Descent's list "The 25 Best Alternative Metal Albums".
Drowning Pool is an American rock band formed in Dallas, Texas in 1996.
 The band was named after the film "The Drowning Pool".
 Since its formation, the band has consisted of guitarist C.J. Pierce, bassist Stevie Benton and drummer Mike Luce, as well as a revolving cast of vocalists.
 The band's current vocalist is Jasen Moreno.
"Feel Like I Do" is the first single from American rock band Drowning Pool's self-titled album.
 It was released to radio on February 9, 2010.
 It was used during the broadcast of the Los Angeles Galaxy vs Chivas USA game on ESPN.
 It was also used during the 2010 NFL Draft.
 "Feel Like I Do" is the highest-charting single by Drowning Pool to date, reaching #4 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and surpassing "37 Stitches", which peaked at #5.
 It is the band's second top-5 hit on that chart.
Drowning Pool is the eponymous fourth studio album by American rock band Drowning Pool.
 It was released on April 27, 2010 and is the band's first album not to feature a different singer, as Ryan McCombs remained with Drowning Pool after their 2007 album "Full Circle", although he did, however, leave the band in 2011 to rejoin his previous band SOiL.
