"Potage" is the third episode of the first season of the psychological thriller–horror series "Hannibal".
 The episode was written by David Fury, Chris Brancato and Bryan Fuller from a story by Fury, and directed by David Slade.
 It was first broadcast on April 18, 2013, on NBC.
 The series is based on characters and elements appearing in Thomas Harris' novels "Red Dragon" and "Hannibal", with focus on the relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham (Hugh Dancy) and Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Mads Mikkelsen), a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy.
Madeleine Robinson (born Madeleine Svoboda; 1916–2004) was a French actress.
 She was born to a French mother and Czech father near Paris.
 She was orphaned at the age of 14, and worked to support herself and her two younger brothers, but enjoyed watching plays.
 She then studied under Charles Dullin.
 Her first lead role was in "Forty Little Mothers" (1936).
 During the Occupation of France, she had a prominent role in "Love Story" and "Lumière d'été" (both 1943), and "The Bellman" (1945).
 Because she had acted during the Occupation, Robinson found it difficult to get work afterwards, but again came to prominence in Une si jolie petite plage (1949).
 Madeleine Robinson won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress in 1959 for her role in "À double tour".
 In 2001, she was awarded a for her contribution to the field.
Major General Stuart Clarence Graham AO, DSO, OBE, MC (23 October 1920 – 20 July 1996) was a senior officer in the Australian Army, seeing service during the Second World War, the Occupation of Japan and the Vietnam War.
 Born in 1920, he graduated from the Royal Military College, Duntroon in 1940.
 Graham subsequently held a series of regimental and staff appointments, serving in a number of infantry and armoured units during the Second World War.
 In the post-war period he served in the British Commonwealth Occupation Force in Japan, and held a number of staff and command positions in the Armoured Corps.
 In the late 1950s he was posted to Army Headquarters, and later served as Director of Military Intelligence.
 Commanding the 1st Australian Task Force (1 ATF) during fighting in South Vietnam during 1967, he was responsible for establishing the controversial barrier minefield from Dat Do to the coast.
 Later, Graham filled a range of senior command, staff and diplomatic roles in Australia and overseas, including the position of Deputy Chief of the General Staff (DCGS), before retiring in 1977.
 He died in 1996.
"Amuse-Bouche" is the second episode of the first season of the psychological thriller–horror series "Hannibal".
 The episode was written by Jim Danger Gray, and directed by Michael Rymer.
 It was first broadcast on April 11, 2013, on NBC.
 The series is based on characters and elements appearing in Thomas Harris' novels "Red Dragon" and "Hannibal", with focus on the relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham (Hugh Dancy) and Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Mads Mikkelsen), a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy.
Hannibal is an American psychological thriller–horror television series developed by Bryan Fuller for NBC.
 The series is based on characters and elements appearing in Thomas Harris' novels "Red Dragon" and "Hannibal", with focus on the relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham (Hugh Dancy) and Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Mads Mikkelsen), a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy.
Freddy Lounds (or Fredricka "Freddie" Lounds) is a fictional character in the Hannibal Lecter series, created by author Thomas Harris.
 Lounds first appears in the 1981 novel "Red Dragon" as a foil to protagonist Will Graham who is ultimately murdered by primary antagonist Francis Dolarhyde.
"Apéritif" is the first episode of psychological thriller–horror series "Hannibal".
 The episode was written by Bryan Fuller, and directed by David Slade.
 It was first broadcast on April 4, 2013, on NBC.
 The series is based on characters and elements appearing in Thomas Harris' novels "Red Dragon" and "Hannibal", with focus on the relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham (Hugh Dancy) and Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Mads Mikkelsen), a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy.
Her father, Georgios Sokos, was a journalist, editor and playwright from Aitoliko who died at the age of 44, just before the war.
 Her mother Titika Michailidou came from Smyrna.
 Rosita-Maria-Zoe (her full name) was born in Athens, Greece, on 9 September 1923.
 Her grandfather, Fotis Michailidis, was a cinema and theatre fan and made her see all films and plays available every week, and Rosita started writing reviews of what she saw while in high school.
 Fotis Michailidis was also the co-founder of Greek pasta manufacturer MISKO in 1927.
 Rozita Sokou graduated from the Arsakeio School in Psychiko.
 During the war and occupation she perfected her French at the Institut Français under Roger Milliex and English at the British Council (Cambridge Diploma of English Studies).
 She attended the State School of Fine Arts which she left to study with painter Yannis Tsarouchis - who later discouraged her from becoming a painter - and also attended the Vassilis Rotas Drama School for the purpose of general knowledge, while working from a tender age as a translator and a foreign language teacher.
 After the end of the German Occupation and Civil War, in 1947, she attended a summer course on 20th century literature at Lady Margaret Hall College in Oxford.
"Oeuf" (also known as "Ceuf" or "Œuf") is the fourth episode of the first season of the psychological thriller–horror series "Hannibal".
 The episode was written by Jennifer Schuur, and directed by Peter Medak.
 The series is based on characters and elements appearing in Thomas Harris' novels "Red Dragon" and "Hannibal", with focus on the relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham (Hugh Dancy) and Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Mads Mikkelsen), a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy.
Sir de Vic Graham Carey was born in Guernsey on 15 June 1940, the son of advocate V M G de Vic ("Michael") Carey and Jean (née Bullen).
 At the age of 10 days he evacuated to England with his parents in the face of German invasion.
 His grandfather Victor ( later Sir Victor) Carey remained as Bailiff and Civil Lieutenant Governor throughout the occupation.
 His father joined the Somerset Light Infantry and de Vic's early years were spent in Somerset.
 The family returned to Guernsey in 1945.
 de Vic was sent away to board at Cheam School and then Bryanston.
 In 1959 he matriculated at Trinity Hall, Cambridge and graduated as a BA in 1962 (MA 1967).
