Village Christian Academy is a private Christian school in Fayetteville, North Carolina, United States.
 It is located at 908 South McPherson Church Road.
 It is a Christian school founded by Village Baptist Church, although it is a non-denominational school, and uses the facilities of the church.
 With over 820 students, it is the biggest private school in Cumberland County, North Carolina.
Mount Vernon Springs Historic District is a national historic district located near Bonlee, Chatham County, North Carolina.
 The district encompasses 23 contributing buildings, 3 contributing sites, and 7 contributing structures in the rural village of Mount Vernon Springs.
 The village grew up near a locally famous mineral spring.
 Notable buildings include the Greek Revival style Female Dormitory of the Baptist Academy (1855), Gothic Revival style Mt. Vernon Springs Presbyterian Church (1885), the John C. Kirkman House (c. 1877), Robert P. Johnson House (c, 1883), and John M. Foust House (c. 1881 and c. 1910).
 Also located in the district are the Mt. Vernon Springs, the Baptist Academy Cemetery, and the Mt. Vernon Springs Presbyterian Church cemetery.
Brandywine Village Historic District is a national historic district located along Brandywine Creek at Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.
 It encompasses 12 contributing buildings, 7 contributing sites, and 2 contributing structures.
 Brandywine Village developed in the late-18th century as a group of flour mills, the homes of prosperous millers, mill workers, shop keepers and artisans.
 Located in the district are a set of mill owner built homes of granite.
 Notable buildings include the Gothic Revival style St. John's Episcopal Church (1857-1858) designed by noted Philadelphia architect John Notman, Brandywine Methodist Episcopal Church (1857), and Brandywine Academy (1798).
 In 1788, Brandywine Village was the site of the first mechanized mill designed by Oliver Evans.
Pineville Historic District is a national historic district located at Pineville, Berkeley County, South Carolina.
 It encompasses seven contributing buildings and illustrates Pineville's original role as a 19th-century pineland village, and its gradual transformation to agricultural land and to a year-round community in the late-19th and early-20th centuries.
 The Pineville Historic District consists of four principal buildings, three residential buildings and one Episcopal church, ranging in date from about 1810 through 1925.
 The architectural styles represented include Federal, Greek Revival, and Bungalow.
 In the mid to late-19th century, Pineville was a densely settled village that included as many as one hundred buildings, including an academy, racetrack, library, churches, and residences.
 Much of the town was burned by Union troops at the close of the American Civil War in April 1865.
 In the years following the war, much of the land that made up the village was converted for use as farmland.
 Since that time, Pineville has remained a small community of less than 20 structures surrounded by open farm and hunting lands.
Erskine Academy is a private high school located in South China, Maine that serves eight surrounding towns.
 The campus occupies about 25 acre of land and includes several academic buildings as well as various athletic fields.
Franklin Academy High School (commonly called Franklin Academy or FA) is a public high school located in the rural village of Malone, New York that enrolls students from Malone and surrounding communities in northern Franklin County such as Bangor, Belmont, Burke, Constable, Duane and Westville.
 With an enrollment of around 800 students in Grades 9-12, Franklin Academy is one of the larger high schools in the North Country region of Upstate New York and is accredited by the New York State Department of Education.
Unionville Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Unionville in East Marlborough Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.
 It encompasses 69 contributing buildings in the village of Unionville.
 It includes a variety of brick, stone, and frame residences the earliest of which is dated to about 1750.
 Notable buildings include Unionville Academy (1834), country store (c. 1875), Union Hotel (1834), Cross Keys Inn (1751), Unionville Saddle Shop (1887), Unionville Hall (1849–50), Grange Hall (1845; originally the Friends Meetinghouse), and Green Lawn Seminary.
Bellport Academy is a historic school building located at Bellport in Suffolk County, New York.
 It was built in 1833 as the village's first school and remodeled in 1919.
 It is located within the Bellport Village Historic District.
Bellport Village Historic District, formerly known as the Bell Street Historic District, is a national historic district located at Bellport in Suffolk County, New York.
 Located within the district is the separately listed Bellport Academy.
 It also includes the Village Hall, Bellport Community Center, the former fire house, and a museum/exchange shop built in 1890, as well as other structures.
Fewkes Group Archaeological Site (40 WM 1), also known as the "Boiling Springs Site", is a prehistoric Native American archaeological site located in the city of Brentwood, in Williamson County, Tennessee.
 It is in Primm Historic Park on the grounds of Boiling Spring Academy, a historic schoolhouse established in 1830.
 The 15-acre site consists of the remains of a late Mississippian culture mound complex and village roughly dating to 1050-1475 AD.
 The site, which sits on the western bank of the Little Harpeth River, has five mounds, some used for burial and others, including the largest, were ceremonial platform mounds.
 The village was abandoned for unknown reasons around 1450.
 The site is named in honor of Dr. J. Walter Fewkes, the Chief of the Bureau of American Ethnology in 1920, who had visited the site and recognized its potential.
