Whispering Corridors (; also known as Ghost School and Ghost School Horror) is a South Korean horror film series.
 The series uses an all-girls high school as the backdrop for each of its films and doesn't share a continuing plot.
 Every "Whispering Corridors" film features a different plot, characters and settings.
 The series is notable for helping generate the explosion of the New Korean Wave cinematic movement, and dealing with taboo topics such as authoritarianism in the harsh South Korean education system, gay relationships and teen suicide, following the liberalization of censorship.
Kotodama – Spiritual Curse (学校の怪談　呪いの言霊 , Gakkō no Kaidan Noroi no Kotodama ) is a 2014 Japanese school horror film written and directed by Masayuki Ochiai and based on "Gakkō no Kaidan".
 The main cast includes the five members of the Japanese idol girl group Tokyo Girls' Style.
 The film was released on May 23, 2014.
The Crimson Ghost is a 1946 Republic film serial directed by Fred C. Brannon and William Witney with Charles Quigley and Linda Stirling playing the leads.
 This was Witney's last serial, after a career that left him one of the most praised of all serial directors.
 The serial was re-released as a six-episode television series in the 1950s and as a television film called Cyclotrode "X" in 1966.
 In the 1990s "The Crimson Ghost" was one of only two Republic serials to be colorised.
 The villain of the serial, the Crimson Ghost of the title, is one of the most visually striking of the medium.
 The horror punk band Misfits adapted his visage as their skull logo, and he has appeared in the music video for the song "The Number of the Beast" by Iron Maiden.
Greedy Ghost (: "Tān Xīn Guĭ Jiàn Guĭ" ) is a Singaporean comedy horror film and the third film in the Singapore "Ghost" franchise, the first being "Where Got Ghost?
", and the second being "The Ghosts Must Be Crazy", the cast differs, though, directed and written by Boris Boo.
 The film is executive produced by local funnyman Mark Lee, stars Kang Kang, Henry Thia, Brendan Yuen and Jesseca Liu, and is about the greed of a worker at a funeral parlour causing him to see actual ghosts.
 The film is Lee's very first attempt as an executive producer and is also the inaugural time in which his talent company, Galaxy Entertainment, is funding a movie.
 Officially opened in cinemas on August 16, 2012, in Singapore, and on July 26, 2012, in Malaysia, filming commenced and took place in the latter.
Ghost Banana Tree (Cambodian title: "Khmoach Daoem Chek Chvia", Khmer: ខ្មោចដើមចេកជ្វា ) is a 2005 film.
 It is a successful Cambodian horror film based on a Cambodian ghost story about a vengeful ghost woman haunting a banana tree and killing her husband.
 It's the fourth successful horror film by Campro production, following "ang Neath", "The Forest" and "The Haunted House".
Togusa (Japanese: トグサ ) is the second most prominently featured male character in Masamune Shirow's "Ghost in the Shell" manga and anime series.
 In "", as well as the original "Ghost in the Shell" film, it is stated that he is the youngest member of Section 9 and the only family man.
 His voice is provided by Kōichi Yamadera in most of his Japanese-speaking appearances, while Hirotaka Suzuoki provides his voice in the "Ghost in the Shell" PlayStation game.
 In the film's English dub he is voiced by Christopher Joyce, while Crispin Freeman performs his voice in the English dub of the TV series and the English dub of "".
Cha Ye-ryun (born Park Hyun-Ho on July 16, 1985) is a South Korean actress.
 A graduate of Sangmyung High School, she began acting in 2005 at the age of 20, when she had a supporting role in the horror film Voice.
 In 2007, she made her official television debut as one of the main cast members in the melodrama Bad Love.
 Cha played her first leading role in the 2014 romantic-comedy film The Actress Is Too Much.
Puzzle (パズル ) is a 2014 Japanese school horror film directed by Eisuke Naito and based on the novel by Yusuke Yamada.
 It was released on March 8, 2014.
The first contribution of Julius Roden in the world of independent cinema was the old school horror movie Kasambahay (The Dead's Grin), - released in 2008 at the U.P. Film Institute.
School Ghost Stories (学校の怪談 , Gakkō no Kaidan ) is a 1995 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama.
 The film is the first of the "School Ghost Stories" features, and was followed by "School Ghost Stories 2" in 1996.
