Hemenway was a Japanese rock band formed in 2011 by Korean-Americans Isaac and Charm, along with Toshi and Ogaching who are Japanese natives.
 The members originally met at Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts in 2008 before forming the band.
 Isaac, the band's vocalist, speaks English, Korean and Japanese, and many of their songs feature lyrics in all three languages.
Vola and the Oriental Machine (also known as Vola) is a four-member Japanese rock band formed by ex-Number Girl and Zazen Boys drummer Ahito Inazawa in 2005.
 The group is named after the soccer team Vola F.C., which was also the name of the short-lived band formed by Inazawa before Number Girl's disbandment in 2002.
Rina Suzuki (鈴木 理菜 , Suzuki Rina , born August 21, 1991, Nara Prefecture, Japan) , known for both with her full name or by her stage name RINA, is a Japanese rock musician.
 She is the drummer and occasional vocalist of the Japanese rock band Scandal.
 Suzuki is also part of a supergroup called Halloween Junky Orchestra led by established musicians such as Hyde and K.A.Z of Vamps for their October 2012 hit single Halloween Party.
Friction (Japanese: フリクション , Hepburn: Frikushon ) is a Japanese rock band, formed in 1978.
 They originally began in 1971 under the name Circle Triangle Square, and are considered to be one of the pioneers of Japan's alternative rock scene.
 In September 2007, "Rolling Stone Japan" rated their debut album "Atsureki" at #21 on its list of the "100 Greatest Japanese Rock Albums of All Time".
Tomomi Ogawa (小川 ともみ , Ogawa Tomomi , born May 31, 1990 in Hyōgo Prefecture) , known for both her full name or by her stage name Tomomi, is a Japanese rock singer-songwriter and musician.
 She serves as the bassist and secondary vocalist of the Japanese rock band Scandal.
 She co-wrote most of their songs throughout the band's career.
"Stay Away" is the 21st single by Japanese rock band L'Arc-en-Ciel, released on July 19, 2000.
 In the same day, Japanese rock band Glay's single "Mermaid" was also released.
 Although "Stay Away" sold over 504,000 copies in the first week, "Mermaid" debuted at number 1 with the sales of over 525,000 copies.
 The second track "Get out from the Shell" is also included in their album "Real" as the English-language song "Get out from the Shell (Asian version)".
 "Stay Away" was elected as "the best video of the year" at the "Space Shower Music Video Awards 00".
Barbee Boys were a successful 1980s Japanese rock band.
 The ban debuted in 1984 and were popular through the 1980s, becoming the first Japanese rock band to perform at the Nippon Budokan, until disbanding in 1992.
 The five members were: Konta (real name Atsushi Kondou), male vocals and soprano sax; female vocalist Kyoko Sekihara; lead guitarist and songwriter Tomotaka Imamichi, who went on to have a career as a songwriter for other bands; bassist and pianist Enrique; and drummer Toshiaki Konuma.
 The band played a reunion concert in 2008.
Japanese rock (Japanese: 日本のロック , Hepburn: Nihon no Rokku ) , sometimes abbreviated to , is rock music from Japan.
 Influenced by American and British rock of the 1960s, the first rock bands in Japan performed what is called Group Sounds, with lyrics almost exclusively in English.
 Folk rock band Happy End in the early 1970s are credited as the first to sing rock music in the Japanese language.
 Punk rock band the Blue Hearts and heavy metal group X Japan, led Japanese rock bands in the late 1980s and early 1990s by achieving major mainstream success.
 Japanese rock music has become a cult worldwide, being widely known in Asia and has survived through decades competing with its contemporary derivative local style J-pop.
Luna Sea (stylized as LUNA SEA) is a Japanese rock band formed in Kanagawa Prefecture in 1986.
 Due to the use of make-up and costumes early in their career and their widespread popularity, they are considered one of the most successful and influential bands in the visual kei movement.
 Throughout the mid-1990s they used significantly less make-up, and after a one-year break in 1998, came back with a more mainstream alternative rock style and toned down their on-stage attire.
 When they disbanded in 2000, they left a big mark on the Japanese rock scene.
 In 2003, HMV Japan ranked Luna Sea at number 90 on their list of the 100 most important Japanese pop acts.
T-Bolan was a Japanese rock band which debuted in 1991.
 Its members were vocal Arashi Moritomo, drummer Kazuyoshi Aoki, guitarist Takeshi Gomi, and bassist Hirofumi Ueno.
 The name of this band was inspired by T. Rex and its vocalist Marc Bolan.
