Pennsylvania's Attorney General election was held November 2, 2004.
 Necessary primary elections were held on April 27, 2004.
 Tom Corbett was elected Attorney General, a position that he had held from 1995-97 after being appointed by Governor Tom Ridge to fill a vacancy.
 Corbett, who had been a U.S. Attorney, narrowly defeated Montgomery County District Attorney Bruce Castor in the Republican primary, then won by an even tighter margin in the general election.
 Corbett's Democratic opponent was Jim Eisenhower, the 2002 nominee who had once served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney and had been a close confidant of Governor Ed Rendell.
 Eisenhower won in a primary that featured three top-tier candidates: his opponents were David Barasch, a former U.S. Attorney, and John Morganelli, the Northampton County District Attorney who was narrowly defeated by Eisenhower in the previous Democratic primary for this position.
The 2010 Connecticut attorney general election was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010 to elect the 24th attorney general of the state of Connecticut.
 Five-term incumbent Attorney General Richard Blumenthal declined to seek re-election in 2010, instead opting to run for Connecticut’s open U.S. Senate seat held by the retiring Christopher Dodd.
 Blumenthal's decision not to seek a sixth term set-up the first open race for attorney general in the state since Blumenthal's election in 1990.
The Missouri attorney general election of 2012 was held on November 6, 2012, alongside the presidential and gubernatorial elections.
 The current Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster, a Democrat, won re-election for a second full term against Republican attorney Ed Martin.
The Michigan Attorney General election of 2006 took place on November 7, 2006, to elect the Attorney General of Michigan.
 Incumbent Mike Cox became the first Republican in over 50 years to be elected Attorney General and was seeking to become the first Republican since the amending of the Michigan Constitution to be re-elected.
 Despite a 2005 scandal where Cox announced he had an extramarital affair before becoming Attorney General Cox won re-election easily, defeating Democratic nominee Amos Williams, taking 54 percent of the vote.
The Missouri gubernatorial special election of 1825 was Missouri's third gubernatorial election.
 The election was held on December 8, 1825, to determine who would fill the remainder of the term of Frederick Bates who had died on August 4, 1825.
 Governor Abraham J. Williams (who succeeded Bates) did not stand for election and John Miller was elected over William Carr, David Todd, and Missouri Attorney General Rufus Easton.
The Michigan Attorney General election of 2018 will take place on November 6, 2018, alongside elections to be Michigan's governor, Class I United States Senator, [Michigan Secretary of State election, 2018|Secretary of State]], as well elections for Michigan's 14 seats in the United States House of Representatives, all 38 seats in the Michigan Senate and all 110 seats in the Michigan House of Representatives; to elect the Secretary of State of Michigan.
 Incumbent Republican Attorney General Bill Schuette is prohibited from seeking a third term due to term limits.
 The Michigan GOP is looking to win its 5th straight Attorney General election.
 Along with the offices of Lieutenant Governor and Secretary of State, the nominees for Attorney General will be chosen by party delegates at their respective party conventions.
Herbert Spencer Hadley (February 20, 1872December 1, 1927) was an American lawyer and a Republican Party politician from St. Louis, Missouri.
 Born in Olathe, Kansas, he was Missouri Attorney General from 1905 to 1909 and in 1908 was elected the 32nd Governor of Missouri, serving one term from 1909 to 1913.
 As Attorney General, he successfully prosecuted Standard Oil Company for violating Missouri antitrust law.
The Office of the Missouri Attorney General was created in 1806 when Missouri was part of the Louisiana Territory.
 Missouri's first Constitution in 1820 provided for an appointed Attorney General, but since the 1865 Constitution, the Attorney General has been elected.
 To date there have been 42 attorneys general in Missouri.
The Virginia Attorney General election of 2005 took place on November 8, 2005, to elect the Attorney General of Virginia.
 Jerry Kilgore, who had been elected attorney general in 2001, resigned in February 2005 to run for Governor, as is the tradition in Virginia.
 He was replaced by Judith Jagdmann, the Deputy Attorney General for the Civil Litigation Division, who did not run in the election.
The Attorney General of North Carolina is the elected head of the state's Department of Justice.
 The North Carolina constitution, in Article III Section 7, provides for the election of the Attorney General.
 http://www.ncga.state.nc.us/Legislation/constitution/article3.html By statute, Attorney General's duties include providing legal representation and advice to all state agencies.
 The parameters of that duty have been the subject of some debate, when, for example, United States Attorney General Eric Holder suggested that state Attorneys General should not squander their state's resources in defense of laws they know to be unconstitutional.
 By statute, in defense of the public interest, the Attorney General may initiate legal action or intervene in proceedings before any courts, regulatory officers, agencies or bodies — either state or federal — on behalf of the state's agencies and citizens.
 http://www.ncga.state.nc.us/EnactedLegislation/Statutes/PDF/ByChapter/Chapter_114.pdf The Attorney General also renders legal opinions, either formally or informally, upon all questions of law submitted by the General Assembly, the Governor or any other state officer.
 Attorney General opinions may be viewed online.
 http://www.ncdoj.gov/About-DOJ/Legal-Services/Legal-Opinions.aspx
