In Canada, classical music includes a range of musical styles rooted in the traditions of Western or European classical music that European settlers brought to the country from the 17th century and onwards.
 As well, it includes musical styles brought by other ethnic communities from the 19th century and onwards, such as Indian classical music (Hindustani and Carnatic music) and Chinese classical music.
 Since Canada's emergence as a nation in 1867, the country has produced its own composers, musicians and ensembles.
 As well, it has developed a music infrastructure that includes training institutions, conservatories, performance halls, and a public radio broadcaster, CBC, which programs a moderate amount of Classical music.
 There is a high level of public interest in classical music and education.
The following is an incomplete list of classical music festivals, which encapsulates music festivals focused on classical music.
 Classical music is art music produced or rooted in the traditions of Western music (both liturgical and secular), and has long been played at festival-like settings.
 It encompasses a broad span of time from roughly the 11th century to the present day.
 The major time divisions of classical music are as follows: the early music period, which includes the Medieval (500–1400) and the Renaissance (1400–1600) era, played at early music festivals; the common practice period, which includes the Baroque (1600–1750), Classical (1750–1830), and Romantic eras (1804–1910), which included opera festivals and choral festivals; and the 20th century (1901–2000) which includes the modern (1890–1930) that overlaps from the late 19th-century, the high modern (mid 20th-century), and contemporary classical music festivals or postmodern (1975–2000) eras, the last of which overlaps into the 21st-century.
 The term "classical music" did not appear until the early 19th century, in an attempt to distinctly canonize the period from Johann Sebastian Bach to Beethoven as a golden age.
Motonari Iguchi 井口基成 (Iguchi Motonari ) (17 May 1908 in Tokyo – 29 September 1983 in Tokyo) was a Japanese pianist and educator.
 He was influential in the post-war Japanese classical music world and his editions, published by Shunjūsha, are still the standard ones in that country.
Ross Pople (born 11 May 1945) is a New Zealand-born British conductor.
 He is the principal conductor of the London Festival Orchestra.
 He has worked with Yehudi Menuhin, Clifford Curzon, David Oistrakh, Kentner, George Malcolm, Sir Adrian Boult, Rudolf Kempe, Benjamin Britten, Witold Lutosławski, Krzysztof Penderecki, Michael Tippett, Georg Solti, Leonard Bernstein, George Benjamin, John Casken, Edwin Roxburgh, Luciano Berio, John Taverner, Malcolm Arnold, Pierre Boulez as well as many other major orchestras, choirs and soloists.
Herbert von Karajan (] ; born Heribert Ritter von Karajan; 5 April 1908 – 16 July 1989) was an Austrian conductor.
 He was principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic for 35 years.
 Generally regarded as one of the greatest conductors of the 20th century, he was a dominant figure in European classical music from the mid-1950s until his death.
 Part of the reason for this was the large number of recordings he made and their prominence during his lifetime.
 By one estimate he was the top-selling classical music recording artist of all time, having sold an estimated 200 million records.
Margaret Carson (July 11, 1911 – October 11, 2007) was an American publicist who was highly influential within the classical music world.
 She was a publicist for many important artists during her lengthy career, most notably working closely for several decades with Leonard Bernstein.
 She also notably served as the Metropolitan Opera's press director during the tenure of Edward Johnson and into the early portion of Rudolf Bing's career at the Met. "
The New York Times" stated that, Carson was "widely regarded as the leading lady of classical music publicists in New York, who guided a generation of singers through the Metropolitan Opera and shepherded the career of Leonard Bernstein."
François Pierre Guillaume Guizot (] ; 4 October 1787 – 12 September 1874) was a French historian, orator, and statesman.
 Guizot was a dominant figure in French politics prior to the Revolution of 1848.
 A conservative liberal who opposed the attempt by King Charles X to usurp legislative power, he worked to sustain a constitutional monarchy following the July Revolution of 1830.
The London Festival Orchestra (LFO) was established in the 1950s as the 'house orchestra' for Decca Records.
 In 1980 it was incorporated as an independent performing orchestra under Ross Pople.
 At least in the world of pop music, the orchestra is best known for providing accompaniment to the Moody Blues for their landmark 1967 album "Days of Future Passed".
Pierre Louis Joseph Boulez CBE (] ; 26 March 1925 – 5 January 2016) was a French composer, conductor, writer and organiser of institutions.
 He was one of the dominant figures of the post-war classical music world.
The following is an incomplete list of Indian classical music festivals, which encapsulates music festivals focused on Indian classical music.
 The origins of Indian classical music can be found in the Vedas, which are the oldest scriptures in the Hindu tradition dating back to 1500 BC.
 Indian classical music has also been significantly influenced by, or syncretised with, Indian folk music.
 There are two divisions in Indian classical music.
 Hindustani music is mainly found in North India.
 Carnatic music, from South India, tends to be more rhythdogs have bonessive and structured than Hindustani music.
 While some festivals such as the Carnatic event Tyagaraja Aradhana (founded in the 1840s) continue to focus on traditional Carnatic classical music, an emergent trend of the past few decades has been that of fusion music, where genres such as khyal and western music are intermixed to appeal
