The 1989 The Citadel Bulldogs football team represented The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in the 1989 NCAA Division I-AA football season.
 Charlie Taaffe served as head coach for the third season.
 The Bulldogs played as members of the Southern Conference and played home games at Johnson Hagood Stadium.
 The 1989 season was affected by Hurricane Hugo, which damaged Johnson Hagood Stadium as the eye of the storm passed over Charleston harbor before making its way inland.
 As a result, The Citadel played two "home" games at Williams-Brice Stadium, on the campus of the University of South Carolina in Columbia, South Carolina.
 The hurricane struck on September 22, 1989, and the Bulldogs did not play a game again in their home stadium until November 4, 1989.
Yunnan Hongta (Simplified Chinese: 云南红塔) was a football club who played in the Chinese Jia-A League who were founded by the Shenzhen Jinpeng Group in 1996 and named Shenzhen Jinpeng (Simplefied Chinese: 深圳金鹏).
 The club predominantly played within the lower leagues until they were sold to the Yunnan Hongta Group, a tobacco producer who renamed the team Yunnan Hongta and moved the club to Kunming to play in the Tuodong Stadium.
 Yunnan Hongta would win promotion to the Chinese Jia-A League in the 1999 league season where they remained until Chongqing Lifan bought then merged the teams in 2003.
Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium is an outdoor football stadium in Jackson, Mississippi, United States.
 Veterans Memorial Stadium is the home field of the Jackson State Tigers football team.
 The stadium was originally known as War Veterans Memorial Stadium then later as Hinds County War Memorial Stadium before finally being christened with its current moniker.
 In the past it has served as an alternate home stadium for The University of Mississippi, Mississippi State University, and the University of Southern Mississippi.
 From 1973 to 1990 the Egg Bowl was played there and from 1992 to 2013 it hosted the Mississippi High School Activities Association state championship football games.
 In addition to college and high school games it has hosted several National Football League (NFL) preseason games.
Stewart McKimmie (born 27 October 1962) is a Scottish former professional footballer, who predominantly played for home town club Aberdeen.
 He played in defence, primarily as a right-back, and also played for Dundee and Dundee United.
 He now writes a weekly column in the Evening Express, as well as appearing as a pundit on Northsound 2's Friday Sport.
Tårnby Boldklub (or Taarnby Boldklub) were a Danish football club based in Tårnby on Amager, which played their home games at Taarnby Stadium.
 The club was formed on 21 April 1935 as Arbejdernes Idræts Klub Tårnby (AIK Tårnby) and became member of Dansk Arbejder Idrætsforbund (DAI) on 1 May 1935.
 After nearly 10 years in DAI, it was decided at a general meeting on 16 January 1944 to change their membership to Københavns Boldspil-Union (KBU) and in this regard change their name to Tårnby Boldklub.
 The club became an extraordinary member of KBU on 1 July 1944 and a full member in February 1945 and started their first season 1944–45 under the new football association by playing in a newly created 'C-række' consisting of 8 clubs.
 The club enjoyed rivalries against neighbouring clubs Kastrup Boldklub and in the early days Sundby Boldklub.
 In 2002 the club together with Kastrup Boldklub became a part of the superstructure Amager United.
 In 2006, Kastrup Boldklub, however withdrew from the collaboration and the superstructure was dissolved.
 On 1 January 2009, the club merged with nabouring Amager Boldklub af 1970 (AB70), and the new association was named AB Tårnby.
War Memorial Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Little Rock, Arkansas.
 The stadium is primarily used for American football and is the home stadium for the Arkansas Baptist Buffaloes, Catholic High School Rockets, Little Rock Rangers and the secondary home stadium for the University of Arkansas Razorbacks.
 The Arkansas State University Red Wolves have in the past played a few games there and will hold a spring game there in 2016.
 The stadium also hosts the Delta Classic, an annual football game between the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff Golden Lions and the Grambling State Tigers, as well as hosting the Arkansas Activities Association high school championship game in all classification.
The 1957 European Cup Final was a football match which took place at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in Madrid, Spain, on 30 May 1957.
 It was contested between Real Madrid of Spain and Fiorentina of Italy.
 Real Madrid won 2–0 after goals from Alfredo Di Stéfano and Francisco Gento in the second half.
 It was the first of four finals (also counting the Champions League era, followed by the 1965, 1984 and 2012 finals) where one of the teams played in its home stadium, and also the first final where the winning team played at their home stadium.
Dai Xianrong (; born February 7, 1982) is a former professional Chinese footballer who mainly played as a centre-back.
 Throughout his career he predominantly played for Guangzhou F.C. where he won two second tier Chinese league one titles with them in 2007 and 2010 before retiring.
 And he was the member of U-23 China National Football Team.
Clube Desportivo Mafra is a football club currently playing in the Campeonato de Portugal.
 They are based in the town of Mafra and own Campo Doutor Mário Silveira stadium, but the games are played in Estádio Municipal de Mafra.
 Founded in 1965 the club predominantly played within Portugal's regional leagues where they gradually worked their way up to until they won the Associação de Futebol de Lisboa Division 1 title in the 1991–92 league season and promotion to the national leagues.
The 1987 NFL season was the 68th regular season of the National Football League.
 This season featured games predominantly played by replacement players as the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA) players were on strike from weeks four to six.
 The season ended with Super Bowl XXII, with the Washington Redskins defeating the Denver Broncos 42–10 at Jack Murphy Stadium in San Diego.
 The Broncos suffered their second consecutive Super Bowl defeat.
