Body Head Bangerz: Volume One is the debut studio album by American southern hip hop group Body Head Bangerz.
 The original version of the album released on August 3, 2004 under Body Head Entertainment, but was re-released on October 26, 2004 by Universal Music with a modified album cover, a re-ordered track list with two new songs, "Can't Let Go" and "Getting Money Right" but excluding the song "Down Here".
 The clean version of the re-release contains the same, though non-explicit, tracks as the original release.
 The album features many southern hip hop or "Dirty South" musicians such as B.G., Lil' Flip, Petey Pablo, Mike Jones and Bun B among others.
 The album produced two singles, "I Smoke, I Drank" and "Can't Be Touched".
 Both singles were featured on BET and one single appeared on the "Billboard" Hot 100 list.
 The song "Body Head Anthem" was featured on the for "".
Owari no Hoshi no Love Song (終わりの惑星のLove Song ) is a Japanese pop music concept album produced by Jun Maeda featuring vocalist Nagi Yanagi.
 It was released on April 25, 2012 by Flaming June, an independent record label established by Maeda.
 Two of the album's thirteen tracks were previously released on the single "Killer Song" at Comiket 81 on December 29, 2011.
 Two different editions of the album were released: a regular CD version and a CD+DVD limited edition.
 "Owari no Hoshi no Love Song" peaked at No. 6 on the Japanese Oricon weekly albums chart.
I Am Me is the second studio album by American recording artist Ashlee Simpson.
 It was released in the United States on October 18, 2005 (see 2005 in music) and debuted at number one in sales.
 The album produced two top 25 hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100, "Boyfriend" and "L.O.V.E.".
 Simpson worked with John Shanks and Kara DioGuardi on this album, as she did on her first album, 2004's "Autobiography".
 Shanks produced the album, and Simpson co-wrote all the songs with Shanks and DioGuardi.
 On December 15, "I Am Me" was certified Platinum by the RIAA for its shipments of over one million copies in the U.S. (as of April 2008, it had sold 987,000 copies).
 A new single from Simpson, "Invisible", was reportedly going to be included on a re-release of "I Am Me" in mid-2006, but was canceled.
 The song was later included as an international bonus track on Simpson's next album, "Bittersweet World".
Spark is the third album from Norwegian singer-songwriter Marit Larsen, and was released on November 18, 2011.
 The information was made available via Marit Larsen's Tumblr page.
 On 31 July 2011 Marit Larsen began to post information about her third album on her Tumblr.
 On 7 October 2011 she announced the name of the album and track list.
 The first single, "Coming Home" had premiered on NRK P3 and on her Facebook page on 15 October.
 The album produced two singles; "Coming Home" and "Don't Move".
 The album spawned 2 number one songs in the Philippine Top 100 Songs Chart where in "Coming Home" stayed atop for 4 consecutive weeks, which gave Marit her first number one song in the Philippines as a solo artist and her non-single song "Last Night" stayed for 2 consecutive weeks in the early 2012, serving as her second number one song.
"Como Tu Mujer" ("As Your Woman") is a song written and produced by Mexican singer-songwriter Marco Antonio Solís and first recorded by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal.
 It was released in 1988 as the first single from the album of the same title, this would be the first album produced by Solís for the singer.
 This song became a hit all over Latin America and in the United States where it went on to number-one for 10 consecutive weeks.
 This song is considered by some to be one of her most successful singles.
 This song earned her many awards such as the Premio Aplauso FM 98, given by "Spanish Broadcasting System", in Los Angeles, California and Premio TV y Novelas for 'Best Female Artist'.
SpeXial is Taiwanese Mandopop boyband SpeXial's debut Mandarin studio album produced by Jeremy Ji, a famous Taiwanese Mandopop songwriter.
 It was released on December 7, 2012.
 The first promotional single is a lyric song "Celebrate Loneliness" (慶祝寂寞).
 "Gone Mad" (發飆) - SpeXial version, the theme song of Idol Drama "KO one 2", is the second promotional single.
 The third promotional single is an electronic dance song "Super Style", which is also the theme song of Idol Drama "KO One Re-act".
 This album was funded by “2012 Funding the Production and Marketing of Outstanding Popular Music” of Bureau of Audiovisual and Music Industry Development.
Jamey Johnson (born July 14, 1975) is an American country music artist.
 Signed to BNA Records in 2005, Johnson made his debut with his single "The Dollar", the title track to his 2006 album "The Dollar".
 Johnson was dropped from BNA in 2006 and signed to Mercury Nashville Records in March 2008, releasing his second album, the gold-certified "That Lonesome Song".
 This album produced two singles, the Top 10 hit "In Color" and "High Cost of Living".
 Johnson has since released two more albums, "The Guitar Song" in 2010 and "" in 2012.
 In 2014, he released a 5-song Christmas EP titled "The Christmas Song".
 In addition to most of his own material, Johnson has co-written singles for Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard, Trace Adkins, George Strait, James Otto, Joe Nichols and Jessie James Decker.
Bigger Hands is the twentieth studio album of country music artist John Anderson.
 It was released in 2009 under the Country Crossing label.
 The album produced the single "Cold Coffee and Hot Beer."
 Anderson co-produced the album and co-wrote all of the tracks, and includes his version of "Shuttin' Detroit Down," a protest song he wrote with John Rich, who included it on his 2009 album "Son of a Preacher Man" from which it was released as a single.
 Also included is the song "How Can I Be So Thirsty," which was also recorded by co-writer Jerrod Niemann on his 2010 album "Judge Jerrod & the Hung Jury".
"La Guirnalda" ("The Garland") is a song written and produced by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel and first recorded by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal.
 It was released in 1986 as the first single from "Siempre", Dúrcal's tenth album produced by Juan Gabriel.
 The song became very successful and is often referred as one of her signature songs.
 According to the "Billboard" magazine electronic database, "La Guirnalda" holds the distinction for being the first number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart on September 6, 1986, being replaced at the top by Juan Gabriel with "Yo No Sé Qué Me Pasó"; however, in the printed version of the same chart, titled "Hot Latin 50" for the week of October 4, 1986, the songs appears at number three, following "Yo No Sé Qué Me Pasó" and Emmanuel's version of "Toda la Vida".
 In 1989, Mexican singer Daniela Romo recorded her own version of the song and included it on her album "Quiero Amanecer con Alguien".
 The music video for the song was shot at Puerto Vallarta Beach, Mexico.
Canadian singer Nelly Furtado has released six studio albums, twenty singles, one video album, one live album, two compilation albums, three extended plays, and twenty-three music videos.
 Furtado released her debut album "Whoa, Nelly!
" in 2000 and it became a commercial success selling 9 million copies worldwide.
 It has been certified multi Platinum in countries such as Canada, United States, Australia and New Zealand.
 The album spawned four singles including the successful top 10 hits; "I'm Like a Bird" and "Turn Off the Light".
 In 2003 she released her second album "Folklore", while the album did not match the success of her previous album in such markets as the US and Australia, it did however become a success in several European countries.
 "Folklore" has sold 3 million copies worldwide.
 The album produced two European top 10 hits; "Powerless (Say What You Want)" and "Força", while "Try" peaked inside the top 10 in Canada.
 Furtado's third album "Loose" (2006) became her best selling album of career with 12 million copies sold worldwide.
 It also reached number one on the album chart of nine countries and was certified multi Platinum in several countries such as Canada, UK, Australia, Germany, Switzerland, Austria and New Zeeland.
 The album spawned four successful number one singles; "Promiscuous", "Maneater", "Say It Right" and "All Good Things (Come to an End)".
 "Loose" was one of the best selling albums of 2006–2007 and is twenty-second best-selling album of the 2000s.
 She released her first Spanish language album "Mi Plan" in 2009 which became a success in Europe and on the Latin charts.
 The lead single "Manos al Aire" became a European top 10 hit and also topped the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart, making Furtado the first North American singer to reach number one on that chart with an original Spanish song.
 "Mi Plan" has been certified Platinum (Latin) in the US.
 In 2010 she released a remix album "Mi Plan Remixes" and her first greatest hits "The Best of Nelly Furtado".
 Furtado released her fifth album "The Spirit Indestructible" in 2012, followed by "The Ride" in 2017.
