Robert Schumann (8 June 181029 July 1856) was a German composer and influential music critic.
 He is widely regarded as one of the greatest composers of the Romantic era.
 Schumann left the study of law, intending to pursue a career as a virtuoso pianist.
 He had been assured by his teacher Friedrich Wieck that he could become the finest pianist in Europe, but a hand injury ended this dream.
 Schumann then focused his musical energies on composing.
Étienne-Joseph Floquet (23 November 174810 May 1785) was a French composer, mainly of operas.
 He was born in Aix-en-Provence and began his career by writing church music, before moving to Paris in 1767.
 There, Floquet made a name for himself with the requiem he wrote for the funeral of the composer Jean-Joseph de Mondonville in 1772.
 Floquet's first work for the Paris Opéra, the "ballet héroïque" "L'union de l'amour et les arts," was a triumph, enjoying 60 performances between its premiere in September 1773 and January 1774.
 The audience at the premiere was so enthusiastic that the performance had to be stopped several times because of the applause and, at the final curtain, Floquet was presented on stage, the first composer in the history of the Paris Opéra to enjoy such an honour.
 However, the arrival of the German composer Christoph Willibald Gluck in Paris later that year changed French musical taste and Floquet's style became unfashionable.
 After the failure of his next opera, "Azolan", Floquet decided to travel to Italy to perfect his musical education.
 There he studied composition under Nicola Sala in Naples and counterpoint under Padre Martini in Bologna, where he turned momentarily back to church music composing a "Te deum".
Carl Heinrich Graun (7 May 1704 – 8 August 1759) was a German composer and tenor singer.
 Along with Johann Adolph Hasse, he is considered to be the most important German composer of Italian opera of his time.
Georg Joseph Vogler, also known as Abbé Vogler (June 15, 1749 – May 6, 1814), was a German composer, organist, teacher and theorist.
 In a long and colorful career extending over many more nations and decades than was usual at the time, Vogler established himself as a foremost experimenter in baroque and early classic music.
 His greatest successes came as performer and designer for the organ at various courts and cities around Europe, as well as a teacher, attracting highly successful and devoted pupils such as Carl Maria von Weber.
 His career as a music theorist and composer however was mixed, with contemporaries such as Mozart believing Vogler to have been a charlatan.
 Despite his mixed reception in his own life, his highly-original contributions in many areas of music (particularly musicology and organ theory) and influence on his pupils endured, and combined with his eccentric and adventurous career, prompted one historian to summarize Vogler as "one of the most bizarre characters in the history of music".
Cassiber were a German avant-rock group founded in 1982 by German composer and saxophonist Alfred Harth, German composer, music-theatre director and keyboardist Heiner Goebbels, English drummer Chris Cutler from Henry Cow and German guitarist Christoph Anders.
 They recorded five albums, toured extensively across Europe, Asia and North America, and disbanded in 1992.
The Duo Goebbels/Harth (1975–1988), combining German composer, music-theatre director and keyboardist Heiner Goebbels and German composer, multi-media artist and saxophonist Alfred 23 Harth became famous for its adaptation of and departure from European composers, especially Hanns Eisler, implemented in a provocatively fresh manner into structured free improvisations and deploying content from areas beyond music.
 The duo was nicknamed the “Eisler brothers” by music critic W.Liefland.
 They later also experimented with different genres and sound collages, including electronic devices.
 The duo played in many international festivals and concerts in cities as diverse as Tel Aviv, Zagreb, West and East Berlin and South America.
Iwa Wanja (10 October 1905 – 26 June 1991) was Bulgarian born German film actress.
 She moved to Berlin to pursue her career, appearing in around thirty German films.
 Married to Norbert Schultze, German composer, best remembered for having written the melody of the World War II classic Lili Marleen.
József Ács (born 1948) is a German composer, and classical pianist and composer of Hungarian origin.
 A graduate of the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in Budapest and the Robert Schumann Hochschule in Düsseldorf, he won the first prize for piano at the "German Music Competition" in the Beethovenhalle in Bonn.
 He is particularly renowned for his recitals of Franz Liszt, and has done work in conjunction with the Vatican Archives.
 More recently he has been performing the works of Italian composer Ruggero Leoncavallo.
 He composed a completion of Leoncavallo's Requiem which was a fragment.
 Ács also wrote a small mass for choir and organ called, "Weihnachtslieder-Messe."
 Appropriate for the Christmas season, this joyful mass incorporates two Christmas tunes, In dulci jubilo, and Es kommt ein Schiff geladen.
Johann Valentin Meder (baptised May 3, 1649 – July 1719) was a German composer, organist, and singer.
 (He is not to be confused with the German composer Johann Gabriel Meder, born in 1755 in Erfurt, and active in Amsterdam until 1800; nor is there evidence that the two men were related.)
Heinrich Schütz (] ; 18 October [O.S. 8 October] 1585 – 6 November 1672) was a German composer and organist, generally regarded as the most important German composer before Johann Sebastian Bach and often considered to be one of the most important composers of the 17th century.
 He wrote what is traditionally considered to be the first German opera, "Dafne", performed at Torgau in 1627, the music of which has since been lost.
