Robin Bhatt (Hindi: रोबिन भट्ट ) is known as one of the most successful writers in Bollywood.
 He is well known for his skills in penning screenplay.
 He is the brother of Mahesh Bhatt.
 He has written many films and was nominated 3 times and won award for Baazigar.
 His debut film as writer was Aashiqui, which proved to be a hit film.
 He has written many films for Bhatt Productions.
Shajoon Kariyal is an Indian film director and producer working in Malayalam cinema.
 Shajoon was born in 1963 in Kozhikode, Kerala and had his primary education from Govt.
 Ganapath High School, Chalappuram.
 He started his film career in 1984, at the age of 18, as an assistant director to I. V. Sasi.
 He worked as the assistant or associate director to many films including "Uyarangalil" (1984), "Anubandham" (1985), "Karimpinpoovinakkare" (1985), "Aavanazhi" (1986), "1921" (1988), "Douthyam" (1989), "Varthamana Kalam" (1990), "Arhatha" (1990), "Midhya" (1991), "Neelagiri" (1991) and "Varnapakittu" (1997).
 He was the story writer for the Mammootty-starrer megahit "Jackpot" (1993).
 He debuted as a director with "Rajaputhran" (1996), starring Suresh Gopi, Shobhana and Vikram.
 He has directed many films, including the commercially successful "Thachiledathu Chundan" (1999) and the critically acclaimed "Vadakkumnadhan" (2006).
 After "Vadakkumnadhan", he planned two films, "Raman Police" and "Talkies", but both the projects did not work out.
 In 2012, he directed "Chettayees" which he also co-produced, as one of the five partners of the newly launched production house Thakkaali Films.
 His latest film is "Sir C. P." (2015).
Shazahn Padamsee (born 1987) is an Indian film and stage actress, who has also worked as model.
 Daughter of noted actors Alyque Padamsee and Sharon Prabhakar, she made her first film appearance in the 2009 Hindi film "".
 After her début film, she went on to appear in two non-Hindi Indian films, gaining credit from critics for her performance, before featuring in Madhur Bhandarkar's "Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji" in a prominent role.
Richard Albert was president of the award-winning motion picture advertising agency Design Projects, Inc. from 1978 to 1992.
 Clients included major studios such as Universal Pictures, MGM, 20th Century Fox, Warner Bros., and Columbia Pictures, as well as major independent and international distributors such as Cannon Films, Trimark Pictures, CBS Theatrical Films, Goldcrest, and Lorimar.
 Albert's firm was responsible for the movie poster designs for many films, including MacArthur, Sorcerer, Hard to Hold, The Final Countdown, Mutant, and Nightmares.
 Albert consulted regularly with Menahem Golan at Cannon Films on how to market and pre-sell Cannon's films, and successfully launched the foreign campaigns for Death Wish 2, New Year's Evil, Lady Chatterly's Lover, Enter the Ninja, and many others.
 Later, when Golan started 21st Century Films, he collaborated with Albert, who produced though his Sawmill Entertainment Corp. the Lambada dance movie The Forbidden Dance for Golan's foreign distribution, and Columbia Pictures' U.S. theatrical release.
 Albert hunt ed down the management for the band Kaoma when they were touring in the United States, and licensed their hit song "Lambada" for the film.
 He also tried to book the band to appear in the movie, however the band's schedule did not fit with the fast production schedule, so he hired Kid Creole and the Coconuts to perform in the final scenes.
Vibhav Roy is an Indian television actor and model, who made his acting debut in Life Ok show Gustakh Dil.
 Vibhav started as a model and has been seen in many TV commercials such as close up, Olay, Phillips, Idea and many more.
 He has also played the lead role of Raj Kapoor in Kuch Toh Hai Tere Mere Darmiyaan on Star Plus before being replaced by Ali Goni
Suraiya Jamaal Sheikh (15 June 1929 – 31 January 2004), popularly known as Suraiya, was an Indian Muslim Hindi/Hindustani film actress and playback singer in Bollywood from the 1940s to the early 1960s, who remained unmarried throughout her life, after her love affair with actor Dev Anand was aborted by her maternal grandmother.
 She was the most popular singing star of the Indian sub-continent of her generation.
 Until 1943, as a child singer, Suraiya did playback singing for one actress, namely Mehtab, in three films, and also in some of her own films for her roles as a child artiste.
 After this, she only sang for her own films as an actress, and acted as a heroine from 1946 until the end of her career in 1963.
 From 1948 to 1951, she became the singing superstar of Bollywood, earning more for her performances than all the performing actors of the times, male or female, including Dev Anand, Raj Kapoor, Dilip Kumar, Nargis and Madhubala.
 She received 1.5–2 lakhs rupees for her role per film, when top male actors were getting 50 thousand to 1 lakh rs.
 For a song, she commanded rs. 1000, while Lata Mangeshkar was getting rs. 100–200 per song.
 She was the only child of her parents.
 She had a natural talent for singing, acting and dancing from childhood.
 She received basic training in music when her mother used to take her to a Hindustani music teacher or 'masterji' for training.
 She first sang for a children's program for All India Radio in 1937.
 Later on Naushad gave her on the job 'training', while recording.
 She went on to become one of the most successful singing film stars of Bollywood.
 She had received training in dancing from Mumtaz Ali, dancer-actor and father of the famous comedian Mehmood.
 She was also known for her North Indian Muslim feudal style acting or 'adakari' in many of her films ("Mirza Ghalib (film)", "Phool", "Afsar", "Shayar", "Jeet (1949 film)", "Anmol Ghadi" and "Dastan").
 This style 'endowed modernity with an aura of tradition' and brought nostalgic feudal tinge to the scenes.
 Her performance 'expertly integrated gestures, music and speech'.
 Suraiya in her heyday was known as 'Malika-e-Husn' (queen of beauty), 'Malika-e-Tarannum' (queen of melody) and 'Malika-e-Adakaari' (queen of acting), all rolled into one.
 In a career spanning from 1936 till 1963, Suraiya sang 338 songs in films (which were mostly her own films) and 2 in addition were non-film songs, namely, 'tum rahe kahan ko piya' and 'hum tum karenge pyar'.
 She acted in 67 movies, which do not include the incomplete films such as "Jaanwar" (with Dilip Kumar), "Paagal Khaana" with Bharat Bhushan and an Indo-British film on Wajid Ali Shah (1953) being directed by British director, Herbert Marshall, with Ashok Kumar in the role of Wajid Ali Shah.
Krrish is a franchise of Indian science fiction films, superhero films, television series, comics and video games.
 The film series is directed, produced and written by Rakesh Roshan.
 It is considered Indian cinema's first such film series.
 All three films starred Rakesh's son Hrithik Roshan, and were scored by his brother Rajesh Roshan.
 The films are centred, initially, on a mentally handicapped boy who has an encounter with an extraterrestrial being, and later, his son, who grows up to be a reluctant superhero.
 The first two films were blockbusters in the Indian market, and hits in the overseas markets.
 The third film was released on 1 November 2013 and was declared a blockbuster shattering many box office records grossing over () at the box office.
 In 2013, an animated television series based on this "Krrish" film series, and named "Kid Krrish", aired on Cartoon Network India.
 It also spawned a spin-off animation-cum-live-action series titled "J Bole Toh Jadoo" that aired on Nickelodeon (India).
 "Krrish 3" was the first Indian film to launch its own official Facebook Emoticons as part of the promotion.
Tum Milo Toh Sahi is Bollywood film that released on 2 April 2010.
 It stars Nana Patekar, Dimple Kapadia, Suniel Shetty, Vidya Malvade, Rehan Khan and Anjana Sukhani in the lead roles.
Toh Kian Chui (Zhuang: 卓键水 October 1, 1927- November 9, 2000) is a philanthropist and multi-millionaire businessman in the construction industry from Singapore.
 Chui started one of the first road construction companies in Singapore, named the Swee Constructions in 1948.
 Swee Constructions paved the first runway for the Singapore Changi Airport in the 1960s.
 The company was also responsible for the building of the facilities in Kusu Island that was enlarged and transformed from two tiny outcrops on a reef, into an island holiday resort.
 Mr Toh was a generous contributor to many charities in Singapore, and was awarded both the Public Service Star (Bintang Bakti Masyrakat) and Public Service Medal (Pingbat Bakti Masyarakat) by the government of Singapore.
Krishnam Raju is an Indian actor who acted more than 190 films.
 Krishnam Raju entered Tollywood in 1966 with the film "Chilaka Gorinka" directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma alongside Krishna Kumari.
 The film won Nandi Award for Best Feature Film - Silver for that year.
 Later he acted in the mythological film "Shri Krishnavataram" which also starsN. T. Rama Rao.
 He acted in many films with the established actos N. T. Rama Rao and Akkineni Nageswara Rao.
 He also acted in many films with the established actresses Krishna Kumari, Rajasulochana, Jamuna and Kanchana.
