"The Things We Did Last Summer" is a popular song from 1946.
 The words were written by Sammy Cahn, with the composition by Jule Styne.
 The most well known version is the 1946 Top ten hit by Jo Stafford.
 Versions by Frank Sinatra and by Vaughn Monroe also charted that year.
 Shelley Fabares had a hit cover in 1962 on the pop chart.
 Several recordings have been made, including versions by Frank Sinatra, Vaughn Monroe, and Dean Martin who recorded different versions for his 1959 and 1966 Christmas LPs.
"Our Love" is a 1939 song by Larry Clinton, Buddy Bernier, and Bob Emmerich.
 It was recorded by Frank Sinatra and was his first recording.
 Some sources have said that this song was recorded a day before Sinatra married his first wife Nancy or a month later in March.
 This song did not make Sinatra famous, but in that year he joined the Harry James Orchestra, only to leave a year later to join Tommy Dorsey and his orchestra.
 It was with Dorsey that Sinatra had his first hit, with I'll Never Smile Again.
The Frank Sinatra Show (also known as Bulova Watch Time) was an American musical variety series hosted by Frank Sinatra from 1950 to 1952.
 The series aired on CBS on Saturdays the first season and on Tuesdays for the second year.
 As with many variety shows of the time, the show was broadcast live and was recorded via kinescope.
 Some episodes were 30 minutes long while others were 60 minutes.
 At least one episode aired in a 45-minute time-slot.
This article contains a listing of American vocalist Frank Sinatra's albums (original LPs and collections) and singles from his career.
 An alphabetical listing of songs recorded by Sinatra with year(s) List of songs recorded by Frank Sinatra.
 Sinatra recorded his first album in 1946 while his final album was a collection of duets, released in 1994.
Laura Elsie Dickinson is an American actress and singer from California who is a vocalist for featured songs on the Disney Channel's programs "Phineas and Ferb", "Sofia the First", and "Jake and the Never Land Pirates".
 On December 12, 2014, she released her debut album, "One for My Baby – To Frank Sinatra with Love", on Music & Mirror Records in celebration of Frank Sinatra's 99th birthday and centennial year.
One For My Baby – To Frank Sinatra With Love is American jazz singer Laura Dickinson's debut album, which was released by Music & Mirror Records on December 12, 2014 in celebration of Frank Sinatra's 99th birthday and centennial year.
Francis Albert Sinatra ( ; ] ; December 12, 1915 – May 14, 1998) was an American singer, actor, and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century.
 He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold more than 150 million records worldwide.
 Born in Hoboken, New Jersey, to Italian immigrants, Sinatra began his musical career in the swing era with bandleaders Harry James and Tommy Dorsey.
 Sinatra found success as a solo artist after he signed with Columbia Records in 1943, becoming the idol of the "bobby soxers".
 He released his debut album, "The Voice of Frank Sinatra", in 1946.
 Sinatra's professional career had stalled by the early 1950s, and he turned to Las Vegas, where he became one of its best known performers as part of the Rat Pack.
 His career was reborn in 1953 with the success of "From Here to Eternity", with his performance subsequently winning an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 Sinatra released several critically lauded albums, including "In the Wee Small Hours" (1955), "Songs for Swingin' Lovers!
" (1956), "Come Fly with Me" (1958), "Only the Lonely" (1958) and "Nice 'n' Easy" (1960).
Sinatra is a 1992 CBS biographical drama miniseries about singer Frank Sinatra, developed and executive produced by Frank's youngest daughter Tina Sinatra and approved by Frank himself.
 Directed by James Steven Sadwith, produced by Richard M. Rosenbloom, and written by William Mastrosimone and Abby Mann.
 It stars Philip Casnoff, Olympia Dukakis, Joe Santos, Gina Gershon, Nina Siemaszko, and Marcia Gay Harden, with some of Sinatra's vocals recreated by Tom Burlinson.
 It won two and was nominated for seven Emmy Awards, along with a win and two nominations for a Golden Globe Award.
 Released on November 8, 1992, it was re-released on a two-disc DVD Warner Home Video on May 13, 2008.
"It Was a Very Good Year" is a song Ervin Drake composed in 1961 for and originally recorded by Bob Shane with The Kingston Trio.
 It was subsequently made famous by Frank Sinatra's version in D minor, which won the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Performance, Male in 1966.
 Gordon Jenkins was awarded Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s) for the Sinatra version.
 This single peaked at #28 on the U.S. pop chart and became Sinatra's first #1 single on the Easy Listening charts.
 That version can be found on Sinatra's 1965 album "September of My Years", and was featured in "The Sopranos" season two opener, "Guy Walks into a Psychiatrist's Office...".
 A live, stripped-down performance is included on his "Sinatra at the Sands" album.
Frank Sinatra's Greatest Hits!
 is Frank Sinatra's first compilation released on his own Reprise Records.
 It concentrates on mostly single releases from the mid to late 60's, which fluctuates between adult contemporary pop and jazzy swing.
 The album opens up with Sinatra's recent number one hit "Strangers in the Night" and continues through the varied styles of music Sinatra recorded in the 60's, from easy listening ballads like "It Was a Very Good Year" and "Softly, as I Leave You" to contemporary pop like "When Somebody Loves You" and "That's Life".
 "Greatest Hits" was a modest hit, peaking at #55 on the album charts in late 1968.
 A second volume was issued in 1972, "Frank Sinatra's Greatest Hits, Vol.
 2".
 Both albums have since been supplanted with newer and more cohesive compilations.
