"White Room" is a song by British rock band Cream, composed by bassist Jack Bruce with lyrics by poet Pete Brown.
 They recorded it for the studio half of the 1968 double album "Wheels of Fire".
 In September, a shorter single edit was released for AM radio stations, although album-oriented FM radio stations played the full album version.
"Snoopy's Christmas" is a song performed by The Royal Guardsmen in 1967.
 It continues to be played as a holiday favorite on most "oldie" radio stations; however, it is also often played on radio stations playing a Hit Music format as well as Adult Contemporary format stations.
 While these stations wouldn't normally play music from this era radio stations will make exceptions to mix certain Christmas songs with the usual playlist during the Holiday period.
 Due to a chart department policy instituted by "Billboard" magazine, the "Snoopy's Christmas" single never appeared in the Hot 100.
 It was, however, shown at #1 on a specialty list called "Best Bets For Christmas". "
Cash Box" magazine peaked the song at #10.
 The publication Record World peaked the song at #17.
The following is a list of songs censored or banned in Malaysia at one stage or another, considered unsuitable for broadcasting on its radio and television stations since 2010 (though by no means this is a complete list).
 The censors are mostly done by Malaysian format radio network Astro Radio (which controls popular radio stations such as Hitz.FM, Mix FM and Era FM).
 MTV Asia, like almost other foreign channels on Astro & HyppTV are also delayed by 1 hour in Malaysia for censorship purpose.
 In addition, any singles released to Malaysian radio stations may be different from the version released in the album due to censorship purpose.
Country radio refers to radio stations that play country music.
 Most country radio stations are commercial radio stations, with some exceptions which are public radio stations.
 Most country radio stations usually play only music which has been officially released to country radio by record labels.
 The largest owners of country music stations in the United States include iHeartMedia, Cumulus Media, CBS Radio, and Townsquare Media.
 There are more radio stations in the United States specializing in country music (about 2,100 stations) than any other format, out of a total of about 15,000 radio stations in the US.
 Country radio stations are very influential in the country music industry, compared to other genres of music.
"Truce" is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay.
 It is the fifth and final radio single from the band's second studio album, "Much Afraid".
 In addition, it was the fifth straight single from "Much Afraid" to reach number one on the Christian radio airplay charts.
 No promotional single was shipped to radio stations for airplay.
 Instead, radio stations played the track directly from the album.
WMSS (91.1 FM, "Super 91") is a high school operated high school radio station serving the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area; it can be received as far south as (certain parts of) York, PA.
 WMSS broadcasts several different radio formats depending on the time of day.
 The station's apparent mission is to play once-popular songs that have been abandoned or not represented at all by local commercial stations.
 The station currently suffers from a lack of publicity, especially among populations who would appreciate the variety of rarely played songs.
 The station holds the title of being the only high school station in Central Pennsylvania, and it has been on air for more than 30 years.
 The general manager of the station is John Wilsbach, who is also known for his traffic reports on WTPA-FM.
Here & Now is the sixteenth original studio album by American folk rock duo America, released by Burgundy Records in January 2007 (see 2007 in music).
 This is the first pop music studio album released by the group since "Human Nature" in 1998 (the group released a Christmas-themed studio album in 2002, "Holiday Harmony").
 This album was a modest hit when it was released in 2007, reaching 52 on the Billboard album chart; America's best chart showing since 1982's "View from the Ground".
"I Write Sins Not Tragedies" is a song by American rock band Panic!
 at the Disco, and is the second single from their debut studio album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" (2005).
 It was released on April 27, 2006 on both CD and 7" vinyl.
 The pizzicato cello motif that the song is built upon was played by session musician Heather Stebbins.
 The song reached No. 7 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100.
 This was the band's only top forty hit until the release of "Hallelujah" in 2015.
 While the song failed to hit the top 10 on the Alternative Songs chart peaking at No. 12 which was lower than their prior single, "The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage" which peaked at No. 5, the song's success on the Hot 100 and Mainstream Top 40 (at No. 2) charts was what made the song one of the biggest modern rock hits of 2006 and is still one of the band's most played songs on alternative radio stations to this day.
Holiday Harmony is the fifteenth original studio album by American folk rock duo America, released by Rhino Records in 2002.
 Produced by Andrew Gold, it is a Christmas album.
 The album contains a number of traditional Christmas standards, some of which were recorded with distinct parallels to America's hits.
 For example, the "la-la-la" refrain in "Winter Wonderland" is strongly reminiscent of "A Horse With No Name," while "White Christmas" uses a guitar strumming style similar to that in "Tin Man."
 The album contains three new songs: "A Christmas To Remember," "Winter Holidays," and the "Ventura Highway"-themed "Christmas In California".
 "Winter Wonderland" became a minor hit during the Christmas season in 2002, reaching 26 on the Radio & Records Adult Contemporary chart.
Imagine Radio was an early Internet radio service that operated from 1998 to 1999.
 The website was founded by Rotem Perelmuter and P. Michael Briseno, launched by publisher Imagine Media in March 1998, and spun off as a new company that July.
 Users could listen to 20 pre-programmed stations or create their own custom stations by selecting artists and ranking them on a scale of zero to five.
 Due to legal restrictions, users could not play specific songs, but their custom stations played songs by higher-rated artists more frequently.
 Audio was streamed in RealAudio and Windows Media Player formats.
