MediaWorks, Inc. (株式会社メディアワークス , Kabushiki-gaisha MediaWākusu ) was a Japanese publishing company in the Kadokawa Group known for their "Dengeki" (電撃 , meaning "electric shock") brand magazines and book labels.
 These included such well-known magazines as "Dengeki Daioh", and "Dengeki G's Magazine", along with MediaWorks' main light novel publishing imprint Dengeki Bunko.
 The company was merged with ASCII on April 1, 2008, and became ASCII Media Works.
 They mainly catered to the Japanese male otaku crowd, covering such topics as anime, light novels, manga, plastic modelling, and visual novels. However, MediaWorks had published three magazines targeted towards females—"Comic Sylph", "Dengeki Girl's Style", and "Character Parfait"—but each one was a special edition version of another magazine.
 MediaWorks ran yearly contests for original novel and manga submissions, such as the light novel Dengeki Novel Prize contest.
Andrea Nguyen (born 1969) is a Vietnamese-born, American teacher, food writer, cookbook author and chef living in the San Francisco area.
 An expert on Asian cuisine and cooking methods, Nguyen has written numerous cookbooks on the food of her native Vietnam, as well as an account of her family's escape during the Fall of Saigon.
 She writes an active blog, as well as articles for newspapers and food magazines and teaches cooking classes throughout the country.
Cooking Light is an American monthly food and lifestyle magazine founded in 1987.
 Each month, the magazine includes approximately 100 original recipes as well as editorial content covering food trends, fitness tips, and other culinary and health-related news.
Norzailina Nordin, also known as Chef Lin (born May 10, 1962) is a celebrity chef who has over 16 years of experience in magazines, television shows, cooking demonstrations and judge in cooking competitions.
 She also does translations and editing of English cookbooks into Bahasa Melayu.
 During the past 16 years, she has 17 cookbooks and some are available in international markets.
Chesman is a contributor to magazines and newspapers, including "Fine Cooking", "Food & Wine", "The New York Times", "Cooking Light", "Vegetarian Times", "Organic Gardening", "Natural Health", "New England Monthly", "The Burlington Free Press", "Rocky Mountain News, The Denver Post, Edible Green Mountains" and many other publications.
 She was contributing food editor for "Vermont Life" magazine for twelve years.
Priscilla Martel is an award–winning American chef, food writer, and consultant notable for desserts, baking, pastries and fireplace-cooked meals.
 Her recipes appear in magazines such as "Food & Wine."
 She is a contributing writer at "Flavor and the Menu" Magazine.
 She teaches and has written textbooks including ebooks used to teach students of the culinary arts.
 She is recognized as an authority on artisan baking, confectionery, cooking food in sealed plastic bags with water or steam called sous vide, and spa cooking techniques.
 In 2016, Martel is teaching a course in food writing at GateWay Community College in New Haven.
Southern Progress Corporation, based in Birmingham, Alabama, is a publisher of lifestyle magazines and books.
 The company publishes such magazines as "Southern Living", "Cooking Light", "Health", "Coastal Living" and "Sunset".
 At the end of 2012, its magazines have a combined readership of about 8 million.
 The company employs more than 700 people at headquarters in Birmingham, Alabama.
Allison Winn Scotch (born June 12, 1973) is a New York Times bestselling American author, best known for her novels "The Theory of Opposites" (2012), "Time of My Life" (2008), and "The Department of Lost and Found" (2007).
 She is also a magazine contributor and has written for, among others, "Cooking Light", "Fitness", "InStyle Weddings", "Men's Health", "Prevention", "Redbook", "Self", "Shape", and "Women's Health".
 At present, she contributes celebrity interviews and profiles to American Way.
 "Time of My Life" is currently under development at The Weinstein Company, with Meryl Poster producing.
 Scotch ran a writing blog, Ask Allison, to which aspiring writers asked questions about the publishing industry.
 She discontinued the blog in 2012.
 She currently lives in "Los Angeles" with her family and dogs.
Daniel Galmiche (born 18 June 1958 in Lure Haute-Saône, France) is a French chef.
 He has been a Michelin Starred chef since 1990.
 His light and colorful cooking is permeated with north-south mixtures thanks to his European and Asiatic career.
 According to him, cooking is done with eco-friendly and healthy products, it needs to be shared.
 He has written in magazines and English newspapers, published books and hosted cooking shows on the BBC.
Kelley L. Carter (born September 20, 1976) is an entertainment and pop culture journalist at ESPN.
 A graduate of Michigan State University, she resides in Los Angeles and currently works as a contract freelancer for ESPN.com's Page 2, MTV News and Ebony and Jet magazines.
 She also has written pieces for Vibe and Heart & Soul magazines.
 She started her career working for the Detroit Free Press, before covering entertainment for the Chicago Tribune and USA Today.
 She is regularly featured on TV shows, including the TV Guide Channel, E!, TV One and CNN, providing pop culture analysis.
