The Notre Dame Shakespeare Festival (formerly Summer Shakespeare) at the University of Notre Dame is an annual festival that seeks to combine professional productions of the works of William Shakespeare with community outreach and educational programs.
 The Notre Dame Shakespeare Festival is a part of the University of Notre Dame's Shakespeare initiative entitled "Shakespeare at Notre Dame", a program that recognizes the centrality of the study of Shakespeare in humanistic pedagogy at the University.
 Its fifteenth season (summer of 2014) was known as the 15/150, also celebrating the 450th birthday of William Shakespeare, and the 150th anniversary of the first full production of Shakespeare at the university in 1864 (Records indicate the first performance of Shakespeare at the University of Notre Dame took place in 1847, a collection of scenes also from "Henry IV)."
 The anniversary season consisted of the Professional Company production of "Henry IV" (directed by Michael Goldberg), the Young Company performance of "The Merry Wives of Windsor" (directed by West Hyler), and the annual ShakeScenes shows featuring actors of all ages from South Bend and the surrounding community.
"Seinfeld" is an American television sitcom created by Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David.
 "Seinfeld" is a "show about nothing," similar to the self-parodying "show within a show" of fourth-season episode "The Pilot."
 Jerry Seinfeld is the lead character and played as a fictionalized version of himself.
 Set predominantly in an apartment block on New York City's Upper West Side, the show features a host of Jerry's friends and acquaintances, which include George Costanza, Elaine Benes, and Cosmo Kramer, who are portrayed by Jason Alexander, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, and Michael Richards, respectively.
Charles Ogier de Batz de Castelmore, Comte d'Artagnan (] ) ( 1611 – 25 June 1673) served Louis XIV as captain of the Musketeers of the Guard and died at the Siege of Maastricht in the Franco-Dutch War.
 A fictionalized account of his life by Gatien de Courtilz de Sandras formed the basis for the d'Artagnan Romances of Alexandre Dumas, most famously including "The Three Musketeers" (1844).
 The heavily fictionalized version of d'Artagnan featured in Dumas' works and their subsequent screen adaptations is now far more widely known than the real historical figure.
Curb Your Enthusiasm is an American comedy television series produced and broadcast by HBO that premiered on October 15, 2000.
 The series was created by Larry David, who stars as a fictionalized version of himself.
 The series follows Larry in his life as a semi-retired television writer and producer in Los Angeles and later New York City.
 Also starring are Cheryl Hines as his wife, Cheryl; Jeff Garlin as his manager, Jeff; and Susie Essman as Jeff's wife, Susie.
 "Curb Your Enthusiasm" often features guest stars, and many of these appearances are by celebrities playing versions of themselves fictionalized to varying degrees.
Ugly Stik is a subsidiary company of Shakespeare, a fishing equipment retail company.
 Ugly Stik is most well known for its fishing rods.
 Shakespeare, originally called William Shakespeare, Jr.
 Company, was founded by William Shakespeare, Jr. in 1897 in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
 The William Shakespeare, Jr.
 Company changed its name to Shakespeare in 1915, then moved its base of operations to Columbia, South Carolina in 1970.
 In 1976, Shakespeare introduced the Ugly Stik rod.
Odd Mom Out is an American comedy television series created by and starring Jill Kargman.
 A 10-episode first season was ordered by the American cable television network Bravo.
 The series focuses on Jill Kargman playing a fictionalized version of herself, Jill Weber, who is forced to navigate the wealthy mommy clique that resides in New York’s prestigious Upper East Side neighborhood.
 The principal photography commenced in September 2014; the show is filmed at various locations in New York City.
 The series premiered on June 8, 2015.
 On September 22, 2016, the network renewed "Odd Mom Out" for a 10-episode third season shortly after the second season concluded.
Laurie Davidson is an English actor known for playing a fictionalized version of a young William Shakespeare in TNT's "Will".
 He is a 2016 graduate of the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA).
Bill is a 2015 British family adventure comedy film from the principal performers behind children's TV series "Horrible Histories" and "Yonderland".
 It was produced by Punk Cinema, Cowboy Films and BBC Films and was released in the UK on 18 September 2015 by Vertigo Films.
 The film is a fictional take on the young William Shakespeare's search for fame and fortune, as written by Laurence Rickard and Ben Willbond and directed by Richard Bracewell who co-produced with Tony Bracewell, Alasdair Flind and Charles Steel.
 It features the six lead performers playing several different roles each including Mathew Baynton, Martha Howe-Douglas, Ben Willbond, Simon Farnaby, Jim Howick and Laurence Rickard.
 "Bill" has received mostly positive reviews from critics and grossed $968,534 worldwide.
 The film also received nominations for the Evening Standard British Film Award for Award for Comedy and the Into Film Award for Family Film of the Year.
"The Dog and Pony Show" is the eighth episode of the third season of the American sitcom "The Drew Carey Show", and the 54th overall.
 The series focuses on the work and home life of a fictionalized version of actor and comedian Drew Carey.
 The episode first aired on November 12, 1997 on ABC in the United States.
 The episode's plot sees Mr. Wick (Craig Ferguson) pass off caring for his boss Mrs. Lauder's (Nan Martin) Hungarian Puli to his employee Drew (Drew Carey).
 When Drew has the prize-winning dog shaved and neutered, he and his friends decide to perform a striptease at the local bar, The Warsaw Tavern, to earn quick cash to buy a replacement.
Richard William "Wil" Wheaton III (born July 29, 1972) is an American actor, blogger, voice actor, and writer.
 He is known for his portrayals of Wesley Crusher on the television series "", Gordie Lachance in the film "Stand by Me", Joey Trotta in "Toy Soldiers" as well as Bennett Hoenicker in "Flubber".
 Wheaton has also appeared in recurring roles as Aqualad in Teen Titans, Cosmic Boy on the "Legion of Super Heroes" and Mike Morningstar/Darkstar in the Ben 10 universe.
 He has as well regularly appeared as a fictionalized version of himself on the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" and in the roles of Colin Mason on "Leverage" and Dr. Isaac Parrish on "Eureka".
 Wheaton is also the host and co-creator of the YouTube board game show "TableTop".
