Curiosity Kills the Cat () is a 2006 Chinese thriller film directed by Zhang Yibai.
 The film is set in the director's home city of Chongqing.
 Produced by China Vision Group and Eagle Spirit Management, "Curiosity Kills the Cat" stars Hu Jun, Liao Fan, as well as veteran Hong Kong actress Carina Lau.
 Though primarily a mainland Chinese production, international sales was handled by Hong Kong-based Golden Network.
Angie Cheong Wai-yee is a Hong Kong-based Malaysian Chinese actress.
 She won the Miss Chinese Malaysia in 1992 and went to Hong Kong to compete for the Miss Chinese International in 1993.
 After that, she signed a contract with the Hong Kong television TVB and became an actress.
 In 2003, she was beaten by her boyfriend and was seriously injured.
 Cheong recently returned to Malaysia to film an episode of "Super Trio Series".
 In 2013, Cheong returned to TVB to film "Never Dance Alone" after being persuaded by her good friend and executive producer of the serial drama, Eric Tsang.
Xi Xi (, born 1938) is the pseudonym of the Chinese author and poet Zhang Yan ().
 She was born in China and came to Hong Kong at the age of twelve.
 She was a teacher and now a Hong Kong-based writer.
 Her works are popular in Taiwan and mainland China.
 She has become rather well-known to secondary school age Hong Kong people these years likewise, though, not owing to her other specific masterpieces but, very likely, ""Shops"", one of her essays which is adopted as reading materials for the Chinese Language paper of Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination by the Hong Kong Examination Authority.
 The screenplay for the 2006 film, "2 Become 1" was based on her novel, ""Mourn Over the Breasts""(哀悼乳房).
 The film starred Hong Kong Cantopop singer Miriam Yeung, as a woman living with breast cancer.
Charlene Tse Ning (born October 9, 1963 in Guangzhou, China), also known as Shallin Tse, is a Hong Kong-based Chinese actress.
 A Hakka, she is the winner of the 1985 Miss Hong Kong Pageant.
 She has acted in numerous television series produced by Hong Kong's TVB.
Nina Paw Hee-ching (born 20 July 1949) is a Hong Kong-based actress.
 Her parents are actors Pau Fong (13 November 1922 – 22 September 2006) and Liu Su.
 Her younger brother Peter Pau is Academy Awards-winning and five-times Hong Kong Film Awards-winning cinematographer.
 She was married to Henry Fong, who is also an actor.
Alien Sun (born Suen Kai-kwan on 11 September 1974), also known as Paulyn Sun and Pauline Suen, is a Hong Kong-based Singaporean actress.
 She represented Singapore at the Miss Universe 1994.
 She quit her job in business development to launch an acting career in Hong Kong.
Where's Officer Tuba?
 is a 1986 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Philip Chan and Ricky Lau and starring Sammo Hung, David Chiang, Jacky Cheung and Joey Wong.
 The film was later remade as "Look Out, Officer!
" in 1990 which starred Stephen Chow.
Stephen Shiu (, born 22 July 1949) is a Hong Kong-based media personality, businessperson, film producer, screenwriter, news presenter, and pundit.
 He founded Hong Kong Reporter in 2004, an internet radio station focused on live talk radio broadcasting.
 In 2013 he founded memehk.com, a multimedia news site, after Hong Kong Reporter was closed.
Hong In-young (born October 27, 1985) is a South Korean actress.
 Hong represented her country at the 2005 edition of the Hong Kong-based Miss Asia Pageant, where she won Miss Photogenic and placed first runner-up.
 Among her prizes was a contract with pageant organizer ATV, then upon its expiration, she returned to South Korea to further her career.
Look Out, Officer!
 (師兄撞鬼) is a 1990 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Lau Sez-yue and starring Stephen Chow, Bill Tung and Stanley Fung.
 The film is a remake of the 1986 film, "Where's Officer Tuba?
", which starred Sammo Hung.
