Saint John's Catholic Prep (also known as St. John's Literary Institution) is a private, Roman Catholic, coeducational, college preparatory high school in Buckeystown, Maryland, currently located just southwest of Frederick City.
 At the time of its founding in 1829, it was located on Second Street in eastern downtown Frederick.
 Beginning in 1958 and for 45 years thereafter, the school was housed in the historic "Prospect Hall" mansion, (1787–1803), also just southwest of Frederick.
 St. John's was the first independent Roman Catholic school in the state of Maryland.
 It was also the first Roman Catholic secondary school in the state of Maryland.
Cardinal Newman Catholic School is a Roman Catholic secondary school that caters for pupils aged between 11 and 18, located in the Warden Hills area of Bedfordshire, England.
 Opened in September 1968, the current head is Mr Richardson, with the deputy heads being Fleur Musonda and Lucy Whelan.
 There are currently over 1500 students on roll.
 The school is named after a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, John Henry Newman.
St Mary's Catholic School was a Roman Catholic secondary school located in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, England.
 The school closed at the end of the academic year in 2010, in preparation for its amalgamation with Matthew Humberstone School to form St. Andrew's College, a joint faith school which opened in September 2010.
 This school has now been renamed Holy Family Catholic Academy, and is a solely a Roman Catholic school.
Cardinal Pole Catholic School is a mixed, voluntary aided secondary school located in the Homerton area of the London Borough of Hackney, United Kingdom.
 Following the 'Building Schools for the Future' programme, all students (years 7-13) are housed in the same building on Morning Lane.
 It is named after Cardinal Reginald Pole, the last Roman Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury
Christianity in Bihar, a state of India, is a minority religion, being practised by less than 0.5% of the population.
 Most people, about 83%, in Bihar are Hindus.
 Padri Ki Haveli is a Roman Catholic church in Bihar, which exists for centuries.
 The Diocese of Patna of the Church of North India and Emmanuel Christian Fellowship Centre (ECFC) are present in Bihar and the Pentecostal Holiness Church are present in Bihar as well as the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Patna.
 The archdiocese has suffragan dioceses:the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bettiah, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bhagalpur, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buxar, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Muzaffarpur and the Roman Catholic Diocese of Purnea, all of whom have their seat in Bihar.
 Bihar has numerous house churches and a Christ Church Diocesan School exists in Patna.
St. Pius X Catholic School is a private, Roman Catholic coeducational school located in Aurora, Colorado for grades pre-K through 8.
 St. Pius X Catholic School is located within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Denver.
Reginald Pole (12 March 1500 – 17 November 1558) was an English cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the last Roman Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury, holding the office from 1556 to 1558, during the Counter Reformation.
Christianity is a minority religion in Madhya Pradesh, a state of India.
 Hindus form the majority in the state.
 The Diocese of Bhopal and the Diocese of Jabalpur of the Church of North India have their seats in Madhya Pradesh.
 The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bhopal, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gwalior, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Indore, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jabalpur, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jhabua, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Khandwa, the Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Sagar the Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Satna and the Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Ujjain have their seat in the state.
 The Presbyterian Free Church, which is a member of the International Conference of Reformed Churches has its seat in the state.
 Jabalpur has Christ Church Boys Senior Secondary School.
Gehlen Catholic School is located in LeMars, Iowa.
 Gehlen's athletic teams are known as the Jays.
 They compete in the War Eagle Conference with eight other teams from northwest Iowa.
 Their main rival is the other Roman Catholic school in the War Eagle, Remsen St. Mary's High School.
 Gehlen is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux City.
 Spalding Catholic High School merged with Gehlen at the start of the 2013-14 school year.
 As separate programs, Spalding and Gehlen earned nine Iowa High School Athletic Association baseball championships total.
Mossbourne Victoria Park Academy is a school in Victoria Park, Hackney (London, UK).
 It is the second school to be named under Mossbourne Academy.
 The school was created in 2014: the building formerly used by Cardinal Pole Roman Catholic School was first built to drawings by Robert Lewis Roumieu for the French Hospital (La Providence), which opened there in 1865.
 They have produced year 7's,8's,9's and 10's.
