FC MEN is an all-star subunit of the South Korean football club Suwon Bluewings, composed of actors, singers, models and plays charity matches.
 The team officially joined Suwon Bluewings in April 2011 and wears the Bluewings uniform.
 FC MEN is headed by pop group JYJ's member Kim Junsu.
 In 2011, FC MEN won the Peace Star Cup against Miracle FC at the Suwon World Cup Stadium.
 The team's honorary coach is the South Korean national team's goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong.
Tye White is an American actor.
 In 2016, he began starring as Kevin Satterlee in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, "Greenleaf".
Merle Dandridge (born May 31, 1975) is an actress and singer.
 She performed in a number of stage productions, including Broadway musicals "Jesus Christ Superstar", "Spamalot", and "Rent".
 Dandridge is also known for her recurring role on television series such as "Sons of Anarchy" and "The Night Shift".
 In 2016, she began starring as Grace Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, "Greenleaf".
Sujit Mondal (Bengali: সুজিত মন্ডল) is an Indian successful film director in Bengali cinema.
 He was born in West Bengal.
 He began his film career in Bollywood film industry ( mumbai), where he was an associate director to Vikram Bhatt .
.
 films like Ghulam, Kasoor, Raaz, Aap Mujhe Achche Lagne Lage, Jurm, Awara Paagal Deewana, Footpath, Deewane Huye Paagal, Inteha, Aetbaar, Ankahee, Elaan , 1920 etc has done ... He started Bengali film directing in 2009... shri venkatesh films and surinder films joint venture’s Family drama “Saat Paake Bandha” was his first film.
 then youth comedy romance “Bolo Na Tumi Aamar” le paglu dance songs, musical romantic film 'Sedin Dekha hoyechilo'.
.
 khoka babu jay lal juto paye song was talk of the town , musical family drama 'Romeo' .
.
 first time introduced motion control camera in Tollywood in the title song "Ami Holam Romeo, romance comedy drama 'Paglu 2', P.B films comedy flick 'Bawali Unlimited', hardcore thrilling action packed 'Rocky' he introduced mimoh mithun chakrabary’s son in film rocky, reincarnetion and periodically ghost drama "Arundhati".
 eskay movies youth action comedy romance "HERO 420" ... most of his film got super hit, megha hit tittled... he is the most talented and respected techniician in bengali film industry.
 Now Mr. Mondal is shooting for his film 'anneswan' based on novel of great writer prafullo roy for production vabna aaj o kal……
Juliette Jolene Barnes-Barkley is a fictional character and one of the two leads in the ABC/CMT musical drama series "Nashville".
 Juliette is portrayed by actress Hayden Panettiere since the pilot episode, which aired on October 10, 2012.
 Juliette was a teenage country sensation and is now making more mature music.
 She tries to take the throne, as Queen of Country music, from rival Rayna Jaymes.
 Panettiere has received critical acclaim for her performance as Juliette and she has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Television Series Drama in 2013 and 2014, a Satellite Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama in 2012 and a Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2016.
Desiree Ross (born May 27, 1999) is an American actress.
 She is starring as Sophia Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, "Greenleaf".
Kimberly "Kim" Hawthorne is an American actress.
 She began her career appearing on Broadway and daytime soap operas, before landing supporting roles on the prime time dramas.
 From 2000 to 2005, Hawthorne was regular cast member in the CBC Television police drama, "Da Vinci's Inquest".
 In 2016, she began starring as Kerissa Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, "Greenleaf".
Lamman Rucker (born October 6, 1971) is an American actor.
 Rucker began his career on the daytime soap operas "As the World Turns" and "All My Children", before roles in Tyler Perry's films "Why Did I Get Married?
", "Why Did I Get Married Too?
", and "Meet the Browns", and its television adaptation.
 In 2016, he began starring as Jacob Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, "Greenleaf".
Greenleaf is an American television drama series, created by Craig Wright, and executive produced by Oprah Winfrey and Lionsgate Television.
 Clement Virgo also serves as an executive producer and director.
 It stars Keith David, Lynn Whitfield, and Merle Dandridge.
 "Greenleaf" premiered on the Oprah Winfrey Network on June 21, 2016.
Deborah Joy Winans is an American actress and singer, and member of the musical Winans family.
 She is starring as Charity Greenleaf-Satterlee in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, "Greenleaf".
