Emily Spivey (born September 29, 1971) is an American television writer and producer and creator of the series "Up All Night".
 She previously worked as a staff writer on "Saturday Night Live" from 2001 to 2010.
 She won an Emmy Award in 2002 and a WGA Award in 2008, both for her work on "Saturday Night Live".
"Saturday Night Live" (abbreviated as SNL) is a late-night sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels.
 It premiered on NBC, a terrestrial television network, on October 11, 1975 under the title "NBC's Saturday Night".
 The show often satirizes contemporary American popular culture and politics.
 "Saturday Night Live" features a two-tiered cast: the repertory members, also known as the "Not Ready for Prime-Time Players", and newer cast members, known as "Featured Players."
"Wayne's World" was originally a recurring sketch from the NBC television series "Saturday Night Live".
 It evolved from a segment titled "Wayne's Power Minute" (1987) on the CBC Television series "It's Only Rock & Roll", as the main character first appeared in that show.
 The "Saturday Night Live" sketch spawned two films, and several catchphrases which have since entered the pop-culture lexicon.
 The sketch centered on a local public-access television program in Aurora, Illinois, hosted by Wayne Campbell (Mike Myers, the same actor from "Wayne's Power Minute"), an enthusiastic and sardonic long-haired metalhead, and his timid and sometimes high-strung, yet equally metal-loving sidekick and best friend, Garth Algar (Dana Carvey).
 Wayne lives with his parents and broadcasts his show "live" from the basement of their house every Friday evening at 10:30.
 The first "Wayne's World" sketch appeared in the 13th "Saturday Night Live" episode of 1988/1989.
The Saturday Night Live 40th Anniversary Special is a three-and-a-half-hour prime-time special that aired on Sunday, February 15, 2015, on NBC, celebrating "Saturday Night Live"' s 40th year on the air, having premiered on October 11, 1975, under the original title "NBC's Saturday Night".
 This special generated 23.1 million viewers, becoming NBC's most-watched prime-time, non-sports, entertainment telecast (excluding Super Bowl lead-outs) since the "Friends" series finale in 2004.
 It is the third such anniversary special to be broadcast, with celebratory episodes also held during the 15th and 25th seasons.
<section begin=head />"Saturday Night Live" ("SNL") is a late-night sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels.
 It premiered on NBC, a terrestrial television network, on October 11, 1975 under the title "NBC's Saturday Night".
 The show often satirizes contemporary American popular culture and politics.
 "Saturday Night Live" features a two-tiered cast: the repertory members, also known as the "Not Ready for Prime-Time Players," and newer cast members, known as "Featured Players."
 Each week, the show features a host, often a well-known celebrity, who delivers an opening monologue and performs in sketches with the cast.
 A musical guest is also invited to perform several sets (usually two, and occasionally more).
 Every so often a host or musical guest will fill both roles, such as was the case with Britney Spears in 2000 and 2002, Jennifer Lopez in 2001 and 2010, Justin Timberlake in 2003, 2006 and 2013, Taylor Swift in 2009, Bruno Mars in 2012, Lady Gaga in 2013, Miley Cyrus in 2013 and 2015, Drake in 2014 and 2016, Blake Shelton in 2015, and Ariana Grande in 2016.
 With the exception of Season 7 and several other rare cases, the show has begun with a cold open that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming "Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!
"
SNL Studios is a production company, founded in July 1997 as a joint venture between "Saturday Night Live" executive producer Lorne Michaels and NBC Studios (now Universal Television, the production arm of NBCUniversal).
 While this venture also initially included Paramount Pictures, it was dissolved following NBC's merger with Universal Studios.
 On the television side, SNL Studios produces "Saturday Night Live" in association with Broadway Video.
 Film productions, typically offshoots of Saturday Night Live' sketches, include, among others, "A Night at the Roxbury" and "Superstar".
Saturday Night Live from Milano, Also known as Saturday Night Live Italy, was the Italian localisation of the popular US-comedy television series "Saturday Night Live", shown on Mediaset television channel Italia 1 from 2006.
Ellen Cleghorne (born November 29, 1965) is an American actress and comedian, best known as a cast member of "Saturday Night Live" from 1991 to 1995.
 Cleghorne was the sketch comedy show's second African-American female repertory cast member, succeeding Danitra Vance in its eleventh season, and the first African-American female cast member to stay for more than one season.
 She returned for its 40th anniversary special on February 15, 2015.
 Cleghorne was ranked the 69th greatest "Saturday Night Live" cast member by "Rolling Stone" magazine.
Erik Marcisak (pronounced "Mar-See-Sack") (born March 17, 1978 in Queens, NY), is an American writer, sketch comedy producer, actor and VIP customer of David Gagnon taxi, based in Charlottetown, PEI.
 Erik Marcisak was named one of "Backstage"'s Top Ten "Comedy Best Bets" in 2005 for producing the controversial sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Rewritten", which used the previous night's "Saturday Night Live" as a creative jumping-off point for an entirely new sketch show that was written, rehearsed, and performed within 8 hours the next day.
 "Saturday Night Rewritten" ran in New York City from 2003-2006.
A Night at the Roxbury is a 1998 American comedy film based on a recurring skit on television's long-running "Saturday Night Live" called "The Roxbury Guys".
 "Saturday Night Live" regulars Will Ferrell, Chris Kattan, Molly Shannon, Mark McKinney and Colin Quinn star.
 This film expands on the original Saturday Night Live sketches where the Roxbury Guys were joined by that week's host, and bobbed their heads to Haddaway's hit song "What Is Love" while being comically rejected by women at various clubs.
