Around the World in Eighty Days (French: "Le tour du monde en quatre-vingts jours" ) is a classic adventure novel by the French writer Jules Verne, published in 1873.
 In the story, Phileas Fogg of London and his newly employed French valet Passepartout attempt to circumnavigate the world in 80 days on a £20,000 wager (the approximate equivalent of £2 million in 2016) set by his friends at the Reform Club.
 It is one of Verne's most acclaimed works .
Jay Howard Sheffield (September 25, 1934 - June 25, 1998) was an American actor, who appeared in the film "The Three Stooges Go Around the World in a Daze".
 Sheffield played Phileas Fogg III, the great grandson of Phileas Fogg.
 He was a guest star of "Hogan's Heroes".
Around the World in 80 Days is a 7-part BBC television travel series first broadcast on BBC1 in 1989.
 It was presented by comedian and actor Michael Palin.
 The show was inspired by Jules Verne's classic novel "Around the World in Eighty Days", in which a character named Phileas Fogg accepts a wager to circumnavigate the globe in eighty days or less.
 Palin was given the same deadline, and not allowed to use aircraft, which did not exist in Jules Verne's time and would make completing the journey far too easy.
 He followed Phileas Fogg's route as closely as possible.
 Along the way he commented on the sights and cultures he encountered.
 Palin encountered several setbacks during his voyage, partly because he travelled with a five-person film crew, who are collectively named after Passepartout, Phileas Fogg's manservant.
Around the World in 80 Days is a 2004 American action-adventure comedy family film based on Jules Verne's novel of the same name.
 It stars Jackie Chan, Steve Coogan and Cécile de France.
 The film is set in 19th-century Britain and centers on Phileas Fogg (Steve Coogan), here reimagined as an eccentric inventor, and his efforts to circumnavigate the globe in 80 days.
 During the trip, he is accompanied by his Chinese valet, Passepartout (Jackie Chan).
 For comedic reasons, the film intentionally deviated wildly from the novel and included a number of anachronistic elements.
 With production costs of about $110 million and estimated marketing costs of $30 million, it earned $24 million at the U.S. box office and $72 million worldwide, making it a box office flop.
 It was Arnold Schwarzenegger's last film before he took a hiatus from acting to become Governor of California until 2010's "The Expendables".
Phileas Fogg is a range of branded snack products in the United Kingdom that was created in 1982.
 The product is named after Phileas Fogg, the protagonist of Jules Verne's "Around the World in Eighty Days", and is made in Consett, County Durham.
 When the Phileas Fogg company was sold in the 1990s, its products were rebranded but poorly received, leading to a decline in popularity.
 The brand was relaunched in 2009.
The Real Glory is a 1939 Samuel Goldwyn Productions action film starring Gary Cooper, David Niven, Andrea Leeds and Broderick Crawford released by United Artists in the weeks immediately following Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland.
 Based on a 1937 novel of the same name by Charles L. Clifford and directed by Henry Hathaway, the film is set against the backdrop of the Moro Rebellion during the American occupation of the Philippines at the beginning of the 20th century.
 According to "The World" news broadcast on Aug 18, 2017, the War Department withdrew the film in 1942.
 The Moros were US allies in World War II, and the film had inflammatory scenes such as the tossing of a Muslim into a pig pit.
Ball of Fire is a 1941 American screwball comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and starring Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck.
 This Samuel Goldwyn Productions film (originally distributed by RKO) concerns a group of professors laboring to write an encyclopedia and their encounter with a nightclub performer who provides her own unique knowledge.
Around the World in 80 Days is a British travel documentary series made to support the annual BBC Children in Need charity appeal in 2009.
 It sees twelve celebrities attempt to circumnavigate the globe in eighty days without using air transport, recreating the journey of Phileas Fogg and Michael Palin.
 Like Fogg and Palin, the journey begins and ends at the Reform Club in London.
 It was first shown on BBC One and BBC HD in October and November 2009.
James David Graham Niven (1 March 1910 – 29 July 1983) was an English actor, memoirist and novelist.
 His many roles included Squadron Leader Peter Carter in "A Matter of Life and Death", Phileas Fogg in "Around the World in 80 Days", and Sir Charles Lytton ("the Phantom") in "The Pink Panther."
 He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in "Separate Tables" (1958).
The Jules Verne Trophy is a prize for the fastest circumnavigation of the world by any type of yacht with no restrictions on the size of the crew provided the vessel has registered with the organization and paid an entry fee.
 A vessel holding the Jules Verne trophy will not necessarily hold the absolute round the world record.
 The trophy was first awarded to the first yacht which sailed around the world in less than 80 days.
 The name of the award is a reference to the Jules Verne novel "Around the World in Eighty Days" in which Phileas Fogg traverses the planet (albeit by railroad and steamboat) in 80 days.
 The current holder is "IDEC Sport" skippered by Francis Joyon in 40 days 23 hours 30 minutes 30 seconds.
