Barend or (somewhat dated spelling) Barent is a Dutch male given name and occasional middle name.
 As of 2014, there are over than 4,000 men in the Netherlands with this as their first name, and nearly 3,000 with it as their middle name.
 It was likely derived from Bernard.
 Notable people with the name include:
Jeff Strabone is a Brooklyn-based American scholar, political activist and civic leader.
 In 2016, his website "directelection.org" listed the names and addresses of members of the U.S. Electoral College, and he urged people to write to electors to ask them not to vote for president-elect Donald Trump, an effort which brought him national attention.
 As a civic leader in Brooklyn, he has been active in promoting theatre preservation, building codes and housing issues, hospital preservation, and traffic flow.
 He has been a leader of Brooklyn's Cobble Hill Association, a neighborhood preservation group.
 He is the co-founder and chairman of the New Brooklyn Theatre.
 In 2008, he changed his middle name to "Hussein" as a show of solidarity with then presidential candidate Barack Obama, who was running for the office of president, and who had been criticized for his Muslim-sounding middle name.
 He is an associate professor of English and teaches British and African literature, and he was granted tenure at Connecticut College in 2016.
 He commented about the post-election effort:
Latvian names, like in most European cultures, consist of two main elements: the given name ("vārds") followed by family name ("uzvārds").
 During the Soviet occupation (1940 - 1991) the practice of giving a middle name was discouraged, but since the restoration of Independence Latvian legislation again allows giving of up to two given names and it has become more common to give a middle name to children.
The Daily Howler is an American political blog written by Bob Somerby.
 It was perhaps the first major political blog, started in 1998.
 The style is by turns earnest and sarcastic.
 Somerby criticizes what he considers the media's frequently biased or lazy coverage.
 In his view, the media frequently latch on to a generally agreed "script" with little regard for facts that contradict the script.
 For instance, in the runup to the U.S. 2000 election it was frequently said or assumed that Al Gore was untruthful, but Somerby shows that much of what supposedly underlay that script was in fact untrue, misrepresented or greatly exaggerated.
 He also argues that the media frequently ignore substantive issues and concentrate on trivial ones instead (in the 2000 presidential election, for example, professing bewilderment in response to the candidates' budget proposals while writing repeatedly and at length about irrelevant issues such as Gore's choice of clothes, or in 2006 writing articles about Barack Obama's middle name.)
 Despite being left of center in his politics, Somerby mainly critiques liberals in the U.S. mainstream media who he feels do poor journalism, such as Rachel Maddow and Keith Olbermann, both of MSNBC.
In several cultures, people's names usually include one or more names in addition to the portion that is usually considered adequate to identify them.
 In a number of cultures where a given name is expected to precede the surname, such a name is likely to be placed after the given name and before the surname, and thus called a middle name.
 In English-speaking American culture, that term is often applied (arguably mistakenly) to names, occupying that position, even if the bearer would insist that that name is being mistakenly called a "middle name", and is actually (to mention several types of atypical cases):
Marion Christopher Barry was born in June 1980 to Marion Barry and Barry's third wife, Effi Slaughter Barry.
 He was their only child.
 His father had wanted to name him Marion Barry III, but Effi was strongly opposed, and they decided to give him the middle name Christopher instead.
 For most of his adult life, Barry went by his middle name, Christopher.
Singh is a title, middle name or surname, which originated in India.
 Derived from the Sanskrit word for lion, it was adopted as a title by certain warrior castes in India.
 It was mandated by Guru Gobind Singh for all Sikhs.
 It was later adopted by several castes and communities.
 As a surname or a middle name, it is now found throughout the Indian subcontinent and among the Indian diaspora, cutting across communities and religious groups, becoming more of a title than a surname.
Charles David "Chuck" Todd (born April 8, 1972) is an American television journalist who is the 12th moderator of NBC's "Meet the Press", and host of "MTP Daily" on MSNBC.
 He also serves as the Political Director for NBC News.
 Prior to taking the helm of "Meet the Press," Todd was Chief White House correspondent for the network and host of "The Daily Rundown" on MSNBC.
 He became political director in March 2007.
 He also serves as NBC News' on-air political analyst for "NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt" and "Today".
Christopher Funk is an American musician and multi-instrumentalist best known as a member of the Portland, Oregon, indie rock band The Decemberists.
 He plays guitar, pedal steel, piano, violin, dobro, hurdy-gurdy, mandolin, saxophone, the theremin and many other instruments.
 According to Colin Meloy, as stated at the Pilgrimage Festival in Franklin, TN on September 27, 2015, Funk was originally given the middle name "Ryman" but a clerical error on his birth certificate resulted in his middle name being recorded as "Lyman."
Stephan Joseph "Steve" Kornacki, Jr. (born August 22, 1979) is an American political journalist, writer, and television host.
 Kornacki is National Political Correspondent for NBC News and is known for his work as contributor and co-host of the 4 P.M. edition of MSNBC Live.
 Kornacki has written articles for Salon, "The New York Observer," "The Wall Street Journal", "The New York Times", the New York "Daily News", the "New York Post", "The Boston Globe", and "The Daily Beast".
 Kornacki was the multimedia anchor and data analyst for much of MSNBC's "The Place for Politics" campaign coverage, airing throughout 2016.
