Aerocondor (ATA Aerocondor Transportes Aéreos Lda) was an airline and flight school based in Cascais, Portugal.
 It was a regional airline operating scheduled services in mainland Portugal and to Madeira, as well as scheduled passenger services in France and charter services to the United Kingdom and Spain.
 Its main bases were Portela Airport, Lisbon and Madeira Airport with its own flight school in Cascais Aerodrome.
Huffman Aviation was a flight-training school in Venice, Florida at Venice Municipal Airport This flight school has no affiliation with a flight school in Texas with the same name.
ATP Flight School, headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, is the largest flight training company in the United States.
 The privately held company was founded in Atlanta, GA by its current management, a small group of airline pilots, in 1984.
 ATP’s initial focus was providing flight training to U.S. military pilots who were seeking their Airline Transport Pilot Certificates to transition over to commercial air carrier operations.
 Maintaining a focus on professional flight training, ATP later expanded its course offerings to include ab-initio training programs for both domestic and international students, seeking a career in commercial aviation.
 Today, ATP is the leading supplier of professionally trained pilots to the nation's regional airlines.
The Sierra Academy of Aeronautics is an aviation flight school headquartered in Atwater, California.
 It operates its training facility at the former Castle Air Force Base in Atwater, California.
 Sierra Academy is also contracted by several foreign air carriers to perform pilot training, including Shanghai Airlines.
The North American Institute of Aviation (NAIA) was a private, FAA Part-141 flight school located in Conway, South Carolina, in the United States.
 Founded on July 7, 1972 in Hammonton, New Jersey, then later moved to South Carolina in 1978, NAIA specialized in flight and aircraft maintenance training.
 It has also had a campus in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
 The school had close connections to North European Aviation Resources (NEAR) of Vigra, Norway, and was for a period of time the ab-initio school of Scandinavian Airlines.
 The school subsequently commanded an excellent reputation in Northern Europe.
 NAIA boasted an international student population and graduates work for airlines world wide.
 The school concentrated its efforts on FAA Part-141 operations and their European JAR-FCL approved program in cooperation with NEAR, which maintained a representative at the school.
 NAIA operated out of the Conway-Horry County Airport where it was also the fixed-base operator (FBO).
Jeremiah Atwater (December 27, 1773 – July 29, 1858) was notable as an educator, minister, and college president.
 Atwater became principal of the Addison County Grammar School in 1799 and, a year later, when the school became Middlebury College, assumed the role of its first president.
 In 1809, Atwater left Middlebury to become the third president of Dickinson College in Pennsylvania.
 He remained in that position until 1815, when he returned to New Haven, Connecticut, his birthplace and home of his alma mater, Yale University.
 Atwater Commons, one of five residential commons at Middlebury, is named for him.
 Dickinson College also has an Atwater Hall named for him.
 Atwater was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1815.
American Airlines Flight 157 was a civil aviation accident resulting in 28 fatalities.
 The aircraft, a Douglas DC-6, was flying on November 29, 1949, from New York City bound for Mexico City with 46 passengers and crew.
 After one engine failed in mid-flight, a series of critical mistakes by the flight crew caused the pilot to lose control of the plane during the final approach to a routine stopover at Love Field in Dallas, Texas.
 The airliner slid off the runway and struck a parked airplane, a hangar, and a flight school before crashing into a business across from the airport.
 26 passengers and two flight attendants died.
 The pilot, co-pilot, flight engineer, and 15 passengers survived.
American Flyers is an American flight school.
 It is the oldest flight training school in the United States, having been founded at Midway Airport in 1939 by Reed Pigman.
 In 1980 the flight school chain Aviation Training Enterprises, A.T.E, acquired American Flyers.
 The company operates a chain of facilities at airports all across the United States.
 American Flyers produces more instrument-rated pilots than any other school in the nation.
 Previously based in West Chicago, Illinois, in a building that has now been taken over by the Avel Flight School, American Flyers has nine locations across the United States providing flight training to domestic and international students.
 An FAA-approved part 141 school, American Flyers offers a 6 months program that uses a rigid training course syllabus and standardized instructors.
The Edmonton Flying Club, home of the Edmonton Flight College, is a flying club and flight school located just west of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
 It operates from Parkland Airport in Parkland County.
 It was founded in 1927 as the Edmonton and Northern Alberta Aero Club.
 The club's first president was Canadian World War I flying ace, Wilfrid R. "Wop" May.
 At the time, the purpose of the club was to promote aviation and to provide flight training.
 Today, the Edmonton Flying Club is a member-owned organization that operates a diverse fleet of aircraft and provides flight training at all levels.
The Pacific Flying Club is a flight school based out of Boundary Bay Airport in Delta, British Columbia.
 It is the largest flight school on the west coast of Canada.
 The Pacific Flying Club was formed on July 14, 1965.
 In 2015 Pacific Flying Club will be celebrating its 50th anniversary by hosting the Webster Memorial Trophy Competition.
