The 2015 Duo BRDC Formula 4 Championship was a multi-event motor racing championship for open wheel, formula racing cars held across England.
 The championship featured a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers competing in 2-litre Duratec single seat race cars that conformed to the technical regulations for the championship.
 The 2015 season was the third BRDC Formula 4 Championship organised by the British Racing Drivers' Club in the United Kingdom.
 The season began at Oulton Park on 4 April and ended on 27 September at Brands Hatch, after eight triple header events for a total of twenty-four races.
The 2015 Duo BRDC Formula 4 Autumn Trophy was a two-event motor racing championship for open wheel, formula racing cars held across England, as an off-season trophy to the BRDC Formula 4 Championship.
 The trophy featured a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers, and also featured the debut of the new 2-litre 230-bhp Tatuus-Cosworth single seat race car that will be used from the 2016 BRDC Formula 4 Championship season onwards.
 The season was run at Snetterton 300 on November 7–8 and at Brands Hatch Indy on November 14–15, in two quadruple-header events.
The 2017 F4 British Championship is a multi-event, Formula 4 open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held across United Kingdom.
 The championship features a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers, competing in Formula 4 cars that conform to the technical regulations for the championship.
 This, the third season, following on from the British Formula Ford Championship, will be the third year that the cars conform to the FIA's Formula 4 regulations.
 Part of the TOCA tour, it forms part of the extensive program of support categories built up around the BTCC centrepiece.
The 2014 BRDC Formula 4 Championship was a multi-event motor racing championship for open wheel, formula racing cars held across England.
 The championship featured a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers competing in 2 litre Duratec single seat race cars that conformed to the technical regulations for the championship.
 The 2014 season was the second BRDC Formula 4 Championship organized by Jonathan Palmer's MotorSport Vision company, with support from the British Racing Drivers' Club in the United Kingdom, and dedicated championship highlights shown on ITV4 the weekend after each round, in a prime time slot.
 The season began at Silverstone on 26 April and ended on 26 October at Snetterton, after 8 triple header events amassing to 24 races.
The 2013 Dunlop MSA Formula Ford Championship of Great Britain was a multi-event, open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held across England and Scotland.
 The championship featured a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers, competing in Formula Ford cars that conform to the technical regulations for the championship.
 This season saw the championship adopt a single class format, with all drivers using the latest cars built to the Formula Ford EcoBoost specification.
 There was also an award for the highest placed rookie.
 It was the 37th British Formula Ford season and returned to the TOCA tour to form part of the extensive program of support categories built up around the BTCC centrepiece.
The Monoposto Racing Club is a single seater, open-wheeled motor racing club in the United Kingdom.
 Its members race a variety of single seater race cars ranging from 600cc Jedi's to 2000cc Formula Three and Formula Renault cars. "
Monoposto" is Italian for 'Single Seater'.
 As of 2010, it is the largest single seater championship in the UK, with over 60 regular race entrants.
The 2013 BRDC Formula 4 Championship was a multi-event motor racing championship for open wheel, formula racing cars held across England.
 The championship features a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers competing in 2 litre Duratec single seat race cars that conform to the technical regulations for the championship.
 The 2013 season was the inaugural BRDC Formula 4 Championship organized by the British Racing Drivers' Club in the United Kingdom.
 The season began at Silverstone Circuit on 27 April and ended on 29 September at Donington Park.
 The series had eight triple header events all held in the United Kingdom.
The 2016 F4 British Championship (known as 2016 MSA Formula Championship at the first two rounds) is a multi-event, Formula 4 open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held across England and Scotland.
 The championship features a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers, competing in Formula 4 cars that conform to the technical regulations for the championship.
 This, the second season, following on from the British Formula Ford Championship, will be the second year that the cars conform to the FIA's Formula 4 regulations.
 Part of the TOCA tour, it forms part of the extensive program of support categories built up around the BTCC centrepiece.
The 2014 Dunlop MSA Formula Ford Championship of Great Britain was a multi-event, open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held across England and Scotland.
 The championship featured a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers, competing in Formula Ford cars that conformed to the technical regulations for the championship.
 This, the 38th British Formula Ford season, was the second year of the single class format, with all drivers using the latest cars built to the Formula Ford EcoBoost specification.
 There was also an award for the highest placed Rookie.
 Part of the TOCA tour, it formed part of the extensive program of support categories built up around the BTCC centrepiece.
 The season commenced on 30 March at Brands Hatch – on the circuit's Indy configuration – and concluded on 12 October at the same venue, utilising the Grand Prix circuit, after 30 races held at 10 meetings, all in support of the 2014 British Touring Car Championship season.
The 2015 MSA Formula Championship was a multi-event, Formula 4 open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held across England and Scotland.
 The championship features a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers, competing in Formula 4 cars that conform to the technical regulations for the championship.
 This, the inaugural season, following on from the British Formula Ford Championship, will be the first year that the cars conform to the FIA's Formula 4 regulations.
 Part of the TOCA tour, it forms part of the extensive program of support categories built up around the British Touring Car Championship centrepiece.
