Prince Michel of Orléans, Fils de France, Count of Évreux (Michel Joseph Benoît Marie; born 25 June 1941, Rabat, Morocco) is a French nobleman and part of the claimant family to the French throne.
 He is the son of the late Prince Henri, Count of Paris (the Orleanist claimant to the French throne from 1940 until his death) and Princess Isabelle of Orléans-Braganza.
 Prince Michel is styled as the Count of Évreux.
The 33rd Infantry Division "Acqui" (Italian: "33ª Divisione Acqui" ) was a mountain infantry Division of the Italian Army during World War II.
 The only difference between line infantry divisions and mountain infantry divisions was that the latter's artillery was carried by pack mules instead of the standard horse-drawn carriages.
 Italy's real mountain warfare divisions were the six alpine divisions manned by the "Alpini" mountain troops.
 The "Acqui" Division was formed in August 1939 from the parts of 14th and 11th infantry brigades, and mobilized for war in October 1939.
 It is notable for having been massacred with remarkable cruelty after surrendering to the Germans 21 September 1943.
 The main detachments of the "Acqui" division in the islands of Cephalonia and Corfu were officially dissolved 24 September 1943.
The Royal House of Sulu is an Islamic royal house which ruled the Sulu Sultanate (now part of Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines).
 In 1962, Philippine Government under the leadership of President Diosdado Macapagal officially recognised the continued existence of the Royal Sultanate of Sulu.
 On 24 May 1974 Sultan Mohammad Mahakuttah Kiram, under Memo Order 427, which was issued by Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos.
 Memo Order 427 states that "The Government has always recognised the Sultanate of Sulu as the legitimate claimant to the historical territories of the Republic of Philippines".
 The Memo Order 427 states that Mahakuttah A. Kiram (reigned 1974–1986) is officially the recognised Sultan of Sulu.
 Sultan Mahakuttah A. Kiram eldest son Datu Muedzul Lail Tan Kiram was officially crowned Raja Muda (Crown Prince, heir to the Throne) of the Sultanate of Sulu.
 He was crowned Raja Muda (Crown Prince) on the same day His Majesty’s father Mahakuttah A. Kiram was officially crowned Sultan of Sulu.
 Muedzul Lail Tan Kiram became the Head of the Royal House of Sulu on 16 February 1986.
 As the eldest son of the former Sultan, he is the legitimate heir claimant to the throne of the Sultanate of Sulu.
 The current ruling lineage is the Royal House of Kiram.
 The Royal House of Kiram descends from Sultan Jamalul Kiram I, who was the Sultan of Sulu from 1823–1844.
The Yugoslav destroyer "Beograd was the lead ship of the "Beograd"-class of destroyers built for the Royal Yugoslav Navy (, KJRM) during the late 1930s.
 When Yugoslavia entered World War II due to the German-led Axis invasion of that country in April 1941, she was damaged by a near miss during an air attack, and was then captured by the Italians.
 After refitting, she saw extensive service with the Royal Italian Navy from August 1941 to September 1943, completing over 100 convoy escort missions in the Mediterranean under the name Sebenico, mainly as a convoy escort on routes between Italy and the Aegean and North Africa.
 Following the Italian armistice in September 1943, she was captured by the German Navy and redesignated TA43".
 Re-armed, she served with the 9th Torpedo Boat Flotilla on escort and minelaying duties in the northern Adriatic.
 She was sunk or scuttled at Trieste on 30 April or 1 May 1945.
 She was raised in June 1946, probably to remove her as a navigation hazard, only to be scuttled again in either July 1946 or in 1947.
Prince Amedeo, 5th Duke of Aosta (Amedeo Umberto Costantino Giorgio Paolo Elena Maria Fiorenzo Zvonimir di Savoia-Aosta; born 27 September 1943) is a claimant to the headship of the House of Savoy, the family which ruled Italy from 1861 to 1946.
 Until 7 July 2006 Amedeo was styled Duke of Aosta; on that date he declared himself Duke of Savoy, a title that is disputed between him and his third cousin, Vittorio Emanuele, Prince of Naples.
 In fact, Prince Amedeo is still referred to as "Duke of Aosta".
The Italian governorate of Montenegro (Italian: "Governatorato del Montenegro" ) existed from October 1941 to September 1943 as an occupied territory under military government of Fascist Italy during World War II.
 Although the Italians had intended to establish a quasi-independent Montenegrin kingdom, these plans were permanently shelved after a popular uprising in July 1941.
 Following the Italian surrender in September 1943, the territory of Montenegro was occupied by German forces which withdrew in December 1944.
The line of succession to the former throne of Bhopal, among the pre-eminent Indian principalities, was, uniquely amongst the Indian princely houses, by male-preference primogeniture in the direct family line.
 This principle of succession was formally established by the last Nawab of Bhopal, Hamidullah Khan, upon his confirmation as ruler of Bhopal in 1926.
 Since his death in 1960, the identity of the present rightful claimant to the former throne remains a matter of contention, though the claim of the descendants of his second daughter Sajida Sultan has been recognised by the Indian government and courts.
 As the Indian government has discontinued the official recognition of princely families since 1971, however, this question has primarily been examined since then with respect to property inheritance rights.
Prince Luís of Orléans-Braganza (26 January 1878 – 26 March 1920), was a claimant to the former throne of the Empire of Brazil.
 He was born in Brazil, the second son of Prince Gaston, Count of Eu, and Isabel, Princess Imperial of Brazil.
Prince Aimone of Savoy-Aosta, Duke of Apulia (born 13 October 1967) is the second child and first son of Prince Amedeo, 5th Duke of Aosta, one of the two claimants to the former throne of Italy.
 In 2006, his father declared himself Duke of Savoy and head of the House of Savoy; since then Prince Aimone has styled himself Duke of Aosta.
 However, because the headship of the royal house is disputed between his father and Vittorio Emanuele, Prince of Naples, he is still referred to as "Duke of Apulia".
Prince Luiz of Orleans-Braganza (born 6 June 1938) is the head of the Vassouras branch of the House of Orléans-Braganza and a claimant to the defunct Brazilian throne.
 The Vassouras branch claims the throne in opposition to the Petrópolis branch of the Orléans-Braganzas, headed by Prince Pedro Carlos of Orléans-Braganza.
 Though both Prince Luiz and Prince Pedro Carlos are great-great-grandchildren of Emperor Pedro II of Brazil, of the House of Braganza, they dispute leadership over Brazilian Imperial Family due to a dynastic dispute concerning their fathers, who were cousins.
