William Henry Steward (July 26, 1847 – January 3, 1935) was a civil rights activist from Louisville, Kentucky.
 In February 1876, he was appointed the first black letter carrier in Kentucky.
 He was the leading layman of the General Association of Negro Baptists in Kentucky and played a key role in the founding of Simmons College of Kentucky by the group in 1879.
 He continued to play an important role in the college during his life.
 He was also co-founder of the "American Baptist", a journal associated with the group, and Steward went on to be the journal's editor.
 He was a leader in Louisville civic and public life, and played a role in extending educational opportunities in the city to black children.
 In 1897, his political associations led to his appointment as judge of registration and election for the Fifteenth Precinct of the Ninth Ward, overseeing voter registration for the election.
 This was the first appointment of an African American to such a position in Kentucky.
 He was elected president of the Afro-American Press Association in the 1890s He was a close associate of Booker T. Washington, and in the late 1890s and early 1900s, Steward was a prominent member of the National Afro-American Council, which was dominated by Washington.
 He was president of the Council from 1904 to 1905.
 He was a lifelong opponent of segregation and was frequently involved in anti-Jim Crow law activities.
 In 1914 he helped found a Louisville branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), which he left in 1920 to become a key player in the Commission on Interracial Cooperation (CIC).
 He was also a prominent freemason and twice elected Worshipful Master of the Grand Lodge of Kentucky.
James Charles Evers (born September 11, 1922) is an American civil rights activist and former politician.
 A Republican, Evers was known for his role in the Civil Rights Movement along with his younger brother Medgar Evers.
 He was made the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) State Voter Registration Chairman in 1954.
 After his brother's assassination in 1963, Evers took over his position as field director of the NAACP in Mississippi.
 As field director, Evers organized and led many demonstrations for the rights of African Americans.
Lulu (or Lula) Belle Madison White (1900-1957) was a teacher and civil rights activist in Texas during the 1940s and 1950s.
 In 1939, White was named as the president of the Houston chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) before becoming executive secretary of the branch in 1943.
 Under her leadership, the Houston chapter of the NAACP more than doubled in size from 1943 to 1948.
Ernest Samuel McBride, Sr (November 20, 1909 – May 5, 2007) was an African American civil rights activist and community leader based in Long Beach, California.
 He fought to improve the working prospects and conditions of African Americans in the shipyards, grocery stores, housing, police and fire departments in Long Beach.
 He was a co-founder of the Long Beach chapter of National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
 Like Martin Luther King, Jr., McBride employed Mahatma Gandhi's model of peaceful protest to achieve civil rights gains.
 He became a target of the FBI's CONINTELPRO, which targeted many of the country's civil rights organizations and leaders, including Martin Luther King, Jr. - most famously resulting in the FBI - King Suicide Letter.
 McBride's legacy is memorialized in numerous awards, historic land marking of his home, and the naming of a high school and park.
Terry A. Francois ( 1922 – June 9, 1989) was an African American attorney, civil rights activist, and politician.
 He served as San Francisco chapter president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and became the first African American to serve on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
James Weldon Johnson (June 17, 1871June 26, 1938) was an American author, educator, lawyer, diplomat, songwriter, and civil rights activist.
 Johnson is best remembered for his leadership of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), where he started working in 1917.
 In 1920 he was the first African American to be chosen as executive secretary of the organization, effectively the operating officer.
 He served in that position from 1920 to 1930.
 Johnson established his reputation as a writer, and was known during the Harlem Renaissance for his poems, novels, and anthologies collecting both poems and spirituals of black culture.
William Edward Burghardt "W. E. B." Du Bois ( ; February 23, 1868 – August 27, 1963) was an American sociologist, historian, civil rights activist, Pan-Africanist, author, writer and editor.
 Born in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, Du Bois grew up in a relatively tolerant and integrated community.
 After completing graduate work at the University of Berlin and Harvard, where he was the first African American to earn a doctorate, he became a professor of history, sociology and economics at Atlanta University.
 Du Bois was one of the co-founders of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) in 1909.
Hubert Thomas Delany ( ; May 11, 1901 - December 28, 1990) was an American civil rights pioneer, a lawyer, politician, Assistant U.S. Attorney, the first African American Tax Commissioner of New York and one of the first appointed African American judges in New York City.
 Judge Delany was on the board of Directors for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), the Harlem YMCA and became an active leader in the Harlem Renaissance.
 He also served as a Vice President of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund.
Daisy Elizabeth Adams Lampkin (August 9, 1883 – March 10, 1965) was an American [[suffragist[[Civil rights movement|civil rights]] activist, organization executive, and community practitioner whose career spanned over half a century.
 Lampkin’s effective skills as an orator, fundraiser, organizer, and political activist guided the work being conducted by the [[National Association of Colored Women]] (NACW); [[National Association for the Advancement of Colored People]] (NAACP); [[National Council of Negro Women]] and other leading civil rights organizations of the [[Progressive Era]].
Clement Garnett Morgan (1859-1929) was an American attorney, civil rights activist, and city official of Cambridge, Massachusetts.
 Born into slavery in Virginia and freed by the Emancipation Proclamation, he trained as a barber before moving to Massachusetts to pursue his education.
 He was the first African American to earn degrees from both Harvard University and its law school; the first African American to deliver Harvard's senior class oration; and the first black alderman in New England.
 As an attorney he handled many civil rights cases, in one instance closing down a segregated school.
 He was a founding member of the Niagara Movement and of the Boston branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
