Luck by Chance is a 2009 Indian drama film written and directed by Zoya Akhtar.
 Produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani, it stars Farhan Akhtar and Konkana Sen Sharma in the lead roles.
 Rishi Kapoor, Alyy Khan, Dimple Kapadia, Juhi Chawla, Hrithik Roshan, Isha Sharvani, and Sanjay Kapoor feature in the supporting roles.
 Guest stars and industry folk starring as themselves included Shahrukh Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Karan Johar, Manish Malhotra, Ranbir Kapoor, Abhishek Bachchan, Akshaye Khanna, John Abraham, Rani Mukherjee, and Aamir Khan in seamless cameos.
Kapoor & Sons, also known as Kapoor & Sons (Since 1921), is an Indian Hindi-language buddy romantic drama film directed by Shakun Batra and produced by Karan Johar, Hiroo Yash Johar, and Apoorva Mehta under the banners of Dharma Productions and Fox Star Studios.
 The film stars an ensemble cast featuring Rishi Kapoor, Ratna Pathak, Rajat Kapoor, Sidharth Malhotra, Fawad Khan and Alia Bhatt.
 "Kapoor & Sons" tells the story of two estranged brothers who return to their dysfunctional family after their grandfather suffers a cardiac arrest.
Sultanat is a 1986 Bollywood film written and directed by Mukul S. Anand.
 The film stars Dharmendra, Sunny Deol, Sridevi, Amrish Puri, Shakti Kapoor, Tom Alter and marked the debut of Karan Kapoor (son of Shashi Kapoor) and Juhi Chawla.
 It was not a success at the box-office.
 It was the first film in which Dharmendra appeared alongside his son Sunny Deol.
Karan Kundrra (earlier known as Karan Kundra) is an Indian film and television actor best known for playing the role of "Arjun Punj" in Ekta Kapoor's Indian soap opera "Kitani Mohabbat Hai" that aired on NDTV Imagine.
 He is also remembered for hosting three seasons of Ekta Kapoor's yet another crime show "Gumrah End of Innocence" on Channel V.
 He was also a 'Gang Leader' in MTV Roadies X2 and X4.
 He was replaced by Nikhil Chinnapa in Roadies Rising as he had to quit it due to movie commitments.
 He played a meaty role of NRI businessman Manpreet Sandhu in director Anees Bazmee's comic movie Mubarakan.
Kunal Karan Kapoor (born 22 August 1982 in Mumbai, India) is an Indian actor.
 In 2013, he won the 'Best Actor(male)-Popular' for Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha at the Indian Telly Awards for which he is highly noted.
 His role as Mohan Bhatnagar gave him a huge fan base and made him the most perfect telly actor.
 He went on to become the "King of expressions" also.
 At 2017 he made his return after two years of gap, and recently" he has made his (new album) 'Adda with his co-actor Ritabhari Chakraborty.
Loha is a 1987 Hindi film directed by Raj N. Sippy.
 It was released in India on 23 January 1987.
 It stars Dharmendra, Shatrughan Sinha, Karan Kapoor, Madhavi, Mandakini and Amrish Puri.
 The film was one of that year's highest grossing films.
 The film became Dharmendra's first hit of the year 1987, where he went on to deliver 7 more outright hits and hence, represented one of his best career years as well as an all-time record year for any Hindi film star.
 The film's music became popular also, most notably, ""Isa Pir na musa pir, sabse bada hain paisa pir"" picturised beautifully on the male leads of the film.
Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu (English: "One me, and one you") is a 2012 Indian romantic comedy film written and directed by Shakun Batra in his directorial debut.
 It was produced by Karan Johar and Hiroo Yash Johar under the banner of Dharma Productions, alongside Ronnie Screwvala of UTV Motion Pictures.
 The film features Imran Khan and Kareena Kapoor in lead roles, with Ratna Pathak Shah, Boman Irani and Ram Kapoor in supporting roles.
 The plot centers on an uptight architect named Rahul Kapoor, living in Las Vegas, Nevada, who loses his job and, following a night of debauchery, accidentally marries a free-spirited hairstylist named Riana Braganza.
 After mutually deciding to annul the marriage, Rahul begins a one-sided attraction for Riana, which threatens to ruin their new friendship.
Student of the Year is a 2012 Indian romantic comedy-drama film directed by Karan Johar and produced by Hiroo Yash Johar under the banner of Dharma Productions and in collaboration with Shah Rukh Khan's Red Chillies Entertainment.
 The movie features newcomers Sidharth Malhotra, Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt in the lead roles with Rishi Kapoor, Sana Saeed, Ronit Roy, Sahil Anand, Ram Kapoor and Farida Jalal in supporting roles.
 The movie also features Boman Irani, Kajol, Farah Khan and Vaibhavi Merchant in guest appearances.
 This is Karan Johar's first-and-only directorial venture without Shah Rukh Khan.
Mera Naam Joker (translation: "My Name is Joker") is a 1970 Indian Hindi drama film directed by Raj Kapoor.
 The screenplay was written by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas.
 This film was the debut of Rishi Kapoor.
 "Mera Naam Joker" is a film about a clown who must make his audience laugh at the cost of his own sorrows.
 The film is considered to be one of the lengthiest films of Indian cinema.
 After "Sangam" became a blockbuster, "Mera Naam Joker" was highly anticipated as it was under production for six years and was heavily publicized to be loosely based on Raj Kapoor's own life.
 Upon release the film turned out to be a critical and commercial disaster putting Kapoor into a financial crisis.
 The film was heavily panned for its length and plot.
 However, over the years, the film has gained a cult status and is regarded as a classic today.
 Both audience's and critics' response has turned highly favorable with the passage of time.
 An abridged version was released in the 1980s and had a highly successful run at the box office.
 Raj Kapoor termed this his favorite film and described it as having deep philosophical depth and meaning.
 The film is regarded as one of Kapoor's finest works today with film experts labeling it as a 'misunderstood masterpiece'.
Karan Kapoor (born 18 January 1962) is a former Indian film actor and model of British and Indian descent.
 He is the son of Indian Bollywood International Actor Shashi Kapoor and his India settled (late) British Actress Jennifer Kendal.
 His paternal grandfather was Prithviraj Kapoor and his paternal uncles are Raj Kapoor and Shammi Kapoor.
 His elder brother Kunal Kapoor and sister Sanjana Kapoor have also acted in some films but like him they were not very successful.
 His maternal grandparents, Geoffrey Kendal and Laura Kendal, were actors who toured India and Asia with their theatre group, Shakespeareana, performing Shakespeare and Shaw.
 The Merchant Ivory film, "Shakespeare Wallah", was loosely based on the family, which starred his father and his aunt, actress Felicity Kendal.
 Karan later moved towards photography and decided to be a part of this profession though he worked as an actor too.
