Brian Gottfried and Paul McNamee were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Gottfried with Mike Leach and McNamee with Pat Cash.
David Ferrer Ern (] ; (] ; born 2 April 1982) is a Spanish professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 26 in men's singles by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).
 A three-time Davis Cup champion with Spain, Ferrer has won tournaments at all levels (ATP 250, ATP 500, Masters 1000) except at a Grand Slam, and currently has the 7th highest career prize money earnings of all time.
 Ferrer also holds the distinction of winning the most matches on the ATP tour without having won a Grand Slam tournament, passing Brian Gottfried who held this record for 32 years.
Brian Gottfried and Raúl Ramirez were the defending champions but only Gottfried competed that year with Victor Amaya.
The 1980 Paris Open, also known that year as the Crocodile Open, was a Grand Prix tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts.
 It was the 12th edition of the Paris Open (later known as the Paris Masters).
 It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France from 27 October through 2 November 1980.
 Brian Gottfried won the singles title.
Brian Gottfried was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinals to Peter Fleming.
John McEnroe was the defending champion and was seeded no.1.
 He won the singles title at the 1981 Queen's Club Championships tennis tournament defeating compatriot Brian Gottfried in the final 7–6, 7–5.
The 1976 Pacific Southwest Open, also known under its sponsorship name 1976 Arco–Pacific Southwest Open, was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Pauley Pavilion in Los Angeles, California in the United States.
 The event was part of the Grand Prix tennis circuit and categorized as four-star.
 It was the 50th edition of the tournament and ran from September 20 through September 27, 1976.
 Tenth-seeded Brian Gottfried won the singles title and $20,000 first-prize money.
The Men's Doubles tournament at the 1983 Wimbledon Championships was held from August 30 to September 11, 1983, on the outdoor grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in the Wimbledon district of London, England.
 Peter McNamara and Paul McNamee were the defending champions.
 Peter McNamara did not compete this year while McNamee partnered with Brian Gottfried, losing in the quarterfinals to Anders Jarryd and Hans Simonsson.
 Peter Fleming and John McEnroe won the title, defeating Tim Gullikson and Tom Gullikson in the final.
Scheer was an alternative metal band from County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
 It was first founded by PJ 'Doc' Doherty and Paddy Leyden however PJ after their first release, replaced by the band's then manager Peter Fleming.
 The composition of the band was; Peter Fleming (Bass guitar), Paddy Leyden (Rhythm guitar), Audrey Gallagher (vocals), Neal Calderwood, (Lead guitar) and Joe Bates (drummer).
The 1974 Paris Open, also known as the Jean Becker Open for sponsorship reasons, was a men's Grand Prix tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts.
 It was the 6th edition of the Paris Open (later known as the Paris Masters).
 It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France from 28 October through 3 November 1974.
 Brian Gottfried won the singles title.
