The Norman Lindsay Gallery and Museum is based in Faulconbridge in the Blue Mountains, Australia.
 The property is a stone cottage on a 17 ha block of land known as Springwood which was originally owned by the Australian artist and writer Norman Lindsay.
 The property also contains some smaller buildings including two used as an oil painting studio and an etching studio.
The Division of Lindsay is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales.
 The division is named after Sir Norman Lindsay, the prominent Australian artist, writer and sculptor.
 The division was proclaimed at the redistribution of 11 October 1984 and was first contested at the 1984 federal election.
Jack Lindsay (20 October 1900 – 8 March 1990) was an Australian-born writer, who from 1926 lived in the United Kingdom, initially in Essex.
 He was born in Melbourne, but spent his formative years in Brisbane.
 He was the eldest son of Norman Lindsay and brother of author Philip Lindsay.
Philip Lindsay (1906–1958) was an Australian writer, who mostly wrote historical novels.
 He was the son of Norman Lindsay, an Australian artist and a younger brother of writer Jack Lindsay.
 He was educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School in Brisbane, and emigrated to England in 1929.
 Most of his novels were written whilst he lived in England.
 His daughter Cressida also became a novelist.
Percival (Percy) Charles Lindsay (17 September 1870 – 21 September 1952) was an Australian landscape painter, illustrator and cartoonist, born in Creswick, Victoria.
 Percy was the first child born to Jane Lindsay (née Williams) and Dr Robert Charles Lindsay.
 His siblings included the well-known artists: Sir Lionel Lindsay, Norman Lindsay, Ruby Lindsay and Sir Daryl Lindsay.
Halfway to Nowhere is a 1972 Australian TV play based on the novel by Norman Lindsay.
 It was part of a series of Lindsay adaptations on the ABC.
Ruby Lindsay (20 March 1885 – 12 March 1919) was an Australian illustrator and painter, sister of Norman Lindsay and Percy Lindsay.
A Curate in Bohemia is a 1972 Australian TV play based on a 1913 novel by Norman Lindsay.
 It was one of a series of adaptations of Lindsay works on the ABC in 1972.
"Two Kinds" is a short story from the book "The Joy Luck Club" by Amy Tan.
 It was first published in 1989.
 The short story outlines the main character Jing-mei Woo’s childhood and the effects of her mother’s high expectations for her life.
 It is clear that some of the events in the short story reflect events that happened in the author’s life.
 For example, the main character's mother left China, leaving behind her family and children.
 The same is true with Amy Tan's mother.
 In 1993, a movie based on the book was made.
Age of Consent (also known as Norman Lindsay's Age of Consent) is a 1969 Australian film which was the penultimate feature film directed by British director Michael Powell.
 The romantic comedy-drama stars James Mason (co-producer with Powell), Helen Mirren in her first major film role, and Irish character actor Jack MacGowran and features actress Neva Carr Glyn.
 The screenplay by Peter Yeldham was adapted from the 1935 semi-autobiographical novel of the same name by Norman Lindsay, who died the year this film was released.
 Lindsay is also portrayed (in this case, by name) in the 1994 film "Sirens", starring Hugh Grant, Sam Neill, and Elle Macpherson.
