The Tour de Capo di Feno (Corsican: "Torra di Capu di Fenu" ) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Ajaccio on the west coast of Corsica.
 The ruined tower sits at a height of 68 m above the sea on the Capo di Feno headland.
 Only part of the tower survives.
The Tower of Isuledda (Corsican: "Torra di l'Isuledda" ) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Pietrosella (Corse-du-Sud) on the Corsica.
 The tower sits at an elevation of 68 m on a promontory, the Punta di Sette Nave, which forms the southern limit of the Gulf of Ajaccio.
The Tower of Fautea (Corsican: "Torra di Fautea" ) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Zonza (Corse-du-Sud) on the east coast of the French island of Corsica.
 The tower sits at an elevation of 32 m on the Punta di Fautea.
The Tower of Senetosa (Corsican: "Torra di Senetosa" ) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Sartène (Corse-du-Sud) on the west coast of the Corsica.
 The tower sits at an elevation of 129 m on the Capu di Senetosa headland.
The Tower of Capu di Muru (Corsican: "Torra di Capu di Muru" ) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Coti-Chiavari (Corse-du-Sud) on the west coast of the Corsica.
 The tower sits at an elevation of 100 m on the Capu di Muru headland.
The Tour de Capigliolo (Corsican: "Torra di Capigliolu" ) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Casaglione (Corse-du-Sud) on the west coast of the French island of Corsica.
 The tower sits at a height of 91 m on the Punta Capigliolo headland to the north of the Golfu di a Liscia.
The Tower of Roccapina (Corsican: "Torra di Roccapina" ) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Sartène (Corse-du-Sud) on the southwest coast of the Corsica.
 The tower sits at an elevation of 100 m on the Cappu di Roccapina headland.
The Tower of Tizzà (Corsican: "Torra di Tizzà" ) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Sartène on the west coast of the Corsica.
 The tower was one of a series of coastal defences constructed by the Republic of Genoa between 1530 and 1620 to stem the attacks by Barbary pirates.
The Tower of Isula di Gargali (Corsican: "Torra di l'Isula di Gargali" ) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Osani on the eponymous islet off the west coast of the Corsica.
 The rocky islet lies within the Scandola Nature Reserve.
The Tower of Sant'Amanza (Corsican: "Torra di Sant'Amanza" ) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Bonifacio on the south east coast of the Corsica.
 The tower sits at a height of 125 m on the Punta di u Capicciolu headland.
 Only the round base survives.
