Research comprises "creative work undertaken on a systematic basis to increase the stock of knowledge, including knowledge of humans, culture and society, and the use of this stock of knowledge to devise new applications."
 It is used to establish or confirm facts, reaffirm the results of previous work, solve new or existing problems, support theorems, or develop new theories.
 A research project may also be an expansion on past work in the field.
 Research projects can be used to develop further knowledge on a topic, or in the example of a school research project, they can be used to further a student's research prowess to prepare them for future jobs or reports.
 To test the validity of instruments, procedures, or experiments, research may replicate elements of prior projects or the project as a whole.
 The primary purposes of basic research (as opposed to applied research) are documentation, discovery, interpretation, or the research and development (R&D) of methods and systems for the advancement of human knowledge.
 Approaches to research depend on epistemologies, which vary considerably both within and between humanities and sciences.
 There are several forms of research: scientific, humanities, artistic, economic, social, business, marketing, practitioner research, life, technological, etc.
The Creation Research Society (CRS) is a Christian research group that engages in creation science.
 The organization has produced various publications, including a journal and a creation-based biology textbook.
 During the first few years of its existence, different beliefs about Creationism and disagreement over its statement of beliefs resulted in various members of the board and voting members being forced out of the organization.
The Institute for Creation Research (ICR) is a Creationist apologetics institute in Dallas, Texas that specializes in media promotion of pseudoscientific creation science and interpretation of the Genesis creation narrative as a historical event.
 The ICR adopts the Bible as an inerrant and literal documentary of scientific and historical fact as well as religious and moral truths, and espouses a Young Earth creationist worldview.
 It rejects evolutionary biology, which it views as a corrupting moral and social influence and threat to religious belief.
 The ICR was formed by Henry M. Morris in 1972 following an organizational split with the Creation Science Research Center (CSRC).
The RATE project (Radioisotopes and the Age of The Earth) was a research project conducted by the Creation Research Society and the Institute for Creation Research between 1997 and 2005 to assess the validity of radiometric dating and other dating techniques in the light of the doctrine of a recent creation.
 It was funded by $250,000 from the Institute for Creation Research and over $1 million in donations.
 The RATE team was chaired by Larry Vardiman (meteorology) and included Steven A. Austin (soft rock geology), John Baumgardner (geophysics), Steven W. Boyd (Hebrew), Eugene F. Chaffin (physics), Donald B. DeYoung (physics), Russell Humphreys (physics) and Andrew Snelling (hard rock geology).
Kevin R. Henke is an American geochemist and former instructor at the University of Kentucky's department of Geology.
 He currently works as a senior research scientist at the University of Kentucky's Center for Applied Energy Research.
 He is well known for his criticism of young earth creationism and the scientific arguments they make for a young earth.
 In particular, he has been critical of the RATE project's results, which claim to show that zircons contain too much helium to be billions of years old, and has argued that Russell Humphreys, a young-earth creationist who was involved in the project, has made errors in his research.
 These flaws include that, according to Henke, "The vast majority of Humphreys et al.'s critical a, b, and Q/Q0 values that are used in these "dating" equations are either missing, poorly defined, improperly measured or inaccurate."
 Henke has also accused Humphreys of misidentifying his specimens, fudging his data, and not considering the possibility of helium contamination in this research.
 He has also criticized John Woodmorappe for arguing that radiometric dating is unreliable.
 On one occasion, Henke called Kent Hovind on the phone regarding Hovind's $250,000 challenge to "prove" evolution.
 Hovind told Henke that in order to win the money he would have to recreate the Big Bang in a laboratory.
 Henke responded by proposing several alternative "proofs" that pertained to geology (his field of expertise), but Hovind refused, saying that the project must be chosen by him and it must not pertain to the area in which Henke has scientific expertise.
 Hovind therefore required Henke to prove that dogs and bananas had a common ancestor, and lowered the award to only $2,000 should he succeed.
 Henke accepted the challenge, and later drafted a contract, which was then posted on Talk.origins.
 However, one of Henke's requirements was that the judges be unbiased, and Hovind rejected the challenge for this reason, insisting that he should be the only one who can choose the judges.
Henry Madison Morris (October 6, 1918 – February 25, 2006) was an American young Earth creationist, Christian apologist, and engineer.
 He was one of the founders of the Creation Research Society and the Institute for Creation Research.
 He is considered by many to be "the father of modern creation science."
 He is widely known for coauthoring "The Genesis Flood" with John C. Whitcomb in 1961.
Frank Lewis Marsh (18 October 1899, Aledo, Illinois – 14 July 1992) was an American Seventh-day Adventist biologist, educator and young Earth creationist author.
 In 1963 he was one of the ten founding members of the Creation Research Society.
MIPS (an acronym for Microprocessor without Interlocked Pipeline Stages) was a research project conducted at Stanford University between 1981 and 1984.
 MIPS investigated a type of instruction set architecture (ISA) now called Reduced Instruction Set Computer (RISC), its implementation as a microprocessor with very large scale integration (VLSI) semiconductor technology, and the effective exploitation of RISC architectures with optimizing compilers. MIPS, together with the IBM 801 and Berkeley RISC, are the three research projects that pioneered and popularized RISC technology in the mid-1980s.
 In recognition of the impact MIPS made on computing, Hennessey was awarded the IEEE John von Neumann Medal in 2000 by the IEEE (shared with David A. Patterson), the Eckert–Mauchly Award in 2001 by the Association for Computing Machinery, and the Seymour Cray Computer Engineering Award in 2001 by the IEEE Computer Society.
The TaskForceMajella (TFM) is an industry-funded geoscientific research project conducted between the years 1998 and 2005.
 The project involved numerous universities distributed worldwide, and was sponsored by a number of international major oil companies.
 The area of research was the Majella Mountain in Central Italy, regarded as an analogue of a faulted and fractured hydrocarbon reservoir as can be found in major provinces like the Middle East, Caspian Basin, Mediterranean Basin, and other areas.
 The scope was to obtain knowledge on the relation between fracture and fault generation, and all types of geological aspects of the evolution of the geological structure
Hendren et al. v. Campbell et al. was a 1977 ruling by an Indiana state superior court that the young-earth creationist textbook could not be used in Indiana public schools.
 Jon Hendren, a ninth-grade student in the West Clark Community Schools, sued when the district picked "Biology: A Search For Order In Complexity", published by the Creation Research Society and promoted through the Institute for Creation Research, as the sole biology textbook.
