Avram Noam Chomsky ( ; born December 7, 1928) is an American linguist, philosopher, cognitive scientist, historian, social critic, and political activist.
 Sometimes described as "the father of modern linguistics," Chomsky is also a major figure in analytic philosophy and one of the founders of the field of cognitive science.
 He is the author of over 100 books on topics such as linguistics, war, politics, and mass media.
 Ideologically, he aligns with anarcho-syndicalism and libertarian socialism.
 He holds a joint appointment as Institute Professor Emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and laureate professor at the University of Arizona.
They Burn the Thistles – Ince Memed II (Turkish: "İnce Memed -means; Memed the Thin-" ) is a 1969 novel by Yaşar Kemal.
 It was Kemal's second novel in his İnce Memed tetralogy.
"Objectivity and Liberal Scholarship" is the title of an essay by the American academic Noam Chomsky.
 It was first published as part of Chomsky's "American Power and the New Mandarins".
 Parts of the essay were delivered as a lecture at New York University in March 1968, as part of Albert Schweitzer Lecture Series.
 The first third of the essay, "The Menace of Liberal Scholarship" by Noam Chomsky in "The New York Review of Books", January 2, 1969, was taken "almost verbatim" from this essay.
Noam Chomsky is an intellectual, political activist, and critic of the foreign policy of the United States and other governments.
 Noam Chomsky describes himself as a libertarian socialist, a sympathizer of anarcho-syndicalism, and is considered to be a key intellectual figure within the left-wing of US politics.
Imperial Ambitions: Conversations with Noam Chomsky on the Post-9/11 World is a 2005 Metropolitan Books American Empire Project publication of interviews with American linguist and political activist Noam Chomsky conducted and edited by award-winning journalist David Barsamian of Alternative Radio.
The Sound Pattern of English (frequently referred to as SPE) is a 1968 work on phonology (a branch of linguistics) by Noam Chomsky and Morris Halle.
 It presents a view of the phonology of English, and has been very influential in both the field of phonology and in the analysis of the English language.
 Chomsky and Halle present a view of phonology as a linguistic subsystem, separate from other components of the grammar, that transforms an underlying phonemic sequence according to rules and produces as its output the phonetic form that is uttered by a speaker.
 The theory fits with the rest of Chomsky's early theories of language in the sense that it is transformational; as such it serves as a landmark in Chomsky's theories by adding a clearly articulated theory of phonology to his previous work which focused on syntax.
Yaşar Kemal (born Kemal Sadık Gökçeli; 6 October 1923 – 28 February 2015) was a Turkish writer and human rights activist of Kurdish origin.
 He was one of Turkey's leading writers.
 He received 38 awards during his lifetime and had been a candidate for the Nobel Prize in Literature on the strength of "Memed, My Hawk".
Memed, My Hawk (Turkish: "İnce Memed, meaning "Memed, the Slim"" ) is a 1955 novel by Yaşar Kemal.
 It was Kemal's debut novel and is the first novel in his İnce Memed tetralogy.
 The novel won the Varlik prize for that year (Turkey's highest literary prize) and earned Kemal a national reputation.
 In 1961, the book was translated into English by Edouard Roditi, thus gaining Kemal his first exposure to English-speaking readers.
Teneke (English: The Drumming-Out ) is a novel by the Turkish author of Kurdish origin Yaşar Kemal, appeared in 1955 by Varlık Yayınları after its first publication in 1954 as an episode in the newspaper "Cumhuriyet".
 It is Kemal's second novel.
 Teneke reached its 23rd edition, published 2004 by Yapı Kredi Yayınları.
Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the Media is a 1992 documentary film that explores the political life and ideas of linguist, intellectual, and political activist Noam Chomsky.
 Canadian filmmakers Mark Achbar and Peter Wintonick expand the analysis of political economy and mass media presented in "Manufacturing Consent", a 1988 book Chomsky coauthored with Edward S. Herman.
