The MGM Grand Las Vegas (formerly Marina and MGM-Marina) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 The MGM Grand is the largest single hotel in the United States with 5,124 rooms.
 It is also the third-largest hotel complex in the world by number of rooms and second-largest hotel resort complex in the United States behind the combined The Venetian and The Palazzo.
 When it opened in 1993, the MGM Grand was the largest hotel complex in the world.
Kerkor "Kirk" Kerkorian (June 6, 1917 – June 15, 2015) was an Armenian-American businessman, investor, and philanthropist.
 He was the president and CEO of Tracinda Corporation, his private holding company based in Beverly Hills, California.
 Kerkorian is known for having been one of the important figures in the shaping of Las Vegas and, with architect Martin Stern, Jr. described as the "father of the mega-resort".
 He built the world's largest hotel in Las Vegas three times: the International Hotel (opened in 1969), the MGM Grand Hotel (1973) and the MGM Grand (1993).
 He purchased the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movie studio in 1969.
The MGM Grand fire occurred on November 21, 1980 at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino (now Bally's Las Vegas) in Paradise, Nevada, USA.
 The fire killed 85 people, most through smoke inhalation.
 The tragedy remains the worst disaster in Nevada history, and the third-worst hotel fire in modern U.S. history, after the 1946 Winecoff Hotel fire in Atlanta that killed 119 people and the Dupont Plaza Hotel, San Juan, Puerto Rico fire on December 31, 1986, in which 97 perished.
The Izmailovo Hotel is a four-building hotel located in Izmaylovo District of Moscow, Russia.
 Its 3,500-person capacity, with 2,000 rooms, made it the world's largest hotel from 1980, when it surpassed the 3200-room Rossiya Hotel, also in Moscow, until 1993, when the MGM Grand Las Vegas was expanded to 5009 rooms.
The Winecoff Hotel fire of December 7, 1946, was the deadliest hotel fire in United States history, killing 119 hotel occupants, including the hotel's owners.
 Located at 176 Peachtree Street in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, United States, the Winecoff Hotel was advertised as "absolutely fireproof".
 While the hotel's steel structure was indeed protected against the effects of fire, the hotel's interior finishes were combustible, and the building's exit arrangements consisted of a single stairway serving all fifteen floors.
 All of the hotel's occupants above the fire's origin on the third floor were trapped, and the fire's survivors either were rescued from upper-story windows or jumped into nets held by firemen.
 The fire was notable for the number of victims who jumped to their deaths.
 A photograph of one survivor's fall won the 1947 Pulitzer Prize for Photography.
 The fire – which followed the June 5, 1946, La Salle Hotel fire in Chicago (with 61 fatalities), and the June 19, 1946, Canfield Hotel fire in Dubuque, Iowa (with 19 fatalities) – spurred significant changes in North American building codes, most significantly requiring multiple protected means of egress and self-closing fire-resistive doors for guest rooms in hotels.
The MGM Grand Garden Arena (originally known as the MGM Grand Garden Special Events Center) is a multi-purpose arena located within the MGM Grand Las Vegas on the Las Vegas Strip.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Canelo Álvarez, billed as "The One", was a boxing light middleweight championship superfight.
 The bout was held on September 14, 2013, in the MGM Grand Garden Arena, at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, on Showtime PPV.
 Mayweather received $41.5 million for this fight before taking into account pay-per-view sales.
Corey Sanders has served as Chief Operating Officer of MGM Resorts International since June 2010.
 He oversees operations at the Company’s wholly owned properties, which in Nevada include Bellagio (resort), MGM Grand Las Vegas, Mandalay Bay, The Mirage, New York-New York Hotel and Casino, Monte Carlo Resort and Casino, Luxor Las Vegas, Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Circus Circus Las Vegas, Circus Circus Reno, Gold Strike Jean and Railroad Pass Casino.
 He also oversees Beau Rivage (Mississippi) in Biloxi and Gold Strike Tunica, both in Mississippi, as well as MGM Grand Detroit.
MGM Grand Adventures Theme Park was a theme park adjacent to the MGM Grand hotel and casino in Paradise, Nevada, United States.
 It operated from 1993 to 2002.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Robert Guerrero, billed as May Day, was a boxing welterweight championship superfight for Mayweather's World Boxing Council (WBC) Welterweight title and vacant "Ring" Welterweight title.
 The bout was held on May 4, 2013, in the MGM Grand Garden Arena at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States on Showtime PPV.
 The bout was the first major televised fight of Mayweather's career to not be aired on HBO PPV.
 The card featured some of the rising stars of Mayweather Promotions: J'Leon Love, Badou Jack, Luis Arias, Ronald Gavril and Lanell Bellows.
 Mayweather won via unanimous decision with Guerrero winning the first 3 rounds, then Mayweather adjusted and won from the 4th to 12th round.
