Living Eyes was the second studio album released by Sydney, Australia punk-rock band Radio Birdman.
 It was the last recorded album by the band as they split up shortly after it was recorded in 1978.
 The album was recorded over a three-week period at the Rockfield Studios in Wales whilst the band was on its first overseas tour, supporting the Flamin' Groovies around Britain and Europe.
 The original master tapes disappeared before the album was released and as a result the album was mastered from a cassette recording of trial mixes, which impacted on the sound quality.
 "Living Eyes" sound was heavily influenced by the lead guitarist and producer Deniz Tek who had lived in Detroit before moving to Australia and been influenced musically by the "Motor City Rock" sound.
 The music of Birdman has been compared to that of The Stooges and MC5, but their sound is also comparable to that of 60's rock 'n' roll bands such as The Rolling Stones.
"Free Language Demons / Up On the Roof" is a split EP between Kansas City, Missouri emo band The Get Up Kids and the San Diego, California punk outfit Rocket From the Crypt.
 The album was released on colored vinyl in 2000 on Vagrant Records.
 There were seven different pressings of the album, with each pressing on different colored vinyl.
 Each song was recorded separately; "Up On The Roof" was recorded at West Beach Recorders in the summer of 1999 while the band was recording their second full-length album Something to Write Home About.
 "Free Language Demons" was recorded at Big Fish Studios in San Diego, during the recording session for the band's Vagrant Records debut, Group Sounds.
Taguig Renegade DLC (TR) was founded on 1998 in Tenement Elementary School - Annex (currently Kapitan Eddie T. Reyes Integrated School) in Barangay Pinagsama Village, Taguig City, Philippines.
 The corps was founded by Benedict Gualvez, a grade school teacher from the same school, and was handled by Noel Dela Cruz when Benedict Gualvez suffered an unexplained death during sleep (heart attack or stroke).
 Noel Dela Cruz led the corps for about a month and then decided to pass on the responsibility as Band Master to his cousin Joseph Querubin (also the Band Master of Maybunga Drum and Lyre Corps in Barangay Maybunga, Pasig City) because of plans to work abroad.
The Vitamen were an unsigned three-piece pop rock band from New York City.
 The band's three members were frontman Jesse Blockton, bassist Matt Hyans, and drummer Dave Rozner, all of whom attended the same high school in Mamaroneck, New York.
 Their debut album, "Fun", was released in 2002.
 It was recorded on a four-track machine and, according to Hyams, contains funnier songs than do the band's later albums.
 The band released their second album, "Mujer", in 2003; it was recorded on an eight-track.
 In December 2004, the band released their third album, "Children of the Bear".
 It was recorded in a house in Cape Cod with the band's producer, Bo Boddie.
Go is the fifth studio album by American rock band Motion City Soundtrack.
 Produced by Ed Ackerson and the band themselves, the album was released on June 12, 2012, in the United States by Epitaph Records and the band's own label, The Boombox Generation.
 Previously, the group had released their major-label debut, "My Dinosaur Life" (2010) on Columbia; the band parted ways with the label due to the record's lackluster commercial response.
 Following this, the band returned to their home of Minneapolis, Minnesota, with producer and longtime friend Ed Ackerson.
 The band entered a local studio and recorded their next effort on their own time and finances.
 The band recorded "Go" without a label, and put it upon themselves to pay for mixing and mastering and have conversations with distributors later.
Jimmy Bosch (born c. 1960), also known as "El Trombon Criollo", is a jazz and Salsa Music trombonist composer and bandleader of Puerto Rican descent born in Jersey City, New Jersey.
 Having performed since age eleven, by age thirteen he was playing in several local Latin music bands, "La Caliente", "Arco Iris", "La Sonica."
 While at Rutgers University studying classical music at age eighteen, he met Manny Oquendo and joined his band.
 He worked with Manny Oquendo on and off for over 20 years.
 Jimmy worked with Ray Barretto from the early 80's to early 90's.
 In 1996 he founded his own band "La Orquesta Jimmy Bosch", and has recorded four albums as a solo artist.
 Jimmy began working with Israel Cacaho in 1987, recorded and toured with Cachao also for over 20 years.
 Having recorded on over 100 recordings, Jimmy has toured with FANIA, Eddie Palmieri, Ruben Blades, Tipica Novel, Combinacion Perfecta, Pete El Conde Rodriguez, and so many more on a global level.
 Jimmy continues to tour as a solo artist and band leader imparting his years of experience with musicians all over the world.
 "La Orquesta Jimmy Bosch" and Jimmy Bosch y su Sexteto de Otro Mundo" continues to tour globally.
"Good Times" is a song recorded by American rock band All Time Low for their seventh studio album, "Last Young Renegade" (2017).
 Lead singer Alex Gaskarth co-wrote the song with its producers, Andrew Goldstein and Dan Book.
 The song was first released to digital retailers on May 31, 2017 as the fourth and final promotional track before the album's release.
 "Good Times" was serviced to American adult radio on June 26, 2017 through Fueled by Ramen as the second official single from "Last Young Renegade".
Gnosis is the fourth album of the British progressive rock band, Gnidrolog.
 The album's title, "Gnosis", means divine or spiritual knowledge and understanding.
 It is their third studio album and the first to be recorded in 27 years.
 The album was mostly recorded at Select Sound Studios, Cairns, Australia, where it was engineered and produced by Nigel Pegrum.
 "Repent Harlequin", "Two Helens" and the title track were all recorded at Music City Studios, London, engineered by Joe Suarez and produced by Nessa Glen, in courtesy of Sarastro Music.
 The album was mostly published by Kempyre Music, except "Two Helens", which was published by Sarastro Music.
 Chris Copping of Procol Harum played his Hammond B3 Organ for a couple of tracks, which were recorded in Woodstock Studios, Melbourne and engineered by Tim Dudfield.
 Post production is credited to David J Burrows and Stewart Goldring.
 The album was mastered by David J Burrows at Disques rue Bis.
 The album is noted to be eclectic not only for its transcontinental recording but also for the use of traditional instruments such as the Australian aboriginal, didgeridoos.
 The album marks the band's comeback which has also prompted the release of the Live 1972 album.
 The album was essentially a cooperation between the 1970s old Gnidrolog members to release the Goldring brothers' original material with the addition of Rick Kemp of Steeleye Span and Nessa Glen.
Willie Thomas Phelps (Chesapeake City, Sept. 5 1914- March 1, 2004) was an American songwriter and country and western guitarist.
 He performed with his brothers Norman and Earl as the Phelps Brothers.
 His songs were recorded by country artists such as Jim Reeves, and once by Elvis Presley.
 Phelps' songs featured in cowboy films in the 1930s; the three brothers had a screen appearance as Ray Whitley's cowboy band in "Hittin' the Trail" 1937, and Phelps' "Move Slow, Little Dogie" featured in the film "The Renegade Ranger" 1938.
"Renegade" is a 1979 hit song recorded by the American rock band Styx.
 It was on their "Pieces of Eight" album.
 It reached #16 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the spring of 1979.
