G&G Entertainment (Korean: (주)지앤지엔터테인먼트 )is a South Korean/Japanese animation studio which creates animation for the domestic South Korean and Japanese anime markets.
 The main studio, which is credited as G&G Entertainment, is located in South Korea, while the Japanese subsidiary studio, which is credited as G&G Direction, assists the main studio and aids in getting outsource work from other Japanese studios.
 G&G Entertainment is known for its collaboration with the Japanese animation studio Gonzo, with which they have produced their most successful series to date, Kaleido Star.
 Increasingly, the studio is also seeking collaborations with Chinese studios, particularly for the creation of computer animation productions.
Melnitsa Animation Studio (Russian: Студия анимационного кино «Мельница» , "melnitsa" meaning "windmill") is one of the largest animation studios in Russia.
 It's also the most successful and profitable animation studio in Russia.
 Deutsche Welle called the studio the Walt Disney of Saint Petersburg.
 Alongside its animation projects, Melnitsa has an effort devoted to creating digital special effects for both animation projects and live-action films.
John Lemmon Films is a traditional character animation studio based in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States, and is listed among five “prominent animation houses”.
 The company was founded in 1984 by John Lemmon and Mike Rosinski.
 Initially the animation studio worked exclusively in clay animation, but has since diversified into stop-motion, 2D animation and Flash animation, as well as web game design.
 The company has produced clay animated TV commercials for clients including: Disney, Cartoon Network and Dairy Queen.
 The studio has created clay-animated versions of well-known products, including the Coleman lantern, and has produced clay animated spots for Tandy Corporation’s chain of stores called McDuff Electronics and for Cedar Point.
Konstantin Eduardovich Bronzit (born April 12, 1965) is a Russian animator and animation film director and nominated twice for Oscars.
 He currently works at one of the largest Russian animation studio - Melnitsa Animation Studio.
P.A.Works Corporation (株式会社ピーエーワークス , Kabushiki-gaisha Pī Ē Wākusu , short for Progressive Animation Works) is a Japanese animation studio established on November 10, 2000 and is located in Nanto, Toyama, Japan.
 The company's president and founder Kenji Horikawa once worked for Tatsunoko Production, Production I.G, and Bee Train before forming P.A.Works in 2000.
 The main office is located in Toyama, Japan, which is where the drawing and digital photography take place, and production and direction takes place in their Tokyo office.
 The company is also involved with animation in video games, as well as collaborating in the past with Production I.G and Bee Train to create anime.
 In January 2008, P.A.Works produced "True Tears", their first anime series as the main animation studio involved in the production process.
Bill Schultz (born June 11, 1960) is an animation producer.
 He was born in New York City and grew up in River Forest, a suburb near Chicago, Illinois, moving to Los Angeles after graduating from the University of Illinois Champaign - Urbana Campus.
 He has worked on television shows such as "Jim Henson's Muppet Babies", "The Transformers", and produced others, notably "The Simpsons", "King of the Hill" and now the founder and CEO of Home Plate Entertainment, the Animation Studio behind Rob Dyrdek's Wild Grinders (launched on Nicktoons in the US in September 2011).
 Schultz started Home Plate Entertainment in 2010, after stepping down from his 12 year partnership with Moonscoop LLC (f/k/a Mike Young Productions (MYP) and Taffy entertainment, the US based arm of French animation studio Moonscoop SAS.
Barry R. Kooser is an American artist, painter, and documentary filmmaker who worked at Walt Disney Feature Animation Studios between 1992 and 2003 as a background artist on films such as "The Lion King", "Pocahontas", "Mulan", "Lilo & Stitch", and as background supervisor on "Brother Bear".
 After leaving Disney, he worked independently as a painter exhibiting and selling fine art in galleries around the US.
 While teaching animation and story-boarding at Rocky Mountain College of Art + Design, he met Worker Studio founder Michael "Ffish" Hemschoot, and became a partner at the Colorado animation studio.
 Barry has since left Worker Studio.
 He is the Founder, Executive Producer and Director at Many Hoops Productions.
PAJ animation studio is a persian animation film studio based in IRAN.
 The studio produced several short films, television commercials, and one feature film.
 It was founded on 30 October 2007.
 PAJ animation studio produced a mini series called the hidden lives in 2017 .
Jesper Moller (Danish: "Møller") is a Danish Animator, Screenwriter and Movie-director.
 Since beginning his career in animation and the movies in the late 1980s, Jesper Moller has participated in creating a vast number of Danish, European and American animated feature films (see below).
 After initially working as character animator at Sullivan Bluth Studios under the direction of animation legend Don Bluth, he joined Danish animation studio A. Film A/S in Copenhagen, Denmark.
 Amassing credits as directing animator, storyboard artist and character designer, he went on to become a central key in establishing A. Film A/S as Europe’s leading feature animation studio and a household name at the majors in the US.
 After a period as the creative head of Feature Animation, also acting as sequence director on several films, he went on to co-direct (with Stefan Fjeldmark) the 2006 cinema hit Asterix and the Vikings, based on R. Goscinny and A. Uderzo's legendary comic book.
DR Movie is a Korean animation studio that was established in Seoul in 1990 and frequently works with Japanese companies on anime titles.
 Since 1991, the studio has been in an exclusive partnership with the Japanese animation studio Madhouse, and in 2001, Madhouse became a partial owner/investor.
 In 2006, Madhouse's parent company Index Holdings invested 600 million yen.
 DR Movie has been responsible for the animation production end of several Madhouse anime, starting with "Tenjho Tenge" in 2004 and continuing notably with "Claymore" in 2007.
 DR Movie has also been looking to make partnerships with Chinese animation companies for future productions, and as of March 2007 entered into a joint venture studio in Qingdao, China.
