Grant Duff Douglas Ainslie (1865–27 March 1948) was a Scottish poet, translator, critic and diplomat.
 He was born in Paris, France, and educated at Eton College and at Balliol and Exeter Colleges, Oxford.
 A contributor to the Yellow Book, he met and befriended Oscar Wilde at age twenty-one while an undergraduate at Oxford.
 He was also associated with other such notable figures as Aubrey Beardsley, Walter Pater and Marcel Proust.
 The first translator of the Italian philosopher Benedetto Croce into English, he also lectured on Hegel.
 He was identified as the "Dear Ainslie" recipient of twelve letters written by Arthur Conan Doyle in 1895 - 1896, which were auctioned by Christie's in 2004.
 (http://www.bestofsherlock.com/ref/200405christies_lots.htm) See "The Identification of Ainslie" by Al Dawson in "The Magic Door", v. 14, no. 2 (Summer 2012), pp. 1,6,7 - a publication of The Friends of the Arthur Conan Doyle Collection, Toronto Public Libraries.
Adrian Malcolm Conan Doyle (19 November 19103 June 1970) was the youngest son of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and his second wife Jean, Lady Doyle or Lady Conan Doyle.
 He had two siblings, sister Jean and brother Denis, as well as two half-siblings, sister Mary and brother Kingsley.
"The Red-Headed League" is one of the 56 Sherlock Holmes short stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 It first appeared in "The Strand Magazine" in August 1891, with illustrations by Sidney Paget.
 Conan Doyle ranked "The Red-Headed League" second in his list of his twelve favourite Holmes stories.
 It is also the second of the twelve stories in "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes", which was published in 1892.
The Return of Sherlock Holmes is a 1929 American Pre-Code mystery film directed by Basil Dean and written by Arthur Conan Doyle, Basil Dean and Garrett Fort.
 The film shares its title with the third volume of the Sherlock Holmes stories, "The Return of Sherlock Holmes" by Arthur Conan Doyle.
 The film stars Clive Brook, H. Reeves-Smith, Betty Lawford, Charles Hay and Phillips Holmes.
 The film was released October 29, 1929, by Paramount Pictures.
 A copy is held at the Library of Congress.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes, also known simply as Sherlock Holmes, is a British-American 2010 steampunk mystery film directed by Rachel Lee Goldenberg and produced by independent American film studio The Asylum.
 It features the Sherlock Holmes characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, though it follows an original plot.
 The film details an unrecorded case in which eccentric detective Holmes and his companion Dr. Watson investigate a series of unusual monster attacks and a plot to destroy London.
 Gareth David-Lloyd plays Dr. John Watson and Ben Syder, making his film debut, plays Sherlock Holmes.
Dead Man's Land is a book by Robert Ryan, based in World War I.
 It involves Sherlock Holmes' sidekick, Dr. Watson (created by Arthur Conan Doyle).
 It is fully authorized by Conan Doyle Estate Ltd. "Dead Man' Land" has been written under license from the Sir Arthur Conan Doyle literary Estate
"The Adventure of the Empty House", one of the 56 Sherlock Holmes short stories written by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, is one of 13 stories in the cycle collected as "The Return of Sherlock Holmes".
 Public pressure forced Conan Doyle to bring the sleuth back to life, and explain his apparently miraculous survival of a deadly struggle with Professor Moriarty.
 Doyle ranked "The Adventure of the Empty House" sixth in his list of his twelve favorite Holmes stories.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's The Lost World is a syndicated television series loosely based on the 1912 novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "The Lost World".
 The show premiered in the United States in the fall of 1999 (after the TV-movie/pilot aired in February on DirecTV and then on the cable television channel TNT in April), it ran for three seasons before it was cancelled on a cliffhanger in 2002 after funding for a fourth season fell through.
 To this day, the cliffhanger remains unresolved.
 All three seasons were released in DVD box sets in 2004.
Sherlock Holmes is a 1916 American silent film starring William Gillette as Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes.
 The film, which was directed by Arthur Berthelet, was produced by Essanay Studios in Chicago.
 It was adapted from the 1899 stage play of the same name, which was based on the stories, "A Scandal in Bohemia," "The Final Problem," and "A Study in Scarlet" by Arthur Conan Doyle.
Der Hund von Baskerville is a 1914 German silent film adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle's "The Hound of the Baskervilles".
 This was the first film adaptation of the famed Conan Doyle novel.
 According to the website silentera.com, the film was considered lost, but has been rediscovered; the Russian Gosfilmofond film archive possesses a print, while the Filmmuseum München has a 35mm positive print.
