The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is an annual fashion show sponsored by Victoria's Secret, a brand of lingerie and sleepwear.
 Victoria's Secret uses the show to promote and market its goods in high-profile settings.
 The show features some of the world's leading fashion models, such as current Victoria's Secret Angels Adriana Lima, Alessandra Ambrosio, Lily Aldridge, Elsa Hosk, Sara Sampaio, Taylor Hill, Stella Maxwell, Jasmine Tookes, Lais Ribeiro, Romee Strijd, Josephine Skriver and Martha Hunt.
 Behati Prinsloo and Candice Swanepoel both missed this year's show due to their pregnancies.
 The show also featured PINK spokesmodels Rachel Hilbert, Zuri Tibby and Grace Elizabeth.
Irmãos Coragem(Brothers Courage) is a Brazilian soap opera produced and shown since 2 January 1º of July 1995 to the 18 hours in 155 chapters.
 Adaptation of Dias Gomes and Marcílio Moraes, with the contribution of Ferreira Gullar and Lilian Garcia, direction of Luiz Fernando Carvalho, substituted for Reynaldo Boury and Carlos Araújo (from chapter 80) and artistic direction of Pablo Ubiratan.
 Remake of the original novel of Janete Clair shown in 1970 to 20h.
Ilanit Hila Elmalich (Hebrew: הילה אילנית אלמליח‎ ‎ ; 14 November 1973 – 14 November 2007) was an Israeli fashion model who died of anorexia in 2007.
 Represented by the Israeli branch of the Elite Model Management modeling agency, she was once a famous fashion model in the country.
The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is an annual show sponsored by and featuring Victoria's Secret, a brand of lingerie and sleepwear.
 Victoria's Secret uses the show to promote and market its goods in high-profile settings.
 The show features some of the world's leading fashion models such as current Victoria's Secret Angels Adriana Lima, Alessandra Ambrosio, Behati Prinsloo, Candice Swanepoel, Lily Aldridge, Elsa Hosk, Jasmine Tookes, Josephine Skriver, Lais Ribeiro, Martha Hunt, Romee Strijd, Sara Sampaio, Stella Maxwell, and Taylor Marie Hill.
Hooked is the fifth full-length studio album by the American hard rock band Great White, released in 1991.
 Though lacking a recognizable hit single and not commercially as successful as "...Twice Shy", it still managed to peak at No. 18 on the "Billboard" 200 album chart and it was critically well received.
 The album was certified Gold in April 1991.
 The original album cover art was photographed by famous fashion photographer John Scarpati and featured a nude female model being hoisted out of the sea by a large hook.
 This cover was judged too risque by the label and replaced by art director Hugh Syme shortly after the initial pressing with an alternative cover that had the hook still below the sea level and the model partially submerged, so that only her head and arms were visible.
Namthip Jongrachatawiboon (Thai: น้ำทิพย์ จงรัชตวิบูลย์ ; rtgs: Namthip Chongratchatawibun ; born November 23, 1982), or nickname Bee (Thai: บี ), is a Thai film and television actress, singer and model from Exact.
 She was introduced by Araya Indra - one of the famous fashion stylist in Thailand.
 Fashion shooting of JASPAL is her first job since she was 14,followed by a lot of fashion model job and some music videos shooting.
The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is an annual fashion show sponsored by Victoria's Secret, a brand of lingerie and sleepwear.
 Victoria's Secret uses the show to promote and market its goods in high-profile settings.
 The show features some of the world's leading fashion models, including then current Victoria's Secret Angels Adriana Lima, Alessandra Ambrosio, Candice Swanepoel, Lily Aldridge, Behati Prinsloo, Elsa Hosk, Lais Ribeiro, Sara Sampaio, Jac Jagaciak, Kate Grigorieva, Martha Hunt, Taylor Hill, Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Stella Maxwell.
Cruiserweight was an American rock band from Austin, Texas.
 The band consisted of vocalist Stella Maxwell, guitarist Urny Maxwell, bassist David Hawkins, and drummer Yogi Maxwell.
 The band's sound was defined by peppy female vocals, as well as fast, sometimes aggressive instrumentals, while still retaining a pop/punk overtone.
 The name originated from the boxing weight class of the same name.
Fallen Angel is a 2003 Hallmark Hall of Fame television film starring Gary Sinise and Joely Richardson.
 It would be rerun in December 2004 and shown since on the Feeln on-demand movie service which shows many Hallmark Hall of Fame productions.
 It is based on the novel of the same name by Don Snyder, who also wrote the teleplay.
Sanne Vloet is a Dutch model currently living in New York City.
 She is a Victoria's Secret Model, walking in the world famous fashion show for the first time in 2015.
