Low Twelve (Low 12 or ↓2) is an American Heavy Metal band from Bloomington.
 They typically play in a Thrash Metal style, and often take inspiration from historical figures and events for their music.
 The Band currently consists of Founder/Lead Singer and Bassist Pete Altieri, Drummer Travis Waterman, Les Aldridge and Jeremy Meister on Guitars.
 The band has released 3 full-length CDs("Flesh of the Weak", "Unfit for Human Occupancy", and "This Side Towards Enemy") and 2 demos, as well as being featured on many compilations and soundtracks.
 They are currently in the process of recording their highly anticipated fourth CD "Splatter Pattern".
Midnight to Midnight is the fifth studio album by the English rock band The Psychedelic Furs.
 It was originally released in early 1987, on the label Columbia.
 Richard Butler later claimed that the success of "Pretty in Pink" caused the band to be pressured into entering the recording studio to record a follow-up release before they were ready.
 The result was "Midnight to Midnight", their greatest commercial success, yet an album Richard Butler later characterized as "hollow, vapid and weak".
 A more overtly commercial effort than the Furs had ever recorded before, the album also featured the single "Heartbreak Beat", which proved to be the Furs' biggest Top 40 entry in the US at that time.
 The album also featured drummer Paul Garisto and saxophonist Mars Williams, both of whom continue to tour with the band.
“Come Clarity” is the third single by In Flames.
 It is a limited edition 7" vinyl record, that was released through Black Lodge Records under license from Nuclear Blast.
 The single only contains two tracks, “Come Clarity”, which was taken from In Flames’ eighth studio album "Come Clarity" and “Only for the Weak”, taken from "Clayman".
 A noteworthy feature of the album is its album cover which features In Flames’ symbol/mascot, the Jester Head.
 This is the first In Flames album since "Clayman" to feature the Jester Head on the front cover artwork instead of the inside artwork of the album booklet.
 The song does not feature the band’s iconic melodic death metal sound, instead it is more of a traditional heavy metal song based on their influences like Iron Maiden and Black Sabbath.
"Get Down With It" is a song by American R&B singer-songwriter Bobby Marchan, first released as the B-Side to his 1964 single "Half a Mind".
 In 1967, American singer Little Richard would record his own version, which was released as a single.
 In 1971, the British rock band Slade recorded a version of the song, "Get Down and Get with It", based on Little Richard's version, which gave the band their first UK chart hit.
Jason Keyser is a vocalist.
 Keyser joined Death metal band Skinless as their new frontman in November 2004.
 Jason has released one album with Skinless ("Trample the Weak, Hurdle the Dead", 2006) and another album with Detriment ("Plague Rituals", 2004).
 He is also currently a member of brutal death metal band Mucopus, providing the vocals on their 2007 release "Undimensional".
 Jason Keyser is the brother of Joe Keyser, who plays the bass in Skinless.
 Jason Joined Origin in 2011.
 He graduated with a degree in anthropology in upstate New York at Skidmore College in 2013.
"Weak in the Presence of Beauty" is a song written by Michael Ward and Rob Clarke.
 It was first released by their band, the British group Floy Joy, in 1986.
 The song was later covered by singer Alison Moyet in 1987 and became a hit for her.
Tony Martino is a singer-songwriter and record producer from Chicago.
 Martino is also the primary singer/songwriter and producer for his new side-project formed in 2016, The Rarest Kind, a group with a "revolving member" format in which he is the only official and permanent member.
 His songs have been featured in several television shows, including the "Ghost Whisperer" on CBS, MTV's "The Real World" and "Road Rules", and many others the Discovery Channel and Sy-Fy.
.
 He has also received critical acclaim and other mentions in major media publications and music magazines such as the Daily Herald, San Francisco Chronicle, Amplifier Magazine, and Performing Songwriter Magazine.
 Martino is also known for his upfront opinions on various music-related topics.
 He was quoted in The Wall Street Journal discussing the controversial use of Auto-Tune recording software.
 Academy Award and Emmy Award-nominated musician, Adam Schlesinger of the pop/rock band Fountains Of Wayne, also praised Martino's music in an article Schlesinger penned in The New York Times, stating, "I get handed stuff almost every day.
 I try to listen to all of it -- 99 percent is garbage.
 But every so often you get something that stands out...This is a guy with incredible potential."
The discography of the Emery, an American post-hardcore band, consists of five studio albums, four extended plays and one box set.
 The band's first extended play, "The Columbus EEP Thee", was released in 2002 and failed to rank on the national chart.
 Emery released their second extended play, "The Weak's End" EP, in 2004 to help them become noticed by record labels.
Get Your Heart On!
 is the fourth studio album by Canadian rock band Simple Plan, released on 21 June 2011.
 In some countries such as Australia and the Netherlands, the album was released on 17 June 2011. "
Can't Keep My Hands off You" was released as the first single on 31 March 2011. "
Jet Lag" was released as the record's lead single on 25 April 2011 and several music videos were released.
 On 4 May 2011 the English version was released and on 16 May 2011, the French version was released.
 On 27 December 2011, Chinese singer Kelly-Cha collaborated with Simple Plan to create a Chinese version of the song.
 Two days after, an Indonesian version was made featuring collaborations from KOTAK lead vocalist Tantri.
 The third single "Astronaut" was released on 19 September 2011 with the music video premiering the same day. "
Summer Paradise" was released as the album's fourth official single on 13 December in Australia, then worldwide on 28 February 2012, with a music video shot entirely in Australia on their Get Your Heart On!
 Tour.
 On 26 March 2013, an official music video for "This Song Saved My Life" was released on YouTube.
American band Ivy has recorded material for six studio albums, one extended play (EP), and for various compilation albums and soundtracks. Formed in 1994, the musical trio consists of Dominique Durand, Andy Chase, and Adam Schlesinger.
 After releasing the EP "Lately" with Seed Records in 1994, the band recorded their debut album, "Realistic", which was released in 1995.
 A pop album, lead single "Get Enough" was named a "Single of the Week" by British newspaper "Melody Maker".
 After a brief hiatus, the band released their second album, "Apartment Life", in 1997 after signing with Atlantic Records.
 In order to make the pop-influenced album, the group collaborated with a number of high-profile musicians, including Chris Botti, Lloyd Cole, James Iha, and Dean Wareham.
 The album was, however, a commercial disappointment for their record label, who dropped Ivy while they were touring.
 Two songs from "Apartment Life" ("I Get the Message" and "This Is the Day") received further attention after being included on the official soundtrack to the 1998 film, "There's Something About Mary".
 Ivy signed to Nettwerk to release "Long Distance" in 2000; the album incorporated music from multiple genres, such as guitar pop, trip hop, and new wave.
 The third single released, "Edge of the Ocean", became Ivy's first song to enter a musical record chart, peaking at number 160 in the United Kingdom.
 Due to its popularity, Ivy considers it to be their signature song.
