Carson Nugget is a hotel and casino located in Carson City, Nevada.
 Richard Graves opened the Carson City Nugget casino on March 1, 1954 and opened a second one in Sparks, Nevada on March 17, 1955.
 At that time the casinos were known as the Carson City Nugget and the Sparks Nugget.
 The Carson City Nugget was one of Nevada's largest and most prosperous casinos when Graves sold it to Richard E. Pogue and Chester H. Armstrong in September 1956.
 Graves kept the Sparks Nugget.
 After Pogue died, the Carson City Nugget was sold to a group of six purchasers for $525,000 in December 1958.
 The group including three Adams brothers who would manage the casino.
 The Adams family still runs the Carson Nugget.
 The casino and restaurants occupy nearly 30000 sqft and an 80-room hotel is located across North Carson Street.
Dennis Hof (born October 14, 1946) is an American brothel owner, entrepreneur, restaurateur and star of the HBO series .
 He is best known as the owner of seven legal brothels in Nevada.
 In the state of Nevada, prostitution's legality is determined on a county-by-county basis.
 Several of his brothels are in Moundhouse, Nevada, a few minutes outside Carson City.
 His best-known brothel is the Moonlite BunnyRanch.
State Route 512 (SR 512) was a state highway in Carson City, Nevada.
 It connected Kings Canyon west of Carson City to the state capitol using various city streets.
 The route dates to the mid-19th century, as part of a wagon trail linking Lake Tahoe and Carson City that was later incorporated into the Lincoln Highway.
 SR 512 was turned over to local control in 2010.
State Route 529 (SR 529) is a state highway in Carson City, Nevada, United States.
 The route follows the southern portion of "Carson Street", the principal north–south arterial through the city.
 The unsigned highway was previously signed as the mainline alignments of U.S. Route 50 and U.S. Route 395 until the completion of the Interstate 580 freeway.
 U.S. Route 395 Business (US 395 Bus.)
 follows the entirety of Carson Street, north of the US 50 / 395 split.
 The entirety of Carson Street was formerly part of an unsigned SR 529 carrying mainline US 395, prior to the formation of the Carson City Freeway.
Carson Airport (IATA: CSN, ICAO: KCXP, FAA LID: CXP) (Carson City Airport) is three miles northeast of Carson City, the capital of Nevada.
 It is operated by the Carson City Airport Authority.
 The FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013 categorized it as a "reliever airport".
Bunnyranch is a Portuguese rock'n'roll band originally from Coimbra formed by Kaló, Filipe Costa, Pedro Calhau and André Ferrão.
 After departure of Filipe Costa and André Ferrão, they were replaced by João Cardoso and Augusto Cardoso.
 The band was named after a famous American brothel called Moonlite BunnyRanch in Mound House, Nevada in the United States.
Cathouse: The Series is an HBO television series that documents the professional lives of the workers at the Moonlite BunnyRanch, a legal brothel in Nevada.
 The 11 episodes of the first season were originally broadcast in 2005; 6 episodes of the second season aired two years later.
 The series is the direct successor of the HBO documentaries "Cathouse" (2002) and "Cathouse 2: Back in the Saddle" (2003), which also focused on the Bunny Ranch.
 On New Year's Day 2008 at 12:05am, HBO aired a special episode of the series entitled "Cathouse the Musical."
 Also in 2008, two standalone episodes (not part of a full season) aired - "Cathouse: Come to the Party" and "Best of Cathouse."
The Abraham Curry House, at 406 N. Nevada St. in Carson City, Nevada, was built c. 1871.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 It is a one-story masonry building that was home for Carson City founder Abraham Curry (d. 1873), who was first Superintendent of the United States Mint in Carson City.
Carson City, officially the Consolidated Municipality of Carson City, is an independent city and the capital of the US state of Nevada, named after the mountain man Kit Carson.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 55,274.
 The majority of the population of the town lives in Eagle Valley, on the eastern edge of the Carson Range, a branch of the Sierra Nevada, about 30 mi south of Reno.
 The town originated as a stopover for California bound emigrants, but developed into a city with the Comstock Lode, a silver strike in the mountains to the northeast.
 The city has served as the capital of Nevada since statehood in 1864 and for much of its history was a hub for the Virginia and Truckee Railroad, although the tracks were removed in the 1950s.
 Prior to 1969, Carson City was the county seat of Ormsby County.
 In 1969, the county was abolished, and its territory merged with Carson City to form the Consolidated Municipality of Carson City.
 With the consolidation, the city limits today extend west across the Sierra Nevada to the California state line in the middle of Lake Tahoe.
 Like other independent cities in the United States, it is treated as a county-equivalent for census purposes.
The Moonlite BunnyRanch (often misspelled "Moonlight", though that is the correct spelling of the road on which it is addressed) is a legal, licensed brothel in Mound House, Nevada, United States, 6 mi east of Carson City.
 The ranch is owned and operated by Dennis Hof.
 The Love Ranch (previously known as the BunnyRanch Two), a separately licensed brothel, is located about a mile south of the Moonlite BunnyRanch, near two other brothels (the Kit Kat Guest Ranch and the Sagebrush Ranch).
