"Billy Boy" is a traditional folk song and nursery rhyme found in the United States.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 326.
 It is a variant of the traditional English folk song "My Boy Billy", collected by Ralph Vaughan Williams and published by him in 1912 as number 232 in "Novello's School Songs".
 The song is very popular with the Orange Order.
"Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary" is a popular English nursery rhyme.
 The rhyme has been seen as having religious and historical significance, but its origins and meaning are disputed.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19626.
"Who Killed Cock Robin" is an English nursery rhyme, which has been much used as a murder archetype in world culture.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 494.
"Solomon Grundy" is an English nursery rhyme.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19299.
"Row, Row, Row Your Boat" is an English language nursery rhyme and a popular children's song.
 It can also be an "action" nursery rhyme, whose singers sit opposite one another and "row" forwards and backwards with joined hands.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19236.
Tweedledum and Tweedledee are fictional characters in an English nursery rhyme and in Lewis Carroll's "Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There".
 Their names may have originally come from an epigram written by poet John Byrom .
 The nursery rhyme has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19800.
 The names have since become synonymous in western popular culture slang for any two people who look and act in identical ways, generally in a derogatory context.
"Hickory Dickory Dock" or "Hickety Dickety Dock" is a popular English nursery rhyme.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 6489.
"Hey Diddle Diddle" (also "Hi Diddle Diddle", "The Cat and the Fiddle", or "The Pig Jumped Over the Moon") is an English nursery rhyme.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19478.
"A Wise Old Owl" is an English language nursery rhyme.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7734 and in The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes, 2nd Ed.
 of 1997, as number 394.
 The rhyme is an improvement of a traditional nursery rhyme "There was an owl lived in an oak, wisky, wasky, weedle."
"Eeper Weeper" or "Heeper Peeper" is a popular English nursery rhyme and skipping song that tells the story of a chimney sweep who kills his second wife and hides her body up a chimney.
 The rhyme has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 13497.
