Willie Pinkney (August 15, 1925 – July 4, 2007) was an American performer and singer.
 Pinkney was often said to be the last surviving original member of The Drifters, who achieved international fame with numerous hit records.
 He was chiefly responsible for its early sounds.
 The Drifters have had a strong influence on soul, rhythm and blues, and rock and roll music.
 As an original group member, Bill Pinkney was a 1988 inductee into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame with The Drifters .
The Midnighters were an American R&B group from Detroit, Michigan.
 They were an influential group in the 1950s and early 1960s, with many R&B hit records.
 They were also notable for launching the career of lead singer Hank Ballard and the worldwide dance craze the Twist.
 Between 1953 and 1962 the Midnighters had almost two dozen hits on the U.S. Pop & R&B charts.
 Their big hits included the million-selling Billboard Top 10 pop hits "Finger Popping Time" (for which they received a 1961 Grammy Award nomination), and "Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go".
 The Midnighters also had 13 Top 10 R&B hits, including three that reached number 1.
 Their Top 10 R&B hits included "Work with Me, Annie", "It's Love Baby (24 Hours a Day)", "Annie Had a Baby", "The Hoochi Coochi Coo", "Teardrops on Your Letter", "Get It", "The Float" and "Nothing but Good".
 They received the Rhythm and Blues Foundation's prestigious Pioneer Award in 1992 and were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 1999.
 The group's lead singer, Hank Ballard, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990.
 The Midnighters as a "group" were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on April 14, 2012.
"Duke of Earl" is a 1962 US number-one song, originally by Gene Chandler.
 It is the best known of Chandler's songs, and he subsequently dubbed himself 'The Duke of Earl'.
 The song was penned by Chandler, Bernice Williams, and Earl Edwards.
 This song was a 2002 inductee into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
 It has also been selected by The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as one of the 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.
"Lonely Teardrops" is a song recorded and released as a single in 1958 by R&B, Soul, and Rock n Roll singer Jackie Wilson on the Brunswick label.
 It is a 1999 Grammy Hall of Fame Inductee.
 The song became an across-the-board national Top 10 Pop smash (# 7),a # 1 hit on the R&B charts, and is ranked #315 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
 It is ranked as the 57th biggest U.S. hit of 1959.
 "Lonely Teardrops" is also listed on the "Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's" list of ""The 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll"".
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Rhythm and Blues Music Hall of Fame are located in Cleveland, Ohio.
 Ohio musicians inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame include, The Isley Brothers (from Cincinnati) in '92, The Moonglows (from Cleveland) in 2000, The O'Jays (from Canton) in '05, Chrissie Hynde (from Akron) of The Pretenders in '05, and Bobby Womack (from Cleveland) (d.2014) in '09.
 This state is also the home of four major symphony orchestras which are located in Cleveland, Akron, Cincinnati, and Dayton as well as a "pops" orchestra, the Cincinnati Pops.
Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Covers EP is EP compilation by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, released in 2012 through iTunes as a digital-only download.
 The band first announced the EP through their website on April 19, 2012 with the title "We Salute You", although it was changed on the date of the release.
 The EP consists of six cover songs, live and in the studio, of previous Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees all who influenced the band.
 The EP was released to commemorate the band's own induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012.
 All six songs have been previously featured on other releases by the band.
 Four of the six tracks had never been released digitally before.
Delores Holmes (July 18, 1946 – April 16, 2010) was an American soul singer.
 She was best known for her years as backup singer for the Bruce Springsteen Band during 1969 to 1972, the last grouping before the E Street Band.
 The Bruce Springsteen Band included David Sancious, Vini Lopez, Garry Tallent and Steven Van Zandt, among others.
Peter Edward "Ginger" Baker (born 19 August 1939) is an English drummer, best known as the founder of the rock band Cream.
 Baker's work in the 1960s earned him praise as "rock's first superstar drummer", although his individual style melded a jazz background with his interest in African rhythms.
 Baker is an inductee of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Cream and is widely considered one of the most influential drummers of all time, recognised by his induction into the "Modern Drummer" Hall of Fame in 2008, and his induction into the Classic Drummer Hall of Fame in 2016.
 Baker is credited as a pioneer of drumming in genres like jazz fusion, heavy metal and world music.
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, located on the shore of Lake Erie in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, recognizes and archives the history of the best-known and most influential artists, producers, engineers, and other notable figures who have had some major influence on the development of rock and roll.
 The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Foundation was established on April 20, 1983, by Atlantic Records founder and chairman Ahmet Ertegun.
 In 1986, Cleveland was chosen as the Hall of Fame's permanent home.
 Since opening in September 1995, the "Rock Hall" – part of the city's redeveloped North Coast Harbor – has hosted more than 10 million visitors and had a cumulative economic impact estimated at more than $1.8 billion.
Roy Orbison and Friends: A Black and White Night is a 1988 Cinemax television special originally broadcast on January 3, 1988, starring triple Hall of Fame inductee (Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame and Songwriters Hall of Fame) rock/pop singer/songwriter Roy Orbison and backing band TCB Band with special guests including Bruce Springsteen, k.d. lang and others.
 The special was filmed entirely in black and white.
 A live album was released following the broadcast.
