Reveal Fantasia (リーヴェルファンタジア～マリエルと妖精物語～ , Riberu Fantajia Marieru to Yousei Monogatari ) Is a Fantasy role playing video game released in 2002 for the PlayStation 2 console by Victor Interactive Software, Inc. in Japan.
 The game involved an innovative concept of a role playing game involving no battles or fighting.
 Its game play shows some influence from dating simulation games.
 The game was never released outside Japan.
FTL:2448 is a science fiction role playing game, created by Richard Tucholka, and published by Tri Tac Games in 1982, about faster-than-light (FTL) travel with alien races.
 In 1985, there was an expanded edition, and in 1990, a two-volume version of the game was released.
 Book One covered character creation, alien races, combat, equipment, and some scenarios.
 Book Two included the extensive Star-System-generation system, several campaign setups, and more background information on the overall campaign.
 The 2000 PDF Edition includes an additional 100 pages of new material as well as starship blueprints, The Art of FTL, and additional material.
The Cortex System is a generic RPG system based on the "Sovereign Stone System ", and was developed by Margaret Weis Productions, Ltd for the Serenity Role Playing Game.
 It was subsequently used for their licensed "Battlestar Galactica" and Supernatural RPGs, and brought out as a stand-alone system in the "Cortex System Role Playing Game" book (also called the "Cortex Classic System Role Playing Game").
 Serenity, using the Cortex System, was the 2005 Origins Award Gamer's Choice Role Playing Game of the Year.
Hiromichi Tanaka (田中 弘道 , Tanaka Hiromichi , born January 7, 1962) is a Japanese video game developer, game producer, game director and game designer.
 He was Senior Vice President of Software Development at Square Enix (formerly Square) and the head of the company's Product Development Division-3.
 He is best known as the former lead developer of "Final Fantasy XI", Square's first massively multiplayer online role playing game (MMORPG).
 He oversaw ongoing development of that title and "Final Fantasy XIV" until late 2010.
 He also recently led the development of the Nintendo DS version of "Final Fantasy III", having worked in a senior role on the original version of the game in 1990.
Marvel Heroic Roleplaying (MHRP), is the fourth role playing game set in the Marvel Universe, published Margaret Weis Productions under license from Marvel Comics.
 It was a fast playing game using the Cortex Plus system, with the first volume published in early 2012.
 In early 2013 Margaret Weis Productions announced they would not be renewing their license.
FTL Games (Faster Than Light) was the video game development division of Software Heaven Inc. FTL created several popular video games in the 1980s and early 1990s.
 Despite the company's small size, FTL products were consistently number-one sellers and received the highest critical acclaim and industry awards.
The Aethra Chronicles - Volume One: Celystra's Bane or The Aethra Chronicles (also known as Aethra for short) is a classic 1994 MS-DOS shareware computer role playing game.
 The game was based on the Rolemaster game system, a Pencil & Paper role playing game.
 It was developed mostly as a one-man project by Michael Lawrence with some help from others for the graphics and sound/music.
An online text-based role playing game is a role-playing game played online using a solely text-based interface.
 Online text-based role playing games date to 1978, with the creation of "MUD1", which began the MUD heritage that culminates in today's MMORPGs.
 Some online-text based role playing games are video games, but some are organized and played entirely by humans through text-based communication.
 Over the years, games have used TELNET, internet forums, IRC, email and social networking websites as their media.
Haven: City of Violence is a role-playing game created by Louis Porter Jr.
 Design.
 The game is a neo-noir "role playing game of hyperkinetic action" and was released for sale in 2003.
 "Haven: City of Violence" is the first role-playing game ever to be optioned by a movie production company prior to its public release.
 Louis Porter Jr. and his company began working on the game in 1998.
 They had been developing it for six years when Barry Levine's company, Brigade Entertainment, optioned the movie rights for the game.
MerpCon is an acronym for "Middle-Earth Role Playing Convention", a role playing game convention dedicated solely to role-playing gaming in J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth.
 The event is held annually on the last weekend of July and runs for 3 days from Friday, through to the end of Sunday (and sometimes a little into the following Monday morning).
 To date MerpCon has been held each year in Spokane, WA, USA.
 Beginning in 2009 MerpCon began to transition to being called Tolkienmoot as this convention's venue began to expand to include more Tolkien-related activities, events, and guests beyond just role playing in Middle-earth.
