Cassius Longinus ( ; Greek: Κάσσιος Λογγῖνος ; c. 213 – 273 AD) was a rhetorician and philosophical critic.
 He was perhaps a native of Emesa in Syria.
 He studied at Alexandria under Ammonius Saccas and Origen the Pagan, and taught for thirty years in Athens, one of his pupils being Porphyry.
 Longinus did not embrace the Neoplatonism then being developed by Plotinus, but continued as a Platonist of the old type and his reputation as a literary critic was immense.
 During a visit to the east, he became a teacher, and subsequently chief counsellor to Zenobia, queen of Palmyra.
 It was by his advice that she endeavoured to regain her independence from Rome.
 Emperor Aurelian, however, crushed the revolt, and Longinus was executed.
Adranodoros (or Andranodorus) was the son-in-law of the Greek Sicilian king Hiero II of Syracuse in the 3rd century BCE, being married to Hiero's daughter Demarata.
 He was one of fifteen guardians named by Hiero to counsel Hiero's fifteen-year-old grandson and successor, Hieronymus of Syracuse, after Hiero died.
 Adranodoros dismissed the guardians, saying that they were not needed, and became Hieronymos's chief counsellor.
 He encouraged Hieronymus to change the allegiance of Syracuse from Rome to Carthage, and connect himself with Hannibal.
Bramling is a hamlet five miles (8 km) east of Canterbury in Kent, England.
 It lies on the A257 road between Littlebourne and Wingham.
 The local public house is called "The Haywain".
 The population of the hamlet taken at the 2011 Census was included in the civil parish of Ickham and Well
Alexander Comyn, 2nd Earl of Buchan (died 1289) was a Scoto-Norman magnate who was one of the most important figures in the 13th century Kingdom of Scotland.
 He was the son of William Comyn, jure uxoris Earl of Buchan, and Marjory, Countess of Buchan, the heiress of the last native Scottish Mormaer of Buchan, Fergus.
 He was the chief counsellor of Alexander III, King of Scots for the entire period of the king's majority and, as Scotland's leading magnate, played a key role in safeguarding the independence of the Scottish monarchy.
 During his long career, Alexander Comyn was Justiciar of Scotia (1258–89), Constable of Scotland (1275–89), Sheriff of Wigtown (1263–66), Sheriff of Dingwall (1264–66), Ballie of Inverie (in Knoydart) and finally, Guardian of Scotland (1286–89) during the first interregnum following the death of Alexander III.
 In 1284 he joined with other Scottish noblemen who acknowledged Margaret of Norway as the heiress to King Alexander.
 He died sometime after 10 July 1289.
Polonius is a character in William Shakespeare's "Hamlet".
 He is chief counsellor of the king, and the father of Laertes and Ophelia.
 Generally regarded as wrong in every judgment he makes over the course of the play, Polonius is described by William Hazlitt as a "sincere" father, but also "a busy-body, [who] is accordingly officious, garrulous, and impertinent".
 In Act II Hamlet refers to Polonius as a "tedious old fool" and taunts him as a latter day "Jeptha".
Saint Eligius (also Eloy or Loye) (French: "Éloi" ) (c. 588 – 1 December 660) is the patron saint of goldsmiths, other metalworkers, and coin collectors.
 He is also the patron saint of veterinarians, the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME), a corps of the British Army, but he is best known for being the patron saint of horses and those who work with them.
 Eligius was chief counsellor to Dagobert I, Merovingian king of France.
 Appointed the bishop of Noyon-Tournai three years after the king's death in 642, Eligius worked for twenty years to convert the pagan population of Flanders to Christianity.
Thorvald Asvaldsson (Old Norse: "Þórvaldr Ásvaldsson" ) was the father of the colonizer of Greenland, Erik the Red, and grandfather of Leif Ericson, who visited North America centuries before Christopher Columbus.
 Thorvald's father was Ásvald Ulfsson, whose father was Ulf Oxen-Thorisson, whose father was Oxen-Thorir, brother of Naddodd, discoverer of Iceland.
John Anstey (died 1819) was an English poet and barrister.
 He was the second son of Christopher Anstey, and was a barrister of Lincoln's Inn and a commissioner for auditing public accounts.
 Under the pseudonym of 'John Surrebutter,' he wrote a didactic poem in 1796, entitled 'The Pleader's Guide,' further described as 'containing the conduct of a suit at law, with the arguments of Counsellor Bother'um and Counsellor Bore'um, in an action between John-a-Gull and John-a-Gudgeon for [assault and battery at a late contested election.'
 It has a great deal of humour, though chiefly of a legal kind.
 Richard Porson is said to have known it by heart, and Lord Campbell quotes it in his 'Lives of the Justices.'
 John Anstey also edited his father's works in 1808.
Ernő Mesterházy (not to be mistaken with Attila Mesterházy of the Hungarian Socialist Party) has been a chief counsellor to Gábor Demszky, mayor of Budapest.
 Mesterházy is an influential and powerful businessman, a film producer, and owns a record company too, Bahia Music.
Faildergdóit (later spelled Faildeargdoid or Ailldeargoid), son of Muinemón, was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, a High King of Ireland.
 He succeeded to the throne on the death of his father.
 He is said to have been the first king in Ireland whose subjects wore gold rings (Old Irish "failge") on their hands.
 He ruled for ten years before being killed, either by Sírna mac Déin, or by his successor Ollom Fotla, whose father, Fíachu Fínscothach, had been killed by Failderdóit's father Muinemón.
 The chronology of Geoffrey Keating's "Foras Feasa ar Éirinn" dates his reign to 950–943 BC, that of the "Annals of the Four Masters" to 1328–1318 BC.
