Modest Mouse is an American rock band formed in 1992 in Issaquah, Washington (a suburb of Seattle), and currently based in Portland, Oregon.
 The founding members are lead singer/guitarist Isaac Brock, drummer Jeremiah Green, and bassist Eric Judy.
 Strongly influenced by groups Pavement, the Pixies, XTC, and Talking Heads, the band rehearsed, rearranged, and recorded demos for almost two years before finally signing with small-town indie label, K Records, and releasing numerous singles.
 Since the band's 1996 debut album, "This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About", the group's lineup has centered on Brock and Green.
 Judy performed on every Modest Mouse album until his departure in 2012.
 Guitarist Johnny Marr (formerly of the Smiths) joined the band in 2006, shortly following percussionist Joe Plummer (formerly of the Black Heart Procession) and multi-instrumentalist Tom Peloso, to work on the album "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank".
 Guitarist Jim Fairchild joined the band in 2009.
 The band's sixth album, "Strangers to Ourselves", was released on March 17, 2015.
Joe Raposo (born 1970), of Portuguese descent, is the bassist for the seminal California punk rock band Lagwagon and qa engineer lead at Zynga.
 He also played bass for a period of time for The Real Mckenzies and Mad Caddies.
 Additionally, Raposo plays bass for the San Francisco-based fusion group King City, with fellow Lagwagon member Chris Rest as well as filling in on bass for several live shows with the Dwarves.
 Raposo began his career in 1987 at the age of seventeen by joining California hardcore punk band Rich Kids on LSD as their new bassist and remained with RKL until their hiatus in 1996.
 He began playing shows with RKL again in 2003 (after they had re-formed a year prior) until their current hiatus after the death of lead singer Jason Sears.
 Raposo joined Lagwagon in 2010, replacing original bassist Jesse Buglione.
 Raposo also plays bass in the cover band Uke-Hunt.
Arvas, formerly known as Örth, is a Norwegian black metal band formed in Bergen in 1993 as a one-man project by multi musician V-Rex.
 In Summer 1996, Borknagar drummer Grim and Gorgoroth bassist Ares joined the band.
 They recorded an album in Winter 1996, titled "Nocturno Inferno", but it was never released.
 After Grim committed suicide in 1999, V-Rex decided to keep on going as a one-man project, but changed the band's name.
 He recorded two demos, "Countless Souls at Dawn" and "I Am Thy Grief", and a split album with Hordagaard titled "Dawn of Satan/Uncle Satan", which was released by Azermedoth Records.
 The band's first official full-length album "Blessed from Below – Ad Sathanas Noctum" was released in 2010 by the band themselves.
 Their second album "Into The Realm Of The Occult" was released in November 2013 by Italian label ATMF Records, to be followed in March 2015 by "Black Satanic Mysticism", via Aeternitas Tenebrarum Music Foundation.
 Arvas has shared stages with bands like Throne Of Cartasis, Urgehal, Dauden, 1349, Mongo Ninja, Nocturnal Breed.
 In March 2013 Arvas toured the east European countries supporting Deicide on their 'End Of The World Tour'.
 The band's fourth full-length, "Black Path", was released on 24 March 2017 by Mighty Music.
Herzog is an indie rock band from Cleveland, Ohio formed in 2010.
 Their music has been described as "subtlety-free rock," and has been compared to the Cloud Nothings, whose bassist, TJ Duke, formerly played in Herzog.
 The band's frontman, Nick Tolar, graduated from Saint Ignatius High School in 2000.
 They became well-known when NPR chose the song "Silence" from their debut album Search as a song of the year in 2011.
 Their third album, "Boys", was released on May 20, 2014.
 Dan Price, the band's drummer, has said that its music resembles Weezer and the other '90's bands he and his bandmates grew up listening to.
 He has also said that "Boys" is the best representation of his band's sound yet.
The discography of the rock band L7.
 L7 was formed by Donita Sparks and Suzi Gardner on shared electric guitar and shared vocals in 1985.
 A year prior, Gardner had performed backing vocals on the Black Flag song "Slip It In".
 The band also consisted of bassist Jennifer Finch and drummer Roy Koutsky (who was in the band for a year and a half).
 After their debut the band recruited Demetra Plakas as their permanent drummer.
 This line up continued through their albums, Smell the Magic in 1990 with Subpop records, with signing to the record label Slash the band had recorded three albums, Bricks Are Heavy in 1992, and Hungry for Stink in 1994.
 By the time 1996 came around Finch had wanted to leave.
 While the band was preparing to record their next album.
 Greta Brink had taken over bass for the new album, .
 Which was released in 1997.
 Gail Greenwood took over as their bassist for their final album, Slap-Happy which was produced by their own record company, Wax Tadpole records.
 After this the band started to break up when Greenwood left the band.
 Janis Tanaka had taken over bass.
 However the band ended up going into an hiatus, in 2001.
Mathien is a Midwestern funk rock band named after lead singer and guitarist Chris Mathien.
 Chris wrote, produced, and played all the parts on his first album "Head, Heart & Hands" (2007).
 To form a live band Chris met with bassist Mike Schiff and drummer Aaron Bouslog and formed the group in Carbondale, Illinois, at Southern Illinois University.
 They would later be joined by keyboardist George Jackson after relocating to Chicago, Illinois.
 Lee England Jr. on violin was also added as a guest for the recording of the album "Hello, Again" (2009).
 The band played a packed House of Blues in Chicago to kick off the album and tour.
 With songs like "Little Richard", "Dirt That I Do","Goodbye", "Remember" and "We Don't Need to Make Love, to Know That We've Got it" the band had built a strong fan base and played shows on a 2009–2010 tour.
 2011 brought some changes with the band for the recording of "The Night I was an Alpha Male" (2011).
 George Jackson was out and Peter Wilkins joined the band on keyboards.
 They kicked off with an album release party at House of Blues again and toured in the Midwest.
 The band also broke into college radio playlists across the country; radio support came from North Central College WONC-FM in Naperville IL and Findlay College WLFC-FM in Findley, Ohio, and many others.
 The title track received heavy air play plus songs like "Jamie's Son", "Betaman", "Rub It In", "The Hold" and the huge crowd favorite "Lettuce Head".
 2012 the band changed drummers and welcomed Omar Jahwar to the band, Mathien began a midwest tour during 2012 building a fan base at every show they played.
 Later that year Chris Mathien was on WONC-FM's Local Chaos radio show and said the band will be recording a new album for release in 2013.
Geno Arce (born in Portland, Oregon), started playing bass in the clubs at age 16 opening for bands like Black 'n Blue and Fire Eye.
 Graduating from high school in 1982, he joined the navy and did his stint for his country.
 After receiving an honorable discharge, he returned to Portland for a short while and then relocated to Phoenix Arizona.
 While in Phoenix Geno performed on the local scene and in Los Angeles with the bands “Syngin, SX, and Box of Cherries, which later became “The Einsteins.”
 In 1998 Geno joined forces with Ron Keel to form the “Roadhouse Rattlers” and began his journey into Southern Rock and Country Music.
 In 1999 Ron Keel had to take a trip to Europe and Geno Joined Phoenix Arizona’s “Harry and the Gila Monsters" furthering a career in country music that would allow him to share the stage with acts such as Brooks and Dunn, Reba McIntyre, Montgomery Gentry, Neal McCoy, and many others.
 In 2000, Geno and Ron Keel were reunited, moved to Plain City Ohio where they formed the international southern rock band “IronHorse” consisting of Ron Keel vocals, Geno Arce Bass, Robert Marcelo Guitar, and Gaetano Nicolosi on drums.
 During its five year lifetime IronHorse performed all throughout the United States opening for bands such as “The Outlaws and Ted Nugent” In 2008 Geno Joined the all original lineup of Keel consisting of Ron Keel, Marc Ferrari, Bryan Jay, Dwain Miller and replacing bassist Kenny Chaisson.
 In June 2016 Geno was asked by Ron Keel to join him in another project called Badlands House Band.
 This band is part of a larger project in Sioux Falls SD called Badlands Pawn.
 and the brain child of Chuck Brennan.
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London (UCL).
 After they formed under the name Pectoralz, Guy Berryman joined the group as bassist and they changed their name to Starfish.
 Will Champion joined as drummer and backing vocalist, completing the lineup.
 Creative director Phil Harvey is often referred to as the fifth member by the band.
 The band renamed themselves "Coldplay" in 1998, before recording and releasing three EPs: "Safety" in 1998 and "Brothers & Sisters" and "The Blue Room" in 1999.
 "The Blue Room" was their first release on a major label, after signing to Parlophone.
Patrick Bruders is an American musician, best known as the current bassist for heavy metal supergroup Down, the former bassist of the blackened death metal band Goatwhore from 1997 to 2004, and the former bassist for the seminal sludge metal band Crowbar from 2005 until 2013.
 In 2008 he joined Eyehategod side project Outlaw Order and began live bass duties for the band, but has since parted ways with the group.
 He began touring as live bassist with heavy metal supergroup Down in early 2011, replacing former bassist Rex Brown, before being added as a permanent member, performing bass duties live and in the studio.
 Bruders is also a member of the New Orleans-based crust punk band Gasmiasma, Austin-based country band Pure Luck, and joined legendary doom metal band Saint Vitus for their performance at the Hammer of Doom music festival in Würzburg, Germany.
Martin Turner's Wishbone Ash was formed in 2004 by Martin Turner, original bassist, lead vocalist and one of the songwriters of Wishbone Ash Mark 1 and Mark 2 Line up.
 Including various reunions, his tenures with the "original" Wishbone Ash band lasted 1969-1980, 1987–1991 and 1995-1996.
 The band initially saw Turner joined by guitarists Keith Buck and Ray Hatfield, as well as drummer Rob Hewins.
 The band toured extensively throughout the UK and also in Europe with live performances featuring material from Wishbone Ash's heritage years, mixing live standards with lesser heard songs from the Wishbone Ash back catalogue, as documented on the "New Live Dates Vols.
 1 and 2" albums, released in 2006 and 2007 respectively.
 Original Wishbone Ash member Ted Turner guested with the band onstage, as documented on the live albums.
 In March 2008 Keith Buck left the band and was replaced by Danny Willson (ex-Showaddywaddy).
 In December of the same year it was announced that drummer Rob Hewins had been replaced by Dave Wagstaffe (ex-John Wetton, Ken Hensley).
 Hewins went on to join Showaddywaddy late in 2011, making his live debut in January 2012.
