The Embassy of China in London is the diplomatic mission of China in the United Kingdom.
 The Embassy in London is China's only embassy in the UK, alongside two Consulates-General in Edinburgh and Manchester.
 Established in 1877 as the Chinese Legation, the London mission was China's first permanent overseas diplomatic mission.
 It has served as the diplomatic mission of the Qing Empire, Republic of China and (since 1950) the People's Republic of China.
 It was the location of the Qing Empire's detention of Sun Yat-sen, an important episode in the Chinese revolution of 1911.
 It remains today the focal point for events relating to China held in the United Kingdom, including celebrations in 2012 to commemorate 40 years of diplomatic relations between the UK and the People's Republic of China.
A diplomatic mission or foreign mission is a group of people from one state or an organisation present in another state to represent the sending state/organisation officially in the receiving state.
 In practice, a diplomatic mission usually denotes the resident mission, namely the embassy, which is the office of a country's diplomatic representatives in the capital city of another country, whereas consulates are diplomatic missions which are not performed in the capital of the receiving state.
 As well as being a diplomatic mission to the country in which it is situated, it may also be a non-resident permanent mission to one or more other countries.
 There are thus resident and non-resident embassies.
In diplomatic usage, head of mission (HOM) or chief of mission (COM) from the French "chef de mission diplomatique" (CMD) is the head of a diplomatic representation, such as an ambassador, high commissioner, nuncio, chargé d'affaires, permanent representative, and to a consul-general or consul.
 Depending on the context, it may also refer to the heads of certain international organizations' representative offices.
 Certain other titles or usages that would qualify as a head of mission or equivalent also exist.
 While they are primarily referred to by the other titles mentioned above, it is common for the diplomatic corps of several countries to use deputy head of mission or deputy chief of mission (DCM) as the primary title for the second in command of a diplomatic mission.
A diplomatic bag, also known as a diplomatic pouch, is a container with certain legal protections used for carrying official correspondence or other items between a diplomatic mission and its home government or other diplomatic, consular, or otherwise official entities.
 The physical concept of a "diplomatic bag" is flexible and therefore can take many forms (e.g., a cardboard box, briefcase, duffel bag, large suitcase, crate or even a shipping container).
 Additionally, a diplomatic bag usually has some form of lock and/or tamper-evident seal attached to it in order to deter or detect interference by unauthorized third parties.
 The most important point is that as long as it is externally marked to show its status, the "bag" has diplomatic immunity from search or seizure, as codified in article 27 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations.
 It may only contain articles intended for official use.
 It is often escorted by a diplomatic courier, who is similarly immune from arrest and detention.
The High Commission of Australia in London is the diplomatic mission of Australia in the United Kingdom.
 It is located in Australia House, a Grade II listed building.
 It is both Australia's first diplomatic mission and the longest continuously occupied diplomatic mission in the United Kingdom.
Alvaro Mexia was a 17th-century Spanish explorer and cartographer of the east coast of Florida.
 Mexia was stationed in St Augustine and was given a diplomatic mission to the native populations living south of St. Augustine and in the Cape Canaveral area.
 This mission resulted in a "Period of Friendship" between the Spanish and the Ais native population.
The Embassy of Algeria in Islamabad is the diplomatic mission of Algeria to Pakistan.
 It is located at House No. 107, St. No. 9, in Sector E-7, Islamabad.
 Pakistan was one of the first countries to recognise the Provisional Government of the Algerian Republic in 1958.
 This was followed shortly later by Algeria opening its diplomatic mission in Karachi, then the capital of Pakistan.
The Embassy of the United States of America to Kenya (also known as Embassy Nairobi by the State Department), located in Nairobi, is home to the diplomatic mission of the United States to the Republic of Kenya.
 The embassy opened in central Nairobi in 1964, when the United States established diplomatic relations with Kenya.
 In 1998, the original embassy was the target of a terrorist attack, after which a new embassy building was constructed in Gigiri, a suburb of Nairobi, in 2003.
 The US diplomatic mission to Somalia is also based at the Nairobi embassy.
The United States Mission to the European Union (USEU) is the diplomatic mission of the United States to the European Union; it is based in Brussels, Belgium.
 The US has maintained diplomatic relations with the EU and its predecessors since 1953.
 The first predecessor of the current mission was the US diplomatic mission to the European Coal and Steel Community in Luxembourg, which opened in 1956.
 In 1961, the US Mission to the European Communities was established in Brussels, which later became the United States Mission to the European Union, upon the latter's establishment in 1993.
Although Azerbaijan initiated diplomatic relations with Western and other countries since the Safavids dynasty in XVI century, the first diplomatic body - the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was established in 1918 when Azerbaijan was formed as a republic for the first time and Mehmet Hasan Hacınkski became the first minister.
 The parliament sent the diplomatic delegation to the Ottoman State after signing the first international document - the Pact of Peace and Friendship - with this state and on this agreement, the Ottoman State became the first country recognizing independence of the ADR.
 The next step, the "Friendship and Peace" treaty with Iran was signed on 20 March 1919.
 And the diplomatic mission of Azerbaijan had started to work as a consulate in Tehran and other cities.
 However, this successful revival continued until the Russian army entered Baku on April 28, 1920.
 The diplomatic delegation of the Republic attended the Paris Peace Conference, 1919.
 As a result of the national democratic movement that started in Azerbaijan in 1988-1990, the country restored its independence on 5 February, 1991.
 Afterwards, Azerbaijan started to create bilateral relations with other countries.
 In this regard, the diplomatic missions have been established in foreign countries.
 Today Azerbaijan has embassies and consulates in more than 70 countries.
 Recent diplomatic missions started to operate in Brasil, Australia and Vietnam.
