Martin Lindsay (born 10 May 1982) is a professional boxer from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
 Lindsay fights at featherweight and is a former IBF Youth featherweight title champion.
 He is the former British featherweight champion and is set to fight an eliminator for the IBF World title.
Joel Parkinson (born April 10, 1981) is an Australian surfer who competes on the ASP (Association Of Surfing Professionals) World Tour.
 After twelve years competing at the elite level on the ASP World Championship Tour, a stretch that saw him win eleven elite ASP World Title Events, plus nine additional ASP tour events, and achieve runner-up second place to the ASP World Title four times, Parkinson won the ASP World Championship Tour Surfing Title on 14 December 2012 in Hawaii at the Banzai Pipeline during the ASP World Tours' final event for 2012–the Billabong Pipeline Masters.
 Parkinson hung on in a back and forth battle with eleven-time ASP World Title holder, Kelly Slater, to get his first World Title, as well as go on to win the Pipeline Masters, only after Slater lost his semi-final heat to Josh Kerr, of Queensland, Australia.
 Parkinson beat Kerr in the finals of the event, which was his seventh top-five placing for the year, and his first event title win for 2012.
Marco Antonio Reyes Nevarez (born November 24, 1987 in Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and the current WBC FECOMBOX Middleweight Champion.
 Reyes is trained by former IBF World Champion boxer and current Trainer of the Year, Roberto García.
Gairy St. Clair (born 2 February 1975 in Georgetown, Guyana) is a professional boxer in the junior lightweight (130 lb) division.
 He is the former IBF world junior-lightweight champion.
Freddie Norwood (born February 14, 1970 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a boxer in the lightweight division.
 Known as "Lil Hagler", Norwood defeated Antonio Cermeño to win the WBA Featherweight Title in 1998.
 He successfully defended his title eight times before losing his title by a controversial 11th-round TKO to Smoke Gainer.
 Among his notable defenses were a 9th-round KO over former WBC Featherweight Title holder Takashi Koshimoto, a unanimous decision victory over former WBO Featherweight Title holder Julio Pablo Chacón and former IBF and WBA Featherweight title holder Juan Manuel Márquez.
 After losing his title to Gainer, Norwood retired from boxing.
Mr Gay South Africa is a registered and trademarked competition founded in 2009 to present a professional competition for gay men in South Africa – a role model and a representative of which the entire LGBTI (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transsexual and intersex) community can be proud of.
 Both the 2009 and 2010 winners, Charl van den Berg and Francois Nel, went on to win the Mr. Gay World title; Charl in Oslo, Norway and Francois in Manila, Philippines.
 The 2011 Mr Gay South Africa, Lance Weyer, was first runner-up when Mr Gay World was hosted by South Africa in Johannesburg in April 2012.
 Mr Gay South Africa 2012 was chosen at a glittering Grand Finale in Pretoria on Saturday 8 December 2012 at the brand new, state-of-the-art Atterbury Theatre at Lynnwood Bridge and would have represented South Africa at Mr Gay World 2013, in August 2013 in Antwerp, Belgium.
 He is 23-year-old Jason Rogers from Pretoria.
 Rogers has since resigned, citing work and study commitments preventing him from giving his full commitment to the title.
 The first runner-up, Steve Williams, took over the 2012 title since June 2013 and represented South Africa at Mr Gay World 2013 in Antwerp, Belgium.
 The 2013 title holder is Werner de Waal, representing South Africa at Mr. Gay World 2014 in Rome, Italy.
 The competition is defined by the organisation as the search for the ultimate gay male in South Africa.
 Mr Gay South Africa is a heavily promoted role in the country and the title holder takes his job of educating, informing and campaigning to the public at large seriously.
 The winner represents South Africa at the annual Mr Gay World competition.
Tommy Karpency (born January 10, 1986) is an American professional boxer who fights in the light heavyweight division.
 He debuted pro boxing at the age of 20 and has spent the majority of his career boxing on the American circuit managing to win the regional WBA Fedecentro title in 2009.
 He is the two-time world title challenger for the WBO and WBC light heavyweight titles and holds a notable win over former WBC and IBF title holder Chad Dawson.
 Tommy is from a "Patch Town" inside of Adah, PA called "Palmer".
 There are 4 Palmer natives who are current professional boxers.
 Palmer has an approximate population of 200 people.
 Per capita, Palmer has one of the highest percentages of professional athletes in The United States.
Nora Perry MBE (born 1954 as Nora Gardner) is an English former badminton player noted for her anticipation, racket control, and tactical astuteness.
 A doubles specialist, Perry won numerous major titles, with a variety of partners, from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s.
 These included six All-England mixed doubles and two All-England women's doubles championships.
 She won both the 1980 IBF World Championships and the 1980 European Championships in women's doubles with Jane Webster.
 Three years later, she won the 1983 IBF World Championships title in mixed doubles with Thomas Kihlström.
 Generally regarded as one of the greatest female mixed doubles players in the game's history, in 1999 she was inducted into the World Badminton Hall of Fame.
 She currently teaches badminton at Davenant Foundation School in Essex.
Egidijus Kavaliauskas (born June 29, 1988 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is an undefeated Lithuanian professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division.
 Kavaliauskas represented Lithuania at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics Games.
 He turned professional in 2013.
 Egidijus is trained by former IBF World Champion boxer Roberto García.
Komgrich Nantapech (Thai: คมกฤช นันทเพชร ), also better known as Ektawan BTU Ruawaiking (เอกตะวัน บีทียูเรือไวกิ้ง) or Ektawan Mor Krungthep Thonburi (เอกตะวัน ม.กรุงเทพธนบุรี; born July 24, 1989) is a Thai professional boxer in Flyweight division.
 He is a former Thai Flyweight champion, On April 29, 2017 Nantapech is the #4 IBF Flyweight, he challenge the #3 Donnie Nietes for the vacant IBF World Title vacated by then Champion Johnriel Casimero.
