12 String Guitar!
 is an instrumental folk album released by The Folkswingers in 1963.
 The Folkswingers were a studio band with constantly changing personnel but on this album, they are Glen Campbell on 12-string guitar and The Dillards.
Mr. 12 String Guitar is an instrumental folk album featuring the 12 string guitar of American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1966 (see 1966 in music).
Les Fradkin (born 1951) is an American MIDI guitarist, keyboardist, songwriter, composer, and record producer.
 He is best known for being a member of the original cast of the hit Broadway show "Beatlemania".
 In addition to playing MIDI guitar, he plays 12 string guitar, the Starr Labs Ztar, guitar synthesizer, SynthAxe, Hammond organ, Mellotron, piano, bass guitar, and Moog synthesizer.
An octave twelve is a type of 12-string guitar fitted with a short-scale neck and a small solid body.
 It is tuned one octave higher than a standard guitar giving it the tonal range of a mandolin and enabling a guitarist to achieve a mandolin sound without learning mandolin fingering.
 The effect is similar to that of capoing a standard 12-string guitar at its twelfth fret.
 However, unlike a standard 12-string guitar, the courses of strings tuned in unison, rather than in octaves.
Noise Viola is a Brazilian instrumental group formed by Fred Andrade (electric guitar), Paulo Barros (acoustic guitar), Leonardo César (12 string guitar), Renato Monteiro (bass), Rafael Santiago and Cacau (percussion), which presents a fusion of classical music and Brazilian rhythms, such as frevo, maracatu and baião.
Country Shindig is a record album containing instrumental-only songs, the majority of which were taken from The Swinging 12 String originally released by The In Group featuring Glen Campbell on twelve string guitar and Leon Russell on harpsichord.
Glen Campbell Plays 12 String Guitar contains instrumental-only songs, the majority of which were taken from The Swinging 12 String originally released by The In Group featuring Glen Campbell on twelve string guitar and Leon Russell on harpsichord.
The 12 String Guitar of Glen Campbell contains instrumental-only songs, the majority of which were taken from The Swinging 12 String originally released by The In Group featuring Glen Campbell on twelve string guitar and Leon Russell on harpsichord.
12 String Guitar!
 Vol.
 2 is the second album by The Folkswingers, released in 1963 on the World Pacific record label.
 The album contains instrumental versions of popular folk songs, featuring Glen Campbell playing a 12-string guitar.
6- and 12-String Guitar is the second album by Leo Kottke, a solo instrumental steel-string acoustic guitar album originally released by John Fahey's Takoma Records in 1969.
 It is popularly known as the Armadillo album after the animal illustrated in the distinctive cover art (by Annie Elliott).
 Although Kottke has had a prolific career as a recording artist, "6- and 12-String Guitar" remains his best-known album.
