"Dancing on the Ceiling" is a song by American recording artist Lionel Richie.
 It was written by Richie, Mike Frenchik, and Carlos Rios for his third studio album of the same name (1986), while production was helmed by Richie and James Anthony Carmichael.
 Released as the album's leading single, it became a worldwide top ten hit, reaching the top five in Sweden, the United States, and the Flemish region of Belgium as well as peaking on the top spot on the national singles chart in Norway.
"Penny Lover" is the title of the fifth and final single released from Lionel Richie's multi-platinum and Grammy Award-winning 1983 album, "Can't Slow Down".
 The song was written by Richie and his then-wife, Brenda Harvey Richie.
Jenny Bae (; born 1980) is a South Korean crossover violinist.
 She has been performing internationally for over a decade.
 She has guest-performed for musicians such as Luciano Pavarotti, Eric Clapton, Lionel Richie, Andrea Bocelli, Plácido Domingo and Zucchero.
"My Love" is the title of a 1983 hit song by the American singer-songwriter Lionel Richie.
 It was the third single released off Richie's self-titled debut solo album.
 The song features harmony backing vocals by country music singer Kenny Rogers.
 It reached the Top 10 on three notable "Billboard" magazine charts in the spring of 1983: on the pop chart, the song peaked at # 5; on the adult contemporary chart, the song spent four weeks at # 1; and on the R&B chart, the song topped out at # 6.
 "My Love" was not among Richie's more successful singles in the United Kingdom, where it managed # 70 on the UK Singles Chart.
Tuskegee is the tenth studio album by American singer Lionel Richie, released on March 5, 2012 through Mercury Records.
 The album consists entirely of reinterpretations of previously released songs by Richie, each performed with a different guest artist.
 It became Richie's third number-one album on the "Billboard" 200 and his first since "Dancing on the Ceiling" in 1986.
 "Tuskegee" also became Richie's first album to sell more than a million copies in the United States since "Dancing on the Ceiling".
Lionel Richie is the eponymous debut solo studio album by American singer Lionel Richie, released on October 6, 1982 on Motown Records.
 It was recorded and released while Richie was still a member of the Commodores; he would leave the group shortly after the album's release.
 The first single from the album, "Truly", topped the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Follow-up single "You Are" reached number four, and "My Love" reached number five.
 The album was also a hit, reaching number one on the "Cashbox" albums chart on December 11, 1982.
Dancing on the Ceiling is the third solo studio album by Lionel Richie, released on August 5, 1986.
 The album was originally to be titled "Say You, Say Me", after the Academy Award-winning track of the same name, but it was renamed to a different track's title after Richie rewrote the album.
 The album was released to generally positive reviews and warm sales, peaking at No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200 and selling 4 million copies.
 Following the album's release Richie went on a long hiatus, releasing his first album of entirely new material ten years later.
"Deep River Woman" is a single written by American artist Lionel Richie and recorded by Richie with American country music group Alabama.
 It was released in December 1986 as the fourth single from Richie's album "Dancing on the Ceiling".
 The song peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and number 71 on the Hot 100.
"Se La" is a track from Lionel Richie's 1986 album "Dancing on the Ceiling".
 The song was written by Richie and Greg Phillinganes, and produced by Richie and James Anthony Carmichael.
 It was released in 1987 as the final single from the album, and was Richie's last single of the 1980s.
"Stuck on You" is a song written by and originally recorded by Lionel Richie.
 It was the fourth single released from his second studio album "Can't Slow Down" released on May 1, 1984, by Motown, and achieved chart success, particularly in the U.S. and the UK, where it peaked at number three and number 12, respectively.
 The song differs from Richie's other compositions, as it displays a country pop influence rather than R&B.
 As such, the single's cover photo shows Richie wearing a cowboy hat, and indeed, "Stuck on You" peaked at number 24 on the country chart.
 "Stuck on You" reached number one on the Adult Contemporary chart, Richie's seventh chart topper.
 The song marks Lionel Richie's country music debut.
