"Lujon" (also known as "Slow Hot Wind") is a musical piece by Henry Mancini.
 It appeared on his 1961 album "Mr. Lucky Goes Latin", but was an original piece of music that had nothing to do with the "Mr. Lucky" television program.
 It was included in the soundtracks for the films "The Big Lebowski", "Sexy Beast", "W.E.", and "Two Lovers".
 Its name comes from the lujon percussion instrument heard on the recording.
Musical composition can refer to an original piece of music, either a song or an instrumental music piece, the structure of a musical piece, or the process of creating or writing a new song or piece of music.
 People who create new compositions are called composers in classical music.
 In popular music and traditional music, the creators of new songs are usually called songwriters; with songs, the person who writes new words for a song is the lyricist.
 "Composition" is the act or practice of creating a song or other piece of music.
 In many cultures, including Western classical music, the act of composing typically includes the creation of music notation, such as a sheet music "score", which is then performed by the composer or by other instrumental musicians or singers.
 In popular music and traditional music, songwriting may involve the creation of a basic outline of the song, called the lead sheet, which sets out the melody, lyrics and chord progression.
 In classical music, orchestration (choosing the instruments of a large music ensemble such as an orchestra which will play the different parts of music, such as the melody, accompaniment, countermelody, bassline and so on) is typically done by the composer, but in musical theatre and in pop music, songwriters may hire an arranger to do the orchestration.
 In some cases, a pop or traditional songwriter may not use written notation at all, and instead compose the song in her mind and then play, sing and/or record it from memory.
 In jazz and popular music, notable sound recordings by influential performers are given the weight that written or printed scores play in classical music.
Surfer is a critically acclaimed integrated advertising campaign launched in 1999 by Diageo to promote Guinness-brand draught stout in the United Kingdom.
 The cornerstone of the campaign is a television commercial, originally 60 seconds long, which centred on a Polynesian surfer successfully taking on a gigantic wave.
 Shot in Hawaii over a nine-day period and directed by Jonathan Glazer, the piece went on to win more awards than any other commercial in 1999 (Clio Awards, D&AD Awards, Cannes Lions), and in 2002 was voted the "Best ad of all time" in a poll conducted by Channel 4 and "The Sunday Times".
Metamorphosis of Vivaldi's Four Seasons is a musical piece featuring guitarist Uli Jon Roth's interpretation of Antonio Vivaldi's work "The Four Seasons", in a rock-classical fusion.
 The album also includes a new concerto, "Metamorphosis".
 "Metamorphosis" is separated into 24 tracks bridged by soundscapes and narration.
 It was released in Europe and Japan in 2003, and in North America in 2004.
Jonathan Glazer (born 26 March 1965) is an English filmmaker, whose directing work includes feature films, music videos and advertisements.
Under the Skin is a 2000 novel by Michel Faber.
 Set in northern Scotland, it traces an extraterrestrial who, manifesting in human form, drives around the Scottish countryside picking up male hitchhikers whom she drugs and delivers to her home planet.
 The novel, which was Faber's debut, was shortlisted for the 2000 Whitbread Award.
 It was later adapted into a feature film by Jonathan Glazer.
Sheet music is a handwritten or printed form of music notation that uses modern musical symbols to indicate the pitches (melodies), rhythms or chords of a song or instrumental musical piece.
 Like its analogs – printed books or pamphlets in English, Arabic or other languages – the medium of sheet music typically is paper (or, in earlier centuries, papyrus or parchment), although the access to musical notation since the 1980s has included the presentation of musical notation on computer screens and the development of scorewriter computer programs that can notate a song or piece electronically, and, in some cases, "play back" the notated music using a synthesizer or virtual instruments.
Dreamer (also known as Dream Club) is an integrated advertising campaign launched by Diageo in 2001 to promote Guinness-brand draught stout in the United Kingdom.
 It is the fourth piece of the Good things come to those who wait campaign, following on from "Swimblack", "Surfer", and "Bet on Black".
 As with the previous pieces of the campaign, "Dreamer" was handled by advertising agency Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO and comprised appearances in print, posters, and television and cinema spots.
 The centrepiece of the campaign was the sixty-second television and cinema commercial directed by Jonathan Glazer, who had also directed two of the three previous ads.
 Post production work was completed by The Computer Film Company which animated the squirrel sequence.
 The piece was premiered on SKY television on 6 April 2001, appearing on terrestrial television channels the following day.
Sexy Beast is a 2000 British crime film and the directorial debut of Jonathan Glazer.
 Glazer had previously directed music videos and commercials for companies such as Guinness and Levi's.
 The film stars Ray Winstone, Ben Kingsley and Ian McShane.
Reassuringly Expensive was the Stella Artois' advertising slogan in the United Kingdom from 1982 until 2007.
 The 1990s UK television advertising campaigns became known for their distinctive style of imitating European cinema and their leitmotif taken from the score of "Jean de Florette", inspired, in turn, by Giuseppe Verdi's "La forza del destino".
 The TV campaigns began in 1991 with a series of adverts based on "Jean de Florette", directed by the British duo Anthea Benton and Vaughan Arnell, moving on to other genres including war movies, silent comedy and even surrealism (for which the slogan was changed to "Reassuringly Elephants").
 They have used notable movie directors such as Jonathan Glazer, and their aim was to portray the drink in a context of sophisticated European culture.
