High Lonesome is the seventh studio album by American country music artist Randy Travis, released on August 27, 1991.
 Four singles were released from the album: "Forever Together" (#1 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts), "Better Class of Losers" (#2), "Point of Light" (#3), and "I'd Surrender All" reached number 20.
 All of these singles except "Point of Light" were co-written by Travis and country singer Alan Jackson.
 Conversely, Travis co-wrote Jackson's 1992 Number One hit "She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)" from his 1992 album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)".
Steers & Stripes is the seventh studio album, released in 2001, by country duo Brooks & Dunn on Arista Nashville.
 The album produced five singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, of which the first three were all Number Ones.
 "Ain't Nothing 'bout You", the first single, became the duo's biggest hit, not only spending six weeks at the top of the country charts, but also reaching #25 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The song was also declared by "Billboard" as the Number One country song for the entire year of 2001.
 Following it were "Only in America" and "The Long Goodbye" (the latter of which was later a pop hit for Ronan Keating, co-written with Paul Brady).
 The last two singles were the #5 "My Heart Is Lost to You" and the #12 "Every River".
"Nothin' 'bout Love Makes Sense" is a song written by Gary Burr, Joel Feeney and Kylie Sackley, and performed by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes.
 It was released in August 2004 as the first single from Rimes' album "This Woman".
 The song peaked at number five on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 A music video was also released in 2004 for the song.
Holler Back is the fifth studio album by American country music group The Lost Trailers.
 It was released on August 26, 2008 as their second album for BNA Records.
 The album's title track was released in March 2008, becoming their first Top 10 hit that year with a peak at number 9.
 Following it was "How 'bout You Don't", a Top 20 hit.
 "All This Love" was originally chosen as the third single for release in June 2009 but after "Country Folks Livin' Loud" charted as an album cut, it was released as the album's next single.
"(Who Says) You Can't Have It All" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson.
 It was released in January 1994 as the fifth and final single from his album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)".
 The song peaked at number 4 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and number 11 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
 Jackson wrote the song with Jim McBride.
A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love) is the third studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson.
 It was released on October 6, 1992, and produced the singles "Chattahoochee", "She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)", "Tonight I Climbed the Wall", "(Who Says) You Can't Have It All" and "Mercury Blues".
 "Chattahoochee" and "She's Got the Rhythm" were both Number One hits on the Hot Country Songs charts, while the other three songs all reached Top Five.
"Chattahoochee" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson.
 It was released in May 1993 as the third single from his album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)".
 The album is named for a line in the song itself.
 Jackson wrote the song with Jim McBride.
"Tonight I Climbed the Wall" is a song written and performed by American country music artist Alan Jackson.
 It was released in January 1993 as the second single from his album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)".
 It peaked at number 4 on both the United States "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
"She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)" is a song co-written by American country music artists Alan Jackson and Randy Travis, and performed by Jackson.
 It was released in October 1992 as the first single from his album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)".
 The song received an award in 1993 from Music City News for being one of the most performed country songs of the year.
Alan Jackson is an American country music artist.
 The first artist signed to Arista Nashville Records, he was with them from 1989 to 2011.
 He has released sixteen studio albums, two Christmas albums, ten compilations, and a tribute album for the label.
 His first two greatest hits albums (1995's "The Greatest Hits Collection" and 2003's "Greatest Hits Volume II") as well as his 1992 studio album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)" are all his highest-certified albums, each certified 6× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, with sales in the US of over 6,000,000.
 He has sold over 40 million albums in the US since 1991 when Nielsen SoundScan began tracking sales for Billboard.
