Karakalpak is a Turkic language spoken by Karakalpaks in Karakalpakstan.
 It is divided into two dialects: Northeastern Karakalpak, Southeastern Karakalpak.
 The language is closely related to Kazakh.
Kegeyli (Uzbek: "Kegeyli" , Karakalpak: Kegeyli , Russian: Кегейли ) is a town and seat of Kegeyli District in Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan.
 The town population in 1989 year was 10 867 people.
Chuvash (Чӑвашла, "Čăvašla" ; ] ) is a Turkic language spoken in central Russia, primarily in the Chuvash Republic and adjacent areas.
 It is the only surviving member of the Oghur branch of Turkic languages and thus makes up one full half of the Turkic language family.
 Because of this, Chuvash has diverged considerably from the other Turkic languages, which typically demonstrate mutual intelligibility among one another to varying degrees.
Khazar, also known as "Khazaric" or "Khazaris", was the dialect spoken by the Khazars, a group of semi-nomadic Turkic originating from Central Asia.
 There are few written records of the language, and it is regarded as extinct.
 Khazar was a Turkic language; however, there is a dispute among scholars as to which branch of the Turkic language family it belongs.
 One consideration believes it belongs to the Oghur ("lir") branch of the Turkic language family, while another consideration is that it belongs to the Oghuz ("shaz") branch.
Bala Turkvision Song Contest 2016 would have been the second edition of the Bala Turkvision Song Contest, and was scheduled to take place in Turkey.
 The contest which is the junior equivalent of the Turkvision Song Contest; and is similar to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest being the younger equivalent of the Eurovision Song Contest.
 Eligible to participate are Turkic regions, which have either a large Turkic population or a widely spoken Turkic language.
 Contestants must be aged between 8 and 15 and must perform in a Turkic language.
Qashqai (قاشقای ديلى, also spelled Qashqay, Kashkai, Kashkay, Qašqāʾī, and Qashqa'i) is an Oghuz Turkic language spoken by the Qashqai people, an ethnic group living mainly in the Fars Province of southern Iran. "
Encyclopædia Iranica" regards Qashqai as an independent third group of dialects within the southwestern Turkic language group.
 It is known to speakers as Turki.
 Estimates of the number of Qashqai speakers vary. "
Ethnologue" gives a figure of 949,000 in 2015.
The Karluk (Qarluk) Turkic, Uyghuric Turkic or Southeastern Common Turkic languages, also referred to as the Karluk languages, are a sub-branch of the Turkic language family.
 Many Middle Turkic works were written in these languages.
 The language of the Kara-Khanid Khanate was known as Turki, Kashgari, or Khaqani.
 The language of the Chagatai Khanate was the Chagatai language.
 Karluk Turkic was spoken in the Kara-Khanid Khanate, Chagatai Khanate, Yarkent Khanate, and the Uzbek speaking Khanate of Bukhara, Emirate of Bukhara, Khanate of Khiva, and Kokand Khanate.
Uzbek is a Turkic language and the official language of Uzbekistan.
 It has 27 million native speakers and is spoken by the Uzbeks in Uzbekistan and elsewhere in Central Asia.
 Uzbek belongs to the Eastern Turkic, or Karluk, branch of the Turkic language family.
 External influences include Persian, Arabic and Russian.
 One of the most noticeable distinctions of Uzbek from other Turkic languages is the rounding of the vowel /a/ to /ɒ/ , a feature that was influenced by Persian.
Kegeyli District (Uzbek: "Kegeyli tumani" , Karakalpak: Kegeyli rayonı ) is a district of Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan.
 The capital lies at Kegeyli.
Middle Turkic refers to a phase in the development of the Turkic language family, covering much of the Middle Ages (c. 900–1500 CE).
 In particular the term is used by linguists to refer to a group of Karluk and Oghuz and related languages spoken during this period in Central Asia, Iran, and other parts of the Middle East occupied by the Seljuk Turks.
 Its best known literary form is the Karakhanid dialects spoken in Kashgar, Balasaghun and other cities along the Silk Road.
 The literary language of the Chagatai Khanate is considered a later form of Middle Turkic.
 Confusingly, the Karluk and Oghuz "Middle Turkic" period overlaps with the East Turkic Old Turkic period, which covers the 8th to 13th centuries.
