The Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency (Dutch: "Planbureau voor de Leefomgeving" - abbr.
 "PBL") is a Dutch research institute that advises the Dutch government on environmental policy and regional planning issues.
 The research fields include sustainable development, energy and climate change, biodiversity, transport, land use, and air quality.
 It is one of three applied policy research institutes of the Dutch government, the other two being "Centraal Planbureau" (CPB), and "Sociaal en Cultureel Planbureau" (SCP).
 Since November 2015 Hans Mommaas is director of the Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency.
ASR Nederland is a major Dutch insurance group based in Utrecht.
 The company was created in its current form in 2008 when the insurance business was split out of Fortis, after it was acquired by the Dutch government during the Financial crisis of 2007-2010.
 The Dutch government revived the old name that had been used prior to the acquisition by Fortis in 2000 for the newly structured company.
Partus sequitur ventrem, often abbreviated to partus, in the British North American colonies and later in the United States, was a legal doctrine which the English royal colonies incorporated in legislation related to definitions of slavery.
 It was derived from the Roman civil law; it held that the slave status of a child followed that of his or her mother.
 It was widely adopted into the laws of slavery in the colonies and the following United States.
 The Latin phrase literally means "that which is brought forth follows the womb".
The United East India Company or the United East Indian Company, also known as the United East Indies Company (Dutch: Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie ; or Verenigde Oostindische Compagnie in modern spelling; VOC), referred to by the British as the Dutch East India Company, or sometimes known as the Dutch East Indies Company, was originally established as a chartered company in 1602, when the Dutch government granted it a 21-year monopoly on the Dutch spice trade.
 A pioneering early model of the multinational corporation in its modern sense, the company is also often considered to be the world's first true transnational corporation.
 In the early 1600s, the VOC became the first company in history to issue bonds and shares of stock to the general public.
 In other words, the VOC was the world's first formally listed public company, because it was the first corporation to be ever actually listed on an official (formal) stock exchange.
 As the first historical model of the quasi-fictional concept of the megacorporation, the VOC possessed quasi-governmental powers, including the ability to wage war, imprison and execute convicts, negotiate treaties, strike its own coins, and establish colonies.
Cheah Meng Chi （謝夢池） or Cheah Choon Seng or Tjia Tjoen Sen（謝春生） or Hsie Yung Kuang （謝榮光）, a Hakka from Meixian, Guangdong, China, was Chinese Vice Consul in Penang from 1895–1903 and from 1906-1907.
 He was a founding director of the Deli Bank in Medan, Indonesia.
 Born in 1848 in Pontianak, Dutch East Indies.
 He was a contractor of provisions and foodstuffs to the Dutch Government for eight years before moving to Kota Raja or Banda Acheh on the east coast of Sumatra where, in addition to those existing contracts he obtained fresh contracts for the construction of railroads and for opium and other revenue farms.
 He was appointed Lieutenant China, which he held for twenty-one years after which he was made Captain China.
 The Dutch Government conferred on him the Gold Star for "Trouw en Verdienste" and with a gold medal for outstanding contributions to them.
 Around 1898 he relinquished management of his business interests there, handing them over to the management of his attorney, Mr. Leong Mok On, and moved to Penang where he lived at No. 8, Leith Street.
 He was appointed Chinese Vice-Consul to Penang, a position that was taken up by his son-in-law, Mr. Leong Fee, upon his resignation.
 He had interests in the Tambun mines in Perak and the Bentong mines near Kuala Lumpur.
 He was a member of the Penang Chinese Town Hall committee.
 He married the daughter of the Mayor of Pontianak, Mr. Chong Hi.
 Together with Cheong Fatt Tze, Leong Fee（梁輝, Zhang Yao Xuan（張耀軒, and Foo Choo Choon（胡子春）, he founded the Chung Hua School（中華學校 or 中華學堂, the first modern Chinese school in Malaya teaching in Mandarin.
 Cheah Choon Seng died on 4 February 1916.
Frederick D. J. Pangemanann (also Pangemanan; 1870–1910) was a Minahasa journalist and novelist active in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia).
The Weerbaarheidsafdeling (typically called WA) was the paramilitary arm of the National Socialist Movement in the Netherlands (Dutch: NSB), the fascist political party that collaborated with the German occupiers of the Netherlands during World War II.
 The organization, roughly equivalent to the German SA, was founded in 1932 by Anton Mussert, co-founder of the NSB in 1931 and its leader until the end of the war.
 Members wore and marched in black uniforms and were thus called "blackshirts".
 In 1933 the Dutch government banned the wearing of uniforms (by civilians), and the WA was disbanded in 1935 in order to forestall the Dutch government's banning it.
 In 1940, after the German invasion, the WA became openly active again, and more ruthless than before.
 They specialized in violent attacks, particularly on the Dutch Jewish population.
The Dutch East Indies (or Netherlands East-Indies; Dutch: "Nederlands(ch)-Indië" ; Indonesian: "Hindia Belanda" ) was a Dutch colony.
 It was formed from the nationalised colonies of the Dutch East India Company, which came under the administration of the Dutch government in 1800.
The Netherlands Government Information Service ("Dutch:" Rijksvoorlichtingsdienst, abbrev.: RVD) is a Dutch government agency.
 The RVD is the official information service of the Dutch government and is the spokesbody for the prime minister, the Council of Ministers and the Dutch Royal House.
 The RVD is also responsible for providing public information on government policy, the prime minister and the Ministry of General Affairs.
The adoption of plug-in electric vehicles in the Netherlands is actively supported by the Dutch government through the exemption of the registration fee and road taxes.
 These purchase incentives have been adjusted over time.
 Considering the potential of plug-in electric vehicles in the country due to its relative small size and geography, the Dutch government set a target of 15,000 to 20,000 electric vehicles with three or more wheels on the roads in 2015; 200,000 vehicles in 2020; and 1 million vehicles in 2025.
 The first government target was achieved in 2013, two years earlier, thanks to the sales peak that occurred at the end of 2013.
 The stock of light-duty plug-in electric vehicles registered in the Netherlands achieved the 100,000 unit milestone in November 2016.
