Lego Superman is a part of the 2012 Lego theme DC Universe Superheroes which features character Superman.
 The first set was released in December 2012; the second in 2013 based on the Superman film "Man of Steel".
 The characters from the first set featured in "" which were Superman, Wonder Woman and Lex Luthor.
 As of October 2012 there are four Lego Superman sets.
Lex Luthor: Man of Steel (later collected as simply Luthor) is a five-issue monthly American comic book limited series written by Brian Azzarello and illustrated by Lee Bermejo, which features Superman's nemesis Lex Luthor as the protagonist.
Superman og Fredsbomben (translation: Superman and the Peace Bomb) or Superman: A Tale of Five Cities is a large prestige format 48-page graphic novel published by Danish publisher Interpresse in 1990.
 In celebration of Superman's 50th anniversary in 1988, DC Comics incentived overseas publishers to produce an original story with the Man of Steel.
 Only the Interpresse editors from Denmark attended the call, comic book translator and writer Niels Søndergaard wrote the story featuring Clark Kent and Lois Lane in a cold war adventure where Superman needs to devise a Lex Luthor plan to control all Nuclear Bombs in Europe.
 The storyline presents the Man of Steel visiting five capitals from northern Europe and Scandinavia: Amsterdam, Copenhagen, Oslo, Stockholm and Helsinki.
 The art and colors are provided by Teddy Kristiansen and the lettering by Rebecca Løwe.
 It was dedicated to danish editors Henning Kure and Ove Høyer, pioneers of the super-heroes comics in Denmark.
Lex Luthor is a fictional character from the television series "Smallville".
 He was a series regular from the pilot episode until the season seven finale, and has been played continuously by Michael Rosenbaum, with various actors portraying the character as a child throughout the series.
 The character of Lex Luthor, first created for comic books by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster in 1940 as nemesis of Superman, was adapted to television in 2001 by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar—this is only the third time the character has been adapted to a live action television series.
 The character has also appeared in various literature based on the "Smallville" television series, none of which directly continues from or into the television episodes.
The fictional character Lex Luthor has appeared in a number of media, always as the archenemy of Superman.
 Each version of the work typically establishes its own continuity, and sometimes introduces parallel universes, to the point where distinct differences in the portrayal of the character can be identified.
 In addition, the DC Universe has been rewritten a number of times, establishing additional versions of the character.
 This article details and lists various versions of Lex Luthor depicted in works including DC Comics "Multiverse", "Elseworlds", television and film.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman.
 Directed by Zack Snyder and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Pictures, the film is the second installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) following 2013's "Man of Steel".
 It was written by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter and Gal Gadot.
 "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" is the first live-action film to feature Batman and Superman together, as well as the first live-action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Flash and Cyborg.
 In the film, criminal mastermind Lex Luthor manipulates Batman into a preemptive battle with Superman, whom Luthor is obsessed with defeating.
Superman IV: The Quest for Peace is a 1987 American superhero film directed by Sidney J. Furie, based on the DC Comics character Superman.
 It is the fourth and final film in the original "Superman" film series, and the first film in that series not to be produced by Alexander and Ilya Salkind, but rather by Golan-Globus' Cannon Films, in association with Warner Bros. Gene Hackman returned as Lex Luthor, who creates an evil solar-powered version of Superman called Nuclear Man.
It's Superman!
 is a novel by Tom De Haven based on the comic book superhero Superman.
 It was released on September 15, 2005 in hardcover and August 29, 2006 in paperback.
 The premise tells the tale of Clark Kent's beginnings into becoming Superman, set in the 1930s, where Clark befriends a wrongly convicted photographer named Willi Berg, and is then taken from Kansas to Hollywood and finally in New York where he meets Lois Lane, fights Lex Luthor, as he debuts in his superhero persona.
 Despite the setting, this is not about the Golden Age Superman also known as the Superman of Earth-2; as Perry White, the Daily Planet, Lex Luthor's position and his trademark powers (including flight) are not part of that alternate Earth.
 Rather, it's a Superman period piece set in the 1930s.
Superman Returns is a 2006 American superhero film directed and produced by Bryan Singer.
 It is based on the DC Comics character Superman and serves as an homage sequel to the motion pictures "Superman" (1978) and "Superman II" (1980), while ignoring the events of "Superman III" (1983) and "" (1987).
 The film stars Brandon Routh as Clark Kent/Superman, Kate Bosworth as Lois Lane, Kevin Spacey as Lex Luthor, with James Marsden, Frank Langella, and Parker Posey.
 The film tells the story of the title character returning to Earth after a five-year absence.
 He finds that his love interest Lois Lane has moved on with her life, and that his archenemy Lex Luthor is plotting a scheme that will destroy Superman and the world.
Lionel Luthor is a fictional character portrayed by John Glover in the television series "Smallville".
 The character was initially a recurring guest in season one, and became a series regular in season two and continued until being written out of the show in season seven.
 The character returned to the show in season ten again as a recurring guest role as a parallel universe (Earth-2) version of the character.
 In "Smallville", Lionel Luthor is the father of Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum), and founder and CEO of LuthorCorp.
 Lex Luthor's father was first introduced in "Superman" comics by Jerry Siegel in 1961 and has since appeared in other Superman-related media under different names.
 "Smallville" is the first appearance in which the character has been an intricate part of a Superman adaptation.
 Series developers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar created Lionel Luthor for "Smallville" to provide an antithesis to the parenting style of Jonathan Kent (John Schneider) and Martha Kent (Annette O'Toole).
