Battle Monument is a large Tuscan column monument located on Trophy Point at the United States Military Academy, West Point, NY.
 Designed by Stanford White, it was dedicated on 30 May 1897 by surviving Civil War veterans.
 The monument was financed by monthly contributions from the pay of the officers and soldiers of the regular army.
 The granite column, standing 46 feet tall and 5 feet in diameter, is reputed to be the largest column of polished granite in the Western Hemisphere.
 Inscribed on bronze straps belting the eight monumental "cannon balls" circling the column are the names of 2,230 Regular Army officers and soldiers who died for the Union during the Civil War.
 Designed by Frederick MacMonnies, a female statue sits atop the monument, representing "fame".
 The statue that now tops the monument is actually the second version of the statue.
 Just months after it was unveiled, MacMonnies agreed to replace the original statue after complaints that it was too large and awkward.
 Traditionally, the plebes at West Point made reference to the statue of Fame when giving the following reply to any upperclassman demanding to know "How are they all?"
: "They are all fickle but one, sir."
 "Who is the one?"
 "She who stands atop Battle Monument, for she has been on the same shaft since 1897;" however, this is no longer current practice.
The Carnegie Education Pavilion, more often known as the Carnegie Monument, is a marble Beaux-Arts monument located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
 The pavilion was constructed in 1996 from the exterior facade of the Carnegie Library, named after Andrew Carnegie.
 The monument pays homage to the legacy of Carnegie by serving as a monument to higher education in Atlanta, with the seals of nine local area colleges and universities embedded in the floor of the monument.
 The monument was commissioned in 1996 by the Corporation for Olympic Development in Atlanta and designed by Henri Jova.
 The pavilion is located in Downtown's Hardy Ivy Park, at the curve in Peachtree Street where it intersects with Baker Street.
 The monument's inscription reads: "The Advancement of Learning."
 It also features the inscriptions of the names of three famous Western poets "Dante", "Milton", and "Asop", in addition to the library's namesake, "Carnegie".
Sphola Stupa is a Buddhist monument located in the Khyber Pass, Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.
 The monument located about 25 kilometers from Jamrūd is on a high rocky ledge and consists of a stone mound supported by a tiered base.
 Large sections of the stone have fallen away, particularly to the right of the mound.
 A man is standing on the top of the mound, and another man is standing on a pile of rubble to the right.
 There is a valley beyond with steep mountains rising behind it.
The Monument to the Soviet Army (Bulgarian: Паметник на Съветската армия , "Pametnik na Savetskata armia") is a monument located in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.
 There is a large park around the statue and the surrounding areas.
 It is a popular place where many young people gather.
 The monument is located on Tsar Osvoboditel Boulevard, near Orlov Most and the Sofia University.
 It portrays a soldier from the Soviet Army as a freedom fighter, surrounded by a Bulgarian woman, holding her baby, and a Bulgarian man.
 There are other, secondary sculptural composition parts of the memorial complex around the main monument, like the group of soldiers which were used as a canvas by political artists.
 The monument was built in 1954 on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the liberation by the Soviet Army, which is the Russian interpretation of the complex Military history of Bulgaria during World War II.
Admiralty Island National Monument is a United States National Monument located on Admiralty Island in Southeast Alaska, and is managed as part of the Tongass National Forest.
 It was created December 1, 1978, and covers 955,747 acres (3,868 km) in Southeast Alaska.
 The remoteness of the monument led Congress to pass legislation designating all but 18,351 acres (74 km) of the monument as the Kootznoowoo Wilderness, ensuring that the vast bulk of this monument is permanently protected from development.
 The monument is administered by the U.S. Forest Service from offices in Juneau.
The Dual State Monument is a monument located on the border of Union County, Arkansas, and Union Parish, Louisiana.
 The monument was built in 1931 to mark the centennial of the establishment of the Arkansas-Louisiana state line.
 It also marks the birthplace of Arkansas governor George Washington Donaghey, who commissioned the monument after his retirement.
 The monument features Art Deco bas-relief carvings on its east and west sides.
 The east side features popular modes of transportation in 1831, including a steamboat, stagecoach, and covered wagon.
 The west side displays a locomotive, automobile, and airplane to represent the modes of transportation common in 1931.
 The monument was the first Art Deco-inspired sculpture erected in Arkansas.
The World Athletes Monument, more commonly known as the Prince Charles Monument or Prince of Wales Monument, is a monument located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
 The monument, dedicated to the 1996 Summer Olympics, is a gift from HRH the Prince of Wales in honor of the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games.
 The monument is located on Peachtree Street, at Pershing Point, in Midtown Atlanta.
 The monument has had an astounding impact on the surrounding underutilized land, and has become a regional cultural landmark and place to celebrate national and international events.
Daniel Morgan Monument is a historic monument located at Spartanburg, Spartanburg County, South Carolina.
 The statue was designed by John Quincy Adams Ward and the monument erected in 1881.
 The monument commemorates the centennial of the victory at the Revolutionary War Battle of Cowpens and its hero, General Daniel Morgan.
 The statue stands on a columnar granite shaft on an octagonal base designed by noted Charleston architect, Edward Brickell White.
 In 1960, the monument was moved about 100 yards across Morgan Square to its east end.
 However, in 2005 as part of a larger project involving the redesign and reconstruction of Morgan Square, the monument was returned to its original position at the corner of West Main and Magnolia Streets and its original orientation, facing Cowpens National Battlefield.
James Leal Greenleaf (July 30, 1857 – April 15, 1933) was an American landscape architect and civil engineer.
 Early in his career, he was a well-known landscape architect who designed the gardens and grounds of many large estates in Connecticut, New Jersey, and New York.
 He was appointed to the United States Commission of Fine Arts in 1918, and served until 1927.
 He was the landscape architect for the Lincoln Memorial (finished in 1922), and a consulting landscape architect for the Arlington Memorial Bridge (designed in 1925 and finished in 1932).
The Military Working Dog Teams National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas.
 It was founded by John C. Burnam, published author and Vietnam Veteran Infantryman and German Shepherd Scout Dog Handler (1966-1968).
 The monument was designed by the John Burnam Monument Foundation.
 It represents all wars since World War II and all five U.S. Armed Services (Army, Marines, Navy Air Force, and Coast Guard).
 The monument grounds encompass a 3,000 square feet granite plaza, granite pedestals, granite history wall, and granite benches.
 The granite pedestals have large bronze statues of dogs and handlers.
 Cost of construction was provided by corporate sponsors and public donations raised by the John Burnam Memorial Foundation.
 The monument was dedicated during a formal military ceremony on October 28, 2013.
 One of the inscriptions reads: "Dedicated to all U.S. Military Working Dog Handlers and their beloved dogs who defend America from harm, defeat the enemy, and save lives."
