Geoffrey Roy Rush {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 July 1951) is an Australian actor and film producer.
 Rush is the youngest amongst the few people who have won the "Triple Crown of Acting": the Academy Award, the Primetime Emmy Award, and the Tony Award.
 He has won one Academy Award for acting (from four nominations), three British Academy Film Awards (from five nominations), two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. Rush is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year.
 He is also the first actor to win the Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Critics' Choice Movie Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for a single performance in film for his performance in "Shine" (1996).
Intolerable Cruelty is a 2003 American romantic comedy film directed and co-written by Joel and Ethan Coen, and produced by Brian Grazer and the Coens.
 The script was written by Robert Ramsey and Matthew Stone & Ethan and Joel Coen, with the latter writing the last draft of the screenplay, about divorce and lawyers in Los Angeles.
 The film stars George Clooney, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Geoffrey Rush, Cedric the Entertainer, Edward Herrmann, Paul Adelstein, Richard Jenkins and Billy Bob Thornton.
Shine is a 1996 Australian biographical drama film based on the life of pianist David Helfgott, who suffered a mental breakdown and spent years in institutions.
 It stars Geoffrey Rush, Lynn Redgrave, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Noah Taylor, John Gielgud, Googie Withers, Justin Braine, Sonia Todd, Nicholas Bell, Chris Haywood and Alex Rafalowicz.
 The screenplay was written by Jan Sardi, and directed by Scott Hicks.
 The film made its US premiere at the Sundance Film Festival.
 In 1997, Geoffrey Rush was awarded the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 69th Academy Awards for his performance in the lead role.
Paul Adelstein (born April 29, 1969) is an American television and film actor, best known for the role of Agent Paul Kellerman in the Fox television series "Prison Break" and his role as pediatrician Cooper Freedman in the ABC medical drama "Private Practice".
 In addition to supporting roles in films such as "Intolerable Cruelty" and "Memoirs of a Geisha", he is also known for his recurring role as Leo Bergen on ABC's "Scandal" and as Jake Novak in the Bravo television series "Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce".
John Bliss (October 8, 1930 – February 28, 2008) was an American actor known for playing the role of the 8th grade Social Studies teacher and former Principal Irving Pal on "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide".
 He was also seen in the first episode of "Out of Jimmy's Head".
 He fondly remembered George Clooney, and how George was so polite and called him "Mr. Bliss" and offered him food on the set of "Intolerable Cruelty", in which they both appeared.
Nicholas Shaffer is an American television and film actor.
 He has appeared in such TV shows as "LAX", "Coach", "", "Murder, She Wrote" and films such as "Intolerable Cruelty" and the comedy film spoof "".
Gaurav Bajaj (born 16th November 1990) is an Indian film actor and producer "Notorious Owl Pictures".
 He is a very well known actor in Indian Film and TV Industry and has appeared in several TVCs for brands like Mentos, HSBC bank, Snickers, Close-up, Pepsi, Microsoft, Adidas, Minute Maid, Cornetto, TVS, 8PM and many more.
 He has done films such as "Phir Kabhi", "Tor Naam", "Kirkit" and "Vroom".
 He is now actively working in various Tv shows, known for their experimental content.
 Gaurav has worked with some of the biggest names in the industry like Pradeep Sarkaar, Shad Ali, VKP, Abhinay Deol etc.
 His production house successfully made India's first youth based Webshow "BTW".
 They are also engaged in producing short films, and have co-produced show named "Bad Company" with Lost Boy Productions.
Rosie Fellner is an English/Irish actress and film producer.
 Fellner’s first foray into the spotlight was on the cult TV show "The Fast Show", which featured celebrity guest stars, such as Johnny Depp.
 Fellner also received attention for the popular British series, "The Alan Clarke Diaries", for her portrayal of Joei Harkness, whose love affair with John Hurt's character causes a scandal.
 In addition, she notably appeared with Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon in the series, "The Trip To Italy", as well as the movie version.
 Fellner has worked as an actress on TV, film, radio and on the stage, starring with Kate Beckinsale, Sean Bean, Robert De Niro, Geoffrey Rush, Heather Graham, and Jacqueline Bisset.
 Fellner co-founded the production company, Rosebud Pictures, with her husband, Adrian Vitoria.
Freighters of Destiny is a 1931 American Pre-Code Western produced and directed by American film editor Fred Allen, from a screenplay by Adele Buffington.
 Allen had started in the film industry as an editor in the early 1920s during the silent era.
 In the early 1930s, he was given the opportunity to direct.
 "Freighters" was his first film at the helm.
 The film stars Tom Keene, a well known actor of B-films.
J. Todd Anderson is a storyboard artist who has worked primarily with the Coen brothers, but also with an array of other filmmakers.
 He also, along with film archivist and friend George Willeman and WYSO D.J. Niki Dakota, produces Filmically Perfect.
 He made his directorial debut in 1998 with the film "The Naked Man".
 A few years later, he served as Second Unit Director on the Coen brothers' Intolerable Cruelty, which earned him membership in the Directors Guild of America.
