We Are Smug is a collaborative studio album recorded by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes and producer and songwriter Robert Conley under the pseudonym We Are Smug.
 Originally intended as an anonymous secret side project for Hayes to experiment with new sounds, the album was given away for free for a limited period via digital download as a gift to fans on Hayes' birthday on 8 May 2009 but all free links have since been removed.
 Hayes has recently said he intends to commercially release the album with a bonus song at some point in the future.
 The album is an eclectic and experimental vehicle where Hayes adopted various personas and experimented with vocal delivery and genre in a way he had never done as a mainstream artist.
 It is unique as a recording because Hayes shares vocal duties with Conley, sometimes swapping out the lead for backing vocals.
 Hayes takes the lead on about half the album at varying times changing his voice, alternating between a high falsetto, a lower raspy tone, experimenting with hip hop and beach boys styled harmonies.
Arturo O'Farrill (born June 22, 1960) is a jazz musician, the son of Latin jazz musician, arranger and bandleader Chico O'Farrill, and current pianist, composer, and director for the Afro Latin Jazz Orchestra.
 He is best known for his contributions to contemporary Latin jazz (more specifically Afro-Cuban jazz), having received two Grammy Awards and four Grammy nominations for his work in the genre, though he has also trained in other musical forms such as free jazz and even experimented briefly with hip hop.
Strange Fruit is a 1944 bestselling novel debut by American author Lillian Smith that dealt with the then-forbidden and controversial theme of interracial romance.
 The title was originally "Jordan is so Chilly", with Smith later changing the title to "Strange Fruit".
 In her autobiography, singer Billie Holiday wrote that Smith chose to name the book after her song "Strange Fruit", which was about the lynching and racism against African-Americans, although Smith maintained that the book's title referred to the "damaged, twisted people (both black and white) who are the products or results of our racist culture."
"Forbidden Fruit" is a song by American hip hop recording artist J. Cole.
 The song was sent to radio stations in August 2013, as the third official single from Cole's second studio album, "Born Sinner" (2013).
 "Forbidden Fruit" was produced by Cole himself and features a guest appearance from frequent collaborator and fellow American rapper Kendrick Lamar, who contributes vocals to the song's hook.
 The song features a sample of American jazz musician Ronnie Foster's "Mystic Brew", most recognized from its use on hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest's "Electric Relaxation".
 The song was met with mixed reviews from music critics. "Forbidden Fruit" would peak at number 46 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
"The Way I Rock My Clothes" is a single released by Hip-hop artist/Producer Funkghost.
 The song was released February 17, 2009 on Grand Extravagant Ent.
 The music video for "The Way I Rock My Clothes" was shot and released in late February 2009 to positive reviews.
 The song was produced by Symbolyc One of Strange Fruit Project.
 "The Way I Rock My Clothes" has been well received by critics and has since garnered mixshow airplay on FM stations across The United States.
The Healing is the third album by underground hip hop group Strange Fruit Project, released July 25, 2006 on Om Records.
 The album was generally well-received, and drew the group comparisons to underground peers like Little Brother.
 The release was beloved by underground fans for its "Golden Age" style similar to that of the Native Tongues Posse, with Jazzy production and socially conscious lyrical content.
 Allmusic gave the album a 3⁄ Star rating, and stated:
Larry Darnell Griffin Jr., professionally known as Symbolyc One or S1, is an American record producer from Waco, Texas.
 He founded the group Strange Fruit Project and is signed to Kanye West's Very GOOD Beats as a producer.
Strange Fruit Project is an underground hip hop group from Waco, Texas, which consists of producer and emcee Symbolyc One (also known as S1, born Larry D. Griffin Jr.), his cousin emcee Myth (short for Mythological, born Kevin Gaither) and emcee Myone (pronounced "My Own", born Anthony Ligawa, originally from Indiana).
 The trio officially debuted in 2004, with a pair of underground releases, "Soul Travelin" and "From Divine".
 Their biggest exposure came with the release of their acclaimed 2006 album "The Healing".
 The group's name is derived from the Billie Holiday civil rights song "Strange Fruit".
The Dream Merchant Vol.
 2 is the second compilation album from producer 9th Wonder, formerly of Little Brother.
 It was released on October 9, 2007 through Sixhole Records.
 The album has guest appearances by his former group, Little Brother, his fellow Justus League members, Sean Price, Big Dho, L.E.G.A.C.Y., Chaundon, Skyzoo, Keisha Shontelle, Big Treal, The A.L.L.I.E.S., Jozeemo, Tyler Woods, Joe Scudda, Buckshot, Sean Boog, D.O.X., O-Dash, Buddy Klein & Median, also outside performers (including some who 9th worked with) including Torae, Mos Def, Memphis Bleek, Jean Grae, Royce Da 5'9, Vandalyzm, Naledge (½ of Kidz In The Hall), Saigon, Camp Lo, Ness (of Da Band), Strange Fruit Project & Natural Born Spittas.
 The album is also marks the debut of then-unknown MC, Rapsody.
Eleanora Fagan (April 7, 1915 – July 17, 1959), professionally known as Billie Holiday, was an American jazz musician and singer-songwriter with a career spanning nearly thirty years.
 Nicknamed "Lady Day" by her friend and music partner Lester Young, Holiday had a seminal influence on jazz music and pop singing.
 Her vocal style, strongly inspired by jazz instrumentalists, pioneered a new way of manipulating phrasing and tempo.
 She was known for her vocal delivery and improvisational skills, which made up for her limited range and lack of formal music education.
 There were other jazz singers with comparable talent, but Holiday had a voice that captured the attention of her audience.
