Norwegian Air Shuttle is a low-cost airline operating from Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Spain and the United Kingdom.
 As of December 2012, it operates to 87 airports in 25 countries across three continents, from its operating bases.
 Norwegian was founded in 1993 as a regional airline to operate routes for Braathens SAFE in Western Norway.
 It became a domestic, main-haul low-cost carrier from 1 September 2002, when it took into use Boeing 737-300.
 In 2006, Norwegian Air Shuttle established its first non-Norwegian base at Warsaw Frédéric Chopin Airport in Poland.
 A year later, Norwegian bought the Swedish low-cost carrier FlyNordic, which was merged into Norwegian a year later.
SAS Braathens was the name of Norway's largest airline, created by a merger between Scandinavian Airlines' Norwegian division and Braathens in 2004.
 On June 1, 2007, the airline was integrated into mainline SAS, and changed its name to SAS Scandinavian Airlines Norge.
 The airline operated from its hub at Oslo Airport, Gardermoen, and was also the largest national branch of Scandinavian Airlines.
 SAS Braathens had its head office in Diamanten on the grounds of Fornebu Airport in Fornebu, Bærum, Norway.
Legal name is the name that identifies a person for legal, administrative and other official purposes.
 A person's first legal name generally is the name of the person that was given for the purpose of registration of the birth and which then appears on a birth certificate (see "birth name"), but may change subsequently.
 Most jurisdictions require the use of a legal name for all legal and administrative purposes, and some jurisdictions permit or require a name change to be recorded at marriage.
 The legal name may need to be used on various government issued documents (e.g., a court order).
 The term is also used when an individual changes his/her first or full name, typically after reaching a certain legal age (usually eighteen or over, though it can be as low as fourteen in several European nations).
From March 2003, Star Search 2003 began its 3-nationwide talent search for individuals with star potential in Singapore, Malaysia and China.
 Auditions have been carried out in each of the 3 countries and training for the shortlisted star wannabes are ongoing.
 Each of the 3 countries will then select 4 Star Search contestants (2 male, 2 female) to compete at the Grand Finals on June 29 in Singapore.
The publishers of her first novel felt that "Eluki Bes Shahar" (her legal name at the time) sounded insufficiently English to attract readers, so she adopted the pen-name Rosemary Edghill, which became her legal name in 2004.
 Her sister, a reference librarian, writes as India Edghill.
Braathens SAFE's domestic market was deregulated on 1 April 1994.
 Since then, any airline within the European Economic Area is free to operate any domestic or international route.
 Braathens rejected a proposal from the main competitor Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) for a merger; instead the helicopter division was sold and the company listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
 New routes were opened from Oslo Airport, Fornebu to Bodø, Harstad/Narvik and Tromsø, but the routes from Bergen to these cities were terminated.
 International routes to Rome, Nice and Jersey were introduced.
 In 1996, Braathens SAFE bought Sweden's second-largest airline, Transwede, and started flying on the Oslo–Stockholm route.
 The following year, Transwede, with its five domestic routes, was merged into Braathens SAFE.
 The same year, KLM bought 30% of Braathens SAFE and the airlines started a partnership.
Braathens Helikopter A/S was a Norwegian helicopter airline based at Stavanger Airport, Sola, and Bergen Airport, Flesland.
 It used a fleet of seven Aérospatiale Super Pumas to serve offshore oil platforms in the North Sea.
 The customers were Phillips Petroleum, Norsk Hydro, Statoil, Amoco and British Petroleum, serving their oil fields Ekofisk, Oseberg, Gullfaks, Veslefrikk, Valhall, Ula and Gyda.
 Braathens Helikopter operated from 1989 to 1993, after which it was sold to and merged with the main competitor, Helikopter Service.
 Braathens Helikopter was owned by Ludvig G. Braathens Rederi and was a sister company of the airline Braathens SAFE.
Braathens, until 1998 known as Braathens SAFE, was a Norwegian scheduled and charter airline which operated between 1946 and 2004.
 The airline had 118 aircraft of 15 types, consisting of three or more models each from Douglas, Fokker and Boeing, as well as the de Havilland Heron and British Aerospace 146.
 The Boeing 737-200, with 20, was the most bought type.
 Braathens operated five variants of the 737, totaling 64 aircraft.
 Two aircraft were involved in hull-loss accidents.
Braathens (until 1998 known as Braathens SAFE) was a Norwegian scheduled and charter airline that operated from 1946 to 2004.
 The airline used 53 airports serving 50 destinations, 23 of which were in Norway and 6 in Sweden.
 Braathens provided international services to 24 airports serving 22 cities in 17 countries.
 Seven of these cities are in Asia, the rest in Europe.
 In addition, Braathens served numerous destinations as both a regular and an ad-hoc charter airline.
 Braathens' main hubs were Oslo Airport, Fornebu (1949–98), Oslo Airport, Gardermoen (1998–2007) and Stockholm Arlanda Airport (1997–99).
 The main technical base was at Stavanger Airport, Sola.
Braathens ASA, until 1997 Braathens South American & Far East Airtransport A/S and trading as Braathens SAFE, was a Norwegian airline which operated from 1946 until it merged with Scandinavian Airlines Norway (SAS) in 2004 to become SAS Braathens.
 For most of its history, Braathens was the largest domestic airline in Norway, but did not operate an international network for many years.
 Its main hubs were Oslo Airport, Fornebu and later Oslo Airport, Gardermoen, and briefly Stockholm-Arlanda Airport.
 The airline operated 118 aircraft of 15 models, the majority of aircraft which have been variations of the Boeing 737.
 Braathens served 53 airports and 50 cities with scheduled services through its history.
