Swati Sen is an Indian film actress born in Nagpur, Maharashtra, most known for her roles in "Udedh Bun", which won the Silver Bear for Best Short Film at the 2008 Berlin International Film Festival, and the National Film Award-winning "Antardwand" (2010), which won her critical acclaim as well as Best Actress MAMI.
Sara Botsford (born August 4, 1951) is a Canadian television and film actress.
 She plays Marilla in the 2016 "Anne of Green Gables" TV movie, opposite Martin Sheen, and plays Lady Covington in the Nickelodeon YTV series "RIDE".
 She is probably best known for her role of Ann Hildebrand in the television series "E.N.G." for which she won a Gemini Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role.
 Prior to that role, her most remembered role would be the wickedly evil character of Lillith McKechnie, AKA Isabella, on the daytime drama "As the World Turns" from 1988 to 1990.
 In "Dangerous Offender: The Marlene Moore Story" (1996), she portrayed Marlene Moore's (Brooke Johnson) lawyer.
 In 2002 she portrayed Kathleen Sinclair in the TV movie "Trudeau" about the life of the late Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau.
 In 2003 she appeared in "Burn: The Robert Wraight Story".
Gina Pareño (born "Geraldine Acthley", October 20, 1949) is a Filipino actress born to a German-American father and a Filipina mother.
 She started her career in the 1960s as an extra in several films and then later on became one of the artists of Sampaguita Pictures.
 In 2006, she gained international recognition for her role in "Kubrador" ("The Bet Collector") wherein she won the Best Actress award at the Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema and at the Brussels International Independent Film Festival.
 Pareño also won the Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Supporting Actress as an outspoken and brash mother in the movie "Kasal, Kasali, Kasalo" and then later on received accolades for the same film and category in the FAMAS Awards as well as the Film Academy of the Philippines Awards in that same year.
Julie Ordon (born June 27, 1984) is a Swiss model and actress born in Geneva, Switzerland.
Daniela Paz Castillo Vicuña (born September 26, 1984 in Santiago) is a Chilean female pop singer and actress born in Santiago.
 She debuted in 2002 as a solo artist on the Chilean TV show "Rojo: Fama Contra Fama".
 She studied four years at the Alicia Puccio Academy where she met the casting crew for the TV show "Rojo".
 Although she did not win first place in the singer talent contest, she became very popular due to her voice.
Evelina Anima Simonaho is a Swedish actress born in Falkenberg 1984.
Lisa E. Wilcox (born April 27, 1964) is an American actress and designer.
 She made her film debut in the 1984 film "Gimme an 'F'".
 Wilcox is best known for her role as Alice Johnson in "" (1988) and the 1989 sequel "".
 Wilcox is also known for her role as Yuta in an episode of "" called "The Vengeance Factor" (1989).
 She subsequently starred in "Men Seeking Women" (1997), "Watchers Reborn" (1998), "Clinger" (2015), and "The Church" (2016).
 Wilcox has had guest appearances on several television series, such as "Knots Landing" (1989), "Boy Meets World" (1993-95), as well as a lead role on "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventures" (1992).
 In 2009, Wilcox portrayed Nurse Owens in the web series "Fear Clinic".
 In 2010, Wilcox appeared as herself in the documentary "".
Kishore Dang (born 1 July 1958) is an Indian director.
 He has had a 30-year long career in TV shows, production and film making.
 Dang was also a member of the Jury of the 53rd National Film Awards organized by the Government of India.
 Dang has been associated with foreign films such as Gandhi (film), The Far Pavilions, Kim (1984 film), Mountbatten: The Last Viceroy, The Deceivers, The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles, In Custody and The Jungle Book.
 He has been associated with the Theatre Group “Ank” for four years that was led by Mr. Dinesh Thakur.
 His famous shows include Maila Aanchal, Nooriee, Uttarkatha, Humsafar The Train, Detective Karan and Faujji...The Iron Man.
 He has also directed a documentary film called Kab Tak that participated in Mumbai International Film Festival 2012.
 Other films include Aakhri Dastak - a film made for the Indian Army.
Marlene, also known in Germany as Marlene Dietrich - Porträt eines Mythos, is a 1984 documentary film made by Maximilian Schell about the legendary film star Marlene Dietrich.
 It was made by Bayerischer Rundfunk (BR) and OKO-Film and released by Futura Film, Munich and Alive Films, (USA).
Madhuri Dixit is an Indian actress known for her work in Bollywood films.
 She made her acting debut with the role of a young bride in the 1984 film "Abodh".
 Dixit went on to appear in several films over the next two years, including the dramas "Awara Baap" (1985) and "Swati" (1986), though none of them garnered her much recognition.
 Her breakthrough role came in 1988 with N. Chandra's thriller "Tezaab", the highest-grossing film of that year.
 "Ek Do Teen", a dance number that she performed in the film, was widely popular.
 She continued to play the lead in the commercially successful action-dramas "Ram Lakhan" (1989), "Tridev" (1989), and "Kishen Kanhaiya" (1990).
 The role of a wealthy brat in the 1990 romantic drama "Dil" earned Dixit her first Filmfare Award for Best Actress.
 The following year, she starred in "Saajan", and won a second Best Actress award at Filmfare for playing a woman who rebels against her manipulative mother-in-law in the drama "Beta".
