Al-Hakim I (Arabic: الحاكم بأمر الله الأول‎ ‎ ) Abu al-'Abbas Ahmad ibn Abi 'Ali al-Hasan held the position of the Abbasid Caliph of Cairo, Mamluk Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1262 and 1302.
 He was an alleged great-great-great grandson of the Abbasid Caliph al-Mustarshid, who had died in 1135.
 When Baghdad fell to the Mongols in 1258, al-Hakim I escaped to Damascus where he befriended the Arab tribal chief 'Isa ibn al-Muhanna, who tried to set him up as caliph, but in the confusion surrounding the Mongol invasion of Syria in 1259-1260, he ended up in Aleppo, where he was proclaimed.
 However, the much closer and probably genuine uncle of the last Abbasid caliph al-Musta'sim, al-Mustansir II, was proclaimed caliph in Cairo in 1261.
 Al-Hakim I joined al-Mustansir II's invasion of Iraq, also submitting to al-Mustansir II as caliph, but the latter was slain with most of the invaders near Hīt in Iraq by the Mongols.
 Only about fifty troops escaped with al-Hakim, who, making his way back to Cairo and after a careful scrutiny of his genealogical claim to be an Abbasid, was proclaimed caliph in succession to al-Mustansir in 1262.
 Since al-Hakim's connection with the Abbasids is distant and faint, it cannot now be known whether he was really from that family as he claimed or not.
 In any case, al-Hakim I had no further adventures, served as a legitimating and ceremonial functionary for the Mamluk sultans in Cairo, reigned for thirty-nine years, and became the progenitor of all the subsequent Abbasid caliphs of Cairo, whether he was really an Abbasid or not.
 Although he was kept in office after 1262, the Mamluk sultans kept him as a virtual prisoner in the citadel, until Sultan Lajin released him in December 1296, allowing him to live in a house in the city and giving him a bigger financial emolument.
Hans Hermann von Katte (28 February 1704 – 6 November 1730) was a Lieutenant of the Prussian Army and the friend of the future King Frederick II of Prussia, who was at the time the Crown Prince.
 He was executed by Frederick's father King Frederick William I of Prussia when Frederick II plotted to escape from the Kingdom of Prussia to the Kingdom of Great Britain.
 Some believe that Frederick intended to defect to the service of George II of Great Britain (Frederick William's maternal first cousin and Frederick's maternal uncle) and possibly return to Prussia to depose Frederick William.
Khachik II was the Catholicos of the Armenian Apostolic Church between 1058 and 1065.
 He succeeded his uncle Peter I of Armenia still in the city of Ani.
 He was summoned to Constantinople on the assumption that his uncle had been in possession of the treasures of the Armenian kings which the emperor wanted, but Peter did not have any of it.
 Khachik remained there for three years and the emperor tried to get the Armenians to switch to using the Greek religious rites.
 The clergy drew up a statement that they would never submit to the Greek rite, causing the Byzantines to look upon the Armenians as infidels.
Uncle Chichi (c. 1985 - 17 January 2012) was the unofficial world's oldest dog from December 2011 until his death on 17 January 2012.
 Due to lost birth records, Chichi was not recognized by the "Guinness Book of World Records".
 Uncle Chichi's owners tried to find old veterinary documentation in 2010, but instead learned that the records had been purged.
 According to the Los Feliz Small Animal Hospital, where Chichi was examined in 2007, his birthdate was self-reported as 15 January 1988.
Butautas (baptized "Henryk"; died on May 7, 1380 in Prague) was a son of Kęstutis, Grand Duke of Lithuania.
 He attempted to depose his uncle Algirdas and usurp power in Lithuania, but failed and was forced into exile.
 He joined the court of the Holy Roman Emperor and even inspired a poem about conversion to Christianity.
 Butautas is sometimes confused with his brother Vaidotas.
Kirill Zhandarov was born 29 March 1983 in the town of Lomonosov (the Petrodvorets district of Leningrad) in the family, which has nothing to do with art.
 In school he performed on stage the literary globe theatre.
 In high school played for the school team of KVN, traveled with performances in many cities of Russia.
 Relatives to his son's passion for theater was skeptical and tried to persuade Cyril to go to law, but in 2000 he enrolled at the St. Petersburg Academy of theatrical art (SPBGATI), from which he graduated in 2004, the rate of S. I. Parshin.
 As a student, played on the stage of the educational theater on Mokhovaya.
 In 2004-2005 he worked in the Moscow theater of Roman Viktyuk.
 However, as he said in an interview in Moscow felt uncomfortable and in 2006 he returned to his hometown.
 Began performing at the Bolshoi drama theater.
 G. A. Tovstonogov.
 Theatre work in the BDT them.
 G. Tovstonogova: 2007 - "A Whim!"
 (A. N. Ostrovsky, P. M. Nevezhin; dir.
 R. G. Trostyanetsky) - Barkalov; 2007 - "the Night before Christmas" (N.In.
 Gogol, dir.
 N. N. Pinigin) - Lad; 2008 - "uncle's dream" (Dostoevsky, dir.
 T. N. Chkheidze) - Mozglyakov; 2010 - "School of taxpayers" (p. Bernal, J. Burr; dir.
 N. N. Pinigin) - Raymond Giroux.
 While working in Moscow appeared the advertisement of chewing gum Stimorol - smile Cyril was broadcast across the country.
 In the movie debuted in 2003 in the series of Director Dmitry svetozarova "Three colors of love", playing Sam's (Sergey Samohvalova).
 The first success came in 2007 when he starred in the debut work of Director Anna GRES "Milkmaid of hatsapetovki".
 In the series he played a major role - Dima Bulychev.
 In the movie he sang the song, music and words which he wrote.
 Next was work in the film "And still I love...", "Hope as evidence of life", "Night visitors", "Tomorrow begins today", "provincial", "Breathe with me", "Dostoevsky", "A4 Format" and many others.
 Zhandarov is recognized that not all of the roles he played were in awe, often had to agree to just earn: "in my position, probably, do not choose: BDT me as the lead young actor was paid 12 thousand.
 I safe place paid 17 thousand.
 How to live?
.
."
 Initially the actor began to develop the role of hero-lover, but he managed to get away from him.
 Beat a lot of villains and negative characters.
 Gradually he has gained a lot of diverse roles.
 "I went from the image of the hero-lover, imposed by the channels.
 My filmography has become more distinguishing roles," says the actor.
 "When I was playing villains.
 At first I liked it, and then tired.
 And I continued to offer such characters.
 Tried a specific role.
 But goodie for me was not particularly interesting," notes Zhandarov.
 According to the actor, he wants to play a man who takes revenge: "it is not necessary to be a negative character, but they should move the feeling of revenge.
 I'm interested in the psychology of the hero."
Zhangsun Wuji (died 659), courtesy name Fuji, formally the Duke of Zhao (趙公 ), was a Chinese official who served as a chancellor in the early Tang dynasty.
 He was Empress Zhangsun's brother, which made him a brother-in-law of Emperor Taizong (Li Shimin) and a maternal uncle of Emperor Gaozong (Li Zhi).
 He was an important advisor to Li Shimin when the latter was still the Prince of Qin during the reign of his father, Emperor Gaozu.
 He helped Li Shimin overcome his brothers Li Jiancheng (the Crown Prince) and Li Yuanji (the Prince of Qi) in a succession struggle at the Xuanwu Gate Incident, eventually enabling Li Shimin to become the heir apparent and later the emperor.
 He was also instrumental in Emperor Taizong's selection of Li Zhi as the Crown Prince, and was exceedingly powerful after Li Zhi took the throne as Emperor Gaozong.
 However, he gradually fell out of his nephew's favour by failing to support Emperor Gaozong's decision to depose his first wife, Empress Wang, and replacing her with Empress Wu.
 In 659, Zhangsun Wuji was falsely accused of treason by Empress Wu's political ally, Xu Jingzong, and eventually ordered to be sent into exile by Emperor Gaozong.
 Xu Jingzong subsequently sent the official Yuan Gongyu (袁公瑜) to force Zhangsun Wuji to commit suicide on his way to exile.
Ariarathes IX Eusebes Philopator (Ancient Greek: Ἀριαράθης Εὐσεβής Φιλοπάτωρ , Ariaráthēs Eusebḗs Philopátōr; reigned ca. 101–89 BC or 96 BC–95 BC), was made king of Cappadocia by his father King Mithridates VI of Pontus after the assassination of Ariarathes VII of Cappadocia.
 Since he was only eight years old, he was put under the regency of the Cappadocian Gordius.
 He was early overthrown by a rebellion by the Cappadocian nobility who replaced him with Ariarathes VIII of Cappadocia, whom Mithridates promptly expelled, restoring Ariarathes IX.
 In 95 BC the Roman Senate ordered to depose him and, after a short period of direct Pontic rule, a brief restoration of Ariarathes VIII and an attempt of instauration of a Republic, put in his place a man chosen by the Cappadocians, who rejected the idea of a Republic: the choice fell on Ariobarzanes I Philoromaios, who was expelled by Mithridates's ally Tigranes the Great, bringing to the brief restoration of Ariarathes IX, who was deposed once again by the Romans in 89 BC.
 Two years later, in 87 BC, Ariarathes IX died fighting for his father in Thessaly.
The Lithuanian Civil War of 1389–92 was the second civil conflict between Jogaila, King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, and his cousin Vytautas.
 At issue was control of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, then the largest state in Europe.
 Jogaila had been crowned King of Poland in 1386; he installed his brother Skirgaila as ruler of Lithuania.
 Skirgaila proved unpopular and Vytautas attempted to depose him.
 When his first attempt to take the capital city of Vilnius failed, Vytautas forged an alliance with the Teutonic Knights, their common enemy – just as both cousins had done during the Lithuanian Civil War between 1381 and 1384.
 Vytautas and the Knights unsuccessfully besieged Vilnius in 1390.
 Over the next two years it became clear that neither side could achieve a quick victory, and Jogaila proposed a compromise: Vytautas would become Grand Duke and Jogaila would remain Superior Duke.
 This proposal was formalized in the Ostrów Agreement of 1392, and Vytautas turned against the Knights.
 He went on to reign as Grand Duke of Lithuania for 38 years, and the cousins remained at peace.
Liu Yanzuo (劉延祚) was a son of the late Chinese Tang Dynasty/early Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period warlord Liu Shouwen, the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Yichang Circuit (義昌, headquartered in modern Cangzhou, Hebei), who tried to defend Yichang against the attacks of his uncle Liu Shouguang after his father was captured by his uncle in 909.
