Teacher's Pet (also known as Disney's Teacher's Pet) is an American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation and directed by Timothy Björklund.
 The series follows a 9-year-old boy and his dog who dresses up as a boy.
 Created by Gary Baseman, Bill Steinkellner and Cheri Steinkellner, it was broadcast on Disney's One Saturday Morning on ABC and later Toon Disney, from 2000 to 2002.
Teacher's Pet is a 1930 two-reel comedy short; part of the "Our Gang" (Little Rascals) series.
 It was produced by Hal Roach, directed by Robert F. McGowan, and originally released to theatres by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on October 11, 1930.
 It was the 101st "Our Gang" short to be released.
Michael Price is an American writer and producer, best known for his Emmy and Writers Guild award-winning work on "The Simpsons".
 Price is a writer and co-executive producer of the ABC series "Teacher's Pet".
 He served as a script consultant on "The Simpsons Movie" and wrote the acclaimed Lego Star Wars special, ""Lego Star Wars: The Padawan Menace"".
 He works at Lucasfilm writing and producing Lego Star Wars Franchise.
"Teacher's Pet" is a popular song written by Joe Lubin and published in 1958.
Rita Kogler Carver (born Rita Ann Kogler) is an American lighting designer, artist, director and teacher.
 Carver was born in North Tonawanda, NY on January 7, 1963.
 She currently resides in Upstate New York with her husband and numerous pet animals.
Teacher's Pet was a British strip appearing in the 1970s comic book "Cor!!
".
 The strip began in the first issue in June 1970, and usually appeared on colour on the back page.
 Norman Mansbridge drew it throughout.
Timothy Björklund, also known as Timothy Berglund, is an American artist, story writer, art director, and director of animated film and television from the United States.
 His sole movie to date, "Teacher's Pet", was nominated for a Golden Satellite Award in 2005.
"Teacher's Pet" is the fourth episode of the first season of the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
 The episode originally aired on March 24, 1997, attracting 2.0 million viewers.
 The episode was written by co-executive producer David Greenwalt and directed by Bruce Seth Green.
 The narrative follows the Scooby Gang following the death of the elderly biology teacher Doctor Gregory (William Monaghan).
"Good Old Days", is a 1930 tune written by Leroy Shield (October 2, 1893 - January 9, 1962) which was theme song for Hal Roach's Our Gang comedies, now known as The Little Rascals.
 The tune was originally written for "Teacher's Pet" where it was used repeatedly, and then was used in every subsequent Little Rascals comedy.
 The tune caught on immediately, and NBC network radio show Kaltenmeyer's Kindergarten also set lyrics to the melody.
 Laurel & Hardy used the tune in a prison schoolroom scene for their comedy Pardon Us.
 The tune was among those revived by modern Swing artists The Beau Hunks for their Leroy Shield tribute album in 1992.
Debra Jo Rupp (born February 24, 1951) is an American film and television actress, best known for her roles as Kitty Forman on the Fox sitcom "That '70s Show" and Alice Knight-Buffay on the third, fourth, and fifth seasons of "Friends".
 She voiced "Mary Helperman" in the animated series "Teacher's Pet" and its sequel film, as well as timid secretary Miss Patterson in "Big" (1988).
