An Autumn Afternoon (秋刀魚の味 , Sanma no aji , "The Taste of Mackerel Pike") is a 1962 Japanese drama film directed by Yasujirō Ozu.
 It stars Ozu regular Chishū Ryū as the patriarch of the Hirayama family who eventually realises that he has a duty to arrange a marriage for his daughter Michiko (Shima Iwashita).
 It was Ozu's last film; he died the following year.
Tokyo-Ga is a 1985 documentary film (shot in spring 1983) directed by Wim Wenders ostensibly about filmmaker Yasujirō Ozu.
 The film ranges from explicit focus on Ozu's filmmaking—Wenders interviews Ozu’s regular cinematographer, Yuharu Atsuta, and one of Ozu’s favorite actors, Chishū Ryū—to scenes of contemporary Tokyo such as pachinko and plastic food displays.
 Wenders introduces the film as a "diary on film."
 It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
Tokyo Twilight (東京暮色 , Tōkyō boshoku ) is a 1957 Japanese drama film by Yasujirō Ozu.
 It is the story of two sisters (played by Ineko Arima and Ozu regular Setsuko Hara) who are reunited with a mother who left them as children.
 The film is considered amongst Ozu's darkest postwar films; it is well received though lesser known.
Sword of Penitence (Zange no yaiba: 懺悔の刃 ) is a 1927 Japanese silent film written and directed by Yasujirō Ozu.
 It is the first film directed by Ozu and was also the first of his many collaborations with screenwriter Kogo Noda.
 It is a lost film.
 No script, negative or prints survive.
Yasujirō Ozu (小津 安二郎 , Ozu Yasujirō , 12 December 1903 – 12 December 1963) was a Japanese film director and screenwriter.
 He began his career during the era of silent films.
 Ozu first made a number of short comedies, before turning to more serious themes in the 1930s.
Ozu's Anti-Cinema (Japanese: 小津安二郎の反映画 , Hepburn: Ozu Yasujirō no han eiga ) is a 1998 book written by Yoshishige Yoshida (also called Kiju Yoshida), translated into English in 2003, and published by Center for Japanese Studies, University of Michigan.
 It included analysis and commentary on Yasujirō Ozu's films and film-making techniques.
A Mother Should be Loved (母を恋はずや , Haha o kowazuya ) is a 1934 Japanese film directed by Yasujirō Ozu, the first and last reels of which have been lost.
 Ozu had wanted to name the film "Tokyo Twilight", but studio executives preferred a title that referenced motherhood, a popular theme in Japanese cinema at the time of release.
I Was Born, But... (Japanese: 大人の見る絵本　生れてはみたけれど "Otona no miru ehon - Umarete wa mita keredo" "An Adult's Picture Book View — I Was Born, But...") is a 1932 black-and-white Japanese silent film directed by Yasujirō Ozu.
 It became the first of six Ozu films to win the Kinema Junpō Critics' Prize.
 Ozu later loosely remade the film as "Good Morning" (1959).
An Inn in Tokyo (東京の宿 , Tōkyō no yado ) is a 1935 silent film directed by Yasujirō Ozu.
 The film is Ozu's last extant silent film.
Late Spring (晩春 , Banshun ) is a 1949 Japanese drama film, directed by Yasujirō Ozu and produced by the Shochiku studio.
 It is based on the short novel "Father and Daughter" ("Chichi to musume") by the 20th-century novelist and critic Kazuo Hirotsu, and was adapted for the screen by Ozu and his frequent collaborator, screenwriter Kogo Noda.
 The film was written and shot during the Allied Powers' Occupation of Japan and was subject to the Occupation's official censorship requirements.
 It stars Chishū Ryū, who was featured in almost all of the director’s films, and Setsuko Hara, making her first of six appearances in Ozu’s work.
 It is the first installment of Ozu’s so-called “Noriko trilogy”—the others are "Early Summer" ("Bakushu", 1951) and "Tokyo Story" ("Tokyo Monogatari", 1953)—in each of which Hara portrays a young woman named Noriko, though the three Norikos are distinct, unrelated characters, linked primarily by their status as single women in postwar Japan.
