The transmitter/studio link (or TSL) of a radio station or television station is a return link which sends telemetry data from the remotely located radio transmitter or television transmitter back to the studio for monitoring purposes.
 The TSL may return the same way as the studio/transmitter link (STL), or it can be embedded in the station's regular broadcast signal as a subcarrier (for analog stations) or a separate data channel (for digital stations).
KHMY, known as "My 93-1" is an FM radio station based in Hutchinson, KS, broadcasting a Hot AC/Adult Top 40 format.
 Licensed to Pratt, Kansas, United States, the station serves the Hutchinson/Wichita area.
 The station is currently owned by Eagle Communications, Inc.
 The station has a transmitter located south of Plevna, Kansas.
A broadcast transmitter refers to an installation used for broadcasting, including radio transmitter or television transmitter equipment, the antenna, and often the location of the broadcasting station.
Situated on the summit of North Hessary Tor in Devon, England is an FM radio and television transmitter which uses as aerial a 196 m high guyed mast.
 It was built by the BBC in 1955 when a transmitter was needed to introduce 405 line television into Devon.
 It now carries a small UHF TV transmitter which serves Princetown and Dartmoor.
 FM radio transmissions began in 1956 and cover most of Devon and eastern parts of Cornwall.
 It is owned and operated by Arqiva.
KHBS-DT2 and KHOG-DT2 are the CW-affiliated television stations for Northwest Arkansas.
 The stations are second digital subchannels of the ABC-affiliates KHBS / KHOG-TV, which are both owned by Hearst Television.
 Over the air, KHBS-DT2 broadcasts a high-definition digital signal on UHF channel 21.2 from KHBS's transmitter located northwest of Poteau, Oklahoma.
 The station is also offered on Cox cable channel 22 in Fort Smith.
 KHOG-DT2 broadcasts an HD digital signal on UHF channel 15.2 from KHOG's transmitter located southeast of Fayetteville.
 It can be seen on Cox cable channel 4 in that city as well.
 KHBS-DT2 and KHOG-DT2 are known on-air together as the Arkansas CW.
 Their parent stations have studios on Ajax Avenue in Rogers.
WIBW-DT2 is a primary MyNetworkTV- and secondary MeTV-affiliated television station located in Topeka, Kansas, United States.
 It operates as a second digital subchannel of CBS affiliate WIBW-TV (channel 13), which is owned by Gray Television.
 Over-the-air, it broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on VHF channel 13.2 from a transmitter located on Windy Hill Road in Maple Hill.
 WIBW-TV maintains studio facilities located on Commerce Place (next to the interchange of I-70, I-470, US 40, US 75 and K-4) in southwestern Topeka.
This broadcast transmission site is located to the south of the city of Cork, Ireland, just North West of Cork airport, it has a cable-stayed mast 60m tall on an elevation of 137m ASL.
 The transmitter was initially opened in 1965 as a VHF relay of the main Mullaghanish television transmitter in County Cork.
 Later, FM radio transmitters were also added providing a relay of the national radio channels, and more recently, digital radio broadcasting (DAB) was started from the site.
 On its conversion to UHF television transmission in 1996, it became the main transmitter serving Cork city, carrying the four Irish analogue channels, RTÉ One (Ch53), RTÉ Two (Ch57), TV3 (Ch60), and TG4 (Ch63) at an effective radiated power of 20 kW.
 On 24 October 2012 all analogue television transmission ended in Ireland, and the station now provides the Irish DTT service Saorview to Cork city and environs.
 It is owned and operated by 2RN, a subsidiary of the Irish national broadcaster RTÉ.
KIH54 (sometimes referred to as Birmingham All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves the Birmingham-Hoover-Cullman Combined Statistical Area and surrounding cities.
 It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office in Calera, Alabama with its transmitter located in the same city, side-mounted on the transmitter tower of Birmingham local television station WTTO.
 It broadcasts weather and hazard information for the following counties: Bibb, Blount, Chilton, Coosa, Jefferson, Shelby, St. Clair, Tuscaloosa, and Walker.
 On April 23, 2014, it was reported that the transmitter had stopped operating, a cause for concern because central Alabama is predicted to be impacted by severe thunderstorms between approximately April 27 and April 30, and no NOAA Weather Radios in the broadcast area of KIH54 will sound for watches and warnings issued by the National Weather Service until the transmitter is repaired.
 On April 24, it was announced that a temporary, but much weaker, transmitter had been activated on the site of the main, inoperative transmitter.
 It is currently operating on the broadcast signal of KIH54, using the same call sign.
 The main transmitter has since been repaired and is fully operational.
KTMJ-CD, virtual and UHF digital channel 43, is a low-powered Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Topeka, Kansas, United States.
 The Class A-licensed station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, and is a sister station to NBC affiliate KSNT (channel 27); Nexstar also operates ABC affiliate KTKA-TV (channel 49) under shared services and joint sales agreements with owner Vaughan Media, LLC.
 All three stations share studio facilities located on Northwest 25th Street (US 24), near the Kiro section of Topeka; KTMJ-CD maintains transmitter facilities located between the Kansas River and I-70/US 40/US 75/KS 4 in Topeka.
KTVF is an NBC-affiliated television station located in Fairbanks, Alaska, United States.
 KTVF is owned by Gray Television, as the sister stations of Fox affiliate KFXF-LD and CBS affiliate KXDF-CD.
 The station broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 26 (or virtual channel 11 via PSIP) from a transmitter located on the Ester Dome.
 KTVF maintains separate studios located on International Drive in downtown Fairbanks.
 KTVF operates a digital fill-in translator on VHF channel 11 from a transmitter located at KFXF and KXDF-CD's studios on Braddock Street in downtown Fairbanks.
 This station is also used to provide full-market over-the-air high definition coverage of the low-powered Fox-affiliated KFXF-LD (simulcast over KTVF-DT2), as well as the low-powered CBS-affiliated KXDF-CD (simulcast over KTVF-DT3).
