The Queensland Greens is a Green party in the Australian state of Queensland, and a member of the federation of the Australian Greens.
 The party was founded on 22 September 1991 and made its electoral debut at the 1993 federal election.
 Larissa Waters was the party's environment and justice system spokesperson.
 She was the lead Senate candidate at the 2007 federal election and again at the 2010 federal election, in which she became the first Greens candidate elected in Queensland.
The Australian Young Greens is a federation of Young Greens groups from each Australian state and territory.
 Together they form the Youth Wing of the Australian Greens.
 Like the Australian Greens, the Australian Young Greens are underpinned by the four pillars of ecological sustainability, social justice, grassroots democracy and peace and non-violence.
Samuel Peter "Sam" Hibbins (born 18 February 1982) is an Australian politician.
 He has been an Australian Greens member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since November 2014, representing the electoral district of Prahran.
 Along with Ellen Sandell who won Melbourne at the same election, Hibbins was one of the first two Greens politicians elected to the Victorian lower house.
 Hibbins is also the first Greens candidate to gain a seat from a sitting Liberal MP.
Robert James "Bob" Brown (born 27 December 1944) is an Australian former politician, medical doctor, and environmentalist who is a former Senator, and former Parliamentary Leader of the Australian Greens.
 Brown was elected to the Australian Senate on the Tasmanian Greens ticket, joining with sitting Greens Western Australia senator Dee Margetts to form the first group of Australian Greens senators following the 1996 federal election.
 He was re-elected in 2001 and in 2007.
 He was the first openly gay member of the Parliament of Australia, and the first openly gay leader of an Australian political party.
Richard Luigi Di Natale (born 6 June 1970) is an Australian Senator and leader of the Australian Greens.
 Di Natale was elected to the Australian Senate in the 2010 federal election.
 A former general practitioner, he was the lead Greens Senate candidate in Victoria in the 2007 federal election but failed to win a seat.
 Di Natale became federal parliamentary leader of the Australian Greens on 6 May 2015 following the resignation of Christine Milne.
 Di Natale led the Greens at the 2 July 2016 federal election.
Dianne Hiles AM is an Australian activist and politician with the Australian Greens.
 As part of a long history in refugee rights activism, Dianne co-founded ChilOut which has advocated for the release of children and families from Immigration Detention centres for over 12 years.
 In recognition of her work with this organisation as well as with Amnesty International, Board of A Just Australia, the Evatt Foundation, and her dedication to a multitude of human rights issues, Hiles was invited to become a Member of the Order of Australia in 2010.
 In this year she also completed her Masters in Human Rights at the University of Sydney.
 Dianne is currently the Australian Greens candidate for the federal Division of Sydney.
Hall Barry Greenland (born 1944), is an Australian political activist.
 He participated in the Freedom Rides.
 He studied history at the University of Sydney in the 1960s and was a president of the Labor Club in 1964.
 As an editor of Honi Soit in 1966 he was highly critical of the war in Vietnam.
 During the 1970s he wrote for Rolling Stone and The Digger.
 He served on Leichhardt Council and is the recipient of a Walkley Award.
 In 2013 he was the Australian Greens candidate for Grayndler.
The Greens Western Australia is the state branch of the Australian Greens in Western Australia.
 The Greens (WA) was formed following the merger of the Western Australian Green Party with the Green Earth Alliance composed of the Vallentine Peace Group and Alternative Coalition in 1990.
 The Party became officially affiliated with the Australian Greens in 2003.
Adele Simone Carles (born 19 February 1968) is an Australian politician.
 She was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 2009 to 2013, representing the electorate of Fremantle.
 She was initially elected as a Greens WA member at the 2009 Fremantle state by-election, becoming the first Greens candidate to be elected to an Australian state lower house of parliament in a single-member seat.
 However, she resigned from the Greens on 6 May 2010 to sit as an independent.
 In November 2010, Carles agreed to guarantee confidence and supply votes for the incumbent Colin Barnett Liberal minority government.
 She ran for re-election as an independent at the 2013 state election, but was defeated, finishing fourth behind the Labor, Liberal and Greens candidates with 5.49% of the vote.
David Risstrom is a Melbourne barrister, a former Melbourne City councillor, and an unsuccessful Australian Greens candidate for the Australian Senate.
