The Battle of Port Cros was a battle of World War II fought off the French Riviera in the Mediterranean Sea on the island of Port-Cros.
 The battle began when a United States Navy warship encountered two German warships in August 1944 while supporting the Allied Operation Dragoon.
 It was one of the few surface engagements fought between the United States Navy and the German "Kriegsmarine".
 Later that day, the combined American and Canadian Devil's Brigade was dropped on the main island and captured the German-held positions.
Sergeant Terrence Begley (died 25 August 1864) was an Irish soldier who fought in the American Civil War.
 Begley was awarded the United States' highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action during the Battle of Cold Harbor in Cold Harbor, Virginia on 3 June 1864.
 He was honored posthumously with the award on 1 December 1864.
Cold Harbor is an unincorporated community in Hanover County, Virginia.
 The Battle of Cold Harbor was fought in the area in 1864, during the American Civil War.
John Lyras was a  GRT heavy lift ship that was built in 1942 as Empire Elaine by Vickers-Armstrongs Ltd, Barrow in Furness, Lancashire, United Kingdom for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT).
 She spent most of the Second World War serving in the Indian Ocean, although she did visit the Mediterranean to take part in Operation Husky and Operation Dragoon.
Operation Ferdinand was a military deception employed by the Allies during the Second World War.
 It formed part of Operation Bodyguard, a major strategic deception intended to misdirect and confuse German high command about Allied invasion plans during 1944.
 Ferdinand consisted of strategic and tactical deceptions intended to draw attention away from the Operation Dragoon landing areas in southern France by threatening an invasion of Genoa in Italy.
 Planned by Eugene Sweeney in June and July 1944 and operated until early September, it has been described as "quite the most successful of 'A' Force's strategic deceptions".
 It helped the Allies achieve complete tactical surprise in their landings and pinned down German troops in the Genoa region until late July.
Operation Dragoon (initially Operation Anvil) was the code name for the Allied invasion of Southern France on 15August 1944.
 The operation was initially planned to be executed in conjunction with Operation Overlord, the Allied landing in the Normandy, but the lack of available resources led to a cancellation of the second landing.
 By July 1944 the landing was reconsidered, as the clogged-up ports in Normandy did not have the capacity to adequately supply the Allied forces.
 Concurrently, the French High Command pushed for a revival of the operation that would include large numbers of French troops.
 As a result, the operation was finally approved in July to be executed in August.
USS "Augusta" (CL/CA-31) was a "Northampton"-class cruiser of the United States Navy, notable for service as a headquarters ship during Operation Torch, Operation Overlord, Operation Dragoon, and for her occasional use as a presidential flagship carrying both Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman under wartime conditions (including at the Newfoundland Conference).
 She was named after Augusta, Georgia, and was sponsored by Miss Evelyn McDaniel of that city.
Operation Romeo was a French World War II commando operation to disable German artillery atop the cliffs of Cap Nègre.
 The operation happened the evening before Operation Dragoon, the main invasion of Southern France.
 The force consisted of 800 French commandos of the "1er Commando Français de l'Afrique du Nord" (English:First French Commando of North Africa), commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Georges-Régis Bouvet.
 The attacking flotilla included the command ship HMCS "Prince David", HMCS "Prince Henry", HMS "Princess Beatrix", HMS "Prins Albert" and four U.S. Motor Torpedo Boats.
The British 2nd Parachute Brigade was part of the Operation Rugby airborne landings in August 1944.
 The operation was carried out by an ad hoc airborne formation called the 1st Airborne Task Force.
 Operation Rugby was itself part of the Operation Dragoon invasion of Southern France by the American 7th Army.
 The airborne task force landed in the River Argens valley with the objective of preventing German reinforcements from reaching the landing beaches.
 The landings were mainly an American operation and the brigade was the only British Army formation involved.
The Battle of La Ciotat was a naval engagement in August 1944 during World War II as part of Operation Dragoon.
 Allied forces, engaged at the main landings in Vichy France, ordered a small flotilla of American and British warships to make a feint against the port city of La Ciotat as a diversion.
 The Allies hoped to draw German forces away from the main landing zones at Cavalaire-sur-Mer, Saint-Tropez and Saint Raphaël.
 During the operation, two German warships attacked the Allied flotilla.
