"Lose My Mind" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brett Eldredge.
 It was released on May 4, 2015 as the first single from Eldredge's second studio album, "Illinois".
 Eldredge co-wrote the song with Ross Copperman and Heather Morgan.
 Writing credit is also given to CeeLo Green, Danger Mouse, Gian Franco Reverberi and Gian Piero Reverberi for a line borrowed from Gnarls Barkley's "Crazy".
 It received positive reviews from critics praising the mixture of both country and pop music elements.
Ross Copperman (born October 1, 1982) is a Grammy nominated American singer-songwriter and producer best known for his song "All She Wrote" which was released in the UK in the beginning of 2007 and "Holding On and Letting Go" which was featured in "The Vampire Diaries"( TVD) in 2011, "Drop Dead Diva" in 2013 and the series finale of "".
 Ross has written several #1 songs including: Brett Eldredge's "Beat of the Music", "Lose My Mind" and "Drunk on Your Love," Billy Currington's "Don't It", A Thousand Horses' "Smoke", Luke Bryan's "Strip It Down", Keith Urban's "" and "Break on Me", Justin Moore's "Point at You," Jake Owen's "American Country Love Song," Florida Georgia Line's "Confession)," LoCash's "I Know Somebody" and "Setting the World on Fire" by Kenny Chesney featuring P!nk.
 Copperman has also produced for several artists including: Keith Urban, Brett Eldredge, Dierks Bentley, Eli Young Band, Darius Rucker and Jake Owen among others.
 He was recently honored as 2016 ACM Songwriter of the Year, 2016 BMI Songwriter of the Year, and winner of a 2016 Double CMA Triple Play Award.
"The Long Way" is a song written and recorded by American country music singer Brett Eldredge for his self-titled third studio album (2017).
 Matt Rogers co-wrote the song, while Ross Copperman co-produced the song with Eldredge.
 It was first released digitally on May 12, 2017 as a promotional single for the album.
 "The Long Way" was serviced to American country radio on August 21, 2017 through Atlantic Records and Warner Music Nashville as the second official single from "Brett Eldredge".
"Tell Me Where to Park" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brett Eldredge.
 It was released in August 2013 as a promotional single from Eldredge's debut album, "Bring You Back."
 Eldredge wrote the song with Jon Nite and Greg Becker.
Brett Eldredge is the eponymous fourth studio album by American country music artist Brett Eldredge.
 It was released on August 4, 2017.
"Wanna Be That Song" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brett Eldredge.
 It was released on May 23, 2016 as the third and final single from Eldredge's second studio album, "Illinois".
 Eldredge wrote the song with Ross Copperman and Scooter Carusoe.
Heather Morgan is an American country music singer-songwriter from Richardson, Texas.
 After graduating from TCU, Heather signed her first publishing deal with Warner Chappell Music.
 Her songs have been featured on the TV show "Nashville" and recorded by Keith Urban, Brett Eldredge, Sara Evans, Eli Young Band, Maddie & Tae, and more.
 She is now a staff writer at Sony ATV Music, and had her first number 1 single in June 2014 with Brett Eldredge's "Beat of the Music".
 and was then awarded 2015 BMI Song of the Year.
 "Lose My Mind" was Heather's second number 1 single in October 2015.
 That year she was also nominated for Music Row's Breakthrough Songwriter of the Year Award, and took part as a songwriter in the 2015 ACM Lifting Lives Music Camp.
"Don't Ya" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brett Eldredge.
 It was released on October 8, 2012 as his third single and the second single from his debut studio album, "Bring You Back".
 Eldredge co-wrote the song with Chris DeStefano and Ashley Gorley.
"Drunk on Your Love" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brett Eldredge.
 It was released on November 9, 2015 as the second single from Eldredge's second studio album, "Illinois."
 Eldredge wrote the song with Ross Copperman.
Christopher Michael "Chris" DeStefano is a Grammy Award Winning American singer/songwriter, record producer and multi instrumentalist, raised in Mt. Laurel, New Jersey and currently residing in Nashville, Tennessee.
 As a songwriter, he has multiple #1 songs with artists Carrie Underwood (“Good Girl”, "Little Toy Guns"), Billy Currington (“Hey Girl”), Brett Eldredge ("Don't Ya"), Luke Bryan ("That's My Kind of Night", "Kick the Dust Up" ), Miranda Lambert & Carrie Underwood ("Somethin' Bad," later reworked as the opening theme for "NBC Sunday Night Football"), Rascal Flatts ("Rewind") and Jason Aldean ("Just Gettin' Started").
