Andy Williams' Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in early 1970 by Columbia Records.
 It was not, however, as its title might suggest, strictly a hit singles compilation, although some of his biggest songs since joining Columbia (such as the easy listening number ones "Can't Get Used to Losing You" and "Happy Heart") were included.
 A couple of selections ("Born Free" and "More") were never released as singles by Williams, and his signature song, "Moon River", was released in the 7-inch single format but only for jukeboxes.
 His six Cadence singles that made the Top 10 on "Billboard" magazine's Hot 100 are passed over for the inclusion of his number 11 hit from that label, "The Hawaiian Wedding Song", and 17 of his Columbia recordings that made the Hot 100 up until 1970 are left out here in favor of "Charade", which spent its one week on the chart at number 100.
Andy Williams Sings Steve Allen is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released late in 1956 by Cadence Records.
 This was his first LP and features songs written or co-written by then-"Tonight Show" host Steve Allen.
 The review of the album in the December 22 issue of "The Billboard" that year reads, "Cover shows only a photo of the singer with no copy and it might have been a better bet to identify the personality."
 The cover of the 1960 reissue of the album attempts to rectify this situation with the title presented in two lines of large capital letters that sandwich a headshot of Williams this time instead of the seated pose of the original.
We Need a Little Christmas is a Christmas album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released by Unison Music in 1995.
 It gives an adult contemporary treatment to songs that Williams had previously recorded for 1963's "The Andy Williams Christmas Album" ("Away In A Manger", "The Christmas Song (Chestnuts Roasting On An Open Fire)", "It's The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year", "Silent Night"), 1965's "Merry Christmas" ("Mary's Little Boy Child"), 1974's "Christmas Present" ("Angels We Have Heard On High", "Hark!
 The Herald Angels Sing", "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day", "What Child Is This"), and 1990's "I Still Believe in Santa Claus" ("I'll Be Home for Christmas") and includes three songs that Williams had not recorded before.
 In a brief note on the back of the jewel case Williams writes, "These all-new recordings feature fresh, innovative arrangements of some of my favorite carols.
 I felt like I was singing them for the very first time."
"Happy Heart" is a song written by James Last and Jackie Rae.
 Versions of the song Petula Clark and Andy Williams charted simultaneously in 1969 and had their best showings on "Billboard" magazine's Easy Listening chart, where Clark peaked at number 12 and Williams spent two weeks at number one.
"Hawaiian Wedding Song" is a traditional pop music song recorded by singer Andy Williams in 1959.
 It was adapted from a 1926 love song written by Charles E. King for his operetta, "The Prince of Hawaii".
 Originally titled "Ke Kali Nei Au" (Hawaiian for "Waiting Here for You"), Al Hoffman and Dick Manning translated the original Hawaiian words into English and renamed it "Hawaiian Wedding Song".
"Dear Heart" is a song written by Henry Mancini, Ray Evans, and Jay Livingston and performed by Andy Williams.
 The song reached #2 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart and #24 on the "Billboard" chart in 1964.
 It appears on the 1965 Andy Williams album, "Andy Williams' Dear Heart".
Get Together with Andy Williams is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released on October 6, 1969, by Columbia Records and contained covers of recent hits.
 The one new song was "You Are", which was written by Mac Davis.
"So Soon in the Morning" is a traditional religious song performed in 1959 by Joan Baez and Bill Wood on Baez's first album, "Folksingers 'Round Harvard Square".
 The duo sung it in a fast gospel tempo.
 The lyrics contain lines from a 19th-century hymn, "I heard the voice of Jesus say", written in 1846 by Horatius Bonar:I heard the voice of Jesus say, “Come unto Me and rest;Lay down, thou weary one, lay down Thy head upon My breast.”
 as well as a stanza from "Father, I stretch my hands to thee", a hymn by Charles Wesley:Father, I stretch my hands to thee, no other help I know;If thou withdraw thyself from me, ah!
 whither shall I go?altering the words toO Lord, I stretch my hand to thee, no other help I know;If thou withdraw thy hand from me, wherever shall I go?
"Corcovado" (known in English as "Quiet Nights of Quiet Stars") is a bossa nova song written by Antônio Carlos Jobim in 1960.
 An English lyric was later written by Gene Lees.
 The Portuguese title refers to the Corcovado mountain in Rio de Janeiro.
 Andy Williams recorded the song with English lyrics, reaching #92 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #18 in the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart in 1965.
 Also receiving air-play, contemporaneously with Andy Williams' recording of "Quiet Nights," was Kitty Kallen's version.
 Her album, titled "Quiet Nights," was released by 20th Century-Fox Records in 1964.
"It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year" is a popular Christmas song written in triple time in 1963 by Edward Pola and George Wyle.
 It was recorded and released that year by pop singer Andy Williams for his first Christmas album, "The Andy Williams Christmas Album".
 However, the song was not released as a promotional single by Williams' record label (Columbia Records) that year, as they instead opted to promote his cover of "White Christmas" as the official promo single from the album.
