Canobie Corkscrew is a steel sit-down roller coaster currently located at Canobie Lake Park amusement park in Salem, New Hampshire.
 The "Canobie Corkscrew" is one of many Arrow Development Corkscrew models produced between 1975-1979.
A water supply system or water supply network is a system of engineered hydrologic and hydraulic components which provide water supply.
 A water supply system typically includes:
IRC is an is an international think-and-do tank that works with governments, NGOs, entrepreneurs and people around the world to find long-term solutions to the global crisis in water, sanitation and hygiene services.IRC is founded at Government Institute on Community Water Supply, 13 Parkweg, the Hague in 1968, under the agreement between World Health Organization and the Government of the Netherlands.
 Initially addressed as the WHO International Reference Centre on Community Water Supply (I.R.C.), IRC was appointed to be the hub of information dissemination in community water supply and nexus of a world-wide network of collaborating institutions which are active in water supply research and development.
 After several changes in organization status and leaderships, IRC has now turnd into a think-and-do tank to find long-term solutions to the global crisis in water, sanitation and hygiene services.
Canobie Lake Park is an amusement park in Salem, New Hampshire.
 Originally opening as a trolley park on the shore of Canobie Lake on 1902, the park most prominently featured botanical gardens.
 The park declined in popularity after the automobile became the most popular mode of travel in the United States, but three local families now run the park, which draws visitors from throughout the New England region.
Canobie Lake is a 375 acre body of water located in Rockingham County in southern New Hampshire, United States, in the towns of Salem and Windham.
 It is approximately 1.5 mi long, and on average 0.4 mi wide, though two arms of the lake combine to produce a width of 1 mi at the lake's center.
 Canobie Lake Park, an amusement park, is located on the lake's east shore.
 The lake is the water supply for the town of Salem, New Hampshire.
China Water Affairs Group Limited () () is water supply company headquartered in Hong Kong.
 It offers raw water supply, tap water supply, sewage treatment, hydroelectric power supply, water piping construction and water meters installation services in China.
Drinking water supply and sanitation in Algeria is characterized by achievements and challenges.
 Among the achievements is a substantial increase in the amount of drinking water supplied from reservoirs, long-distance water transfers and desalination at a low price to consumers, thanks to the country's substantial oil and gas revenues.
 These measures increased per capita water supply despite a rapidly increasing population.
 Another achievement is the transition from intermittent to continuous water supply in the capital Algiers in 2011, along with considerable improvements in wastewater treatment resulting in better water quality at beaches.
 These achievements were made possible through a public-private partnership with a private French water company.
 The number of wastewater treatment plants throughout the country increased rapidly from only 18 in 2000 to 113 in 2011, with 96 more under construction.
 However, there are also many challenges.
 One of them is poor service quality in many cities outside Algiers with 78% of urban residents suffering from intermittent water supply.
 Another challenge is the pollution of water resources.
 There has also been insufficient progress concerning reuse of treated water, a government priority in this dry country.
Water supply and sanitation in Burkina Faso are characterized by high access to water supply in urban areas, while access to an at least basic water sources in rural areas - where three quarters of the population live - remains relatively low.
 An estimated one third of water facilities in rural areas are out of service because of a lack of maintenance.
 Access to at least basic sanitation lags significantly behind access to water supply.
A water board (Dutch: "waterschap" or "hoogheemraadschap", Flanders and Northern France: "", France: "", German: "Wasserverband") is a regional or national organisation that has very different functions from one country to another.
 The functions range from flood control and water resources management at the regional or local level (the Netherlands, Germany), water charging and financing at the river basin level (France), bulk water supply (South Africa), regulation of pricing and service quality of drinking water supply at the national level (Kenya) or the coordination of water resources policies between various Ministries and agencies at the national level together with the regulation of drinking water supply (the Philippines).
Water supply and sanitation in Belgium is provided by a large variety of organizations: Most of the 589 municipalities of Belgium have delegated the responsibility for water supply and sanitation to regional or inter-municipal utilities.
 There are more than 62 water supply utilities, including 2 regional, 30 inter-municipal and 30 municipal utilities.
 Another 100 mostly small municipalities provide services directly without having a legally of financially separate entity for water supply.
 Water is not scarce in Belgium and water supply is generally continuous and of good quality.
 However, wastewater treatment has long lagged behind and Brussels only achieved full treatment of its wastewater in 2007.
 In 2004 the European Court of Justice ruled condemning Belgium's failure to comply with the EU wastewater directive, and the ruling has not been fully complied with so far.
 Wallonia satisfies 55% of the national needs in drinking water while it counts only 37% of the population.
 Flanders and Brussels are dependent on drinking water from Wallonia, at a level of 40% and 98% respectively.
