East Haven High School is located at 35 Wheelbarrow Lane in East Haven, Connecticut.
 (It was located at 200 Tyler Street until September 1997.)
 It is a co-educational public school serving grades nine through twelve.
 Its school colors are blue and gold and its mascot is the yellow jacket.
 The school is part of the Southern Connecticut Conference for athletics.
 East Haven High School is also known for its marching band.
Tyler Consolidated High School (TCHS) is a public secondary school in Sistersville, West Virginia, United States.
 It is part of the Tyler County Schools district and is located at 1993 Silver Knight Drive.
 The school was formed in 1993 when students from Sistersville High School and Tyler County High School consolidated to form one county high school.
Tyler Kalinoski (born December 19, 1992) is an American basketball player for Antwerp Giants in the Belgian League.
 Kalinoski was a McDonald’s All-American nominee as a senior at Olathe East High School in Kansas and completed his college career for the Davidson Wildcats.
 He was named Atlantic 10 Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year in 2015.
Harvest Time Christian Academy is a coeducational, private school located in Tyler, Texas.
 Founded in 2010 as a Christian ministry of the Harvest Time Church of Tyler, the school accepts students from Pre-K to 12th grade.
Woodville High School is a public high school located in the city of Woodville, Texas in Tyler County, United States and classified as a 3A school by the UIL.
 It is a part of the Woodville Independent School District located in central Tyler County.
 In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Calvin Tyler Scott is a Canadian basketball player for the UPEI Panthers.
 Tyler Scott was born and raised in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
 Tyler Scott attended Halifax West High School and was the top scorer for the Halifax West Warriors.
 After graduating from Halifax West, Tyler Scott attended Lee Academy, a prep school in Maine.
 After Lee Academy, Tyler Scott went to Acadia University in New Minas, where he averaged 11.7 points per game, after realizing Acadia wasn't where he felt 100% comfortable he committed to UPEI with Tim Kendrick.
 At UPEI Tyler Scott went on to average 23 points per game in his first year and became a first team all Canadian and during his second and third year at UPEI, Tyler Scott was named second team all star and was 2nd in scoring in the AUS and 1st in scoring in his 5th year.
 On February 26, 2017, Tyler Scott made it into top 5 AUS scoring of all time.
 During his 5th year Tyler Scott also passed 1700 career points.
*
The Stella Elkins Tyler School of Art, also known as Tyler School of Art, is an art school at Temple University.
 The school was founded by sculptors Stella Elkins Tyler (of the Elkins/Widener family) and Boris Blai on a separate 14-acre estate in Elkins Park.
 In 2009, Tyler opened the doors to a new facility located on Temple's Main Campus.
 An allocation of $61.5 million from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided the cornerstone financial support for the new 255,000 square foot building, designed by award-winning architect Carlos Jimenez.
Middlebourne Historic District is a national historic district located at Middlebourne, Tyler County, West Virginia.
 It encompasses 88 contributing buildings that include the civic, commercial, and residential core of Middlebourne.
 Most of the buildings in the district date from the late-19th and early-20th century in popular architectural styles, such as Queen Anne and Classical Revival.
 The two oldest are the Federal-style Quinif House (1805) and Gorrell-Wetzel House (1807).
 Other notable buildings include the Tyler County High School (1907), First National Bank (1902), Smith's Drug Store (c. 1890), Nadene Theater (c. 1920), The Powell-Shore House (c. 1898-99; the town's best example of Queen Anne Architecture), the Weekley House (c. 1905), the Huth-Fletcher House (1895), and United Methodist Church and Parsonage (1910).
 Also located in the district is the separately listed Tyler County Courthouse and Jail (1854, 1874, 1922).
Council Rock High School North is a high school located in Newtown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
 It is a part of the Council Rock School District.
 The school is located across from Newtown Middle School (formerly Newtown Junior High) and Tyler State Park, and near Bucks County Community College.
 The current student population is 2259 for grades 9-12.
Kevin Eugene Lockett (born September 4, 1974) is a former American football wide receiver and punt returner in the National Football League for the Kansas City Chiefs, Washington Redskins, Jacksonville Jaguars and New York Jets.
 He played college football at Kansas State University where he was a football and Academic All-American.
 He went to high school at Booker T. Washington High School in Tulsa.
 His younger brother Aaron and son Tyler also played football at Kansas State and Tyler was later drafted by the Seattle Seahawks.
