The 2013 6 Hours of Fuji was intended to have been an automobile endurance race held at the Fuji Speedway, Oyama, Japan on 20 October 2013.
 The race was the sixth round of the 2013 FIA World Endurance Championship season.
 Heavy rains forced race officials to start the race under safety car conditions, completing eight laps before the race was temporarily stopped due to no improvement in track conditions.
 Following a two-hour delay the race was restarted once more under the safety car, lapping another eight circuits before officials stopped the race again and eventually called an end to the event.
 The No. 7 Toyota was declared the race winner, gaining the lead following a pit stop under caution from the Audi which started on pole position, while the majority of the field finished in the same position they started the race.
 Only half points were awarded towards the various championships being held under the WEC umbrella.
One thing that characterizes Euboea and especially Chalkida is the phenomenon of "trela nera".
 (i.e. Crazy Waters).
 This phenomenon is a rare phenomenon that occurs in the Strait of Euripus under the bridge opening, where the flow of ocean waters changes.
 That is, when the water flowing one direction and then in the exact opposite direction.
 This change happens approximately every 6 hours.This phenomenon reaches its climax under the old sliding bridge where the speed of the water takes the maximum speed of 9 miles per hour.
 It is said that this speed of the water, a shark will struggle to swim in the opposite direction.
 This phenomenon is as follows: the waters move in the one direction for 6 hours, then for 8 minutes waters are stable and then they flow in the opposite direction for other 6 hours, then other 8 minutes the water is stable, and so on.
 It is this strange phenomenon that has given the city of Xalkida the nickname of "Crazy waters".
The 2013 6 Hours of Silverstone was an auto racing event held at the Silverstone Circuit, near Silverstone, England on 12–14 April 2013.
 The event was the opening round of the 2013 FIA World Endurance Championship season, and served as the annual award for the Royal Automobile Club's Tourist Trophy.
 Briton Allan McNish, Dane Tom Kristensen, and Frenchman Loïc Duval won the race for Audi, just over three seconds ahead of their teammates.
 The British Delta-ADR team were victorious in the LMP2 category, while Aston Martin Racing secured both the LMGTE Pro and LMGTE Am classes.
The 6 Hours of Silverstone (formerly the 1000 km of Silverstone) is an endurance sports car race held at Silverstone Circuit near the Northamptonshire villages of Silverstone and Whittlebury.
 First run in 1976 as part of the World Sportscar Championship, the race continues today with the FIA World Endurance Championship.
 Since 2013, the RAC Tourist Trophy has been awarded to the winners of the event.
The 2013 6 Hours of Bahrain was an endurance auto race held at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, Bahrain on 30 November 2013.
 The race was the eighth and final round of the 2013 FIA World Endurance Championship season.
 The race was won by Sébastien Buemi, Stéphane Sarrazin and Anthony Davidson driving the No.8 Toyota TS030 Hybrid of Toyota Racing.
Renato Molinari (born 27 February 1946 in Nesso) is an Italian powerboat racer, and the inaugural winner of the John Player Special F1 Powerboat World Championship in 1981, and won titles again in 1983 and 1984.
 In addition to this success, Molinari is an 18-time World Champion (in different categories); 11-time European Champion (in different categories), 4-time winner of the Rouen 24 hours, 4-time winner of the Paris 6 hours; twice winner of the Parker Enduro and 3-time winner of the Berlin 6 hours.
The 2014 6 Hours of Silverstone was an endurance sports car racing event held at the Silverstone Circuit near Silverstone, England on 17–20 April 2014.
 The event served as the opening round of the 2014 World Endurance Championship, and overall race winners were awarded the annual Tourist Trophy by the Royal Automobile Club.
 Toyota became the first Japanese manufacturer to win Silverstone's endurance race, with Anthony Davidson, Sébastien Buemi, and Nicolas Lapierre leading the team's second TS040 Hybrid to a 1–2 finish.
 The race, which had run under mixed weather conditions, was stopped in the final half-hour of competition due to heavy rains and not restarted.
The 2013 6 Hours of São Paulo was an endurance auto race held at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace, São Paulo, Brazil on 30 August – 1 September 2013.
 The race was the fourth round of the 2013 FIA World Endurance Championship and the second consecutive running of the 6 Hours of São Paulo.
 Audi continued their streak of four overall victories following an accident for the sole Toyota in LMP1, with André Lotterer, Marcel Fässler, and Benoît Tréluyer leading the Joest Racing duo to the checkered flag.
 G-Drive Racing earned their first victory in the LMP2 category ahead of OAK Racing, while AF Corse Ferrari led home Aston Martin Racing in the LMGTE Pro class by a gap of less than two seconds.
 Aston Martin however prevailed in LMGTE Am, ahead of the 8 Star Ferrari.
The 2013 6 Hours of Shanghai was an endurance auto race held at the Shanghai International Circuit in Shanghai, China on 9 November 2013.
 The race was the seventh round of the 2013 FIA World Endurance Championship season.
The 2013 6 Hours of Circuit of the Americas was an endurance auto race held at the Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas on 20–22 September 2013.
