The Fast On-orbit Rapid Recording of Transient Events (FORTE, occasionally stylized as FORTÉ) is a lightweight satellite which was launched at about 8:30 AM on August 29, 1997 into a circular 800 km low Earth orbit which is inclined 70 degrees relative to the Earth's equator, using a Pegasus XL rocket.
 It was developed and launched by the Sandia National Laboratory in cooperation with Los Alamos National Laboratory, as a testbed for technologies applicable to U.S. nuclear detonation detection systems used to monitor compliance with arms control treaties, and later to study lightning from space.
 The project was sponsored by the United States Department of Energy, and cost about US$35 million.
 It utilizes optical sensors, RF sensors, and an "event classifier" in order to make observations, including monitoring Very High Frequency (VHF) lightning emissions in the ionosphere occurring from between 50 to above the surface of the Earth, and it will be a component of the VHF Global Lightning and Severe Storm Monitor (V-GLASS) system.
 Its primary mission is to record and analyze bursts of RF energy rising from the surface of the Earth.
 FORTE is 7 ft tall, weighs 470 lb , and is the first all-composite spacecraft, its framework being made entirely of graphite-reinforced epoxy.
 It consists of three decks with aluminum honeycomb cores, and composite facing to support the onboard instruments.
WXJ33 (sometimes referred to as Santa Fe All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves Santa Fe, New Mexico and surrounding cities including the eastern part of the Albuquerque metropolitan area.
 It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office in Albuquerque, New Mexico with its transmitter located in Santa Fe.
 It broadcasts weather and hazard information for the following Counties: Los Alamos, Rio Arriba, Sandoval, San Miguel, Santa Fe, Taos, and Torrance
Santa Fe University of Art and Design (SFUAD) is a for-profit, accredited four-year university located in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
 The university built from the College of Santa Fe which was a Catholic facility founded as St. Michael's College in 1859, and renamed The College of Santa Fe in 1966.
 After financial difficulties in 2009, the campus was purchased by the City of Santa Fe, the State of New Mexico, and Laureate Education, and reopened with a narrowed focus on the film, theater, and other arts.
 The school is currently secular, and as of 2017, reports having 950 students.
 According to the U.S. Department of Education, as of 2017 the overall graduation rate is 22%.
 The university is scheduled to close in May 2018.
The Capture of Santa Fe, also known as the Battle of Santa Fe or the Battle of Cañoncito, took place near Santa Fe, New Mexico, the capital of the Mexican Province of New Mexico, during the Mexican-American War on 8 August through 14 August 1846.
 No shots were fired during the capturing of Santa Fe.
The Hyundai Santa Fe (Korean: 현대 싼타페 ) is a sport utility vehicle (SUV) produced by the South Korean manufacturer Hyundai since 2000.
 It is named after the city of Santa Fe, New Mexico, and was introduced for the 2001 model year as Hyundai's first SUV, released at the same time as the Ford Escape and Pontiac Aztek.
 The Santa Fe was a milestone in the company's restructuring program of the late 1990s because, despite receiving criticism from journalists for its obscure looks, the SUV was a hit with American buyers.
 The SUV was so popular that at times, Hyundai had trouble supplying the demand.
 The Santa Fe quickly became Hyundai's best seller and contributed to Hyundai's success in the United States.
 As of 2007, the Santa Fe falls between the slightly smaller compact crossover Tucson and the larger, yet related luxury crossover SUV Veracruz (which replaced the Terracan).
The Santa Fe Plaza is a National Historic Landmark in downtown Santa Fe, New Mexico in the style of traditional Spanish-American colonial cities.
 The plaza, or "city-square", was originally, and is still to this day, the center gathering place in town.
 Many know it as "the heart of Santa Fe".
 The landmark has since grown into a playground for many tourists interested in Spanish, Native American, and Mexican cultures, and includes music, design, jewelry, art and dance.
 Known to locals simply as the "Plaza," it is home to annual events including Fiestas de Santa Fe, the Spanish Market, the Santa Fe Bandstand, and the Santa Fe Indian Market.
Santa Fe 2926 is a former Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (Santa Fe) 4-8-4 steam locomotive originally built in 1944 by Baldwin (const #69814).
 This locomotive was part of the last group of steam passenger locomotives (class 2900) built for the Santa Fe railway.
 This class of locomotives were the heaviest 4-8-4's built in the United States, and among the largest.
 The railroad used the locomotive in both fast freight and passenger service, accumulating over one million miles of usage before its last revenue run on December 24, 1953.
 The locomotive and a caboose were donated to the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico in 1956 in recognition of the city's 250th anniversary, and placed in a city park.
Santa Fe Depot is the northern terminus of the New Mexico Rail Runner Express commuter rail line.
 The station was originally built by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe, and until 2014 served as the northern terminus, offices, and gift shop of the Santa Fe Southern Railway, a tourist and freight carrying short line railroad.
 It is located in Santa Fe, New Mexico at 410 Guadalupe Street, within an area of urban renewal referred to as the "Railyard".
 Rail Runner service to the station began on December 17, 2008.
Santa Fe Baldy is a prominent summit in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico, United States, located 15 mi (24 km) northeast of Santa Fe.
 There are no higher mountains in New Mexico south of Santa Fe Baldy.
 It is prominent as seen from Los Alamos and communities along the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico, but is relatively inconspicuous from Santa Fe, as its north-south trending main ridge line is seen nearly end-on, disguising the size of the mountain.
 Tree line in the Sangre de Cristos is unusually high (exceeding 12000 ft in places) and only the top 600 to of the mountain is perpetually free of trees, but several severe forest fires have created bare spots extending to lower elevations.
 An extensive region of aspen trees on its flanks produces spectacular orange-yellow coloration during the fall that is the subject of many photographic studies.
Los Alamos National Laboratory (Los Alamos or LANL for short) is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory initially organized during World War II for the design of nuclear weapons as part of the Manhattan Project.
 It is located a short distance northwest of Santa Fe, New Mexico in the southwestern United States.
