Don't Fence Me In is a 1945 American western film directed by John English and starring Roy Rogers, George "Gabby" Hayes and Dale Evans.
 The film was part of the long-running series of Roy Rogers films produced by the Hollywood studio Republic Pictures.
Apache Rose is a 1947 American Trucolor Western film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers.
 It was the first Roy Rogers Western shot in the process though most copies on DVD are in monochrome.
Song of Arizona is a 1946 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Roy Rogers.
Along the Navajo Trail is a 1945 American western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Roy Rogers, George 'Gabby' Hayes and Dale Evans.
 The film's story was based on a William Colt MacDonald novel.
 The film marked the debut of the Cuban actress Estelita Rodriguez, who Republic Pictures then began to build up into a star.
 Its title song is "Along the Navajo Trail", an instrumental version of which appears with the opening credits, with a brief vocal version during the last twenty seconds of the film.
 The first few bars of the song are used as background music in several chase scenes.
Rainbow Over Texas is a film from 1946 in which Roy Rogers plays himself as a famous cowboy-singer returning to Texas.
 Directed by Frank McDonald from a story by Max Brand, it co-stars George "Gabby" Hayes and Dale Evans.
Sons of the Pioneers is a 1942 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers, George 'Gabby' Hayes and Bob Nolan.
 The film was part of the long-running series of Roy Rogers films produced by the Hollywood studio Republic Pictures.
Lights of Old Santa Fe is a 1944 American Western Musical film directed by Frank McDonald with a screenplay by Gordon Kahn and Bob Williams.
 The film stars Roy Rogers and Dale Evans in a story about a rodeo owner and her struggle to make her show a success.
 When her rodeo is sabotaged by a rival showman, Rogers brings the perpetrator to justice.
San Fernando Valley is a 1944 American western film directed by John English and starring Roy Rogers, Dale Evans and Jean Porter.
 The film was part of the long-running series of Roy Rogers films produced by Republic Pictures.
Frank McDonald (November 9, 1899 Baltimore, Maryland – March 8, 1980 Oxnard, California) was an American film and television director, active from 1935 to 1966.
 He directed more than 100 films, including many Westerns starring Gene Autry and Roy Rogers, and numerous TV show episodes.
 He is interred at Conejo Mountain Memorial Park in Camarillo, California.
My Pal Trigger is a 1946 American Western musical film directed by Frank McDonald.
 The screenplay by Jack Townley and John K. Butler was based upon a story by Paul Gangelin.
 The film stars Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, George “Gabby” Hayes, Jack Holt, and Trigger in a story about the origin of Rogers's mount, and their deep and faithful bond.
 The film features several musical numbers for Rogers, Evans, and Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers.
