Eusebio Ayala is a district of the Cordillera Department, Paraguay.
 It is named after Eusebio Ayala, a former President of Paraguay.
 It is located approximately 72 km of the city of Asuncion, capital of the Republic of Paraguay.
Decatur is a city in, and the county seat of, DeKalb County, Georgia, United States and is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area.
 With a population of 20,148 in the 2013 census, the municipality is sometimes assumed to be larger since multiple zip codes in unincorporated DeKalb County bear the Decatur name.
 The city is served by three MARTA rail stations.
 The city is located approximately 5 miles northeast of downtown Atlanta and shares its western border with Atlanta.
Gretchen Gotay Cordero (born August 14, 1980) is a Puerto Rican former swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and backstroke events.
 She won a total of four medals (2 golds and 2 bronze) in both freestyle and medley relays at the Central American and Caribbean Games (1998, 2002, and 2006).
 She is a member of Athens Bulldogs Swim Club under her personal coach Harvey Humphries, and a graduate with a master's degree in sports management at the University of Georgia in Athens.
The University of Georgia, also referred to as UGA or simply Georgia, is an American public research university.
 Its main 762 acres campus is located in Athens, Georgia, approximately 72 mile northeast of Atlanta.
 It is the flagship university of the University System of Georgia.
 Founded in 1785, it is the country's oldest state-chartered university and the birthplace of the American system of public higher education.
The University of Maryland, Baltimore County (often referred to as UMBC) is an American public research university, located in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States, mostly in the community of Catonsville, approximately 10 minutes (8.3 miles) from downtown Baltimore City, 9 minutes (6.1 miles) from Baltimore–Washington International Airport (BWI).
 With a fall 2016 enrollment of 13,640 students, 48 undergraduate majors, over 60 graduate programs (36 master, 24 doctoral, and 17 graduate certificate programs) and the first university research park in Maryland, UMBC has been named the #1 Up-and-Coming University for six years in a row, since 2009, by "US News & World Report".
 In addition, "US News & World Report" has placed UMBC in the top ten for best undergraduate teaching six years in a row, being placed at #5, the second highest-ranked public university.
Mount Burnett is a small country town and bounded locality located approximately 72 km from Melbourne, in Victoria, Australia.
 The town has no post office or town centre.
 Most of the town is either farmland or rural housing.
 The town shares its postcode (3781) with neighbouring town Cockatoo.
 Mount Burnett is located in the Shire of Cardinia.
HD 4308 is a 6th magnitude star located approximately 72 light years away in the southern constellation of Tucana.
Ailuk Atoll (Marshallese: Aelok , ) is a coral atoll of 57 islets in the Pacific Ocean, and forms a legislative district of the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands.
 It is located approximately 72 km north from Wotje.
 Its total land area is only 5.4 km2 , but it encloses a lagoon with an area of 177.45 km2 .
 The major islets are: Ajelep, Aliej, Ailuk, Alkilwe, Barorkan, Biken, Enejabrok, Enejelar, Kapen and Marib.
 Most of the islets are on the eastern side of the atoll.
 The western and southern sides of the atoll have a nearly continuous submerged coral reef, with three main passes that lead into the lagoon: Erappu Channel, Marok Channel and Eneneman Channel on the west side.
Puliancholai is a hamlet of about 30 families and 10-15 teashops in the dense forest region of the same name on the foot hills of Kolli Hills (Eastern Ghats) Tamil Nadu, India.
 It is located approximately 72 km away from Tiruchirappalli (district headquarters) by road.
 The nearest town (about 30 km) is Thuraiyur.
 Puliancholai can be also reached from Erode or Namakkal.
Aloi is a town in northern Uganda.
 It is located approximately 72 km north-east of the city of Lira in the Northern Region.
