The Gorgeous were a Canadian metalcore band formed in the summer of 2003 in Montreal.
 The band formed with Dali Shaw on guitar, Julien Brousseau on Bass and Miguel Shaw on drums.
 The three played a few shows without a vocalist and quickly recruited Jordon Daniel.
The "White EP" is a promo EP from the Leeds band Vib Gyor.
 It was first sold on their UK tour with American band Transfer and was released through their My Space page and official web-site on 13 November 2007.
 It is the follow-up to their The Secret EP.
 It was recorded in Rockfield studios in South Wales and produced by Ken Thomas.
The Famines are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2008 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada now based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
 The two piece band uses a modern and minimalistic approach that draws comparison to mid 1970's protopunk and fuzzy garage rock.
The band name is meant to be a commentary on the continued feeling of emptiness and lacking in a society that is materially fulfilled.
 The band has two members, R. E. Biesinger on guitar and vocals, and Drew Demers on the drums.
Bullmoose (aka Zach Dobbins) is a Canadian rock band formed in Elgin, Ontario in 1996.
 Three of the original members continue in the band, which today is based in Montreal.
 They include twin brothers Jeff Cowan (drums/vocals) and Seamus Cowan (bass/vocals) from Westport, Ontario and Eric Lawrance (guitar/vocals) from Delta, Ontario, who launched the band when they attended school at Montreal.
 The band performs in the rock music genre, citing experimental influences of the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Put the Rifle Down is a Canadian Electronic dance band based in Toronto, Canada that were signed to Montreal label Summer Lovers Unlimited.
 Their debut full-length, "Selector", was released in 2009.
 The band includes Michael Countryman (vocals), Anthony Bruno (drums/percussion), Jordan Bimm (guitar), and Mark Cassidy (synthesizers).
 The band formed while all four members were studying at the University of Toronto in 2004. "
NOW" magazine considers their sound similar to that of New Order.
 In 2007, the band had their song Architekt featured on a vinyl-only compilation called Hordes Of Canada that was issued in the UK by Cheap Date Records.
 The release also included songs by Crystal Castles, We Are Wolves, and Duchess Says and is now out of print.
 Drowned in Sound described Architekt as "glacial downbeat-pop at its most irresistible" and wrote that Arcade Fire was "an obvious influence".
The Secret EP is the EP from the Leeds band Vib Gyor.
 It was released on 5 March 2007, and is the follow-up to their well-received debut single, "Fallen".
 It was recorded in Bath and produced by Paul Corkett.
 It also has a hidden fifth instrumental track - which the band recently revealed was called <:.
~.
:>
Daddy's Hands was a Canadian experimental rock band formed in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, by singer/guitarist Dave Wenger, bassist Emily Bauslaugh, drummer Jonah Fortune, and saxophonist Jonathan Pollard.
 Dave Wenger and Emily Bauslaugh had been involved in the British Columbian hardcore/emo scene before forming the band, being in bands M Blanket and Ache Hour Credo, and the band Floragore respectively.
 Daddy's Hands has released two demo tapes, one EP and two full-length albums.
 The band gigged extensively in the 90s, even playing a radio show with Nardwuar.
 Despite achieving little commercial success, the band has been referred to as highly influential in the West Coast music scene.
 Lead singer Wenger, highly regarded by some critics, has been referred to as Montreal's Peter Laughner.
The Agents were a post-punk band formed in 1980 in Bristol, England.
 The band formed from the remnants of several bands that were playing the American Military bases circuit in Europe in the 1970s.
 The band were based in Mannheim, Germany and the lineup consisted of vocalist Swig (real name Richard Snow), guitarist Dave Libby, bassist Larry Burr and drummer Nick Bahra.
 The band were known for an exciting live act and built up a big following in Europe.
 In 1981 they released "Everybody's Gonna Be Happy", a single printed in green vinyl with a gatefold sleeve.
 The album (of the same name), release the same year on Teldec, produced by Ingo Schantz.
"Fallen" was the first single from the Leeds band Vib Gyor.
 It was first given limited release in July 2006, and has attained critical acclaim and a large amount of radio play on both sides of the atlantic.
Vib Gyor was a band that was formed in Leeds, England.
 The name was derived from the first letters of all the colours in the rainbow, in order from the shortest to longest wavelengths.
