Kane is a fictional character in the alternate history universe of Westwood Studios' and Electronic Arts' "Command & Conquer" real-time strategy video games in which he is a seemingly immortal mastermind behind the ancient and secretive Brotherhood of Nod society.
 Little is truly known about Kane; many of his followers draw a direct connection between him and the Abrahamic figure of Cain, which he does not go out of his way to confirm or deny.
 Considered a charismatic and brilliant sociopath by the outside world, Kane is seen by his followers as a holy figure and a messiah.
Charles Foster Kane is a fictional character and the subject of Orson Welles' 1941 film "Citizen Kane".
 The character is widely believed to be based on publishing tycoon William Randolph Hearst.
 Welles played Kane (receiving an Oscar nomination), with Buddy Swan playing Kane as a child.
 Welles also produced, co-wrote and directed the film.
The authorship of the screenplay for "Citizen Kane", the 1941 American motion picture that marked the feature film debut of Orson Welles, has been one of the film's long-standing controversies.
 With a story spanning 60 years, the quasi-biographical film examines the life and legacy of Charles Foster Kane, played by Welles, a fictional character based in part upon the American newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst and Chicago tycoons Samuel Insull and Harold McCormick.
 A rich incorporation of the experiences and knowledge of its authors, the film earned an Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay) for Herman J. Mankiewicz and Welles.
Shannon Louise "Lolly" Allen (née Carpenter) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours".
 She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 25 July 1994.
 Louise was played by Tessa Taylor from her birth, with Jiordan Tolli taking over the role a few months later.
 The character was written out in 2001 when Tolli's parents and the producers felt it was the right time for her to leave.
 In 2006, it was announced that Louise would be returning to "Neighbours" and Adelaide Kane was cast in the role, after winning the "Dolly" ""Neighbours" Next Big Stars" competition.
 Kane's contract was not renewed and Louise departed on 29 June 2007.
 The character returned for one episode on 4 October 2013 with Tolli in the role.
Sheila Grant (also Corkhill) is a fictional character from British soap opera, "Brookside" played by Sue Johnston.
 Sheila appeared in Brookside from the first episode in 1982 until the character's departure in 1990.
 Her most famous storyline was in 1986, when the character was attacked, raped and beaten by an unknown assailant.
 Everyone was a suspect, including family friend Matty Nolan (Tony Scoggo) and most residents of Brookside Close found themselves accused of attacking Sheila.
 It was later revealed that the taxi driver raped Sheila.
Carol Groves is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, "Hollyoaks", played by Natalie Casey.
 Carol first appeared in the serial on 9 January 1996.
 In August 2000 it was announced that Casey had quit the role and would film her final scenes at the end of the month.
 Carol remained with the serial until 23 October 2000 when she left the village to never return.
Martha Kane is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Carli Norris.
 The character debuted on-screen during the episode broadcast on 18 January 2012.
 The character was introduced as the mother of Ash (Holly Weston), Callum (Laurie Duncan) and Lacey Kane (Georgia Bourke).
 Martha is portrayed as a feisty female and a liberal parent.
 Martha is an alcoholic and has been used to portray the effects the issue has on involved family members.
 Her addiction causes trouble and affects her youngest daughter, Lacey, following a violent altercation.
 Despite attempting to overcome her addiction, Martha failed to stop drinking.
Carolyn Laurie Kane (born June 18, 1952) is an American stage, screen and television actress and comedian.
 She became known in the 1970s in films such as "Hester Street" (for which she received an Academy Award nomination) and "Annie Hall".
 She appeared on the television series "Taxi" in the early 1980s, as the wife of Latka, the character played by Andy Kaufman, winning two Emmy Awards for her work.
 She has played the character of Madame Morrible in the musical "Wicked", both in regional productions and on Broadway from 2005 to 2014.
 Since 2015, she has been a main cast member on the Netflix original series "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt", in which she plays Lillian Kaushtupper.
The sources for "Citizen Kane", the 1941 American motion picture that marked the feature film debut of Orson Welles, have been the subject of speculation and controversy since the project's inception.
 With a story spanning 60 years, the quasi-biographical film examines the life and legacy of Charles Foster Kane, played by Welles, a fictional character based in part upon the American newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst and Chicago tycoons Samuel Insull and Harold McCormick.
 A rich incorporation of the experiences and knowledge of its authors, the film earned an Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay) for Herman J. Mankiewicz and Welles.
Sweet Tooth, real name Marcus "Needles" Kane, is a fictional character from the "Twisted Metal" video game series.
 Sweet Tooth is designed around the premise of a killer clown that drives a combat ice cream truck, and his face has been featured on the cover of every "Twisted Metal" game to date, making him the series mascot.
 While being in every title of the series, he has not always been immediately available, requiring to be unlocked in some.
 He is the only character (besides Marcus Kane), to drive more than one vehicle in any of the games, being the driver of Head-On's Dark Tooth, Tower Tooth, and as of "Twisted Metal: Lost", Gold Tooth.
