Central Luzon Television (CLTV 36) is a regional infotainment television network, based in the Central Luzon region in the Philippines.
 The network is owned and managed by RadioWorld Broadcasting Corporation, a subsidiary of the Laus Group of Companies.
 The network's offices and studio complex located at 3rd Floor, Corporate Guarantee and Insurance Company Building, Jose Abad Santos Ave., City of San Fernando, Pampanga, while its 10-kilowatt, 68.5 meters high transmitter and station tower is located at C.P. Garcia Street, Clark Freeport Zone, Pampanga.
Sapangbato is the largest barangay (district) in Angeles City in Pampanga province, Philippines, with a total land area of 187,694 sq. meters and a population of 9,920.
 Located northwest of Angeles near Clark International Airport and the Clark Freeport Zone (a former U.S. Air Force base), it is identified as the barangay in Angeles with the highest elevation of 750 feet above sea level.
 It is home to Fort Stotsenburg, also known as the "Parade Ground" of Clark Air Base.
 Before Fort Stotsenburg and Clark Air Base were established, the barangay was part of Mabalacat.
SM City Clark is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings.
 It is located along M.A. Roxas Avenue in Clark Freeport, Angeles City in Pampanga, Philippines.
 It is the second SM supermall in the province of Pampanga after SM City Pampanga in City of San Fernando and Mexico, Pampanga and SM San Fernando Downtown in the downtown area of the City of San Fernando, Pampanga.
Pampanga or "Pampaŋga" (Kapampangan: "Lalawigan ng Pampanga" ; Filipino: "Lalawigan ng Pampanga" ) is a province in the Central Luzon region of the Philippines.
 Lying on the northern shore of Manila Bay, Pampanga is bordered by Tarlac to the north, Nueva Ecija to the northeast, Bulacan to the east, the Manila Bay to the central-south, Bataan to the southwest and Zambales to the west.
 Its capital is the City of San Fernando.
 Angeles City, while geographically within Pampanga, is classified as a first-class, highly urbanized city and is governed independently of the province.
Clark International Airport (Kapampangan: "Pangyatung Sulapawan ning Clark" , Filipino: "Paliparang Pandaigdig ng Clark" ), formerly known as the Diosdado Macapagal International Airport (IATA: CRK, ICAO: RPLC) , is an airport that is an international gateway to the Philippines within Clark Freeport Zone, located 43.2 NM northwest of Manila.
 The airport is located in the cities of Angeles and Mabalacat in the province of Pampanga and is accessible through the Subic-Clark-Tarlac Expressway, which is connected to the North Luzon Expressway.
SM Lifestyle Cities are integrated mixed-used developments of SM prime Holdings.
 Lifestyle Cities combine elements of SM Prime's core segments such shopping malls, residential development, commercial development, hotels and conventions, and leisures and resorts.
 SM Prime plans to develop more "lifestyle cities" similar to the 60-hectare Mall of Asia Complex in Pasay City which will optimize land where premiere malls currently stand.
 Subsequent Lifestyle Cities are eyed for SM City Clark in Angeles City, Pampanga, SM City North EDSA, SM Lanang Premier in Davao, SM Southmall and in its rising development SM Seaside City Cebu.
Clark Freeport Zone is a redevelopment of the former Clark Air Base, a former United States Air Force base in the Philippines.
 It is located on the northwest side of Angeles City and on the west side of Mabalacat City in the province of Pampanga.
 It is located northwest of Metro Manila.
 The zone is a former US military base and has modern infrastructure facilities, generous fiscal and non-fiscal incentives, professional support services and other amenities.
 Today, Clark forms the hub for business, industry, aviation, education, and tourism in the Philippines as well as a leisure, fitness, entertainment and gaming center of Central Luzon.
The Philippine International Hot Air Balloon Fiesta is an annual event that occurs between January and February in Clark Freeport Zone, Angeles City, Pampanga.
 It features multicolored hot air balloons with more than a hundred balloon pilots from around the world.
 This four-day hot air balloon event is the biggest and longest-running aviation sports event in the Philippines.
UFM 105.5 is a music FM radio station owned and operated by Reliance Broadcasting Unlimited (formerly Information Broadcast Unlimited).
 The station's studio is located at the Comclark Building, Manuel A. Roxas Highway, Mabalacat, Pampanga, and its state of the art transmitter is located at Clark FM HILL, Clark Freeport Zone, Mabalacat, Pampanga.
 The station broadcasts from 05:00 AM until 12:00 MN.
SM City San Fernando is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings.
 It is located along V. Tiomico Street and Consunji Street in the Downtown Heritage District, Barangay Santo Rosario, San Fernando, Pampanga.
 It is the third SM supermall in the province of Pampanga after SM City Pampanga in San Fernando and Mexico, Pampanga and SM City Clark in the Clark Freeport Zone, Angeles, Pampanga.
 The mall has a total gross floor area of 42,625 square meters.
 It features more than 100 shops.
