Irakli Davitis Dze Bagrationi (Georgian: ირაკლი დავითის ძე ბაგრატიონი ) (born 1981) is a Georgian scion of the royal Bagrationi dynasty of Imereti, one of the two surviving direct male-line descendants of the kings of Imereti.
In history and heraldry, a cadet branch consists of the male-line descendants of a monarch or patriarch's younger sons (cadets).
 In the ruling dynasties and noble families of much of Europe and Asia, the family's major assets—realm, titles, fiefs, property and income—have historically been passed from a father to his firstborn son in what is known as primogeniture; younger sons—cadets—inherited less wealth and authority to pass to future generations of descendants.
Under the Muhammad Ali dynasty, the line of succession to the former Egyptian throne was subject to a number of changes during its history.
 From its founding in 1805 until 1866, the dynasty followed the imperial Ottoman practice of agnatic seniority, whereby the eldest male in any generation would succeed to the throne.
 In 1866, however, the then Khedive of Egypt Isma'il Pasha obtained a "firman" from the Ottoman Emperor which restricted the succession to the male-line descendants of Isma'il Pasha.
 The resulting succession remained in force until the abolition of the Egyptian monarchy in 1953, following the 1952 Egyptian Revolution.
Batonishvili (Georgian: ბატონიშვილი ) (literally "a child of batoni (lord or sovereign)" in Georgian) is a title for royal princes and princesses who descend from the kings of Georgia from the Bagrationi dynasty and is suffixed to the names e.g. Alexandre Batonishvili, Ioane Batonishvili, Nino Batonishvili etc.
 The title was eventually borne not only by the children of the reigning king ("mepe"), but by all male-line descendants of past kings.
 The customary attribute or form of address for a Batonishvili was "უგანათლებულესი" ("uganatlebulesi") ("Most Brilliant" or "Most High").
Duke of Leuchtenberg was a title created twice by the monarchs of Bavaria for their relatives.
 The first creation was awarded by Maximilian I, Elector of Bavaria to his son Maximilian Philipp Hieronymus, upon whose death without children the lands passed back to his nephew Elector Maximilian II.
 It was re-created by Maximilian I Joseph, King of Bavaria on 14 November 1817 and awarded to his son-in-law Eugène de Beauharnais.
 Eugène was the adopted stepson of the deposed Emperor Napoleon I of France, and Eugène had been his heir in Frankfurt and briefly in Italy.
 King Maximilian Joseph compensated his son-in-law after he lost his other titles and named him heir to the kingdom after the male-line descendants of the royal house and next in precedence after the Royal Family.
The Zulu royal family consists of the reigning monarch of the Zulus of South Africa, King Goodwill Zwelithini kaBhekuzulu, his consorts, legitimate descendants, near relatives and male-line descendants of his great-grandfather, King Mpande who, as a half-brother of the Zulu "Pater Patriae", King Shaka, reigned from 1840 to 1872.
 Shaka's policies and conquests transformed a small clan into one of South Africa's most influential pre-colonial realms, extending over much of what is now KwaZulu-Natal.
The House of Windsor, the royal house of the Commonwealth realms, includes the male-line descendants of Queen Victoria who are subjects of the Crown (1917 Order-in-Council) and the male-line descendants of Elizabeth II (1952 Order-in-Council).
 According to these two Orders-in-Council, male-line female descendants lose the name Windsor upon marriage.
Mountbatten-Windsor is the personal surname used by the male-line descendants of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
 Under a declaration made in Privy Council in 1960, the name "Mountbatten-Windsor" applies to male-line descendants of the Queen without royal styles and titles.
 Individuals with royal styles do not usually use a surname, but some descendants of the Queen with royal styles have used "Mountbatten-Windsor" when a surname was required.
The House of Capet or the Direct Capetians (French: "Les Capétiens directs, la Maison capétienne" ), also called the House of France ("la maison de France"), or simply the Capets, ruled the Kingdom of France from 987 to 1328.
 It was the most senior line of the Capetian dynasty – itself a derivative dynasty from the Robertians.
 Historians in the 19th century came to apply the name "Capetian" to both the ruling house of France and to the wider-spread male-line descendants of Hugh Capet.
 It was not a contemporary practice (see House of France).
 They were sometimes called "the third race of kings", the Merovingians being the first, and the Carolingians being the second.
 The name is derived from the nickname of Hugh, the first Capetian King, who was known as "Hugh Capet".
The Capetian dynasty , also known as the House of France, is a dynasty of Frankish origin, founded by Hugh Capet.
 It is among the largest and oldest royal houses in Europe and the world, and consisting of Hugh Capet's male-line descendants.
 The senior line ruled in France as the House of Capet from the election of Hugh Capet in 987 until the death of Charles IV in 1328.
 They were succeeded by cadet branches, the Houses of Valois and Bourbon, which ruled until the French Revolution.
