Wake in Fright (initially released as Outback outside Australia) is a 1971 psychological thriller film directed by Ted Kotcheff, written by Evan Jones and starring Gary Bond, Donald Pleasence, Chips Rafferty, Sylvia Kay and Jack Thompson.
 Based on Kenneth Cook's 1961 novel of the same name, the film follows a young schoolteacher from Sydney who descends into personal moral degradation after finding himself stranded in a brutal, menacing town in outback Australia.
Winter People is a 1989 romantic drama film directed by Ted Kotcheff.
 It stars Kurt Russell and Kelly McGillis.
Girl Crazy was a 1929 comedy film directed by Mack Sennett and starring Andy Clyde as "a girl-crazy sexagenarian".
 The film's story is credited to Hampton Del Ruth, Alfred J. Goulding, Harry McCoy, Earle Rodney, and Mack Sennett.
North Dallas Forty is a 1979 American sports comedy-drama film starring Nick Nolte, Mac Davis, and G. D. Spradlin set in the decadent world of American professional football in the late 1970s.
 It was directed by Ted Kotcheff and based on the best-selling novel by Peter Gent.
 The screenplay was by Kotcheff, Gent, Frank Yablans, and Nancy Dowd (uncredited).
 This was the first film role for Davis, a popular country music recording artist.
The Alligator People is a 1959 CinemaScope science fiction horror film directed by Roy Del Ruth.
 It stars Beverly Garland, Bruce Bennett and Lon Chaney Jr. This film was the penultimate feature directed by Del Ruth and quite different than those of his days at Warner Bros.
The Shooter (original title), later released as Hidden Assassin, is a 1995 American action drama directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Dolph Lundgren as a deputy United States Marshal who gets caught up in politics when he is hired to solve the assassination of a Cuban ambassador.
Hampton Del Ruth (September 7, 1879 – May 15, 1958) was an American film actor, director, screenwriter, and film producer.
 Among other work, he wrote the intertitles for the final American studio-made silent film "" (1935).
Two Gentlemen Sharing is a 1969 British drama film directed by Ted Kotcheff, written by Evan Jones and starring Robin Phillips, Judy Geeson, Esther Anderson, Hal Frederick, Norman Rossington and Rachel Kempson.
 An upper-class white Englishman is forced to confront his own feelings and prejudices when the London flat he advertises for sharing is taken up by an Oxford-educated black Jamaican.
Colonel Samuel "Sam" Trautman is a fictional character in the "Rambo" novel and film series.
 His first appearance was in David Morrell's novel "First Blood".
 His character was expanded on in the film series where he was played by Richard Crenna, although Kirk Douglas was cast in the part, had been outfitted and shown up on the first day of shooting.
 It was then that Douglas, already unhappy with the ending, decided more rewrites were required.
 Director Ted Kotcheff and producers Mario Kassar and Andrew G. Vajna strongly disagreed and Douglas left the production.
 Richard Crenna was then contacted and arrived on set the next day.
 Marketing stills of Kirk Douglas in the uniform of Col. Trautman exist and are now part of the extras on the DVD of "First Blood".
Why Must I Die?
 is a 1960 neo noir film directed by Roy Del Ruth, and starring Terry Moore and Debra Paget.
 It was released by American International Pictures as a double feature with "The Jailbreakers".
 This was director Roy Del Ruth's final film.
