Carl Philipp Gottfried (or Gottlieb) von Clausewitz ( ; 1 June 1780 – 16 November 1831) was a Prussian general and military theorist who stressed the "moral" (meaning, in modern terms, psychological) and political aspects of war.
 His most notable work, "Vom Kriege" ("On War"), was unfinished at his death.
Panzer-Division "Clausewitz" was a German panzer division during World War II, named for Carl von Clausewitz.
Classical Realism is a theory of International Relations established in the post-World War II era that seeks to explain international politics as a result of human nature.
 The theory is associated with thinkers such as Niccolò Machiavelli and Thomas Hobbes.
 Modern thinkers associated with classical realism are Carl von Clausewitz, Hans Morgenthau and Reinhold Niebuhr.
 Classical Realist thought has since been overshadowed by Neorealism after Kenneth Waltz' work became more widely accepted due to the rise of Structuralism in North American International Relations scholarship which favored the latter's emphasis on rationality rather than human nature as cause for political conflict.
War from the Ground Up: Twenty-First Century Combat as Politics is a 2012 book on war and military strategy written by Emile Simpson, a former British Army officer.
 The book analyzes the War in Afghanistan (2001–present) in terms of Carl von Clausewitz's theory of war, arguing that modern counter-insurgencies have more in common with domestic political struggles than the traditional state-on-state conflicts described by Clausewitz.
 The book was favorably reviewed by Michael Howard, a prominent military historian, among others.
Christopher Bassford (born 1953) is an American military historian, best known for his works on the Prussian military philosopher Carl von Clausewitz.
 Bassford graduated from the College of William and Mary with a degree in history and honors for his dissertation on tactical nuclear weapons and completed his MA in American diplomatic history at Ohio University.
 Subsequent to receiving his MA, he served five years on active duty as a U.S. Army field artillery officer, with tours in Korea and Germany.
 He completed a Ph.D. in modern European history at Purdue University and became director of studies in the theory and nature of war at the U.S. Marine Corps (USMC) Command and Staff College, then associate professor of National Policy Issues at the U.S. Army War College.
 He was Professor of Strategy at the National War College (NWC), in Washington, D.C., from 1999 until 2012, when he joined the faculty of the College of International Security Affairs (CISA) as part of the JSOMA program supporting U.S. Army Special Operations Command (USASOC).
 He is the webeditor of The Clausewitz Homepage, a large educational website that has been on-line since 1995.
Vom Kriege (] ) is a book on war and military strategy by Prussian general Carl von Clausewitz (1780–1831), written mostly after the Napoleonic wars, between 1816 and 1830, and published posthumously by his wife Marie von Brühl in 1832.
 It has been translated into English several times as On War.
 "On War" is actually an unfinished work; Clausewitz had set about revising his accumulated manuscripts in 1827, but did not live to finish the task.
 His wife edited his collected works and published them between 1832 and 1835.
 His 10-volume collected works contain most of his larger historical and theoretical writings, though not his shorter articles and papers or his extensive correspondence with important political, military, intellectual and cultural leaders in the Prussian state.
 "On War" is formed by the first three volumes and represents his theoretical explorations.
 It is one of the most important treatises on political-military analysis and strategy ever written, and remains both controversial and an influence on strategic thinking.
The Battle of Wavre was the final major military action of the Hundred Days campaign and the Napoleonic Wars.
 It was fought on 18–19 June 1815 between the Prussian rearguard, consisting of the Prussian III Corps under the command of General Johann von Thielmann (whose chief-of-staff was Carl von Clausewitz) and three corps of the French army under the command of Marshal Grouchy.
 A blocking action, this battle kept 33,000 French soldiers from reaching the Battle of Waterloo and so helping in the defeat of Napoleon at Waterloo.
August Otto Rühle von Lilienstern, born 1780, died 1847.
 Prussian officer, joined Scharnhorst's Academy for Officers in the same class as Carl von Clausewitz.
 Later, they both taught at the Prussian General War School, which would become the Prussian War Academy, and Rühle became Clausewitz' second successor as its director.
 Rühle published many articles, kept official war diaries, and wrote a two-volume "Manual for the Officer for Education in Peace and for Use in Action" ("Handbuch für den Offizier zur Belehrung im Frieden und zum Gebrauch im Felde"), published in Berlin in 1817 and 1818.
 Lilienstern and Clausewitz, teaching at the same school at the time of publication of this manual, were in agreement on many points.
 For example, they agreed that war was political in nature (which was neither a novel nor a controversial idea) and that war was a "Zweikampf."
 (That is, literally a "two-struggle," usually translated into English as "duel," though in fact the imagery and metaphor that Clausewitz pursued was a wrestling match.)
 Clausewitz made these ideas famous in his book On War.
 Their common views on such issues can be traced to the nature of the military intellectual community in Prussia and the common influence of Scharnhorst.
The concept of absolute war was a theoretical construct developed by the Prussian military theorist General Carl von Clausewitz in his famous but unfinished philosophical exploration of war, "Vom Kriege" (in English, "On War", 1832).
 It is discussed only in the first half of Book VIII (there are only a couple of references to it elsewhere) and it does not appear in sections of the text written later.
 This indicates that it was an experiment that failed and was meant to be dropped.
The Charles S. Roberts Awards Hall of Fame, formally known as the Clausewitz Award Hall of Fame, is named after legendary military writer Carl von Clausewitz.
 The recipients of this award have made an important contribution and left their mark on the contemporary hobby of military strategy games and simulations.
