Gopalgad Fort / Anjanvel Fort (Marathi: अंजनवेल चा किल्ला/ गोपाळगड ) is a fort located 51km from Chiplun,in Ratnagiri district, of Maharashtra.
 This fort is an important fort in Ratnagiri district.
 The Fort is located on a prominent and commanding point for guarding the trade route along the Vashishti River, which runs till,Gavilgad near Chiplun and the Dabhol port which was a busy route in medieval times.
 It is a fort located on a hill near the sea.
Fort Nelson was a fort located on what is currently the site of Portsmouth Naval Hospital in Portsmouth, Virginia.
 Late in 1776, Virginia's Revolutionary government constructed the fort of timber and rammed earth.
 Three years later, the British fleet commanded by Admiral Sir George Collier confiscated its artillery and supplies and destroyed most of the parapet.
 In 1779-1781, both Lord Cornwallis and General Benedict Arnold occupied the fort.
 The fort was reconstructed in 1799 of earth lined with brick, following a design by architect B. Henry Latrobe under the First System of US fortifications, and abandoned after the War of 1812.
 During the Civil War, the Confederate government strengthened Fort Nelson.
 However, Fort Nelson came under Federal control on 10 May 1862, when the Union army, under the leadership of General John E. Wool, occupied Norfolk.
Bankot Fort / Himmatgad Fort/ Fort Victoria बाणकोट चा किल्ला / हिम्मतगड is a fort located 47km from Dapoli,in Ratnagiri district, of Maharashtra.
 This fort is an important fort in Ratnagiri district.
 The Fort is located on a prominent and commanding point for guarding the trade route along the Savitri River, which runs till, Mahad which was a busy route in medieval times.
 It is a fort located on a hill near the sea.
Fort Vastenburg (Dutch "Fort Steadfast"), also Fort Surakarta, is an 18th-century Dutch fort located in Gladak, Surakarta, Indonesia.
 A landmark of Surakarta, the fort faces polemics related with multiple owners claiming different parts of the fort.
 As a result, the fort remains abandoned and threatened to be demolished by various private parties claiming the fort's ownership.
Fort Frederick was a fort in Albany, New York from 1676–1789.
 Sitting atop State Street Hill (Capitol Hill) it replaced the earlier decaying Fort Orange along the Hudson River.
 The fort was named for Frederick Louis, Prince of Wales, son of King George II.
 The fort was referred to as Fort Albany in the 1936 novel "Drums Along the Mohawk".
 Several historical markers have been placed west of the location of the fort.
Indrai Fort / Indragiri Fort is a fort located 75 km from Nashik,in Nashik district, of Maharashtra.
 This fort though is an important fort in Nashik district but, it is less visited by the trekkers.In Chandwad taluka, there are 4 forts in a line on the Satmal hill range, the Chandwad fort, Indrai fort, Rajdher fort and Koldher fort.
 This fort is easy to climb, but requires 3 hours to reach the fort.
Fort Koshkonong (Fort Cosconong) was a military fort located near the present-day city of Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin.
 Intended to control the confluence of the Bark and Rock rivers, it was used as a station for local militia units and the U.S. regulars in the region to scout the British Band, a group of Native Americans who fought against government units during the 1832 Black Hawk War.
 General Henry Atkinson was the commander of the fort during the war.
 Black Hawk was in the same general area, but evaded capture and started to flee towards the Wisconsin River.
 The original fort was abandoned by the Army following the conflict.
 Local settlers dismantled it for the wood as the town developed.
Bhujia Fort, also spelled as Bhujiya Fort, is a fort located in the outskirts of the town of Bhuj in the district of Kutch, Gujarat, India.
 The fort is built atop Bhujia Hill overlooking the town.
Fort Duffield is a Union American Civil War fort located outside West Point, Kentucky.
 It saw use in 1862, and was abandoned when it appeared that the war would never come near the fort.
 Ironically, John Hunt Morgan would in 1863 lead his Raiders right past the fort and may have been stopped had the fort not been abandoned.
Fort Dansborg, locally called Danish Fort, is a Danish fort located in the shores of Bay of Bengal in Tharangambadi in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Fort Dansborg was built in the land ceded by Thanjavur king Ragunatha Nayak in an agreement with Danish Admiral Ove Gjedde in 1620 and acted as the base for Danish settlement in the region during the early 17th century.
 The fort is the second largest Danish fort after Kronborg.
 The fort was sold to the British in 1845 and along with Tharangambadi, the fort lost its significance as the town was not an active trading post for the British.
 After India's independence in 1947, the fort was used as an inspection bungalow by the state government till 1978 when the Department of Archaeology, Government of Tamil Nadu took over the control of the fort.
 The fort is now used as a museum where the major artifacts of the fort and the Danish empire are displayed.
