Christopher Cross "Chris" Griffin is a fictional character from the American animated television series "Family Guy".
 He is the elder son and middle child of Peter and Lois Griffin and brother of Stewie and Meg Griffin.
 He is voiced by Seth Green and first appeared on television, along with the rest of the family, in a 15-minute short on December 20, 1998.
 Chris was created and designed by MacFarlane himself.
 MacFarlane was asked to pitch a pilot to the Fox Broadcasting Company, based on "The Life of Larry" and "Larry & Steve", two shorts made by MacFarlane featuring a middle-aged man named Larry and an intellectual dog, Steve.
 After the pilot was given the green light, the Griffin family appeared in the episode "Death Has a Shadow".
Soul Mates is an Australian comedy series starring Christiaan Van Vuuren and Nicholas Boshier, screened on ABC2.
The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve are two animated short films created by Seth MacFarlane in the mid-1990s that eventually led to the development of the animated sitcom "Family Guy".
 MacFarlane originally created "The Life of Larry" as a thesis film in 1995, while studying at the Rhode Island School of Design.
 His professor at RISD submitted MacFarlane's cartoon to Hanna-Barbera, where he was hired a year later.
Animal Exploration with Jarod Miller is a documentary television series about a personal tour guide to the world of animals.
 The series is hosted by Jarod Miller, and was broadcast from September 24, 2007 to June 7, 2010.
Connor Van Vuuren (/'vjʊərən/) is a stuntman, actor and director from Sydney, Australia.
 Van Vuuren, alongside his brother Christiaan Van Vuuren, created the TV mini-series "Bondi Hipsters".
 He has directed and starred in ABC2's "Soul Mates" series in 2014 as "Phoenix" with his brother Christiaan Van Vuuren and Nicholas Boshier, and as a stunt actor in "" (2015), "" (2014), and "The Wolverine" (2013).
Jarod Green (born 23 May 1981) is an Australian film director, screenwriter and animator most notable for his work on the short film "Beached Whale" and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation television series "Beached Az".
 Together with actor Nicholas Boshier, Green is also the creator of the online fictional character Trent from Punchy.
"Family Guy" is an American animated television sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company.
 The series centers on the dysfunctional Griffin family, which consists of father Peter (MacFarlane), mother Lois (Alex Borstein), daughter Meg (Lacey Chabert in episodes 1–9, then Mila Kunis in "Da Boom" onwards), son Chris (Seth Green), baby Stewie (MacFarlane) and Brian (MacFarlane), the family dog.
 The show is set in the fictional town of Quahog, Rhode Island, and lampoons American culture, often in the form of cutaway gags, and tangential vignettes.
Peter Griffin is the main protagonist and title character of the American animated sitcom "Family Guy".
 He is voiced by cartoonist Seth MacFarlane and first appeared on television, along with the rest of the family, in the 15-minute pilot pitch of "Family Guy" on December 20, 1998.
 Peter was created and designed by MacFarlane himself.
 MacFarlane was asked to pitch a pilot to the Fox Broadcasting Company based on "Larry & Steve", a short made by MacFarlane which featured a middle-aged character named Larry and an intellectual dog, Steve.
 After the pilot was given the green light, the Griffin family appeared in the episode "Death Has a Shadow".
SuperSport Albania is a trademark of Digitalb's Sport TV Channels.
 As of March 2013, there are a total of 15 TV Channels (5 Standard Definitions Channels broadcasting in Albania, 4 High Definition Channels broadcasting in Albania, 3 standard definitions channels broadcasting only in Kosovo and 3 High definition Channels also broadcasting only in Kosovo).
 The channels broadcast a range of different sports such as the Spanish Primera División, Italian Serie A, German Bundesliga, Dutch Eredivisie, the Europa League, FIFA World Cup, UEFA Euro, Wimbledon, ATP 250, ATP 1000, IAAF etc.
Nicholas Boshier is an Australian actor.
 Boshier gained fame after he was revealed to be the actor portraying YouTube celebrity "Trent from Punchy", a character whom the film's director Anthony MacFarlane had previously insisted was genuine.
 Boshier went on to develop the cartoon "Beached Az" along with Macfarlane and Jarod Green, with Boshier voicing the main character of the whale.
 In 2014 he starred alongside Christiaan Van Vuuren in the series "Soul Mates".
