Llamayuq Q'asa (Quechua "llama" llama, "-yuq" a suffix, "Llamayuq" an archaeological site, "q'asa" mountain pass, "Llamayuq pass" or "mountain pass with llamas", also spelled "Llamayojcasa, Llamayoqccasa"), also known as Qucha Quyllur ("Qochaqollur", "lake star"), is a mountain in the eastern extensions of the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 4600 m high.
 It is located in the Cusco Region, Calca Province, Calca District.
 It lies southeast of Q'irayuq.
 This is where the archaeological site of Llamayuq is situated.
Yanaqucha (Quechua "yana" black, "qucha" lake, "black lake", hispanicized spelling "Yanacocha") is a mountain at a small lake of the same name in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5000 m high.
 The mountain is located in the Puno Region, Carabaya Province, on the border of the districts Corani and Ollachea.
 It lies southeast of the mountain Rit'i Wasi, northeast of the mountain T'ika Pallana and east of the mountain Llusk'a Rit'i and the lake Khichu Suytuqucha "(Quicho Suytococha)".
Yanajirca or Yana Hirka (Quechua "yana" black, Ancash Quechua "hirka" mountain, "black mountain", also spelled "Yanajirca") is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately 4600 m .
 It is located in the Ancash Region, Bolognesi Province, Huallanca District.
 Yana Hirka lies southeast of the Wallanka mountain range.
Qaflankuh or Qaflankuh Mountain Range (Persian: رشته کوه‌ها‌ی قافلانکوه / Reshteh Kuh-hā-ye Qāflānkuh) is a mountain range that is located about 20 kilometres north of the city of Zanjan in Zanjan Province, Iran.
 With an average width of almost 20 kilometres and a length of about 100 kilometres, this mountain range is stretched in a northwest-southeast direction, beginning from northwest of Zanjan, passing north of Zanjan and ending southeast of Zanjan.
 The Qezel Owzan River flows in a valley that separates Qaflankuh Mountains on the south from Talish Mountains on the north.
 With an elevation of 2971 metres, Mount Sendan Dagh is the highest mountain of the range which is located in the southeast section of this mountain range.
 There are some mineral hot springs containing sulphur in different parts of this range.
 Geologically, Qaflankuh Mountain Range was formed during the Tertiary volcanism and plutonism and is made mainly of the Eocene volcanic rocks with very small sections of intrusive rocks in the northern and southern parts of the range.
Qillqata (Aymara "qillqaña" to write, "-ta" a suffix to indicate the participle, "written" or "something written", hispanicized "Quelcata") is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5000 m high.
 It is located in the Condesuyos Province, Cayarani District, and in the La Unión Province, Puyca District.
 Qillqata lies southeast of the mountain Pilluni, southwest of the mountain Janq'u Q'awa and east of the mountain Ch'uwañuma.
The Elkhead Mountains are a mountain range in Colorado.
 The mountain range is considered to be low altitude within Colorado as the mountains are under 11000 ft .
 Located within Routt and Moffat counties, the mountain range is far from metropolitan areas and has few lakes and streams, so it attracts few visitors.
 The mountain range is a volcanic range and all of the peaks were formed by volcanic action.
 The mountain range extends approximately 16 mi east to west and 10 mi north to south, and its center is located at , approximately 20 mi northeast of Craig and north of Hayden, Colorado 13 mi south of the Wyoming border.
 Almost all of the peaks within the Elkhead Mountains are a part of Routt National Forest.
 Significant peaks are: Bears Ears, Sugar Loaf, Saddle Mountain, Black Mountain, Pilot Knob, and Meaden Peak.
Awqa Urqu (Quechua "awqa" enemy, "urqu" mountain, "enemy mountain", Hispanicized spelling "Auca Orjo") is a 4982 m mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru.
 It is situated in the Huancavelica Region, Castrovirreyna Province, Aurahuá District.
 Awqa Urqu lies southeast of Wichinka Lake.
Yana Urqu (Quechua "yana" black, "urqu" mountain, "black mountain", hispanicized spelling "Yanaorjo") is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 4800 m high.
 It is situated in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Marcapata District.
 Yana Urqu lies southeast of the mountain Jaqhichuwa.
Q'illu Urqu (Quechua "q'illu" yellow, "urqu" mountain, "yellow mountain", Hispanicized spellings "Jello Orjo, Quillo") is a 5038 m mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru.
 It is situated in the Apurímac Region, Antabamba Province, Oropesa District, and in the Arequipa Region, La Unión Province, on the border of the districts of Huaynacotas and Puyca District.
 Q'illu Urqu lies southeast of the mountains Wilaquta, Allqa Walusa and Taruja Marka.
Awki (Quechua for prince; a mythical figure of the Andean culture; grandfather, hispanicized spelling "Auqui") is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru, about 4800 m high.
 It is situated in the Ancash Region, Huari Province, Huari District.
 Awki lies southeast of Jacabamba.
