Music West Records was an independent record company founded by Allan Kaplan on December 1985 in San Rafael, California.
 The company was initially formed to promote Ray Lynch.
 During its run, artists released under the record company included Jim Chappell, Kenneth Nash, Chris Spheeris, and Øystein Sevåg.
 According to Gary Chappell, the manufacturer for Music West, the artists originated independently, claiming that the company's idea "has a statement that comes directly from the
High Octane Cult is a United States and Japan greatest hits compilation featuring every single The Cult had released at the time, with the additional "Beauty's on the Street" and "In the Clouds".
 It was released by The Cult's then record company Beggars Banquet Records without The Cult's participation.
 In the years since its release, singer Ian Astbury and guitarist Billy Duffy have occasionally been vocal about their dislike of this release, with Astbury calling it "sad" on their official website in 2006.
 Beggars Banquet had planned on using handmade drawings by Ian Astbury for the album's artwork, but when the drawings were lost, the record company subsequently replaced it with less than stellar car photos, and the band photo from The Cult's "Sonic Temple" record was used in the jacket sleeve, along with a short bio about the band, which guitarist Billy Duffy publicly expressed his disapproval about.
American Record Corporation (ARC), also referred to as American Record Company, American Recording Corporation, or (erroneously) as ARC Records, was an American record company.
 It resulted from the merger in 1929 of three companies: the Cameo Record Corporation (which owned Cameo, Lincoln and Romeo Records), the Pathé Phonograph and Radio Corporation (which owned Actuelle, Pathé, and Perfect), and the Plaza Music Company (which owned Banner, Domino, Jewel, Oriole, and Regal).
Motown is an American record company.
 The record company was founded by Berry Gordy Jr. as Tamla Records on January 12, 1959, and was incorporated as Motown Record Corporation on April 14, 1960, in Detroit, Michigan.
 The name, a portmanteau of "motor" and "town", has also become a nickname for Detroit.
 Motown played an important role in the racial integration of popular music as an African American-owned record label that achieved significant crossover success.
 In the 1960s, Motown and its subsidiary labels (including Tamla Motown, the brand used outside the US) were the most successful proponents of what came to be known as the Motown Sound, a style of soul music with a distinct pop influence.
 During the 1960s, Motown achieved spectacular success for a small record company: 79 records in the Top Ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100 record chart between 1960 and 1969.
Incredible Connection (Pty) Ltd is the largest consumer electronics and IT retailer in South Africa.
 On 15 December 1998, Incredible Connection was acquired by Connection Group Holdings Limited and now operates as subsidiary of that company, itself a subsidiary of JD Group Limited.
 As of 2005, Incredible Connection has 34 retail outlets in South Africa, and in 2002 it was reported to hold 45% of the IT retail market in the country.
Cardiant is a Finnish heavy metal band.
 It was established in city of Hämeenlinna in 2000, but most of band members have been replaced and the current assembly has been working since 2008.
 In the early years, the band recorded several demos until the it signed a contract with the record company Underground Symphony.
 The first album, Midday Moon, was released in 2005, but the record company did not released it in Europe.
 However, other record company, Marquee/Avalon, released it in Japan.
Gallo Record Company is the largest (and oldest independent) record label in South Africa.
 It is based in Johannesburg, South Africa, and is owned by Times Media Group (formerly Johnnic Communications and Avusa).
 The current Gallo Record Company is a hybrid of two rival South African record labels between the 1940s and 1980s: the original Gallo Africa (1926–85) and G.R.C. (Gramophone Record Company, 1939–85).
 In 1985 Gallo Africa acquired G.R.C.; as a result, Gallo Africa became known as "Gallo-GRC".
 Five years after the acquisition, the company was renamed "Gallo Record Company".
Hjärtats trakt was released on 20 April 1993 and is a compilation album from Swedish pop artist Per Gessle.
 The album includes songs taken from Gessle's solo albums "Per Gessle" and "Scener".
 It was also released under license by the British record company Pickwick and it is the only Gessle album released by another label than EMI.
 In 1998 the album was re-released by the Dutch record company Disky Communications B.V. which is a subsidiary of EMI.
Bay of Kings is the seventh studio album from English guitarist Steve Hackett, released in October 1983 on Lamborghini Records.
 His first album consisting entirely of instrumental classical guitar music, Hackett's former record company Charisma Records refused to release it over concerns about its commercial viability.
 Hackett left the label and released "Bay of Kings" through independent record company Lamborghini Records, started by Patric Mimran who owned the said car company at that time.
 It was later reissued by Hackett's own label, Camino Records.
 His wife at the time, Kim Poor, originally painted a nude portrait for the cover, but it was replaced for the Camino reissue by a painting of her husband.
"Love Incredible" is a song by Norwegian DJ and record producer Cashmere Cat, featuring vocals by Cuban-American singer Camila Cabello.
 It was released on 17 February 2017 through Interscope and Mad Love as the third single from his debut album, "9".
