Howard Allison Sturtzel (1894–1985) was an American author of children's books.
 He wrote books with his wife, under the name Jane and Paul Annixter.
 The couple's novel work, primarily equestrian fiction, consisted of four books, two of which were a part of the "A Penny of Paintrock" series.
 In addition, the couple are also accredited for over 500 short stories.
 The couple enjoyed an active and natural lifestyle in Pasadena, which reflected in their writings that most often involved animals and nature.
Ogden Wedlund Kraut (June 21, 1927 – July 17, 2002) was an American author who wrote about his independent Mormon fundamentalist beliefs.
 He was set apart as a "seventy" by Joseph W. Musser, a leader of the early Mormon fundamentalist movement.
 He also served as a missionary in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in southern California.
 He was one of the last missionaries to serve in the church "without purse or scrip" (financed entirely by donations from the church or from those to whom they taught), and wrote a book about his experiences.
 He wrote books, some self-published, on Mormon fundamentalist topics.
 His "95 Theses", named after a document by Martin Luther, includes specific charges against doctrinal changes in the LDS Church.
Ida Vos (maiden name Gudema) (Groningen, December 13, 1931 – Amstelveen, April 3, 2006) was a Dutch author.
 She wrote books for adults and children.
 In most of her books, Vos wrote about her experiences as a Jewish girl during the Second World War.
 Her best-known book was "Wie niet weg is wordt gezien" (published in English as "Hide and Seek"), which was awarded with a Dutch literature prize for children's books in 1982.
Gerald Stanley Lee (1862-1944) was an American Congregational clergyman and the author of numerous books and essays.
 Lee was "a frequent contributor of reviews to the "Critic" and other periodicals and wrote books on religion, modern culture, and physical fitness."
Janusz Piekałkiewicz (1925 in Warsaw – March 9, 1988) was a Polish underground soldier, historian, writer, as well as a television and cinema director and producer.
 He was a world-renowned author on many aspects of World War II history; over 30 of his books have been printed, most of them in German, and later translated to other languages.
 He also wrote from his experiences during the war and specialized in detailing operations within the secret services.
 A unique characteristic of many of his books is that chapters contain two parts.
 Firstly, he describes details and contemporary quoted sources and then, in the second part, he provides analysis and his own commentaries to those events.
 According to critics, this results in a very objective presentation of the material.
 In addition to his well-known history books, he also wrote books about treasure hunting.
Eike Christian Hirsch (born 1937) is a German journalist and author.
 He studied theology and philosophy in Goettingen, Heidelberg and Basel.
 Up to 1996 he was an editor in sound broadcasting at the NDR and is now a freelance journalist.
 He wrote books on questions of faith and the German language.
 He is also the wrote a series of humorous word definitions, "Deutsch für Besserwisser", which were first published in the Stern and later collected into book form.
Hilda Martindale (1875 – 18 April 1952) was a British civil servant and author, and the daughter of Louisa Martindale.
 Her father had died before she was born.
 She was a student at Royal Holloway College and later at Bedford College.
 During 1900-1901 she traveled around the world studying how children were treated.
 In 1901 she became a factory inspector with the Home Office.
 She was one of Britain's first female factory inspectors.
 In 1903 she wrote an important report about lead poisoning in brickworks.
 In 1904 she and her mother attended the International Congress of Women in Berlin.
 By 1914 she had become a Senior Lady Inspector.
 In 1918 she was a recipient of one of the 1918 Birthday Honours; specifically, she was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE).
 In 1925 she became Deputy Chief Inspector of Factories.
 In 1933 she joined the Treasury, and she retired at age 65 in 1937.
 She had been one of the first women to reach the higher levels of the Civil Service.
 She was a member of the Whitley Council Committee on the Women's Question, and as such she argued in favor of women's right to choose whether or not to leave their jobs if they got married, as well as in favor of equal pay.
 After retiring, she wrote books including "A History of Women in the Civil Service", " One Generation to Another" (about her family), "Some Victorian Portraits", and "Women Servants of the State: 1870-1938".
 In her will she appointed Bedford College as trustees of the Hilda Martindale Trust, which "makes a very limited number of awards to British women towards training or studying for a career in a profession where women are underrepresented.
 The maximum award is £3,000."
W. Gordon Smith (13 December 1928 – 13 August 1996) was a Scottish playwright.
 He was born in Edinburgh and lived most of his life there.
 He wrote many plays including the one man show, "Jock", made famous by Russell Hunter.
 He also wrote the lyrics, "Come By The Hills", set to the tune of the traditional Irish song, "Buachaill o'n Éirne Mé".
 In addition he wrote books on the artist, William George Gillies, and on the author, Robert Louis Stevenson and was instrumental in bringing the Scottish arts scene to BBC Scotland.
Dicaearchus of Messana ( ; Greek: Δικαίαρχος "Dikaiarkhos"; c. 350 – c. 285 BC), also written Dicearchus or Dicearch ( ), was a Greek philosopher, cartographer, geographer, mathematician and author.
 Dicaearchus was Aristotle's student in the Lyceum.
 Very little of his work remains extant.
 He wrote on the history and geography of Greece, of which his most important work was his "Life of Greece".
 He made important contributions to the field of cartography, where he was among the first to use geographical coordinates.
 He also wrote books on philosophy and politics.
Lucy Schildkret Dawidowicz (June 16, 1915 – December 5, 1990) was a prominent American historian and author.
 She wrote books on modern Jewish history, in particular books on the Holocaust.
