"On My Mind" is a song by English singer Ellie Goulding from her third studio album "Delirium" (2015).
 It was released as the album's lead single on 17 September 2015.
 It was written by Goulding, Max Martin, Savan Kotecha and Ilya Salmanzadeh.
 "On My Mind" is an electropop and R&B song whose instrumentation consists of scratchy guitars, trap drums, slapped beats and sharp, syncopated electronica.
 Lyrically, "On My Mind" talks about a one-night stand with someone the protagonist shouldn't be with, having a dichotomy between heart and head.
 Though firmly denied by Goulding, many critics considered it an answer song to Ed Sheeran's "Don't".
English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding has recorded songs for three studio albums and guest features.
 After signing a contract with record label Polydor Records in July 2009, Goulding began to work on her debut studio album, "Lights", which was ultimately released in February 2010.
 The first single released from the album was "Under the Sheets", which Goulding wrote in collaboration with Starsmith.
 Starsmith co-wrote four other songs and served as the album's primary producer.
 Goulding also collaborated with Jonny Lattimer on the singles "Starry Eyed" and "The Writer", and shared writing credits with Fraser T Smith on "Your Biggest Mistake".
 In November 2010, the singer re-released "Lights" as "Bright Lights", which included the standard version of the album and several new songs.
 She collaborated with Richard Stannard and Ash Howes on "Lights" and recorded a cover version of Elton John's "Your Song".
 At this time, Goulding also contributed guest vocals on the song "Wonderman" for Tinie Tempah's debut studio album "Disc-Overy" (2010).
"Something in the Way You Move" is a song by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding from her third studio album, "Delirium" (2015).
 The song was serviced to contemporary hit radio in the United States on 19 January 2016 as the album's second single in North America, and third overall.
 It reached number 51 on the UK Singles Chart and number 43 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
"Love Me like You Do" is a song recorded by English singer Ellie Goulding for the "Fifty Shades of Grey" (2015).
 The song was written by Savan Kotecha, Ilya Salmanzadeh, Tove Lo, Max Martin and Ali Payami; the latter two also produced it.
 Goulding was selected to sing the track.
 It was released on 7 January 2015 as the second single from the soundtrack.
 The song was also included on Goulding's third studio album, "Delirium" (2015).
"Army" is a song by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding from her third studio album, "Delirium" (2015).
 The song was released on 9 January 2016 as the album's second single.
Halcyon is the second studio album by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding, released on 5 October 2012 by Polydor Records.
 It was recorded between 2011 and 2012, during promotion of her debut album, "Lights" (2010).
 Goulding worked with several producers on the album, including Jim Eliot, Starsmith, Billboard, Justin Parker, MONSTA, Madeon and Mike Spencer, in addition to collaborating with artists such as Tinie Tempah and Calvin Harris.
"Flashlight" is a song by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding featuring production work from DJ Fresh, released as the fourth single from Fresh's forthcoming fourth studio album.
 It was released on 28 September 2014 in the United Kingdom as a single, although it was previously out on Goulding's album from 2013.
 The song features English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding and also included as one of the tracks on Goulding's "Halcyon Days" (2013), the reissue of her second studio album, "Halcyon" (2012).
 The Invisible Men assisted the artists in writing the song.
Delirium is the third studio album by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding, released on 6 November 2015 by Polydor Records.
 Music critics were generally impressed by the overall production of the record, although they were ambivalent in regards to its originality.
 It debuted at number three on the UK Albums Chart and the US "Billboard" 200, earning Goulding her highest-charting record in the latter country and her highest first-week sales figures in both territories.
 The album spawned three singles: "On My Mind", "Army" and "Something in the Way You Move".
"Outside" is a song by Scottish DJ and record producer Calvin Harris from his fourth studio album, "Motion" (2014).
 The song features English singer Ellie Goulding and was released on 20 October 2014 as the fourth single from the album.
 It marks the second collaboration between Harris and Goulding, following the single "I Need Your Love" (2013).
 "Outside" is also included on the deluxe edition of Goulding's third studio album, "Delirium".
The Delirium World Tour is the third headlining concert tour by British singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding to promote her third studio album, "Delirium" (2015).
 The tour consists of 4 legs, European, North American, Summer Festivals and Oceanic.
 Including 89 dates, 88 cities, The tour commenced on 21 January 2016, at Barclaycard Arena in Hamburg, Germany and concluded on 12 May 2017, at OLM Souissi in Rabat, Morocco as a part of the Mawazine Festival.
