Aditi Gupta (stylized as Additi Gupta) is an Indian actress, model and fashion designer, known for her work as the protagonist in the popular television series "Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil" on Star Plus channel.
 She was also seen portraying a witch in the Zee TV series "Qubool Hai".
 She is also known for her negative roles in Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil and Star Plus's Ishqbaaz.
The Box is a television channel in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 The channel is one of many within The Box Plus Network, a joint venture between Channel Four Television Corporation and Bauer Media Group.
 The channel mainly broadcasts music videos, although it also features other music-related programming from across The Box Plus Network.
Khichdi is a Hindi language sitcom produced by UTV Software Communications in association with Hats Off Productions, which debuted on STAR Plus on 10 September 2002.
 The series has been rerun on STAR Plus and its sister channels several times.
 Unlike other Hindi sitcoms, which continuously air throughout the year, "Khichdi" is one of the earliest shows on Indian television to adopt the Western model of appearing in seasons.
 The second season was called "Instant Khichdi", which made its debut on STAR Plus's sister channel, STAR One.
Vipul Gupta (born 17 September 1984) is an actor and model.
 He is best known for playing the lead role of Drone Keshab in a very popular Star Plus Serial: K. Street Pali Hill and as Anand Zorawar Shergill in TV serial "Meri Bhabhi" on STAR Plus.
 He is currently seen in a Vikram Bhatt's web series "Maaya".
Love Ka Hai Intezaar is an Indian television romantic drama series, produced by Siddharth Malhotra.
 It is broadcasting worldwide on Star Plus, Mondays through Saturdays, at 2:00 PM, IST in an afternoon programming block called "Star Plus Dopahar", since 15th May 2017.
 Sanjeeda Sheikh, and Keith Sequeira played the leads in the show till a twenty-year leap after which Preetika Rao and Mohit Sehgal also joined them to play another main leads of the show.
 The series ended on 30 September 2017 when the Star Dopahar block was discontinued.
Saans (English: "Breath") is an Indian television series written and directed by television actress Neena Gupta who works in the series as well alongside television actor Kanwaljit Singh.
 The series premiered on STAR Plus in 1998.
 The story focused on the accidental love triangle between the characters Priya, Gautam, and Manisha.
 Neena Gupta won the award for 'Best Director' and Kanwaljit Singh won for the 'Best Actor' categories at the Kalakar Awards 1998.
 The television actor, Neena Gupta, acclaimed huge popularity after the show's success.
Dill Mill Gayye (translation: Hearts Have Met) is a 2007 Indian soap medical drama series that aired on STAR One.
 The series premiered 20 August 2007 and ran through 29 October 2010.
 It was a sequel to the Star Plus series "Sanjivani - A Medical Boon" (2002–05).
 The show centers on a new generation of medical interns with a specific focus on the love story between Dr. Armaan Malik (Karan Singh Grover) and Dr. Riddhima Gupta (Shilpa Anand, Sukirti Kandpal, Jennifer Winget).
The "Khichdi" franchise is a Hindi language sitcom created by Hats Off Productions and UTV Software Communications, which debuted on STAR Plus on 10 September 2002.
 The series has been rerun on STAR Plus and its sister channels several times.
 Unlike other Hindi sitcoms, which continuously air throughout the year, "Khichdi" is one of the earliest shows on Indian television to adopt the Western model of appearing in seasons.
 The second season was called "Instant Khichdi", which made its debut on STAR Plus's sister channel, STAR One.
STAR Plus is a Hindi language general entertainment television channel and the largest Asian Channel in the United Kingdom.
 STAR Plus is owned by STAR TV UK whose head office is in London.
 The channel is part of STAR TV's network of channels.
 STAR Plus' programming primarily consists of family dramas and telefilms.
 This channel is also distributed worldwide by Fox International Channels, subsidiary of 21st Century Fox.
 The majority of programming on STAR Plus UK is subtitled in English.
Nitin Sahrawat (Born 13 August 1981), is an Indian television actor and a model.
 He is best known for his Indian and Pakistani TV commercials and for his portrayal of Rajveer Singh Ahluwalia in "Kitani Mohabbat Hai Season 2" which was telecast on Imagine TV.
 He is presently playing the character of Superstar Anand Kumar opposite Additi Gupta in ZEE TV's Qubool Hai.
