Marc Wiese is a Dortmund-born German documentary filmmaker, best known for "", about Shin Dong-hyuk, the only person known to have ever successfully escaped from a North Korean prison labor camp (where he was born), and to breach the borders of North Korea itself to China, arriving eventually in South Korea.
The Wild Man of the Navidad (or the Wild Woman of the Navidad) is believed to be one of the first sightings of Bigfoot in Texas.
Jungle Woman is a 1944 horror film released by Universal Pictures and starring Acquanetta, Evelyn Ankers, J. Carrol Naish, Samuel S. Hinds, Lois Collier, Milburn Stone, and Douglass Dumbrille.
 This is a sequel to "Captive Wild Woman" and was followed by "The Jungle Captive".
The Jungle Captive is a 1945 sequel to "Jungle Woman" (1944), which had been preceded by "Captive Wild Woman" (1943).
 "The Jungle Captive" features Otto Kruger, Amelita Ward, and Rondo Hatton (as a character named "Moloch").
 Vicky Lane plays Paula Dupree, a lead character from the two earlier films.
 The film was written by Dwight V. Babcock and directed by Harold Young.
The Pas de la Dame Sauvage (French; "Passage of arms of the wild lady") was a "pas d'armes" held at Ghent in 1470 by the Burgundian knight Claude de Vauldray in the presence of Duke Charles the Bold and his court.
 The "wild lady" ("dame sauvage") of the hastilude (a series of jousts defending a certain pass) was allegorical.
 In the epistle circulated by Claude to announce the games, he describes a romantic tale of a knight who "left the wealthy kingdom of "Enfance" (Childhood), and came to a wild poor and sterile land called "Jeunesse" (Youth)."
 The knight must make a "wild woman" his lady in the land of Youth, just as a young knight must prove himself through feats of arms (the "pas d'armes") in order to merit a lady.
 The wild woman of the allegory is described as naked and covered only by her long blonde hair and a floral garland.
 In fact, Claude was led into the lists by a fleet of "wild" men and women.
A fire lookout tower, fire tower or lookout tower, provides housing and protection for a person known as a "fire lookout" whose duty it is to search for wildfires in the wilderness.
 The fire lookout tower is a small building, usually located on the summit of a mountain or other high vantage point, in order to maximize the viewing distance and range, known as "view shed".
 From this vantage point the fire lookout can see smoke that may develop, determine the location by using a device known as an "Osborne Fire Finder", and call fire suppression personnel to the fire.
 Lookouts also report weather changes and plot the location of lightning strikes during storms.
 The location of the strike is monitored for a period of days after in case of ignition.
Mary MacLane (May 1, 1881 – "c".
 August 6, 1929) was a controversial Canadian-born American writer whose frank memoirs helped usher in the confessional style of autobiographical writing.
 MacLane was known as the "Wild Woman of Butte".
Ralph Austin Bard (July 29, 1884 – April 5, 1975) was a Chicago financier who served as Assistant Secretary of the Navy, 1941–1944, and as Under Secretary, 1944–1945.
 He is noted for a memorandum he wrote to Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson in 1945 urging that Japan be given a warning before the use of the atomic bomb on a strategic city.
 He was "the only person known to have formally dissented from the use of the atomic bomb without advance warning."
Doxbin was a document sharing and publishing website which invited users to contribute personally identifiable information, or "dox", of any person of interest.
 It was previously operated on the darknet as a Tor hidden service, by a person known on the internet as nachash.
 Since its takedown in 2014, nachash has stepped down and relieved his ownership to a predecessor that used the username, king oren, when interviewed.
 He told in an interview that he is hosting the Doxbin on public access, referring to World Wide Web, along with he is hosting it on darknet and Tor hidden service websites, although he would not release the link to either of them and was quoted as saying, "The people that use the service, know how to find it, that's what keeps it secure and out of the reach of incompetent people using it for malice things."
Dawud Salahuddin, sometimes spelled Daoud Salahuddin (also known as Hassan Abdulrahman or Hassan Tantai) is an American convert to Islam who in 1980 killed Ali Akbar Tabatabai, an Iranian dissident and critic of Ruhollah Khomeini, and is in exile in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
 He shot Tabatabai at his home in Bethesda, Maryland, posing as mailman in the last known successful Iranian assassination plot on U.S. soil.
 He is the last person known to have seen Robert Levinson, an FBI agent who has been missing since 2007.
