Good Morning, Miami is a sitcom which ran from 2002 to 2004 on NBC.
 Created by David Kohan and Max Mutchnick, the show focused on the personal and professional life of Jake, the executive producer of the lowest-rated morning show in the country, based in Miami.
Boston Common was an American television sitcom created by David Kohan and Max Mutchnick, and aired on NBC from 1996 to 1997.
 The series was one of the 10 highest rated shows in its first season as it ranked 8th in the yearly ratings with a 15.6 household rating, but with a move to Sundays in its second season, the show dropped from 8th to 52nd place.
David Sanford Kohan (born April 16, 1964) is an American television producer and writer.
 After writing for "The Wonder Years" and "The Dennis Miller Show", Kohan co-created and produced "Will & Grace", "Boston Common", "Good Morning, Miami", "Twins" and "Four Kings" with Max Mutchnick.
 Kohan has won an Emmy and a People's Choice Award.
 He has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award.
 He and his business partner Max Mutchnick worked on a half-hour comedy series for CBS called "Partners".
Will & Grace is an American sitcom created by Max Mutchnick and David Kohan.
 Set in New York City, the show focuses on the relationship between best friends Will Truman (Eric McCormack), a gay lawyer, and Grace Adler (Debra Messing), a straight interior designer.
 The show was broadcast on NBC from September 21, 1998 to May 18, 2006, for a total of eight seasons, and re-started its run on NBC on September 28, 2017.
 During its original run, "Will & Grace" was one of the most successful television series with gay principal characters.
Partners is an American comedy series that aired on CBS from September 24 to November 12, 2012, on Monday nights at 8:30 p.m., following the sitcom "How I Met Your Mother".
 The series was created by "Will & Grace" creators Max Mutchnick and David Kohan, who also served as the show's executive producers and it stars Michael Urie, David Krumholtz, Sophia Bush, and Brandon Routh.
James Carroll (December 20, 1955 – April 27, 2016) was an American-born Canadian actor and radio personality, best known for playing Max Sutton on "Wind at My Back", which aired on CBC Television from 1996 to 2001.
 Most recently, Carroll found a second career as a community radio host and personality based in Huntsville, Ontario.
 Carroll initially joined Hunters Bay Radio (CKAR-FM) in 2010 as the host of a local afternoon radio show.
 However, he soon became involved in the growth of the community station, hosting a Top 20 countdown, a Motown show on Mondays, and a local talent show.
 Carroll helped Hunters Bay Radio expand from its origins as a small, online station broadcast from a household basement into a full FM radio station with a staff of 60 employees by 2016.
"Pilot" (also known as "Love and Marriage") is the first episode of "Will & Grace"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s first season.
 It was written by David Kohan and Max Mutchnick, and directed by James Burrows.
 It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on September 21, 1998.
 In the episode, Grace Adler receives an unexpected marriage proposal from her boyfriend.
 Her gay best friend Will Truman tries to support her, but finally tells her that she is making a big mistake, even though he risks losing their friendship.
 The situation gets complicated when Grace's socialite assistant, Karen Walker, and Will's flamboyantly gay friend, Jack McFarland, interfere.
"Marry Me a Little, Marry Me a Little More" is a double-length episode of the American television series "Will & Grace"' s fifth season.
 It was written by Jeff Greenstein and Bill Wrubel and directed by series producer James Burrows.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on November 21, 2002.
 Guest stars in "Marry Me a Little, Marry Me a Little More" include Harry Connick Jr., Katie Couric, Judith Ivey, and Debbie Reynolds.
Four Kings is an American sitcom introduced as a part of NBC's winter 2006 programming but cancelled before the end of the season.
 It aired at 8:30pm on Thursdays.
 It starred Seth Green, Josh Cooke, Shane McRae, and Todd Grinnell.
 The show was created by David Kohan and Max Mutchnick, both of whom created "Will & Grace".
The Stones is a sitcom television series that starred Robert Klein, Judith Light, Lindsay Sloane and Jay Baruchel as the Stone family that are divorced but still live under the same roof.
 The show premiered on CBS on March 17, 2004 and was canceled after 3 episodes due to low ratings.
 It was supposed to begin in 2003 but was delayed.
 It was produced by David Kohan, Max Mutchnick and Jenji Kohan.
