Storyville is Robbie Robertson's second solo album.
 It is focused on the famous jazz homeland section of New Orleans and on that part of the South in particular.
 He contributed one song ("Breakin' the Rules") to Wim Wenders' soundtrack to his 1991 film, "Until the End of the World".
"Brewing Up a Storm" is the best known song of the Irish musical ensemble The Stunning, popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
 It featured as the sixth track on the 1990 album "Paradise in the Picturehouse", the second track on the 1992 album "Once Around the World" and the fourth track on 1994's "Milking the Hits".
 The song has become an anthem and can still be heard in football stadiums and clubs around Ireland to this day.
 It is now also heard as the theme tune to the current affairs television programme "Capital D" and has also featured on the soundtrack to the 1991 film "The Commitments".
"Breakin' My Heart (Pretty Brown Eyes)" is a song performed by Mint Condition, issued as the second single from their debut album "Meant to Be Mint".
 The song was written by band members Jeffrey Allen, Lawrence Waddell and Stokley Williams.
 Released in 1991, the song is their biggest hit to date, peaking at #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1992.
 The single spent 34 weeks total on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks and 20 weeks in the top 40 of the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
Michael "Boogaloo Shrimp" Chambers (born November 13, 1967) is an American dancer and actor known for his role as "Turbo" in the 1984 cult film "Breakin'" and the sequel "".
 In both movies he is credited as Boogaloo Shrimp, a name that remains linked to the Hollywood phase of popping, boogaloo and robot dancing, as well as the freestyle art of b-boying.
 During the height of the popularity of those movies, Chambers, along with his "Breakin<nowiki>'</nowiki>" co-star Adolfo "Shabba Doo" Quiñones and other dancers from the film, was prominently featured in the 1984 music video for Chaka Khan's song "I Feel for You".
Leslie R. Bega is an American theater, film and television actress, known for performances in "Head of the Class", David Lynch's "Lost Highway", and as a recurring cast member in "" and "The Sopranos".
 She is also featured as a dancer in the breakdancing films "Breakin" and "".
 She played the role of Anna Lansky (née Sitrone) in 1991's "Mobsters".
"Breakin'... There's No Stopping Us" is a song by American music duo Ollie & Jerry.
 Released in 1984 as a single from the soundtrack to the film "Breakin'", the song reached No. 9 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 and No. 5 on the UK Singles Chart.
 It is the theme song to the film "Breakin<nowiki>'</nowiki>".
 The drum was played with a Roland TR-808 and Linn LM-1.
Breakin' All the Rules is a 2004 American comedy film.
 It was directed and written by Daniel Taplitz.
Rappin' is a 1985 film directed by Joel Silberg, written by Adam Friedman and Robert J. Litz, produced by Menahem Golan and Yoram Globus and starring Mario Van Peebles.
 The film is a sequel to "", and is also known as Breakdance 3: Electric Boogaloo.
 Although it features Ice-T (who featured in "Breakin'" and "Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo"), "Rappin<nowiki>'</nowiki>" has a plot unconnected to the previous two films and features different lead characters and locations.
 The film has developed a small cult following, despite Van Peebles' lack of rapping ability and the film's overall poor production values.
"(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams.
 Written by Adams, Michael Kamen and Robert John "Mutt" Lange, featured on two albums simultaneously on its release, the soundtrack album from the 1991 film "" and on Adams' sixth album "Waking Up the Neighbours" (1991).
 The song was an enormous chart success internationally, particularly in the United Kingdom, where it spent sixteen consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Chart (the longest in British chart history).
 It went on to sell more than 15 million copies worldwide, making it Adams' most successful song and one of the best-selling singles of all time.
 Subsequently, the song has been covered by hundreds of singers and artists around the world.
Danny Hill Comden is an American actor, director, film producer and writer.
 He is best known for playing Stevie Hanson in the ABC sitcom "I'm with Her", Blake in "Urban Legend" and Roger Nicholl in "Pretty Persuasion".
 He wrote and directed "Sol Goode", in which he also starred.
 He also appeared in "Father of Invention", "Dunston Checks In", "Breakin' All the Rules" and "Dirt.
