Inglis Barracks was a military installation in Mill Hill, London, NW7.
 Also was referred to as Mill Hill Barracks.
The Thiepval Barracks bombing was a double car bomb attack carried out by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) on 7 October 1996.
 The bombs exploded inside Thiepval Barracks, the British Army headquarters in Northern Ireland.
 One British soldier was killed and 31 people were injured.
 This bombing was the first major attack on a military base in Northern Ireland since the ending of the IRA's ceasefire on 9 February 1996, when it exploded a large bomb in London's Docklands.
The Inglis Barracks bombing was a bomb attack carried out by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (PIRA) on 1 August 1988 on a British Army barracks called Inglis Barracks in Mill Hill, London.
 The attack killed one soldier and injured nine more and destroyed large parts of the barracks.
 It was the first IRA attack in England since the 1984 Brighton Bombing.
The Deal barracks bombing was an attack by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) on the Royal Marine Depot, Deal, England.
 It took place at 8:22 am on 22 September 1989, when the IRA exploded a time bomb at the Royal Marines School of Music building.
 The building collapsed, killing 11 marines from the Royal Marines Band Service and wounding another 21.
The Inman Report, formally known as the Report of the Secretary of State's Advisory Panel on Overseas Security, was a report released in 1985 in response to the Marine barracks bombing and the April 1983 US Embassy bombing in Beirut, Lebanon.
 The report is usually known by the name of its chairman, Admiral Bobby Ray Inman, USN (Ret.)
The British Forces Post Office (BFPO) provides a postal service to HM Forces, separate from that provided by Royal Mail in the United Kingdom.
 BFPO addresses are used for the delivery of mail in the UK and around the world.
 BFPO moved from its original base at Inglis Barracks, Mill Hill to its current based at RAF Northolt in North West London in 2007.
The 1973 Old Bailey bombing was a car bomb attack carried out by the Provisional IRA (PIRA) which took place outside the Old Bailey Courthouse on 8 March 1973.
 The attack was carried out by a 10-person ASU from the Provisional IRA Belfast Brigade.
 The unit also exploded a second bomb which went off outside the Ministry of Agriculture in London on the same day at around the same time the bomb at the Old Bailey bomb went off.
 This was the Provisional IRA's first major attack on mainland Britain since The Troubles began back in 1969.
 One British civilian died of a heart attack attributed to the bombing, estimates of the injured range from 180 - 220.
 Two additional bombs were found and defused.
 Nine people from Belfast were convicted six months later for the bombing, and one acquitted for providing information to the police.
The 1972 Aldershot bombing was an attack by the Official Irish Republican Army (Official IRA) using a car bomb on 22 February 1972 in Aldershot, England.
 The bomb targeted the headquarters of the British Army's 16th Parachute Brigade and was claimed as a revenge attack for Bloody Sunday.
 Seven civilian staff (mostly female cleaners) were killed and 19 were wounded.
 It was the Official IRA's largest attack in Britain during "the Troubles" and one of its last major actions before it declared a permanent ceasefire in May 1972.
 The perpetrator Noel Jenkinson was a Protestant originally from Meath, but had been living in England since 1958; he had been a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain before joining the British Maoist group CDRCU.
The Harrods bombing usually refers to the car bomb that exploded outside Harrods department store in central London on Saturday 17 December 1983.
 Members of the Provisional IRA planted the time bomb and sent a warning 37 minutes before it exploded, but the area was not evacuated.
 The blast killed three police officers and three civilians, injured 90 people, and caused much damage.
 The IRA Army Council claimed it had not authorised the attack and expressed regret for the civilian casualties.
 The IRA had been bombing commercial targets in England since the early 1970s, as part of its "economic war".
 The goal was to damage the economy and cause disruption, which would put pressure on the British government to withdraw from Northern Ireland.
The Glenanne barracks bombing was a large truck bomb attack carried out by the Provisional IRA against a British Army (Ulster Defence Regiment) base at Glenanne, near Mountnorris, County Armagh.
 The driverless lorry was rolled down a hill at the rear of the barracks and crashed through the perimeter fence.
 The bombing took place on 31 May 1991 and left three soldiers killed and 14 people wounded, four of them civilians.
