Bill Cosby is a Very Funny Fellow...Right!
 is the debut album release by Bill Cosby.
 It was recorded live at the nightclub The Bitter End in New York City's Greenwich Village during early 1963.
 The album includes three sketches about Noah.
At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings is an album by Bill Cosby.
 It is his fifth music-based album and the only one released on the Stax Records-distributed Partee Records.
 It features appearances from former Stevie Wonder band members like future R&B star Ray Parker, Jr. on guitar, and also features a second collaboration with his songwriting partner Stu Gardner, who plays organ on this set.
"Yes, Yes, Yes" is a musical comedy/parody song co-written, recorded and released as a single in 1976 by comedian Bill Cosby.
 The song came from Cosby's 1976 album, "Bill Cosby Is Not Himself These Days".
Disco Bill (1977) is an album by Bill Cosby.
 It is his fifth, and last, musical comedy/parody album.
 As with "Bill Cosby Is Not Himself These Days", Cosby stated he improvised much of the material on the album; as its name implies, the album spoofs the disco craze of the late 1970s.
Why Is There Air?
 (1965) is Bill Cosby's third album.
 It was recorded at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 It won the 1966 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.
Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971) is an album by Bill Cosby.
 Unlike most of his recordings, this is not a full-fledged comedy album, but rather a record intended for children to school them on the dangers of drugs through songs and dialogue.
 It won the Grammy Award in 1972 for Best Recording for Children.
Bill's Best Friend is the 17th comedy album by Bill Cosby.
 Much of the material was recycled in the film and accompanying album "Himself".
 The story of the car with the airplane engine was previously attributed to Fat Albert, while on this album the owner is referred to as "Charlie Waynes".
 The car in the Fat Albert sketch was a 1941 Mercury.
 The car on this album is a 1942 DeSoto.
 This album and his previous Capitol Records album were repackaged in Australia as a two-CD set in 1992 called "The Bill Cosby Collection".
The Original Jam Sessions 1969 is a 2004 released album by Quincy Jones and Bill Cosby recorded as backing music for "The Bill Cosby Show" in 1969.
theme song for "The Bill Cosby Show", and was also released as a well-known single in 1969.
 It was written and performed by Quincy Jones and Bill Cosby.
 It is known for its nonsense lyrics.
 It is on the album "Smackwater Jack".
 "Hikky Burr" was featured on the album "The Original Jam Sessions 1969", and on "The Best of Bill Cosby".
Inside the Mind of Bill Cosby (1972) is the 14th album of stand up comedy by Bill Cosby.
 It is the fifteenth such album he released, but only the fourth on Uni Records (when that label folded, the album was distributed by its parent company, MCA).
 The album is available on compact disc, but to date the other Uni albums have not been so released.
