"They" is the third-person plural personal pronoun (subjective case) in Modern English.
 It can also be used with singular meaning, particularly in informal contexts, sometimes to avoid specifying the gender of the person referred to.
The Arrow of Gold is a novel by Joseph Conrad, published in 1919.
 It was originally titled "The Laugh" and published serially in "Lloyd's Magazine" from December 1918 to February 1920.
 The story is set in Marseille in the 1870s during the Third Carlist War.
 The characters of the novel are supporters of the Spanish Pretender Carlos, Duke of Madrid.
 Curiously, the novel features a person referred to as "Lord X", whose activities as arms smuggler resemble those of the Carlist politician Tirso de Olazábal y Lardizábal, Count of Arbelaiz.
Cloud cuckoo land refers to a state of absurdly, over-optimistic fantasy or an unrealistically idealistic state where everything is perfect.
 Someone who is said to "live in cloud cuckoo land" is a person who thinks that things that are completely impossible might happen, rather than understanding how things really are.
 It also hints that the person referred to is naive, unaware of realities or deranged in holding such an optimistic belief.
Tadoma is a method of communication used by deafblind individuals, in which the deafblind person places their thumb on the speaker's lips and their fingers along the jawline.
 The middle three fingers often fall along the speaker's cheeks with the little finger picking up the vibrations of the speaker's throat.
 It is sometimes referred to as 'tactile lipreading', as the deafblind person feels the movement of the lips, as well as vibrations of the vocal cords, puffing of the cheeks and the warm air produced by nasal sounds such as 'N' and 'M'.
 There are variations in the hand positioning, and it is a method sometimes used by people to support their remaining hearing.
Gender-neutral language or gender-inclusive language is language that avoids bias toward a particular sex or social gender.
 In English, this includes use of nouns that are not gender-specific to refer to roles or professions, as well as avoidance of the pronoun "he" (including the forms "him" and "his") to refer to people of unknown or indeterminate gender.
 For example, the words "policeman" and "stewardess" are gender-specific; the corresponding gender-neutral terms are "police officer" and "flight attendant".
 Other gender-specific terms, such as "actor" and "actress", may be replaced by the originally male term; for example, "actor" used regardless of gender.
 Some terms, such as "chairman", that contain the component "-man" but have traditionally been used to refer to persons regardless of sex are now seen by some as gender-specific.
 When the gender of the person referred to is unknown or indeterminate, a gender-specific pronoun such as "he" may be avoided by using a gender-neutral pronoun – possibilities in English include "he or she", "s/he", or singular "they".
The scienter action is a category within [tort] law in some[common law] jurisdictions which deals with the damage done by an animal directly to a human.
 It had a long history in English law, although it was abolished by the [Animals Act 1971].
 An action in those common law jurisdictions where it has not been extinguished by statute, is in addition to the torts of negligence and nuisance, or more bespoke torts like cattle trespass.
 Where an animal is known to behave in a certain way, and that is expressed on a person causing injury, an action can be taken in this tort.
 This tort is not available in New South Wales, The Australian Capital Territory, South Australia or New Zealand.
 In these jurisdictions the actions involving animals need to be in nuisance or negligence.
 To be successful the plaintiff needs to take action against the person in control of the animal, and it is strict liability, requiring no more than proof of injury, that the animal had a problematic trait, and the person in control knew about the trait in the animal.
 Being strict liability, there is no need to argue fault in the form of wilful intent or negligence on the part of the animal or its controller.
 The only defence is if it can be proved the plaintiff voluntarily assumed the risk of injury by their actions, or if the plaintiff was the cause of the injury.
 It is common to distinguish between harmless animals and wild animals.
 No scienter is needed for wild animals.
 Animals are classed as wild or harmless on the basis of species or kind, not on the basis of being a tame individual.
 An elephant is considered wild irrespective of its use.
 The scienter action is referred to in Rylands v. Fletcher in that one who keeps a wild thing “must keep it at his peril” to make reference to part of Justice Colin Blackburn’s comment.
The need for affiliation (N-Affil) is a term that was popularized by David McClelland and describes a person's need to feel a sense of involvement and "belonging" within a social group; McClellend's thinking was strongly influenced by the pioneering work of Henry Murray who first identified underlying psychological human needs and motivational processes (1938).
 It was Murray who set out a taxonomy of needs, including achievement, power and affiliation—and placed these in the context of an integrated motivational model.
 People with a high need for affiliation require warm interpersonal relationships and approval from those with whom they have regular contact.
 Having a strong bond with others make a person feel as if they are a part of something important that creates a powerful impact.
 People who place high emphasis on affiliation tend to be supportive team members, but may be less effective in leadership positions.
 A person who takes part in a group, whether it be a movement or project, create a push towards a sense of achievement and satisfaction for the individual and the whole.
A foreign language is originally from another country.
 It is also a language not spoken in the native country of the person referred to, i.e., an English speaker living in Spain can say that Spanish is a foreign language to him or her.
 These two characterisations do not exhaust the possible definitions, however, and the label is occasionally applied in ways that are variously misleading or factually inaccurate.
The Offences against the Person Act 1861 (24 & 25 Vict c 100) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
 It consolidated provisions related to offences against the person (an expression, which, in particular, includes offences of violence) from a number of earlier statutes into a single Act.
 For the most part these provisions were, according to the draftsman of the Act, incorporated with little or no variation in their phraseology.
 It is one of a group of Acts sometimes referred to as the criminal law consolidation Acts 1861.
 It was passed with the object of simplifying the law.
 It is essentially a revised version of an earlier consolidation Act, the Offences against the Person Act 1828 (and the equivalent Irish Act), incorporating subsequent statutes.
Core stability refers to a person's ability to stabilize their core.
 Stability, in this context, should be considered as an ability to control the position and movement of the core.
 Thus, if a person has greater core stability, they have a greater level of control over the position and movement of this area of their body.
 The body's core is frequently involved in aiding other movements of the body, such as the limbs, and it is considered that by improving core stability a person's ability to perform these other movements may also be improved i.e. core stability training may help improve someone's running ability.
 The bodies core region is sometimes referred to as the torso or the trunk, although there are some differences in the muscles identified as constituting them.
 The major muscles involved in core stability include the pelvic floor muscles, transversus abdominis, multifidus, internal and external obliques, rectus abdominis, erector spinae (sacrospinalis) especially the longissimus thoracis, and the diaphragm.
 The minor muscles involved include the latissimus dorsi, gluteus maximus, and trapezius.
 Notably, breathing, including the action of the diaphragm, can significantly influence the posture and movement of the core; this is especially apparent in regard to extreme ranges of inhalation and exhalation.
 On this basis, how a person is breathing may influence their ability to control their core.
