"I'm Yours" is a 1952 popular song by Robert Mellin.
 Recordings of it were made by Eddie Fisher (the biggest hit version), Don Cornell, The Four Aces, and Toni Arden.
Eddie Fisher Sings is a 1952 album by Eddie Fisher.
 It was issued as a 10-inch long-playing record by RCA Victor Records.
I'm in the Mood for Love is the name of a 1952 album by Eddie Fisher, reissued in 1955, featuring the song of the same name.
 It was issued as a 10-inch long-playing record by RCA Victor Records.
Todd Emmanuel Fisher (born February 24, 1958) is an American actor, director, cinematographer, and producer of television films and documentaries.
 Fisher is the son of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds.
"Love Runs Out" is a song recorded by American pop rock band OneRepublic for the 2014 reissue of their third studio album "Native" (2013).
 It was produced by Ryan Tedder, who co-wrote the song with Brent Kutzle, Drew Brown, Zach Filkins, and Eddie Fisher.
 The song was digitally released in Australia on April 14, 2014, and was serviced to contemporary hit radio in the United States on May 6 as the fifth overall single from the album.
Coke Time with Eddie Fisher is an American musical variety television series starring singer Eddie Fisher which was broadcast by NBC on Wednesday nights in early prime time from 1953 to 1957.
 The program was aired from 7:30 to 7:45 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesdays and Fridays, and was not seen during the summer months.
 (A radio edition, recorded from previous TV soundtracks, was also heard on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7:45 P.M. Eastern Time over the Mutual Broadcasting System from 1953 through 1955).
Ben Raleigh (June 16, 1913, New York – February 26, 1997, Hollywood) was an American lyricist and composer responsible for a number of major hits, including "Dungaree Doll", "Wonderful, Wonderful", "Hold on Girl", "She's a Fool", "I Don't Wanna Be a Loser", "Laughing on the Outside (Crying on the Inside)", “Love is a Hurtin' Thing”, “Tell Laura I Love Her” and "That's How Heartaches Are Made".
 His songs were recorded by artists such as Eddie Fisher, Nat King Cole, Johnny Mathis, Aretha Franklin, Bobby Darin, The Monkees, Dinah Shore, Lesley Gore, Ray Peterson and Lou Rawls.
 "Tell Laura I Love Her" reached No.1 in the UK in 1960.
 "Laughing on the Outside (Crying on the Inside)" peaked at No.3 in the United States in 1946.
"Moody's Mood for Love" is a 1952 song by Eddie Jefferson, whose melody is derived from an improvised solo by jazz saxophonist James Moody on a 1949 recording of the 1935 song "I'm in the Mood for Love".
 It gained widespread popularity after being recorded in 1954 by singer King Pleasure.
 It has since been covered by many artists.
 Moody himself adopted the song as his own, recording it with Jefferson on the 1956 album "Moody's Mood for Love" and often singing the song himself in concert.
Edwin John "Eddie" Fisher (August 10, 1928 – September 22, 2010) was an American singer and actor.
 He was the most successful pop singles artist during the first half of the 1950s, selling millions of records and hosting his own TV show.
 Fisher divorced his first wife, actress Debbie Reynolds, to marry Reynolds' best friend, actress Elizabeth Taylor, after Taylor's husband, film producer Mike Todd, was killed in a plane crash.
 The scandalous affair was widely reported, bringing unfavorable publicity to Fisher.
 He later married Connie Stevens.
 Fisher fathered Carrie Fisher and Todd Fisher with Reynolds, and Joely Fisher and Tricia Leigh Fisher with Stevens.
Let There Be Love is Joni James debut album, recorded in 1953 and released by MGM Records at the end of the year.
 It was released in a four-disc 10-inch 78-rpm record box, in both a two-disc 7-inch 45-rpm extended-play foldout album and a four-disc 45-rpm regular-play box and on a 10-inch 33⅓-rpm album.
 The serial number, 222, coincidentally included James's lucky number, "22," which appeared in many of her record serial numbers all over the world.
 The album is the first to present its songs as a book in music, opening with "Let There Be Love" and closing with "I'll Be Seeing You", with the songs telling a story start to finish.
 The memorable cover was done at M-G-M Pictures Studios in Culver City by artist Russ Gale.
 From the album a single of "Let There Be Love" and "You're Nearer" was shipped to radio stations.
 Then, by public demand, a single of "You're My Everything" and "You're Nearer" was released.
 This album offered Joni's second recording of "Let There Be Love," which had been released in an earlier version in 1952 as her first single on Sharp Records in Chicago, then going to M-G-M Records for further distribution.
 Both recordings were arranged and conducted by Lew Douglas.
 "Let There Be Love" went to the top of the album charts and was the sixth-best-selling album of 1953.
 In 1956 the album was reissued as a 12-inch L.P. and in three single EPs; there was no EP set including the entire album.
 For this release, four Joni James singles were added, but one of them had never been released.
 That was "I Need You Now," which was to have followed the hit "My Love, My Love" but was canceled when Eddie Fisher came out with a version recorded several weeks after Joni's.
 M-G-M had expected Joni's original version to go straight to #1.
 For the new album the first four songs and second four songs were switched to get "You're My Everything" in the outside groove of the L.P. to facilitate disc jockey play.
 So, for 50 years, the story the album tells has been garbled.
 In 1961 the album got new cover art, a new serial number (E3931), and an electronically simulated stereo release.
 Released again on compact disk with yet more bonus tracks, the album is in its fifth decade as a best seller.
 Joni James hopes for yet another release which will restore the original song order.
 Significantly, for her last M-G-M album, "Bossa Nova Style", Joni included new recordings of several songs from "Let There Be Love", including a new single of "You're Nearer."
 That album was arranged by Lew Douglas's protégé Chuck Sagle.
 This information comes from Wayne Brasler, longtime President of the Joni James International Fan Club and the writer of the album notes for all Joni James' CD releases.
