The 1997 IAAF Grand Prix Final was the thirteenth edition of the season-ending competition for the IAAF Grand Prix track and field circuit, organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
 It was held on 13 September at the Hakatanomori Athletic Stadium in Fukuoka City, Japan.
The 1996 IAAF Grand Prix Final was the twelfth edition of the season-ending competition for the IAAF Grand Prix track and field circuit, organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
 It was held on 7 September at the Arena Civica in Milan, Italy.
The 1990 IAAF Grand Prix Final was the sixth edition of the season-ending competition for the IAAF Grand Prix track and field circuit, organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
 It was held on 7 September at the Olympic Stadium (Athens) in Athens, Greece.
 Leroy Burrell (100 metres) and Merlene Ottey (200 metres) were the overall points winners of the tournament.
 This was Ottey's second series win (having previously won in 1987) and made her the second woman to win the honour twice, after Paula Ivan.
 The number of athletics events in the programme reached eighteen for the first time, with ten for men and eight for women.
The 1987 IAAF Grand Prix Final was the third edition of the season-ending competition for the IAAF Grand Prix track and field circuit, organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
 It was held on 11 September at the King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels, Belgium.
 Tonie Campbell (110 metres hurdles) and Merlene Ottey (100 metres) were the overall points winners of the tournament.
The 1998 IAAF Grand Prix Final was the fourteenth edition of the season-ending competition for the IAAF Grand Prix track and field circuit, organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
 It was held on 5 September at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow, Russia.
The 2001 IAAF Grand Prix Final was the seventeenth edition of the season-ending competition for the IAAF Grand Prix track and field circuit, organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
 It was held on 9 September at the Olympic Park Stadium in Melbourne, Australia.
 It was the first and only time that the event was held in the southern hemisphere (international track and field seasons typically revolve around a northern hemisphere schedule).
The 1998 IAAF Golden League was the first edition of the annual international track and field meeting series, held from 9 July to 5 September.
 It was contested at six European meetings: the Bislett Games, Golden Gala, Herculis, Weltklasse Zürich, Memorial Van Damme and the Internationales Stadionfest (ISTAF).
 The series tied in with the 1998 IAAF Grand Prix Final, with the jackpot of US$1,000,000 being decided at that competition.
 The million-dollar prize represented the single largest prize pot ever in athletics at that point.
The 2000 IAAF Grand Prix Final was the sixteenth edition of the season-ending competition for the IAAF Grand Prix track and field circuit, organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
 It was held on 5 October at the Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar.
 It was the first and only time that the event was held outside of September, due in part to Qatar's hot desert climate.
The 1999 IAAF Grand Prix Final was the fifteenth edition of the season-ending competition for the IAAF Grand Prix track and field circuit, organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
 It was held on 11 September at the Olympic Stadium in Munich, Germany.
The 2002 IAAF Grand Prix Final was the eighteenth edition of the season-ending competition for the IAAF Grand Prix track and field circuit, organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
 It was held on 14 September at the Stade Sébastien Charléty in Paris, France.
 Paris became the third city to host the event for a second time, following Rome and Fontvieille.
