The North Carolina Tar Heels are the athletic teams representing the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 The name Tar Heel is a nickname used to refer to individuals from the state of North Carolina, the "Tar Heel State".
 The campus at Chapel Hill is referred to as the "University of North Carolina" for the purposes of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill was chartered in 1789, and in 1795 it became the first state-supported university in the United States.
 Since the school fostered the oldest collegiate team in the Carolinas, the school took on the nickname "Carolina," especially in athletics.
 The Tar Heels are also referred to as North Carolina, UNC, or The Heels.
The Preservation Society of Chapel Hill (PSCH) is a tax-exempt, nonprofit organization located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
 Founded in 1972 by Ida Friday (wife of William Friday) and Georgia Kyser (wife of Kay Kyser), the society works to save and restore Chapel Hill's natural and man-made, historic artifacts.
 PSCH is heavily involved in the preservation of local murals, rock walls, historic neighborhoods, and important local structures.
 In addition, the group works with the Town of Chapel Hill and other local governments to promote government zoning of historic locales and districts, and it promotes legislation that could aid conservationist efforts.
 To further increase the town's enthusiasm about its history, the society periodically gives tours of Chapel Hill's salient historic landmarks.
North Carolina Highway 86 (NC 86) is a 53.1 mi state highway in North Carolina that runs north and south through Caswell and Orange counties from Chapel Hill, North Carolina to the Virginia state line at Danville.
 The highway primarily links up the towns of Chapel Hill, Hillsborough, and Yanceyville, along with providing a route between Chapel Hill and Virginia.
 Between Chapel Hill and Hillsborough, NC 86 serves as an alternative to Interstate 40 (I-40).
Halloween on Franklin Street is a yearly tradition in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, that encompasses a massive gathering on Franklin Street, the cultural hub of the town.
 The Halloween celebration began in the early 1980s as a considerably smaller event, involving Chapel Hill residents and college students from The University of North Carolina.
 Attendees of the event dress up in creative Halloween costumes and walk up and down Franklin Street celebrating the holiday.
 Since its beginnings, the event had grown in size every year until 2008.
 Although not sponsored by the Town of Chapel Hill, the celebration has become an attraction for visitors from across the South.
 Between 2004 and 2007, it was estimated that about 80,000 people converged on Franklin Street for the event, while Chapel Hill is estimated to have a population of 54,492 as listed in the 2007 census, evidence of the number of people who make the trip to Chapel Hill to attend.
 Because of the size of the celebration, the Town of Chapel Hill closes Franklin Street to all vehicular traffic and prohibits parking anywhere near downtown.
 Along with the big crowds come safety issues, with some of the biggest concerns being alcohol poisoning and gang-related violence.
 To deal with these issues, hundreds of police officers patrol the downtown area throughout the entire night.
 In 2007, approximately 400 police officers were deployed to Franklin Street to ensure that nothing got out of hand.
 In 2008, the Town of Chapel Hill implemented new measures to attempt to cut down on the size of the Halloween celebration in an action dubbed "Homegrown Halloween" to reduce the crowd size and discourage people from out of town to come to Chapel Hill.
 The shuttle service that had formerly transported people from park and ride lots to Franklin Street was shut down and the results of Chapel Hill's efforts showed when about 35,000 people showed up for the event.
Franklin Street is a prominent thoroughfare in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
 Historic Franklin Street is considered the center of social life for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, as well as the town of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and it is home to numerous coffee shops, restaurants, museums, bookshops, music stores and bars.
 The street in downtown Chapel Hill is notable for its festivities, nightlife, and culture.
 The stretch of college-oriented businesses continues west into neighboring Carrboro.
 Both streets are home to small music venues, like the Cat's Cradle and the Carrboro Arts Center, which were influential in the birth of Chapel Hill rock, and Chapel Hill's Morehead Planetarium and Science Center, as well as the Ackland Art Museum.
The West Chapel Hill Historic District is a national historic district in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
 The district comprises several small neighborhoods and is roughly bounded by West Cameron Avenue, Malette Street, Ransom Street, Pittsboro Street, University Drive and the Westwood Subdivision.
 The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The district encompasses an upper-middle class residential neighborhood that developed during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
 The growth of the district is related to the development of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the town of Chapel Hill.
The Research Triangle, commonly referred to as simply The Triangle, is a region in the Piedmont of North Carolina in the United States, anchored by North Carolina State University, Duke University, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and the cities of Raleigh and Durham and the town of Chapel Hill.
 The eight-county region, officially named the Raleigh–Durham–Chapel Hill combined statistical area (CSA), comprises the Raleigh and Durham–Chapel Hill metropolitan areas and the Dunn, Henderson, Oxford, and Sanford Micropolitan Statistical Areas.
 A 2013 Census estimate put the population at 2,037,430, making it the second largest metropolitan area in the state of North Carolina behind Charlotte.
 The Raleigh–Durham television market includes a broader 24-county area which includes Fayetteville, and has a population of 2,726,000 persons.
Chapel Hill Transit operates public bus and van transportation services within the contiguous municipalities of Chapel Hill and Carrboro and the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the southeast corner of Orange County in the Research Triangle metropolitan region of North Carolina.
 Chapel Hill Transit began operation in August 1974.
 Total ridership, including fixed route, EZ Rider and Shared Ride Feeder service, for fiscal year 2015 was almost 6.5 million ridership.
UNC Health Care is a not-for-profit medical system owned by the State of North Carolina and based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 It provides services throughout the Research Triangle and North Carolina.
 UNC Health Care was created in 1998, when the North Carolina General Assembly passed legislation that established the UNC Health Care System, bringing under one entity UNC Hospitals and the clinical programs of the UNC School of Medicine.
 The first hospital in what later became known as UNC Hospitals and the UNC Health Care System was North Carolina Memorial Hospital, which opened on Sept. 2, 1952.
 Then in 1989, the North Carolina General Assembly created the University of North Carolina Hospitals entity as a unifying organization to govern constituent hospitals.
Robert Fetzer Field is a sports field located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and it is the home of the lacrosse and soccer teams of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the North Carolina Tar Heels.
 The four teams that call Fetzer field their home (North Carolina Tar Heels men's lacrosse, North Carolina Tar Heels women's lacrosse, North Carolina Tar Heels men's soccer, North Carolina Tar Heels women's soccer) have a combined total of 26 national championships.
 Tenants North Carolina Tar Heels are among the most popular college sports clubs on social media.
 The Ohio State Buckeyes (2,105,974), Florida Gators (2,003,534), Texas Longhorns (1,784,708), Oregon Ducks (1,687,733), Georgia Bulldogs (1,290,903), Kentucky Wildcats (1,284,612), North Carolina Tar Heels (1,260,567) and Wisconsin Badgers (1,238,828) had the most followers as of January 2016.
