Rebel Highway was a short-lived revival of American International Pictures created and produced by Lou Arkoff, the son of Samuel Z. Arkoff and Debra Hill for the Showtime channel in 1994.
 The concept was 10-week series of 1950s "drive-in classic" B-movies remade "with a '90s edge".
 The impetus for the series, according to Arkoff was, "what it would be like if you made "Rebel Without a Cause" today.
 It would be more lurid, sexier, and much more dangerous, and you definitely would have had Natalie Wood's top off".
 Originally, Arkoff wanted to call the series, "Raging Hormones" but Showtime decided on "Rebel Highway" instead.
 Arkoff and Hill invited several directors to pick a title from one of Samuel Arkoff's movies, hire their own writers and create a story that could resemble the original if they wanted.
 In addition, they had the right to a final cut and select their own director of photography and the editor.
 Each director was given a $1.3 million budget and 12 days to shoot it with a cast of young, up and coming actors and actresses.
 According to Arkoff, the appeal to directors was that, "They weren't hampered by big studios saying, 'You can't do this or that.'
 And all the directors paid very close attention to the detail of the era.
 We want these shows to be fun for the younger generation and fun for the older generation".
Salvatore Mineo, Jr. (January 10, 1939February 12, 1976), was an American film and theatre actor, known for his performance as John "Plato" Crawford opposite James Dean in the film "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955).
 He was twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, for his roles in "Rebel Without a Cause" and "Exodus" (1960).
"Rebel Without a Pause" is a song by hip hop group Public Enemy and the first single from their 1988 album, "It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back".
 The title is a reference to the 1955 film "Rebel Without a Cause".
This is also the first song to sample Funky Drummer.
James Gilmore Backus (February 25, 1913 – July 3, 1989) was an American radio, television, film, and voice actor.
 Among his most famous roles were the voice of nearsighted cartoon character Mr. Magoo, the rich Hubert Updike III on the radio version of "The Alan Young Show", Joan Davis' character's husband (a domestic court judge) on TV's "I Married Joan", James Dean's character's father in "Rebel Without a Cause", and Thurston Howell III, on the 1960s sitcom "Gilligan's Island".
 He also starred in his own show of one season, "The Jim Backus Show", also known as "Hot Off the Wire".
Corey Allen (June 29, 1934 – June 27, 2010) was an American film and television director, writer, producer, and actor.
 He began his career as an actor but eventually became a television director.
 He may be best known for playing the character Buzz Gunderson in Nicholas Ray's "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955).
My Teenage Daughter, later Teenage Bad Girl, is a 1956 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle, Sylvia Syms and Norman Wooland.
 The screenplay concerns a mother who tries to deal with her teenage daughter's descent into delinquency.
 It was intended as a British response to "Rebel Without a Cause".
 It was the last commercially successful film made by Wilcox.
Casey Braxton is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera "Home and Away", played by Lincoln Younes.
 Casey made his first on-screen appearance on 17 February 2011.
 Younes was about to go travelling when he auditioned for the role of Casey.
 He changed his plans upon winning the role.
 In late 2010 the Seven Network began airing trailers for a new trio of characters known as "The River Boys".
 The trio consist of Casey and his older half-brothers Darryl (Steve Peacocke) and Heath Braxton (Dan Ewing).
 The River Boys arrive in Summer Bay from neighbouring town Mangrove River.
 Casey is characterised as being a "modern day "Rebel Without a Cause""; who is intelligent and unsure about what he wants out of life.
 Younes has described him as the "epitome of teenage angst".
 The River Boys cause trouble in Summer Bay and producers were inspired by Koby Abberton's Bra Boys in the creation process.
 Casey is portrayed as wanting to distance himself from their bad reputation; but his anger issues often mar his attempts.
Stewart Henry Stern (March 22, 1922 – February 2, 2015) was an American screenwriter.
 He is best known for writing the screenplay for the film "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955), starring James Dean.
Jack Grinnage (born January 20, 1931) is an American actor with a film and television career spanning seven decades.
 Born in Los Angeles, Grinnage made his first television appearances in 1954.
 The following year, he played as Moose – one of three teenage rebels who chase James Dean – in "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955).
 "Rebel Without a Cause" was his first movie where he received a screen credit.
The Cheers were an American rock and roll vocal group, that had a string of hits in the mid-1950s starting with "(Bazoom) I Need Your Lovin'."
 which hit number three on the U.S. chart in 1954.
 This was the first hit written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller to chart on the Pop charts in the United States, and was one of the first rock and roll hits by a white group (after The Crew Cuts and Bill Haley and the Comets).
 The following year, they followed it up with "Black Denim Trousers and Motorcycle Boots" (also written by Leiber and Stoller), a song about a wild-living leather-jacketed motorcyclist, which went to number six on the charts.
 The Cheers members included Bert Convy (1933—1991) who would later serve as host of several daytime television game shows such as "Tattletales", "Super Password", "Win, Lose or Draw" and "3rd Degree", Sue Allen and Gil Garfield (1933—2011).
 Leiber and Stoller wrote and produced 'Chicken' (1955) for The Cheers, parodying the central sequence from James Dean's film "Rebel Without a Cause".
