The 721st Air Mobility Operations Group is a United States Air Force (USAF) unit assigned to the 521st Air Mobility Operations Wing, stationed at Ramstein Air Base, Germany.
The 43d Air Mobility Operations Group is an active duty air mobility unit at Pope Field, Fort Bragg, North Carolina (formerly Pope AFB), and is part of the Air Mobility Command (AMC) USAF Expeditionary Center.
 The unit is composed of five squadrons, including one of the only two active Air Force aeromedical evacuation squadrons based in the United States.
 The group's primary mission focuses on providing enroute operations and enabling global response and airborne support for Fort Bragg's 82nd Airborne Division.
The 731st Air Mobility Squadron (731 AMS) is an air mobility squadron of the United States Air Force based at Osan Air Base in South Korea.
 It is part of the 515th Air Mobility Operations Group, based at Yokota Air Base, Japan and the 515th Air Mobility Operations Wing, based at Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii.
The 521st Air Mobility Operations Wing (AMOW) is part of Air Mobility Command and is stationed at Ramstein Air Base, Germany.
 It coordinates logistical air movements into, out of, and through Europe.
The 730th Air Mobility Squadron (730 AMS) is a unit of the 515th Air Mobility Operations Group, based at Yokota AB, Japan and the 515th Air Mobility Operations Wing, based at Hickam AFB, Hawaii.
The 730th Air Mobility Training Squadron is an Air Force reserve unit stationed at Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma, where it trans airmen on Boeing C-17 Globemaster III, Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing KC-46 Pegasus aircraft systems.
 It is assigned to the 507th Operations Group at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, but performs its training mission under the direction of the 97th Air Mobility Wing of Air Education and Training Command.
The PHOENIX MOBILITY (PM) PROGRAM is an Air Mobility Command(AMC)-sponsored professional development program for board selected Air Force officers with 4–8 years commissioned service.
 The purpose of the program is to develop officers with a strong foundation in expeditionary mobility operations while developing an understanding of senior leadership responsibilities.
 The PHOENIX MOBILITY program is open to rated and nonrated line officers.
 Selected officers will become fluent in Air and Space Operations Center (AOC) operations, Contingency Response Wing (CRW) operations, and En Route Mobility Operations (EMO).
 This 36-month assignment builds mobility leaders by immersing the officers into the heart of the AMC mission.
 Rated PHOENIX MOBILITY officers who are current and qualified in a MWS will be authorized to fly in attached status.
The 733d Air Mobility Squadron (733 AMS) is an air mobility squadron of the United States Air Force based at Kadena Air Base in Japan.
 It is part of the 515th Air Mobility Operations Group, based at Yokota Air Base, Japan and the 515th Air Mobility Operations Wing, based at Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii.
The 43d Aeromedical Evacuation Squadron (43 AES) is a unit of the United States Air Force.
 It is part of the 43d Air Mobility Operations Group at Pope Army Air Field, North Carolina.
 It is a component of Eighteenth Air Force and Air Mobility Command of the United States Air Force, and is part of the air force component of United States Transportation Command.
The 515th Air Mobility Operations Wing is part of Air Mobility Command stationed at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Hawaii.
 It was activated in 2008.
 It coordinates logistical air movements into, out of, and throughout the Pacific.
 It is part of the United States Air Force Expeditionary Center.
