The Man in the High Castle (1962) is an alternative history novel by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 Set in 1962, fifteen years after an alternative ending to World War II, the novel concerns intrigues between the victorious Axis Powers—primarily, Imperial Japan and Nazi Germany—as they rule over the former United States, as well as daily life under the resulting totalitarian rule.
 "The Man in the High Castle" won the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1963.
 Beginning in 2015, the book was adapted as a multi-season TV series.
The Man in the High Castle is an American dystopian alternative history television series produced by Amazon Studios, Scott Free Productions, Headline Pictures, Electric Shepherd Productions and Big Light Productions.
 The series is loosely based on the 1962 novel of the same name by science fiction author Philip K. Dick.
 In the series' alternate version of 1962 America, the Axis powers have won World War II and divided the United States into the Greater Nazi Reich and the Japanese Pacific States.
 The series follows characters whose destinies intertwine after coming into contact with a series of propaganda films that show a vastly different history from that of their own.
Eric Ellis Overmyer (born September 25, 1951) is an American writer and producer.
 He has written and/or produced numerous TV shows, including "St. Elsewhere", "", "Law & Order", "The Wire", "New Amsterdam", "Bosch", "Treme", and "The Man in the High Castle".
Nobuteru Yūki (結城 信輝 , Yūki Nobuteru , born December 24, 1962, Tokyo) is a Japanese manga artist, illustrator, and animator.
 He began as a doujinshi artist under the nom de plume The Man in the High Castle (高い城の男 "Takai Shiro no Otoko") and Ubik (ユービック "Yūbikku"), both references to the works of American science fiction author Philip K. Dick.
 He has designed characters for manga, anime and video games, and has frequently collaborated with director Kazuki Akane, including on his most famous work, "The Vision of Escaflowne".
Vulcan's Hammer is a 1960 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was released originally as an Ace Double.
 This has been considered to be the final outing of Dick's 1950s style pulp science-fiction writing, before his better-received work such as the Hugo Award-winning "Man in the High Castle", published a year later.
Tzi Ma (; born June 10, 1962) is a Hong Kong-American character actor who has made numerous appearances in American films and television series including "Dante's Peak, Rush Hour, 24", and "The Man in the High Castle."
The Ganymede Takeover is a 1967 science fiction novel by American writers Philip K. Dick and Ray Nelson.
 It is an alien invasion novel, and similar to Dick's earlier solo novel "The Game-Players of Titan".
 Dick later admitted that "The Ganymede Takeover" was originally going to be a sequel to his alternate history novel "The Man in the High Castle" with the Japanese occupying the United States not Ganymede.
In 1909, a British writer wrote that the Kanakkan people wore a sacred thread, which is normally reserved for high caste Brahmins.
 This is strange since this group is from a scheduled caste community.
hartbeat!
 was a German music publication published from 1984 to 1998 which focused on punk rock, power pop, garage rock, beat music, rock music, and psychedelic music styles.
 The time period of the music detailed ranged from the 1960s to the late 1990s.
 The magazine was published in English at irregular intervals.
 The editor was Hans-Jürgen Klitsch, who also wrote two books on the German Beatscene of the 1960s: "Shakin' All Over - Die Beatmusik in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 1963 - 1967" (High Castle 2000; revised 2001) und "Otto & die Beatlejungs - Die Beatszene der 60er Jahre zwischen Oldenburg, Emden und Wilhelmshaven" (Isensee 2008).
Aye, and Gomorrah, and other stories is a collection of stories by American writer Samuel R. Delany, published by Vintage Books in 2003.
 It is a thematically arranged collection, in the style of James Joyce’s "Dubliners" (1914), Sherwood Anderson’s "Winesburg, Ohio" (1919), and Willa Cather’s "Youth and the Bright Medusa" (1920).
 The book is closely based on an earlier collection, "Driftglass", which first appeared in 1971.
 The dedication to the two books is similar: one is simply an updated version of the other, dedicating the book to Delany’s immediate family: his maternal grandmother, mother, sister, and father.
 Both carry identical epigraphs.
 The ten tales contained in "Driftglass" are all contained in "Aye, and Gomorrah", along with five other stories ("Omegahelm", "Among the Blobs", "Tapestry", "Prismatica", "Ruins").
 The stories consist of ten science fiction tales, in the order the writer wrote them, followed by five fantasies, also in chronological order.
