Sequoyah County Sheriff's Office is the chief law enforcement agency that serves a population of over 42,391 people in Sequoyah County, Oklahoma.
 In 2007, the sheriff's department became the first in the state to arrest illegal immigrants under Oklahoma's new law, the Oklahoma Taxpayer and Citizen Protection Act of 2007.
 In 2009, the county jail was put back into the sheriffs department.
 The jail was previously managed by the Sequoyah County Criminal Justice Authority.
 Ron Lockhart's uncle, Sam Lockhart, is a former sheriff in the county.
 As of 2017, Larry Lane is the current Sheriff of Sequoyah County.
The Ohio House of Representatives, 78th District, is located in Pickaway County, Ohio, Hocking County, Ohio, Morgan County, Ohio, Fairfield County, Ohio and small parts of Athens and Muskingum counties, with the major population centers being Circleville, Ohio and Logan, Ohio, as well as several villages.
 District 78 is primary a rural district, but falls within the Columbus Metro area.
 The district's boundaries were last redrawn in 2012 and the seat has been held by Republican Ron Hood since its redistricting.
Ron Ehrenreich (born 1950) is an American credit union officer and teacher.
 He was the Vice-Presidential candidate for the Socialist Party USA in the United States presidential election, 1988, as the running mate of Willa Kenoyer.
 The ticket received 3,882 votes, 2,587 of the votes came from New Jersey.
 He has been the treasurer of the Syracuse Cooperative Federal Credit Union since its opening in 1982.
 He later ran as a Green Party candidate for Onondaga County, New York Comptroller in 1999.
 Ron is married to Sondra Roth, and has two children, Hanah and Sam.
Jasper County Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district based in Jasper County's county seat of Newton, Illinois; it is the only school district in the county and is, consequently, the main educational body in all of Jasper County, although it serves portions of Effingham County and Cumberland County as well.
 This school district is composed of six schools in total; four elementary schools, one junior high school, and one high school.
 There is also a prekindergarten program run at the high school of the district should parents wish to enroll their children early.
 Willow Hill Elementary School, which is located in the village of its namesake, serves only kindergarteners; its proximity to the county seat and central position in the county allows its students to dawn from all parts of the county and still have easy access to the elementary school they will attend.
 The principal of Willow Hill is Dave Parker.
 Grove Elementary School is located in Island Grove, Illinois, the highest point of elevation in the county.
 Grove Elementary School educates students from kindergarten to grade six, and it runs a prekindergarten program as well.
 Craig Carr is the principal of this school.
 Ste. Marie Elementary School is located in the southern Jasper County village of Ste. Marie, and serves students in grades one through six.
 The principal of Ste. Marie is David Parker, the principal of Willow Hill Elementary School.
 Newton Elementary School is located in the county seat of Newton, and serves most of west Jasper County's first through sixth graders under principal Travis Wyatt.
 The latter three elementary schools feed into Jasper County Junior High School and are taught in the facility during seventh and eighth grade while being supervised by Newton Elementary School principal Travis Wyatt before graduating into Newton Community High School.
 Students in grades nine through twelve spend their last leg of precollegiate education at this school; their principal is Ruth Kerner.
 The district superintendent is Ron Alburtus, and the district's mascot is the eagle.
Ron Stephens (born 1948) is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 102nd district from 1985 to 1991, and from 1993 until 2011 when he announced his retirement.
 The district includes portions of Bond County, Madison County, Effingham County, Fayette County and St. Clair County.
 He was the Assistant Republican Leader in the state House until his retirement.
Hancock County Airport (FAA LID: KY8) , also known as Ron Lewis Field, is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Lewisport, in Hancock County, Kentucky, United States.
 The airport opened in 2007 and it is owned by the Hancock County Airport Board.
Essex is a town with a population of 20,427 in Essex County in southwestern Ontario, Canada, whose municipal borders extend to Lake Erie.
 Essex is also the name of the largest community within the municipality.
 The present mayor is Ron McDermott.
 It is the county seat for Essex County.
The Church of Scientology is a multinational network and hierarchy of numerous ostensibly independent but interconnected corporate entities and other organizations devoted to the practice, administration and dissemination of Scientology, a new religious movement.
 The Church of Scientology International (CSI) is officially the Church of Scientology's parent organization, and is responsible for guiding local Scientology churches.
 At a local level, every church is a separate corporate entity set up as a licensed franchise and has its own board of directors and executives.
 The first Scientology church was incorporated in December 1953 in Camden, New Jersey by L. Ron Hubbard.
 Its international headquarters are located at the Gold Base, in an unincorporated area of Riverside County, California.
 The location at Gilman Hotsprings is private property and not accessible by the public.
 Scientology Missions International is under CSI and oversees Scientology missions, which are local Scientology organizations smaller than churches.
 The Church of Spiritual Technology (CST) is the organization which owns all the copyrights of the estate of L. Ron Hubbard.
Going Back is a 1983 American independent drama film written and directed by Ron Teachworth and starring Bruce Campbell and Christopher Howe.
 It was Campbell's second feature film, produced shortly after "The Evil Dead".
Paulville, Texas, is an American cooperative organization as well as the site and planned community under its development in the salt flats of north Hudspeth County, intended to consist exclusively of Ron Paul supporters.
 The Paulville community idea was named after U.S. Congressman and 2012 presidential candidate Ron Paul, and the cooperative is modeled on his often libertarian ideas. "
The New York Times" says, "For now, the town is little more than an idea and a title deed," but considers it to be evidence that Paul's "campaign appears to be growing into something beyond a conventional protest campaign," also echoing the concept expressed by others that "the Ron Paul revolution has increasingly less to do with Ron Paul".
