Harry Mark Christopher Judd (born 23 December 1985) is an English musician who is best known as the drummer for British pop rock band McFly, along with fellow band members Tom Fletcher, Dougie Poynter and Danny Jones.
 Judd won the 2011 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".
Danny Jones (born 1986) is an English musician and member of McFly.
"Lies" is the fifteenth single from British pop rock band, McFly, released on 15 September 2008.
 "Lies" did not feature on the promotional 10-track copy of the album "" which was given away in "The Mail on Sunday" in July 2008, however it features as one of the four additional tracks on the retail edition of the album, which was released on 22 September 2008.
 The lead vocals for the song are split between band members Danny Jones and Tom Fletcher, with vocal contributions from bassist Dougie Poynter.
Danny Jones (born 12 March 1986) is a British musician who is one of the lead vocalists and guitarists for pop-rock band McFly.
 Jones' fellow band members are Tom Fletcher (guitar and vocals), Dougie Poynter (bass and vocals), and Harry Judd (drums).
Danny Jones (born October 24, 1968) is a retired American professional basketball player.
George Cole (born October 10, 1960) is an American music producer, composer, lyricist, vocalist, session musician, and guitarist.
 He fronts his own Gypsy jazz/Uptown Swing band and since early 2014 has been the guitarist for the David Grisman Quintet.
 Before his acoustic music endeavors, he played electric guitar for the pop rock band Beatnik Beatch and Big Blue Hearts.
 He played on Chris Isaak's platinum Forever Blue album.
 Cole is also a teacher, and his students include Billie Joe Armstrong and Mike Dirnt of Green Day; Ethan Roberts, and Danny Jones.
"Love Is Easy" is a song by English pop rock band McFly which serves as the lead single from their second greatest hits album, "".
 The song was written by McFly members Tom Fletcher, Danny Jones and Dougie Poynter as well as Antony Brant.
 Its music video was released on 24 October 2012, showing the band performing the song in a stage show that makes references to moments throughout their career.
McFly are an English band formed in London in 2003.
 The band took its name from the "Back to the Future" character Marty McFly.
 The band consists of Tom Fletcher (lead vocals, guitar and piano), Danny Jones (lead vocals, harmonica and guitar), Dougie Poynter (bass guitar) and Harry Judd (drums).
 They were signed to Island Records from their 2004 launch until December 2007, before creating their own label, Super Records.
Aleksi Sihvonen is the current vocalist for the Finnish band Medicated.
 He replaced Norther's vocalist Petri Lindroos in 2009, until the group disbanded in 2012.
 He was also the former guitarist and vocalist of Imperanon.
Danny Jones is a 1972 British drama film directed by Jules Bricken and starring Frank Finlay, Jane Carr and Len Jones.
