Fame Gurukul was an Indian prime-time reality show on Sony Entertainment Television (India) which premiered on 27 June 2005.
 The program was produced by the same production house of "Indian Idol".
 The concept of the show was to select a pair of India's best singers/performers.
Sun Xing (born October 16, 1963) is a Hong Kong actor and Mandopop singer born in Guangzhou, China.
 He shot to fame in the 1990s by portraying heroes in a number of Taiwanese "wuxia" TV dramas.
 Later he mostly appeared in comedies.
"I Protest" is a rap song by a Kashmiri singer MC Kash, that he sang in 2010.
 The song that is about the unrest in Indian Kashmir and human right abuses by local security forces, became an immediate hit in the valley and outside.
 The song was sung during protests.
 The studio where the song was recorded was raided by the local police after the song was released and the staff was questioned about involvement of any separatist leader.
 Kash, who was emotionally disturbed by the killings of youth, including his friend, in the unrest and the sufferings of Kashmiris, wrote the song.
 According to Kash, he wrote this in English to make the whole world aware of the situation in Kashmir.
 Kash faced hard time in recording his songs after this song was released as most of the studios denied facilitating him and he felt considerable pressure to stop raising such issues in his songs after people close to him showed concern about his security.
Raj Begum (Kashmiri: राज बेगम , راج بیگم ; 27 March 1927 – 26 October 2016) was a leading 20th-century Kashmiri singer.
Qazi (Kashmiri: قاضی توقیر , born 2 June 1992 in Srinagar) is a Kashmiri singer, who won the show "Fame Gurukul" – along with Ruprekha Banerjee.
 He is a singer in the Kashmiri, Hindi and Urdu languages.
 On 20 October 2005, he managed to grab the top prize along with Ruprekha Banerjee.
 He was voted by the Indian public to be the winner of "Fame Gurukul", India's version of "Fame Academy."
 The president of India, in regards to Qazi Touqeer, declared him to be the hero of Kashmir.
 As a result of Qazi's success, a plethora of Kashmiri youth auditioned in Indian Idol tryouts, which were held in Srinagar, a city in the Kashmir Valley.
Kirti Sagathia (born 14 September 1979, in Mumbai) is a musician and singer.
 Keerthi is the son of famous Gujarati Folk singer Karsan Sagathiya.
 In 2005 he was a contestant for Sony TV reality show "Fame Gurukul".
 He was a celebrity guest singer on "X Factor", Episode 29, first aired on 20 August 2011.
Ruprekha Banerjee (Bengali: রূপরেখা ব্যানার্জী ) (born 1984 in Kolkata) was one of the three finalists of "Fame Gurukul", one of the most watched television shows in India, along with Rex D'Souza and Qazi Touqeer.
 On 20 October 2005, she wo the top prize along with Touqeer.
Kailash Mehra Sadhu (born 1956) is a Kashmiri singer.
Fame X, with Indian subtitle Chal Udiye, was an Indian television music talent show contested by aspiring pop singers drawn from public auditions.
 It followed an earlier Indian singing competition and musical reality show called "Fame Gurukul".
Mohammad Saleem (Urdu محمد سلیم) better known as Saleem Javed is a Pakistani pop singer born in Hyderabad, Pakistan.
 He emerged to fame in the 1980s, though, he was already known in some quarters before that, as a semi-classical singer due to his work in the classical industry.
 Saleem Javed practically started the trend of Re-Mixing old songs with new instrumentation and improvisation 23 years ago.
 He did the first ever re-mix in his first album "Listen to My Voice" launched in 1985 in Pakistan and the song was " Janam Aii Janam by Legendary Madom Noor Jehan ".
