The 1981 Miami Dolphins season was the 16th year of existence for the Miami Dolphins franchise.
 With the retirement of Bob Griese not much was expected out of the Dolphins.
 The Dolphins Defense, which became known as the Killer Bees because of the number of players whose last name began with the letter B.
 The Bees were Bill Barnett, Bob Baumhauer, Lyle Blackwood, Kim Bokamper, and Bob Brudzinski anchored a strong team.
 They finished 11-4-1, as Don Shula reached a milestone by winning his 200th game of his coaching career.
 In the Divisional Playoffs against the San Diego Chargers the Dolphins fell behind 24-0 early in front of a sold out crowd at the Orange Bowl.
 With time running out in the first Half the Dolphins desperately needed a score to get back in the game.
 Out of nowhere the Dolphins ran the old schoolyard hook and lateral play to success.
 On the play Quarterback Don Strock threw a pass over the middle to WR Duriel Harris who lateraled to WR Tony Nathan who ran the ball in for Touchdown.
 The play sparked the Dolphins who came back, and took a lead in the 4th Quarter.
 However, the Killer Bees could not contain Chargers QB Dan Fouts who tied the game, and forced overtime where the Chargers won the game on a Rolf Bernershka Field Goal in the 14th minute of overtime.
The Miami Dolphins' flagship radio station is AM 560 WQAM.
 WQAM has previously carried Dolphins broadcasts during the 1997-04, and 2007-09 NFL Seasons.
 The radio broadcast team features Jimmy Cefalo providing play-by-play commentary and Joe Rose providing color commentary during preseason games, along with Griese for regular season games.
 Griese replaced longtime color commentator Jim Mandich, who played for the Dolphins under Don Shula.
 Mandich lost his fight with cancer in 2011, opening the door for Griese as his replacement.
 The Miami Dolphins Radio Network is a statewide network of radio stations in Florida.
The International Champions Cup (ICC) is an annual club association football exhibition competition.
 It features club teams from Europe playing pre-season friendly matches, originally in the United States and Canada, but in the years since also in venues in China, Australia, Mexico and across Europe.
 The ICC was founded by Relevent Sports, a division of RSE ventures based out of northern New Jersey, a sports venture firm founded in 2012 by billionaire real estate magnate and Miami Dolphins owner Stephen Ross and Matt Higgins, a former executive with the New York Jets.
 It replaced the World Football Challenge, which had featured a more even distribution of European- and American-based sides.
The 1982 Miami Dolphins season was the team's seventeenth in the National Football League.
 The team was coming off an unexpected 11-4-1 1981 season and a devastating loss to the San Diego Chargers in the Divisional Round the previous season in a game dubbed the Epic in Miami.
 The Dolphins had clinched the 2 seed and were picked by many to reach the Super Bowl during the 1981 season.
 Because of the high number of picks to reach the Super Bowl the previous season, many more fans picked them to win it during the 1982 season.
 The Dolphins looked to improve on their 11-4-1 record from 1981.
 However, a players strike cancelled 7 of the team's 16 games.
 Because of this, the NFL schedule was shrunk to 9 games.
 The Dolphins started out fresh, winning their first 2 games prior to the strike.
 When season play resumed 2 months later, the Dolphins defeated the Buffalo Bills 9-7 in Buffalo to clinch a 3-0 start.
 After a loss to Tampa Bay, they defeated the Minnesota Vikings 22-14.
 The next week, they lost a brisk game against the Patriots 3-0 in a game called the Snowplow Game.
 The Dolphins would then win 3 straight games to end the season 7-2, tied for 2nd in the AFC with the Cincinnati Bengals.
 The Dolphins won 2nd place over them by virtue of a series of tiebreakers.
 In the playoffs, they defeated the Patriots in a rematch by the score of 28-13.
 They then defeated the Chargers in a rematch of the 1981 Divisional Playoffs by a score of 34-13.
 In the AFC Championship game, they shutout the Jets, 14-0 to reach the Super Bowl for the first time since 1973.
 In Super Bowl XVII, they lost to the Redskins 27-17 in a rematch of Super Bowl VII which concluded Miami's perfect 1972 season.
The 1980 Miami Dolphins season was the 15th year of existence for the Miami Dolphins franchise.
 Quarterback Bob Griese retired after the season, following a 14-year career with the Dolphins.
 However, in Griese's final season the Dolphins would only play mediocre football finishing in third place with an 8-8 record.
Shawn Wooden (born October 23, 1973,) is a former American football safety who played in the National Football League for 9 seasons for the Miami Dolphins and the Chicago Bears.
 Wooden was drafted in the 6th round by Jimmy Johnson, the then coach of the Miami Dolphins.
 He played for the Dolphins for four seasons and then signed a free agent contract with the Chicago Bears in the 2000 football season.
 After one year with the Chicago Bears, he returned to the Miami Dolphins for the remainder of his career.
 He is currently a financial advisor with Wooden Wealth Strategies.
The Miami Dolphins Cheerleaders is the professional cheerleading squad of the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League.
 The squad performs a variety of dance moves at the Hard Rock Stadium, the home stadium of the Dolphins.
 The Dolphins Cheerleaders released an annual swimsuit calendar every year.
 The squad hosts auditions every May.
 Like most other squads in the league, the MDC also has a youth cheer squad.
 The squad also makes USO trips.
 Every year, the MDC sends a cheerleader to the Pro Bowl.
 The MDC also sends a number of alumni to the Indian Premier League every year.
The 1979 Miami Dolphins season was the 14th year of existence for the Miami Dolphins franchise.
 Prior to the start of the season the Dolphins re-signed Larry Csonka who left to join the WFL after the 1974 season.
 Despite struggles from Bob Griese all year, the Dolphins finished 10-6 and won their first division title in five years.
 Among the season highlights were the Dolphins 19th and 20th consecutive wins over the Buffalo Bills.
 For the entire decade of the 1970s (1970–79) the Dolphins hold a perfect 20-0 record over the Bills, which contributed to O.J. Simpson never seeing any postseason success in his career.
 In the Divisional Playoff the Dolphins were no match for the Pittsburgh Steelers who jumped out to a 20-0 lead in the 1st Quarter to win 34-14 on their way to their second Straight Super Bowl title.
Stephen Spence Clark (born August 2, 1960) is a former professional American football player who played [[defensive tackle]and offensive guard ] for five seasons for the [[Miami Dolphins]].
 He also played on two state championship teams in high school which were a combined (25-1) over two years and was a five team all-American including "Parade Magazine", he was also named Most Valuable Player of the state of Utah.
 At the University of Utah he was named two time All-WAC defensive tackle, Defensive Most Valuable Player of the Western Athletic Conference and First Team All-American.
 He also played in the East-West Shrine Game and was named MVP of the Senior Bowl.
 After the Senior Bowl he was drafted by Don Shula and The Miami Dolphins, his second year in the NFL he played both ways in a pre-season game and Coach Shula knew he had a guy that could back up every position on the offensive and defensive line as well as long snap.
 He earned a starting position at right guard and played against [[William Perry (American football)|the Fridge]] when the Dolphins beat the Chicago Bears on Monday Night Football to help keep the undefeated Dolphin record intact.
 In the NFL, he also played on two Super Bowl teams with the Miami Dolphins and was the starting right guard before being injured.
 Just recently Steve was named to the top 100 greatest players in the history of the University of Utah actually being named 9th best of All-Time.
The Drone Racing League (DRL) is a professional motorsport league where players race drones.
 It was founded in 2015 by the Miami Dolphins owner Stephen Ross.
