Kenneth Julian Faithfull Bickersteth, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (5 July 1885 – 16 October 1962) was a British Anglican priest, chaplain, and headmaster.
 He started his career as a school chaplain and teacher.
 During World War I, he served as a military chaplain.
 Between the wars he was headmaster of The Collegiate School of St Peter in Adelaide, Australia, and then headmaster of Felsted School in Essex, England.
 From 1942 to 1958, he served as Archdeacon of Maidstone in the Diocese of Canterbury, Church of England.
Thomas Boutflower Bennett (1808- 14 September 1894) was an early colonist of South Australia, remembered as a schoolmaster at J. L. Young's Adelaide Educational Institution and at Saint Peter's College.
St Peter's College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford and is located in New Inn Hall Street, Oxford, United Kingdom.
 It occupies the site of two of the university's oldest inns, both of which were founded in the 13th century.
 The modern college was founded as St Peter's Hall in 1929 by Francis James Chavasse, Bishop of Liverpool, and achieved full collegiate status in 1961, becoming St Peter's College.
 In 1979, it began to admit women.
St Peter's Collegiate School is a mixed Church of England secondary school and sixth form located in the Compton area of Wolverhampton in the West Midlands of England.
 The school is named after Saint Peter, one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ.
St Peter's College (officially The Collegiate School of St Peter, but commonly known as SPSC, Sancti Petri Schola Collegiata, St Peter's or Saints) is an independent boys' school in the South Australian capital of Adelaide.
 Founded in 1847 by members of the Anglican Church of Australia, the school is noted for its history and famous alumni, including three Nobel laureates, forty-two Rhodes scholars and ten Australian State Premiers.
In 2010 The Lodge School celebrated its 265th anniversary as an institution of learning in Barbados.
 This extended period has not been continuous, as the school has closed and reopened four times during these two and a half centuries.
 The school has been known as Codrington College, The College, The Mansion School, the Codrington Grammar School, The Codrington Foundation School, Codrington Collegiate School, Codrington Endowed School, Codrington Lodge Grammar School and The Lodge Collegiate School.
 By 1882 the school's name had finally settled on The Lodge School, after the Chaplain's Lodge where some of the early classes were undertaken.
The Scottish Church Collegiate School is a selective boys' school in north Kolkata, West Bengal having a history of more than 180 years.
 The school was founded in 1830 by Reverend Alexander Duff, who came to Calcutta as the first missionary of the Church of Scotland to India.
 The Scottish Church Collegiate School is affiliated with the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education, and the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education for the secondary and higher secondary school examinations respectively.
 The school functions under the Governing Body of Diocesan Schools, the Diocesan Board of Education and the Church of North India.
The West End Collegiate Church is a church on West End Avenue at 77th Street on Manhattan's Upper West Side.
 It is part of The Collegiate Reformed Protestant Dutch Church in the City of New York, the oldest Protestant church with a continuing organization in America.
 The West End Collegiate Church and Collegiate School, which includes the adjacent Collegiate School, is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Wexford Collegiate School for the Arts (commonly known as Wexford Collegiate, WCSA, Wexford CSA, Wexford or "Wex" for short); formerly Wexford Collegiate Institute is a public high school located in the Scarborough district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 Run and organized by the Toronto District School Board, the school officially opened its doors to students in September 1965 as Wexford CI by the Scarborough Board of Education and was renamed Wexford Collegiate School for the Arts in 2006 in recognition of its specialized arts programs.
Wichita Collegiate School, known locally as Collegiate, is a private, co-educational, non-denominational, and non-profit college preparatory day school founded in 1963 currently enrolling 966 students from preschool through 12th grade located in Wichita, Kansas, United States.
 The Headmaster is Tom Davis.
 Wichita Collegiate School has built a statewide reputation for academic excellence.
 The school motto is: ""Proba te Dignum"" (Latin for "Prove Yourself Worthy")
