A jubilee doctor (Swedish: "jubeldoktor" , Latin: "doctor jubilaris" ) or golden doctor (German: "Goldene Doktor" ) is in some countries a person who has held a doctorate for 50 years or more.
 When 50 years have passed, the doctor is invited again by his or her university to the ceremony where the doctorates are conferred and is made "jubilee/golden doctor" and celebrated as a guest of honour.
 This custom is common in Germany, Sweden and Finland.
 In Germany, this ceremony is referred to as the "Golden Promotion" ("Goldene Promotion").
 In Sweden, a person so honoured who holds, for instance, a doctorate of philosophy, may use the academic title "fil.jubeldr" instead of the regular "fil.dr".
Kevin Franklin, EdD was born in Virginia, where he received degrees in Psychology and Education from Old Dominion University.
 He holds a Doctorate of Education in Organization and Leadership from the University of San Francisco.
 Formerly Executive Director of the University of California system-wide Humanities Research Institute (UCHRI) and a Deputy Director of the San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC), Franklin was appointed as Executive Director of the Institute for Computing in Humanities, Arts, and Social Science, (I-CHASS), Research Professor, Education Policy, Organization and Leadership, Adjunct Associate Professor, African American Studies, and Senior Research Scientist for the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois in July 2007.
 In addition Franklin was appointed Associate Director for the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) in 2014.
Sandra Eades (born 1967) is a Noongar physician, researcher and professor, and the first Aboriginal medical practitioner to be awarded a Doctorate of Philosophy in 2003.
 She was also recognized as the NSW (New South Wales) Woman of the Year for 2006.
Sandra Pizzarello, D.Bi.Sc.
 is an Italian biochemist known for her co-discovery of amino acid enantiomeric excess in carbonaceous chondrite meteorites.
 Her research interests concern the characterization of meteoritic organic compounds in elucidating the evolution of planetary homochirality.
 Pizzarello is a project collaborator and co-investigator for the NASA Astrobiology Institute (NAI), the president of the International Society for the Study of the Origin of Life, and an emerita professor at Arizona State University (ASU).
Willemijn Posthumus-van der Goot (2 May 1897-16 January 1989, who occasionally wrote under the pen-name Peggy Vlug) was a Dutch economist, feminist and radio broadcaster.
 As the first woman to attain a doctorate in economics in The Netherlands, her work focused on the impact of working women on the economy.
 Recognizing that there were few sources, she joined with other feminists to create the International Archives for the Women's Movement in 1935.
 Writing reports on women's work, she refuted government claims that women working outside the home was of no benefit.
 First proposed in 1939, the Household Council, which she saw as an organization to foster training and organize domestic laborers was instituted in 1950.
 She founded the International Association of Women in Radio, as an organization for professional development and networking in 1949.
 As a peace activist, she was involved in the promotion of pacifism and believing women had unique qualities for solving world problems, she established the International Scientific Institute for Feminine Interpretation.
 In 1982, in recognition of her significant contributions to the Dutch Women's Movement, Posthumus-van der Goot was appointed as an officer in the Order of Orange-Nassau.
 In 2008, she, her husband and sister, were honored as Righteous Among the Nations by the government of Israel, for their fostering children during the Dutch occupation by the Nazis.
Herbert Allen Shepard (1930–1985) was an American economist who made a significant contribution to Organization Development<ref name="C4WDefault-10.1111/j.1468-232X.1968.tb010"> </ref> He held faculty posts at several universities including M.I.T., where he received his doctorate in Industrial Economics.
 He founded and directed the first doctoral program in Organization Development at Case Western Reserve; developed a residency in administrative psychiatry at Yale University School of Medicine, and was also President of The Gestalt Institute of Cleveland and The Professional Development Institute.
A nonprofit organization (also known as a non-business entity) is an organization that has been formed by a group of people in order "to pursue a common not-for-profit goal", that is, to pursue a stated goal without the intention of distributing excess revenue to members or leaders.
 A nonprofit organization is often dedicated to furthering a particular social cause or advocating for a particular point of view.
 In economic terms, a nonprofit organization uses its surplus revenues to further achieve its purpose or mission, rather than distributing its surplus income to the organization's shareholders (or equivalents) as profit or dividends.
 This is known as the non-distribution constraint.
 The decision to adopt a nonprofit legal structure is one that will often have taxation implications, particularly where the nonprofit seeks income tax exemption or charitable status.
John C. Sigler is a former Chairman of the Republican State Committee of Delaware and a former President of the National Rifle Association (NRA), an American gun-owners' rights organization.
 He succeeded Sandra Froman in 2007, and was the organization's 59th President since it was founded in 1871.
 He was succeeded by Ron Schmeits in 2009, after his second term.
Thomas Reid FRSE ( ; 26 April 1710 – 7 October 1796) was a religiously trained Scottish philosopher, a contemporary of David Hume as well as "Hume's earliest and fiercest critic".
 He was the founder of the Scottish School of Common Sense and played an integral role in the Scottish Enlightenment.
 The early part of his life was spent in Aberdeen and he graduated from the University of Aberdeen.
 He began his career as a Minister of the Church of Scotland but ceased to be a Minister (or called 'Reverend') when he was given a professorship at King's College, Aberdeen in 1752.
 He obtained his doctorate and wrote "An Inquiry Into the Human Mind on the Principles of Common Sense" (published in 1764).
 He and his colleagues founded the 'Aberdeen Philosophical Society' which was popularly known as the 'Wise Club' (a literary-philosophical association).
 Shortly after the publication of his first book, he was given the prestigious Professorship of Moral Philosophy at the University of Glasgow when he was called to replace Adam Smith.
 He resigned from this position in 1781, after which he prepared his university lectures for publication in two books: "Essays on the Intellectual Powers of Man" (1785) and "Essays on the Active Powers of the Human Mind" (1788).
 Reid was buried at Blackfriars Church in the grounds of Glasgow College and when the university moved to Gilmorehill in the west of Glasgow, his tombstone was inserted in the main building.
 See separate article on Thomas Reid's tombstone.
Sandra Stotsky is Professor emerita in the Department of Education Reform  at the University of Arkansas, and held the 21st Century Chair in Teacher Quality.
 Her research ranges from teacher licensure tests, e.g., (1), coherence in the literature and reading curriculum, e.g., (2), and academic achievement in single-sex classrooms, e.g., (3) to critiques of Common Core’s standards in English language arts, e.g., (4) mathematics.
(5), and US History and civic education (6), and other aspects of the Common Core project, e.g., (7), and to reviews of books in education, e.g., (8) She is an advocate of standards-based reform and strong academic standards and assessments for students and teachers.
