Auliʻ i Cravalho ( ;) is an American actress.
 She made her acting debut as the title character in the 2016 film "Moana".
Encounters of the Spooky Kind () is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts comedy horror film written and directed by Sammo Hung, who also starred in the lead role.
 The film was produced by Hung's production company Bo Ho Film Company.
 It was released as "Spooky Encounters" in the US.
 It is sometimes listed as "Close Encounters of the Spooky Kind", more blatantly mimicking the title of the film "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" (1977).
 The film was the progenitor of the jiangshi film genre and one of Hong Kong's first kung fu horror comedies.
Auli Mantila (born 27 May 1964) is a Finnish film director, writer, producer and actress.
Moana ( ) is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the 56th Disney animated feature film.
 Directed by Ron Clements and John Musker, co-directed by Don Hall and Chris Williams, the film introduces Auli'i Cravalho as Moana and features the voices of Dwayne Johnson, Rachel House, Temuera Morrison, Jemaine Clement, Nicole Scherzinger, and Alan Tudyk.
 The film features music written by Lin-Manuel Miranda, Opetaia Foa'i, and Mark Mancina.
Iso suomen kielioppi (lit. "
"the large grammar of Finnish"") is a reference book of Finnish grammar.
 It was published in 2004 by the Finnish Literature Society and to this date is the most extensive of its kind.
 It is a collaboration written by noted Finnish language scholars Auli Hakulinen, Maria Vilkuna, Riitta Korhonen, Vesa Koivisto, Tarja-Riitta Heinonen and Irja Alho.
The Collector (Finnish: Neitoperho ) is a 1997 Finnish drama film directed by Auli Mantila.
 The film was selected as the Finnish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 70th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
"Moana" is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy comedy adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 The film was directed by Ron Clements and John Musker, with Don Hall and Chris Williams as co-directors.
 Starring the voices of Auli'i Cravalho and Dwayne Johnson, the film focuses on the story of Moana, the strong-willed daughter of the chief in a Polynesian tribe, who is chosen by the ocean itself to reunite a mystical relic with a goddess.
 When a blight strikes her island, Moana sets sail in search of Maui, a legendary demigod, in the hope of saving her people.
 The film had its world premiere at El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles on November 14, 2016 and was released to theaters on November 23, 2016.
 The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported 96% positive film-critic reviews, based on 218 reviews, with an average rating of 7.9/10 and Metacritic gave a score of 81 out of 100, based on 44 reviews.
"How Far I'll Go" is a song from Disney's 2016 animated feature film "Moana".
 It was written and produced by Lin-Manuel Miranda.
 The song was performed in the film by American actress and singer Auli'i Cravalho in her role as Moana.
 Canadian singer Alessia Cara also recorded the song for the "Moana" soundtrack.
 The song was nominated for Best Original Song at the 89th Academy Awards and Best Original Song at the 74th Golden Globe Awards but lost both to "City of Stars" from "La La Land."
Encounters of the Spooky Kind II is a 1990 Hong Kong martial arts comedy horror film produced, choreographed, starring Sammo Hung.
 The film was produced by Hung's production company, Bojon Films Company Ltd.
 It was released as "Spooky Encounters 2" in the US.
 It is sometimes listed as "aka Close Encounters of the Spooky Kind 2 ".
 Despite the title, the film is not a sequel to "Encounters of the Spooky Kind".
 The film's Chinese title literally translates as "Ghost Bites Ghost".
"Arms" is a song by American singer-songwriter Christina Perri.
 The song was written by Perri herself, and serves as the second single from her debut album "Lovestrong" (2011).
 The song debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 94.
 The song's accompanying music video debuted on April 28, 2011 on "VH1".
 "Arms" then made a comeback in 2017 reaching #36 on the iTunes chart passing Auli'i Cravalho's "How Far I'll Go" from the Disney movie "Moana" (2017).
