"Gluten Free Ebola" is the second episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 249th overall episode, it was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker.
 The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 1, 2014.
 The episode lampoons the trend of the gluten-free diet lifestyle and the constant changes recommended to the Western pattern diet and the current food guide.
The 249th Rifle Division was raised in 1941, within days of the German invasion, as a standard Red Army rifle division, and served for the duration of the Great Patriotic War in that role.
 The division was formed twice, first from a cadre of NKVD soldiers that went on to become the 16th Guards Rifle Division after distinguishing themselves in the fighting for Toropets during the Soviet counteroffensive in the winter of 1941-42.
 The second formation was largely made up of ethnic Estonians and was known as the 249th Estonian Rifle Division.
 It fought under that name for the duration, and shortly after the German surrender became the 122nd Guards Rifle Division.
"LOTUS" is the eight episode and midseason finale of the paranormal drama television series "Supernatural"' s season 12, and the 249th overall.
 The episode was written by Eugenie Ross-Leming and Brad Buckner and directed by Phil Sgriccia.
 It was first broadcast on December 8, 2016, on The CW.
 In the episode, Lucifer possesses influential people, going as far as to possess the President of the United States.
 Using his new power, he tries to stop Sam and Dean from catching him.
"Treehouse of Horror XI" is the first episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> twelfth season and the 249th overall, and the eleventh Halloween episode.
 The episode features "G-G-Ghost D-D-Dad", "Scary Tales Can Come True" and "Night of the Dolphin" and was written by Rob LaZebnik (story by Mike Scully), John Frink and Don Payne and Carolyn Omine and directed by Matthew Nastuk.
"The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 3, 1995.
 As the title suggests, it is the 138th episode and the third clip show episode of "The Simpsons", after "" and "Another Simpsons Clip Show".
 While the "138th Episode Spectacular" compiles sequences from episodes throughout the entire series like the previous two, it also shows clips from the original Simpsons shorts from "The Tracey Ullman Show" and other previously unaired material.
 Like the Halloween specials, the episode is considered non-canon and falls outside of the show's regular continuity.
The 249th Airlift Squadron (249 AS) is a unit of the 176th Wing of the Alaska Air National Guard located at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, Anchorage, Alaska.
 The 249th is an associate unit of the 517th Airlift Squadron, which is equipped with the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
The 66th Division (第66師団 , Dai-rokujūroku Shidan ) was an infantry division of the Imperial Japanese Army.
 Its call sign was the Daring Division (敢兵団 , Kan Heidan ) .
 It was formed on 12 July 1944 in Taipei city on Taiwan island.
 The nucleus for the formation was the 46th Independent mixed brigade casualties and local recruits.
 Also, the 249th infantry regiment was formed primarily from Takasago men.
The 250th Battalion, CEF was a unit in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War.
 Based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, the unit began recruiting in the autumn of 1916 in that city.
 The unit was absorbed into the 249th Battalion, CEF while still in Canada.
 The 250th Battalion, CEF had one Officer Commanding: Lieut-Col.
 W. H. Hastings.
"Take My Wife" is the eighteenth episode and season finale of the thirteenth season of the animated sitcom "Family Guy", and the 249th episode overall.
 It aired on Fox in the United States on May 17, 2015, and is written by Kevin Biggins and directed by John Holmquist.
The 249th Battalion, CEF, was a unit in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War.
 Based in Regina, Saskatchewan, the unit began recruiting in the autumn of 1916 throughout the province of Saskatchewan.
 After sailing to England in March 1918 (on board RMS "Saxonia" ) the battalion was absorbed into the 15th Reserve Battalion, CEF, upon arrival.
 The 249th Battalion had one officer commanding: Lieutenant-Colonel C. B. Keenlyside.
