"Wake Me Up" is a song recorded by English-Irish girl group Girls Aloud from their second studio album, "What Will the Neighbours Say?
" (2004).
 It was released by Polydor Records on 21 February 2005, as the fourth single from the album.
 The song had been initially considered as the lead single, however, it was deemed as sounding too harsh and the record company did not want to take the risk.
 The track was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins, Tim Powell, Shawn Lee, Lisa Cowling, Paul Woods and Yusra Maru'e.
 "Wake Me Up" is a pop rock song composed of a "garage rock guitar riff".
 It received mixed reviews from music critics.
 While some described it as predictable, others wrote that it appeared to be an attempt to recapture the sound of some of their previous release.
 Alex Kapranos, the lead singer of indie rock band Franz Ferdinand, said "Wake Me Up" inspired the band to work with producer Brian Higgins.
"Long Hot Summer" is a song by British all-female pop group Girls Aloud, taken from their third studio album "Chemistry" (2005).
 The song was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins and his production team Xenomania, and produced by Higgins and Xenomania.
 "Long Hot Summer" was written for inclusion in the Disney film "" (2005), but plans fell through.
 Higgins later described the track as "a disaster record."
 Released in August 2005, it became Girls Aloud's first single to miss the top five on the UK Singles Chart.
Xenomania is an English songwriting and production team founded by Brian Higgins and based in Kent, England.
 Formed after Higgins met Miranda Cooper, Xenomania has written and produced for renowned artists such as Cher, Kylie Minogue, Dannii Minogue, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Pet Shop Boys, The Saturdays and the Sugababes.
 In particular, all but one of Girls Aloud's studio albums have been entirely written and produced by Xenomania.
 Sugababes' "Round Round" and Girls Aloud's "Sound of the Underground" have been credited with reshaping British pop music for the 2000s.
 Gabriella Cilmi's "Sweet About Me" and Girls Aloud's "The Promise" were named Best Single at the ARIA Music Awards of 2009 and the 2009 BRIT Awards, respectively.
"All Fired Up" is a song by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays, released as the second single from their third studio album, "On Your Radar" (2011).
 The single was released on 4 September 2011.
 The song was written by Tim Deal, Brian Higgins, Matt Gray, Annie Yuill, Miranda Cooper, MNEK, Xenomania and Space Cowboy.
 The song was also produced by Brian Higgins and Xenomania, and was recorded at Xenomania.
 Described by critics as an "anthemic dance banger", the electropop song was inspired by the music of Rihanna and Britney Spears, and was noted for its "synth dance beat".
 The track received its first airplay on BBC Radio 1 on 22 July 2011, when Scott Mills aired it on his "Ready for the Weekend".
 The remix EP was released with five different remixes.
"You Wouldn't Know Love" is a song written by Michael Bolton and Diane Warren appearing contemporaneously in 1989 on Bolton's "Soul Provider" album and Cher's "Heart of Stone" album.
 The song was only released as a single in Europe and Australasia by Cher in 1990.
 Cher's version of the song, produced by its writer, Michael Bolton, became the fourth and final European single release from Cher's nineteenth album in 1990 by Geffen Records.
 It was a minor hit in the UK, faring better in Ireland.
 Cher's album was certified 3x Platinum by the RIAA in 1998 for sales of over 3 million in the U.S. alone, with worldwide sales exceeding 11 million.
 Steve Lukather played the guitar solo in the middle of the song.
"Can't Speak French" is a song performed by British all-female pop group Girls Aloud, taken from their fourth studio album "Tangled Up" (2007).
 The song was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins and his production team Xenomania, and produced by Higgins and Xenomania.
 Described as "a swirling, slower cut with great jazzy guitar changes," Higgins said it was "the easiest Girls Aloud single they made."
 Upon its release in March 2008, "Can't Speak French" charted within the top ten on the UK Singles Chart, continuing their five-year streak of top ten hits.
"Biology" is a song performed by English-Irish all-female pop group Girls Aloud, taken from their third studio album "Chemistry" (2005).
 The song was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins and Higgins' production team Xenomania, and produced by Higgins and Xenomania.
 Composed of distinct sections, it avoids the verse-chorus form present in most contemporary pop music.
 "Biology" was released as a single in November 2005, ahead of the album's release.
 Following the disappointment of "Long Hot Summer", "Biology" returned Girls Aloud to the top five of the UK Singles Chart and became their tenth top ten hit.
"Sound of the Underground" is the debut single by British all-female pop group Girls Aloud, later featured on their debut album of the same name.
 The song was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins, and Niara Scarlett, and produced by Higgins and his production team Xenomania.
 Following Girls Aloud's formation on the ITV1 reality television show "", "Sound of the Underground" was released just sixteen days later on 16 December 2002.
 It became the year's Christmas number one, spending four consecutive weeks at number one in total.
"Believe" is a song recorded by American singer-actress Cher.
 It is the title track from her twenty-second album of the same name (1998), and was released as the lead single from the album on October 19, 1998 by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 It was written by Brian Higgins, Stuart McLennen, Paul Barry, Steven Torch, Matthew Gray and Timothy Powell, although Cher claimed later in a 2000 interview that she also wrote part, and was produced by Mark Taylor and Brian Rawling.
 A considerable departure from Cher's work at the time, "Believe" abandoned the singer's then pop rock-based repertoire in favor of being more club-friendly, in order to engage a younger audience.
"No Good Advice" is a song by British girl group Girls Aloud, taken from their debut album "Sound of the Underground" (2003).
 The song was written by Aqua's Lene Nystrøm Rasted, Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins and his production team Xenomania, and produced by Higgins and Xenomania.
 It has themes of rebellion, reflecting Higgins' general mood of failure after a business partnership fell through.
 Following the overwhelming success of Girls Aloud's debut single "Sound of the Underground", the group waited five months until May 2003 before releasing the follow-up.
 "No Good Advice" cemented their success when it peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart.
