I Got the Feeling is a new jack swing song released as a single by the Motown artists Today.
 The first track on Today's album titled "The New Formula", the single was released on August 17, 1990 on both vinyl and cassette.
 The song peaked at #12 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
 It was featured in the 2004 video game, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas on the new jack swing radio station, .
"I Want Her" is a song by American R&B singer Keith Sweat.
 As the first single from his debut album, "Make It Last Forever", it reached number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart for three weeks.
 and became the most successful number one single of 1988 on the Billboard Hot R&B chart.
  This was the first new jack swing song to reach #1 on the R&B charts.
 "I Want Her" also peaked at number 38 on the dance chart.
 The song topped the R&B Billboard Year-End chart for 1988.
 It was ranked number 6 on complex.com's list of 25 best new jack swing songs of all time.
Damion Hall, also known as Damion "Crazy Legs" Hall is an African-American R&B singer.
 He is a member of the new jack swing group Guy and is the brother of Guy member, Aaron Hall.
 He has released one solo album, Straight to the Point in 1994, which spawned one single, "Satisfy You", featuring Chanté Moore.
 That song managed to reach #48 on the Billboard R&B charts.
 He is currently unsigned.
New Jack City is the original soundtrack to the 1991 film "New Jack City" released by Giant Records through Reprise Records and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 The soundtrack consists of eleven original songs, most of which were performed by chart-topping R&B and hip-hop artists of the time.
 The music is heavily influenced by the new jack swing genre of R&B.
 Prominent artists and producers of the new jack swing era contributed to the soundtrack, including Guy with Teddy Riley, Keith Sweat, Color Me Badd, and Johnny Gill; Al B. Sure!
 produced the track "Get It Together," performed by F.S. Effect.
Aaron Hall (born August 10, 1964, The Bronx, New York City and growing up in Brooklyn and Roosevelt, Long Island), is an American soul singer and songwriter.
 He is a current member of the group Guy, which he founded in the late 1980s, along with New jack swing producer Teddy Riley and songwriter Timmy Gatling, who was later replaced by Hall's brother Damion Hall.
 In 1988, they released their debut album which went on to sell over a million copies being certified platinum.
 Hall led the group in songs like "Groove Me", "I Like" and "Piece Of My Love".
Edward Theodore Riley (born October 8, 1967) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, keyboardist, and record producer credited with the creation of the new jack swing genre.
 Through his production work with artists including Michael Jackson, Bobby Brown, Doug E. Fresh, Today, Keith Sweat, Heavy D., Usher, and Jane Child, and his membership of the groups Guy and Blackstreet, Riley is credited with having a major impact and seminal influence on the formation of contemporary R&B, hip-hop, soul and pop since the 1980s.
This list contains singers and groups who performed in the new jack swing (or swingbeat) style, a hybrid style popular from the mid-1980s into the early 1990s.
 It fuses the rhythms, samples and production techniques of hip hop and dance-pop music with the urban contemporary sound of R&B.
 The new jack swing style developed as many previous R&B styles did, by combining elements of older styles with newer trends.
 It uses mellifluously soulful solo or harmonizing vocals sung over rhythms and "street" beats derived from urban musical influences.
 The sound of new jack swing comes from the hip hop "swing" beats created by drum machine, and hardware samplers, which was popular during the golden age of hip hop, with contemporary R&B style singing.
Popular music in the 1990s saw the continuation of teen pop and dance-pop trends which had emerged in the 1970s and 1980s.
 Furthermore, hip hop grew and continued to be highly successful in the decade, with the continuation of the genre's golden age.
 Aside from rap, reggae, contemporary R&B and urban music in general remained extremely popular throughout the decade; urban music in the late-1980s and 1990s often blended with styles such as soul, funk and jazz, resulting in fusion genres such as new jack swing, neo-soul, hip hop soul and g-funk which were popular.
The New Jack Reunion Tour was a 2006 concert tour that featured members of the 1990s music genre "new jack swing," which was created by Teddy Riley.
New jack swing or swingbeat is a fusion genre spearheaded by Teddy Riley and Bernard Belle that became popular from the late 1980s into the early 1990s.
 Its influence, along with hip hop, seeped into pop culture and was the definitive sound of the inventive black New York club scene.
 It fuses the rhythms, samples, and production techniques of hip hop and dance-pop with the urban contemporary sound of R&B.
 The new jack swing style developed as many previous music styles did, by combining elements of older styles with newer sensibilities.
 It used R&B style vocals sung over hip hop and dance-pop style influenced instrumentation.
 The sound of new jack swing comes from the hip hop "swing" beats created by drum machine, and hardware samplers, which were popular during the Golden Age of Hip Hop, with contemporary R&B style singing.
