Emmanuel Agapito Flores Lacaba (December 10, 1948 – March 18, 1976), popularly known as Eman Lacaba, was a Filipino writer, poet, essayist, playwright, fictionist, scriptwriter, songwriter and activist and he is considered as the only poet warrior of the Philippines.
Master Po Ping (birth name: Lotus Shan) is the title character and the protagonist of the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise.
 He is a young anthropomorphic giant panda in his 20s, who is improbably chosen as the Dragon Warrior, champion of the Valley of Peace in the first film.
 He's the adoptive son of Mr. Ping, and is one of Master Shifu's students.
 Po is also the prophesied Dragon Warrior, as well as the warrior of black and white.
 In "", Po's revealed to have the ability to be able to learn kung fu at a glance.
Elf is the first album by Ronnie James Dio's blues rock band called Elf.
 Produced by Ian Paice and Roger Glover of Deep Purple, the record was released in 1972.
 In this album, Dio is listed by his birth name Ronald Padavona.
 Though Dio had used "Padavona" for songwriting credits on earlier singles, Dio explained in an interview in 1994 that he used his birth name on this album as a tribute to his parents so that they could see their family name on an album at least once.
Hwarang: The Poet Warrior Youth () is a South Korean television series starring Park Seo-joon, Go A-ra, and Park Hyung-sik.
 It evolves around an elite group of young men called "Hwarang" who discover their passions, love and friendship in the turmoil of the Silla Kingdom (57 B.C. - A.D. 935).
 The series aired every Monday and Tuesday at 22:00 (KST) on KBS2, from December 19, 2016 to February 21, 2017.
Ronald Chesney (birth name René Cadier; born 1922) and Ronald Wolfe (birth name Harvey Ronald Wolf-Lubbroff; 8 August 1922 – 18 December 2011) were British TV comedy screenwriters, best known for their popular (and most successful) 1960s and 1970s sitcoms, "The Rag Trade" (1961–63, 1977–78), "Meet the Wife" (1963–66), "On the Buses" (1969–73) and Romany Jones (1972–75).
Hwarang, also known as Flowering Knights, were an elite warrior group of male youth in Silla, an ancient Korean kingdom that lasted until the 10th century AD.
 There were educational institutions as well as social clubs where members gathered for all aspects of study, originally for arts and culture as well as religious teachings stemming mainly from Buddhism.
 Chinese sources referred only to the physical beauty of the "Flower Youths".
 Originally, the hwarang were known for their use of make-up and cosmetic decorations and accessories.
 The history of the hwarang was not widely known until after the liberation of 1945, after which the hwarang became elevated to a symbolic importance.
Mental As Anything are an Australian new wave/pop-rock band that formed in Sydney in 1976.
 Its most popular line-up (which lasted from 1977-1999) was Martin Plaza (birth name Martin Murphy) on vocals and guitar; Reg Mombassa (birth name Chris O'Doherty) on lead guitar and vocals; his brother Peter "Yoga Dog" O'Doherty on bass guitar and vocals; Wayne de Lisle (birth name David Twohill) on drums; and Andrew "Greedy" Smith on vocals, keyboards and harmonica.
 Their original hit songs were generated by Mombassa, O'Doherty, Plaza and Smith, either individually or collectively; they also hit the Australian charts with covers of songs by Roy Orbison, Elvis Presley and Chuck Berry.
José Gutiérrez Hernández (born March 1, 1973), better known under the ring name Último Guerrero (Spanish for "Last Warrior"), is a Mexican "Luchador" , or professional wrestler, currently working for "Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre" (CMLL), where he is also part of the booking committee.
 He is not related to the "lucha libre" legend Gory Guerrero or any of his children, "Guerrero" in this case is the Spanish word for warrior and not the surname of the character.
 On September 19, 2014, Último Guerrero lost a "Lucha de Apuestas" match to Atlantis, after which he was forced to unmask and reveal his birth name.
Gerrie is Dutch and Afrikaans unisex given name.
 It is a diminutive of Ger, itself short for Gerard.
 As a birth name in the Netherlands, it is primarily feminine, peaking in popularities around 1950, but the name is more common as a nickname for men with the birth name Gerard(us) or Gerrit.
The California Birth Index (CABI) is a database compiled by the California Office of Health Information and Research.
 The index contains birth records of all registered births in California between 1905 and 1995.
 Each record is an abstract of a person's birth certificate, including date of birth, full name, county of birth, gender, and mother's maiden name.
 People who have been adopted are sometimes listed by their birth name, sometimes listed by their adopted name, sometimes by both and sometimes not listed at all.
 The CABI is considered a valuable genealogy tool but is also criticized for privacy issues.
 California began statewide civil registration of births on July 1, 1905.
 Earlier birth records may exist in the county where the birth took place or at the church where a baptism took place.
