Ding Fang (born 1956, in Wugong, Shanxi Province) is a well-known Chinese painter and curator.
 He graduated from the Nanjing Fine Arts Academy in 1986, with a Masters in oil painting, where he later taught for several years.
 After working both as a professional artist and on the editorial staff of Fine Arts in China Magazine, he moved in 2000 to the Institute of Fine Arts at Nanjing University, where he currently teaches.
 His work appeared in several prominent shows in China in the early 1980s.
 When political circumstances made it difficult for him to continue working as an independent artist, he began to exhibit in galleries in Sweden, Vienna, Los Angeles, London, Oxford, Sydney, and Rotterdam.
 In recent years his work has featured in many major Chinese exhibitions, including the Beijing Biennale in 2003 and "The Wall: Reshaping Contemporary Chinese Art".
 He was the subject of a retrospective at the National Art Museum of China in 2002.
 The Yuan Center gallery in Beijing included several of his paintings in their recent exhibition, "After Culture".
 Fang is known to be a member of the avant-garde movement.
British actor Christian Bale has starred in various films, as well as advertisements and a video game.
 He made his acting debut in 1986, on the television film "".
 The following year, he made his film debut starring alongside John Malkovich and Miranda Richardson in the war film "Empire of the Sun".
 Bale's role of a young boy, interned in China by the Japanese, received praise from most film critics.
 Two years later, Bale had a minor role in "Henry V", a drama film based on William Shakespeare's play "The Life of Henry the Fifth".
 It has been considered one of the best Shakespeare film adaptations ever made.
 In 1992, Bale starred as Jack Kelly in the Walt Disney musical drama "Newsies", which was a critical and commercial failure; however, it gained a cult following.
 He received a role in the 1994 drama "Little Women", which garnered positive reviews.
 Bale lent his voice for the Disney animated film "Pocahontas" in 1995, although it received a mixed reception and attained box office success.
 He starred as British journalist Arthur Stuart in the Todd Haynes-directed drama "Velvet Goldmine" (1998).
 Although critics were divided on the film, Bale's role was "eagerly anticipated".
 Bale portrayed Demetrius in the critically praised 1999 film "A Midsummer Night's Dream", an adaptation of Shakespeare's play of the same name, directed by Michael Hoffman.
 The same year, he portrayed Jesus of Nazareth in the television movie "Mary, Mother of Jesus".
Hsiao Ho, (Hsiao Hou) (; Cantonese: Siu Hau, born 1 January 1958 (age 58) in Meixian District, Guangdong, China) is a Hong Kong martial arts film actor, stunt performer and action choreographer.
 A Hakka, he has acted in many films directed by Lau Kar-leung, including "Mad Monkey Kung Fu" and Legendary Weapons of China.
 In 1985 he portrayed legendary kung fu warrior Fong Sai-Yuk in the Lau directed action-comedy, "Disciples of the 36th Chamber" and also took a lead role in Fake Ghost Catchers, directed by Lau Kar Wing.
 Fake Ghost Catchers is marketed by Celestial Pictures as being made two years before Ghostbusters (inferring that the idea for Ghostbusters may have come from the movie).
 Hou is also known for portraying the "disfigured swordsman" and doubling complicated action scenes in 1993's "Iron Monkey".
 He was also the action director for the movie Shaolin Avengers (1994).
 In 1982 he was nominated for Best Action Choreography for the movie Legendary Weapons of China (for which he was action director) at the Hong Kong Film Awards alongside Lau Kar Leung and Ching Chu who also provided choreography for the film.
Wu Weishan (; born: January 1962) is Curator of the National Art Museum of China,Vice-Chairman of the China Artists Association, President of the Chinese Academy of Sculpture and Director of the Academy of Fine Arts at Nanjing University.
 Wu has been actively promoting Chinese art on the world stage and has made great contribution to the international cultural exchange of China.
 He was awarded the First Award for Person of the Year in Art of P.R.C. in 2014 by RRC and was granted the title of “Artists with High Moral Virtue and Artistic Achievements of China” in 2015 and “Goodwill Ambassador for China Voices” by the State Council Information Office, P.R.C. in 2016.
Li Chengpeng () (born September 22, 1968) is a prominent writer and social critic in the People's Republic of China.
 Well known in China for his reportage and social commentary—Li's Sina Weibo blog had nearly six million followers — (it is offline now) Li made international headlines in 2011 when he announced that he would seek political office as an independent candidate in his hometown of Chengdu, Sichuan province.
 While not technically illegal, the decision represented a rare and bold move in a country where candidates for political office are typically appointed by the Communist Party of China.
Japanese Buddhist architecture is the architecture of Buddhist temples in Japan, consisting of locally developed variants of architectural styles born in China.
 After Buddhism arrived the continent via Three Kingdoms of Korea in the 6th century, an effort was initially made to reproduce original buildings as faithfully as possible, but gradually local versions of continental styles were developed both to meet Japanese tastes and to solve problems posed by local weather, which is more rainy and humid than in China.
 The first Buddhist sects were Nara's six Nanto Rokushū (南都六宗 , Nara six sects ) , followed during the Heian period by Kyoto's Shingon and Tendai.
 Later, during the Kamakura period, in Kamakura were born the Jōdo and the native Japanese sect Nichiren-shū.
 At roughly the same time Zen Buddhism arrived from China, strongly influencing all other sects in many ways, including architecture.
 The social composition of Buddhism's followers also changed radically with time.
 In the beginning it was the elite's religion, but slowly it spread from the noble to warriors, merchants and finally to the population at large.
 On the technical side, new woodworking tools like the framed pit saw and the plane allowed new architectonic solutions.
Sun Chunlan (; born May 1950) is a Chinese politician.
 She currently serves as the Head of the United Front Work Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and is a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China.
 From 2009 to 2014, Sun served in two prominent regional posts, first as Communist Party Secretary of Fujian province, then Party Secretary of Tianjin, one of China's four direct-controlled municipalities.
 Her tenure in Fujian made her the second female provincial-level party chief since the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949 (the first was Wan Shaofen).
Li Zhusheng () (1903–1973), also known as Li Mengda (), alias Yu Qiquan (), was a member of the 28 Bolsheviks.
 He was born in Anhui Province.
 In 1925, he left Anqing for the Soviet Union, where he studied at Moscow Sun Yat-sen University.
 In January 1931, he returned to China and went to Shanghai.
 On June 26, 1934, he was arrested by the Kuomintang secret police, and while imprisoned, betrayed other members of the Communist Party of China, including Sheng Zhongliang, another member of the 28 Bolsheviks who he had been classmates with in Moscow.
 In January 1935, he was given a position as a Russian language translator on the behalf of the CC Clique.
 In 1939, he was made a formal member of the Kuomintang.
 In 1948, he was made head Russian translator in Shanghai.
 In March 1951, he was arrested by the People's Republic of China police and brought to Beijing, where he was imprisoned in Qincheng Prison.
 He died of old age in prison.
Liu Zhenhua (; born 1921) is a People's Liberation Army general (shang jiang).
 He was born in Tai'an, Shandong Province.
 He joined the Communist Party of China in 1938.
 He was a veteran of the Second Sino-Japanese War, Chinese Civil War and Korean War.
 He made significant contributions to the victories of the Battle of Jinzhou against Kuomintang forces of Liao Yaoxiang and the Pingjin Campaign against Kuomintang forces of Fu Zuoyi.
 He was an alternate member of the 9th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and a delegate to the 8th National People's Congress.
 In 1964, he was promoted to major general.
 He was Ambassador of China to Albania from 1971 to 1976.
 As Ambassador, he made improvement to China–Greece relations by establishing diplomatic relations with Greece on June 6, 1972.
 In March 1979, he was made deputy political commissar of the Shenyang Military Region and political commissar of the Shenyang Military Region in October 1982.
 In 1987 he was transferred to the Beijing Military Region as its political commissar, holding that post until 1990.
 During his tenure in Beijing, he received his current rank of Shang Jiang in 1988.
Adam Tsuei (; born October 26, 1959) is an entrepreneur, film producer, and director.
 He was the former president of Sony Music Entertainment in the Greater China Region.
 He has made and brought to the music world super idols as Jay Chou, Leehom Wang, F4 and Jolin Tsai, which made him been viewed as one of the most powerful masters behind the scene in entertainment industry.
 In 2011, he successfully marketed the film "You Are the Apple of My Eye", a movie featuring a love story within a group of boys and a girl, which made a great hit among all Chinese-speaking countries.
 Decided to dedicating to movie industry, Tsuei founded Amazing Film Studio in 2012 and served as CEO.
 In 2013, by putting effort into producing, marketing and distributing, he presented the film" Tiny Times" and "Tiny Times 2".
 Both of them quickly becomes the hottest topics among mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong.
 In 2014, with the same legend combination of Angie Chai and Giddens Ko, he presented" Café.
 Waiting.
 Love", a romantic comedy with color of fantasy inside.
 In the future of 2016, as a director and producer, Tsuei is going to present the film “The Tenants Downstairs”, adapted by Giddens Ko’s original novel.
 There will be a film with black humor, fantasy, mystery and thriller in.
 With the experience of being a professional manager in global enterprise for decades, Tsuei is aimed for building a total entertainment company for Greater China, including movie’s production, movie’s promotion, VFX, artist agency, music production and concert production.
