The Irish Parliamentary Party (IPP; commonly called the Irish Party or the Home Rule Party) was formed in 1874 by Isaac Butt, the leader of the Nationalist Party, replacing the Home Rule League, as official parliamentary party for Irish nationalist Members of Parliament (MPs) elected to the House of Commons at Westminster within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland up until 1918.
 Its central objectives were legislative independence for Ireland and land reform.
 Its constitutional movement was instrumental in laying the groundwork for Irish self-government through three Irish Home Rule bills.
The Irish Agricultural Organisation Society (IAOS) was an agricultural association in Ireland which advocated, and helped to organise, agricultural cooperativism.
 From its establishment in 1894, it quickly became an important element of the Irish economy and laid the foundations of the successful Irish dairy industry.
 Although officially nonpolitical, the IAOS became associated with the Irish Home Rule movement and Irish nationalist activity from its inception.
 It was later reorganised and renamed as the Irish Co-operative Organisation Society Limited, a body which continues to operate in the Republic of Ireland.
The Home Rule League (1873–1882), sometimes called the Home Rule Party or the Home Rule Confederation, was a political party which campaigned for home rule for Ireland within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, until it was replaced by the Irish Parliamentary Party.
The Government of Ireland Act 1914 (4 & 5 Geo.
 5 c. 90), also known as the Home Rule Act, and before enactment as the Third Home Rule Bill, was an Act passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended to provide home rule (self-government within the United Kingdom) for Ireland.
 It was the third such bill introduced by a Liberal government in a 28-year period in response to the Irish Home Rule movement.
The Indian Home Rule movement was a movement in British India on the lines of Irish Home Rule movement and other home rule movements.
 The movement lasted around two years between 1916–1918 and is believed to have set the stage for the independence movement under the leadership of Annie Besant and B.G Tilak.
Sinn Féin ("ourselves" or "we ourselves") and Sinn Féin Amháin ("ourselves only / ourselves alone / solely us") are Irish-language phrases used as a political slogan by Irish nationalists in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century.
 While advocating Irish national self-reliance, its precise political meaning was undefined, variously interpreted as the aim of a separate Irish republic or (as advocated by Arthur Griffith) that of a dual monarchy.
 Its earliest use was to describe individual political radicals unconnected with any party and espousing a more "advanced nationalism" than the Irish Home Rule movement.
 In the 1890s "Sinn Féin, Sinn Féin amháin" was the slogan of the Gaelic League, which advocated the revival of the Irish language.
The Ulster Defence Union was a Unionist organization formed in 1893 to oppose the Irish Home Rule movement, following a rally at the Ulster Hall, Belfast.
 Its principal aim was to resist the Second Home Rule Bill of 1893.
John Joseph Clancy (15 July 1847 – 25 November 1928), usually known as J. J. Clancy, was an Irish nationalist politician and Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons for North County Dublin from 1885 to 1918.
 He was one of the leaders of the later Irish Home Rule movement and promoter of the Housing of the Working Classes (Ireland) Act 1908, known as the Clancy Act.
 Called to the Irish Bar in 1887 he became a KC (King's Counsel) in 1906.
The Irish Home Rule movement was a movement that agitated for self-government for Ireland within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
 It was the dominant political movement of Irish nationalism from 1870 to the end of World War I.
Hugh Heinrick (1831-1877) was a journalist and teacher and a campaigner for Home Rule in Ireland.
 Born in County Wexford, he moved to mainland Britain, first to Kirkcudbrightshire in Scotland and then to the Aston district of Birmingham, where he settled and worked as a schoolmaster.
 He was very much involved in the Irish Home Rule movement in the late 19th century, being Secretary to the Irish Home Rule MPs during the General Election of 1874 in which the Home Rule League won 59 seats.
 He was a frequent speaker at public meetings about Irish Home Rule and wrote a number of newspaper articles on the subject.
 In 1871, he was Editor of the "Irish Vindicator," a newspaper devoted to the cause of Irish Home Rule, published in London.
