The McDonnell Douglas F-15 STOL/MTD (Short Takeoff and Landing/Maneuver Technology Demonstrator) is a modified F-15 Eagle.
 Developed as a technology demonstrator, the F-15 STOL/MTD carried out research for studying the effects of thrust vectoring and enhanced maneuverability.
 The aircraft used for the project was pre-production TF-15A (F-15B) No. 1 (USAF S/N 71-0290), the first two-seat F-15 Eagle built by McDonnell Douglas (out of 2 prototype), the sixth F-15 off the assembly line, and was the oldest F-15 flying up to its retirement.
 It was also used as the avionics testbed for the F-15E Strike Eagle program.
 The plane was on loan to NASA from the United States Air Force.
Black Widow (paint mix) (also Black Widow US and Black Widow EU) is a non-commercial open source project, led by mechman (US), wbassett (US) and custard10 (EU), to create paint mix for DIY (do it yourself) projection screens from easily accessible materials all over US and EU, which could outperform some commercial projection screens.
Black Widow is the eponymous second album by English rock band Black Widow.
 It was issued in 1971 on CBS Records (the same year Black Sabbath's "Master of Reality" was released) and was produced by Patrick Meehan Jr. On "Black Widow", the occult-based lyrical themes that had dominated the band's debut disappeared.
F-15 Strike Eagle is an F-15 Strike Eagle combat flight simulator first released in 1985 by MicroProse.
 It is the first in the "F-15 Strike Eagle" series comprising also the sequels "F-15 Strike Eagle II" and "F-15 Strike Eagle III".
 It was initially released for the Atari 8-bit family, Apple II, and Commodore 64, followed by ports to other systems.
 An arcade version of the game was released simply as "F-15 Strike Eagle" in 1991.
 It uses higher-end hardware than was available in home systems, including the TMS34010 graphics-oriented CPU.
The Northrop F-15 Reporter (later RF-61) was an American unarmed photographic reconnaissance aircraft.
 Based on the Northrop P-61 Black Widow night fighter, it was the last piston-powered photo-reconnaissance aircraft designed and produced for the United States Air Force.
 Though produced in limited quantities, and with a relatively short service life, the F-15's aerial photographs of the Korean Peninsula would prove vital in 1950, when North Korea invaded the south.
Latrodectus geometricus, commonly known as the brown widow, brown button spider, grey widow, brown black widow, house button spider or geometric button spider, is one of the widow spiders in the genus "Latrodectus".
 As such, it is a 'cousin' to the more infamous "Latrodectus mactans" (black widow).
Latrodectus variolus, the northern black widow spider or northern widow, is a medically important spider species of the genus "Latrodectus" in the family Theridiidae.
 The population is closely related to the southern black widow, "Latrodectus mactans", and the western black widow, "Latrodectus hesperus", of the genus.
The Northrop P-61 Black Widow, named for the American spider, was the first operational U.S. warplane designed as a night fighter, and the first aircraft designed to use radar.
 The P-61 had a crew of three: pilot, gunner, and radar operator.
 It was armed with four 20 mm (.79 in) Hispano M2 forward-firing cannons mounted in the lower fuselage, and four .50 in (12.7 mm) M2 Browning machine guns mounted in a remote-controlled dorsal gun turret.
The Curtiss-Wright XF-87 Blackhawk (previously designated the XP-87) was a prototype American all-weather jet fighter interceptor and the company's last aircraft project.
 Designed as a replacement for the World War II–era propeller-driven P-61 Black Widow night/interceptor aircraft, the XF-87 lost in government procurement competition to the Northrop F-89 Scorpion.
 The loss of the contract was fatal to the company; the Curtiss-Wright Corporation closed down its aviation division, selling its assets to North American Aviation.
The Northrop YF-17 (nicknamed "Cobra") was a prototype lightweight fighter aircraft designed for the United States Air Force's Lightweight Fighter (LWF) technology evaluation program.
 The LWF was initiated because many in the fighter community believed that aircraft like the F-15 Eagle were too large and expensive for many combat roles.
 The YF-17 was the culmination of a long line of Northrop designs, beginning with the N-102 Fang in 1956, continuing through the F-5 family.
