The Ford Mustang is an American car manufactured by Ford.
 It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
 The original 1962 Ford Mustang I two-seater concept car had evolved into the 1963 Mustang II four-seater concept car which Ford used to pretest how the public would take interest in the first production Mustang.
 The 1963 Mustang II concept car was designed with a variation of the production model's front and rear ends with a roof that was 2.7 inches shorter.
 Introduced early on April 17, 1964 (16 days after the Plymouth Barracuda), and thus dubbed as a "1964½" by Mustang fans, the 1965 Mustang was the automaker's most successful launch since the Model A.
 The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
The 2016 Touring Car Masters was an Australian motor racing series for touring cars manufactured between 1 January 1963 and 31 December 1978.
 It is the tenth running of the Touring Car Masters.
 John Bowe is the defending series winner.
 On the September 15, 2016, it was announced that the Touring Cars Masters would combined with the New Zealand Central Muscle Car series for the Bathurst round.
 The Trans-Tasman Challenge featured over 50 cars from both championships with Glenn Seton winning the round in his Ford Mustang.
 Dean Perkins was the best placed New Zealander with his Ford Falcon.
The Honda Civic is a line of small cars manufactured by Honda.
 Originally a subcompact, the Civic has gone through several generational changes, becoming both larger and more upmarket and moving into the compact car segment.
 EPA guidelines for vehicle size class stipulate a car having combined passenger and cargo room of 110 to is considered a mid-size car, and as such the tenth generation Civic sedan is technically a small-end mid-size car, although it still competes in the compact class.
 The Civic coupe is still considered a compact car.
 The Civic currently falls between the Honda Fit and Honda Accord.
The Ford C170 Platform is Ford's compact car automobile platform from the late 1990s used by the international Ford Focus through its first generation (succeeded by the Ford C1 platform in 2004 outside North America) and continued in use by the North American Ford Focus until 2011 and the Ford Transit Connect until 2013.
The Nissan Sylphy (previously until 2012 known as Nissan Bluebird Sylphy) is a compact car, produced by the Japanese car maker Nissan, as the successor to the Nissan Pulsar.
 Built since 2000 and currently in its third generation, the second generation is still manufactured for certain markets.
 Sylphy has also been marketed in export markets under several other model names, including Pulsar and Sentra.
The North American variant of the Ford Escort is a small family/compact car introduced by Ford in 1980 for the 1981 model year.
 Adopting the "Escort" name used by Ford of Europe since 1968 along with the general design and layout of the third-generation European Escort, it was the successor of the Ford Pinto, which had a tarnished reputation for quality and safety after a widely publicized fuel tank defect.
 The Escort was one of Ford's most successful models in the 1980s, earning a much better reputation than the Pinto, which faced widely publicized safety issues.
 In fact, the Escort was the single best-selling car in its second year in the United States and during most of that decade.
Sport Compact Car (or abbreviated as SCC) was an American car magazine that lasted from 1988 to 2009.
 Sport Compact Car focused on modifying and racing sport compacts, usually import model cars.
 This publication was known for having a more technical approach than most other typical import car magazines and for the substantial number of project cars they have developed.
 "Sport Compact Car" (SCC) was published monthly by Source Interlink, which acquired it from Primedia in 2007.
The Ford Mondeo MK III (second generation) model was launched by Ford in October 2000.
 This Mondeo was considerably larger than its predecessor, and although Ford abandoned its New Edge design theme for the second generation, it was their first vehicle to fully benefit from the Prodigy concept car.
 This gave it an overall effect which many critics felt was more restrained and mature, if much less distinctive.
 Two of the old car's biggest weaknesses, the modest rear legroom, and uncompetitive diesel version were addressed by a longer wheelbase and the new Duratorq diesel engine.
 The basic chassis and suspension design was carried over from the previous generation, which meant that the car continued its predecessor's reputation for class leading handling and ride.
 This Mondeo came to Mexico, replacing the North American built Ford Contour, and was sold from 2001 to 2007, when the Ford Fusion replaced it.
 The North American market Fusion and Ford Five Hundred/Taurus sported very similar styling, inside and out.
The Moskvitch 402 is a compact car manufactured by the former Soviet automobile maker MZMA, first time introduced in 1956 as a second generation of the Moskvitch series.
 In comparison with its predecessor, the Moskvitch-401, the M-402 model featured many improvements which included independent suspension with double wishbones, telescopic shock absorbers, 12-volt electrics, more solid and comfortable car body, more modern trunk, heater, standard car radio, wider viewing range for the driver, etc.
The Dodge Challenger is the name of four different generations of American automobiles (two of those being pony cars) produced by Dodge in Detroit, Michigan.
 The Dodge Silver Challenger was produced from 1958 to 1959, as a version of the full-sized Dodge Coronet sedan.
 From MY 1970 to 1974, the second generation Dodge Challenger pony car was built using the Chrysler E platform, sharing major components with the Plymouth Barracuda.
 The third generation, from 1978 to 1983, was a badge engineered Mitsubishi Galant Lambda compact car.
 The fourth, and current generation is a pony car introduced in early 2008 as a rival to the evolved fifth generation Ford Mustang and the fifth generation Chevrolet Camaro.
