Weather Star XL is the fifth generation of the WeatherStar systems used by the American cable and satellite television channel The Weather Channel (TWC), that are used to insert local forecasts and current weather information (such as the "Local on the 8s" segments within its program schedule) into TWC's programming.
 At its rollout in 1998, it came months after a major update to the channel's on-air presentation.
 The Star XL was a major leap over the much older Weather Star 4000 system, featuring advanced capabilities such as transitions, moving icons, cloud wallpaper backgrounds and reading the local forecast contents.
 The WeatherStar XL first appeared in a beta roll-out on select cable systems in November 1998 and appeared briefly on The Weather Channel Latin America until that channel's demise.
Chiller is an American cable and satellite television channel that is owned by NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment Group subsidiary of NBCUniversal, all owned by Comcast.
 The channel specializing in horror, thriller and suspense programming.
Cable News Network (CNN) is an American basic cable and satellite television news channel owned by the Turner Broadcasting System, a division of Time Warner.
 CNN was founded in 1980 by American media proprietor Ted Turner as a 24-hour cable news channel.
 Upon its launch, CNN was the first television channel to provide 24-hour news coverage, and was the first all-news television channel in the United States.
Independent Film Channel (IFC) is an American cable and satellite television channel that is owned by AMC Networks.
 Programming on the channel includes both original and acquired series, and fan favorite films.
The Weather Channel Latin America (Spanish: El Canal del Tiempo, Portuguese: Canal do Tempo) is a website which formerly served as a cable and satellite channel based on the American cable and satellite television network, The Weather Channel.
 The channel was launched in 1996, mainly in Mexico, Colombia, and Argentina, before going on to launch a Portuguese language version for Brazil in 1998.
 The channel operated from Atlanta, with later sales offices initiated in several Latin American countries, until December 20, 2002, when the network closed the channel to avoid cost cuts at its American operations.
Disney Channel Spain is a free-to-air television channel and is an edition of The Walt Disney Company-owned Disney Channel, broadcasting in Spain.
 It is marketed to mostly children; however, in recent years the diversity of viewers has increased with an older audience.
 It is owned by "Disney-ABC Cable Networks Group."
 which is owned by The Walt Disney Company and by Spanish group Vocento which includes the conservative Spanish newspaper ABC (unrelated to Disney's American TV network also named ABC).
 It began broadcasting in 1998 as a satellite television channel.
 On July 1, 2008, it replaced the channel Fly Music on the Spanish digital terrestrial television, thus becoming the first Disney Channel available on free television.
MTV (originally an initialism of Music Television) is an American cable and satellite television channel owned by Viacom Media Networks (a division of Viacom) and headquartered in New York City.
 Launched on August 1, 1981, the channel originally aired music videos as guided by television personalities known as "video jockeys" (VJs).
 In its early years, MTV's main target demographic was young adults, but today it is primarily towards teenagers, particularly high school and college students.
 MTV has toned down its music video programming significantly in recent years, and its programming now consists mainly of original reality, comedy and drama programming and some off-network syndicated programs and films, with limited music video programming in off-peak time periods.
 It has also become involved in promoting left-wing political issues and progressive social causes.
 The network received criticism towards this change of focus, both by certain segments of its audience and musicians.
 MTV's influence on its audience, including issues involving censorship and social activism, has also been a subject of debate for several years.
Golf Channel (originally The Golf Channel from 1995 to 2007) is an American cable and satellite television network owned by the NBC Sports Group subsidiary of NBCUniversal division of Comcast.
 The channel focuses on coverage of the sport of golf, including live coverage of tournaments, as well as factual and instructional programming .
 Founded in Birmingham, Alabama, the channel's headquarters and studios are currently located in Orlando, Florida.
 Golf Channel is available in the United States, Canada and a few nations in Asia and Latin America through cable, satellite and wireless transmissions.
Nickelodeon was a Japanese television channel which targeted children, teens and adults.
 Started on November 1998 as a cable and satellite television channel, Viacom attempted to bring their Nickelodeon brand to the Japanese market.
 However, due to declining viewership, the television channel was taken off the air on September 30, 2009.
 After the channel's closure, some programs were moved to other specialty channels (including MTV Japan), DTH satellite channels and terrestrial television networks.
 New programs made their national television premiere on other channels: For example, "The Penguins of Madagascar" made debut on NHK Educational Television on April 4, 2010.
 The official website is still online, with program information, website games and downloadable stuffs.
The IntelliStar was the fifth-generation successor to the WeatherStar systems used by the American cable and satellite television channel The Weather Channel (TWC), that is used to insert local forecasts and current weather information (such as the "Local on the 8s" segments within its program schedule) into TWC's programming.
 Like the WeatherStar, it is installed at the cable provider's headend.
