Micro Men, working title Syntax Era is a one-off BBC drama television show set in the late 1970s and the early-mid 1980s, about the rise of the British home computer market.
 It focuses on the rivalry between Sir Clive Sinclair (played by Alexander Armstrong), who developed the ZX Spectrum, and Chris Curry (played by Martin Freeman), the man behind the BBC Micro.
Pointless is a British quiz show produced by Endemol UK for the BBC, hosted by Alexander Armstrong and Richard Osman.
 Each episode of the quiz features teams of two contestants attempting to find correct but obscure answers to general knowledge questions in order to score as few points as possible, and become eligible to compete for the show's cash jackpot.
 All questions used on the show are factual in nature, and are asked to a panel of 100 individuals in a pre-conducted public survey.
 Contestants seek to find correct answers that were given by as few participants as possible; those given by no participants are termed "pointless" and are the most desirable.
 Every pointless answer given during the main game increases the jackpot by £250, and one such answer must be given in the final round in order to win it.
Reggie Ossé, also known as Combat Jack (born July 8, 1969 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former hip hop music attorney and executive, and also the former managing editor of "The Source".
 He is the host of the podcast "The Combat Jack Show" and founding partner of the Loud Speakers Podcast network.
 He was also the host of the Complex TV show version of the Combat Jack Show podcast.
Bennet Evan "Ben" Miller (born 24 February 1966) is an English comedian, actor and director.
 He is best known as one half of comedy double act Armstrong and Miller, with Alexander Armstrong.
 Miller and Armstrong wrote and starred in the Channel 4 sketch show "Armstrong and Miller", as well as the BBC sketch show "The Armstrong & Miller Show".
 Miller is also known for playing the lead role of DI Richard Poole in the first 2 series of the BBC Crime Drama "Death in Paradise".
TLC is a darkly surreal farce-like sitcom set in a fictional NHS hospital called South Middlesex.
 Written by Fintan Coyle, co-creator of hit game show "Weakest Link", it was first broadcast on the BBC on 11 November 2002 and ran over six episodes until 16 December.
 There were some very mixed opinions on the show among both critics and viewers, but it achieved decent ratings and featured an excellent comedy cast including Richard Griffiths, Alexander Armstrong and "The League of Gentlemen's" Reece Shearsmith.
 The series was released on DVD in the UK on 29 October 2007.
Saurabh Pandey(born 11 May 1988) is an Indian Television and Bollywood actor.
 His debut TV show as lead was Siddharth Basu's first Fiction TV show Jiya Jale for 9X TV in (2007).
 He later played the role of Shaurya in his second TV show titled "Shaurya aur Suhani" for Star Plus channel.
 He also played the role of protagonist in shows like Tere Mere Sapne, Ganga Kii Dheej and Razia Sultan.
Armstrong and Miller are an English stand-up comedy double act consisting of the actor-comedians Alexander Armstrong and Ben Miller.
 They have performed in two eponymous television sketch shows, the satirical "Timeghost" podcast, and many individual television appearances.
Armstrong and Miller - later retitled The Armstrong and Miller Show - is a comedy sketch television show that aired between 1997 and 2001 featuring Alexander Armstrong and Ben Miller, known together as Armstrong and Miller.
 Following a series on the Paramount Comedy Channel in 1997, a further three were made for Channel 4.
Alexander Armstrong's Big Ask is a British comedy panel show hosted by Alexander Armstrong.
 The pilot was shown on Dave on 30 May 2011.
 The guests on the pilot were Robert Webb, Katy Brand and Griff Rhys Jones.
 After a positive reaction to the pilot, Dave ordered a full series which was filmed in October 2011 and broadcast from 6 February 2012.
 A second series began 26 February 2013.
Don't Ask Me Ask Britain is a British television comedy panel game show that has aired on ITV since 18 April 2017 and is hosted by Alexander Armstrong with Frank Skinner and Jonathan Ross as the team captains.
 The series is produced by Chalkboard TV for ITV.
 The goal is for the two teams to second-guess what the viewers will vote for in various questions by using an app and voting along live.
