Elisa Albert (born July 2, 1978) is the author of the short story collection "How this Night is Different (Free Press, 2006)", the novels "The Book of Dahlia (Free Press, 2008)" and "After Birth (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2015)", and an anthology, "Freud's Blind Spot: Writers on Siblings (Free Press, 2010)".
Free Press was a short-lived but well-attempted and widely circulated, monthly magazine in Malayalam language published from Dehli between 2003 and 2006.
 At 23, Vinod K. Jose became one of the youngest editor-in-chiefs of any current affairs registered magazine in India when he started "Free Press".
 "Free Press" was the first publication to have initiated the concept of citizen journalism in Kerala.
Philadelphia Free Press was a 1960s era underground newspaper published biweekly in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from 1968 to 1972.
 Originally launched at Temple University in May 1968 as the monthly "Temple Free Press", it separated from Temple and became the "Philadelphia Free Press" in September 1968.
Nobody Speak: Trials of the Free Press is a 2017 Netflix documentary directed by Brian Knappenberger.
 The documentary is themed around the effects of big money on American journalism.
 The documentary focuses on two incidents: Peter Thiel financing wrestler Hulk Hogan's lawsuit against Gawker Media, and casino owner Sheldon Adelson's secret purchase of the "Las Vegas Review-Journal".
Free Press Foundation (FPF, Mongolian: “Чөлөөт хэвлэл сан” сонины хэвлэх үйлдвэр ) is one of the largest printing houses in Mongolia.
 It was first established in 1996 under the name Newspaper Printing House with a grant aid from the Danish International Development Assistance Agency within the framework of the project “Free and Independent Press in Mongolia” implemented in accordance with the agreement between the Government of Mongolia and the Government of Denmark.
 The Government of Denmark commemorated the Free Press Foundation to the transition to free democratic society system and free open economic market in Mongolia.
 Between 1996-2005, the Free Press Foundation printed up to 90% of total number of newspaper titles in Mongolia.
 Presently, it prints over 60% of total number of newspaper titles and over 70% of total circulation of nationally printed newspapers.
Grant Dexter (1896–1961), was one of Canada's most influential journalists in the mid-20th century.
 Dexter spent his entire career with the Winnipeg Free Press, which he joined in 1912 at the age of 16.
 He served in Lord Strathcona’s Horse from 1915 until he was invalided to England in 1917.
 For many years (1923–44) he was parliamentary reporter in Ottawa for John Dafoe’s Free Press.
 During World War Two he served as a private conduit for the government to Dafoe.
 He served as associate editor of the Free Press from 1946 to 1948, then as editor from 1948 to 1954.
 He received the Marie Moors Cabot Medal for journalism—the first Canadian so honoured—in 1946.
The Free Press is an award-winning daily newspaper based in Kinston, North Carolina.
 It has served the city of Kinston and Lenoir County, North Carolina since 1882.
 "The Free Press" was owned by Freedom Communications until 2012, when Freedom sold its Florida and North Carolina papers to Halifax Media Group.
 In November 2014, Halifax announced the sale of The Free Press and its other properties to New Media Investment Group Inc.
 In 2015, Halifax was acquired by New Media Investment Group.
The Los Angeles Staff was an underground newspaper published in Los Angeles in the 1970s.
 It came into existence as a result of the temporary demise of the Los Angeles Free Press, which had been founded and published by Art Kunkin.
 Around 1970, the L.A. Free Press failed to make an employee tax payment and the paper was seized by the Internal Revenue Service.
 Kunkin managed to sell the "logo" of the paper, the phrase "The Los Angeles Free Press" to publisher Marvin Miller, who then resold it to some other parties in San Diego, California.
 The staff of the Free Press, led by editor Brian Kirby and art director Phil Wilson, left to and form their own newspaper, calling it "The Staff".
 They first moved into quarters on Santa Monica Blvd near Cahuenga Blvd., in Hollywood, California.
 They later relocated to Hollywood Blvd., just west of Western Ave. in offices above a movie theater that was at that time showing soft-core porn.
Ben Scott is a Senior Advisor to the Open Technology Institute at the New America Foundation in Washington, D.C. and a Visiting Fellow at the Stiftung Neue Verantwortung in Berlin.
 Previously, he was a Policy Advisor for Innovation at the US Department of State where he worked at the intersection of technology and foreign policy.
 In a small team of advisors to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, he worked to help steward the 21st Century Statecraft agenda with a focus on technology policy, social media and development.
 Prior to joining the State Department, for six years he led the Washington office for Free Press, a non-profit organization dealing exclusively with media and communications policy.
 As policy director for Free Press, he headed a team of lawyers, researchers, and advocates, and directed a public interest policy agenda to expand affordable access to an open Internet and to foster more public service journalism.
 He was frequently called as an expert witness before the U.S. Congress.
 Before joining Free Press, he worked as a legislative aide handling telecommunications policy for then-Rep.
 Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.)
 in the U.S. House of Representatives.
 He holds a PhD in communications from the University of Illinois.
 Ben is a 1995 graduate of the University of Illinois Laboratory High School.
 He is the author of several scholarly articles on American journalism history and the politics of media regulation as well as co-editor of two books.
The" Bard Free Press (the Free Press) is a monthly college newspaper published by students of Bard College, a private liberal arts college in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York.
 The paper has a circulation of about 2,000 and is the only printed student newspaper at Bard.
 The paper was founded in 2000, by former student editors of The Observer", Bard's newspaper at the time.
 The" Free Press" and the "Bard Observer" merged in 2008.
