Ace Trucking Co. is a comedy science fiction series that featured in the comic "2000 AD" from 1981 to 1986.
 Created by writers John Wagner and Alan Grant and artist Massimo Belardinelli, it followed the misadventures of a space trucking company headed by Ace Garp, a pointy-headed alien who spoke in a kind of futuristic CB radio slang.
 The title was lifted from a 1970s improvisational comedy group whose membership had included Fred Willard, Patti Deutsch, Michael Mislove, George Memmoli, and Bill Saluga.
The Great Indian Peninsula Railway was a predecessor of the Central Railway, whose headquarters was at the Boree Bunder in Mumbai (later, the Victoria Terminus and presently the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus).
 The Great Indian Peninsula Railway was incorporated on August 1, 1849 by an act of the British Parliament.
 It had a share capital of 50,000 pounds.
 On August 17, 1849 it entered into a formal contract with the East India Company for the construction and operation of an railway line, 56 km long, to form part of a trunk line connecting Bombay with Khandesh and Berar and generally with the other presidencies of India.
 The Court of Directors of the East India Company appointed James John Berkeley as Chief Resident Engineer and C. B. Kar and R. W. Graham as his assistants.
 It was India's first passenger railway, the original 21 mile (33.8 km) section opening in 1853, between Bombay (Mumbai) and Tannah (Thane).
 On July 1, 1925 its management was taken over by the Government.
 On November 5, 1951 it was incorporated into the Central Railway.
The Furama Hong Kong Hotel (), once known as the Furama Kempinski Hotel, was a 33-storey hotel in Central, Hong Kong, located at 1 Connaught Road Central.
 The hotel was known for its revolving restaurant on the top floor.
 The site is now occupied by the AIA Central office building.
The Inter-American Division of Seventh-day Adventists is a sub-entity of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists, which oversees the Church's work in the nations of Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bonaire, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Curaçao, Dominica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, French Guiana, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Martinique, Mexico, Montserrat, Nicaragua, Panama, Puerto Rico, Saba, Sint Eustatius, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Martin, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, United States Virgin Islands, and Venezuela.
 Its headquarters, which is the only division of the church whose headquarters is outside its territory, is in Miami, Florida.
The AIA Central (), formerly called AIG Tower (), in Hong Kong is a 185-metre (607 ft.), 37-storey skyscraper that was completed in 2005 and serves as the headquarters of AIA Group.
 It is located in Central, not far from the landmark Bank of China Tower.
Freeport-McMoRan Center (formerly One Central Park East) is a highrise located in Downtown Phoenix, Arizona.
 It is located adjacent to Arizona State University's Downtown campus.
 Upon completion in 2009, the building was the first high-rise office tower to open in Downtown Phoenix in nearly eight years.
 It is named for mining company Freeport-McMoRan whose headquarters are located in the building.
Automated Imaging Association (AIA) is the world's largest machine vision trade group.
 AIA has more than 330 members from 32 countries, including system integrators, camera, lighting and other vision components manufacturers, vision software providers, OEMs and distributors.
 The association's headquarters is located in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The Continental Steel Corporation was United States steel producer from 1927 until 1986.
 The company was created on June 21, 1927 through the merger of the Kokomo Steel and Wire Company (founded in Kokomo, Indiana in 1901) with the Superior Sheet Steel Company of Canton, Ohio, and the Chapman Price Steel Company of Indianapolis.
 Among the original eleven directors was John E. Fredrick, who had been an organizer of the Kokomo Fence Machine Company in 1896 and had served on the board of directors of the Kokomo Steel and Wire Company.
 Fredrick served as first Chairman of the Board of Continental Steel, whose headquarters were established in Kokomo.
 The Kokomo operations of this corporation, however, continued to employ the Kokomo Steel and Wire name until 1944.
 Continental Steel was dissolved in 1986, due to bankruptcy.
The Sugar refinery of Tienen (Dutch: Tiense Suikerraffinaderij - French: "Raffinerie Tirlemontoise"), a subsidiary of "Raffinerie Tirlemontoise Group" (RT Group), is a Belgian sugar producing company.
 The company whose headquarters is located in Tienen (Belgium) has four business units: sugar activities, Orafti, Surafti and PPE, which together employ more than 1,800 people.
The Peter Parker House, also known as the former headquarters of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, is a historic row house at 700 Jackson Place NW in Washington D.C. Built in 1860, it is historically significant for its association with the Carnegie Endowment, whose headquarters it was from its founding in 1910 until 1948.
 The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
 It has since been incorporated into the Blair House complex serving high-profile official visitors to the capital.
