Silver Hawk is a 2004 Hong Kong science fiction action film directed by Jingle Ma and starring Michelle Yeoh, Richie Jen, Luke Goss, Brandon Chang, Li Bingbing and Michael Jai White.
 Yeoh plays the title character, a masked comic book style heroine who rides a motorcycle, saves kidnapped pandas and uses her martial arts moves on the bad guys.
 The masked heroine theme dates back to "Huang Ying", a 1948 Shanghai book by Xiao Ping.
Wing Chun () is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts action drama film produced and directed by Yuen Woo-ping, starring Michelle Yeoh and Yen Chi-tan.
 The film was preceded by a 1994 television series of the same name.
Wan Kam Leung (; born 1945) is a Chinese martial artist and qigong practitioner who developed and currently teaches Practical Wing Chun in Kowloon, Hong Kong.
 Wan studied Wing Chun kung fu under Wong Shun Leung
Ip Man is a 2013 Chinese television series romanticising the life of Ip Man (Mandarin: Ye Wen), a Chinese martial artist specialising in Wing Chun.
 Directed by Fan Xiaotian, the series starred Hong Kong actor Kevin Cheng as the title character, with Han Xue, Liu Xiaofeng, Chrissie Chau, Song Yang, Yu Rongguang, Yuen Wah and Bruce Leung as part of the supporting cast.
 Wilson Yip, the director of the films "Ip Man" and "Ip Man 2" (starring Donnie Yen), and Taiwanese producer Young Pei-pei served as the artistic consultants for the series, while Ip Man's sons, Ip Chun and Ip Ching, served as the martial arts consultants.
 The series was shot from July–November 2012 in Kunshan, Suzhou, and was first aired on Shandong TV from 24 February to 9 March 2013.
 It won the Golden Eagle Award for Best Television Series in 2012.
Eddie Lau Pui-Kei (born February 24, 1951) is a fashion designer in Hong Kong.
 Lau has worked in the fashion industry since 1962 until his retirement in 1999, but he has never left his profession up to now.
 He was at the peak of his career in the 1980s, when he designed haute couture and stage costumes for the celebrities, such as Eunice Lam(林燕妮), Bak Sheut-sin(), Liza Wang(), Michelle Yeoh(楊紫瓊), Anita Mui(梅艷芳).
 Lau was also employed to design uniforms for international brands – Cathay Pacific Airways Limited (1999, 2011), Hong Kong Dragon Airlines Limited (2013) and gained much recognition.
 He is the first fashion designer whose works have become a focus of the Hong Kong Heritage Museum's collection In 2013, the Hong Kong Heritage Museum held an exhibition of Lau, named '他Fashion傳奇Eddie Lau‧她Image百變‧劉培基' and his autobiography "Clair de Lune" (《舉頭望明月．劉培基自傳》) was released in the same year.
Ip Man 2 (also known as Ip Man 2: Legend of the Grandmaster) is a 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film loosely based on the life of Ip Man, a grandmaster of the martial art Wing Chun.
 A sequel to the 2008 film "Ip Man", "Ip Man 2" was directed by Wilson Yip and stars Donnie Yen, who reprises the leading role.
 Continuing after the events of the earlier film, the sequel centers on Ip's movements in Hong Kong, which is under British colonial rule.
 He attempts to propagate his discipline of Wing Chun, but faces rivalry from other practitioners, including the local master of Hung Ga martial arts.
Warriors Two () is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Sammo Hung, who also co-stars in the film.
 The film stars Bryan Leung, Casanova Wong and Fung Hak-on.
 Leung plays the character of the historical figure, Leung Jan (or Leung Tsan), a well-known early practitioner of the Wing Chun style of kung fu.
 Leung's association with Wing Chun can be considered as the equivalent of Wong Fei-hung's association with the Hung Gar style.
Ip Chun (born 10 July 1924), also known as Yip Chun or Yip Jun, is a Chinese martial artist specialising in Wing Chun.
 He is the eldest of two sons.
 Ip’s father Yip Man was the Wing Chun teacher of late movie star Bruce Lee.
William Cheung or Cheung Cheuk Hing (張卓慶, pinyin: "Zhāng Zhuóqìng"), born October, 1940, is a Chinese Wing Chun kung fu practitioner and currently the Grandmaster of his lineage of Wing Chun, entitled Traditional Wing Chun (TWC).
 He also heads the sanctioning body of TWC, the Global Traditional Wing Chun Kung Fu Association (GTWCKFA).
 Cheung is responsible for introducing Bruce Lee to his master Ip Man when they were teenagers in Hong Kong.
Wong Shun Leung (; 8 May 1935 – 28 January 1997) was a Chinese martial artist from Hong Kong who studied Wing Chun kung fu under Ip Man (葉問) and was credited with training Bruce Lee.
 In interviews, Wong claimed to have won at least 60, and perhaps over 100, street fights against martial artists of various styles, though these numbers cannot be independently confirmed.
 Due to his reputation, his students and admirers referred to him as 'Gong Sau Wong' (講手王 or 'King of Talking Hands').
 Wong recorded one instructional film entitled "Wing Chun: The science of in-fighting".
