Lancaster School is located in rural Keokuk County, Iowa, United States southeast of the county seat of Sigourney.
 It is the last public building in what was the former county seat of Lancaster.
 It occupies the ground that was the courthouse square.
 The school was one of six two-story buildings built by the county for educational purposes in the 1870s and early 1880s.
 They required two teachers, and were therefore more expensive to operate.
 This building was constructed in 1881 by Reynolds Bros.
 It replaced a school building that had been built further east in 1874.
 It is a two-story frame structure that measures 33 by .
 The pedimented entry faces the south, and there is a belfry above the gable.
 A single classroom is located on the northern two-thirds of both floors.
 The town of Lancaster at one time had 32 buildings, but it started to decline in the 20th century.
 Enrollment in the school was 119 in 1898, but fell to about thirty early in the 20th century.
 When it closed in 1964 there were 13 students enrolled, and by that time they only utilized the first floor.
 The former school building, one of the churches and a few houses are all that remain of Lancaster.
 The building has been used in subsequent years as a voting facility.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Argyle is an unincorporated community in southwestern Lee County, Iowa, United States.
 It lies along the concurrent Iowa Highways 27 and 394 southwest of the city of Fort Madison, the county seat of Lee County.
 Its elevation is 679 feet (207 m).
 Although Argyle is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 52619, which opened on 1888-03-15.
 The community is part of the Fort Madison–Keokuk, IA-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Keokuk is a city and a county seat of Lee County, Iowa, United States, along with Fort Madison.
 It is also the most southerly city in Iowa.
 The population was 10,780 at the 2010 census.
 The city is named after the Sauk chief Keokuk, who is thought to be buried in Rand Park.
 It is located in the extreme southeast corner of Iowa where the Des Moines River meets with the Mississippi.
 It is located at the junction of U.S. Routes 61, 136 and 218.
 Just across the rivers are the towns of Hamilton and Warsaw, Illinois, and Alexandria, Missouri.
Keokuk County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,511.
 The county seat is Sigourney.
Denmark is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in northeastern Lee County, Iowa, United States.
 It lies along Iowa Highway 16 north of the city of Fort Madison, the county seat of Lee County.
 Its elevation is 722 feet (220 m).
 Although Denmark is unincorporated, it has a post office with the ZIP code of 52624, that opened on April 7, 1846.
 The community is part of the Fort Madison–Keokuk, IA-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 As of the 2010 Census the population of Denmark, Iowa was 423.
The McIntosh County Seat War was a dispute in Oklahoma over the location of the McIntosh County seat that took place between 1907 and 1909.
 Following a pair of elections that resulted in the town of Checotah being designated as the new county seat, the people of Eufaula refused to hand over the county records.
 As a result, a group of heavily armed men from Chectotah attempted to seize the records, but were forced to surrender during the gunbattle that ensued.
 One year later, after another close election, Eufaula became the permanent county seat.
Sigourney (pronounced "SIGG-ur-nee") is a city in Keokuk County, Iowa, United States.
 The population was 2,059 at the 2010 census.
 It is the county seat of Keokuk County.
Keokuk Falls is a ghost town in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma.
 The location is 4.5 miles north and 15 miles east of Shawnee.
 and one mile west of the Creek Nation and one mile north of the Seminole Nation across the North Canadian River.
 It was named after Chief Moses Keokuk (1821-1908).
 He is buried in Stroud, Oklahoma's Sac and Fox cemetery.
New Boston is an unincorporated community in central Lee County, Iowa, United States.
 It lies along U.S. Highway 218 southwest of the city of Fort Madison, the county seat of Lee County.
 New Boston is an unincorporated community.
 The community is part of the Fort Madison–Keokuk, IA-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 There are no commercial establishments in New Boston, although this is the home of the New Boston Mennonite Church.
Fort Madison is a city and a county seat of Lee County, Iowa, United States along with Keokuk.
 Of Iowa's 99 counties, Lee County is the only one with two county seats.
 The population was 11,051 at the 2010 census.
 Located along the Mississippi River in the state's southeast corner, it lies between small bluffs along one of the widest portions of the river.
