Lujan v. G & G Fire Sprinklers, Inc., 532 U.S. 189 (2001), was a United States Supreme Court case decided in 2001.
 The case concerned a provision of the California Labor Code which allowed the state to withhold payment to contractors or subcontracters if found in breach of contract, without a specific hearing on the matter.
 The Court upheld the provision because the companies were still able to pursue a claim in state court.
Barnes v. Yahoo!, Inc., 570 F. 3d 1096 (D. Or.
 Nov. 8, 2005), is a United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit case in which the Ninth Circuit held that Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (CDA) rules that Yahoo!, Inc., as an Internet service provider cannot be held responsible for failure to remove objectionable content posted to their website by a third party.
 Plaintiff Cecilia Barnes made claims arising out of Defendant Yahoo!, Inc.'s alleged failure to honor promises to remove offensive content about the plaintiff posted by a third party.
 The content consisted of a personal profile with nude photos of the Plaintiff and her contact information.
 The United States District Court for the District of Oregon had dismissed Barnes' complaint.
Capron v. Van Noorden, 6 U.S. 126 (1804) , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court allowed a plaintiff to dismiss a case that he had lost at trial because of a lack of diversity jurisdiction, leaving the plaintiff free to bring the case again.
Taiwan is primarily a destination for men, women, and children trafficked for the purposes of forced labor and sexual exploitation.
 It is also a source of women trafficked to Japan, Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
 Women and girls from the People’s Republic of China (P.R.C.) and Southeast Asian countries are trafficked to Taiwan through fraudulent marriages, deceptive employment offers, and illegal smuggling for sexual exploitation and forced labor.
 Many trafficking victims are workers from rural areas of Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, and the Philippines, employed through recruitment agencies and brokers to perform low skilled work in Taiwan’s construction, fishing, and manufacturing industries, or to work as domestic servants.
 Such workers are often charged high job placement and service fees, up to $14,000, resulting in substantial debt that labor brokers or employers use as a tool for involuntary servitude.
 Many foreign workers remain vulnerable to trafficking because legal protections, oversight by authorities and enforcement efforts are inadequate.
 Taiwan authorities reported that traffickers continued to use fraudulent marriages to facilitate labor and sex trafficking, despite increased efforts by the authorities to prevent this practice.
 Some women who are smuggled onto Taiwan to seek illegal work were sometimes sold in auctions to sex traffickers, and subsequently forced to work in the commercial sex industry.
 NGOs reported a sharp increase during the reporting period in the number of boys rescued from prostitution, mainly discovered during police investigations of online social networking sites suspected of being front operations for prostitution rings.
Market share liability is a legal doctrine that allows a plaintiff to establish a prima facie case against a group of product manufacturers for an injury caused by a product, even when the plaintiff does not know from which defendant the product originated.
 The doctrine is unique to the law of the United States and apportions liability among the manufacturers according to their share of the market for the product giving rise to the plaintiff's injury.
El Abayarde is the debut album by the Puerto Rican rapper Tego Calderón.
 It included the singles "Pa' Que Retozen", "Guasa Guasa" and "Al Natural".
 It was originally released 2002 through White Lion Records selling over 75,000 copies its first week between Puerto Rico and some parts of the United States.
 Despite heavy bootlegging internationally due to the album's lack of availability worldwide it was still able to sell over 300,000 copies.
 It would eventually be internationally distributed by Sony BMG in 2003.
 "El Abayarde" was nominated for a Lo Nuestro Award for Urban Album of the Year.
Edith "Edie" Windsor (née Schlain; June 20, 1929 – September 12, 2017) was an American LGBT rights activist and a technology manager at IBM.
 She was the lead plaintiff in the Supreme Court of the United States case "United States v. Windsor", which successfully overturned Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act and was considered a landmark legal victory for the same-sex marriage movement in the United States.
The Grant Commercial Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Grant, Iowa, United States.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 At the time of its nomination it contained 17 resources, which included 15 contributing buildings, two contributing structures, and one non-contributing building.
 The historic district covers the town's central business district.
 Grant is a small town located in northeast Montgomery County in the southwest quadrant of the state.
 It was plated in 1858, and it was known as Milford until the early 20th century even though its post office was Grant.
 While not on a railroad, the town was still able to maintain a viable commercial district.
Sea turtle migration refers to the long-distance movements of sea turtles (superfamily Chelonioidea) notably as adults but may also refer to the offshore migration of hatchings.
 Sea turtle hatchings emerge from underground nests and crawl across the beach towards the sea.
 They then maintain an offshore heading until they reach the open sea.
 The feeding and nesting sites of adult sea turtles are often distantly separated meaning some must migrate hundreds or even thousands of kilometres.
 Several main patterns of adult migration have been identified.
 Some such as the green sea turtle shuttle between nesting sites and coastal foraging areas.
 The loggerhead sea turtle uses a series of foraging sites.
 Others such as the leatherback sea turtle and olive ridley sea turtle do not show fidelity to any specific coastal foraging site.
 Instead, they forage in the open sea in complex movements apparently not towards any goal.
 Although the foraging movements of leatherbacks seem to be determined to a large part by passive drift with the currents, they are still able to return to specific sites to breed.
 The ability of adult sea turtles to travel to precise targets has led many to wonder about the navigational mechanisms used.
 Some have suggested that juvenile and adult turtles might use the Earth's magnetic field to determine their position.
 There is evidence for this ability in juvenile green sea turtles.
Gin Chow (1857 - June 1933) was a Chinese immigrant who gained fame in California as a prophet and fortune teller able to predict the weather and other natural events.
 Chow is credited with successfully predicting the 1925 Santa Barbara earthquake.
 Chow was also the main plaintiff in the California Supreme Court case "Gin Chow v. City of Santa Barbara" which still ranks as one of the most important water rights cases in the state.
