Robin Chase is a transportation entrepreneur.
 She is co-founder and former CEO of Zipcar.
 She is also the founder and former CEO of Buzzcar, a peer-to-peer car sharing service, acquired by Drivy.
 She also started the defunct GoLoco.org, a ride-sharing company.
 She is co-founder and Executive Chairman of Veniam, a vehicle network communications company.
 She authored the book, Peers Inc: How People and Platforms are Inventing the Collaborative Economy and Reinventing Capitalism.

Joseph W. Saunders (born c. 1945) is the executive chairman and former CEO of the multibillion-dollar global payments technology company Visa Inc., appointed in 2007.
 Before joining Visa International, he was assigned as president of card services for Washington Mutual, Inc. since acquiring Providian Financial Corporation in October 2005.
 Saunders was president and CEO of Providian from November 2001, and chairman of the board from May 2002, until Washington Mutual’s Purchasing of Providian in 2005.
 From 1997 until 2001, Saunders served as chairman and CEO of Fleet Credit Card Services.
Triple Canopy, Inc., is a private security company that provides integrated security, mission support and risk management services to corporate, government and non-profit clients.
 The firm was founded in May 2003 by veteran U.S. Army Special Forces Soldiers, including former Delta Operators.
 In June 2014 the firm merged with rival security contracting firm, Academi, formerly Blackwater, thus forming the new company Constellis Group.
 The new CEO of Constellis Group is the former CEO of Academi, Craig Nixon, and training facilities are to be consolidated at the existing Academi training facility in North Carolina.
 It was staffed by, among others, a number of former Army Special Operations personnel, Special Forces Soldiers, Rangers, SEALs, MARSOC Critical Skills Operators, other special operations personnel, and a select few law enforcement officers.
 Over 5,000 employees worked for Triple Canopy at the time of the merger.
Dame Marjorie Morris Scardino, DBE, FRSA (born 25 January 1947) is an American-born British business executive.
 She is the former CEO of Pearson PLC.
 Dame Marjorie became a trustee of Oxfam during her tenure at Pearson .
 She has been criticized by Private Eye magazine because, while Oxfam campaigns against corporate tax avoidance as part of the IF Coalition , Pearson was "a prolific tax haven user...routing hundreds of millions of pounds through an elaborate series of Luxembourg companies (and a Luxembourg branch of a UK company) to avoid tax".
 She became the first female Chief Executive of a FTSE 100 company when she was appointed CEO of Pearson in 1997.
 She is also a non-executive director of Nokia and former CEO of the Economist Group.
 During her time at Pearson, she had tripled profits to a record £942m.
 In December 2013, she joined the board of Twitter as its first female director, after a controversy involving a lack of diversity on the Twitter board.
Summit Behavioral Healthcare (Summit BHC) is a Brentwood, Tennessee-based behavioral health services company that owns and operates a large network of addiction treatment centers throughout the United States.
 Originating in 2012, the company was founded by Trey Carter, former CEO of Acadia Healthcare.
 In March 2015, Chicago, IL based investment firm Flexpoint Ford provided Round 1 funding to launch Summit BHC's growth plan.
Pramod Bhasin stepped down as President and CEO of Genpact, India's largest business process outsourcing (BPO) company, becoming non-executive Vice Chairman in 2011.
The Pantry, Inc. (NASDAQ: PTRY ) was a publicly traded convenience store chain based in Cary, North Carolina that operates Kangaroo Express stores.
 The Pantry was founded in 1967 by Sam Wornom and Truby Proctor, Jr.
 The company has been publicly traded since June 1999 and owned by investors since 1987, when then investor Montrose Capital purchased controlling shares from Wornom and Proctor.
 Recent CEOs have included the former Chairman of the Board and interim CEO Edwin J. Holman, who took over after Terrance M. Marks, the former President and CEO, resigned in December 2011.
 (Marks had replaced the longtime former CEO Peter Sodini who had held office since 1996 until retiring in September 2009.)
 Dennis Hatchell is the current CEO of the company as of 2012.
Mike Long is an American business man, former CEO of several public companies, and currently a founding partner of Sulgrave Partners LLC.
 He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Continuum, an Austin, Texas IT consulting company, from 1991 to 1997, having started with Continuum as a Director in 1983.
 In 1997, Long was named CEO of Healtheon Corporation (now WebMD), succeeding former CEO David Schnell.
 Long oversaw Healtheon's initial public offering, traveling between Europe and the United States to woo investors.
 Long was able to secure the required investment funds, and saw Healtheon's stock price rise from $8 to a high of $120.
 In 2002, Long was recruited to fix the financial struggles of Move, Inc., a company plagued by more than $4 billion in lawsuits and hemorrhaging tens of millions of dollars a quarter.
 As Chief Executive Officer, Long was able to revive Homestore, Inc., by changing the business model, rebranding the company as Move, Inc. and returning it to profitability.
 Touching on his experience of bringing about the initial public offerings of web-based businesses, Long would say that investors needed to be presented "with an entirely new face every few months," and that "the only way to run one of these Silicon Valley companies was to forget everything you'd learned outside of Silicon Valley."
Richard Yoo is an American entrepreneur, the co-founder and former CEO of the web hosting company Rackspace, and the founder and former CEO of web hosting company ServerBeach.
Alex Algard is an Internet entrepreneur.
 He is the founder and former CEO of CarDomain, the founder and former CEO of Whitepages.com, and the founder and current CEO of Hiya.
