The Cayuga–Seneca Canal is a canal in New York, United States.
 It is now part of the New York State Canal System.
The Lowell Power Canal System is the largest power canal system in the United States, at 5.6 miles in length.
 The system's estimated output is 10,000 horsepower, operating six major canals on two levels, controlled by numerous gates.
 The system was begun in the 1790s, beginning its life as a transportation canal called the Pawtucket Canal, which was constructed to get logs from New Hampshire down the Merrimack River to shipbuilding centers at Newburyport, Massachusetts, bypassing the 30-plus-foot drop of the Pawtucket Falls.
The New York State Canal System (formerly known as the New York State Barge Canal) is a successor to the Erie Canal and other canals within New York.
 Currently, the 525 mi system is composed of the Erie Canal, the Oswego Canal, the Cayuga–Seneca Canal, and the Champlain Canal.
 In 2014 the system was listed as a national historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in its entirety, and in 2016 it was designated a National Historic Landmark.
Cayuga Secondary School is a secondary school located at 70 Highway 54, Cayuga, Ontario, Canada.
 It is part of the Grand Erie District School Board.
 Cayuga Secondary School opened in 1963 under the name Cayuga Technical and Commercial High School since it did not offer a grade 13 program.
 It earned secondary school status in 1970.
 The students come from J. L. Mitchener, Rainham Central, Seneca Central Seneca Unity and Oneida Central public schools, Caledonia as well as some students from the Six Nations Reserve and from the Catholic elementary school St. Stephen's.
 The school currently has about 600 students enrolled.
 It is the home of the Warriors Football Team, The team has currently joined "Forces" With one of its two rivals(Hagersville/McKinnon) Hagersville.
 After a previous coach left after the 2015 season the two schools contacted one another and became the "Warricanes"
Seneca River Crossing Canals Historic District is a national historic district located at Montezuma and Tyre in Cayuga and Seneca Counties, New York.
 The district includes more than a mile of the Enlarged Erie Canal prism (built here between 1849 and 1857); towpath and heelpath; a drydock; the remains of the Richmond (Montezuma) Aqueduct crossing the Seneca River; remnants of the original Erie Canal, built between 1817 and 1825 and including Lock #62 and piers of the original mule bridge from that era; and a culvert that carries a stream beneath the Enlarged Erie Canal.
The New York State Canal Corporation is responsible for the oversight, administration and maintenance of the New York State Canal System, which consists of the Erie Canal, Cayuga–Seneca Canal, Oswego Canal and Champlain Canal.
 It is also involved with the development and maintenance of the New York State Canalway Trail and with the general development and promotion of the Erie Canal Corridor as both a tourist attraction and a working waterway.
The Raritan Water Power Canal in Raritan, New Jersey was a three-mile long water power canal built during the early 1840s to power industries.
 The canal has been determined to be eligible for the National Register.
 The canal is included in Duke Island Park, as part of the Somerset County Park System.
The Edison Sault Power Canal supplies the Saint Marys Falls Hydropower Plant, a Cloverland Electric Cooperative hydroelectric plant, in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.
 Excavation of the power canal began in September 1898 and was completed in June 1902.
 The canal and hydroelectric complex were named a Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 1983.
A Power Canal refers to a canal used for hydraulic power generation, rather than for transport of watercraft.
 The power canal was a major factor in the Industrial revolution in New England in the 19th century.
 Most early power canals were mill races used mechanically to transfer power directly from falling water to machinery in mill buildings.
 Later, the hydraulic power generated electricity locally for the same mill factories.
 These power canals were often filled in as electricity (transported by power lines) replaced the need for local water power, and road transport needs or city expansion needs reclaimed the land.
 Some hydraulic power canals were transformed into local electric generators, but most were closed.
 Remains of power canals can be seen in old mill towns and are often protected as historical structures today.
The Cayuga people (Cayuga: "Guyohkohnyo" or "Gayogohó:no’", "People of the Great Swamp") was one of the five original constituents of the Haudenosaunee (Iroquois), a confederacy of Native Americans in New York.
 The Cayuga homeland lay in the Finger Lakes region along Cayuga Lake, between their league neighbors, the Onondaga to the east and the Seneca to the west.
 Today Cayuga people belong to the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation in Ontario, and the federally recognized Cayuga Nation of New York and the Seneca-Cayuga Tribe of Oklahoma.
