Sega Hard Girls (Japanese: セガ・ハード・ガールズ , Hepburn: Sega Hādo Gāruzu ) is a Japanese multimedia project produced as a collaboration between ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Bunko imprint and video game company Sega.
 The project re-imagines various Sega video game consoles as anthropomorphized goddesses who appear all over modern Japan.
 The project has inspired a light novel series written by Tōru Shiwasu with illustrations by Kei, which began serialization in ASCII Media Works' "Dengeki Bunko Magazine" in June 2013, and an anime television series adaptation titled "Hi-sCoool!
 SeHa Girls" (Hi☆sCoool!
 セハガール , Hai Sukūru SeHa Gāru ) by TMS Entertainment, which aired in Japan between October and December 2014.
 A crossover video game with Idea Factory's "Hyperdimension Neptunia" franchise, "Superdimension Neptune VS Sega Hard Girls", was released for the PlayStation Vita in Japan in November 2015, and in North America and Europe in October 2016.
The Yaté Dam is an arch dam on the Yaté River in Yaté commune of New Caledonia, France.
 The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 68 MW power station.
 Plans for the project began in the early 1950s and the dam was designed by Coyne et Bellier.
 The owner and operator of the project, New Caledonian Society Energy (ENERCAL), was established on 27 August 1955 to implement the project.
 Construction began that year and the power station was commissioned in 1958.
 The dam and entire scheme was inaugurated by Jacques Soustelle, then Minister of State in charge of Overseas Departments, on 21 September 1959.
 It is the tallest dam and creates the largest reservoir in New Caledonia.
The Greenhouse Project is a non-profit organization which began as an art project by college students to raise awareness about the growing need for aid for Uganda's orphans.
 The organization's main goals are to provide impoverished, underfunded orphanages around the world with the means to become self-sustaining.
 The original project was named after the Greenhouse Orphanage of Mengo, Uganda, the orphanage which inspired the project's beginning.
Project Dragonfly is an American educational project.
 It was initially designed to give children opportunities in inquiry based learning in the sciences.
 The project was started as a magazine and website produced by professors in the Western College Program at Miami University and the National Science Teachers Association with a grant from the National Science Foundation and assistance from the Center for Human Development, Learning, and Teaching at Miami University.
 Project Dragonfly now reaches millions of people each year through inquiry-driven learning media, public exhibits and graduate programs worldwide.
 Project Dragonfly's partnership programs have generated an Emmy-Award-winning PBS television series, teacher workshops, master's degrees, public science exhibits, and conservation and education programs worldwide.
 Supported by the National Science Foundation, the project began in 1994 with the first national magazine to feature children's science investigations and discoveries.
 Project Dragonfly's programs include Earth Expeditions global graduate courses for educators and other professionals, the Global Field Program (GFP) and Advanced Inquiry Program (AIP) master's degrees, and iSaveSpecies, which engages zoo visitors throughout the country in science and conservation action.
 Project Dragonfly is based in the biology department at Miami University, a state university in Oxford, Ohio.
 Miami was established in 1809 and is listed as one of the eight original Public Ivies.
 Public Engagement Projects include: iSaveSpecies, Wild Research, DragonflyTV.
 Graduate Credit Workshops include Earth Expeditions, Zoo Expeditions, and iDiscovery.
 Master's Degree Programs include Global Field Program (GFP) and Advanced Inquiry Program (AIP), and Earth Expeditions (EE).
The Laguna Canyon Project (1980-2010), a long-term environmental art project, used a variety of tactics and techniques to focus attention on the bucolic Laguna Canyon Road, one of the last undeveloped passages to the Pacific Ocean.
 The project, created by photographic artists Jerry Burchfield and Mark Chamberlain, was a response to explosive growth in south Orange County and especially to the threats of development within their hometown of Laguna Beach, California.
 What began as a 10-year project lasted for three decades.
Jeder Rappen zählt (JRZ) "(literally Every rappen (nickel) counts)" is the Swiss version of the Serious Request that broadcasts on Dutch radio/television.
Wikisource is an online digital library of free content textual sources on a wiki, operated by the Wikimedia Foundation.
 Wikisource is the name of the project as a whole and the name for each instance of that project (each instance usually representing a different language); multiple Wikisources make up the overall project of Wikisource.
 The project's aims are to host all forms of free text, in many languages, and translations.
 Originally conceived as an archive to store useful or important historical texts (its first text was the "Déclaration universelle des Droits de l'Homme"), it has expanded to become a general-content library.
 The project officially began in November 24, 2003 under the name Project Sourceberg, a play on the famous Project Gutenberg.
 The name Wikisource was adopted later that year and it received its own domain name seven months later.
 The project has come under criticism for lack of reliability but it is also cited by organisations such as the National Archives and Records Administration.
Campo Verde Solar Project is a 139-megawatt (MW) solar photovoltaic power station in Imperial County, California.
 The project was approved in December 2012.
 Construction began in early 2013 and was completed the same year.
 Designed and constructed by U.S. thin-film manufacturer First Solar, the plant uses nearly 2.3 million CdTe-PV modules.
 Campo Verde Solar was acquired in April 2013 by Southern Power and Turner Renewable Energy.
 First Solar acquired the project in 2012 from US Solar Holdings LLC, which had developed the project and negotiated the 139 MW PPA with SDG&E.
The Ogden (originally Streamline Tower) is a 21-story luxury condominium tower located at 150 North Las Vegas Boulevard in downtown Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The Ogden was announced in 2004 as the Streamline Tower condominium project, to be built on the former 1 acre property of the Golden Inn motel, which was demolished at the end of the year.
 Work on the property began in 2005, to prepare it for the new project, which began construction the following year.
 The project was financed by Corus Bank, and was developed by a half-dozen investors, including Las Vegas Stars baseball player Dusty Allen.
The High Resolution Microwave Survey was a NASA project that was to scan ten million frequencies using radio telescopes.
 A decade in the making, the objective was to find transmissions from alien intelligences.
 The primary point of observation for the project was the Arecibo Ionospheric Observatory in Puerto Rico.
 The project began in October 1992 with SETI researcher Jill Tarter on board.
 However, a year later, first-term Nevada Senator Richard Bryan succeeded in shutting down the project.
