Charles Macklin (26 September 1690 – 11 July 1797), [Gaelic: Cathal MacLochlainn] (Charles McLaughlin in English), was an Irish actor and dramatist who performed extensively at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane.
 Macklin revolutionised theatre in the 18th century by introducing a "natural style" of acting.
 He is also famous for killing a man in a fight over a wig at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane.
A Taste of Honey is the first play by the British dramatist Shelagh Delaney, written when she was 18.
 It was initially intended as a novel, but she turned it into a play because she hoped to revitalise British theatre and to address social issues that she felt were not being presented.
 The play was first produced by Joan Littlewood's Theatre Workshop and was premiered at the Theatre Royal Stratford East, a small fringe theatre in London, on 27 May 1958.
 The production then transferred to the larger Wyndham's Theatre in the West End on 10 February 1959.
 The play was adapted into an award-winning film of the same title in 1961.
Robert Copeland was a theatre manager who managed the Dover theatre circuit in England in the early part of the 19th Century.
 The circuit initially included the theatres at Dover, Sandwich and Deal but in 1802 he added the Theatre Royal, Margate.
 Copeland was business like and practical and he managed to turn round the fading fortunes of the Theatre Royal.
 In Copeland's first season he hired the services of the distinguished actors Mrs Jordan and George Frederick Cooke.
The Author's Farce and the Pleasures of the Town is a play by the English playwright and novelist Henry Fielding, first performed on 30 March 1730 at the Little Theatre, Haymarket.
 Written in response to the Theatre Royal's rejection of his earlier plays, "The Author's Farce" was Fielding's first theatrical success.
 The Little Theatre allowed Fielding the freedom to experiment, and to alter the traditional comedy genre.
 The play ran during the early 1730s and was altered for its run starting 21 April 1730 and again in response to the Actor Rebellion of 1733.
 Throughout its life, the play was coupled with several different plays, including "The Cheats of Scapin" and Fielding's "Tom Thumb".
Talking to Terrorists is a play written by Robin Soans.
 It was first performed at the Theatre Royal, Bury St. Edmunds, England, on 21 April 2005.
 The play is written in the style of verbatim theatre where all of the dialogue is taken from real interviews and then recreated on stage.
 The play discusses the importance of resolving terrorism not with violence or conflict, but with negotiations and peaceful discussions.
Girls Like That by Evan Placey is a stage play which was first performed in 2013.
 It was co-commissioned by Birmingham Repertory Theatre, Theatre Royal, Plymouth and West Yorkshire Playhouse.
Love in Several Masques is a play by Henry Fielding that was first performed on 16 February 1728 at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane.
 The moderately received play comically depicts three lovers trying to pursue their individual beloveds.
 The beloveds require their lovers to meet their various demands, which serves as a means for Fielding to introduce his personal feelings on morality and virtue.
 In addition, Fielding introduces criticism of women and society in general.
Opera North is an English opera company based in Leeds.
 The company's home theatre is the Leeds Grand Theatre, but it also presents regular seasons in several other cities, at the Theatre Royal, Nottingham, the Lowry Centre, Salford Quays and the Theatre Royal, Newcastle.
 The Company's orchestra, the Orchestra of Opera North, regularly performs and records in its own right.
 Operas are performed either in English translation or in the original language of the libretto, in the latter case usually with surtitles.
Wisdom of a Fool is a one-man play based on the early life and career of actor and comedian Norman Wisdom.
 The play premiered at The Capitol Theatre Horsham in September 2015, which coincided with Wisdom's centenary.
 This is the first play to be written on the entertainer, which embarks on a UK tour in 2016/17.
 Theatres include Yvonne Arnaud Theatre, Little Theatre (Leicester), Marina Theatre, Theatre Royal Margate, Gaiety Theatre, Isle of Man, Middlesbrough Theatre, Theatre Royal Bury St Edmunds, Courtyard, Hereford, White Rock Theatre, New Wolsey Theatre, LOST Theatre, Jersey Arts Centre, Gala Theatre Durham, Broadway Theatre Letchworth, The Playhouse, Weston-super-Mare, Theatre Royal, Wakefield, Hazlitt Theatre, Theatre Royal Winchester, Devonshire Park Theatre, Queen's Theatre, Barnstaple, Falkirk Theatre, Hall for Cornwall
Sparrows Can't Sing is a 1963 British film.
 Based on a 1960 play, "Sparrers Can't Sing", it was directed by Joan Littlewood and was from a story by Stephen Lewis.
 The producer was Donald Taylor and the original music by James Stevens, incidental music was composed by Stanley Black.
 The play, also by Stephen Lewis, was first performed at Joan Littlewood's Theatre Workshop in the Theatre Royal Stratford East.
