Louisiana Hot Sauce is a brand of hot sauce manufactured in New Iberia, Louisiana by The Original Louisiana Hot Sauce Co., which is owned by Southeastern Mills Inc.
 The product's labeling includes the word "original", and it is sometimes referred to as "Original Louisiana Hot Sauce" and "Original Louisiana Brand Hot Sauce."
 It is a common hot sauce in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
 Bruce Foods was the previous owner and manufacturer of the brand, and sold it to Southeastern Mills Inc. in April 2015.
Valentina is a brand of pourable hot sauce manufactured by Salsa Tamazula, a company in Guadalajara, Mexico.
 It is typically sold in 12.5-ounce and very large (one-liter or 34-ounce) glass bottles, with a flip-top cap permanently attached to the bottle (the cap does not unscrew).
 The sauce, and the parent company's Tamazula hot sauce, are made with puya chilis from Jalisco state – similar to the Guajillo chili and known by the name "guajillo puya" – is described as thicker than Tabasco sauce and less vinegary, with more chile flavor.
 Valentina comes in two varieties, hot and extra hot, and the sauce is known for its use on tacos and its taste, as opposed to only for its heat.
 Valentina's ingredients are water, chili peppers, vinegar, salt, spices and sodium benzoate (as a preservative).
Rynella is an unincorporated community in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, that consists of a few residential dwellings and a volunteer fire department along Highway 329 (also known as the Avery Island Highway).
 The name "Rynella" allegedly is an acronym deriving from the last two letters of the first names of three local women, Rosema"RY", Pauli"NE", and Lei"LA" McIlhenny (someone eventually adding an extra L to the resulting word).
 They were daughters of Edward Avery McIlhenny, a noted Louisiana conservationist who presided over McIlhenny Company, maker of Tabasco brand pepper sauce at nearby Avery Island.
 (At one time McIlhenny operated a general store at Rynella and he owned much of the land that now comprises and surrounds the community.)
Texas Pete is a Louisiana-style hot sauce in the United States developed and manufactured by the TW Garner Food Company in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
 The brand has 6, 12, and 24 ounce bottles with bright red sauce, flip top, and white and yellow label featuring the name in red and "Texas Pete," a red silhouette cowboy.
 Texas Pete is fairly mild, registering 747 on the Scoville heat scale.
 Its auxiliary branded Hotter Hot Sauce is claimed to be three times hotter than original Texas Pete.
 Texas Pete also makes a sautéed garlic hot sauce.
 In 2013, Texas Pete introduced the "Cha!"
 Sriracha sauce with the marketing slogan "Embrace your "Cha!ddiction."
 Sabor!
 by Texas Pete was released in 2016 as their Mexican style hot sauce.
Old Sour is a sauce used in the Bahamas and Key West, Florida.
 Old Sour sauce originated in the Bahamas, and was originally prepared using key lime juice, salt and Bird peppers.
 It is made from an aged (fermented) mixture lime (fruit) juice and salt.
 Old Sour has a salty and acidic flavor.
 Hot sauce is sometimes used as an ingredient to add additional flavor.
 Conchs, natives of Key West use the sauce for a variety of food including to flavor seafood dishes.
 The sauce may have been developed to preserve lime juice.
Sriracha (Thai: ศรีราชา ,  ] ; ) is a type of hot sauce or chili sauce made from a paste of chili peppers, distilled vinegar, garlic, sugar, and salt.
 It is named after the coastal city of Si Racha, in Chonburi Province of eastern Thailand, where it may have been first produced for dishes served at local seafood restaurants.
Pique is a Puerto Rican hot sauce made by steeping hot peppers in vinegar.
 One popular variant is habanero peppers with Seville oranges.
Creole sauce, also referred to as "red gravy", creole tomato sauce, and sauce piquant in New Orleans, is a Creole cuisine, Bahamian cuisine and New Orleans cuisine sauce made by sauteeing vegetables in butter and olive oil.
 It is used in the American south and in the Bahamas.
 It is made with tomatoes, the Cajun holy trinity (celery, bell peppers, and onions), garlic, seasonings, and herbs.
 Stock (usually chicken) is also used and seasoned with cayenne, hot sauce, bay leaf, salt, black pepper, thyme, and parsley.
Crystal Hot Sauce is a brand of Louisiana-style hot sauce produced by family-owned Baumer Foods since 1923.
 3 e6USgal of Crystal Hot Sauce are shipped per year to 75 countries.
 The sauce is reddish orange with a medium heat and a milder, brighter flavor than Tabasco sauce.
Tabasco sauce is a brand of hot sauce made exclusively from tabasco peppers ("Capsicum frutescens" var.
 "tabasco"), vinegar, and salt.
 It is produced by McIlhenny Company of Avery Island, Louisiana.
