Joe Baiza (born January 11, 1952) is a punk rock and jazz guitarist whom Eugene Chadbourne cites as one of the most noteworthy guitarists to emerge from the Southern California punk rock milieu.
 Baiza is a founding member of the bands Saccharine Trust, Universal Congress Of, and The Mecolodiacs.
 He also performed guest guitar spots on several Minutemen tracks and played alongside Black Flag's Greg Ginn and Chuck Dukowski in the SST all-star jam band October Faction, recording two albums with them.
 Baiza was also part of the musical side project Nastassya Filippovna which featured Bob Lee (drums), Devin Sarno (bass) and Mike Watt (bass).
 He substituted for Nels Cline during Mike Watt's European and American tours behind his second solo album, "Contemplating the Engine Room", in 1997 and 1998.
 Also in 1997, he and Cline played (sometimes together) in the band Solo Career with Lee (drums), Richard Derrick (bass), Walter Zooi (trumpet) and Gustavo Aguilar (percussion); other guitarists in that rotating ensemble included Mario Lalli, Woody Aplanalp and Ken Rosser.
 Currently, he is in the reunited Saccharine Trust as well as the improvisational unit Unknown Instructors with former Minutemen Mike Watt and George Hurley.
Von Franco (born May 29, 1952) is a self-taught American artist associated with the Lowbrow art movement and Kustom Kulture.
 He became involved at an early age in the burgeoning hot rod and Kustom Kulture scene of Southern California.
 His skill at drawing hot rod and monster art, popular in Kustom Kulture, caught the attention of Ed "Big Daddy" Roth, for whom Von Franco later worked.
 Von Franco became a builder of custom automobiles, gaining notoriety for building clones of Norm Grabowski's Kookie, Kookie II and Lightning Bug t-buckets, as well as a clone/expansion of the Golden Rod.
 Von Franco is also known for his distinctive pinstriping and hand-lettering techniques.
 He was also the guitarist in the surf band The Bomboras and played the vibraphone in The Hyperions.
Stéphane Houdet and Shingo Kunieda were the defending champions, but they decided not to play together.
 Stéphane Houdet played alongside Joachim Gérard and won the title by defeating Gustavo Fernández and Nicolas Peifer in the final, 4–6, 6–3, [11–9].
 Shingo Kunieda played alongside Takuya Miki and lost in the semifinals to Joachim Gérard and Stéphane Houdet.
I, Human is the second full-length album by Singaporean death metal band, Deus Ex Machina, and the first to feature a permanent vocalist, giving it more uniformity in contrast to The War Inside, which had a different singer for each track.
 Musically, it is an edgy mixture of Death Metal and Thrash Metal with Melodic death metal and Progressive Metal interjections, coupled with a diversified vocal approach.
 The lyrical content of the album deals with the future: Cloning.
 Specifically, questions regarding its use, legality, implications and the possibility of a world full of clones fighting to gain their own identity.
 The concept is based on Isaac Asimov's novel I,Robot, but also is influenced by other science fiction works such as "Blade Runner", "The 6th Day", "A.I. Artificial Intelligence", and "Warhammer 40,000".
 Each songs discusses the ethical issues pertaining to cloning, shifting from first person to second person to third person perspective.
 The band further divulges the mind frame of an unnamed clone character as it gradually realizes it is a clone, upon awaking from what it thought was a dream.
 In its desire to strive for acceptance as an equal, the band delves into its thoughts, fears and plans and invokes these emotions and transforms them into an aural assault with thought-provoking lyrics.
Clones of Clones is an American indie rock band from Washington, D.C. composed of members Ben Payes, Todd Evans, Nick Scialli, and Brian Abbott.
 On their debut EP, the band worked with producer Justin Long (U.S. Royalty).
 They have played shows alongside bands such as Sam Roberts Band, The Trews, SomeKindaWonderful, and Saintseneca.
Live at Wembley is a live album by British rock band Bring Me the Horizon.
 It was recorded live on 5 December 2014 during the headline show at Wembley Arena in Wembley, London.
 The opening acts included Young Guns, Issues as well as Sleepwave.
 The live album was released on 22 June 2015 with very few copies made, and selling out very quickly.
 This was the first time the band had played the song "Pray for Plagues" in over three years, and was played alongside ex-rhythm guitarist, Curtis Ward, whom they had not performed with since his departure in 2009.
Io Echo is an American indie rock band formed in Los Angeles by Ioanna Gika and Leopold Ross.
 Their debut album, "Ministry of Love", was released in 2013 on Iamsound in the US.
 Previously, the band released "While You Were Sleeping" single in 2010 and a self-titled EP in 2012 on the same label.
 Io Echo's style combines rock music compositions with instruments such as a Japanese koto harp and Chinese violins.
 Io Echo were hand picked by Trent Reznor to open for Nine Inch Nails at the last show of their Wave Goodbye Tour.
 Io Echo have also recently composed the score to the Harmony Korine and James Franco film project "Rebel."
 In 2013, the band played Coachella, Lollapalooza, and toured with Bloc Party and Garbage.
 As well as recording and touring, after seeing them perform live Jeffrey Deitch asked the band to curate an audio visual festival at the Museum of Modern Art Los Angeles.
 Io Echo named it PLAY MOCA and played alongside Salem, Cults, Zola Jesus, Active Child, and more.
Marcelo Demoliner and João Souza were the defending champions, but they decided not to play together.
 Demoliner played alongside Elias and Souza played alongside Sá.
Cocktail Slippers is a five-piece, all-female rock band from Oslo, Norway.
 Current band members are: "Hope" (vocals), "Rocket Queen" (guitar), "Piper" (keyboard/organ), "Bella Donna" (drums) and "Sugar Cane" (bass).
 Cocktail Slippers was formed in 2001 and has since released three studio albums and two Christmas singles.
 They are known for their entertaining live rock ′n roll performances and have played alongside artists such as "Nancy Sinatra", "Crowded House", "Elvis Costello" and "The Strokes".
 The band is continuously touring Europe and the USA.
He grew up playing for the Otahuhu Leopards before moving to the Te Atatu Roosters where he won a Fox Memorial premiership.
 He later played for the Mangere East Hawks before moving to England.
 During the 1991 season Iva was able to twice line up alongside four of his brothers for Mangere East in the Auckland Rugby League competition.
 Iva played alongside Joe, John, Peter, and Tea.
