Windsor, Ontario was the first Canadian city with an electric street car system, which was introduced in 1886.
 Other Canadian cities soon followed suit, with St. Catharines in 1887 and Toronto in 1889.
 By World War I, nearly 50 Canadian cities had streetcar systems in place.
 By the time Windsor’s streetcar system was dismantled in 1937, the system’s scale was extensive and it serviced all 5 of the major riverfront communities of Windsor, Ford City (East Windsor), Sandwich, Walkerville and Ojibway.
Empire Field was a temporary Canadian football and soccer stadium built at Hastings Park in the Canadian city of Vancouver, British Columbia.
 Located on the site of the former Empire Stadium, the 27,528 spectator venue was constructed to allow a new retractable roof to be installed at BC Place in 2010 and 2011.
 Empire Field was home to the Canadian Football League's (CFL) BC Lions for the 2010 and part of the 2011 seasons, and for Major League Soccer's (MLS) Vancouver Whitecaps FC for part of their debut 2011 season.
Adriane Carr (born 1952) is a Canadian academic, activist and politician with the Green Party in British Columbia and Canada.
 She is also a Councillor on Vancouver City Council.
 She was a founding member and the Green Party of British Columbia's first spokesperson (leader) from 1983 to 1985.
 In 1993 the Party formally established the position of "Leader".
 In 2000, she became the party's leader again.
 In the 2005 provincial election, she received in excess of 25% of the vote in her home riding of Powell River-Sunshine Coast.
 She resigned her position in September 2006 when she was appointed by Federal Green Party Leader, Elizabeth May, to be one of her two Deputy Leaders of the Green Party of Canada.
 Earlier in 2006, Carr had co-chaired the successful campaign to get her political ally and long-time friend Elizabeth May elected as Leader.
 After two losses as a federal candidate in Vancouver Centre (2008 and 2011), Carr was elected to Vancouver City Council in November 2011.
 She was the sole candidate of the Green Party of Vancouver for one of 10 seats in the at large election held in November 2011 municipal election.
 This was her first electoral success in eight attempts, and she is the first person elected to a major Canadian City's Council under the Green Party banner.
 She continues to support the Green Party of British Columbia and the Green Party of Canada.
The Western Canadian Music Awards (WCMAs) are an annual awards event for music in the western portion of Canada.
 The awards are provided by the Western Canada Music Alliance, which consists of six member music industry organizations from British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Yukon, and The Northwest Territories.
 The Western Canadian Music Awards presentation gala takes place on the final evening of the Breakout West music conference & festival, which takes place in a different Western Canadian city each year.
Gambaro is an Australian hospitality group headquartered at Brisbane, Queensland founded in 1953.
 Passed from original founder Giovanbaptista Gambaro to son Michael and Domenico, who opened Gambaro seafood restaurant in 1972.
 It is the oldest established restaurant in Brisbane and a benchmark in fine dining.
 Gambaro is today operated by third generation sons John, Frank and Donny Gambaro.
 Currently the Gambaro Group comprises a multitude of businesses, including the multi-award-winning Gambaro Restaurant, Black Hide Steakhouse, and the Gambaro Hotel, MG Bar and Function Centre.
The Vancouver Grizzlies relocation to Memphis was a successful effort by the ownership group of the Vancouver Grizzlies to move the basketball team from the Canadian city of Vancouver, British Columbia, to the United States city of Memphis, Tennessee.
 The team began play as the Memphis Grizzlies in the 2001–02 season.
 It was the first of three National Basketball Association (NBA) franchise moves between 2001 and 2008, and the third of four major league teams to relocate from Canada to the United States between 1995 and 2005.
This list of tallest buildings in Toronto ranks skyscrapers in the Canadian city of Toronto, Ontario by height.
 The tallest structure in Toronto is the CN Tower, which rises 553 m .
 The CN Tower was the tallest free-standing structure on land from 1975 until 2007.
 However, it is not generally considered a high-rise building as it does not have successive floors that can be occupied.
 The tallest habitable building in the city is First Canadian Place, which rises 298 metres (978 ft) tall in Toronto's Financial District and was completed in 1975.
 It also stands as the tallest building in Canada.
Roden Brothers was founded June 1, 1891 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada by Thomas and Frank Roden.
 In the 1910s the firm became known as Roden Bros.
 Ltd. and were later taken over by Henry Birks and Sons in 1953.
 Roden Bros Ltd.'s silver was supplied by the province of British Columbia and with it they produced a wide range of silver holloware and flatware in traditional English styles.
 The company offered a variety of flatware patterns that included Stratford, Queens, and Louis XV.
 Goldsmiths Stock Company were their exclusive selling agents from 1900 to 1922.
 Roden Bros Ltd.'s mark included the word Sterling, followed by 925, an R and a lion passant.In addition to silver hollowware and flatware, Roden Bros.
 Ltd. produced cut crystal and medals.
 In 1974 Roden Bros.
 Ltd. published the book, "Rich Cut Glass" with Clock House Publications in Peterborough, Ontario, which was a reprint of the 1917 edition published by Roden Bros., Toronto.
The Freedom of the City is an honour bestowed by a city council upon a person (or persons) to whom the city wishes to pay tribute.
 In medieval times, the title of "freeman" would entitle the bearer to special privileges, such as the right to vote or own property, but few of these privileges are still relevant today; in contemporary society, the granting of the Freedom of the City is seen more as a symbolic gesture.
 In some countries, esteemed individuals are instead awarded the Key to the City, which usually takes the form of an ornamental key.
 Other places have their own, unique local variants, such as the white Smithbilt hats awarded by the Canadian city of Calgary.
HMCS "Saskatoon" is a "Kingston"-class coastal defence vessel that has served in the Canadian Forces since 1998.
 "Saskatoon" is the tenth ship of her class which is the name for the Maritime Coastal Defence Vessel Project.
 She is the second vessel to use the designation  .
 The ship is named after the Canadian city of Saskatoon, and includes other references to the city such as naming the captains desk Cranberry Flats and a main corridor after Idylwyld Drive.
 She is assigned to Maritime Forces Pacific (MARPAC) and is homeported at CFB Esquimalt.
