University Hospital Limerick (formerly known as Limerick Regional Hospital or Mid-Western Regional Hospital, Limerick) is a hospital located in Dooradoyle, Limerick, Ireland.
 It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services, including a 24-hour emergency department, for the population of Ireland's Mid West Region, encompassing; counties Limerick, Clare, North Tipperary, and South Tipperary.
 In 2008, the hospital served 120,316 out-patients, and 23,014 in-patients, with an average stay of 5.8 nights.
 72.8% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 16,720 patients.
 In total, 56,528 patients presented to the emergency department in 2008.
 The hospital saw 20,143-day cases in the same year.
 In July 2011, it was reported that the hospital would undergo its third name change in five years to become University Hospital Limerick following the establishment of the Graduate Medical School at the University of Limerick which is affiliated to the hospital.
The Midland Regional Hospital, Tullamore is a public hospital located in Tullamore, County Offaly, Ireland.
 It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services, including a 24-hour emergency department, for the population of County Offaly and the Irish Midlands.
 In 2008, the hospital served 77,459 out-patients, and 9,756 in-patients, with an average stay of 5.5 nights.
 75.1% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 7,090 patients.
 In 2007, 31,231 patients presented to the emergency department.
 The hospital saw 21,376 day cases in the same year.
The Government of Hungary (Hungarian: "Magyarország Kormánya" ) exercises executive power in Hungary.
 It is led by the Prime Minister, and is composed of various ministers.
 It is the principal organ of public administration.
 The Prime Minister ("miniszterelnök") is elected by the National Assembly and serves as the head of government and exercises executive power.
 The Prime Minister is the leader of the party with the most seats in parliament.
 The Prime Minister selects Cabinet ministers and has the exclusive right to dismiss them.
 Cabinet nominees must appear before consultative open hearings before one or more parliamentary committees, survive a vote in the National Assembly, and be formally approved by the President.
 The cabinet is responsible to the parliament.
Bobby Miller (18 March 1950 - 10 June 2006) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Laois and Timahoe.
 In June 2006, Miller was managing the Arles-Killeen side from Laois that included Laois county stars Beano McDonald and Donal Brennan when he became ill on the sideline shortly before half time.
 Medics did what they could on the pitch itself and he was then taken to Portlaoise Midland Regional Hospital but was pronounced dead on arrival.
 He was 56 years of age.
The Prime Minister of Iceland (Icelandic: "Forsætisráðherra Íslands" ) is Iceland's head of government.
 The prime minister is appointed formally by the President and exercises executive authority along with the cabinet subject to parliamentary support.
Laois County Infirmary was a hospital in Portlaoise, Co.Laois, Ireland.
 Built in 1808 by David Henry.
 It was replaced by the Midland Regional Hospital, Portlaoise in 1936.
The Government of Ireland (Irish: "Rialtas na hÉireann" ) is the cabinet that exercises executive authority in the Republic of Ireland.
Midland Regional Hospital may refer to various hospitals in Ireland:
The Union Council of Ministers exercises executive authority in the Republic of India.
 It consists of senior ministers, called "Cabinet Ministers", junior ministers, called "Ministers of State" and deputy ministers.
Midland Regional Hospital, Mullingar (formerly known as "Longford-Westmeath Regional Hospital") is a public hospital located in Mullingar, County Westmeath, Ireland.
 It is managed by the Health Service Executive, and provides acute-care hospital services, including a 24-hour emergency department, for the population of County Westmeath and the Irish Midlands.
 In 2008, the hospital served 70,454 out-patients, and 18,951 in-patients, with an average stay of 3.0 nights.
 69.0% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 12,114 patients.
 In 2007, 35,767 patients presented to the emergency department.
 The hospital saw 6,851 day cases in the same year.
 A large extension was built in the early 1990s to accommodate the ever-increasing population of the town.
 A change in government halted investment and the extension lay as an empty shell until late 2006 when funding was finally secured to ensure its completion.
