The Real Housewives of Cheshire (abbreviated RHOCheshire) is a British reality television series broadcast on ITVBe.
 The show premiered on 12 January 2015 and is based on "The Real Housewives" franchise.
 It is produced and distributed by NBCUniversal International Networks, and Monkey Kingdom, one of Britain's leading production companies.
 "The Real Housewives of Cheshire" chronicles the lives of several affluent housewives who reside in Cheshire and Greater Manchester, England.
Girls Aloud: Off the Record is a six-part series recorded by Girls Aloud for E4 that started on 11 April 2006 at 10:30pm.
 The show was produced by E4 and Monkey Kingdom Productions for Channel Four Television Corporation.
Anaganaga O Dheerudu (English: "Once Upon a Warrior" ) is a 2011 Indian Telugu fantasy-adventure film directed by debutant Prakash Kovelamudi in his first mainstream film.
 Co-produced by Disney World Cinema with veteran director K. Raghavendra Rao at a budget of 270 million, it stars Siddharth, Shruti Haasan, in her Telugu debut, and Harshitha as protagonists with Lakshmi Manchu making her debut in a negative role.
 It features a musical score by Salim-Sulaiman, an ensemble soundtrack by Salim-Sulaiman, M. M. Keeravani, Koti and Mickey J Meyer, while cinematography and editing are handled by Soundar Rajan and Sravan Katikaneni, respectively.
 Prasad Devineni of Arka Media Works is the line producer.
Tara Platt (born June 18, 1978) is an American actress and producer who has provided voices for dozens of English-language versions of Japanese anime films, television series, and video games.
 Her notable roles in anime include Temari in "Naruto" and Reina in "Rave Master".
 In video games, she has voiced Noir in "Tales of the Abyss" and Mitsuru Kirijo in "", as well as characters in "Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe", "Marvel vs. Capcom 3", "", "Soulcalibur IV", and "League of Legends".
 On screen she has appeared in television shows like "Scandal", "Hawaii Five-0", "Castle" and "Revenge", as well as the feature film "The Call".
 She has a production company Monkey Kingdom Productions with her husband, Yuri Lowenthal, where they have produced several films that have made the film festival rounds, and a live-action web series called "Shelf Life".
 They authored the book "Voice-Over Voice Actor" which gives career tips.
Monkey Business was a UK TV series that premiered in 1998, focusing on the various primates living at Monkey World, a rescue centre and sanctuary for primates in Dorset, United Kingdom.
 The series featured Jim Cronin and Alison Cronin, directors of Monkey World, as they travelled around the world rescuing primates often from abusive situations, and bringing them to the Monkey World sanctuary.
 The goal of Monkey World was the rehabilitation of the rescued primates, who were then released to live within the sanctuary in as natural-a-habitat as possible.
 The series was narrated by Chris Serle.
In the Hindu epic Ramayana, Sugriva (Sanskrit: सुग्रीव, IAST: sugrīva, lit.
 "beautiful necked") was younger brother of Vali, whom he succeeded as ruler of the vanara or monkey kingdom of Kishkindha.
 Rumā was his first wife and Tara was his second wife.
 He was son of Surya, the Hindu deity of sun.
 As the king of monkeys, Sugriva aided Rama in his quest to liberate his wife Sita from captivity at the hands of the Rakshasa king Ravana.
 This aid is referred to as Sugrivajne (Sugriva pledge).
Shruti Haasan is an Indian film actress, composer and playback singer who works in Telugu, Hindi, and Tamil cinema.
 Born into the prominent Haasan family, she is the daughter of actors Kamal Haasan and Sarika Thakur.
 Shruti Haasan started her career as a playback singer at the age of six in the 1992 Tamil film "Thevar Magan".
 She later made a cameo appearance in her father's Tamil-Hindi bilingual directorial "Hey Ram" (2000).
 Haasan's first major appearance was in Soham Shah's Hindi film "Luck" (2009), in which she played a dual role of a woman avenging her twin sister's death.
 She played the female lead in the films "Anaganaga O Dheerudu" and "7aum Arivu"; both were released in 2011 and together earned her the Best Female Debut – South at the 59th Filmfare Awards South ceremony.
 Her subsequent releases "Oh My Friend" (2011) and "3" (2012) were commercially unsuccessful.
 The latter earned her a nomination for the Best Actress – Tamil at the 60th Filmfare Awards South ceremony.
 A turning point came in Hassan's career with Harish Shankar's commercially successful Telugu film "Gabbar Singh" (2012).
 The release was followed by a series of successful films such as "Balupu" (2013) and "Yevadu" (2014).
 She received her first Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu for her performance in "Race Gurram" (2014).
Yuri Lowenthal (born March 5, 1971) is an American actor, producer, and screenwriter known chiefly for his voice-over work in anime, cartoons and video games.
 Some of his prominent roles in anime and cartoons include teenage Ben Tennyson in "Ben 10", Sasuke Uchiha in "Naruto", Jinnosuke in "Afro Samurai", Suzaku Kururugi in "Code Geass", and Simon in "Gurren Lagann".
 In video games, he voices The Prince in Ubisoft's "Prince of Persia", Alucard in "Castlevania", Hayate/Ein in "Dead or Alive", Matt Miller in "Saints Row", and Yosuke Hanamura in "Persona 4".
 He has a production company Monkey Kingdom Productions with his wife, Tara Platt, where they have produced several feature films and a live-action web series called "Shelf Life".
 He co-authored the book "Voice-Over Voice Actor" which gives career tips.
Zokkomon (Hindi: ज़ॉक्कोमॉन ) is 2011 Bollywood action superhero film, released by Disney World Cinema, written and directed by Satyajit Bhatkal.
 Starring "Darsheel Safary" in the leading role, "Zokkomon" is Disney's fourth involvement in a production for the Indian market (after the computer-animated "Roadside Romeo", Tollywood movie "Anaganaga O Dheerudu" and the live-action "Do Dooni Chaar").
 The music has been composed by Shankar Ehsaan Loy.
Monkey Kingdom is a 2015 American nature documentary film directed by Mark Linfield and Alastair Fothergill and narrated by Tina Fey.
 The documentary is about a family of monkeys living in ancient ruins founded in the jungles of Polonnaruwa in Sri Lanka.
 The film was released by Disneynature on April 17, 2015.
