John Michael Mulvaney ( ; born July 21, 1967) is an American politician in the Republican Party and Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB).
 He was nominated as OMB Director by incoming President Donald Trump in December 2016 and confirmed by Senate vote (51–49) on .
 Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 2010, he was the first Republican since 1883 to represent South Carolina 's 5 congressional district where he served until his confirmation as OMB Director in 2017.
 Mulvaney served in the South Carolina General Assembly from 2007–2011, first in the State House of Representatives and then the State Senate.
Carroll Place, also known as Old Carroll Place, is a historic plantation house located near St. George, Dorchester County, South Carolina.
 Research completed circa 2012 at the South Carolina Archives in Columbia S.C. shows the house was built circa 1780, and is a plain two-story, Georgian I-house dwelling.
 It is sheathed in clapboard single house and rests upon low brick pillars.
 It has a hip roofed verandah supported by six wooden posts.
 Its builder was likely Thomas Ferguson or David Campbell.
 In 2008 the house was donated to the Dorchester County Historical Society by current owners Fitzhugh Lee Sweatman Jr and his wife, Martha Westbury-Sweatman.
 The Dorchester County Historical Society under took an extensive restoration of the Colonial Era Plantation House and when completed, re-designated the house as the Koger-Murray-Carroll house for three of its previous owners who served in the South Carolina General Assembly: Joseph Koger (married the daughter of David Campbell and inherited the house on her death), Soule Murray (purchased the house and land from Joseph Koger), and James Parsons Carroll (purchased the property circa 1850).
 James Parsons Carroll also served in the South Carolina Court of Equity as a Chancellor and was a signer of the South Carolina Ordinance of Secession.
 Circa 1974 the house was added to the National Historical Register of Places as the "Old Carroll Place" for which it had become known.
 The last owner/occupants of the house were the late Fitzhugh Lee Sweatman Sr and his wife Eulalie Knight-Sweatman.
 Circa 1970 Mr and Mrs. Sweatman Sr built a smaller one story house off to the side of the Plantation House.
 Mr. Sweatman Sr died on the property in 1975.
The South Carolina Canal and Rail Road Company was chartered under act of the South Carolina General Assembly of December 19, 1827.
 The company operated its first 6 mi line west from Charleston, South Carolina in 1830.
 The railroad ran scheduled steam service over its 136 mi line from Charleston, South Carolina, to Hamburg, South Carolina, beginning in 1833.
 Some sources referred to the railroad informally as the "Charleston and Hamburg Railroad", a reference to its end points, but that was never its legal name.
 In 1839, The Louisville, Cincinnati and Charleston Railroad Company, which had built no track of its own, gained stock control of The South Carolina Canal and Rail Road Company, which continued to operate under that name.
 In 1844, The South Carolina Canal and Rail Road Company merged with The Louisville, Cincinnati and Charleston Railroad Company.
 The merged company changed its name to South Carolina Railroad Company under an act of the South Carolina legislature dated December 19, 1843.
The South Carolina General Assembly, also called the South Carolina Legislature, is the state legislature of the U.S. state of South Carolina.
 The legislature is bicameral and consists of the lower South Carolina House of Representatives and the upper South Carolina Senate.
 Altogether, the General Assembly consists of 170 members.
 The legislature convenes at the State House in Columbia.
UNC Health Care is a not-for-profit medical system owned by the State of North Carolina and based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 It provides services throughout the Research Triangle and North Carolina.
 UNC Health Care was created in 1998, when the North Carolina General Assembly passed legislation that established the UNC Health Care System, bringing under one entity UNC Hospitals and the clinical programs of the UNC School of Medicine.
 The first hospital in what later became known as UNC Hospitals and the UNC Health Care System was North Carolina Memorial Hospital, which opened on Sept. 2, 1952.
 Then in 1989, the North Carolina General Assembly created the University of North Carolina Hospitals entity as a unifying organization to govern constituent hospitals.
Francis “Frank” Osborne (1853-1920) was the Attorney General of North Carolina from 1893-1896.
 Osborne was born in Charlotte, North Carolina and attended the University of Virginia before reading law for 2 years in the offices of Richmond Mumford Pearson, Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.
 Osborne was admitted to the North Carolina Bar in 1875.
 At age 25, he was elected mayor of the city of Charlotte.
 He was elected Attorney General of North Carolina in 1893, but, defeated for reelection to the same office in 1896.
 Osborne served a term as a State Senator from Mecklenburg County, North Carolina in the North Carolina General Assembly from 1898-1899.
 He served on 9 standing Senate Committees.
 After 1899, Osborne resumed his legal practice at the law firm of Osborne, Maxwell & Kearn.
 Though, himself, a Democrat, in 1901 Osborne defended both North Carolina Supreme Court Chief Justice David M. Furches and North Carolina Supreme Court Associate Justice Robert Martin Douglas during their impeachment hearings.
 Osborne was of the opinion that the Republican judges’ impeachments were unwarranted and an attempted political purge.
 Osborne’s brilliant speech before the North Carolina General Assembly in closing defense of the justices caused both to be acquitted.
 As reward for his successful defense of the justices, Theodore Roosevelt upon assuming office as President of the United States appointed Osborne a United States District Judge.
The North Carolina General Assembly 2011–2012 session was the state legislature that first convened in January 2011 and concluded in December 2012.
 Members of the North Carolina Senate and the North Carolina House of Representatives were elected in November 2010.
 This was the first North Carolina General Assembly with a Republican majority in both chambers since 1870.
Francis "Frank" Irwin Osborne (1853–1920) was the Attorney General of North Carolina from 1893 to 1896.
 Osborne was born in Charlotte, North Carolina and attended the University of Virginia before reading law for 2 years in the offices of Richmond Mumford Pearson, Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.
 Osborne was admitted to the North Carolina Bar in 1875.
 At age 25, he was elected mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina and served in the office from 1879-1880.
 He was elected Attorney General of North Carolina in 1893, but, defeated for reelection to the same office in 1896.
 Osborne served a term as a state senator from Mecklenburg County, North Carolina in the North Carolina General Assembly from 1898-1899.
 He served on 9 standing Senate Committees.
 After 1899, Osborne resumed his legal practice at the law firm of Osborne, Maxwell & Kearn.
 Though, himself, a Democrat, in 1901 Osborne defended both North Carolina Supreme Court Chief Justice David M. Furches and North Carolina Supreme Court Associate Justice Robert Martin Douglas during their impeachment hearings.
 Osborne was of the opinion that the Republican judges’ impeachments were unwarranted and an attempted political purge.
 Osborne’s brilliant speech before the North Carolina General Assembly in closing defense of the justices caused both to be acquitted.
 As reward for his successful defense of the justices, Theodore Roosevelt in the same year appointed Osborne an associate justice of the United States Court of Private Land Claims.
John McKee Spratt Jr. (born November 1, 1942) is an American politician who was the U.S. Representative for South Carolina 's 5 congressional district from 1983 to 2011.
 He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 Spratt was the dean of the South Carolina congressional delegation, chairman of the U.S. House Committee on the Budget, and the second ranking Democrat on the U.S. House Committee on Armed Services, where he served on three subcommittees: Oversight and Investigations, Strategic Forces, and Air and Land Forces.
 In addition to his committee work, he co-chaired the Textile Caucus, the Bearing Caucus, and the Nuclear Energy Caucus.
 The 5th Congressional District covers all or part of 14 counties in north-central South Carolina.
 The largest cities are Rock Hill and Sumter.
 On November 2, 2010, he lost to Republican challenger Mick Mulvaney.
Henry McKinley "Mickey" Michaux Jr. (born September 4, 1930) is a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's thirty-first House district since 1983.
 He previously served from 1973 through 1977.
 His district includes constituents in Durham County.
 s of 2014 , Michaux is the longest-serving member of the North Carolina General Assembly.
 In the 2007-2008 session, Michaux served as senior chairman of the House Appropriations Committee and chairman of the House Select Committee on Street Gang Prevention.
