The Loehle SPAD XIII is a family of American single-seat, biplane, conventional landing gear, single engine, ultralight aircraft produced in kit form by Loehle Aircraft for amateur construction.
 The aircraft meets the requirements of the US FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles regulations when equipped with a lightweight engine.
The Ayres Thrush, formerly the Snow S-2, Aero Commander Ag Commander, and Rockwell Thrush Commander, is an American agricultural aircraft produced by Ayres Corporation and more recently by Thrush Aircraft.
 It is one of the most successful and long-lived agricultural application aircraft types in the world, with almost 2,000 sold since the first example flew 61 years ago.
 Typical of agricultural aircraft, it is a single-seat monoplane of conventional taildragger configuration.
 Originally powered by a radial piston engine, most examples produced since the 1980s have been turboprop-powered.
The AMD Patriot is a light sport aircraft produced by Aircraft Manufacturing and Design Co.
 In 2007 AMD announced that they intended to produce a high wing all metal tricycle gear aircraft with a Continental O-200 engine to compete with the Cessna Skycatcher.
The Lavochkin La-9 (NATO reporting name Fritz) was a Soviet fighter aircraft produced shortly after World War II.
 It was a piston engined aircraft produced at the start of the jet age.
The Sukhoi S-54 is a series of three closely related aircraft proposals; the S-54 trainer aircraft, S-55 light fighter designed for export, and the S-56 carrier-capable light fighter.
 All members of the family resemble the Sukhoi Su-27 in general form, or the Sukhoi Su-33 more closely, but built around a single example of the Saturn AL-31 engine instead of two, and scaled down accordingly to a smaller layout.
 The design was offered to several potential customers, including South Africa and India, but was turned down.
 Development is apparently on hold, awaiting a launch customer.
The Saturn AL-31 is a family of military turbofan engines.
 It was developed by Lyulka, now NPO Saturn, of Soviet Union, originally for the Sukhoi Su-27 air superiority fighter.
 It produces a thrust of 123 kN (27,600 lb) with afterburning in the AL-31F, 137 kN (30,800 lb) in the AL-31FM (AL-35F) and 145 kN (32,000 lb) in the AL-37FU variants.
 Currently it powers all Su-27 derivatives and the Chengdu J-10 multirole jet fighter which has been developed by China.
The Hawker Hunter is a transonic British jet-powered fighter aircraft that was developed by Hawker Aircraft for the Royal Air Force (RAF) during the late 1940s and early 1950s.
 It was designed to take advantage of the newly developed Rolls-Royce Avon turbojet engine and the swept wing, and was the first jet-powered aircraft produced by Hawker to be procured by the RAF.
 On 7 September 1953, the modified first prototype broke the world air speed record for aircraft, achieving a speed of 727.63 mph .
The Piper PA-32R is a six-seat, high-performance, single engine, all-metal fixed-wing aircraft produced by Piper Aircraft of Vero Beach, Florida.
 The design began life as the "Piper Lance", a retractable gear version of the Piper Cherokee Six.
 Later models became known by the designation "Piper Saratoga".
 The primary difference between the Lance and early Saratoga is the development of a tapered wing on the Saratoga, replacing the "Hershey Bar" wing on the Lance that was a carryover from the Cherokee Six.
 Later Saratoga models provided updated/improved avionics, engine and interior touches but retained the same airframe design.
The Levasseur PL.8 was a single engine, two-seat long-distance record-breaking biplane aircraft modified from an existing Levasseur PL.4 carrier-based reconnaissance aircraft produced in France in the 1920s.
 Levasseur built the aircraft in 1927, specifically for pilots Charles Nungesser and François Coli for a transatlantic attempt to win the Orteig Prize.
 Only two examples of the type were built, with the first PL.8-01 named "L'Oiseau Blanc" (The White Bird), that gained fame as Nungesser and Coli's aircraft.
The Gotha G.VII.
 a.k.a.GL.VII, was a bomber aircraft produced in Germany during the final months of World War I.
 With the strategic bombing campaign effectively over, it was intended to be a high-speed tactical bomber with a secondary reconnaissance capability.
 It was a conventional two-bay biplane design with tractor-mounted engines, and a conventional empennage with twin fins and rudders.
 The bombardier's position in the nose of the aircraft that had featured on earlier Gotha designs was removed, and the nose of the aircraft severely truncated and fitted with a streamlined nose-cone.
 This allowed the engines to be located further inboard than on previous designs, bringing them closer to the aircraft's centreline and therefore minimising the effects of asymmetric thrust in the event of an engine failure.
 The engine nacelles also featured careful streamlining.
