Figaro is a fictional character who first appeared in Disney's "Pinocchio".
Sylvester J. Pussycat Sr., usually called Sylvester, is a fictional character, a three-time Academy Award-winning anthropomorphic, 40, 50, or 60-Inch tall Tuxedo cat in the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" series of cartoons.
 Most of his appearances have him often chasing Tweety Bird, Speedy Gonzales, or Hippety Hopper.
 The name "Sylvester" is a play on "Felis silvestris", the scientific name for the wild cat species (domestic cats like Sylvester, though, are actually "Felis catus").
 The character debuted in Friz Freleng's "Life With Feathers" (1945), but Freleng's 1947 cartoon "Tweetie Pie" was the first pairing of Tweety with Sylvester, and the Bob Clampett-directed "Kitty Kornered" (1946) was Sylvester's first pairing with Porky Pig.
 Sylvester was not named until Chuck Jones gave him the name Sylvester, which was first used in Scaredy Cat.
 Sylvester appeared in 103 cartoons in the golden age, appearing in the fourth most films out of all the Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies characters, only behind Bugs Bunny, Porky Pig, and Daffy Duck respectively.
 Three of his cartoons won Academy Awards, the most for any starring Looney Tunes character: they are "Tweetie Pie", "Speedy Gonzales", and "Birds Anonymous".
Jiminy Cricket is the Walt Disney version of The Talking Cricket (Italian: "Il Grillo Parlante" ), a fictional character created by Carlo Collodi for his children's book "The Adventures of Pinocchio", which Disney adapted into the animated film "Pinocchio" in 1940.
 Originally an unnamed, minor character in Collodi's novel, he was transformed in the Disney version into a comical and wise partner who accompanies Pinocchio on his adventures, having been appointed by the Blue Fairy (known in the book as The Fairy with Turquoise Hair) to serve as Pinocchio's official conscience.
 His design is different from real crickets, which are black or dark brown, with very long antennae.
 Since his debut in "Pinocchio", he has become a recurring iconic Disney character and has made numerous other appearances.
Donald Duck is a cartoon character created in 1934 at Walt Disney Productions.
 Donald is an anthropomorphic white duck with a yellow-orange bill, legs, and feet.
 He typically wears a sailor shirt and cap with a bow tie.
 Donald is most famous for his semi-intelligible speech and his mischievous and temperamental personality.
 Along with his friend Mickey Mouse, Donald is one of the most popular Disney characters and was included in TV Guide's list of the 50 greatest cartoon characters of all time in 2002.
 He has appeared in more films than any other Disney character, and is the most published comic book character in the world outside of the superhero genre.
José Cuauhtémoc Meléndez (November 15, 1916 – September 2, 2008), known as Bill Melendez, was a Mexican American character animator, film director, voice artist and producer, known for his cartoons for Walt Disney Productions (working on four Disney films "Pinocchio", "Fantasia", "Dumbo" and "Bambi"), Warner Bros.
 Cartoons, UPA and the "Peanuts" series.
 Melendez provided the voices of Snoopy and Woodstock in the latter as well.
Donald's Quack Attack is an American television series which ran on The Disney Channel and was later rerun on Toon Disney.
 It premiered on November 2, 1992, along with "Mickey's Mouse Tracks", on The Disney Channel.
 It featured Disney animated short films, especially those with Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, and Goofy.
 Each episode lasted about 22–28 minutes, leaving some time for commercials.
.
 A similar Mickey Mouse version was called "Mickey's Mouse Tracks", however, unlike "Mouse Tracks", "Quack Attack" was run with a manic energy.
 In between the cartoon shorts, a screen would appear with a random background color (pink, blue, green, etc.) With a clip in the corner from a random Donald Duck cartoon.
 There was a thermometer with Donald's head on the bottom.
 When the clip showed Donald getting angry, the head on the thermometer would go up and make a dinging sound.
 This was called the "Quack Attack Meter."
 This 10-25 second clip would appear 2 to 4 times per show, depending on how long the shorts were.
 The credits for the show did not name anyone.
 Instead, it stated, "The cartoons in this program are the work of the animators from THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY over the past 60 years."
 When the show premiered in 1992, it was meant to replace "Donald Duck Presents".
 It was not possible to know what episode was going to be shown on any given day, but the show did feature showings of some shorts that do not show up on "The Ink and Paint Club" along with some shorts made by the "Fleischer" brothers, and clips from the animated features, such as "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Pinocchio", "Peter Pan", and "Lady and the Tramp".
 "Donald's Quack Attack" aired on The Disney Channel from 1992 to 2000, and on Toon Disney from 1998 to December 2002.
 From April 2001 to December 2002, "Quack Attack" usually aired weekdays at 5 a.m., and every night at midnight.
 When "Quack Attack" aired on Toon Disney, there were short commercial breaks in between each cartoon, unlike the airings on The Disney Channel.
 On some episodes, the first cartoon was cut from the episode to make room for commercial breaks.
TaleSpin is an American animated television series based in the fictional city of Cape Suzette, that first aired in 1990 as a preview on The Disney Channel and later that year as part of "The Disney Afternoon", with characters adapted from Disney's 1967 animated feature "The Jungle Book", which was theatrically rereleased in the summer before this show premiered in the fall.
 The name of the show is a play on "tailspin", the rapid descent of an aircraft in a steep spiral.
 The two words in the show's name, "tale" and "spin", are a way to describe telling a story.
 The show is one of the nine "Disney Afternoon" shows to use established Disney characters as the main characters, with the others being "Darkwing Duck", "DuckTales", "Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers", "Goof Troop", "Bonkers", "Quack Pack", "Aladdin" and "Timon & Pumbaa".
Mickey's Mouse Tracks is an American animated television series on The Disney Channel which ran from 1992 to 1995, and featured Disney cartoons and animated short films, dating from before the advent of The Disney Channel.
 A similar show was "Donald's Quack Attack".
 The show premiered on November 2, 1992, along with "Donald's Quack Attack", on The Disney Channel.
 The show was made to replace "Good Morning, Mickey!
".
 A show identical to this show called "Mickey Mouse and Friends" premiered in 1994.
 It was not possible to know what episode was going to be shown on any given day, but the show "did" feature showings of some shorts that do not show up on "The Ink and Paint Club" along with some shorts made by the "Fleischer" brothers, and clips from the animated features, such as "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Pinocchio", "Dumbo", "Cinderella", and "Alice in Wonderland".
 In 1996, the show was replaced by "Mickey Mouse Works", later given a plot as "House of Mouse".
 In between each cartoon, a short segment featured a small clip of a Mickey Mouse cartoon, accompanied by the "Mouse Tracks" logo.
 In addition to airing on The Disney Channel from 1992 to 1996, the show also ran on Toon Disney from 1998 to 1999.
The Mouse Factory is an American syndicated television series produced by Walt Disney Productions and created by Ward Kimball, that ran from 1972 to 1973.
 It showed clips from various Disney cartoons and movies, hosted by celebrity guests (credited as being "Mickey's Friend"), including Johnny Brown, Charles Nelson Reilly, JoAnne Worley and many more, visiting the Disney studio (or "The Mouse Factory") and interacting with the walk-around Disney characters from the Disney theme parks.
 It was later re-run on the Disney Channel in the 1980s and 1990s.
Humphrey the Bear is a cartoon character created by the Walt Disney studio in 1950.
 He first appeared in the Goofy cartoon "Hold That Pose", in which Goofy tried to take his picture.
 After that he appeared in four classic Donald Duck cartoons: "Rugged Bear", "Grin and Bear It", "Bearly Asleep", and "Beezy Bear".
 Disney gave him his own series in 1955, but only two films resulted ("Hooked Bear" and "In the Bag") before Disney discontinued making theatrical short subjects.
 When the shorts division closed, Humphrey was the last of only seven Disney characters who had been given a series of their own, starring in cartoons who opened with their own logo (the six others were Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Pluto, Chip 'n' Dale (counting as one), and Figaro).
