Selda and Derek are an American songwriting duo, consisting of Selda Sahin (lyrics) and Derek Gregor (music), best known as the songwriters of the musical film Grind, starring Anthony Rapp, Claire Coffee and Pasha Pellosie.
 They are co-writing Eric Michael Krop's pop album "Greater Things", to be released in 2016.
Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, known together as Pasek and Paul, are an American songwriting duo and composing team for musical theater, films, and television.
 Their works include "", "Dogfight", "Edges", "Dear Evan Hansen", and "James and the Giant Peach".
 Their original songs have been featured on NBC's "Smash", and in the film "La La Land", for which they won both the Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Original Song for the song "City of Stars".
Raymond Bernard Evans (February 4, 1915 – February 15, 2007) was an American songwriter.
 He was a partner in a composing and songwriting duo with Jay Livingston, known for the songs they composed for films. Evans wrote the lyrics and Livingston the music for the songs.
Pastafazoola (also known as Pastafazula) is a 1927 novelty song written by the early 20th-century American songwriting duo of Van and Schenck.
 Borrowing heavily from the Italian standard "Funiculì, Funiculà", the song tells of the masterful feats of world-leading individuals who ate the traditional Italian dish, "pasta fagioli", which is simple "peasant fare" of pasta and navy beans. Among the individuals mentioned in the song are Babe Ruth, who had hit a record 60 home runs during the 1927 season, singer John McCormack, John D. Rockefeller, Jack Dempsey, Charles Lindbergh, Christopher Columbus and Benito Mussolini.
Marian Hill is an American songwriting duo from Philadelphia consisting of production artist Jeremy Lloyd and vocalist Samantha Gongol.
 Their name comes from two characters, Marian Paroo and Harold Hill, from the musical "The Music Man".
"Poison Ivy" is a popular song by American songwriting duo Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller.
 It was originally recorded by The Coasters in 1959.
 It went to #1 on the R&B chart, #7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, and #15 in the UK.
 This was their third top-ten hit of that year following "Charlie Brown" and "Along Came Jones".
Livingston and Evans were the songwriting and composing team of Jay Livingston (1915-2001) and Ray Evans (1915-2007), who worked on movies, television and stage.
Charles Gilbert, Jr. is a writer, composer, director and educator who specializes in musical theater.
 Currently a Professor of Theater Arts in the Ira Brind School of Theater Arts at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia, Gilbert served as Director of the Brind School from 2008 to 2013 after heading its Musical Theater Program for nearly twenty years.
 He developed the SAVI System of Singing-Acting and has taught students using this pedagogy in workshops and residencies in the United Kingdom, Sweden, Denmark and Germany.
 Among his works for the musical stage is the 1979 musical "Assassins".
, source of the idea for Stephen Sondheim's Tony Award-winning musical of the same name.
Carner and Gregor are an American musical theatre songwriting duo consisting of Sam Carner and Derek Gregor.
 They are the recipients of a 2004 Richard Rodgers Award for Musical Theater from the American Academy of Arts and Letters for their musical "Unlock'd".
 The team has collaborated since 2002, with Carner working as the lyricist and Gregor as the composer.
 They reside and work in New York City.
The Sherman Brothers were an American songwriting duo that specialized in musical films, made up of Robert B. Sherman (December 19, 1925 – March 6, 2012) and Richard M. Sherman (born June 12, 1928).
