Emile Czaja (July 15, 1909 – 16 May 1970), better known by his ring name King Kong, was an Australian-Indian professional wrestler and actor born in Hungary in 1909.
 He was active from 1929 until 1970.
 He was a simple friendly character.
 His very presence filled any hall or stadium.
 For he was the favorite of Far East from 1937 till his death in 1970.
 He wrestled mostly in Japan, Singapore, Europe, New Zealand, and Australia.
 In professional wrestling his arch rivals were Aslam Pahalwan,Hamida Pahalwan, Sheik Ali and Dara Singh.
Shermaine Santiago (born February 15, 1980 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipina actress, TV show host, and singer.
 She appeared in a lot of hit TV shows from GMA Network such as "Best Friends", "Beh Bote Nga", "Te Amo, Maging Sino Ka Man", "Mulawin", "Impostora", "MariMar", "", "Anna KareNina" and "Carmela".
 She was also a co-host in the longest-running late-night variety TV show in the Philippines, "Walang Tulugan with the Master Showman" in which she showcase her talent in singing and hosting.
 Along with German Moreno and John Nite, she was one of the longest-serving hosts of the show.
 Santiago is also currently appearing in the hit TV show, "Mulawin vs. Ravena".
Ali Asgar is an Indian actor and stand-up comedian.He has appeared in many Indian TV serials and movies and was helped by macline castelino to grow in the industry.
 He is currently doing a role of pushpa Nani in "The Kapil Sharma Show."
 Asgar appeared as Kamal Agarwal in Star Plus TV show "Kahaani Ghar Ghar Ki".
 He also appeared in SAB TV's show F.I.R. as Inspector Raj Aryan.
 He is commonly known for his role in Colors TV show "Comedy Nights with Kapil" as Dadi.
Gary Keith Hogeboom (born August 21, 1958) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys, Indianapolis Colts and the Phoenix Cardinals.
 He played college football at Central Michigan University.
 He was a contestant on the CBS reality TV show "".
Chris Distefano (born August 26, 1984) is an American comedian.
 He stars in MTV and MTV2's TV shows "Guy Code" and "Girl Code".
 He also co-hosts the MSG TV show "The Bracket".
Saurav Gurjar is an Indian professional wrestler, Sportsperson and actor.
 He is best known for his role as Bheem in the mythological TV show "Mahabharat".
 Recently he has appeared in tv Show Sankatmochan Mahabali Hanuman As a Ravana& Vali (Ramayana) aired on Sony tv.
 after Ramayan, after Mahabharat (2013 TV series) he acted/Anchor in Indonesia tv channel one of the popular tv show The New Eat Bulaga!
 Indonesia
Pāvels Gumennikovs (born January 1, 1986) is a Latvian film director, actor, writer, and producer.
 He started his film career in China, where he directed his first film "Kaleidoscope" (2010) that won him a best young director and best film award in Chinese Young Film director Festival.
 After that he directed a movie "I love You Riga" that become 3rd highest grossing in a country and was one of the 2 films considered to be nomination for Oscar.
 It was the runner out at the end for Oscar nomination (2011) that become one of the most successful movies in Latvia and were screened in cinemas around the country and participated in European Film Festivals, after that he directed a critique very well received TV show "Yes Boss" (2012), that was proclaimed as best made show in Latvia for great acting and directing.
 It was a revolutionary TV Show for Latvia, as it was first TV Show shoot in outside locations with scale of Hollywood TV Show production.
 The TV Show was shown on Muz-TV channel and TV5 and was seen by 300,000 people online.
Ashish Sharma is an Indian film and television actor.
 He is recognized for his roles as Lord Ram in the TV show "Siya Ke Ram" , as Major Rudra Pratap Ranawat in the TV show "Rangrasiya" and as "Chandragupta Maurya" in "Chandragupta Maurya TV Show" on NDTV-Imagine TV.
Saurabh Pandey(born 11 May 1988) is an Indian Television and Bollywood actor.
 His debut TV show as lead was Siddharth Basu's first Fiction TV show Jiya Jale for 9X TV in (2007).
 He later played the role of Shaurya in his second TV show titled "Shaurya aur Suhani" for Star Plus channel.
 He also played the role of protagonist in shows like Tere Mere Sapne, Ganga Kii Dheej and Razia Sultan.
George D. "Pete" Morrison (August 8, 1890 – February 5, 1973) was an American silent western film actor born in Westminster, Colorado.
 During his childhood he lived in Morrison, Colorado (named for his grandfather George Morrison) and Idaho Springs, and got his early tastes of horsemanship riding with his father Thomas during the summer.
 They drove cattle and sheep from the summer ranges in Middle Park and Fall River in Colorado to supply beef and mutton to the mining camps of Georgetown, Idaho Springs, Nevadaville, Black Hawk and Central City.
 During his mid-teens Pete worked in the mining industry, with his older brothers driving in sections of the Argo Tunnel where Pete was a motorman, hoist operator, topside helper, teamster hauler, assisting several of the larger miners in the Idaho Springs area.
 In the summer of 1910 Pete Morrison was an engine fireman for the Colorado and Southern Railway when he was lured away by the early western movies.
 Pete began working as a stunt man for the Essanay Studios of "Broncho Billy" films, soon discovering he could make more money working in movies in 2 weeks than he could make working for a month on the railroad.
 Pete followed his older brother Chick Morrison to California, where he also became a star in early western pictures.
 Through his career, Morrison transcended from very early film in 1909 to sound in 1935 starring in some 132 pictures.
