The Curse of Downers Grove is an American thriller film written by Bret Easton Ellis.
 The film is based on the 1999 novel "Downers Grove" by Michael Hornburg, the film stars Kevin Zegers, Bella Heathcote, Penelope Mitchell, Lucas Till, Zane Holtz, Helen Slater, and Tom Arnold.
 The film received a limited theatrical release on August 21, 2015 and a subsequent DVD/Blu-Ray release on September 1, 2015.
Camden College is a fictional liberal arts college, which appears in the works of Bret Easton Ellis, Jill Eisenstadt, and Jonathan Lethem.
 Whereas Ellis' Camden College is located in New Hampshire, Lethem's Camden is in Vermont, and is notable for being the most expensive college in America.
 All three of the writers attended Bennington College, which is really located in Vermont, and was at one time notorious for being the most expensive college in America.
 Bennington graduate Donna Tartt uses the same Bennington-inspired backdrop for her 1992 novel "The Secret History", but for her it is "Hampden" College.
 However, Eisenstadt and Lethem uses 'Camden' in "From Rockaway" (1987) and "The Fortress of Solitude" (2003), respectively.
Girl with Curious Hair is a collection of short stories by American writer David Foster Wallace, first published in 1989.
 Though the stories are not related, several reflect Wallace's concern with contemporary trends in fiction, including metafiction and the irony of postmodernism; and the cynical, amoral realism of "Brat Pack" writers such as Bret Easton Ellis.
 Others address society's fascination with celebrity, some with characters based on real people, including Alex Trebek, David Letterman and Lyndon Johnson.
 A novella, "Westward the Course of Empire Takes Its Way", closes the book, as an extended response to John Barth's metafictional short story "Lost in the Funhouse".
Imperial Bedrooms is a novel by American author Bret Easton Ellis.
 Released on June 15, 2010, it is the sequel to "Less Than Zero", Ellis' 1985 bestselling literary debut, which was shortly followed by a film adaptation in 1987.
 "Imperial Bedrooms" revisits "Less Than Zero"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s self-destructive and disillusioned youths as they approach middle-age in the present day.
 Like Ellis' earlier novel, which took its name from Elvis Costello's 1977 song of the same name, "Imperial Bedrooms" is named after Costello's 1982 album.
Lunar Park is a mock memoir by American writer Bret Easton Ellis.
 It was released by Knopf in 2005.
 It was the first book written by Ellis to use past tense narrative.
 The title bears no relation to the public amusement locations known as Luna Park.
Bret Easton Ellis (born March 7, 1964) is an American author, screenwriter, and short story writer.
 His works have been translated into 27 languages.
 He was at first regarded as one of the so-called literary Brat Pack, which also included Tama Janowitz and Jay McInerney.
 He is a self-proclaimed satirist, whose trademark technique, as a writer, is the expression of extreme acts and opinions in an affectless style.
 Ellis employs a technique of linking novels with common, recurring characters.
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character, the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel "American Psycho" by Bret Easton Ellis, and its film adaptation.
 He is a wealthy, materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer.
 Bateman has also briefly appeared in other Ellis novels.
The Informers is a 2008 American ensemble Hollywood drama film written by Bret Easton Ellis and Nicholas Jarecki and directed by Gregor Jordan.
 The film is based on Ellis' 1994 collection of short stories of the same name.
 The film, which is set amidst the decadence of the early 1980s, depicts an assortment of socially alienated, mainly well-off characters who numb their sense of emptiness with casual sex, alcohol, and drugs.
 Filming took place in Los Angeles, Uruguay, and Buenos Aires in 2007.
PodcastOne is an advertiser-supported podcast network, founded by Norm Pattiz, also founder of radio-giant Westwood One.
 As of 2016 PodcastOne hosted in excess of 200 podcasts, including podcasts from a variety of notable people such as Adam Carolla, Shaquille O'Neal, Stone Cold Steve Austin, Heather Dubrow, Larry King, Jordan Harbinger, PFT Commenter, Vince Russo, and Bret Easton Ellis.
The Informers is a collection of short stories, seemingly linked by the same continuity, authored by American author Bret Easton Ellis.
 It was first published as a whole in 1994.
 Chapters 6 and 7, "Water from the Sun" and "Discovering Japan", were published separately in the UK by Picador in 2007.
 It displays attributes similar to Ellis' novels "Less Than Zero", "The Rules of Attraction," and, to a lesser extent, "American Psycho" .
 Like many of Ellis' novels, the stories here are set predominantly in California.
