Loverboy is a Canadian rock band formed in 1979 in Calgary, Alberta.
 Loverboy's hit singles, particularly "Turn Me Loose" and "Working for the Weekend", have become arena rock staples and are still heard on many classic rock and classic hits radio stations across Canada.
 The band is based in Vancouver.
Dead Jesus was a Canadian melodic death metal band formed in 1998 in Edmonton.
 The band became notorious for its live performances which often involved blood and viscera being hurled into the audience.
 Dead Jesus derived its name from the core belief that all organized religions are detrimental to human progress, and should be laid to rest.
 The band played their final show on Easter Sunday in 2011 in Coaldale, Alberta.
The Smalls are a Canadian hard rock/metal band formed in 1989 in Edmonton.
 They were influenced by jazz, hardcore punk, speed metal and country music.
 They were one of the most prominent Alberta bands in the second wave of performers that came out of the Canadian west coast DIY scene that was first ushered into Alberta by the iconic hardcore punk band SNFU in the mid-1980s.
Beija Flor is an indie rock band formed in 2003 from Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
 The band is made up of Stephen van Kampen (vocals, guitar), Paul van Kampen (vocals, piano), Dan Wilson (vocals, drums), Brett Gunther (vocals, guitar), Henry Hsieh (vocals, bass), and Hoyee Wong (vocals, violin).
 The band is also known for their self-orchestrated light show, consisting of a case of colored and strobe lights that are controlled by Stephen through a circuit of foot switches.
 "Beija-flor" means "hummingbird" in Portuguese.
Chixdiggit is a Canadian pop punk band formed in Calgary, Alberta.
 The band performed internationally, and released a number of studio albums, mainly with light-hearted pop songs, usually about girls and relationships.
 Their band name is a play on "Chicks dig it".
Jane Vain and the Dark Matter is an indie rock band formed in 2005 from Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
 The band is fronted by Calgary native Jamie Fooks, and signed to Edmonton’s Rectangle Records.
 They describe their sound as indie electro-pop.
 The "Montreal Mirror" called their music “melancholy" and "macabre,” and Fooks has been compared to Emily Haines, Cat Power, and Fiona Apple.
 They released their first full-length album, "Love Is Where the Smoke Is", in January 2008.
The Famines are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2008 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada now based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
 The two piece band uses a modern and minimalistic approach that draws comparison to mid 1970's protopunk and fuzzy garage rock.
The band name is meant to be a commentary on the continued feeling of emptiness and lacking in a society that is materially fulfilled.
 The band has two members, R. E. Biesinger on guitar and vocals, and Drew Demers on the drums.
The Grassroot Deviation is an Edmonton-based four-piece musical group that plays a mixture of roots, rock and funk.
 The band formed in 2002 and consists of guitarists/vocalists Brian Parker and Dan Smith, bassist/fiddler Mike Barer and drummer Vinay Jhass.
 The band has played more than 100 shows across Canada and released two studio albums, "The Grassroot Deviation" and "The Circuit".
 All the band members have either graduated or currently attend the University of Alberta.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.
 The band is composed of guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger, guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair.
 The band went through a few drummer changes between 1995 and 2005, achieving its current lineup when Adair replaced drummer Ryan Vikedal.
Wool on Wolves is a Canadian folk-rock band based in Edmonton, Alberta.
 The band formed in October 2008 while attending the University of Alberta.
