Vasquez v. Hillery, 474 U.S. 254 (1986) is a United States Supreme Court case.
 An African-American man named Booker T. Hillery was convicted for murder by a California grand jury in 1962.
 Hillery was accused of stabbing fifteen-year-old girl named Marlene Miller with scissors in the small town of Hanford.
 Miller was said to be sewing a dress alone in the house and did not notice an intruder sneaking into the household.
 The perpetrator fought with the young woman and hogtied her and stabbed her chest.
 Deputies came on to the crime scene; with evidence and a witness, all fingers pointed to Booker T. Hillery, who was on parole for rape at the time.
 Hillery pleaded he was innocent, but he was indicted by a California grand jury and subsequently convicted.
 However, members of his own race were systematically excluded from the indicting grand jury, suggesting that the defendant was singled out for murder due to his criminal past and race.
 This caused Booker T. Hillery to seek petitions for a retrial.
Game of Pawns is a television game show based in Branson, Missouri about the goings on in a local pawn shop.
 The show stars; Justin Tranchita , Scott Velvet and Brian Roman.
 The plot of the show is a mix of a game show and reality television series as Scott and Brian buy unusual items at Branson Pawn using a trivia game to give patrons the chance to win more for their item all while Justin gets into trouble and goofs off making the days at Branson Pawn move along with a little more excitement.
 Dealing in everything from celebrity cars to antique guns, they never know just what – or who – will walk through the door next.
 At Branson Pawn, every day’s a gamble.
 Scott and Brian give each customer three questions.
 If they get two of the three right, the customer gets their price.
 If not, the house wins and Brian and Scott get their price.
 This show runs on the Discovery Channel globally as re-runs and had its debut in 2013 with eight original episodes.
The Chinese Parrot (1926) is the second novel in the Charlie Chan series of mystery novels by Earl Derr Biggers.
 It is the first in which Chan travels from Hawaii to mainland California, and involves a crime whose exposure is hastened by the death of a parrot.
On December 31, 2016, during a new years eve party shortly before midnight, a man entered a house and opened fire at the gathering with a handgun, firing at least firing shots.
 The perpetrator, identified as "Sidney Araujo", killed 12 people before committing suicide, while wounding 3.
 The man shot dead his estranged wife before killing his 8-year-old son and 11 other relatives, lastly himself.
 Although the crime is under investigation, the motive is believed to be anger over separation with his wife.
 A recording was later found in the suspects car.
 Brazil is known for having a high rate of crime, most recently and notably the assassination of Kyriakos Amiridis.
 On the day of the shooting, many places around the world were celebrating the arrival of the year 2017, and people were worried that incidents such as this would happen, with another major shooting taking place in Turkey.
Pennsylvania was the first state to differentiate the crime of "murder" into degrees based upon the culpability of the perpetrator.
 "See", "e.g." Joshua Dressler, "Criminal Law: Cases and Materials" 231-32 (4th ed.
 2007) ("Prior to the recodification effort begun by the Model Penal Code, most American jurisdictions maintained a law of murder built around . . . common law classifications.
 The most significant departure was the division of murder into degrees, a change "initiated" by the Pennsylvania legislation of 1794.")
.
 Dressler goes onto explain that "[o]ther states followed the Pennsylvania practice until at one time the vast majority of American jurisdictions differentiated degrees of murder and the term 'first-degree murder' passed into common parlance."
Columbo is an American television series starring Peter Falk as Columbo, a homicide detective with the Los Angeles Police Department.
 The character and show, created by Richard Levinson and William Link, popularized the inverted detective story format, which begins by showing the commission of the crime and its perpetrator; the series therefore usually has no "whodunit" element.
 The plot revolves around how a perpetrator whose identity is already known to the audience will finally be caught and exposed (which the show's writers called a "howcatchem", rather than a "whodunit").
John Donald McPartland (1911–1958) was a writer specializing in pulp fiction crime whose career was ended by an early death at age 47.
 In addition to his pulp work, he is known for his more standard novel, "No Down Payment", which was later made into the movie of the same title, directed by Martin Ritt and starring Joanne Woodward and Tony Randall, among others.
Margaret Martin (1918/19 – December 1938) was a resident of Kingston, Pennsylvania, United States, who went missing on December 17, 1938, and was found dead in Wyoming County, Pennsylvania, several days later.
 Martin was a recent graduate of the Wilkes-Barre Business College.
 On December 17, 1938, she met an unknown man who claimed to be offering her a secretarial job, and was never seen alive again.
 Her body was discovered in the wilderness 25 mi away by a hunter four days later.
 Martin's death resulted in a lengthy manhunt.
 Numerous suspects were examined, but no one was ever convicted of the crime.
 As of 2017 , it remains an unsolved case and it is unlikely that the perpetrator will ever be discovered.
The California Innocence Project (CIP) is a non-profit organization at California Western School of Law in San Diego, California, United States, which provides pro bono legal services to individuals who maintain their factual innocence of crime(s) for which they have been convicted.
 CIP's mission is to exonerate wrongly convicted inmates through the use of DNA and other evidence.
 Since 2003, CIP has succeeded in exonerating 22 incarcerated individuals that have spent more than 220 years in prison.
 As a law school clinical program, CIP provides educational experience to students enrolled in its clinic.
 Working alongside CIP staff attorneys, clinic students investigate and litigate cases where there is strong evidence of innocence.
 CIP attorneys and students pursue cases by securing expert witnesses and advocating for their clients during evidentiary hearings and trials.
 CIP currently has 13 cases pending of persons who the organization believes were wrongly convicted.
 Each year, CIP reviews more than 2,000 claims of innocence from inmates convicted in Southern California.
"Only a Pawn in Their Game" is a song written by Bob Dylan about the assassination of civil rights activist Medgar Evers.
 Showing support for the African Americans during the American Civil Rights Movement.
 It was released on Dylan's "The Times They Are a-Changin'" album of 1964.
 The song suggests that Evers' killer, Byron De La Beckwith does not bear sole blame for his crime, as he was only a pawn of rich white elites who incensed poor whites against blacks so as to distract them from their position on "the caboose of the train" in order create a more 'perfect white American society'.
