George Chapman (14 December 1865 – 7 April 1903) was a Polish serial killer known as the Borough Poisoner.
 Born Seweryn Antonowicz Kłosowski in Congress Poland, he moved as an adult to England, where he committed his crimes.
 He was convicted and executed after poisoning three women, but is remembered today mostly because some police officers suspected him of being the notorious serial killer Jack the Ripper.
Black Journal was a public affairs television program that began at WNET in 1968.
 It covered issues relevant to African American communities with film crews sent to Atlanta, Detroit, New Orleans, and Los Angeles, and Ethiopia.
 The show won Emmy, Peabody and Russwurm awards.
 "Black Journal" moved to commercial television in 1977, with Tony Brown as producer and host, renamed as Tony Brown's Journal.
 It returned to public television in 1982, until 2008.
 The show was originally broadcast as once a month, one hour productions.
 Other executive producers included documentary filmmakers Madeline Anderson, William Greaves and St. Clair Bourne.
The Zodiac Killer or Zodiac was a serial killer who operated in northern California in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
 The killer's identity remains unknown.
 The Zodiac murdered victims in Benicia, Vallejo, Lake Berryessa, and San Francisco between December 1968 and October 1969.
 Four men and three women between the ages of 16 and 29 were targeted.
 The killer originated the name "Zodiac" in a series of taunting letters sent to the local Bay Area press.
 These letters included four cryptograms (or ciphers).
 Of the four cryptograms sent, only one has been definitively solved.
Mary Ann Cotton ("née " Robson; 31 October 1832 – 24 March 1873) was an English serial killer, convicted of, and hanged for, the murder by poisoning of her stepson Charles Edward Cotton.
 It is likely that she murdered three of her four husbands, apparently in order to collect on their insurance policies, and many others.
 She may have murdered as many as 21 people, including 11 of her 13 children.
 She chiefly used arsenic poisoning, causing gastric pain and rapid decline of health.
Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer is a 1986 American psychological horror crime film directed and co-written by John McNaughton about the random crime spree of a serial killer who seemingly operates with impunity.
 It stars Michael Rooker as the nomadic killer Henry, Tom Towles as Otis, a prison buddy with whom Henry is living, and Tracy Arnold as Becky, Otis's sister.
 The characters of Henry and Otis are loosely based on real life serial killers Henry Lee Lucas and Ottis Toole.
Bible John is the nickname of a serial killer who is believed to have murdered three young women after meeting them at the Barrowland Ballroom in Glasgow, Scotland, between 1968 and 1969.
 The killer has never been identified although the known movements and modus operandi of convicted Glaswegian serial killer Peter Tobin suggests that he may have been behind the killings.
 However, this has never been proven and the case remains unsolved.
Dana Sue Gray (born December 6, 1957) is an American serial killer who murdered three elderly women in 1994.
 She was caught after a fourth intended victim survived and identified her.
 Gray says she committed the murders to support her spending habits.
 She is now imprisoned in the California Women's Prison in Chowchilla.
Leonarda Cianciulli (14 November 1893 – 15 October 1970) was an Italian serial killer.
 Better known as the "Soap-Maker of Correggio" (Italian: "la Saponificatrice di Correggio"), she murdered three women in Correggio between 1939 and 1940, and turned their bodies into soap and teacakes.
My Wife is an Actress (French: Ma femme est une actrice ) is a French romantic comedy-drama film starring Yvan Attal and Charlotte Gainsbourg.
 Attal plays a journalist who becomes obsessively jealous when his actress wife gets a part in a movie with an attractive co-star.
 Attal also wrote and directed the film.
 The film stars Terence Stamp among others.
 This film is also highly biographic, as Yvan and Charlotte are a real life couple since 1991, and have three children.
 According to Yvan, the idea and a part of the plot originates from real life events.
Black Journal (originally titled Gran Bollito) is a 1977 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini.
 It is based on the real life events of Leonarda Cianciulli, the Italian serial killer best known as the "Soap-Maker of Correggio".
