John Gaulton "Johnny" Hubbard, MBE (born 16 December 1930) is a retired South African footballer who spent the majority of his career at Rangers, and latterly played for Bury and Ayr United.
 He was the first African player to compete in the European Cup, having played in October 1956 with Rangers versus Nice, and also the first African player to score a goal in said competition one month later.
Football is the most popular sport in Burkina Faso.
 And the national association can look back on recent developments with a great deal of pride.
 Reaching the semi-finals of the African Cup of Nations on home soil in 1998, qualifying for the FIFA World Youth Championship in the UAE in 2003, and appearances at two final competitions of the CAF U-17 Cup, as well as third place at the FIFA U-17 World Championship in Trinidad & Tobago in 2001 are Burkina Fasos outstanding achievements at international level.
 The nations most famous players include Kassoum Ouegraogo, nicknamed Zico, who had his most successful seasons with Espérance de Tunis before ending his career in Germany, Siaka Ouattara, who spent his entire career with Mulhouse in France, and Moumouni Dagano, who was voted best African player in Belgium in 2001, when he played for the Belgian side Genk.
 He later went on to play for the French side Guingamp before transferring to another French team, FC Sochaux in 2005.
Ergotelis Football Academy is the football academy system of Greek professional football club Ergotelis.
 It is the largest youth sports academy on the island of Crete, hosting over 40 age-based boys' and girls' football departments, and one of the largest in Greece, registering over 900 children and adolescents aged 6−21 years old.
 The Academy currently maintains various competitive departments, including the club's official youth team (Under-19), as well as an additional other 3 age-based sister clubs, all subsidiaries to the Gymnastics Club Ergotelis ("Neoi Ergoteli", "Kanaria Ergoteli", "Martinengo").
 Ergotelis' U19 team currently plays in the Greek Football League's youth competition (Football League U19), while the other three teams participate at various levels of the Heraklion Football Clubs Association League system.
Racheal Lungu (born 13 January 1988) is a Zambian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Zambia women's national football team.
 She was part of the team at the 2014 African Women's Championship.
 On club level she played for Bauleni Sports Academy in Zambia.
Samuel Eto'o Fils (] ; born 10 March 1981) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club Antalyaspor.
 He is the most decorated African player of all time, having won the African Player of the Year award a record four times: in 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2010.
 He was third in the FIFA World Player of the Year award in 2005.
Nchawaka Saili (born 2 July 1996) is a Zambian footballer who plays as a forward for the Zambia women's national football team.
 She was part of the team at the 2014 African Women's Championship.
 On club level she played for Bauleni Sports Academy in Zambia.
Stade Akwa is a multi-use stadium in Douala, Cameroon.
 It is currently used mostly for football matches.
 It serves as a home ground of Kadji Sports Academy.
 The stadium holds 5,000 people.
George Tawlon Manneh Oppong Ousman Weah (born 1 October 1966) is a Liberian humanitarian, politician, and retired professional footballer who played as a striker.
 Regarded as one of the greatest African players of all-time and as one of the best forwards of his generation, in 1995 he was named FIFA World Player of the Year and won the Ballon d'Or, becoming the first African player to win these awards.
 In 1989, 1994 and 1995, he was named the African Footballer of the Year, and in 1996, he was named African Player of the Century.
 Known for his acceleration, speed, and dribbling ability, in addition to his goalscoring and clinical finishing, Weah was described by FIFA as "the precursor of the multi-functional strikers of today".
 In 2004, he was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players.
Osee Diboma Epoupa is a Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Thailand Division 1 League side Narathiwat FC.
 He joined the team in 2010 after spent his youth with Kadji Sports Academy.
 He was the same generation at the academy alongside Nicolas N'Koulou and Georges Mandjeck, who both represented the Cameroon national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup
Kadji Sport Academies is a sports academy and association football team from Békoko, Douala in Cameroon.
 The academy was founded by Gilbert Kadji.
 Striker Samuel Eto'o played for the club at youth, and has since gone on to represent Cameroon national football team.
