"Keep This Fire Burning" is a song by Swedish pop singer Robyn, released as the first single from her third album "Don't Stop the Music".
 It was released in Sweden on September 21, 2002, where it became her highest charting single since 1995's "Do You Really Want Me (Show Respect)".
 The song was also released as a single in Australia under the name "By Your Side", due to the Australian bush fires which were happening at the time.
 In 2008, a re-recorded version of the song appeared on the special edition of Robyn's eponymous album.
Don't Stop the Music is the third studio album by Swedish pop singer Robyn.
 It was released on 30 October 2002 in Sweden by BMG.
 The album peaked at #2 in her native Sweden, and the two singles "Keep This Fire Burning" and "Don't Stop the Music" were both top 10 hits.
 In 2003, "Don't Stop The Music" was certified platinum by IFPI, and has sold over 60,000 copies in Sweden.
Burning the clavie is an ancient Scottish custom still observed at Burghead, a fishing village on the Moray Firth.
 The "clavie" is a collection of casks split in two, lit as a bonfire in the evening of 11 January, i.e. New Year's Eve (in Scotland, Hogmanay) by the Julian Calendar.
 One of these casks is joined together again by a huge nail (Latin "clavis"; hence the term, it may also be from Scottish Gaelic "cliabh", a basket used for holding combustibles).
 It is then filled with tar, lighted and carried flaming round the village and finally up to a headland upon which stands the ruins of an altar, locally called the "Doorie".
 It here forms the nucleus of the bonfire, which is built up of split casks.
 When the burning tar-barrel falls in pieces, the people scramble to get a lighted piece with which to kindle the New Year's fire on their cottage hearth.
 The charcoal of the "clavie" is collected and put in pieces up the cottage chimneys, to keep spirits and witches from coming down.
"I'll Keep the Lovelight Burning" is a popular song written in 1942 by Harry Tobias, Nick Kenny, and Harold Levey, popularized by Patti Page in 1949.
 Louis Armstrong also covered the song in 1949.
Ghost is a Swedish record producing and songwriting team, composed of Ulf Lindström and Johan Ekhé, based in New York City.
 They are perhaps best known for writing and producing Swedish singer Robyn's three first studio albums, "Robyn Is Here" (1996), "My Truth" (1999), and "Don't Stop the Music" (2002).
 Robyn's "Keep This Fire Burning" from 2003 was the fourth most played song by Swedish songwriters on Swedish radio from 2000–2009.
 It was later covered by British soul singer Beverley Knight.
American entertainer Madonna has released 68 music videos, 11 concert tour videos, 2 documentary videos, 4 music video compilations, 2 music video box sets, 4 promotional videos, and 5 video singles.
 In 1982, Madonna signed a recording contract with Sire Records and released her first two singles before launching her eponymous debut album.
 Her first video to receive attention on MTV was "Borderline", followed by "Lucky Star" and "Like a Virgin", which popularized Madonna's image and fashion among younger generation.
 Her early videos were released commercially on "Madonna" (1984), which became the best-selling videocassette of 1985.
 With the title track from her third studio album "True Blue" (1986), Madonna's impact on MTV and popular music was established when a contest entitled "Making My Video", was held to create a music video for the song. "
La Isla Bonita" and "Who's That Girl", both released in 1987, showed Madonna's fascination with Hispanic culture and religious symbolism.
 In 1989, the video of "Like a Prayer" portrayed her dancing in front of burning crosses, receiving stigmata, kissing a black saint and having sex with him in a church altar.
 It faced strong reaction from religious groups and media. "
Express Yourself" released the same year was critically appreciated for its positive feminist themes.
"You Keep Me Hangin' On" is a 1966 song written and composed by Holland–Dozier–Holland.
 It first became a popular "Billboard" Hot 100 number one hit for the American Motown group The Supremes in late 1966.
 The rock band Vanilla Fudge covered the song a year later and had a top ten hit with their version.
 British pop singer Kim Wilde covered "You Keep Me Hangin' On" in 1986, bumping it back to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1987.
 The single reached number one by two different musical acts in America.
 In the first 32 years of the "Billboard" Hot 100 rock era, “You Keep Me Hangin' On” became one of only six songs to achieve this feat.
 In 1996, country music singer Reba McEntire's version reached number 2 on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart.
Nolan Frederick Porter (born 1949 in Los Angeles) is an American R&B singer and songwriter who recorded two albums and six singles in the early 1970s.
 His best known song is "Keep On Keeping On", a northern soul track popularized in 1978 by the Manchester and Salford band Joy Division when they used the guitar riff from Porter's song for their "Interzone".
Phil Driscoll (born November 9, 1947) is a trumpeter, singer, composer, and producer.
 He performs in varying music genres and styles which include rock and roll, rhythm and blues, and patriotic music, and is best known for his work in Christian music and his longterm Christian ministry.
 In 1985, Driscoll won the Grammy Award for Best Gospel Performance – Duo/Group for a duet with Debby Boone on "Keep the Flame Burning", and he has been nominated for three additional Grammys, two for Best Gospel Performance – Male and one for Best Gospel/Pop Album.
 He has also won three Dove Awards for his music, and the 1999 Christian Country Music Association Award for Best Musician.
 In 2006, Driscoll was found guilty on 2 counts of tax evasion and one count of conspiracy, and was sentenced to serve one year in Federal prison, beginning on March 14, 2007.
William Ford Gibson (born March 17, 1948) is an American-Canadian speculative fiction writer and essayist widely credited with pioneering the science fiction subgenre known as cyberpunk.
 Beginning his writing career in the late 1970s, his early works were noir, near-future stories that explored the effects of technology, cybernetics, and computer networks on humans—a "combination of lowlife and high tech"—and helped to create an iconography for the information age before the ubiquity of the Internet in the 1990s.
 Gibson notably coined the term "cyberspace" in his short story "Burning Chrome" (1982) and later popularized the concept in his acclaimed debut novel "Neuromancer" (1984).
 These early works have been credited with "renovating" science fiction literature after it had fallen largely into insignificance in the 1970s.
