Black Beauty: Miles Davis at Fillmore West is a live double album by American jazz trumpeter, composer, and bandleader Miles Davis.
 It was recorded on April 10, 1970, at the Fillmore West in San Francisco, shortly after the release of the trumpeter's "Bitches Brew" album and the recording of "Jack Johnson" (1971).
 "Black Beauty" was produced by Teo Macero, Davis' longtime record producer.
Agharta is a 1975 live double album by American jazz trumpeter, composer, and bandleader Miles Davis.
 By the time he recorded the album, Davis was 48 years old and had alienated many in the jazz community while attracting younger rock audiences with his radical electric fusion music.
 After experimenting with different line-ups, he established a stable live band in 1973 and toured constantly for the next two years, despite physical pain from worsening health and emotional instability brought on by substance abuse.
 During a three-week tour of Japan in 1975, the trumpeter performed two concerts at the Festival Hall in Osaka on February 1; the afternoon show produced "Agharta" and the evening show was released as "Pangaea" the following year.
Thaddeus Joseph Jones (March 28, 1923 – August 20, 1986) was an American jazz trumpeter, composer, and bandleader who has been called "one of the all-time greatest jazz trumpet soloists."
Rastafari is an album by American jazz trumpeter Wadada Leo Smith with the Bill Smith ensemble, which was released in 1983 on the Canadian Sackville label.
 The trumpeter considers the recording a cooperative effort, it is Bill Smith, co-founder of Sackville and producer of the album, who made it a "Leo Smith record".
 It was reissued on CD in 2003 with new artwork by Boxholder.
Ancestral Homeland is the fourth album by American jazz trumpeter Roy Campbell, the second by Pyramid Trio, and the first by the original lineup with bassist William Parker and drummer Zen Matsuura.
 The album was recorded and released in 1998 on No More.
 According to Campbell, "the music of the Pyramid Trio is based on World Universal Music, composed and improvised".
 "Song for Alan" is dedicated to jazz trumpeter Alan Shorter, while "Brother Yusef" is a tribute to Campbell's teacher Yusef Lateef.
Jack Johnson, later reissued as A Tribute to Jack Johnson, is a 1971 studio album and soundtrack by American jazz trumpeter, composer, and bandleader Miles Davis.
 In 1970, Davis was asked by Bill Cayton to record music for his documentary of the same name on the life of boxer Jack Johnson.
 Johnson's saga resonated personally with Davis, who wrote in the album's liner notes of Johnson's mastery as a boxer, his affinity for fast cars, jazz, clothes, and beautiful women, his unreconstructed blackness, and his threatening image to white men.
 This was the second film score he had composed, after "Ascenseur pour l'échafaud" in 1957.
Here Comes Louis Smith is the debut album by American trumpeter Louis Smith recorded in 1958 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Originally recorded for the Transition label, the company went out of business shortly afterwards and before the recording could be released.
 The album masters were acquired by Blue Note's Alfred Lion.
Marty Marsala (2 April 1909 – 27 April 1975) was an American jazz trumpeter born in Chicago, perhaps best known for working from 1926-1946 with his brother Joe Marsala in a big band in New York City and Chicago.
 He had also toured with various artists, such as Chico Marx and Miff Mole, to name a few.
 During the 1940s Marsala was a celebrated West Coast jazz trumpeter, commuting back and forth from Chicago to San Francisco frequently.
 In various club settings Marsala shared stages with Earl Hines and Sidney Bechet.
Donald Johnson Ellis (July 25, 1934 – December 17, 1978) was an American jazz trumpeter, drummer, composer, and bandleader.
 He is best known for his extensive musical experimentation, particularly in the area of time signatures. Later in his life he worked as a film composer, contributing a score to 1971's "The French Connection" and 1973's "The Seven-Ups".
Miles Dewey Davis III (May 26, 1926September 28, 1991) was an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, and composer.
 He is among the most influential and acclaimed figures in the history of jazz and 20th century music.
 Davis adopted a variety of musical directions in his five-decade career which kept him at the forefront of a number of major stylistic developments in jazz.
