Truth Initiative (formerly the American Legacy Foundation or Legacy) is a nonprofit tobacco control organization "dedicated to achieving a culture where all youth and young adults reject tobacco."
 It was established in March 1999 as a result of the Master Settlement Agreement between the attorneys general of 46 states, the District of Columbia and five United States territories, and the tobacco industry.
 Truth Initiative is best known for its youth smoking prevention campaign.
 Its other primary aims include conducting tobacco control research and policy studies, organizing community and youth engagement programs and developing digital cessation and prevention products, including through revenue-generating models.
 The organization changed its name from the American Legacy Foundation to Truth Initiative on September 8, 2015, to better align with its Truth campaign.
 As of 2016, the organization had more than $957 million in assets and a staff of 133 based primarily in its Washington, D.C. office.
Truth in Science is a United Kingdom-based creationist organization which promotes the Discovery Institute's "Teach the Controversy" campaign, which it uses to try to get pseudoscientific intelligent design creationism taught alongside evolution in school science lessons.
 The organization claims that there is scientific controversy about the validity of Darwinian evolution, a view rejected by the United Kingdom's Royal Society and over 50 Academies of Science around the world.
 The group is affiliated with the Discovery Institute, the hub of the intelligent design movement, following its strategy and circulating the Institute's promotional materials.
The Last Embrace is the final release by Spirit Caravan.
 It was released on 2xCD and 2xLP in 2003 by Meteor City Records.
 It contains 19 songs from their two albums, "Jug Fulla Sun" and "Elusive Truth", the three songs that appeared on their debut 7" (under the name Shine), the two songs from their final 7", "Spirit Caravan", the song from their split 7" with Sixty Watt Shaman and their song from the Rise 13 compilation on Rise Above Records.
 It also features the last three songs Spirit Caravan recorded, "The Last Embrace," "Brainwashed" and "Dove-Tongued Aggressor."
Curiosity is an American documentary television series that premiered on August 7, 2011, on the Discovery Channel.
 Each episode focuses on one question in science, technology, and society (e.g., why the  sank) and, for the first season, features a different celebrity host.
 Stephen Hawking hosted the premiere episode titled "Did God Create the Universe?"
, which aired simultaneously on seven Discovery Communications networks: Discovery Channel, TLC, Discovery Fit and Health, Animal Planet, Science, Investigation Discovery, and Destination America.
 Season one consists of 16 episodes.
Truth (stylized as truth) is a national campaign aimed at curbing youth smoking in the United States.
 The "truth" campaign is produced and funded by the American Legacy Foundation, a public health nonprofit organization established in 1999 under the Master Settlement Agreement between U.S. tobacco companies, 46 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and five territories.
 "truth" produces television and online content to promote anti-tobacco messages.
 In August 2014, "truth" launched "Finish It", a redesigned campaign encouraging youth to be the generation that ends smoking.
An unforgiving sun, a parched earth, and a failed economy have left a small Texas town desolate.
 For ten years Promise, Texas has known nothing but one curse after another.
 It's barren, broken, and dying, leaving a town full of despair.
 When a couple finds a boy walking along a dusty road, alone in the middle of nowhere, with nothing but a mat tucked under his arm, they pick him up in hopes of helping him.
 What they don't realize is that he has come to help them and the residents of Promise.
 No one knows who he is or where he came from.
 Some think he's an answer to prayer.
 Others think he's a runaway or a false prophet.
 And the only thing this boy will say about himself is that he's here to help.
 The town's sheriff, Brody, is determined to uncover the truth.
 But Brody has his own problems trying to hold a dying town together.
 Miracle after miracle takes place and the residents of Promise embrace the boy.
 But when the beloved town doctor dies, it is time for the truth to be revealed.
 The boy pleads with Brody in front of the whole town to believe that he's come to help, not to hurt anyone.
 Finally, with his back against the wall the boy reveals his true identity.
The Discovery Museum and Planetarium is a hands-on science museum in Bridgeport, Connecticut, that serves as both a tourist destination and an educational resource for area schools.
 The Discovery Museum provides dynamic, hands-on STEM experiences designed to resonate with the innate curiosity, learning desire, and spirit of exploration of visitors, encouraging young learners to ask questions, solve problems, and engineer solutions today so they are better prepared to embrace the challenges of tomorrow.
Discovery Networks Benelux is a branch of Discovery Networks International responsible for channels in the Netherlands and Belgium.
 Discovery Networks Benelux operates Discovery, Animal Planet, TLC (Netherlands), Eurosport 1, Eurosport 2 and Investigation Discovery in the region with local advertising, sponsorship, programming and the use of the local language either dubbed or subtitled.
 Discovery Networks Benelux also use existing services from Discovery Networks International: Discovery Science and Discovery World.
Every Voice is an American nonprofit, nonpartisan liberal political advocacy organization.
 The organization was formed in 2014 upon the merger of the Public Campaign Action Fund, a 501(c)(4) group, and the Friends of Democracy.
 Every Voice, along with its affiliated Super PAC, Every Voice Action, advocates for campaign finance reform in the United States via public financing of political campaigns and limitations on political donations.
 The organization's president, David Donnelly, has said "We fully embrace the irony of working through a Super PAC to fight the influence of Super PACs."
Extrema formed in 1986 in Milan.
 The initial lineup included guitarist Tommy Massara, vocalist/guitarist Andrea Boria, bassist Luca Varisco, and drummer Stefano Bullegas.
 Regarded as one of Italy's first thrash metal bands, Extrema's first EP, "We F**kin' Care" (1987), sold an impressive 3,000 copies by word of mouth alone.
 Italian heavy metal fans didn't yet seem prepared to embrace local talent, however, and the next four years saw Extrema (by then entirely re-vamped, with Massara signing on new members Gianluca Perotti on vocals, Mattia Bigi on bass, and Chris Dalla Pellegrina on drums) relegated to open for visiting acts like Slayer, D.R.I., and Corrosion of Conformity.
 Finally realizing that their only hope of impressing local talent scouts lay in conquering from the outside-in, Extrema started aggressively shopping their demos to international heavy metal critics, and even financed a trip to New York City for a one-off gig.
 The strategy worked, and their four-track demo from 1991 was soon making waves with some major international publications, eventually leading to a record deal with Contempo Records.
 The result was the 1993's "Tension at the Seams" album, which led to stadium support slots with Italian rock star Vasco Rossi, and more importantly a high-profile metal festival appearance in Turin alongside Megadeth, The Cult, Suicidal Tendencies, and Metallica.
 The album also featured an unconventional cover of The Police's "Truth Hits Everybody" and spawned a video clip for the track "Child O' Boogaow" which was on heavy rotation on Italy's MTV affiliate, Videomusic.
