Rex the Runt is a British live action stop motion animated claymation pixilation comedy franchise, primarily consisting of a television show and two short films produced by Aardman Animations for BBC Bristol in association with EVA Entertainment and Egmont Imagination.
 Its main characters are four plasticine dogs: Rex, Wendy, Bad Bob and Vince.
Pirate Master was a CBS reality television show created by Mark Burnett which replaced the previous Mark Burnett show on CBS, Rock Star.
 It followed sixteen modern-day pirates on their quest for gold, which totaled US$1,000,000.
 The show was hosted by Cameron Daddo, and took place in the Caribbean island nation of Dominica.
 The show premiered on Thursday, May 31, 2007.
 The show also aired on CTV in Canada, Sky3 in the UK, premiered on June 21, 2007 on Network Ten in Australia, and premiered on July 4, 2007 on AXN Asia.
 On July 10 in the US, the show moved to Tuesdays at 10 p.m. (ET).
 In its Tuesday run, it would follow the 9 p.m. (ET) broadcast of "Big Brother 8 ".
 As of July 24, in the US, Pirate Master was only online on CBS.com's Innertube, with the last six episodes presented each week on Tuesday mornings.
The Joe Schmo Show is a reality television hoax show created by Paul Wernick and Rhett Reese.
 The series is broadcast in the U.S. on the cable network Spike.
 The show's premise is that a target person or persons are led to believe that they are contestants on a reality television show; in reality, all of the other participants in the purported show – including the host – are actors, and their actions and the outcome of the purported show are all scripted in an attempt to elicit comedic reactions from the targets.
 The show's first season, The Joe Schmo Show, aired in 2003, and its second season, Joe Schmo 2, aired in 2004.
 The first season's hoax was conducted as a typical reality competition show while the second hoax was a "Bachelor"-like dating series.
La Carabina de Ambrosio was a Mexican television show created and developed by Humberto Navarro, filmed at the Televisa Studios, Chapultepec in Mexico City, from 1978 until 1987.
 The slogan of the show was "A Magical, Comical, and Musical Variety Show."
 The show had guest emcees that included César Costa, Gualberto Castro, Fito Girón, and Manolo Muñoz.
 While the emcees sang a cast member would interrupt rudely and a comedy skit began.
 The show consisted of numerous skits, jokes and tricks played on the emcees.
 It is rumored that the reason there were so many emcees during the run of the show was due the numerous tricks played on them.
Hairy Jeremy was a French Stop-Motion Animated television show by Pierre Scarella in which was made in 1992.
 It was dubbed and shown in the United Kingdom on CBBC.
 It's narrated by Regine Candler
Bob the Builder is a British children's animated television show created by Keith Chapman.
 In the original series, Bob appears in a stop motion animated programme as a building contractor, specialising in masonry, along with his colleague Wendy, various neighbours and friends, and their gang of anthropomorphised work-vehicles and equipment.
 The show is broadcast in many countries, but originates from the United Kingdom where Bob is voiced by English actor Neil Morrissey.
 The show was later created using CGI animation starting with the spin-off series "Ready, Steady, Build!"
.
Take Hart is a British children's television show about art, presented by Tony Hart.
 It took over from "Vision On", and ran from 1977 until 1983.
 The show featured Hart and the animated Plasticine character Morph, and other characters created by David Sproxton like 'Smoulder the Moulder', which was a lump of mould which would create props by 'spraying' them out of a spray can.
 The only other human to appear on a regular basis was Mr Bennett, the caretaker, played by Colin Bennett.
 The programme won a BAFTA award for Hart in 1984.
Pituca sin lucas ("Fancy Lady Without Money") is a Chilean romantic comedy television show created by Rodrigo Bastidas and Elena Muñoz.
 Commonly mistaken for a soap opera, the show is categorized as a telenovela, the difference lying in its projected end rather than an indefinite continuation.
 The show was originally broadcast on the television network Mega from October 13, 2014 until May 25, 2015.
 Starring Paola Volpato and Alvaro Rudolphy, and directed by Patricio Gonzalez, Pablo Aedo, Felipe Arratia, and Mauricio Lucero, "Pituca sin lucas" was filmed by studios.
 It was considered the most watched Chilean telenovela since 2006, reaching an average audience rating of 25.3 points and over 50% of the total share of Chilean television.
Go is an American television game show created by Bob Stewart and aired on NBC from October 3, 1983 to January 20, 1984.
 The show featured two teams, each composed of four contestants and a celebrity.
 The teams had to construct questions one word at a time to convey a word or phrase to their teammates.
 The concept of "Go" was based on a bonus round used on "Chain Reaction", another game show created by Stewart.
Bo on the Go!
 is a Canadian children's television show created by Jeff Rosen produced by Halifax Film, a DHX Media Company, in association with CBC Television.
 The show emphasizes the importance movement for children through a plot element called "Animoves," animations demonstrating specific body movements young viewers must learn in order to solve adventures highlighted in each program's storyline.
