The Leda is a river in north-western Germany in the state of Lower Saxony.
 It is a right tributary of the Ems and originates at the confluence of the Sagter Ems and the Soeste (Dreyschloot) near the town of Barßel.
 The Leda flows into the Ems near the town of Leer.
 On the southern bank of the Leda, in the "Overledingen Land" (Overledingen="country over the Leda"), opposite Leer, lies the small settlement of Kloster Muhde ("Muhde" from the Old Frisian "mutha" meaning "(river) mouth").
 The total length of the river is 29 km , of which the lower 1.9 km are navigable for sea-going vessels.
Proto-Norse (also called Proto-Scandinavian, Primitive Norse, Proto-Nordic, Ancient Nordic, Ancient Scandinavian, Old Nordic, Old Scandinavian, Proto-North Germanic, North Proto-Germanic or Common Scandinavian) was an Indo-European language spoken in Scandinavia that is thought to have evolved as a northern dialect of Proto-Germanic in the first centuries CE.
 It is the earliest stage of a characteristically North Germanic language, and the language attested in the oldest Scandinavian Elder Futhark inscriptions, spoken around from the 2nd to 8th centuries (corresponding to the late Roman Iron Age and the Germanic Iron Age).
 It evolved into the dialects of Old Norse at the beginning of the Viking Age in about 800, which later themselves evolved into modern North Germanic languages.
Suorva or Suorvadammen (the Suorva Dam) is a small settlement situated at the southern parts of Akkajaure, in Stora Sjöfallet National Park, Sweden.
 The settlement can be reached by car (and bus, from Gällivare).
 It consists of a few houses and a dam operated by Vattenfall, which regulates the flow to the hydroelectric plant in Vietas located about 5 kilometers downstream.
 The road over the dam is normally open for hikers (not cars) and makes for a possible route into the northern parts of Sarek National Park which does not require using a boat.
Frankish (reconstructed Frankish: "*Frenkisk"), Old Franconian or Old Frankish was the West Germanic language spoken by the Franks between the 4th and 8th century.
 The language itself is poorly attested, but it gave rise to numerous loanwords in Old French.
 Old Dutch is the term for the Old Franconian dialects spoken in the Low Countries, ie.
 in present-day Belgium, in the present Netherlands and Western parts of today's Germany until about the 12th century when it evolved into Middle Dutch.
Old Saxon, also known as Old Low German, was a Germanic language and the earliest recorded form of Low German (spoken nowadays in Northern Germany, the northeastern Netherlands, southern Denmark, the Americas and parts of Eastern Europe).
 It is a West Germanic language, closely related to the Anglo-Frisian languages.
 It has been documented from the 8th century until the 12th century, when it gradually evolved into Middle Low German.
 It was spoken throughout modern northwestern Germany, primarily in the coastal regions and in the eastern Netherlands by Saxons, a Germanic tribe who inhabited the region of Saxony.
 It partially shares Anglo-Frisian's (Old Frisian, Old English) Ingvaeonic nasal spirant law which sets it apart from Low Franconian and Irminonic languages, such as Dutch, Luxembourgish and German.
Afrikaans ( ) is a West Germanic language spoken in South Africa, Namibia and, to a lesser extent, Botswana and Zimbabwe.
 It evolved from the Dutch vernacular of South Holland (Hollandic dialect) spoken by the mainly Dutch settlers of what is now South Africa, where it gradually began to develop distinguishing characteristics in the course of the 18th century.
 Hence, it is a daughter language of Dutch, and was previously referred to as "Cape Dutch" (a term also used to refer collectively to the early Cape settlers) or "kitchen Dutch" (a derogatory term used to refer to Afrikaans in its earlier days).
 However, it is also variously described as a creole or as a partially creolised language.
 The term is ultimately derived from Dutch "Afrikaans-Hollands " meaning "African Dutch".
 It is the first language of most of the Afrikaners and Coloureds of Southern Africa.
Leer is a town in the district of Leer, the northwestern part of Lower Saxony, Germany.
 It is situated on the river Leda, a tributary of the river Ems, near the border with the Netherlands.
Dutch (   ) is a West Germanic language that is spoken by around 24 million people as a first language—including the population of the Netherlands and about sixty percent that of Belgium—and by another 5 million as a second language.
 It is the third most widely spoken Germanic language, after English and German.
English is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now a global "lingua franca".
 Named after the Angles, one of the Germanic tribes that migrated to England, it ultimately derives its name from the Anglia (Angeln) peninsula in the Baltic Sea.
 It is closely related to the Frisian languages, but its vocabulary has been significantly influenced by other Germanic languages, particularly Norse (a North Germanic language), as well as by Latin and Romance languages, particularly French.
German ("Deutsch" ] ) is a West Germanic language that is mainly spoken in Central Europe.
 It is the most widely spoken and (co-) official language in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, South Tyrol (Italy), the German-speaking Community of Belgium, and Liechtenstein.
 It is also one of the three official languages of Luxembourg.
 The languages which are most similar to German are the other members of the West Germanic language branch: Afrikaans, Dutch, English, the Frisian languages, Low German/Low Saxon, Luxembourgish, and Yiddish.
 German is the second most widely spoken Germanic language, after English.
