Africa Magic is a collection of Pay TV entertainment channels that focus on African programming.
 "Africa Magic", which started off as single channel of the same name, is a brand owned by M-Net and now comprises eight channels.
 The first "Africa Magic" channel was launched in July 2003 as a movie channel and over the next decade, the brand expanded to include seven more channels comprising movies, television shows and general entertainment.
 Africa Magic currently broadcasts in more than 50 African countries.
 The channels include "Africa Magic Family", "Africa Magic World", "Africa Magic Showcase", "Africa Magic Yoruba", "Africa Magic Igbo", "Africa Magic Hausa".
 "Africa Magic Epic" and "Africa Magic Urban".
 Africa Magic is also responsible for the annual Africa Magic Viewers' Choice Awards (AMVCAs), the biggest celebration of film and television talent in Africa.
Elizabeth Michael (Lulu) is a Tanzanian actress.
 In 2013, she won the Zanzibar International Film Festival award for Best Actress.
 She also won 2016 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards for Best Movie Eastern Africa.
.
In August 2017, Africa Youth Awards named her among the 100 Most Influential Young Africans
The 2015 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards (AMVCA) was held on March 7, 2015 at the Eko Hotel and Suites, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria.
 IK and Vimbai were the hosts of the event.
 A new category, Best Indigenous Language (Igbo), was introduced in the 2015 awards.
Africa Magic Viewers' Choice Awards (AMVCA) is an annual accolade presented by Multichoice recognizing outstanding achievement in television and film, voted on by the general public.
 The inaugural Africa Magic Viewers’ Choice Awards ceremony was held in Lagos, Lagos State in Nigeria on 9 March 2013, and was broadcast live in more than 50 countries.
 Entries into the award ceremony are films and TV series that have been aired on Dstv Channels in the previous year.
Okechukwu Ukeje, known as OC Ukeje is Nigerian actor, model and musician.
 He came into prominence after winning the Amstel Malta Box Office (AMBO) reality show.
 He has received several awards including Africa Movie Academy Awards, Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards, Nollywood Movies Awards, Best of Nollywood Awards, Nigeria Entertainment Awards and Golden Icons Academy Movie Awards.
 He has featured in several award winning films including "Two Brides and a Baby", "Hoodrush", "Alan Poza", "Confusion Na Wa" and "Half of a Yellow Sun".
Eric Enomamien Aghimien is a Nigerian director, producer, screenwriter and editor.
 His debut feature film, "A Mile from Home" won awards at both the 2014 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards and the 10th Africa Movie Academy Awards.
Two Brides and a Baby is a 2011 Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Teco Benson, starring Keira Hewatch, Kalu Ikeagwu, OC Ukeje, Chelsea Eze, Stella Damasus-Aboderin and Okey Uzoeshi.
 It premiered on November 17, 2011.
 It received awards and nominations at Africa Movie Academy Awards, Best of Nollywood Awards and Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards.
Femi Jacobs (born Oluwafemisola Jacobs; 8 May) is a Nigerian actor, speaker and singer.
 He came into prominence for playing Makinde Esho in the film "The Meeting", which also stars Rita Dominic and Jide Kosoko.
 For his role in "The Meeting", he received a nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards.
 He also won the award for Best Actor in a Comedy at the 2015 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards (AMVCA).
Nse Ikpe-Etim (1974 - ) is a Nigerian actress.
 She came into prominence in 2008 for her role in "Reloaded".
 She was nominated for "Best Actress in a Leading Role" at the 5th and 8th Africa Movie Academy Awards for her role in "Reloaded" and "Mr. and Mrs." respectively.
 In 2014, she won the "Best Actress in a Drama" award at the 2014 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards for playing "Nse" in "Journey to Self".
The 2013 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards were held on 9 March 2014 and co-hosted by Big Brother Africa presenter IK Osakioduwa and StarGist’s host, Vimbai Mutinhiri.
 Ivie Okujaiye and Olu Jacobs were honored with the TrailBlazer and Industry Merit Awards respectively.
