Cold Blooded is a 2012 crime film written and directed by Jason Lapeyre.
 The film stars Ryan Robbins, Zoie Palmer, William MacDonald, Sergio Di Zio and Huse Madhavji.
 The film tells the story of a female police officer assigned to guard a diamond thief overnight in a hospital when his violent partners break into the hospital to get him.
Ashley Victoria Benson (born December 18, 1989) is an American actress, known for portraying the role of Hanna Marin in the teen mystery-drama television series "Pretty Little Liars" (2010-2017).
 She has also portrayed Abigail Deveraux on the NBC soap opera "Days of Our Lives", Mia Torcoletti on the supernatural television series "Eastwick", and Brit in the 2013 crime thriller film "Spring Breakers".
Chronically Metropolitan is a 2016 American comedy film directed by Xavier Manrique and written by Nicholas Schutt.
 The film stars Ashley Benson, Shiloh Fernandez, Addison Timlin, Mary-Louise Parker and Chris Noth.
 Filming began on February 23, 2015 in New York City.
Tomorrow You're Gone, also known as "Boot Tracks", is a 2012 crime thriller film directed by David Jacobson.
 It has a 7% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 15 reviews.
Spring Breakers is a 2012 American crime film written and directed by Harmony Korine.
 It stars James Franco, Vanessa Hudgens, Selena Gomez, Ashley Benson and Rachel Korine and follows four college-aged girls on their spring break in Florida where they meet an eccentric local drug dealer named Alien who helps them in a time of desperation, and their eventual descent into a world of drugs, crime, and violence.
Division Films is a Los Angeles-based film finance and production company established by Wicks Walker in 2012.
 The company's first film was "Spring Breakers" starring James Franco, Selena Gomez, Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Benson.
 Walker and another producer greenlit the production after Benoît Debie was recruited as cinematographer to work alongside director Harmony Korine and with Selena Gomez added to the cast. "
Spring Breakers" was selected for competition in the 69th Venice Film Festival and released worldwide in 2013.
Star 67 is a 2012 crime thriller directed by Kathi Selvakumar and Triden V Balasingam, featuring Imman Kannan in the lead role.
 The soundtrack of the film was composed by Senthuran Alagaiya, while cinematography and editing were handled by Kuhenthiran and Triden V. Balasingam, respectively.
 It was produced by Wotar Sound Pictures.
 It had a decent run at select cinemas and tasted success at the box office.
Hotel Noir is a 2012 crime film directed and written by Sebastian Gutierrez.
 The film stars Carla Gugino and Rufus Sewell.
 The film was released at Video on demand on October 9, 2012 in USA.
 It was relaunched in 2016 in color, with the name "City of Sin".
Bart Got a Room is a 2008 comedy film written and directed by Brian Hecker, and stars Steven Kaplan, Alia Shawkat, William H. Macy, and Cheryl Hines.
 Also appearing in the film are Ashley Benson, Brandon Hardesty, Kate Micucci, Jennifer Tilly, Dinah Manoff (in her last film role as of 2017) and Chad Jamian Williams as Bart.
 The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 25, 2008.
 It had a limited US release in select theaters on April 3, 2009 and was released on DVD on July 28, 2009.
Bring It On: In It to Win It is a 2007 teen film directed by Steve Rash and starring Ashley Benson, Cassie Scerbo and Michael Copon.
