Love in Excess (1719–1720) is Eliza Haywood's best known novel.
 It details the amorous escapades of Count D'Elmont, a rake who becomes reformed over the course of the novel.
 "Love in Excess" was a huge bestseller in its time, going through multiple reissues in the four years following its initial publication.
 It was once compared in terms of book sales with "Gulliver's Travels" and "Robinson Crusoe".
 This information was revealed to be incorrect, the believed success of this novel is much more marginal, selling only about 6000 copies over 23 years.
Margerie Bonner (February 17, 1905 – September 28, 1988) was an American actress, scriptwriter, and novelist who is best known as the wife of Malcolm Lowry and for her support of the author while he wrote his best known novel, "Under the Volcano", considered one of the finest novels of the 20th century.
Born in Florence, having completed his studies Bertelli became a railway employer, working first in Rimini and later in Foggia.
 He later started collaborating with the Roman newspaper "Capitan Fracassa" and in 1984 he was officially employed as a journalist and caricaturist.
 He soon adopted the pseudonym "Vamba", named after the clown of Walter Scott's "Ivanhoe".
 After collaborating with several newspapers, in 1890 he founded and directed "L'O di Giotto", a newspaper close to the radical political positions of Felice Cavallotti, and in 1901 he co-founded the regional newspaper "Il Bruscolo".
 Best known as a children's author, in 1893 Vamba wrote his first pedagogical novel, "Ciondolino", and in 1906 he founded and directed until 1911 the nonconformist children magazine "Il giornalino della Domenica".
 Here, he released in sequential installments his best known novel, "Il Giornalino di Gian Burrasca", the pedagogical and humorous story of a lively teenager.
 In the summer of 1920 he fell ill, dying on November 27, 1920.
The Day of the Triffids is a 1951 post-apocalyptic novel by the English science fiction author John Wyndham.
 It is about a plague of blindness that befalls the entire world, allowing the rise of an aggressive species of plant.
 Although Wyndham had already published other novels using other pen name combinations drawn from his real name, this was the first novel published as "John Wyndham".
 It established him as an important writer and remains his best known novel.
Willard Francis Motley (July 14, 1909 – March 4, 1965) was an African-American author.
 Motley published a column in the "Chicago Defender" under the pen-name Bud Billiken.
 Motley also worked as a freelance writer, and later founded and published the "Hull House Magazine" and worked in the Federal Writers Project.
 Motley first and best known novel was "Knock on Any Door" (1947).
Henry Olerich (1851–1927) was a utopian author from Nebraska.
 In his best known novel, "A Cityless and Countryless World" (1893), a Martian lands on earth to teach humans how to create paradise.
 The method was to build houses that could hold 1,000 people, who would collectively farm and work.
Edwin Mullhouse: The Life and Death of an American Writer 1943-1954, by Jeffrey Cartwright is the critically acclaimed debut novel by American author Steven Millhauser, published in 1972 and written in the form of a biography of a fictitious person by a fictitious author.
 It was Millhauser's best known novel until the publication of his Pulitzer Prize-winning "Martin Dressler" in 1997, and according to Patrick McGrath writing in "The New York Times" it is his best work.
 "Edwin Mullhouse" is described by "Publishers Weekly" as a 'cult novel'.
Carole Maso is a contemporary American novelist and essayist, known for her experimental, poetic and fragmentary narratives often called postmodern.
 She received a B.A. in English from Vassar College in 1977.
 She is the recipient of a Lannan Literary Fellowship for Fiction, an NEA fellowship, and several other grants.
 Her first published novel was "Ghost Dance", which appeared in 1986.
 Her best known novel is probably "Defiance", published in 1998.
 She is a professor of literary arts at Brown University, where she has taught since 1995, and has previously held positions as a writer-in-residence at Illinois State University in 1991–92 and George Washington University in 1992–93, as well as teaching writing at Columbia University in 1993.
 A forthcoming novel, "The Bay of Angels", incorporates various narrative types—essay, memoir, prose poems, and even graphics—and represents nearly 15 years of work.
 Parts of "The Bay of Angels" have appeared in journals and anthologies.
Stephen McCauley (born June 26, 1955) is an American author.
 He has written six novels, including "Insignificant Others".
 His best known novel is "The Object of My Affection", which was made into a film starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd.
Abdelkrim Ghallab (December 31, 1919, in Fes – August 14, 2017) was a Moroccan political journalist, cultural commentator, and novelist.
 He is an important figure both in the literary and political field (editor of the Istiqlal Party daily al-Alam).
 He studied both at the University of Al-Karaouine in Fez and at the University of Cairo, where he took his M.A. in Arabic literature.
 He is the author of five novels and three collections of short stories.
 His best known novel is "Dafann al-m'd (The buried Past)", 1966.
 According to Simon Gikandi his Arabic style is known for its "graceful and at times scholarly classicism".
