Paul Drake is a fictional private detective in the "Perry Mason" series of murder mystery novels by Erle Stanley Gardner.
 Drake is described as tall and slouching, frequently wearing an expression of droll humor.
 He is friend and right-hand man to Mason, a highly successful criminal defense lawyer in Los Angeles.
Pepe Carvalho is a fictional private detective, the protagonist of a series of novels written by Manuel Vázquez Montalbán.
Michael "Mike" Shayne is a fictional private detective character created during the late 1930s by writer Brett Halliday, a pseudonym of Davis Dresser.
 The character appeared in a series of seven films starring Lloyd Nolan for Twentieth Century Fox, five films from the low-budget Producers Releasing Corporation with Hugh Beaumont, a radio series under a variety of titles between 1944 and 1953, and later in 1960–1961 in a 32-episode NBC television series starring Richard Denning in the title role.
Tam Sventon (Swedish: "Ture Sventon") is a fictional private detective based in Stockholm, the main character in nine well-known Swedish children's books written by Åke Holmberg between 1948 and 1973.
 He is characterized by eating semlas, not being able to pronounce "s" in many situations (for instance, he says "temla" instead of "semla"), and riding on a flying carpet.
Dan Turner, also known as the Hollywood Detective, was a fictional private detective created by Robert Leslie Bellem.
 His first appearance was in the second issue of the pulp magazine "Spicy Detective", dated June 1934, and he continued to appear regularly in that magazine (which was retitled "Speed Detective" in 1943) until its demise in February 1947.
 He also appeared in his "own" magazine, "Hollywood Detective", which was published by Culture Publications (later Trojan Publishing) and ran from January 1942 to October 1950.
Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer is the title used for two syndicated television series that followed the adventures of fictional private detective Mike Hammer.
 The gritty, crime fighting detective—created by American crime author Mickey Spillane—has also inspired several feature films and television films.
Sherlock Holmes ( ) is a fictional private detective created by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Known as a "consulting detective" in the stories, Holmes is known for his proficiency with observation, forensic science, and logical reasoning that borders on the fantastic, which he employs when investigating cases for a wide variety of clients, including Scotland Yard.
Wilsberg is a German TV series based on novels about the fictional private detective Georg Wilsberg.
 A first TV episode was aired in 1995, five years after the release of the first novel, starring Joachim Król.
 Since the second episode (aired more than three years later), Georg Wilsberg is portrayed by Leonard Lansink.
Nick Carter, Master Detective was a Mutual radio crime drama based on tales of the fictional private detective Nick Carter from Street & Smith's dime novels and pulp magazines.
 Nick Carter first came to radio as The Return of Nick Carter, a reference to the character's pulp origins, but the title was soon changed to Nick Carter, Master Detective.
 A veteran radio dramatist, Ferrin Fraser, wrote many of the scripts.
Hazell is a British television series that ran from 1978–1979, about a fictional private detective named James Hazell.
