The French football club SC Bastia in its 1997–98 season finished in the 13th place in the league.
 The top scorer of the season, scoring 9 goals in 5 league matches, wasn Ermin Šiljak.
 The club was eliminated from the Coupe de France round of 64.
 In the Coupe de la Ligue it was able to reach the round of 32 teams.
 It also became the Intertoto Cup winner and advanced to the second round of the UEFA Cup.
Patrick Valéry (born 3 July 1969) is a French footballer born in Brignoles who spent the majority of his playing career playing for AS Monaco.
 He also had spells with Toulouse FC and SC Bastia before joining Blackburn Rovers on a free transfer in June 1997.
 After an unsuccessful spell at Rovers he returned to France, re-joining Bastia in July 1998 for a fee of £80,000.
Lilian Bernard Pierre Nalis (born 29 September 1971) is a French former footballer who played as a midfielder.
 Born in Nogent-sur-Marne, he played in Ligue 1 for Caen, Guingamp, Le Havre and SC Bastia, Serie A for Chievo, the Premier League for Leicester City, and the Football League for Leicester, Sheffield United, Coventry City, Plymouth Argyle and Swindon Town.
French football club SC Bastia's 2006–07 season.
 Finished 9th place in league.
 Top scorer of the season, including 10 goals in 9 league matches have been Pierre-Yves André.
 Was eliminated to Coupe de France end of 64, the Coupe de la Ligue was able to be among the 2.
 tour.
French football club SC Bastia's 2003–04 season.
 Finished 17th place in league.
 Top scorer of the season, including 9 goals in 8 league matches have been Florian Maurice.
 Was eliminated to Coupe de France end of 64, the Coupe de la Ligue was able to be among the final 16 teams.
Éric Cubilier (born May 9, 1979 in Nice) is a French retired footballer.
 He played in the position of right defender and last played for SC Bastia.
 He was a member of the County of Nice national football team at the 2014 ConIFA World Football Cup.
Régis Laguesse (born Montreuil-Bellay 6 January 1950) is a French football coach and former player.
 He played for Angers SCO, SC Bastia and Stade Lavallois in the 1970s.
 He coached Thailand Premier League side BEC Tero Sasana in 2007, until he was replaced by another Frenchman Christophe Larrouilh.
 As of 2014, Laguesse was working as a coach in Congo's Katumbi Académie, a football academy owned by TP Mazembe owner Moïse Katumbi Chapwe.
Thomas Vincensini (born 12 September 1993) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for SC Bastia in Ligue 1.
Yannick Zambernardi (born September 3, 1977, in Ajaccio, France) is a French former professional football player.
 During his career, Zambernardi played for French clubs SC Bastia, Gazélec Ajaccio, AC Ajaccio, Troyes and FC Istres, as well as Hibernian and Dunfermline Athletic in Football in Scotland, and La Louvière in Belgium.
The SC Bastia Reserves and Academy are the reserve team and academy of French football club Bastia.
 The Plaine de l’Igesa serves as the home facility for the club's Reserves and Academy sides, which play their home matches at the Stade Erbajolo and Stade Armand Cesari.
 It is located in the commune of Haute-Corse, located in the western suburbs of Bastia.
 Notable graduates of the academy include Alex Song, Michael Essien, Nicolas Penneteau, Yannick Cahuzac, Wahbi Khazri, Claude Papi and Charles Orlanducci.
 Ghislain Printant was the first director of the training centre.
 Benoît Tavenot and former Bastia and French international player Frédéric Née is the current director.
