The TEC-1 is a single-board kit computer first produced by the Australian hobbyist electronics magazine Talking Electronics in the early 1980s.
 It was based on the Zilog Z80 CPU, had 2K of RAM and 2K of ROM in a default configuration.
 Later versions used a 4k ROM with two different versions of the monitor software selectable via a switch.
 This allowed the early software presented in the magazine to be used with the later version of the TEC-1.
Knight Tyme is a computer game released for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and MSX compatibles in 1986.
 It was published by Mastertronic as part of their Mastertronic Added Dimension label.
 Two versions of the ZX Spectrum release were published: a full version for the 128K Spectrum (which was published first) and a cut-down version for the 48K Spectrum that removed the music, some graphics and some locations (which was published later).
Space Defender is a fixed shooter game for the Apple II computer, created by Daniel Schuyler and published by Bel-Air Software in 1982.
 It requires an Apple II with a minimum of 48K RAM.
The Saturn family of 4-bit microprocessors was developed by Hewlett-Packard in the 1980s for programmable scientific calculators/microcomputers.
 It succeeded the "Nut" family of processors used in earlier calculators.
 The original Saturn chipset was first used in the HP-71B hand-held BASIC-programmable computer, introduced in 1984.
 Later models of the family powered the popular HP 48 series of calculators, among others.
 The HP 49 series initially used the Saturn CPU as well, until the NEC fab could no longer manufacture the processor for technical reasons in 2003.
 Therefore, starting with the HP 49g+ model in 2003, the calculators switched to use a Samsung S3C2410 processor with ARM920T core (part of the ARMv4T architecture) to run an emulator of the Saturn architecture in software.
 In 2000, the HP 39G and HP 40G were the last calculators introduced based on the Saturn hardware.
 The last calculators based on the Saturn emulator were the HP 39gs, HP 40gs and HP 50g in 2006, as well as the 2007 revision of the hp 48gII.
 The HP 50g, the last calculator utilizing this emulator, was discontinued in 2015 when Samsung stopped producing the ARM processor it was based on.
Mugsy is a strategy and management computer game for the 48K ZX Spectrum.
 It was well-received, mainly due to its innovative graphic style, and was followed two years later by a sequel.
The DF-224 is a space-qualified computer used in space missions from the 1980s.
 It was built by Rockwell Autonetics.
 As with many spacecraft computers, the design is very redundant, since servicing in space is at best difficult and often impossible.
 The configuration had three CPUs, one active and two spares.
 The main memory consisted of six memory units, each with 8K 24-bit words of plated wire memory, with up to 48K words total.
 Four memory modules could be powered up at one time, resulting in a maximum of 32K words of available memory, though some applications such as the Hubble Space Telescope used fewer memory banks to allow for graceful failure modes.
 There were three I/O processors, one operational and two backups.
 The power supply consisted of 6 independent power converters, with overlapping coverage of the operating functions.
 The processor used fixed-point arithmetic with a two's complement format.
Hareraiser is a computer game, originally released in 1984 in the UK for most home computer platforms.
 It was released in two parts; "Prelude" and "Finale".
 A prize worth £30,000 was on offer if the game could be solved.
 The game was released on Acorn Electron, Amstrad CPC, BBC Micro Model B, Commodore 64, Commodore VIC-20 EX, Dragon 32, MSX, Oric Atmos 48k and Sinclair ZX Spectrum in 1984 at £8.95 for each part.
Atic Atac is an arcade-adventure video game developed and published by Ultimate Play the Game, released for the ZX Spectrum and the BBC Micro in 1983.
 The game takes place within a castle in which the player must seek out the "Golden Key of ACG" through unlocking doors and avoiding enemies.
 It was Ultimate's second game to require 48K of RAM; most of their previous games for the Spectrum ran on unexpanded 16K models.
Nuclotron is the world's first superconductive synchrotron, exploited by the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna, Russia.
 This particle accelerator is based on a miniature iron-shaped field superconductive magnets, and has a particle energy up to 7 GeV.
 It was built in 1987-1992 as a part of Dubna synchrophasotron modernisation program (the Nuclotron ring follows the outer perimeter of the synchrophasotron ring).
 5 runs of about 1400 hours total duration have been provided by the present time.
 The most important experiments tested the cryomagnetic system of a novel type, and obtained data on nuclear collisions using internal target.
The Dubna 48K (Дубна 48К) is a Soviet clone of the ZX Spectrum home computer.
 It was based on an analogue of the Zilog Z80 microprocessor.
 Its name comes from Dubna, a town near Moscow where it was produced, and "48K" stands for 48 KBs of RAM.
