Ine was King of Wessex from 688 to 726.
 He was unable to retain the territorial gains of his predecessor, Cædwalla, who had brought much of southern England under his control and expanded West Saxon territory substantially.
 By the end of Ine's reign, the kingdoms of Kent, Sussex, and Essex were no longer under West Saxon domination; however, Ine maintained control of what is now Hampshire, and consolidated and extended Wessex's territory in the western peninsula.
Odda, also known as Oddune, was a ninth-century ealdorman of Devon.
 He is known for his victory at the Battle of Cynwit in 878, where his West Saxon forces defeated a Viking army led by Ubba, brother of the Viking chiefs Ivar the Boneless and Halfdan Ragnarsson.
The Dialect Test was created by A.J. Ellis in February 1879, and was used in the fieldwork for his work "On Early English Pronunciation".
 It stands as one of the earliest methods of identifying vowel sounds and features of speech.
 The aim was to capture the main vowel sounds of an individual dialect by listening to the reading of a short passage.
 All the categories of West Saxon words and vowels were included in the test so that comparisons could be made with the historic West Saxon speech as well as with various other dialects.
Bagsecg (also known as Bægsecg or Bagsec) (died 8 January 871) was a Viking leader commonly referred to as a king.
 In 870 or 871 he led The Great Summer Army to England.
 His forces joined those of the Great Danish Army which had already overrun much of England.
 He and Halfdan Ragnarsson became the leaders of a joint invasion of the Kingdom of Wessex.
 He was killed at the Battle of Ashdown, fighting a West Saxon Army led by King Ethelred and his younger brother, the future Alfred the Great.
The Russian Civil War (Russian: Гражда́нская война́ в Росси́и , "Grazhdanskaya voyna v Rossiyi" ; November 1917 – October 1922) was a multi-party war in the former Russian Empire immediately after the Russian Revolutions of 1917, as many factions vied to determine Russia's political future.
 The two largest combatant groups were the Red Army, fighting for the Bolshevik form of socialism led by Vladimir Lenin, and the loosely allied forces known as the White Army, which included diverse interests favoring monarchism, capitalism and alternative forms of socialism, each with democratic and antidemocratic variants.
 In addition, rival militant socialists and nonideological Green armies fought against both the Bolsheviks and the Whites.
 Eight foreign nations intervened against the Red Army, notably the Allied Forces and the pro-German armies.
 The Red Army defeated the White Armed Forces of South Russia in Ukraine and the army led by Admiral Aleksandr Kolchak in Siberia in 1919.
 The remains of the White forces commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel were beaten in Crimea and evacuated in late 1920.
 Lesser battles of the war continued on the periphery for two more years, and minor skirmishes with the remnants of the White forces in the Far East continued well into 1923.
 The war ended in 1923 in the sense that Red control of the newly formed Soviet Union was now assured, although armed national resistance in Central Asia was not completely crushed until 1934.
 There were an estimated 7,000,000–12,000,000 casualties during the war, mostly civilians.
 The Russian Civil War has been described by some as the greatest national catastrophe that Europe had yet seen.
The Tarnogród Confederation was a confederation of szlachta in Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, in the years 1715–1716.
 It was formed on 26 November 1715 in Tarnogród by nobility angered by illegal taxation, levied for Saxon forces operating in Grand Duchy of Lithuania on behalf of Augustus II the Strong, who wanted to introduce absolute monarchy in the Commonwealth.
 Its marshal was Stanisław Ledóchowski.
 The confederates and the royal forces did not fight any decisive battles, but they fought numerous smaller skirmishes; several towns and castles were taken.
 The ensuing negotiations eventually brought Peter I of Russia and Russian Empire forces into the Commonwealth "for peacekeeping and mediation".
 This event marked the beginning of lasting Russian Empire influence on Commonwealth internal affairs, starting with the Silent Sejm of 1717.
The Siege of Béxar (or Bejar) was an early campaign of the Texas Revolution in which a volunteer Texian army defeated Mexican forces at San Antonio de Béxar (now San Antonio, Texas, US).
 Texians had become disillusioned with the Mexican government as President and General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna's tenure became increasingly dictatorial.
 In early October, 1835, Texas settlers gathered in Gonzales to stop Mexican troops from reclaiming a small cannon.
 The resulting skirmish, known as the Battle of Gonzales, launched the Texas Revolution.
 Men continued to assemble in Gonzales and soon established the Texian Army.
 Despite a lack of military training, well-respected local leader General Stephen F. Austin was elected commander.
Æthelwulf (Old English for "Noble Wolf"; died 13 January 858) was King of Wessex from 839 to 858.
 In 825, his father, King Egbert, defeated King Beornwulf of Mercia, ending a long Mercian dominance over Anglo-Saxon England south of the Humber.
 Egbert sent Æthelwulf with an army to Kent, where he expelled the Mercian sub-king and was himself appointed sub-king.
 After 830, Egbert maintained good relations with Mercia, and this was continued by Æthelwulf when he became king in 839, the first son to succeed his father as West Saxon king since 641.
West Saxon was one of four distinct dialects of Old English.
 The three others were Kentish, Mercian and Northumbrian (the latter two were similar and are known as the Anglian dialects).
 West Saxon was the language of the kingdom of Wessex, and was the basis for successive widely used literary forms of Old English: the Early West Saxon of Alfred the Great's time, and the Late West Saxon of the late 10th and 11th centuries.
Frederick Augustus, Count Rutowsky (also written "Rutowski") (Warsaw/Dresden [?]
, 19 June 1702 – Pillnitz, 16 March 1764), was a Saxon Field Marshal who commanded Saxon forces in the Siege of Pirna during the Seven Years' War.
