Jane Marcus (1938–2015) was a pioneering feminist literary scholar, specializing in women writers of the Modernist era, but especially in the social and political context of their writings.
 Focusing on Virginia Woolf, Rebecca West, and Nancy Cunard, among many others, she devised groundbreaking analyses of Woolf's writings, upending a generation of criticism that ignored feminist, pacifist, and socialist themes in much of Woolf's work and critique of imperialism and bourgeois society.
 Marcus's understanding of Woolf's place within the larger context of English literature has become prevailing wisdom today in the fields affected by her theorization and research, despite the controversial nature of her positions when they were originally formulated and how much opposition she garnered from earlier scholars and critics.
The Flash Girls are a now defunct folk music duo based out of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
.
 The duo consisted of Emma Bull, a noted science fiction author, and Lorraine Garland, also known as "The Fabulous Lorraine".
 Garland is also notable as Neil Gaiman's personal assistant; the group formed at a Guy Fawkes Day party at Gaiman's home.
 The connections that both Bull and Garland had with the science fiction and fantasy communities allowed them to have an unusually notable group of people writing songs for and with them, including Jane Yolen, Alan Moore, and Neil Gaiman.
 These songs are mixed in with their own original works, traditional songs such as Star of the County Down and Lily of the West, as well as poems put to music, including works by Dorothy Parker and A.A. Milne.
"The Duchess and the Jeweller" (1938) is a short story by Virginia Woolf.
 Woolf, being an advocate of addressing the "stream of consciousness," shows the thoughts and actions of a greedy jeweller; Woolf makes a thematic point that corrupt people do corrupt actions for purely selfish motives (and often without regret).
 It was first published in British "Harper's Bazaar" Magazine in April 1938 and subsequently published posthumously in 1944 in the collection "A Haunted House and Other Short Stories.
Me!
 I'm Afraid of Virginia Woolf is a 1978 television play by Alan Bennett, produced by London Weekend Television and directed by Stephen Frears.
 The title of the play is a parody of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
", which in turn plays on the title of the Disney song "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?
".
Orlando: A Biography is a novel by Virginia Woolf, first published on 11 October 1928.
 A high-spirited romp inspired by the tumultuous family history of Woolf's lover and close friend, the aristocratic poet and novelist Vita Sackville-West, it is arguably one of Woolf's most popular novels: a history of English literature in satiric form.
 The book describes the adventures of a poet who changes sex from man to woman and lives for centuries, meeting the key figures of English literary history.
 Considered a feminist classic, the book has been written about extensively by scholars of women's writing and gender and transgender studies.
Moments of Being is a collection of posthumously-published autobiographical essays by Virginia Woolf.
 The collection was first found in the papers of her husband, used by Quentin Bell in his biography of Virginia Woolf, published in 1972.
 In 1976, the essays were edited for publication by Jeanne Schulkind.
 The second edition was published in 1985.
 The original texts are now housed at Sussex University and in the British Library in London.
Freshwater is a two-act chamber opera composed by Andy Vores, based on the 1929 comic play by Virginia Woolf.
 Vores received assistance in creating the opera from Quentin Bell, Woolf's nephew and executor, who provided a rarely seen earlier version of the text that served as the inspiration for several passages of the libretto.
Pamela L. Caughie is a professor and graduate program director in the English Department at Loyola University of Chicago.
 As of 2010, she is the president of the Modernist Studies Association.
 Caughie received her PhD from the University of Virginia in 1987.
 She is also a highly acclaimed Virginia Woolf scholar, and in 2010 was granted a National Endowment for the Humanities grant of $175,000 to continue her work on an electronic edition of Woolf's "To the Lighthouse".
"The Mark on the Wall" is the first published story by Virginia Woolf.
 It was published in 1917 as part of the first collection of short stories written by Virginia Woolf and her husband, Leonard Woolf, called "Two Stories".
 It was later published in New York in 1921 as part of another collection entitled "Monday or Tuesday".
Rev Dr "Jane de Gay" is a British academic and lecturer who has earned a reputation as an expert on the life and works of Virginia Woolf.
 Dr de Gay's works on Woolf include a series of articles and a 2006 book, "Virginia Woolf's Novels and the Literary Past", published by Edinburgh University Press.
 Her work has been recognised by the Virginia Woolf Society of Great Britain.
 She has co-edited four books on gender and theatre, including "Languages of Theatre Shaped by Women" (with Lizbeth Goodman).
