The 1972 NBA draft was the 26th annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held on April 10 and 15, 1972 before the 1972–73 season.
 In this draft, 17 NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.
 The first two picks in the draft belonged to the teams that finished last in each conference, with the order determined by a coin flip.
 The Portland Trail Blazers won the coin flip and were awarded the first overall pick, while the Buffalo Braves were awarded the second pick.
 The remaining first-round picks and the subsequent rounds were assigned to teams in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season.
 As a result of last year's supplemental hardship draft, the Cincinnati Royals, the Atlanta Hawks, the Golden State Warriors and the Baltimore Bullets forfeited their first round picks, while the Los Angeles Lakers forfeited their fourth round pick.
 Prior to the start of the season, the Cincinnati Royals relocated and became the Kansas City-Omaha Kings.
 The draft consisted of 18 rounds comprising the selection of 198 players.
The 1970 NBA draft was the 24th annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held on March 23, 1970, before the 1970–71 season.
 In this draft, 17 NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.
 A player who had finished his four-year college eligibility was eligible for selection.
 If a player left college early, he would not be eligible for selection until his college class graduated.
 The first two picks in the draft belonged to the teams that finished last in each division, with the order determined by a coin flip.
 The Detroit Pistons won the coin flip and were awarded the first overall pick, while the San Diego Rockets were awarded the second pick.
 The remaining first-round picks and the subsequent rounds were assigned to teams in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season.
 Three expansion franchises, the Buffalo Braves, the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Portland Trail Blazers, took part in the NBA Draft for the first time and were assigned the seventh, the eighth and the ninth pick in each round.
 In the first round, the Cavaliers had the seventh pick, while the Blazers and the Braves had the eighth and the ninth pick respectively.
 In the subsequent rounds, the Cavaliers and the Braves exchanged their order of selection, while the Blazers had the eighth pick throughout the draft.
 The draft consisted of 19 rounds comprising the selection of 239 players; it holds the record for the most prospects selected in any NBA draft.
Shaun Patrick Livingston (born September 11, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Livingston entered the league directly out of high school after he was selected in the first round of the 2004 NBA draft by the Los Angeles Clippers with the 4th overall pick.
 In 2007, Livingston suffered a debilitating knee injury that damaged almost every part of his left knee, and it took him about a year and a half to return to action.
 Livingston later played for the Miami Heat, Oklahoma City Thunder, Washington Wizards, Charlotte Bobcats, Milwaukee Bucks, Cleveland Cavaliers, and Brooklyn Nets.
 He has also spent time with the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA Development League.
 He is a two-time NBA champion, winning both with Golden State in 2015 and 2017.
The 1980 NBA draft was the 34th annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held on June 10, 1980, before the 1980–81 season.
 In this draft, 23 NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.
 The first two picks in the draft belonged to the teams that finished last in each conference, with the order determined by a coin flip.
 The Boston Celtics, who obtained the Detroit Pistons' first-round pick in a trade, won the coin flip and were awarded the first overall pick, while the Utah Jazz were awarded the second pick.
 The Celtics then traded the first pick to the Golden State Warriors before the draft.
 The remaining first-round picks and the subsequent rounds were assigned to teams in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season.
 An expansion franchise, the Dallas Mavericks, took part in the NBA Draft for the first time and were assigned the eleventh pick in each round.
 A player who had finished his four-year college eligibility was automatically eligible for selection.
 Before the draft, five college underclassmen announced that they would leave college early and would be eligible for selection.
 The draft consisted of 10 rounds comprising the selection of 214 players.
 This draft has the distinction of being the first NBA Draft to be televised.
The 2002 NBA draft was held on June 26, 2002, at The Theater at Madison Square Garden.
 In this draft, National Basketball Association (NBA) teams took turns selecting 57 amateur college basketball players and other first-time eligible players, such as players from non-North American leagues.
 The draft was broadcast on TNT at 7:30 PM (EDT).
 The NBA announced that about 42 college and high school players, and five international players, had filed as early-entry candidates for the draft.
 The Chicago Bulls and the Golden State Warriors both had a 22.5 percent probability of acquiring the first overall pick, but the Houston Rockets, with an 8.9 percent probability, won the NBA draft lottery on May 19.
 The Bulls and Warriors were second and third, respectively.
 As punishment for salary-cap violations during the 2000–01 season, the Minnesota Timberwolves forfeited their first-round draft pick.
The 1976 NBA draft was the 30th annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held on June 8, 1976, before the 1976–77 season.
 In this draft, 18 NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.
 The first two picks in the draft belonged to the teams that finished last in each conference, with the order determined by a coin flip.
 The Atlanta Hawks won the coin flip and were awarded the first overall pick, while the Chicago Bulls were awarded the second pick.
 The Hawks then traded the first pick to the Houston Rockets before the draft.
 The remaining first-round picks and the subsequent rounds were assigned to teams in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season.
 The New York Knicks forfeited their first-round draft pick due to their illegal signing of George McGinnis whose rights were held by the Philadelphia 76ers.
 The 76ers, the Golden State Warriors and the Buffalo Braves also forfeited their second, third and fourth-round pick respectively due to their participation in 1975 supplementary draft American Basketball Association (ABA) players who had never been drafted in the NBA.
 A player who had finished his four-year college eligibility was eligible for selection.
 If a player left college early, he would not be eligible for selection until his college class graduated.
 Before the draft, 26 college underclassmen were declared eligible for selection under the "hardship" rule.
 13 of them withdrew before the draft, leaving only 13 early entry candidates eligible for selection.
 These players had applied and gave evidence of financial hardship to the league, which granted them the right to start earning their living by starting their professional careers earlier.
 The draft consisted of 10 rounds comprising the selection of 173 players.
 On August 8, 1976, the league also hosted a Dispersal draft for ABA players from the Kentucky Colonels and Spirits of St. Louis, who were not included in the ABA–NBA merger.
Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes (born May 30, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He played college basketball for the North Carolina Tar Heels before being selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the 2012 NBA draft with the seventh overall pick.
 Barnes won an NBA championship with the Warriors in 2015.
The 1971 NBA draft was the 25th annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held on March 29 and 30, 1971 before the 1971–72 season.
 In this draft, 17 NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.
 A player who had finished his four-year college eligibility was eligible for selection.
 If a player left college early, he would not be eligible for selection until his college class graduated.
 The first two picks in the draft belonged to the teams that finished last in each conference, with the order determined by a coin flip.
 The Cleveland Cavaliers won the coin flip and were awarded the first overall pick, while the Portland Trail Blazers were awarded the second pick.
 The remaining first-round picks and the subsequent rounds were assigned to teams in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season.
 Prior to the start of the season, the San Diego Rockets and the San Francisco Warriors relocated to Houston, Texas, and Oakland, California, and became the Houston Rockets and Golden State Warriors respectively.
 The draft consisted of 19 rounds comprising the selection of 237 players.
 The league also hosted a supplemental hardship draft on September 20, 1971, for college underclassmen who wish to join the league.
Kevon Grant Looney (born February 6, 1996) is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 As a freshman playing college basketball with the UCLA Bruins, he earned second-team all-conference honors in the Pac-12 in 2014–15.
 After the season, he decided to forgo his college eligibility and enter the 2015 NBA draft, and was subsequently selected in the first round by Golden State with the 30th overall pick.
 He won an NBA championship with the Warriors in 2017.
Klay Alexander Thompson (born February 8, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The son of former NBA player Mychal Thompson, he played college basketball for three seasons at Washington State University, where he was a two-time first-team all-conference selection in the Pac-10.
 Thompson was selected in the first round of the 2011 NBA draft by Golden State with the 11th overall pick.
 In 2014, he and teammate Stephen Curry set a then NBA record with 484 combined three-pointers in a season, as the pair were given the nickname the "Splash Brothers".
 Thompson is a three-time NBA All-Star and a two-time All-NBA Third Team honoree.
 In 2015, he helped lead the Warriors to their first NBA Championship since 1975.
 Thompson helped the Warriors return to the NBA Finals for a third straight year in 2017, winning his second NBA Championship.
