Instant Karma: All-Time Greatest Hits, a three-disc compilation album of music recorded by John Lennon, is a budget release targeted for sale at warehouse-type stores such as Sam's Club and Costco.
 The album was released in 2002 by Timeless/Traditions Alive Music under license from Capitol/EMI Special Projects.
 Disc one, subtitled "The Hits", contained eleven songs that were previously released on singles.
 Disc two, subtitled "Sings Classic Rock 'N' Roll", contained ten cover songs recorded during Lennon's "Rock 'n' Roll" sessions as well as "Blue Suede Shoes" and "Dizzy, Miss Lizzy," which were recorded live in Toronto in 1969.
 Disc three, subtitled "The Classics Live", contained twelve songs recorded live in New York City either in August 1972 with Elephant's Memory at Madison Square Garden or, in the case of "Well (Baby Please Don't Go)," with Frank Zappa and The Mothers of Invention at the Fillmore East in June 1971.
 All thirty-five songs on the album had been previously released.
Lennon Legend: The Very Best of John Lennon is the third official compilation album of John Lennon's solo career, coming after 1975's "Shaved Fish" and 1982's "The John Lennon Collection".
 Because neither collection spanned Lennon's releases up to and including 1984's "Milk and Honey", "Lennon Legend: The Very Best of John Lennon" – considered the definitive Lennon retrospective – was compiled to rectify the situation.
 It was released in the UK in 1997 through Parlophone and early 1998 in the US by EMI Records.
Milk and Honey is an album by John Lennon and Yoko Ono released in 1984.
 Following the compilation "The John Lennon Collection", it is Lennon's eighth and final studio album, and the first posthumous release of new Lennon music, having been recorded in the last months of his life during and following the sessions for their 1980 album "Double Fantasy".
 It was assembled by Yoko Ono in association with the Geffen label.
"My Mummy's Dead" is the closing song on the album "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band" by John Lennon.
 It was also released on a Mexican EP that also contained "Mother", "Isolation" and "Look at Me."
"Isolation" is a 1970 song appearing on John Lennon's first official solo album release, "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band".
 It ends side one of the album, and is the fifth track.
 In the Philippines Apple Records released "Isolation" as the b-side to "Mother", the single off "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band", in contrast to most countries where the b-side was Yoko Ono's "Why."
 It was also released on an EP in Mexico along with "Mother," "Look at Me'" and "My Mummy's Dead."
"I'm Losing You" is a song written by John Lennon and released on his 1980 album "Double Fantasy".
 It was completed in Bermuda in June 1980, after Lennon failed at an attempted telephone call to Yoko Ono.
 The song is also available on the 1982 compilation "The John Lennon Collection", the 1998 boxset "John Lennon Anthology", the one disc compilation "Wonsaponatime", the 2005 two disc compilation "" and in 2010 for the "Gimme Some Truth" album.
 The song was also featured in the 2005 musical "Lennon".
The U.S. vs. John Lennon is a 2006 documentary film about English musician John Lennon's transformation from a member of The Beatles to a rallying anti-war activist striving for world peace during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
 The film also details the attempts by the United States government under President Richard Nixon to silence him.
 The film had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival and its North American premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival.
 It was released in New York City and Los Angeles, California on 15 September 2006, and had a nationwide release on 29 September.
 A soundtrack composed of John Lennon tracks was released by Capitol Records and EMI on 26 September 2006.
"Hold On" is a song from the album "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band" by John Lennon.
 It features only vocals, tremolo guitar, drums, and bass guitar, typical of the sparse arrangements Lennon favoured at the time.
 On the 2000 reissue of "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band", "Hold On" features a slightly longer introduction.
 The original version was restored on the 2010 reissue.
"Life Begins at 40" is a song by John Lennon.
 It was written in 1980, the year that both Lennon and Ringo Starr turned 40 years of age.
 Lennon recorded a demo of the song at his home, but it was not recorded at any of the sessions for his comeback album, "Double Fantasy."
 Instead, he intended to give the song to Starr to record on his own forthcoming album, "Can't Fight Lightning."
 The song's amiable country feel was well suited to Starr's singing style.
 After Lennon's murder in December 1980, those plans were shelved.
 However, Lennon's demo was eventually issued in 1998 on the "John Lennon Anthology" box set.
Rock 'n' Roll is the sixth studio album by John Lennon.
 Released in 1975, it is an album of late 1950s and early 1960s songs as covered by Lennon.
 Recording the album was problematic and spanned an entire year: Phil Spector produced sessions in October 1973 at A&M Studios, and Lennon produced sessions in October 1974 at Record Plant Studios (East).
 Lennon was being sued by Morris Levy over copyright infringement of one line in his song "Come Together".
 As part of an agreement, Lennon had to include three Levy-owned songs on "Rock 'n' Roll".
 Spector disappeared with the session recordings and was subsequently involved in a motor accident, leaving the album's tracks unrecoverable until the beginning of the "Walls and Bridges" sessions.
 With "Walls and Bridges" coming out first, featuring one Levy-owned song, Levy sued Lennon expecting to see Lennon's "Rock 'n' Roll" album.
