The Iowa State Cyclones college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), and represents the Iowa State University in the Big 12 Conference (Big 12).
 ISU has had 123 players drafted into the National Football League (NFL) since the first draft held in 1936, through the 2016 NFL Draft.
 ISU has only seen one player taken in the first round, George Amundson with the 14th overall pick in the 1973 NFL Draft by the Houston Oilers.
 Troy Davis was drafted in the third round of the 1997 NFL draft by the New Orleans Saints, he has since been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
 Kelechi Osemele was drafted in the second round of the 2012 NFL draft by the Baltimore Ravens; he went on to win Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens as their starting right tackle.
 Six former Cyclones who were drafted have been selected to a Pro Bowl or AFL All-Star Game.
Arrowhead Stadium is a football stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, United States, that primarily serves as the home venue of the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL).
 It is part of the Truman Sports Complex with adjacent Kauffman Stadium, the home of the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 Arrowhead has a seating capacity of 76,416, making it the 28th largest stadium in North America and sixth largest NFL stadium.
 It is also the largest sports facility by capacity in the state of Missouri.
 A $375 million renovation was completed in 2010.
The Harry S. Truman Sports Complex is a sports and entertainment facility located in Kansas City, Missouri.
 It is home to two major sports venues: Arrowhead Stadium—home of the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs, and Kauffman Stadium—home of Major League Baseball's Kansas City Royals.
 The complex also hosts various other events during the year.
The 1973 NFL season was the 54th regular season of the National Football League.
 The season featured O.J. Simpson becoming the first player to rush for 2,000 yards in one season.
 Buffalo moved their home games into Rich Stadium.
 After playing their first two home games at Yankee Stadium, the New York Giants played the rest of their home games at the Yale Bowl.
 The season ended with Super Bowl VIII when the Miami Dolphins repeated as league champions by defeating the Minnesota Vikings 24-7 at the Rice Stadium in Houston Texas.
 The Pro Bowl took place on January 20,1974 at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri.
 The AFC beat the NFC 15-13.
The 1970 NFL season was the 51st regular season of the National Football League, and the first one after the AFL–NFL merger.
 The season concluded with Super Bowl V when the Baltimore Colts beat the Dallas Cowboys 16-13 at the Miami Orange Bowl.
 The Pro Bowl took place on January 24, 1971, where the NFC beat the AFC 27-6 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
The 1971 NFL season was the 52nd regular season of the National Football League.
 The season ended with Super Bowl VI when the Dallas Cowboys defeated the Miami Dolphins 24-3 at Tulane Stadium.
 The Pro Bowl took place on January 23, 1972 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
 The AFC beat the NFC 26-13.
The 2013 Trinidad and Tobago Pro Bowl was the ninth season of the "Digicel Pro Bowl", which is a knockout football tournament for Trinidad and Tobago teams competing in the TT Pro League.
 For the third consecutive season, the Pro Bowl concluded the Pro League calendar.
 Additionally, for the second year the winner of the Pro Bowl was invited to compete in the Digicel Charity Shield to open the 2013–14 Pro League season.
 Defence Force entered as the Pro Bowl holders having defeated Caledonia AIA by a score of 5–2 in the 2012 final in Hasely Crawford Stadium.
 The competition commenced on 17 May with all eight Pro League teams competing in single elimination beginning in the quarterfinals and concluded on 29 May with the final.
Ulsan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Ulsan Sports Complex, Ulsan, South Korea.
 Originally there was Ulsan Civic Stadium.
 In 2003, the City of Ulsan demolished the old stadium, which opened in 1970.
 Then, they built the Ulsan Sports Complex.
 Ulsan Sports Complex consist of the Ulsan Stadium and Dongchun Gymnasium.
 Ulsan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium which is mainly used for football; it was the home ground of the Ulsan Hyundai before they moved to Ulsan Munsu Football Stadium in 2001 and was the home stadium of Ulsan Hyundai Mipo Dockyard between 2005 and 2016.
 The stadium has a capacity for 19,471 spectators.
The 2014 Trinidad and Tobago Pro Bowl is the tenth season of the "Digicel Pro Bowl", which is a knockout football tournament for Trinidad and Tobago teams competing in the TT Pro League.
 For the fourth consecutive season, the Pro Bowl concluded the Pro League calendar.
 Additionally, for the third year the winner of the Pro Bowl was invited to compete in the Digicel Charity Shield to open the 2014–15 Pro League season.
 W Connection entered as the Pro Bowl holders having defeated North East Stars by a score of 4–3 in a penalty shootout after the match ended in 0–0 in regulation during the 2013 final in Hasely Crawford Stadium.
 The competition commenced on 2 May with all nine Pro League teams competing in single elimination beginning with the qualifying round and concluded on 23 May with the final.
Kauffman Stadium ( ), often called "The K", is a baseball park located in Kansas City, Missouri, that is home to the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 It is part of the Truman Sports Complex together with the adjacent Arrowhead Stadium, home of the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League.
 The ballpark is named for Ewing Kauffman, the founder and first owner of the Royals.
 It opened in 1973 as Royals Stadium and was named for Kauffman on July 2, 1993.
 The ballpark's listed seating capacity since 2009 is 37,903.
