Rincon Valley is a valley through which the Rio Grande flows in New Mexico.
 Rincon Valley heads at at an elevation of 4,195 feet in a narrow gap between the Caballo Mountains on the east and bluffs on the west bank of the Rio Grande south of where Red Canyon meets the river, in Sierra County, New Mexico.
 Its mouth is at an elevation of 3,973 feet / 1,211 meters where it emerges from a narrow canyon between the Selden Hills on the northeast bank of the river and Robledo Mountains on the southwest bank, into the Mesilla Valley at Radium Springs in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Mesilla Valley Bosque State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, preserving a riverside forest (a bosque) along the Rio Grande.
 The park is located near Las Cruces and just west of Mesilla.
 The park itself encompasses approximately 305 acre , at an elevation of 3900 ft .
The Mesilla Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area located primarily in the state of New Mexico with a small area in the state of Texas.
 Spanish explorer Don Juan de Oñate arrived in the area in 1598 and named a Native American village in the valley "Trenquel de la Mesilla", from which the valley as a whole became known as Mesilla Valley.
 Although viticulture began in nearby El Paso as early as 1650, grapes were first planted in the Mesilla Valley only in the early twentieth century, near the town of Doña Ana.
 The climate in the Mesilla Valley is dry and hot.
The Basilica of San Albino, formerly known as San Albino Church of Mesilla, is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Cruces and is located in Mesilla, New Mexico.
 It has the distinction of having originally been established in Mexico, but it is now located in the United States as a result of a transfer of territory in the Gadsden Purchase.
 The first church on the site was built in 1852; the current structure was built in 1906, and is one of the oldest churches in the region.
 Daily masses are held in both Spanish and English.
The Butterfield Overland Mail was a transport and mail delivery system that employed stagecoaches that traveled on a specific route between Saint Louis, Missouri and San Francisco, California and which passed through the New Mexico Territory.
 It was created by the United States Congress on March 3, 1857, and operated until March 30, 1861.
 The route that was operated extended from where the ferry across the Colorado River to Fort Yuma Station, California was located, through New Mexico Territory via, Tucson to the Rio Grande and Mesilla, New Mexico then south to Franklin, Texas, midpoint on the route.
 The New Mexico Territory mail route was divided into two divisions each under a superintendent.
 Tucson was the headquarters of the 3rd Division of the Butterfield Overland Mail Company.
 Franklin Station in the town of Franklin, (now El Paso, Texas), was headquarters of the 4th Division.
KMVR (104.9 FM, "Magic 105") is a radio station licensed to serve Mesilla Park, New Mexico.
 The station is owned by Bravo Mic Communications, LLC.
 It airs a Hot Adult Contemporary music format featuring artists such as Nelly Furtado, Duran Duran, The Fray, The Cure, Green Day, Madonna, Lifehouse, and others.
 Its sister stations are KOBE, KVLC, KXPZ.
 KMVR-FM broadcasts on 104.9 from Mesilla Park NM.
 The Format is Hot Mod AC and has the slogan "Your Favorite Music" The core artists include Adele, Maroon 5, Bruno Mars, Kelly Clarkson, Train & fun.
The First Battle of Mesilla, was fought on July 25, 1861 at Mesilla in New Mexico Territory, in present-day Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Mesilla (also known as La Mesilla and Old Mesilla) is a town in Doña Ana County, New Mexico, United States.
 The population was 2,196 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Las Cruces Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Mesilla Park is a neighborhood located on the south side of Las Cruces, New Mexico, United States.
 Residents of Mesilla founded the community through a land company in 1887, shortly after Las Cruces became the county seat of Doña Ana County.
 At the time, it was an independent settlement, though it was eventually annexed by Las Cruces.
 The neighborhood adjoins University Park, the site of New Mexico State University, and it grew after the university was founded in 1889.
 Mesilla Park still has its own post office with ZIP code 88047, which opened in 1892.
Norfleet Giddings Bone (1892–1978) was a landscape architect and civil engineer whose career in the military and the private sector spanned nearly five decades.
 He was born in Gainesville, Texas, but received his secondary education and first college degree in New Mexico.
 In 1911, he graduated from the preparatory department of the New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts (New Mexico A&M) in Mesilla Park.
 He continued on at New Mexico A&M and received a Bachelor of Science degree in civil engineering in 1915.
