The Long Time Gone Tour was the fourth headlining tour by American country group, Dixie Chicks.
"Foreplay/Long Time" is a song written by Tom Scholz and first performed by the rock band Boston on the band's eponymous debut album, and as their second single, on Epic Records in 1976.
 It combines an instrumental introduction, "Foreplay", to the main song "Long Time", generally played as one on the radio and listed as one track on the album.
 "Long Time" peaked at No. 22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 the week ending March 5, 1977.
 It reached the Top 10 in Canada, peaking at No. 9.
 The standalone "Foreplay" was released as the B-side of Boston's next single "Peace of Mind", which was released in April.
Highway Call is the debut album by Dickey Betts (under the name Richard Betts) of The Allman Brothers Band.
 It was recorded in 1974 in Macon, Georgia at Capricorn Studios.
 On this album, Betts further develops and perfects the country sound that emerged on the Allman's 1973 album "Brothers and Sisters".
 The standout tracks are "Long Time Gone", "Highway Call", and the extended country jam "Hand Picked".
 Guest musicians include Vassar Clements on fiddle and Jeff Hanna on acoustic guitar.
 The album peaked at #19 on Billboard's "Pop Albums" chart in 1974.
"Long Time Gone" is a country song by Darrell Scott, originally recorded by him on his 2000 album "Real Time" which Scott recorded together with Tim O'Brien.
"Summer Time Gone" is Mai Kuraki's thirty-fourth single, released on August 31, 2010.
"Brother Jukebox" is a song written by Paul Craft.
 It was originally recorded by Don Everly, one-half of The Everly Brothers, in 1977 and reached number 96 on the country singles charts.
 It was later covered by Keith Whitley on "I Wonder Do You Think of Me" and by Mark Chesnutt on his 1990 debut album "Too Cold at Home".
 Released in November 1990 as the album's second single, it became his first Number One country hit in the United States.
 It was also recorded by John Starling on his 1977 album "Long Time Gone".
The Andy Griffith Show is an American situation comedy which aired on CBS from October 3, 1960, to September 6, 1971, with a total of 327 half-hour episodes spanning over 11 seasons, first in black and white and then in color, which partially originated from an episode of "The Danny Thomas Show".
 It originally starred Andy Griffith in the role of Andy Taylor, the widowed sheriff of the fictional small community of Mayberry, North Carolina.
 Other major characters include Andy's inept but well-meaning deputy, who is also his cousin, Barney Fife (Don Knotts); Andy's spinster aunt and housekeeper, "Aunt" Bee Taylor (Frances Bavier), and Andy's precocious young son, Opie (Ron Howard).
 Eccentric townspeople and temperamental girlfriends complete the cast.
 Regarding the tone of the show, Griffith said that despite a contemporary setting, the show evoked nostalgia, stating in a "Today Show" interview: "Well, though we never said it, and though it was shot in the '60s, it had a feeling of the '30s.
 It was, when we were doing it, of a time gone by."
A chronosequence (in forest sciences) is a set of forested sites that share similar attributes but are of different ages.
 Since many processes in forest ecology take a long time (decades or centuries) to develop, chronosequence methods are used to represent and study the time-dependent development of a forest.
 Field data from a chronosequence can be collected in a short period of several months.
 For example, chronosequences are often used to study the changes in plant communities during succession.
 A classic example of using chronosequences to study ecological succession is in the study of plant and microbial succession in recently deglactiated zones.
 For example, a study from 2005 used the distance from the nose of a glacier as a proxy for site age.
38 Special is the first studio album by the southern rock band, 38 Special, released in 1977 on A&M, their first of many for the label.
 It was remastered and reissued on the Lemon record label in 2003.
 Two singles, "Long Time Gone" (A&M 1946-S) and "Tell Everybody" (A&M 1964-S), were released, but neither charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
"I'll Be Lovin' U Long Time" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey, taken from her eleventh studio album, "E=MC²" (2008).
 It was written by Carey, Aldrin Davis, Crystal Johnson and Clifford Harris, and produced by the former two.
 As the song's hook and instrumentation is derived from sampling DeBarge's "Stay with Me", Mark DeBarge and Etterlene Jordan also share songwriting credits.
 "I'll Be Lovin' U Long Time" was released as the album's third single in the United States, Australasia and select European countries on July 1, 2008.
 Drawing influence from pop, soul and R&B music genres, and featuring a piano and keyboard-driven melody, the song's lyrics demonstrate the lengths the protagonist will go for her lover, and how she will be 'lovin' him long time'.
