Defendant () is a South Korean television series starring Ji Sung with Um Ki-joon, Kwon Yu-ri, Oh Chang-seok and Uhm Hyun-kyung.
 It aired on SBS from January 23 to March 21, 2017 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 22:00 (KST) for 18 episodes.
Doris Young Siew Keen (born November 25, 1959 in Singapore) is a Singaporean actress.
 Given the stage name Marrie Lee, she made her film debut at age 18, portraying the title character in 1978's "They Call Her Cleopatra Wong", a martial arts film about a female Interpol agent written and directed by Bobby A. Suarez.
 She reprised the role in 1979's "Dynamite Johnson", in which she was teamed up with the 10-year-old Singaporean tae kwon do practitioner, Johnson Yap, from "Bionic Boy", a 1978 film written by Suarez, and "The Devil's Three", in which Cleopatra Wong leads an all-female team of crimefighters in the Philippines.
9-man (also nine-man, nineman, 9man) is a team sport with some characteristics of volleyball utilizing nine players per side and a slightly larger court (10 by 20 meters).
 Historically, the sport was played by Chinese immigrants to the US, who predominantly hailed from Toisan (Taishan) city in Guangdong province of China.
 In the late 1930s the sport was used as a means to socially connect the laborers in Chinatowns across the United States.
 Teams from Boston and Providence, RI held the first organized nine-man tournament in 1938 which later spread to Chinatowns in other large US and Canadian cities.
 The North American version of 9-Man continues to grow today with a popular rotating tournament called the NACIVT uniting thousands of players and spectators each September over Labor Day weekend.
 It is unclear whether the sport was also played in the Asian Games in 1958 and in 1962 held in Tokyo and Jakarta, respectively, or if they were simply playing volleyball with nine players.
 The sport has not made a reappearance in the Asian Games since, and many believe that the rules of nine-man are exclusive to the community that plays in North America.
 The sport is the subject of an award-winning documentary called 9-Man that was completed in 2014 and had its world premiere at IFFBoston on April 27, 2014 at 1pm.
 The film was broadcast on the PBS World Channel series America ReFramed on May 5, 2015.
Lee Jin (born March 21, 1980) is a South Korean actress.
 She made her entertainment debut as a member of the K-pop girl group Fin.K.L, along with Lee Hyori, Ock Joo-hyun, and Sung Yu-ri.
 After Fin.K.L disbanded, Lee became an actress.
Sung Yu-ri (born March 3, 1981) is a German-born South Korean actress and singer.
 She made her entertainment debut in 1998 as a member of the now-defunct K-pop group Fin.K.L.
 Sung turned to acting in 2002, starring in television dramas such as "Thousand Years of Love" (2003), "The Snow Queen" (2006), "Hong Gil-dong" (2008), and "Feast of the Gods" (2010).
Worst Woman () is a 2016 South Korean romance melodrama film starring Han Ye-ri, Ryo Iwase, Lee Hee-joon and Kwon Yul.
 A feature debut by Kim Jong-kwan, it depicts the romantic happenings about a young woman and three men she meets in a day.
 It made its debut at the 17th Jeonju International Film Festival and received the FIRESCI Award at the 38th Moscow International Film Festival in 2016.
Kwon Yu-ri (born December 5, 1989), better known by the mononym Yuri, is a South Korean singer and actress.
 She debuted as a member of girl group Girls' Generation in August 2007, who went on to be one of the best-selling artists in South Korea and one of South Korea's most popular girl groups worldwide.
 Apart from her group's activities, she has been in several television dramas such as "Fashion King" (2012), "Neighborhood Hero" (2016), the web drama "Gogh, The Starry Night" and "Defendant" (2017).
 In 2013, she made her film debut in "No Breathing".
A sports film is a film genre that uses sport as the theme of a film.
 The sports film is a production in which a sport, sporting event, athlete (and their sport), or follower of sport (and the sport they follow) are prominently featured, and which depend on sport to a significant degree for their plot motivation or resolution.
 Despite this, sport is ultimately rarely the central concern of such films and sport performs primarily an allegorical role.
 Furthermore, sports fans are not necessarily the target demographic in such movies, but sports fans tend to have a large following or respect for such movies.
Kwon Se-in (born June 29, 1982), better known as Kwon Yul actor.
 He made his acting debut with a leading role in the 2007 high school sitcom "Mackerel Run".
 Kwon is best known for his roles as Seo Ji-seok on the daily soap opera "Angel's Revenge" (2014), in the blockbuster period film "" (2014), and more recently as Lee Sang-woo in the hit romantic comedy series "Let's Eat 2" (2015).
 In 2017, Kwon starred in legal thriller drama "Whisper" alongside actress Lee Bo Young and Lee Sang-yoon.
The Color Purple is a 1985 American period drama film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Menno Meyjes, based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Alice Walker.
 It was Spielberg's eighth film as a director, and was a change from the summer blockbusters for which he had become famous.
 The film was also the first feature-length film directed by Spielberg for which John Williams did not compose the music.
 The film starred Danny Glover, Desreta Jackson, Margaret Avery, Oprah Winfrey (in her film debut), Adolph Caesar, Rae Dawn Chong, and featured Whoopi Goldberg (also in her film debut) as Celie Harris-Johnson.
