Sir Lenox Hewitt {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 7 May 1917) is a retired senior Australian public servant.
 He served the Commonwealth in various capacities for over 40 years (1939–80), principally as Secretary of the Prime Minister's Department under John Gorton (Liberal) 1968-71, and Secretary of the Department of Minerals and Energy under Rex Connor (Labor) 1972-75.
 He later also served the governments of New South Wales and Western Australia.
 He remains active in public policy debate.
Roger Francis Shipton, OAM (5 August 1936 – 18 January 1998) was an Australian politician.
 In 1975 he succeeded former Prime Minister Sir John Gorton as the Liberal Party member of the Australian House of Representatives for the Division of Higgins.
Baron Stanmore, of Great Stanmore in the County of Middlesex, was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1893 for the colonial administrator the Hon. Sir Arthur Hamilton-Gordon.
 He was the youngest son of the former Prime Minister George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen (see Marquess of Aberdeen and Temair for earlier history of the family).
 His only son, the second Baron, served as a Government Whip from 1914 to 1922 and as Chief Liberal Whip in the House of Lords from 1923 to 1944.
 However, Lord Stanmore never married and the title became extinct on his death in 1957.
The 1968 Australian Film Awards (known retroactively as the Australian Film Institute Awards) ceremony, presented by the Australian Film Institute (AFI), honoured the best feature and non-feature films of 1969, and took place on 2 December 1969 at National Library Theatre, in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.
 Australian Prime Minister John Gorton hosted the ceremony.
 During the ceremony the Australian Film Institute presented two gold, nine silver and bronze prizes, four special awards and certificates for twelve honourable mentions.
Bettina Gorton (23 June 1915 2 October 1983) was the American-born wife of John Gorton, Prime Minister of Australia 1968-71.
Federal elections were held in Australia on 25 October 1969.
 All 125 seats in the House of Representatives were up for election.
 The incumbent Liberal Party of Australia led by Prime Minister of Australia John Gorton with coalition partner the Country Party led by John McEwen (who had also served as Prime Minister for three weeks after Harold Holt's disappearance) defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Gough Whitlam.
 Even though Labor lost, the election was seen as a good result for the party as it made significant gains against the Coalition.
The Swedish constitution of 1974 allows the Prime Minister of Sweden to appoint one of the Ministers in the cabinet as Deputy Prime Minister ("biträdande statsminister", also unofficially known as "vice statsminister", "Vice Prime Minister"), in case the Prime Minister for some reason is prevented from performing his or her duties.
 However, if a Deputy Prime Minister has not been appointed, the Minister in the cabinet who has served the longest time (and if there are several with equal experience the one who is oldest) takes over as head of government.
 Note that the person acting as Prime Minister does not do so on a permanent basis: if a Prime Minister dies, resigns or loses a vote of confidence in the Riksdag, the Speaker of the Riksdag will then confer with the parties of the Riksdag and propose a new Prime Minister, who must be tolerated by a majority of the Riksdag.
 If the Prime Minister has resigned or lost a vote of confidence, he or she will remain the head of a government "ad interim" until the new Prime Minister assumes his or her office.
 The only case where the governmental line of succession becomes relevant is when the Prime Minister dies (upon which the person next in the line of succession serves as the head of a government "ad interim") or when the Prime Minister is on leave or for any other reason incapable of serving, but still remains in office.
 This might be compared to the Presidential line of succession in the United States, where the person next in line assumes the Presidency throughout the remainder of the term if the President dies, resigns or is impeached.
Sir John Grey Gorton {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (9 September 1911 – 19 May 2002) was the 19th Prime Minister of Australia and long serving minister in the governments of Sir Robert Menzies, Harold Holt, Sir John McEwen and Sir William McMahon.
The Gorton Government refers to the federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister John Gorton.
 It was made up of members of a Liberal Party of Australia-Country Party of Australia coalition in the Australian Parliament from January 1968 to March 1971.
Edward Henry St John QC (pr: Sinj'n) (15 August 191624 October 1994) was a prominent Australian barrister, anti-nuclear activist and Liberal politician in the 1960s.
 His political career came to a controversial end after he criticised the Prime Minister John Gorton.
 His book "A Time to Speak" was an account of his eventful three years in politics from 1966 to 1969.
 Justice Michael Kirby described St John as a "contradictory, restless, reforming spirit".
