Hassan Ghul (Arabic: حسان غول‎ ‎ ), born Mustafa Hajji Muhammad Khan, was a Pakistani or Saudi Arabian member of al-Qaeda who revealed the "kunya" of Osama Bin Laden's messenger, which eventually led to Operation Neptune Spear and the death of Osama Bin Laden.
Osama bin Laden, the founder and head of the Islamist group Al-Qaeda, was killed in Pakistan on May 2, 2011, shortly after 1:00 am PKT (20:00 UTC, May 1) by United States Navy SEALs of the U.S. Naval Special Warfare Development Group (also known as DEVGRU or SEAL Team Six).
 The operation, code-named Operation Neptune Spear, was carried out in a CIA-led operation, with Joint Special Operations Command, commonly known as JSOC, coordinating the Special Mission Units involved in the raid.
 In addition to SEAL Team Six, participating units under JSOC included the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment (Airborne), aka "Night Stalkers," and operators from the CIA's Special Activities Division, which recruits heavily from former JSOC Special Mission Units.
 The operation ended a nearly 10-year search for bin Laden, following his role in the September 11, 2001 attacks on the US.
The United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group (NSWDG), commonly known as DEVGRU or SEAL Team Six is the U.S. Navy component of Joint Special Operations Command.
 It is often referred to within JSOC as "Task Force Blue".
 DEVGRU is administratively supported by Naval Special Warfare Command and operationally commanded by the Joint Special Operations Command.
 Most information concerning DEVGRU is classified, and details of its activities are not usually commented on by either the White House or the Department of Defense.
 Despite the official name changes, "SEAL Team Six" remains the unit's widely recognized moniker.
 It is sometimes referred to in the U.S. media as a Special Mission Unit.
The 75th Ranger Regiment's Regimental Reconnaissance Company (formerly known as Regimental Reconnaissance Detachment/RRD) is an elite special operations force that is rumored to be the newest operational member of the Joint Special Operations Command.
 The unit is believed to have become part of JSOC in 2007 due to its extensive training and unique capabilities to conduct special reconnaissance and close target reconnaissance (CTR) operations, and advanced force operations (AFO).
 It is often referred as a Special Mission Unit (SMU).
The Fuerzas Especiales del Alto Mando ("Special Forces High Command") is the principal Mexican Army Tier 1 Special Mission Unit for counter-terrorist operations .
 It's a group with no more than 150 operators, most of their operators come from the Mexican Army Special Forces Corps.
 After the selection process are specially trained in counter-terrorist tactics, advance force operations and personal security detail operations.
 The unit's principal mission is carry out the most delicate national security operations ordered directly by the President and the Secretary of National Defense.
The 1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta (1st SFOD-D), commonly referred to as Delta Force, Combat Applications Group (CAG), "The Unit", Army Compartmented Element (ACE), or within JSOC as Task Force Green, is an elite special mission unit of the United States Army, under operational control of the Joint Special Operations Command.
 The unit is tasked with specialized missions primarily involving hostage rescue and counterterrorism, as well as direct action and special reconnaissance against high-value targets. Delta Force and its maritime counterpart, the U.S. Navy's SEAL Team Six (also known as "DEVGRU"), are the U.S. military's primary counterterrorism units.
 Delta Force and DEVGRU perform the most highly complex, classified, and dangerous missions in the U.S. military, as directed by the U.S. National Command Authority.
Situation Room is a photograph taken by White House photographer Pete Souza in its namesake, the White House Situation Room, at 4:06 pm on May 1, 2011.
 The photograph shows President of the United States Barack Obama along with his national security team, receiving live updates from Operation Neptune Spear, which led to the killing of Osama bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda.
G.I. Joe is the code name of an elite covert special mission unit operating under the control of the United States Military in the fictional G.I. Joe universe.
The term Special Mission Unit or Special Missions Unit (SMU) is used to describe some elite special operations forces around the world.
 The term has been applied to the Australian Defence Force's Special Air Service Regiment and five United States special operations forces units.
 Special mission units have been involved in high profile military operations such as the death of Osama Bin Laden and capture of Saddam Hussein.
Mission Detroit was a pre-dawn glider-borne combat assault in the American airborne landings in Normandy, made by elements of the U.S. 82nd Airborne Division on the early morning of June 6, 1944, during World War II.
 It was part of Operation Neptune, the assault portion of the Allied invasion of Normandy, Operation Overlord.
 Originally slated to be the main assault for the 82nd Airborne, the glider operation instead became the first reinforcement mission after the main parachute combat assault, Mission Boston.
 The landing zone for mission Detroit was near Sainte-Mère-Église, to the west of Utah Beach.
