"Dexter", or "Pilot", is the pilot episode of the first season television drama series "Dexter", which premiered on October 1, 2006 on Showtime in the United States.
 The episode was written by developer James Manos, Jr. and directed by Michael Cuesta.
 It was based on the opening of the novel "Darkly Dreaming Dexter" by Jeff Lindsay.
 The pilot introduces the series' protagonist, Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall), a Miami Metro Police Department blood spatter analyst with a double life as a serial killer.
 While solving murders in the Homicide division, Dexter also spends his time hunting and killing murderers and criminals who have escaped the justice system.
 The pilot introduces the "Ice Truck Killer", a serial killer who targets prostitutes and leaves their bodies dismembered and bloodless, and the rivalry that develops between the killer and Dexter.
Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer is a 1986 American psychological horror crime film directed and co-written by John McNaughton about the random crime spree of a serial killer who seemingly operates with impunity.
 It stars Michael Rooker as the nomadic killer Henry, Tom Towles as Otis, a prison buddy with whom Henry is living, and Tracy Arnold as Becky, Otis's sister.
 The characters of Henry and Otis are loosely based on real life serial killers Henry Lee Lucas and Ottis Toole.
The Sun Hill Serial Killer was a major storyline from ITV's cop show "The Bill".
 Known originally as the "River Murders", the storyline spanned several months in 2002 and served as the exit for popular cast regular Cass Rickman (played by Suzanne Maddock).
 It was the first of several serial killer storylines from the show.
 Events came to a head in the New Year of 2003, when Acting DI Samantha Nixon discovers the truth and is taken hostage by the serial killer, before a final confrontation in which she is overpowered by DC Duncan Lennox, charged and thrown into the cells at Sun Hill Station.
Harvey Miguel Robinson (born December 6, 1974) is an American serial killer who is a prisoner on death row in Pennsylvania.
 He is one of the youngest serial killers in American history.
 He was 18 years old when he was apprehended for his crimes.
 He is also the first serial killer in the history of Allentown, Pennsylvania.
Charles Edmund Cullen (born February 22, 1960) is a former nurse who is the most prolific serial killer in New Jersey history and is suspected to be the most prolific serial killer in American history.
 He confessed to authorities that he killed up to 40 patients during the course of his 16-year nursing career.
 But in subsequent interviews with police, psychiatric professionals, and journalists Charles Graeber and Steve Kroft, it became clear that he had killed many more, whom he could not specifically remember by name, though he could often remember details of their case.
 Experts have estimated that Charles Cullen may ultimately be responsible for 400 deaths, which would make him the most prolific serial killer in American history.
Cold North Killers: Canadian Serial Murder is a 2012 Canadian non-fiction book written by Lee Mellor and published by Dundurn Press.
 It documents the lives of sixty Canadian serial killers, with the earliest being Edward H. Rulloff and the most recent being Russell Williams.
 The book uses Katherine Ramsland's interpretation of what constitutes a serial killer—someone who has killed at least two people on two separate occasions, and who attempted to or likely would have killed again—as outlined in her 2007 book "The Human Predator".
 "Cold North Killer's" own definition of what constitutes a Canadian serial killer includes both Canadians who committed murder abroad (such as Keith Hunter Jesperson and Gordon Stewart Northcott) and non-Canadians who committed murder in Canada (like William Dean Christenson and Earle Nelson).
Yang Xinhai (; 29 July 1968 – 14 February 2004), also known as Yang Zhiya, and Yang Liu, was a Chinese serial killer who confessed to committing 67 murders and 23 rapes between 1999 and 2003, and was sentenced to death and executed for 67.
 He was dubbed the "Monster Killer" by the media.
 He is the most prolific known serial killer China has seen.
My Brother the Serial Killer is a 2012 American television documentary about serial killer Glen Rogers, otherwise known as the "Casanova Killer", who was convicted for a series of murders and arsons.
 The documentary was narrated by Rogers' brother Clay Rogers and aired on Investigation Discovery in November 2012.
 "My Brother the Serial Killer" received widespread media attention for Clay's claims that his brother was responsible for the 1994 murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Lyle Goldman.
Edward Joseph Leonski (December 12, 1917 – November 9, 1942) was an American soldier and serial killer responsible for the strangling murders of three women in Melbourne, Australia.
 Leonski was known as the "Brownout Strangler", given Melbourne's wartime status of keeping low lighting (not as stringent as a wartime blackout).
 His self-confessed motive for the killings was a twisted fascination with female voices, especially when they were singing, and his claim that he killed the women to "get at their voices."
Luis Alfredo Garavito Cubillos, also known as "La Bestia" ("The Beast") or "Tribilín" (named after Disney character "Goofy"'s Latin American Spanish name) is a Colombian rapist and serial killer.
 In 1999, he admitted to the rape, torture and murder of 147 young boys.
 His victims, based on the locations of skeletons listed on maps that Garavito drew in prison, could eventually exceed 300; Garavito continues to confess to more murders.
 He has been described by local media as "the world's worst serial killer".
 According to the Attorney General's Office and various judicial bodies, Luis Alfredo Garavito is the "second serial killer of the world."
 Likewise, the judicial body ruled that all Garavito's sentences total 1853 years and nine days in jail.
