In the philosophy of language a proper name, for example the names of persons or places, is a name which is ordinarily taken to uniquely identify its referent in the world.
 As such it presents particular challenges for theories of meaning and it has become a central problem in analytical philosophy.
 The common sense view was originally formulated by John Stuart Mill in "A System of Logic" where he defines it as "a word that answers the purpose of showing what thing it is that we are talking about but not of telling anything about it".
 This view was criticized when philosophers applied principles of formal logic to linguistic propositions.
 Gottlob Frege pointed out that proper names may apply to imaginary and inexistent entities without becoming meaningless, and he showed that sometimes more than one proper name may identify the same entity without having the same "sense", so that the phrase "Homer believed the morning star was the evening star" could be meaningful and not tautological in spite of the fact that the morning star and the evening star identifies the same referent.
 This example became known as Frege's Puzzle and is a central issue in the theory of proper names.
Collis (plural: colles, from the Latin word for "hill") is a small hill or knob on a celestial body.
 The term is used in planetary nomenclature: it is a part of international proper names of such features.
 Like other generic terms, it is capitalized and stands after the proper name (for example, "Bilbo Colles"; the only exception is "Colles Nili" on Mars).
 As of 2015, only groups of the hills have names, and the term is used only in plural.
In Chinese writing, a proper name mark (Simplified Chinese: 专名号, zhuānmínghào; Traditional Chinese: 專名號) is an underline used to mark proper names, such as the names of people, places, dynasties, organizations.
 The related book name mark (Simplified Chinese: 书名号, shūmínghào; Traditional Chinese: 書名號)， indicated by a wavy underline (﹏﹏) is used to mark the titles of publications or texts.
In Somali society, each individual has a given name.
 Sometimes it is presented along with the father's given name, and sometimes the paternal grandfather's given name is attached as well.
 For example Axmed Yusuf Qaasim would be a person whose given name is "Axmed", whose father's proper name was "Yusuf" and whose grandfather's name was "Qaasim".
 Most names are of Islamic roots (e.g. Muhammed, Hassan, Ali, Ibrahim) whilst others are cultural (e.g. Guleed, Ashkir) .
Māsarjawaih (Arabic: ماسرجويه‎ ‎ ) was one of the earliest Jewish physicians of Persian origin, and the earliest translator from the Syriac; he lived in Basra about 683 (Anno Hegirae 64).
 His name, distorted, has been transmitted in European sources; it has not yet been satisfactorily explained.
 Neuda (in "Orient, Lit."
 vi.
 132) compares the name ""Masarjawaih"" with the Hebrew proper name ""Mesharsheya""; but the ending ""-waih"" points to a Persian origin.
 The form ""Masarjis"" has been compared with the Christian proper name ""Mar Serjis""; but it is not known that Masarjis embraced either Christianity or Islam.
In rhetoric, antonomasia is a kind of metonymy in which an epithet or phrase takes the place of a proper name, such as "the little corporal" for Napoleon I.
 Conversely, antonomasia can also be using a proper name as an archetypal name, to express a generic idea.
Farshid (or Farsheed) is one of the most ancient Persian proper names whose philological background could be traced back even in Old Persian scriptures.
 It consists from two morphemes far ( = splendour, shine) + shîd (= sun, sun beams).
 In this manner we could translate the Old Persian proper name Farshid/Farsheed as Sunshine or the splendor or the pomp of the sun.
Lollia Paulina, also known as Lollia Paullina (15-49) was a Roman Empress for six months in 38 as the third wife and consort of the Roman emperor Caligula.
 Outside of her term as a Roman Empress, she was a noble Roman woman who lived in the Roman Empire of the 1st century.
The Free City of Greyhawk, also known as Greyhawk City and the "Gem of the Flanaess," is a fictional city-state in the "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy roleplaying game.
 Since the setting was originally published in a folio and then again in a boxed set that were both titled "World of Greyhawk", the word "Greyhawk" is often used to describe the entire campaign world setting, although the proper name for that part of the world is the Flanaess.
 Sometimes the lands controlled by the Free City are also referred to as Greyhawk, though the proper term for the region is the Domain of Greyhawk.
The descriptivist theory of proper names is that the meaning or semantic content of a proper name is identical to the descriptions associated with it by speakers, while their referents are determined to be the objects that satisfy these descriptions.
 Bertrand Russell and Gottlob Frege have both been associated with the descriptivist theory, which is sometimes called the Frege–Russell theory.
