Quincy Lamont Williams (born August 17, 1984), known by his stage name Peewee Longway is an American hip hop recording artist from Atlanta, Georgia who was one of the last signees of 1017 Records before founder Gucci Mane's 2013–2016 imprisonment.
 He is also the nephew of Brick Squad member Cold Blooded Da Don who introduced him to Gucci Mane.
 The artist's most celebrated releases to date are his mixtape "The Blue M&M" and his collaboration with Young Thug, "Loaded".
 "The Blue M&M" also featured the singles "Sneakin n Geekin" and "Servin Lean" (remix) featuring A$AP Rocky.
 He is also a member of a rap group with Gucci Mane and Young Dolph, collectively known as "Felix Brothers".
 They released their debut project in July 2014.
Isaiah Rashad McClain (born May 16, 1991), is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer from Chattanooga, Tennessee.
 Rashad began taking rapping seriously in tenth grade, where he and his friends would record on laptops.
 He spent the next few years recording at local recording studios.
 His first big break would be touring with rappers Juicy J, Joey Badass and Smoke DZA among others, on the 2012 Smoker's Club Tour.
 He is also a founding member of the Chattanooga hip hop collective The House along with fellow Chattanooga rapper TUT and a member of the Chicago hip hop collective The Village along with artist Kembe X, Alex Wiley and more.
"Nobody Does It Better" is a song by American hip hop and R&B recording artist Nate Dogg, featuring vocals from American Hip hop recording artist Warren G.
 It was released in June 1998 as the second single released from the studio album "G-Funk Classics, Vols.
 1 & 2" (1998).
 The song produced by Warren G.
 The song samples and contains an interpolation from “Let's Get Closer” by Atlantic Starr.
"Shoulder Lean" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Young Dro, released July 4, 2006 as his debut single and the lead single from his debut studio album "Best Thang Smokin'".
 The song features Dro's fellow American rapper and Grand Hustle label-boss T.I. on the hook.
 The production was handled by Grand Hustle in-house producer Cordale "Lil' C" Quinn.
 The song was a massive hit in the United States, reaching the Top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and at number one on the Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs chart.
 This was Young Dro's first and only Top 10 single and T.I.'s fourth Top 10 single.
 The song received heavy airplay and was certified 2x Platinum by RIAA.
Chidera Anamege, now known by his stage name Chiddy Bang is an American hip hop recording artist.
 Prior to its breakup, Chiddy Bang was an American hip hop duo consisting of Anamege, under the stage name Chiddy, and Noah Beresin, under the stage name Xaphoon Jones.
 The duo was introduced by former band member Zachary Sewall in late 2008 while the two were studying at Drexel University, in Beresin's hometown of Philadelphia.
 Anamege's sound is based on the fusion of hip hop and alternative using samples from artists such as Ellie Goulding, Radiohead, Sufjan Stevens, Passion Pit, MGMT, Matt and Kim, and Yelle.
 In 2013, Beresin left the group to focus on producing and Anamege became a solo artist, with Beresin playing the role as frequent collaborator.
 Since departing from the group, Beresin has changed his stage name to Noah Breakfast.
"Cut It" is a song by American hip hop recording artist O.T. Genasis.
 The song was released on September 25, 2015 by Conglomerate and Atlantic Records, as a single from his mixtape "Rhythm & Bricks".
 The track was produced by ITrezBeats and features a guest verse by Young Dolph.
 The song was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) November 17, 2016, for selling over 1,000,000 digital copies in the United States.
Herbert Brown, better known by his stage name McGruff (also known as Herb McGruff) is an American Hip hop recording artist from Harlem, New York City, New York.
 Brown started rapping in his early teens.
 He embarked on his music career in the hip hop group Bronx Most Wanted, alongside rappers Jay Q and Tee U.B. Brown later became a member of the hip hop collective Children of the Corn.
 As a member of Children of the Corn, Brown worked alongside Big L, Cam'ron, Bloodshed and Mase, all of whom would go on to have successful careers in the music industry.
 After the group disbanded without releasing any material, Brown made his first appearance on Big L's debut album, "Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous" (1995), on the tracks "8 Iz Enuff" and "Dangerzone".
 Eventually, Brown signed a deal with popular hip hop label, Uptown Records and began recording his debut album, "Destined to Be".
 In early 1998, the album's lead single "Before We Start" became a minor hit, charting on several "Billboard" charts.
 In the Summer of 1998, "Destined to Be" was released but failed to sell many copies, only peaking at 169 on the "Billboard" 200, and Brown was released from his contract.
 Brown would make appearances with Heavy D on his album, "Waterbed Hev" and the "Woo" soundtrack.
 In 2009, Brown appeared on Mase's mixtape "I Do the Impossible".
 In 2010, he was featured heavily on The Diplomats mixtape, "The D.I.P. Agenda."
 In 2014, DJ Kay Slay, enlisted Brown, along with Raekwon, Fat Joe, Ghostface Killah, Sheek Louch, N.O.R.E., Lil' Fame, Prodigy and Rell, for a song titled "90s Flow".
The discography of Method Man, an American hip hop recording artist, consists of five studio albums (including one collaborative album) and 34 singles (including 16 as a featured artist).
 Method Man embarked on his music career in 1992, as a member of East Coast hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan.
 After the Wu-Tang Clan released their highly acclaimed debut album "Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)" (1993), Method Man would be the first member to release his solo debut album.
 In November 1994, he released "Tical", under Def Jam Recordings.
 His debut album "Tical", features his biggest hit single to date, "I'll Be There for You/You're All I Need to Get By", which features American R&B singer Mary J. Blige and peaked at number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Method Man would then go on to collaborate with fellow East Coast rapper Redman, and subsequently form a duo together.
Christopher Charles Lloyd (born April 30, 1982), better known by his stage name Lloyd Banks, is an American hip hop recording artist and member of East Coast hip hop group G-Unit, alongside childhood friends and fellow American rappers, 50 Cent and Tony Yayo.
 Raised in South Jamaica, Queens, he dropped out of high school in 1998.
 G-Unit released two albums, "Beg for Mercy" in 2003 and "T.O.S. (Terminate on Sight)" in 2008.
 Banks released his first solo album "The Hunger for More" in 2004 with the top ten hit single "On Fire".
 He followed with "Rotten Apple" in 2006 and left Interscope Records 2009.
 In 2010 G-Unit signed with EMI to distribute Banks third studio album "The Hunger for More 2", which was released on November 22, 2010.
Adolph Thornton, Jr. (born August 11, 1985), better known by his stage name Young Dolph, is an American rapper.
 In February 2016, Dolph released his debut studio album, "King of Memphis", which peaked at number 49 on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
 He was featured on O.T. Genasis' hit single "Cut It", which peaked at number 35 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
