La Chambre d'Echo – Where the Dead Birds Sing is the eighth album by darkwave band Sopor Aeternus & the Ensemble of Shadows, and was released in 2004.
 "La Chambre d'Echo" saw the return of synthesizers and drum machines, while still focusing on chamber music-inspired darkwave music.
 John A. Rivers returned to produce the album alongside Anna-Varney Cantodea.
 An accompanying EP, "Flowers in Formaldehyde", was released later that year.
 The album was introduced and promoted via a promotional video.
And then it rained for seven days is the debut album by Irish group Music for Dead Birds, released by Rusted Rail in April, 2009.
Jimmy Monaghan is an Irish musician from Belmullet, Ireland.
 He is the lead singer, guitarist and songwriter for the Galway based anti-folk band Music for Dead Birds.
 He also releases music under various other titles, including "The Crytearions".
Robert Grosvenor Gardner (November 5, 1925 – June 21, 2014) was an American academic, anthropologist, and documentary filmmaker who was the Director of the Film Study Center at Harvard University from 1956 to 1997.
 Starting in 1950s, he is known for his work in the field of visual anthropology and films like "Dead Birds", and "Forest of Bliss".
 In 2011, a retrospective of his work was held at Film Forum, New York.
Alex Turner (born 1971) is an American film director, producer and screenwriter, best known for his work in the horror film genre, including the film "Dead Birds".
Leslie Keel born Leslie Grace Keel (born September 1, 1974) has worked as production designer on numerous independent films such as "May", "April's Shower", and "Dead Birds", and in the art departments of many others, including "The Rat Pack" and "My Father's House".
 She was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of actor/singer Howard Keel and his wife, Judy Magamoll Keel.
 Years of traveling around the world with her parents inspired a love of art, and she graduated from the University of Southern California's School of Fine Arts.
"Flowers in Formaldehyde" is the second EP by darkwave band Sopor Aeternus & the Ensemble of Shadows, and was released in 2004 as a companion to the album "La Chambre D'Echo - Where the Dead Birds sing".
 Only 2,000 CDs and 700 LPs were pressed.
The collared pika ("Ochotona collaris") is a species of mammal in the pika family, Ochotonidae, and part of the order Lagomorpha which comprises rabbits, hares, and pikas.
 It is a small (~160 gram) alpine lagomorph that lives in boulder fields of central and southern Alaska (U.S.), and in parts of Canada, including northern British Columbia, Yukon, and western parts of the Northwest Territories.
 It is closely related to the American pika ("O. princeps"), but it is a monotypic form containing no other recognized subspecies.
 It is asocial, does not hibernate, and spends a large part of its time in the summer collecting vegetation that is stored under rocks ("haypiles") as a supply of food for the winter.
 Some individuals have been observed collecting and consuming dead birds as sources of fat and protein.
 Thousands of trips are made during July and August to collect vegetation for winter.
Music for Dead Birds are an anti-folk band from Galway and County Mayo, Ireland.
 Its members are Jimmy Monaghan (Vocals, Guitar) and Dónal Walsh (Drums).
The Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 (MBTA), codified at  /703 §§ 703 –/712 712  (although §709 is omitted), is a United States federal law, first enacted in 1916 to implement the convention for the protection of migratory birds between the United States and Great Britain (acting on behalf of Canada).
 The statute makes it unlawful without a waiver to pursue, hunt, take, capture, kill, or sell birds listed therein migratory birds).
 The statute does not discriminate between live or dead birds and also grants full protection to any bird parts including feathers, eggs, and nests.
 Over 800 species are currently on the list.
