The BWI Marshall Airport Shuttle is a free bus service provided by Baltimore–Washington International Airport, that connects the airport terminal to BWI Rail Station.
 The free shuttle connects airport passengers to Amtrak and MARC trains, hence connecting the airport to Baltimore and Washington, D.C., as well as the rest of the Northeastern United States.
Gainesville is an Amtrak intercity train station in Gainesville, Texas.
 The station, called the Historic Santa Fe Depot in Gainesville, was originally built as an Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Depot in 1902.
 It housed a Harvey House Restaurant until 1931.
 The station saw no passenger rail service from December 5, 1979, when the last Amtrak "Lone Star" operated, until June 15, 1999, when the first Amtrak "Heartland Flyer" came through.
 The Santa Fe Railway deeded the depot to the city on October 19, 1981; however, its restoration was not completed until 2001.
 A museum is located on the first floor, and upstairs are city offices and a replica of a Harvey House overnight stay quarters.
The BWI Business Partnership LINK Shuttle is a free bus service provided by the BWI Business Partnership that circulates the BWI Business District surrounding the Baltimore–Washington International Airport, as well as military installations and defense contractors located at Fort Meade.
 The free shuttle provides last mile connections for employees and visitors in the area by connecting businesses and hotels to the BWI Rail Station, served by the MARC Penn Line and Amtrak, as well as the Baltimore Light Rail at the BWI Business District Light Rail station.
The Joseph Tavaglione Riverside – Downtown Station is a train station in Riverside, California, United States that opened in 1993.
 It is served by one Amtrak intercity rail line and three Metrolink commuter rail lines, as well as Riverside Transit Agency buses and Amtrak Thruway and Megabus coach service.
 The station is owned by the Riverside County Transportation Commission, and is referred to as Riverside by Amtrak and as Riverside – Downtown by Metrolink.
Glenview is an Metra commuter rail and Amtrak intercity rail station in Glenview, Illinois, United States, north of Chicago.
 The facility opened in March 1995 as a replacement for a since-demolished 1950s era station.
 The new station, designed by Legat Architects of Waukegan, cost approximately $3 million and was funded from a number of sources, including Metra, the Illinois Department of Transportation, Amtrak and the village of Glenview.
Crum Lynne station is a station on the SEPTA Wilmington/Newark Line.
 Though the station sits along the Northeast Corridor, it is not served by any Amtrak intercity services.
 The station, located at Chester Pike (US 13) & West Ridley Avenue in Ridley Park, PA, is actually northeast of the community the station is named for.
 It includes a 14-space parking lot, and sheltered platforms on both West Ridley Avenue and Chester Pike.
Pomona or Downtown Pomona is a train station in Pomona, California, United States, served by Amtrak intercity rail and Metrolink commuter rail.
 Amtrak serves the Pomona station with thrice-weekly service provided by the "Sunset Limited" and "Texas Eagle" combined service; Metrolink's Riverside Line runs a commute schedule to and from Los Angeles on weekdays.
BWI Airport station is a train station located in an unincorporated area within Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
 It is served by Amtrak intercity services (frequent "Northeast Regional" and "Acela Express" trains plus the daily "Vermonter" and "Palmetto") and MARC Penn Line regional rail service.
The California Car is the first generation of intercity railcars owned by the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) and operated by Amtrak under the Amtrak California brand on intercity corridor routes in Northern and Central California.
 The cars were built in the mid-1990s for the Caltrans Division of Rail by Morrison-Knudsen.
 The cars are similar to Amtrak's Superliner, but original in design to provide rolling stock suitable for California intercity services up to six hours, with more frequent stops than most other Amtrak routes.
 All cars were overhauled by Alstom at its Mare Island facility between 2009 and 2012.
Tuscaloosa is an Amtrak intercity rail station located at 2105 Greensboro Avenue one mile south of downtown Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
 Currently served by "The Crescent", the station was originally operated by the Southern Railway.
 Tuscaloosa was one of the last railroad-operated active passenger stations in the country, as the "Southern Crescent", predecessor to the current Amtrak train, was still operated by the Southern well into the Amtrak era.
