The full discography of rock musician Myles Kennedy consists of eleven studio albums, two concert films, four live albums, two extended plays, and thirteen singles in total, in addition to eleven studio tracks that he has appeared on as a featured artist, one of which was a single.
 Born in Boston on November 27, 1969, Kennedy is currently a member of the rock band Alter Bridge, with whom he has released four studio albums, two concert films, and several singles.
 He is also the frontman of Slash's touring group, and with Slash he has released a live album, "Live in Manchester", the first of a series of live albums released throughout the summer of 2010, and "", another live album released in 2011.
 In 2012, he released a collaboration studio album with Slash titled "Apocalyptic Love", which is billed to Slash featuring Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators, as well as the 2014 followup titled "World on Fire".
 With The Mayfield Four, he released two studio albums, two extended plays, and four singles; with Citizen Swing, two studio albums; and with Cosmic Dust, one studio album.
The Let Rock Rule Tour was a concert tour by American hard rock band Aerosmith that featured Slash (with Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators) as the opening act.
 The tour sent both acts to various locations across North America from July to September 2014 and included two festival concerts and eighteen regular concerts.
 In addition, Aerosmith performed a private show in the middle of the tour.
 Slash with Myles Kennedy & the Conspirators did not perform at Rock Fest in Wisconsin or at the private show, but performed at all of the other concerts.
The Apocalyptic Love World Tour is the second concert tour by ex-Guns N' Roses lead guitarist Slash as a solo artist.
 The tour features the same backing band that toured with Slash during his first solo tour, though this time the act is billed as "Slash featuring Myles Kennedy and The Conspirators".
 The tour is in support of Slash's second solo album "Apocalyptic Love", which features Myles Kennedy handling lead vocal duties on all songs, as well as his touring band members: bassist Todd Kerns, drummer Brent Fitz and rhythm guitarist Frank Sidoris.
Myles Richard Kennedy (born Myles Richard Bass; November 27, 1969) is an American musician, singer, and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of the rock band Alter Bridge, and as the lead vocalist in guitarist Slash's backing band, known as Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators.
 A former guitar instructor from Spokane, Washington, he has worked as a session musician and songwriter, making both studio and live appearances with several artists, and has been involved with several projects throughout his career.
"World on Fire" is a song by American hard rock guitarist Slash, featuring vocalist Myles Kennedy and backing band The Conspirators.
 Written by Slash and Kennedy, it is the title track of the guitarist's third solo album (the second with Kennedy and The Conspirators) "World on Fire".
 Released as the album's lead single, "World on Fire" topped the US "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Songs chart.
Cosmic Dust, also known as the Cosmic Dust Fusion Band, is an instrumental jazz band formed in 1990 by Jim Templeton.
 The band was the first well-known group that guitarist Myles Kennedy played in.
 The original lineup consisted of Jim Templeton on keyboard, Gary Edighoffer on saxophone, Clipper Anderson on double bass, Myles Kennedy on guitar, and Scott Reusser on drums.
 Kennedy eventually left the band and went on to become the lead vocalist/lead guitarist for a jazz fusion group called Citizen Swing and later an alternative rock band called The Mayfield Four.
 Kennedy is now fronting and playing guitar for the hard rock/alternative metal band Alter Bridge, which he helped form with Creed members Mark Tremonti, Scott Phillips, and Brian Marshall in 2004, and is also the lead vocalist for Slash's solo band on tour.
The World on Fire World Tour is the third concert tour by lead guitarist Slash as a solo artist, which started in July 2014 and was scheduled to resume in late 2015, in support of Slash's third solo album "World on Fire".
 The tour features the same backing band that performed with Slash during his two last tours, billed as "Slash featuring Myles Kennedy and The Conspirators", featuring Myles Kennedy handling lead vocal, bassist Todd Kerns, drummer Brent Fitz and rhythm guitarist Frank Sidoris.
Myles Kennedy is an American rock musician.
 Born in Boston, Massachusetts, he originally began his musical career in Spokane, Washington as the guitarist in jazz band Cosmic Dust.
 After recording 1991's "Journey", he left to form alternative rock band Citizen Swing in 1992.
 The group released two albums, 1992's "Cure Me with the Groove" and 1996's "Deep Down", on both of which Kennedy was co-credited for songwriting.
 Kennedy's next band was The Mayfield Four, which he co-founded with guitarist Craig Johnson, bassist Marty Meisner and drummer Zia Uddin in 1996.
 The frontman wrote most of the material on the band's 1998 debut "Fallout" and all of the songs on 2001's "Second Skin".
Made in Stoke 24/7/11 is the second live album by British-American hard rock guitarist Slash.
 Featuring American vocalist Myles Kennedy, the album was recorded on Slash's debut solo tour in Stoke-on-Trent, where Slash spent his early years.
 It was captured at the 1500 capacity Victoria Hall on 24 July 2011 and released by Armoury Records, a division of Eagle Rock Entertainment, on 14 November 2011 as a live album and DVD.
 As well as songs from Slash's self-titled debut album, "Made in Stoke" also includes songs originally performed by the guitarist's previous bands Guns N' Roses, Slash's Snakepit and Velvet Revolver.
"Bent to Fly" is a song by American hard rock guitarist Slash, featuring vocalist Myles Kennedy and backing band The Conspirators.
 Written by Slash and Kennedy, it was released as the second single from the guitarist's third solo album (the second with Kennedy and The Conspirators), "World on Fire".
 The song was used as the theme song for the 2014 National Rugby League Finals series, and Slash performed the song live at ANZ Stadium as pre-show entertainment for the league's grand final that year.
