The 2016 Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup was the fourth season following on from the demise of the SRO Group's FIA GT1 World Championship (an auto racing series for grand tourer cars), the third with the designation of Blancpain Sprint Series or Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup.
 After developing their partnership, Blancpain and the SRO decided that 2016 would see both the Sprint and Endurance Series further integrated into the Blancpain GT Series, putting the emphasis on the prestigious overall drivers' and manufacturers' titles causing the Sprint Series name to change from Blancpain Sprint Series to Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup.
The 2016 Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup was the sixth season of the Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup.
 The season started on 24 April at Monza and ended on 18 September at the Nürburgring.
 The season featured five rounds, with each race lasting for a duration of three hours besides the 24 Hours of Spa and the 1000 km Paul Ricard events.
 After developing their partnership, Blancpain and the SRO decided that 2016 would see both the Sprint and Endurance Series further integrated into the Blancpain GT Series, putting the emphasis on the prestigious overall drivers' and manufacturers' titles causing the Endurance Series name to change from Blancpain Endurance Series to Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup.
The 2016 Blancpain GT Sports Club was the second season of the SRO Group's Blancpain GT Sports Club, an auto racing series for grand tourer cars.
 The Blancpain GT Sports Club is a championship for Bronze and Iron drivers only.
 The "Iron" categorisation is within the Bronze category, for drivers over the age of 60.
 All drivers must participate with GT3-spec cars, RACB G3 cars or GTE-spec cars.
The 2018 Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup will be the sixth season of the Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup following on from the demise of the SRO Group's FIA GT1 World Championship (an auto racing series for grand tourer cars), the fifth with the designation of Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup.
The Blancpain GT Series is a sports car racing series organized by the Stéphane Ratel Organisation (SRO) with the approval of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA).
 It features grand tourer racing cars modified from production road cars complying with the FIA's GT3 regulations.
 The series is divided into two separate championships, the Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup and the Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup.
 Although the Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup is organised since 2011, the inaugural season of the Blancpain GT Series is 2014, because in that year the FIA GT Series became the Blancpain Sprint Series, which is now the Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup.
 The series is primarily sponsored by Swiss watchmaker Blancpain.
The Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup, formerly the FIA GT Series in 2013 and the Blancpain Sprint Series in 2014 and 2015, is a sports car racing series organized by the Stéphane Ratel Organisation (SRO) with the approval of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA).
 The championship is mostly concentrated in Europe, but will visit other continents including Asia.
 The series continues the sprint format for GT-cars carried out by the defunct FIA GT1 World Championship.
The 2017 Blancpain GT Series Asia is the inaugural season of SRO Motorsports Group and Team Asia One GT Management's Blancpain GT Series Asia, an auto racing series for grand tourer cars in Asia.
 The races will be contested with GT3-spec and GT4-spec cars.
The 2017 Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup was the fifth season of the Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup following on from the demise of the SRO Group's FIA GT1 World Championship (an auto racing series for grand tourer cars), the fourth with the designation of Blancpain Sprint Series or Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup.
The 2016 Blancpain GT Series was the third season of the Blancpain GT Series.
 The season started on 10 April in Misano and ended on 2 October in Barcelona.
 The season featured ten rounds, five Endurance Cup rounds and five Sprint Cup rounds.
The 2017 Blancpain GT Sports Club will be the third season of the SRO Group's Blancpain GT Sports Club, an auto racing series for grand tourer cars.
 The Blancpain GT Sports Club is a championship for Bronze and Iron drivers only.
 The "Iron" categorisation is within the Bronze category, for drivers over the age of 60.
 All drivers must participate with GT3-spec cars, RACB G3 cars or GTE-spec cars.
