XL Group is a global insurance company headquartered in Bermuda with executive offices in Hamilton, Bermuda and Stamford, Connecticut, USA.
 The company has approximately 7400 employees and more than 100 offices in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America.
 Formerly XL Capital Ltd, the company officially changed its name and domicile on 1 July 2010.
The Penn Alto Building is a landmark building located in downtown Altoona, Pennsylvania, United States.
 The building is nine stories high and has a partial tenth floor penthouse.
 The name of the building remains the same, even though its usage has changed over time.
 The name changed from the Penn Alto Hotel to Penn Alto Apartments when it changed from strictly being a hotel to a residential hotel, which rents both apartments and hotel rooms.
 The current name is City Hall Commons, deriving its name from its proximity to City Hall, which is just across the street.
Starplex Pavilion (originally Coca-Cola Starplex Amphitheatre) is an outdoor amphitheatre located in Fair Park, Dallas, Texas.
 The venue opened in 1988 as the Coca-Cola Starplex Amphitheatre, with 7,500 seats, under a pavilion and 12,500 general admission lawn seats.
 After Coca-Cola's naming rights expired in 1998, the venue was known simply as Starplex Amphitheatre.
 In 2000, naming rights were sold to the Smirnoff vodka company, as a result of a corporate sponsorship agreement with The House of Blues.
 The center was then called Smirnoff Music Centre.
 The name changed again in January 2008 when naming rights were awarded to Superpages.com Center.
 It was renamed in 2011 to Gexa Energy Pavilion.
 In January 2017, the name changed again to Starplex Pavilion.
The General Electric/Allison J33 was a development of the General Electric J31, enlarged to produce significantly greater thrust, starting at 4000 lbf and ending at 4600 lbf with an additional low-altitude boost to 5400 lbf with water-alcohol injection.
The Shelby Reds, was the primary name of a minor league baseball team that played in Shelby, North Carolina between 1937 and 1982.
 The Reds wwere a member of the Western Carolinas League, before transferring with the league to the South Atlantic League in 1980.
 The club was initially affiliated with the Cincinnati Reds.
 In 1979, the Pittsburgh Pirates became their affiliate, changing the team's name to the Shelby Pirates.
 The team changed affiliates again in 1981, this time to the New York Mets.
 As result their name changed a final time to the Shelby Mets.
 Among earlier teams were the Shelby Colonels, Shelby Farmers, Shelby Yankees, Shelby Rebels, Shelby Senators and Shelby Cubs.
The Allison J71 was a single spool turbojet engine, designed and built in the United States.
 It began development in 1948 as a much modified J35, originally designated J35-A-23.
Benab Marand (Persian: بناب مرند‎ ‎ ; also known as Benāb Jadid, Bonāb, Banab, Benāb, and Binab) is a city in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
 At the 2006 census, its population was 4,430, in 1,236 families.
 The city is located 72 km from Tabriz and 12 km from Marand.
 It was considered a rural area which was named Benab until 2004 but is now classed as a city and in 2004 its name changed to Benab Jadid but on July 15, 2012, after 8 years the town name changed to Benab Marand.
The Indiana University Mathematics Journal (ISSN 0022-2518  ) is a journal of mathematics published by Indiana University.
 Its first volume was published in 1952, under the name Journal of Rational Mechanics and Analysis and edited by Václav Hlavatý and Clifford Truesdell.
 In 1957, Eberhard Hopf became editor, the journal name changed to the Journal of Mathematics and Mechanics, and Truesdell founded a separate successor journal, the "Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis", now published by Springer-Verlag.
 The "Journal of Mathematics and Mechanics" later changed its name again to the present name.
 s of 2013 , the managing editor is Chris Judge.
Morse Diving is an American manufacturer of diving equipment.
 It was founded in 1837 as Morse & Fletcher in Boston MA.
 The name was changed in 1864 to A J Morse and Son and it remained under that name until 1905 when the company was incorporated and Inc. was added to the name.
 In 1940 the company was purchased and the name was changed to Morse Diving Equipment Company Incorporated and later moved its operations to Rockland, MA and continued under that name until 1998 when it was purchased by Kenneth Downey, an employee, and did business under the name of Morse Diving Inc.
 Downey sold the company in 2014 to Watson "Robbie" Holland, and the name changed, yet again, to Morse International.
 Morse filed for bankruptcy and Diving Equipment and Supply Company (DESCO) acquired its assets in 2016.
 DESCO reverted to the name A J Morse & Son and Morse products will be marketed under that name.
 DESCO's business plan is to bring back the quality and products associated with the earlier name.
 DESCO has on re-introduced the breast plate feed (air being fed into the breast plate rather than the bonnet)helmet design from the early 1900s as its first offering.
 They also make the standard commercial model with the air feed in the rear of the helmet.
 The A J Morse & Son US Navy Mark V helmet is also offered.
The General Electric/Allison J35 was originally developed by General Electric (GE company designation TG-180) in parallel with the Whittle-based centrifugal-flow J33, and was the United States Air Force's first axial-flow (straight-through airflow) compressor engine.
 The J35 was fairly simple, consisting of an eleven-stage axial-flow compressor and a single-stage turbine.
 With the afterburner, which most models carried, it produced a thrust of 7400 lbf .
