Jack-Jack Attack is a 2005 computer animated short film produced by Pixar based on their film "The Incredibles", and directed by Brad Bird.
Toy Story Toons: Hawaiian Vacation is a 2011 Pixar computer animated short film directed by Gary Rydstrom.
 It is the first short in the "Toy Story Toons" series.
 The short features characters from the "Toy Story" films and takes place after the events of "Toy Story 3".
 It was first screened in theaters with Pixar's "Cars 2", and was included on the film's media release.
Geri's Game is a 1997 computer animated short film made by Pixar, written and directed by Jan Pinkava.
 Although Pixar had started out with a successful string of shorts in the 1980s, these were put on hold for most of the 1990s to focus on for-hire work, and development of the feature films "Toy Story" and "A Bug's Life"; "Geri's Game" was the first Pixar short since the 1989 short "Knick Knack".
 The film won an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 1998.
La Luna (IPA: /laˈluna/ [laˈluːna] , Italian for "The Moon") is a 2011 Pixar computer-animated short film, directed and written by Enrico Casarosa.
 The short premiered on June 6, 2011 at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival in France, and it was paired with Pixar's "Brave" for its theatrical release on June 22, 2012, being shown before the film's beginning.
 "La Luna" was released on November 13, 2012, on the "Brave" DVD and Blu-ray, and on a new "Pixar Short Films Collection, Volume 2", the second collection of Pixar's short films.
 "La Luna" was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 84th Academy Awards.
Tormented (Atormentada in Spanish) is a computer animated short film written and directed by Sergio Rosa.
 Produced by El Salvador-based Do Studio, it was projected in select theaters as part of the Film and TV Workshop by Escuela de Comunicaciones Mónica Herrera in November 2009.
 The short film is considered to be the first professional computer animated ever produced in El Salvador, and part of the emerging salvadorean film industry.
Presto is a 2008 American Pixar computer animated short film shown in theaters before their feature length film "WALL-E".
 The short is about a magician trying to perform a show with his uncooperative rabbit and is a gag-filled homage to classic cartoons such as "Tom and Jerry" and "Looney Tunes".
 "Presto" was directed by veteran Pixar animator Doug Sweetland, in his directorial debut.
For the Birds is a 2000 computer animated short film produced by Pixar and directed by Ralph Eggleston.
 It won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 2001.
 It premiered on June 5, 2000, at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival in France, and was shown alongside the theatrical release of the 2001 Disney/Pixar feature film "Monsters, Inc."
9 is a 2005 computer animated short film created by Shane Acker as a student project at the UCLA Animation Workshop.
 Tim Burton saw the film and was so impressed by its artistic vision that he went on to produce a feature-length adaptation also titled "9", directed by Acker and distributed by Focus Features.
 The film was presented at the Indianapolis International Film Festival.
 It was nominated for an Academy Award for best animated short film, but lost to "", although it did win a Student Academy Award for Best Animation.
The Dam Keeper is a 2014 American animated short film directed by former Pixar art directors Robert Kondo and Daisuke Tsutsumi.
 It tells the story of Pig, an introverted youth who lives in a windmill and keeps a dark fog from engulfing his town.
 Although socially rejected by his peers, he is befriended by the artistic Fox.
 Kondo and Tsutsumi began developing the film while working on "Monsters University" and produced it through a Pixar co-op program.
 This is Tsutsumi's second short film, after 2011's "Sketchtravel", and Kondo's first directorial effort.
 Producers Megan Bartel and Duncan Ramsay were also employees at Pixar.
 The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Animated Short Film.
Surprise is a Pixar computer animated short created in 1991 by Pixar Animation Studios for "Sesame Street".
 It starred Luxo Jr. from a previous Pixar short film.
 The film's length in total is no more than 20 seconds, making this one of Pixar's shortest animated films.The soundtrack in "Surprise" is the same as that used in "Luxo Jr."
