Tim Taylor (born Timothy Kropf on May 19, 1940 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a retired American newscaster/investigative reporter and news anchor for FOX affiliate WJW-TV 8 in Cleveland, Ohio.
 Taylor served as the chief news anchor of WJW from 1977-2005, after beginning his television career with WEWS-TV, initially as the city’s first consumer ombudsman “Action Reporter” and then as weekend news anchor.
Robbie Timmons is an award winning TV News Anchor/reporter for Detroit television stations, WJBK-TV and WXYZ-TV.
 She was the first female news anchor in American history to anchor the 6:00pm and 11:00pm broadcasts in March, 1973 while anchoring the news at WILX-TV in Lansing, Michigan.
 After 4 years at WILX-TV in Lansing, she was offered a job working as a reporter and 11pm news anchor for WJBK-TV (CBS) in Detroit, where she worked for 6 years.
 In 1982 Timmons accepted a news anchor position for WXYZ-TV, the ABC affiliate in Detroit where she received numerous honors including Emmy Awards and the distinction of being named one of the most powerful women in Michigan.
 Robbie Timmons retired in October, 2010 and is currently an officer of a non-profit Thoroughbred retraining organization, CANTER.
 www.canterusa.org
Sagarika Ghose (born 8 November 1964) is an Indian journalist, news anchor and author.
 She has been a journalist since 1991 and has worked at "The Times Of India", "Outlook" and "The Indian Express".
 She was the deputy editor and a prime time anchor on the news network CNN-IBN.
 Ghose has won several awards in journalism and is the author of two novels.
 She resigned as deputy editor of CNN-IBN in July 2014 after the network was taken over by Reliance Industries.
 She is now consulting editor at "The Times of India".
 She is the author of the recently published book, "Indira, India's Most Powerful Prime Minister."
Antonio Mora (born December 14, 1957, Havana, Cuba) is a multiple Emmy Award winning journalist and television news anchor.
 He was an anchor on Al Jazeera America and its 9pm news broadcast.
 For the first year and a half of the network's existence, he acted as the host of a show called "Consider This".
 He is best known for his years at ABC News, including his four years as the news anchor and chief correspondent for "Good Morning America".
 He was the first Hispanic American male to anchor a primetime newscast in Chicago and one of the only Hispanic American males to anchor a national broadcast news show.
Dick Nourse is a retired award-winning Salt Lake City, Utah television news anchor.
 He most recently worked for KSL 5 Television.
 Nourse joined the KSL news team in 1964 as the station's weekend anchor/reporter.
 Six months later, he was named the station's weekday anchor.
 He concluded his 43-year career with his final newscast on November 28, 2007, a record term for a Utah television news anchor.
 Nourse's longevity as an American news anchor comes second to that of the late Hal Fishman, whose career spanned 47 years.
Lester Don Holt Jr. (born March 8, 1959) is an American journalist who anchors the weekday edition of "NBC Nightly News".
 He is also the anchor for "Dateline NBC".
 On February 9, 2015, he became the interim weeknight "NBC Nightly News" anchor, filling in for suspended anchor and managing editor Brian Williams.
 On June 18, 2015, he was made the permanent anchor of "NBC Nightly News" after NBC decided to keep Brian Williams as MSNBC breaking news anchor and reporter and fill-in NBC News breaking news anchor and reporter.
Karma Paljor is an award-winning Indian journalist and television news anchor.
 His career as a media professional began in 2001 and since then he's been associated with some famous news channel and last channel he was with is CNN-News18.
 He has received several awards for his role as a reporter and for his coverage of natural disasters since then.
The CNN-News18 Indian of the Year (originally CNN-IBN Indian of the Year) is an award presented annually to various Indians for their work in their respective fields by the Indian media house CNN-News18.
 The awards are presented in various categories of Politics, Sports, Business, Entertainment, Public Service and Global Indian.
 It is the brainchild of world-renowned journalists Padmashri Rajdeep Sardesai and Sagarika Ghose.
Sanjeeb Mukherjee is an Indian news anchor and journalist, presently the Cricket Editor of CNN-News18 news channel.
 He has over a decade long experience in the industry having made a mark for himself in investigative journalism.
Cheryl Kathleen Cosim (born February 7, 1974), also known as Cheryl Cosim, is a Filipina journalist, news anchor and TV host.
 She started on ABS-CBN hosting the programs "Salamat Dok!
", the hourly news updates, and a radio show on DZMM.
 She moved to TV5 in summer 2010.
 She joins as a news anchor in Aksyon with Erwin Tulfo.
 In 2014, she is now a news anchor on "Aksyon Tonite".
