Andrew "Angel" Bartolotta (born November 26, 1981) is an American drummer.
 He is best known as the drummer for American alternative metal band Dope and for industrial metal band Genitorturers.
 He is also the founder of the large collaborative music project Team Cybergeist.
 In 2015, Angel released 2 instructional books, ""So You Want To Be A Drummer"" and ""Jurassic Drumming"".
The Retribution Tour was a 2005 concert tour by British heavy metal band Judas Priest which was in support of the album "Angel of Retribution".
 It ran from 23 February 2005 until 3 December 2005.
"Revolution" is a song on the album "Angel of Retribution", by the heavy metal band Judas Priest.
 It was their first single since 1992's "Night Crawler" to enter in the United States charts.
 It reached #23 in the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Angel & Khriz are a Puerto Rican reggaeton duo, consisting of Angel Rivera Guzmán (Angel) and Christian Colón Rolon (Khriz).
 Their high-impact performance on this first time out recording led to their sponsorship by Hector "El Father".
 Through that relationship the duo recorded their first single, "Cazando Voy," which reached platinum status and earned them the reputation as "the MVP's of the year."
 In 2004, they signed with MVP Records and toured extensively throughout South and Central America.
 The success of their debut recording, Los MVP's, garnered the attention and an eventual distribution with Universal's Machete Music, a label targeting the ever-growing urban Latino audience.
 Appearances in many U.S. cities to receptive crowds has earned the duo a reputation as one of reggaeton's most popular duos.
 In 2005, their debut studio album "Los MVP" was released and featured the hit singles "Ven Baílalo" and "De Cazeria".
 The album was certified Platinum by the United States Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and a special edition was released the following year.
 The special edition of "Los MVP" featured their two singles "Fua" and "De Lao a Lao".
 Performances at high-visibility events like opening Premios Juventud and closing the 2006 Latin Billboard Awards alongside Tito "El Bambino" and Wisin & Yandel continued to increase these budding artists' recognition and potential.
 Almost three years later, in 2008, their second studio album, Showtime was released.
 Singles featured on the album were "La Vecina" and "Na De Na".
 This album was released by Machete Music.
 Two years later, Da' Take Over, the duo's third studio album was released.
 It featured the hit singles "Ayer La Vi" & "Me Enamoré".
The Essential Judas Priest is a 2006 2-disc compilation album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest.
 It contains 34 songs from throughout their career right up to their then-most recent album "Angel of Retribution", but excludes the Tim "Ripper" Owens era.
 It was re-released in 2008 as a limited-edition 3-disc package.
Angel of Retribution is the fifteenth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest, released in 2005.
 It is the band's first album since "Painkiller" (1990) to feature Rob Halford.
 The album debuted at #13 on the US "Billboard" chart, which made it the third highest chart of a Judas Priest album (the second being "Nostradamus" and the highest being "Redeemer of Souls").
 The album was produced by Roy Z, who co-wrote the song "Deal with the Devil".
"Judas Rising" is a song by heavy metal band Judas Priest.
 It is the opening track on the band's 2005 album Angel of Retribution.
 The song is about the Judas Priest "Messiah" on the cover of the albums "Sad Wings of Destiny", "Painkiller" and "Angel of Retribution".
 .
 It was also included on the album's The Essential Judas Priest and
Relentless Retribution is the sixth studio album by American thrash metal band, Death Angel.
 The album was released September 3, 2010, in Europe (but not including the United Kingdom), on the September 6 in the United Kingdom, and on September 14 in America.
 Track 2: "Claws In So Deep" features an acoustic part performed by Rodrigo y Gabriela.
 The album sold 2,700 copies in its first week in the U.S.
Illud Divinum Insanus is the eighth studio album by American death metal band Morbid Angel.
 It was released on June 7, 2011, by independent French record label Season of Mist.
 It is Morbid Angel's first album since "Heretic" (2003), the band's longest gap to date between studio albums.
 This is the only Morbid Angel album to feature guitarist Destructhor and drummer Tim Yeung, making it their first not to feature Pete Sandoval, who was recovering from surgery.
 It is also the band's only album to feature bassist/vocalist David Vincent since he rejoined in 2004.
Painkiller is the twelfth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest, released in September 1990.
 It is the last Judas Priest album to feature lead singer Rob Halford until his return for the 2005 album "Angel of Retribution" and the first to feature drummer Scott Travis.
