Harris George Mirkin (24 August 1936 – 30 May 2013) was a political science professor who aroused controversy with an essay, "The Pattern of Sexual Politics," published in the "Journal of Homosexuality".
 This prompted the Missouri legislature to reduce the university's budget by the amount of Mirkin's salary, as a gesture of non-support for Mirkin's work.
Contract With the World is a 1980 novel written by Canadian author Jane Rule.
 The story takes place in Vancouver, British Columbia, in the mid-1970s, and is divided in six parts, each focusing on the perspective of a different character.
 Themes of artistic motivation, personal fulfilment, and sexual politics are present throughout.
Susannah "Susie" Bright, also known as Susie Sexpert (born March 25, 1958), is an American feminist, author, journalist, critic, editor, publisher, producer, and performer, often on the subject of sexual politics and sexuality.
The Au Pairs were a British post-punk band that formed in Birmingham in 1978 and continued until 1983.
 They produced two studio albums and three singles.
 Their songs were said to have "contempt for the cliches of contemporary sexual politics" and their music has been compared to the Gang of Four and the Young Marble Giants.
 The band was led by Lesley Woods, who was once described as "one of the most striking women in British rock".
Laura Kipnis (born 1956) is an American cultural critic and essayist.
 A feminist intellectual, her work focuses on sexual politics, gender issues, aesthetics, popular culture, and pornography.
 She began her career as a video artist, exploring similar themes in the form of video essays.
 She is professor of media studies at Northwestern University in the Department of Radio-TV-Film, where she teaches filmmaking.
C. V. Balakrishnan (Malayalam: സി.
 വി.
 ബാലകൃഷ്ണൻ ; born 24 September 1952) is a Malayalam-language novelist, short story writer, essayist and screenplay writer from the south Indian state of Kerala.
 His novels and short stories encompass the emotional issues related to mass culture, sexual politics, fate of the marginalised and institutionalised religions.
 An author of more than 40 literary works along with a few film scripts and film criticisms, his best known work is the novel "Ayussinte Pusthakam" ("Book of Life").
 He received the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award in 2000 for the novel "Atmavinu Seriyennu Thonnunna Karyangal" and the Kerala State Film Award for Best Book on Cinema in 2002 for "Cinemayude Idangal".
 In 2014, he won the Padmaprabha Literary Award
The British University Hurling Championship is an annual Hurling competition held for universities in Great Britain.
 It is organised by the BUGAA which is a branch of the Higher Education GAA committee which oversees Gaelic Games in Universities.
 Unlike its sister competition, the British University Gaelic Football Championship, this competition is not overseen by the British Universities Sports Association as yet.
 The best players each year are chosen for an all-star team to play the Scottish Universities Shinty Team.
 The trophies for British University Gaelic Games Championships memorialise students who were pioneers of Gaelic Games at British Universities.
 The Michael O'Leary Cup is awarded to the winner of the British University Hurling Championship.
 It was presented to BUGAA by The Friary, Dundee.
 The Cup is named after a founder member of the hurling club at the University of Glasgow who died in 2001.
Carol J. Adams (born 1951) is an American writer, feminist, and animal rights advocate.
 She is the author of several books, including "The Sexual Politics of Meat: A Feminist-Vegetarian Critical Theory" (1990) and "The Pornography of Meat" (2004), focusing in particular on what she argues are the links between the oppression of women and that of non-human animals.
Shannon Bell (born 5 July 1955) is a Canadian performance philosopher who lives and writes philosophy-in-action, experimental philosophy.
 Bell is also professor and graduate programme director in the York University Political Science Department, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 She teaches postmodern theory, fast feminism, sexual politics, cyber politics, identity politics and violent philosophy.
Katherine Murray Millett (September 14, 1934 – September 6, 2017) was an American feminist writer, educator, artist, and activist.
 She attended Oxford University and was the first American woman to be awarded a degree with first-class honors after studying at St Hilda's College, Oxford.
 She has been described as "a seminal influence on second-wave feminism", and is best known for her book "Sexual Politics" (1970), which was based on her doctoral dissertation at Columbia University.
 Journalist Liza Featherstone attributes previously unimaginable "legal abortion, greater professional equality between the sexes, and a sexual freedom" being made possible partially due to Millett's efforts.
