Terry Eades (born 5 March 1944) is a former Northern Irish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Cambridge United and Watford.
He made over 250 appearances in the Football League.
After his professional footballing career Terry became player/manager of Histon F.C.Terry is also recognized for scoring the first ever goal on a sunday, in Cambridge United's 2-2 draw with Oldham Athletic in the FA cup in 1974.
Terry made his final appearance for Cambridge United F.C. in his testimonial in 1980,when Cambridge played West Brom at the abbey stadium.
Tyler Roberts (born 12 January 1999) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a forward for Walsall on loan from West Bromwich Albion, and the Wales national under-19 football team.
 He is an academy graduate of West Brom and made his senior debut for the club in May 2016, aged 17, before spending loan spells in League One with Oxford United and Shrewsbury Town.
West Bromwich Albion Football Club , also known as West Brom, The Baggies, The Throstles, Albion or simply WBA, is an English professional football club based in West Bromwich in the West Midlands.
 The club was formed in 1878 and has played at its home ground, The Hawthorns, since 1900.
Aftershock is a 1990 action/science fiction film directed by Frank Harris, written by Michael Standing, starring James Lew and Michael Standing.
 It was distributed through Universal Pictures.
LTC Financial Partners, LLC (LTCFP), based in Fort Myers, FL, was one of the largest long term care insurance agencies in the United States.
 Its field is one of growing importance as millions of Baby Boomers reach retirement age, and as health reform acknowledges the care needs of an aging population.
 The company also offered hybrid policies that combine long term care benefits with features of annuities and life insurance; long term care education; and reverse mortgages.
Gary Strodder (born 1 April 1965 in Cleckheaton, West Yorkshire) was a centre half who played for West Ham United for four seasons, making 71 starts in total with a further eight appearances as substitute.
 His two goals were both scored against South Coast opposition, Portsmouth and Bournemouth.
 He joined in March 1987 from Lincoln City.
 Gary is probably best remembered by West Ham fans for being a member of the team hammered 6-0 in the League Cup Semi Final first leg at Oldham Athletic.
 This proved to be his penultimate game in the famous Claret and Blue shirt.
 In addition to West Ham, Gary also played for Notts County, Rotherham United, West Bromwich Albion, Hartlepool United and Lincoln City.
 His greatest moment probably came in helping West Brom to promotion via the playoff final at Wembley Stadium in a team managed by Argentinian and Tottenham Hotspur legend Ossie Ardiles (1993).
 In May 1985 he was to witness a nightmare when 56 spectators were killed in a horrendous stand fire while playing for Lincoln against Bradford City.
The 1966 Football League Cup Final, the sixth Football League Cup final to be staged since the competition's inception, was contested between West Bromwich Albion and West Ham United.
 It was the last to be played over two legs, with West Brom winning 5–3 on aggregate.
The Broadside Boys are a folk band that formed in 2010.
 Originally consisting of two long term friends, Mat Bayfield and Eric Sedge, the band currently play at events throughout their home county of Suffolk, although they have occasionally also ventured to other parts of East Anglia.
 The 'Broadside' part of the band's name comes from Broadside Ale, brewed by Adnams in Southwold, Suffolk.
The 2014–15 season was West Bromwich Albion's fifth consecutive season in the Premier League, their ninth in total.
 The season was notable for West Brom ditching the traditional white and navy stripes kit in favour of white and navy pinstripes kit, which angered many supporters.
 Eventually, the white and navy stripes kit was brought back the following season.
 During the season, they also competed in the FA Cup.
 West Brom were knocked out of the League Cup in the fourth round, losing away to Bournemouth.
 The club exited the FA Cup in the sixth round, after they were beaten by local rivals Aston Villa.
William "Billy" Law (born 1882) was a professional footballer, born in Walsall.
 He played as an outside left for various English clubs, including in the Football League for Doncaster Rovers, West Bromwich Albion and Glossop, and the Southern League for Watford and Queens Park Rangers.
 Law played eleven first-team games for West Brom; the team did not lose any of them.
