Syracuse ( ; Italian: "Siracusa" , ] ; Sicilian: "Sarausa/Seragusa" ; ; Ancient Greek: Συράκουσαι , "Syrakousai"; Medieval Greek: Συρακοῦσαι ) is a historic city in Sicily, the capital of the province of Syracuse.
 The city is notable for its rich Greek history, culture, amphitheatres, architecture, and as the birthplace of the preeminent mathematician and engineer Archimedes.
 This 2,700-year-old city played a key role in ancient times, when it was one of the major powers of the Mediterranean world.
 Syracuse is located in the southeast corner of the island of Sicily, next to the Gulf of Syracuse beside the Ionian Sea.
Montes Archimedes is a mountain range on the Moon.
 It is named after the crater Archimedes that lies to the north, which in turn is an eponym of the Greek mathematician Archimedes.
The word Trinacria means triquetra and refers to the shape of the island of Sicily (“Sicilia” in Italian), the largest island in the Mediterranean.
 Sicily was known by the Romans as "Trinacrium", meaning “star with three points”.
 The Trinacria symbol is the head of Medusa (a gorgon with a head of snakes), surrounded by three bent running legs, and three stalks of wheat.
 Due to the island's distinct triangular shape, the symbol has also been adopted by the Sicilian government and is located on the center of Sicily's flag.
 The Trinacria's shape is often referred to as a triskelion; this shape can be found in many places among the general Mediterranean Basin region and in many European countries like France, Sicily, Crete, Greece, the North African coast, and the Isle of Man.
 The triskelions found in these locations have all dated back to after the eighth century BC.
Archimedean means of or pertaining to or named in honor of the Greek mathematician Archimedes and may refer to:
Archaic Greece was the period in Greek history lasting from the eighth century BC to the second Persian invasion of Greece in 480 BC, following the Greek Dark Ages and succeeded by the Classical period.
 The period began with a massive increase in the Greek population and a series of significant changes which rendered the Greek world at the end of the eighth century as entirely unrecognisable as compared to its beginning.
In abstract algebra and analysis, the Archimedean property, named after the ancient Greek mathematician Archimedes of Syracuse, is a property held by some algebraic structures, such as ordered or normed groups, and fields.
 Roughly speaking, it is the property of having no "infinitely large" or "infinitely small" elements.
 It was Otto Stolz who gave the axiom of Archimedes its name because it appears as Axiom V of Archimedes’ "On the Sphere and Cylinder".
The languages spoken by Iranian Jews are often lumped under the term "Judeo-Persian," a broad term that denotes the various forms of Modern Persian written in the Hebrew script.
 Native to Iranian Jews, it has also been used by Jews of Afghanistan, Central Asia, and the Chinese Jewish community of Ka'i Feng Fu.
 The original use of Judeo-Persian language is documented as early as sixth century B.C., however there are no literary documents that were preserved in this language prior to the eighth century A.D., according to Dariush Gitisetan from Brandeis University (Dariush Gitisetan, 13).
 Unfortunately the separation of Jews from their native areas created linguistic differences, giving rise to a large number of mutually incomprehensible dialects of Judeo-Persian.
 This is why, according to Habib Borjian, we need to separate Judeo-Hamadan from Judeo Persian(Habib Borjian, 117).
 Judeo-Persian shares many features in common with Modern Persian, while still manifesting distinct differences.
 According to Gitisetan, these include(Dariush Gitisetan, 13)
The Excarpsus Cummeani, also called the Pseudo-Cummeani, is an eighth-century penitential, probably written in the north of the Frankish Empire in Corbie Abbey.
 Twenty-six copies of the manuscript survive; six of those were copied before 800 CE.
 It is possible that the penitential, which extends its scope beyond monasticism to include clerics and lay people, has a connection to Saint Boniface and his efforts to reform the Frankish church in the first half of the eighth century.
 Geographic spread by the end of the eighth century and continued copying of the manuscript into the 9th and 10th centuries have been interpreted to mean the work was considered "by the Christian authorities" a canonical text.
 It was used as late as the eleventh century, "as the main source of the "P. Parisiense compositum".
The Province of Syracuse (Italian: Provincia di Siracusa ; Sicilian: Pruvincia di Sarausa) is a province in the autonomous island region of Sicily in Italy.
 Its capital is the city of Syracuse, a town which was established by Greek colonists arriving from Corinth in the eighth century B.C.
 It has an area of 2,109 km2 and a total population of 403,985 (2016).
 Syracuse has 8% of the Sicilian population and 8.2% of Sicily's area.
The Archimedean spiral (also known as the arithmetic spiral) is a spiral named after the 3rd century BC Greek mathematician Archimedes.
 It is the locus of points corresponding to the locations over time of a point moving away from a fixed point with a constant speed along a line which rotates with constant angular velocity.
 Equivalently, in polar coordinates ("r", "θ") it can be described by the equation
