Suicide Squad: The Album is the soundtrack album to the film of the same name.
 The album was released on August 5, 2016, by Atlantic Records and Warner Bros.
 Records.
 A separate film score album, titled Suicide Squad (Original Motion Picture Score) and composed by Steven Price, was released on August 8, 2016, by WaterTower Music.
 The digital edition of the film score album contains eight bonus tracks.
 It received mixed to positive reviews by critics, and the Collector's Edition received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media at the 2017 ceremony.
 It won 2017 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Soundtrack.
Iron Eagle: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the TriStar Pictures film "Iron Eagle", released on July 23, 1986 by Capitol Records.
 A separate film score by Basil Poledouris titled Iron Eagle: Original Motion Picture Score was released on July 9, 2008 by Varèse Sarabande.
The Fate of the Furious: Original Motion Picture Score is the original film score album of the 2017 action film of the same name.
 It was released by the Universal Music Group on April 28, 2017.
 The score was written and composed by Brian Tyler, who also wrote and composed the musical score for the third, fourth, fifth and seventh installments.
The Punisher, also known as The Punisher Original Motion Picture Score is the score to the 1989 film of the same name.
 The album was composed, orchestrated and conducted by Dennis Dreith.
 It was released on July 19, 2005 on CD, it also features a 23 minutes interview with composer Dreith and the director Mark Goldblatt.
 The interview focuses not only on the music itself but also much about the ill-fated circumstances which concerned the release of the original film.
Batman: Original Motion Picture Score is the score album for the 1989 film "Batman" by Danny Elfman.
 According to the "Batman" DVD Special Edition, Elfman said that producer Jon Peters was not sure about him as a composer until Tim Burton made him play the main titles.
 Elfman admitted he was stunned when Peters announced that the score would be released on its own album, as releasing a separate score album for a film was something that was rarely done in the 1980s.
 Elfman's "The Batman Theme" went on to become an iconic piece.
 It served as the basis for the theme music of "", which premiered in 1992, although this was later changed.
 Some parts of the Elfman score are also heard in "", "" and "".
 Parts are also played in the queue, and on the station platform of Batman the Ride at various Six Flags theme parks.
Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack album to the 1991 Disney animated feature film, "Beauty and the Beast".
 Originally released on October 29, 1991, by Walt Disney Records, the album's first half – tracks 2 to 9 – generally contains the film's musical numbers, all of which were written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Howard Ashman, while its latter half – tracks 10 to 14 – features its musical score, composed solely by Menken.
 While the majority of the album's content remains within the musical theatre genre, its songs have also been influenced by French, classical, pop and Broadway music.
 Credited to Various Artists, "Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" features performances by the film's main cast – Paige O'Hara, Richard White, Jesse Corti, Jerry Orbach, Angela Lansbury and Robby Benson – in order of appearance.
 Additionally, the album features recording artists Celine Dion and Peabo Bryson, who perform a pop rendition of the film's title and theme song, "Beauty and the Beast", which simultaneously serves as the soundtrack's only single.
Saw V: Original Motion Picture Score is the film score to "Saw V".
 The released score has 61 tracks, nine of which are alternates.
 Out of the 61 released tracks, 49 were featured in the film.
22 Jump Street (Original Motion Picture Score) is the official score album for the 2014 Columbia Pictures film "22 Jump Street" featuring music by composer Mark Mothersbaugh.
 The album was first released by La La Land Records on September 23, 2014 as part of a limited edition 2-CD set which also featured score from 2012 film "21 Jump Street".
 The "22 Jump Street" score album was later released digitally as a standalone album by Madison Gate Records.
Small Soldiers (Music from the Motion Picture) and Small Soldiers (Original Motion Picture Score) are the soundtrack and score to the film "Small Soldiers".
American Beauty: Original Motion Picture Score is the original score for the 1999 film composed by Thomas Newman.
