Maria Theresa (German: Maria Theresia) is a 1951 Austrian historical drama film directed by  Emil E. Reinert and starring  Paula Wessely, Fred Liewehr and Marianne Schönauer.
 It portrays the life of the eighteenth century Habsburg Empress Maria Theresa.
Orfeo ed Euridice (French version: Orphée et Eurydice ; English: "Orpheus and Eurydice") is an opera composed by Christoph Willibald Gluck based on the myth of Orpheus, set to a libretto by Ranieri de' Calzabigi.
 It belongs to the genre of the "azione teatrale", meaning an opera on a mythological subject with choruses and dancing.
 The piece was first performed at the Burgtheater in Vienna on 5 October 1762 in the presence of Empress Maria Theresa.
 "Orfeo ed Euridice" is the first of Gluck's "reform" operas, in which he attempted to replace the abstruse plots and overly complex music of "opera seria" with a "noble simplicity" in both the music and the drama.
Romolo ed Ersilia is an opera in three acts composed by Johann Adolph Hasse to an Italian-language libretto by Pietro Metastasio.
 The opera was commissioned by Empress Maria Theresa to celebrate the marriage of her son Leopold to Maria Luisa of Spain.
 The opera was first performed on 6 August 1765, the day after their wedding, in the court theatre of the Imperial Palace in Innsbruck.
 The opera received its first performance in modern times in 2011 during the Innsbruck Festival of Early Music.
Gottlieb Muffat (April 1690 – 9 December 1770), son of Georg Muffat, served as "Hofscholar" under Johann Fux in Vienna from 1711 and was appointed to the position of third court organist at the "Hofkapelle" in 1717.
 He acquired additional duties over time including the instruction of members of the Imperial family, among them the future Empress Maria Theresa.
 He was promoted to second organist in 1729 and first organist upon the accession of Maria Theresa to the throne in 1741.
 He retired from official duties at the court in 1763.
Maria Theresa of Austria (21 March 1801 – 12 January 1855) was born an Archduchess of Austria and Princess of Tuscany.
 She was a daughter of Ferdinand III, Grand Duke of Tuscany, and Luisa of Naples and Sicily.
 She was named after her double great grandmother Empress Maria Theresa.
 In 1817, she married Charles Albert of Sardinia and subsequently became the Queen of Sardinia upon her husband's accession to the throne in 1831.
The Maria Theresa thaler (MTT) is a silver bullion coin that has been used in world trade continuously since they were first minted in 1741, at that time using the then Reichsthaler standard of 9 thalers to the Vienna mark.
 In 1750 the thaler was debased to 10 thalers to the Vienna Mark (a weight approximating half a pound of fine silver).
 The following year the new standard was effectively adopted across the German-speaking world when that standard was accepted formally in the Bavarian monetary convention.
 It is owing to the date of the Bavarian Monetary convention that many writers erroneously state that the Maria Theresa Thaler was first struck in 1751.
 It was named after Empress Maria Theresa, who ruled Austria, Hungary, and Bohemia from 1740 to 1780.
 The word "thaler" gave rise to "daalder" and "daler", which became "dollar" in English.
The Military Order of Maria Theresa (German: "Militär-Maria-Theresien-Orden" , Hungarian: "Katonai Mária Terézia-rend" , Czech: "Vojenský řád Marie Terezie" , Polish: "Wojskowy Order Marii Teresy" , Slovene: "Vojaški red Marije Terezije" , Croatian: "Vojni Red Marije Terezije" was an Order of the Austro-Hungarian Empire founded on 18 June 1757, the day of the Battle of Kolin, by the Empress Maria Theresa to reward especially meritorious and valorous acts by commissioned officers, including and especially the courageous act of defeating an enemy, and thus "serving" their monarch.
 It was specifically given for "successful military acts of essential impact to a campaign that were undertaken on [the officer's] own initiative, and might have been omitted by an honorable officer without reproach."
 This gave rise to a popular myth that it was awarded for (successfully) acting against an explicit order.
 It is considered to be the highest honor for a soldier in the Austrian armed services.
Alfred Ritter von Arneth (10 July 181930 July 1897) was an Austrian historian.
 His principal scholarly work is a ten-volume biography of the Habsburg Empress Maria Theresa, first published in installments from 1863 to 1879 and still regarded as the standard work on the subject.
 Born at Vienna, he was the son of Joseph Calasanza von Arneth (1791–1863), a well-known historian and archaeologist, who wrote a history of the Austrian Empire (Vienna, 1827) and several works on numismatics and brother of Doctor Franz Hektor von Arneth (1818–1907).
Adam František Kollár de Keresztén (German: "Adam Franz Kollar von Keresztén" , Hungarian: "kereszténi Kollár Ádám Ferenc" ; 1718–1783) was a Slovak jurist, Imperial-Royal Court Councilor and Chief Imperial-Royal Librarian, a member of Natio Hungarica in the Kingdom of Hungary, a historian, ethnologist, an influential advocate of Empress Maria Theresa's Enlightened and centralist policies.
 His advancement of Maria Theresa's status in the Kingdom of Hungary as its apostolic ruler in 1772 was used as an argument in support of the subsequent Habsburg annexations of Galicia and Dalmatia.
 Kollár is also credited with coining the term "ethnology" and providing its first definition in 1783.
 Some authors see him as one of the earliest pro-Slovak, pro-Slavic, and pan-Slavic activists in the Habsburg Monarchy.
Maria Theresa or Maria Theresia most often refers to Empress Maria Theresa (1717-1780), Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, Archduchess of Austria and ruler of the rest of the Habsburg Empire (1740-1780).
