Penicillium glaucum is a mold that is used in the making of some types of blue cheese, including Bleu de Gex, Rochebaron, and some varieties of Bleu d'Auvergne and Gorgonzola.
 (Other blue cheeses, including Bleu de Bresse, Bleu du Vercors-Sassenage, Brebiblu, Cambozola, Cashel Blue, Danish blue, Fourme d'Ambert, Fourme de Montbrison, Lanark Blue, Roquefort, Shropshire Blue, and Stilton use "Penicillium roqueforti".)
Landes de Gascogne Regional Natural Park (French: "Parc naturel régional des Landes de Gascogne") is a protected area of pine forest, wetland and oceanic coastline located in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
The Basset Bleu de Gascogne (] ), also known as the Blue Gascony Basset, is a long-backed, short legged breed of dog of the hound type.
 The breed originated in the Middle Ages, descended from the Grand Bleu de Gascogne.
 It nearly became extinct around the early 19th century; its salvation was attributed to one Alain Bourbon.
 A French native breed, it is rare outside of its homeland.
 It is recognized internationally by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale, in the UK by The Kennel Club, and by the United Kennel Club in the United States.
 The "bleu" of its name is a reference to its coat which has a ticked appearance.
Côtes de Gascogne is a wine-growing district in Gascony producing principally white wine.
 It is mainly located in the département of the Gers in the French region Midi-Pyrénées, and it belongs to the wine region South West France.
 The designation Côtes de Gascogne is used for a "Vin de Pays" ("country wine") produced in the Armagnac area.
 The decree of 13 September 1968 created the difference between a "Vin de Pays" and simpler table wine, the so-called "Vin de table".
 The designation "Côtes de Gascogne" obliges the producers to respect the stricter rules and production standards, which were adopted with the decree of 25 January 1982.
The Floc de Gascogne is a regional apéritif from the Côtes de Gascogne and Armagnac regions of Sud-Ouest wine region of France.
 It is a "vin de liqueur" fortified with armagnac, the local brandy.
 It has had "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" status since 1990.
The Ariegeois is a breed of dog from the "département" of Ariège in the Midi-Pyrenées region of southern France.
 It is a medium-sized pack-hunting scenthound deriving from crossing of Grand Bleu de Gascogne and Grand Gascon-Saintongeois hounds with local Briquet dogs.
 It is used both as a courser and for driving game to waiting guns.
 While most successful with hares, it is also used for hunting deer and boar.
 It is distinguished by its friendly nature with other hounds and affection for human companions.
The Petit Bleu de Gascogne (FCI No.31) Is a breed of dog of the scenthound type, originating in France and used for hunting in packs.
 Today's breed is the descendant of a very old type of large hunting dog.
 The Petit Bleu de Gascogne is not a small (petite) dog, the name comes from its use on small game.
The Griffon Bleu de Gascogne (FCI No.32) Is a breed of dog of the scenthound type, originating in France, and is a versatile hunting dog, used on small and large game, in packs or individually.
 The Griffon Bleu de Gascogne has a speckled, rough coat.
The Grand Bleu de Gascogne (FCI No.22) is a breed of dog of the scenthound type, originating in France and used for hunting in packs.
 Today's breed is the descendant of a very old type of large hunting dog, and is an important breed in the ancestry of many other hounds.
Armagnac-Ténarèze is one of the three "terroirs" (plantation areas) in the Armagnac region of France where grapes for the distillation of the Armagnac eau-de-vie can be cultivated.
 This area lies between Bas-Armagnac and Haut-Armagnac, covering the northwestern part of the department of Gers and the southern part of Lot-et-Garonne.
 Together the three areas form a single region where Armagnac (as well as Côtes de Gascogne and Floc de Gascogne, which share the same AOC-limits) can be produced.
