The Segregated Runge-Kutta (SRK) method is a family of IMplicit-EXplicit (IMEX) Runge-Kutta methods that were developed to approximate the solution of Differential Algebraic Equations (DAE) of index 2.
Wolfgang Hackbusch (born 24 October 1948 in Westerstede, Lower Saxony) is a German mathematician, known for his pioneering research in multigrid methods and later hierarchical matrices, a concept generalizing the fast multipole method.
 He was a professor at the University of Kiel and is currently one of the directors of the Max Planck Institute for Mathematics in the Sciences in Leipzig.
In mathematics, the Trefftz method is a method for the numerical solution of partial differential equations named after the German mathematician Erich Trefftz (1888–1937).
 It falls within the class of finite element methods.
The Kutta–Joukowski theorem is a fundamental theorem of aerodynamics used for the calculation of the lift of an airfoil and any two-dimensional bodies including circular cylinders translating in a uniform fluid at a constant speed large enough so that the flow seen in the body-fixed frame is steady and unseparated.
 The theorem relates the lift generated by an airfoil to the speed of the airfoil through the fluid, the density of the fluid and the circulation around the airfoil.
 The circulation is defined as the line integral around a closed loop enclosing the airfoil of the component of the velocity of the fluid tangent to the loop.
 It is named after the German Martin Wilhelm Kutta and the Russian Nikolai Zhukovsky (or Joukowski) who first developed its key ideas in the early 20th century.
 Kutta–Joukowski theorem is an inviscid theory, but it is a good approximation for real viscous flow in typical aerodynamic applications.
In mathematics, the Runge–Kutta–Fehlberg method (or Fehlberg method) is an algorithm in numerical analysis for the numerical solution of ordinary differential equations.
 It was developed by the German mathematician Erwin Fehlberg and is based on the large class of Runge–Kutta methods.
The Kutta condition is a principle in steady-flow fluid dynamics, especially aerodynamics, that is applicable to solid bodies with sharp corners, such as the trailing edges of airfoils.
 It is named for German mathematician and aerodynamicist Martin Wilhelm Kutta.
Frank Natterer (July 20, 1941) is a German mathematician.
 He was born in Wangen im Allgäu, Germany.
 Natterer pioneered and shaped the field of mathematical methods in imaging including computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and ultrasonic imaging).
Martin Wilhelm Kutta (] ; 3 November 1867 – 25 December 1944) was a German mathematician.
In numerical analysis, the Runge–Kutta methods are a family of implicit and explicit iterative methods, which include the well-known routine called the Euler Method, used in temporal discretization for the approximate solutions of ordinary differential equations.
 These methods were developed around 1900 by the German mathematicians C. Runge and M. W. Kutta.
Carl David Tolmé Runge (] ; 30 August 1856 – 3 January 1927) was a German mathematician, physicist, and spectroscopist.
