The following is a complete list of films produced and/or distributed by American production and distribution company Dimension Films, a subsidiary of The Weinstein Company, formerly owned by The Walt Disney Company under Miramax.
 Dimension Films began in 1992, and has produced and distributed numerous genre films, largely horror, sci-fi, and action films.
 The company has owned the rights to, as well as produced and distributed, the films of several horror franchises, including the "Scream" films, the "Children of the Corn" series, "Hellraiser" series, and the "Halloween" films, among others.
Eternal Pictures was an international film distribution company, who has distributed various Christian, family and documentary films.
 The company distributed "Tugger: The Jeep 4X4 Who Wanted To Fly" in South Africa, and distributed Wemmicks, The Storykeepers and Hermie and Friends in Brazil.
The Colored Players Film Corporation, also known as The Colored Players Film Corporation of Philadelphia, was an independent silent film production company based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 Primarily founded by David Starkman and Sherman H. Dudley in 1926, the film company for the most part made silent melodramatic films that featured all African American casts.
 During its brief time operating, the production company released four films, including "A Prince of His Race" (1926), a remake of Timothy Shay Arthur’s "Ten Nights in a Bar Room" (1926) with an all black cast, "Children of Fate" (1927), and finally "The Scar of Shame" (1929).
 Of the four films the company produced only "Ten Nights in a Bar Room" and "The Scar of Shame" still remain.
The Justice League Universe (JLUDCEUUJLDCE), more commonly known by its unofficial name as the DC Extended Universe (DCEU), is an American media franchise and shared universe, centered on a series of superhero films distributed by Warner Bros.
 Pictures, based on characters that appear in publications by DC Comics.
 The shared universe, much like the original DC Universe in comic books, was established by crossing over common plot elements, settings, cast, and characters.
 The films have been in production since 2011 and in that time Warner Bros. has distributed four films with more than ten in various stages of production.
 The series has grossed over $3.1 billion at the global box office, currently making it the seventeenth highest-grossing film franchise.
This is a list of films released theatrically under the Walt Disney Pictures banner (known as that since 1983, with "Never Cry Wolf" as its first release) and films released before that under the former name of the parent company, Walt Disney Productions (1929–1983).
 Most films listed here were distributed in the United States by the company's distribution division, Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures (formerly known as Buena Vista Distribution Company [1953–1987] and Buena Vista Pictures Distribution [1987–2007]).
 The Disney features produced before "Peter Pan" (1953) were originally distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, and are now distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Patrick K. O’Donnell is an American author who has written ten books on military history.
 His most recent book is "Washington's Immortals: The Untold Story of an Elite Regiment Who Changed the Course of the Revolution".
 He received the Colby Circle Award for Outstanding Military History for his best-selling book, "Beyond Valour".
 His other works include "First SEALs: The Untold Story of the Forging of America's Most Elite Unit";"Into the Rising Sun"; "Operatives, Spies, and Saboteurs"; "We Were One: Shoulder to Shoulder With the Marines Who Took Fallujah"; "The Brenner Assignment: The Untold Story of the Most Daring Spy Mission of WWII"; "They Dared Return"; "Give Me Tomorrow: The Korean War’s Greatest Untold Story – The Epic Stand Of The Marines Of George Company"; and "Dog Company: Boys of Pointe Du Hoc Rangers Who Landed at D-Day and Fought Across Europe".
Pro-Active Entertainment Group was a United States movie distributing company based in Rancho Mirage California and founded by Leonard Levy.
 In the early 2000s, the company distributed or re-distributed many movies, including "The Satanic Rites of Dracula", "Lost on Mars" and "The Fat Spy".
 The company had several notable contracts with Raven Moon Entertainment, Inc, Ingram Entertainment Holdings Inc. and Baker & Taylor.
 Under its contract with Raven Moon Entertainment, Inc., it purchased DVDs such as "Gina D's Kids Club", "Sing A Long With Gina", and "Smile-Ability", and distributed them to major retail and video stores such as Family Video, Premiere Video, Blockbuster Video, Costco, Hollywood Video, Best Buy, Ingram, Music Land, Borders, Circuit City, Sam's Club, K-mart, Wal-Mart, Sun Coast, Albertsons, Kroger and County Market.
 Improved technology such as inexpensive computer software, cameras and other equipment helped to lower production costs, enabling many filmmakers without significant financial backing to produce films, especially for the direct-to-video or direct-to-television markets.
 Pro-Active Entertainment Group was among the distribution leaders for these new markets.
 Video recording, once viewed as a threat, proved to be a new source of income for home entertainment distributors.
 In addition to new releases, distributors re-mastered and re-released older films.
 Using the internet and help from other major distributors such as Ingram Entertainment and Baker & Taylor, the Pro-Active Entertainment Group helped many film makers distribute their products.
 Pro-Active Entertainment Group operated in California and Tennessee, managed by Levy's associate, Richard Mendelson.
 The company closed after running into legal troubles with Backyard Wrestling, Inc.
Jetlag Productions was an American-Japanese animation studio that, just like the similar studio Golden Films, has created a number of animated films based on different, popular children's stories, while at the same time creating a few original productions.
 Produced mainly for the American market, the films were animated in Japan by KKC&D Asia among South Korean companies and were later released directly to VHS through the GoodTimes Home Video distribution company.
 Years later, with the introduction of DVD, a newer department of the same company, GoodTimes Home Entertainment, distributed the films in that new format.
 The films in Jetlag's catalog were dubbed into many different languages and were distributed by international departments of the GoodTimes corporation.
 Since 2005, the Gaiam company has held the copyrights to Jetlag Productions' animated films, following GoodTimes Entertainment's filing for bankruptcy.
Cecil Satariano (1930–1996) was a Maltese film-maker, film critic, film censor and author.
 A self-taught amateur film maker he bought his first cine camera, a Canon 518 Super 8 camera as a Christmas present to himself in 1968.
 In 1970 his first film ""I'm Furious...Red"" gained a Ten Best award in the UK "Movie Maker" magazine competition, the first Super 8 film to do so.
 The following year with ""Giuseppi"" he won the top award in the same competition.
 His subsequent films ""The Beach"" and ""Ilona"" did not achieve the same recognition although ""The Beach"" also received a Ten Best trophy.
 His next film ""Katarin"" was shot on 16mm and took several years to make including the preparation of an English language soundtrack. "
"Katarin"" was not entered into the Ten Best Competition but was distributed to cinemas by EMI in the UK as a short film.
DreamWorks Pictures (also known as DreamWorks SKG or DreamWorks Studios, commonly referred to as DreamWorks, trading as Storyteller Distribution Co., LLC) is an American film production label of Amblin Partners.
 The studio was formerly distributing its own and third-party films by itself.
 It has produced or distributed more than ten films with box-office grosses of more than $100 million each.
 As of October 2016, DreamWorks' films are marketed and distributed by Universal Pictures.
