Dean Ellis Kohler is an American rock musician from Portsmouth, Virgina who has been active in various groups and as a solo artist since 1962.
 That year he formed Dean & the Mustangs, who later changed their name and recorded demos as the Satellites.
 In 1966 Kohler was drafted into the army as an MP in the Vietnam War.
 While stationed in Qui Nhơn, he formed the group, the Electrical Banana, who recorded several songs in an army tent, amongst which a version of Lou Reed's "There She Goes Again" and Kohler's original, "She's Gone" were pressed as an acetate and have come to the attention of garage rock enthusiasts.
 In 1968, when he returned from duty to Portsmouth, he assembled a backing band and recorded the single "Goosebury Pie".
 Later in 1968, he formed the band, the Soft Light, and by the end of the decade the hard rock group, Mad Max (not to be confused with the German group of the same name), who remained active into the 1970s.
 He chronicled his Vietnam War experiences in "Rock 'N' Roll Soldier: A Memoir", published in 2009.
 Kohler's recordings with the Satellites and the Electrical Banana are included on the compilation, "Aliens, Psychos & Wild Things, Volume 1", and "Goosebury Pie" on "Essential Pebbles, Volume 2."
This is the discography of The Hellacopters, a Swedish rock band active between 1994 and 2008.
 The band was formed by Nicke Andersson (vocals and guitar), Dregen (guitar), Robban Eriksson (drums) and Kenny Håkansson (bass).
 The band released their Swedish Grammis-winning debut album in 1996.
 Soon the band recruited The Diamond Dogs guitarist Anders Lindström to play keyboard shortly before being the opening act to Kiss With the success of the band's second album Andersson was able to leave his other band Entombed to focus full-time on The Hellacopters.
 During the tour in support of the album, guitarist Dregen chose to leave the band to focus his time on his other band The Backyard Babies; to fulfill their touring responsibilities the band recruited Danne Andersson and Mattias Hellberg to fill in during the remaining dates of the tour.
 With Hellberg and Lindström taking the place of Dregen during the recording of the band's third album, the band changed their sound from their dirtier garage rock and garage punk sound to a more classic 1970s rock sound.
 The band then hired Robert Dahlqvist as a full-time guitarist, solidifying the band's lineup until its breakup.
 With Dahlqvist on board the band released three more studio albums and a cover album, with many EPs and limited edition releases as well.
 The Hellacopters disbanded amicably in 2008 so the members could move on to other projects.
Starfuckers was an Italian avant-garde experimental rock/art rock band primarily from the 1990s.
 The band is considered a notable part of the Italian rock genre and one of the more "out there" bands during its active tenure.
 Starfuckers formed in 1987 and the band's first album of five came in 1989.
 It changed its name to Sinistri in 2000.
Still Life was a 3-piece rock band originally from Moorpark, California and then the San Fernando Valley, California.
 They are credited for helping pioneer the first wave of what is often referred to as emo/emocore /screamo bands in this subgenre that is rooted in punk rock.
 They started in the late 80s with the name Monster Club.
 They changed their name in 1991 after the departure of the original lead singer Rick Rodney who joined the band Strife.
 They were active until 2003 when all of their instruments were stolen from Chris Pitzel's truck parked on the street in front of their house after a show.
 Former Members Paul Rauch and David Pitzel have started a new band named Old Ground and continue to use Still Life's label, Sunflower Tribe.
Analogy was a German and Italian psychedelic rock, progressive rock band, active in the 1970s.
 The band was launched by the guitarist Martin Thurn when attending the European School, Varese.
 In 1968, Thurn founded a band called Sons of Glove.
 Other members were Wolfgang Schoene, Thomas Schmidt (later Pell Mell) and Jutta Nienhaus.
 The band later renamed itself to Joice (due to a misprint later as The Yoice) in 1970 with drummer Hermann-Jürgen Nienhaus (brother of Jutta) and Mauro Rattaggi (bass), the only Italian member of the band.
 During a music festival in Arona, a spontaneous collaboration happened with keyboarder Nikola Pankoff whilst playing a free interpretation of Pink Floyd's "Atom Heart Mother".
 Pankoff became a band member thereafter.
 Finally, in 1972, after becoming a more centered progressive rock band, they decided to change their name to Analogy.
 Their first release was the single "Sold Out" / "God's Own Land", two songs written by Thurn.
 At the end of the year, Rattaggi had to join the army and left the band.
 Schoene changed to the bass guitar.
The Hangmen were an American garage rock band from Rockville, Maryland who were active in the 1960s.
 In an effort to distinguish themselves from other American groups and tie-in with the popular British Invasion, they lured Scottish vocalist Dave Ottley to join the group.
 Eventually they became the most popular band in the Washington, DC area, having a huge regional hit with "What a Girl Can’t Do", that appeared on Monument Records, but had actually been recorded by an earlier local group, the Reekers, whose membership included two future Hangmen, Tom Guernsey and Bob Berberich.
 The single was nonetheless credited to the Hangmen.
 The song became so popular that the band was greeted with near "Beatlemanic" adoration from fans, whose enthusiasm on one occasion erupted into a near riot.
 The group followed-up with the single "Faces", which featured more aggressive sound, replete with a snide vocal from Ottley and a razor-like fuzz-driven guitar riff.
 Ottley shortly thereafter departed from the band and was replaced by Tony Taylor.
 The group, now with Taylor, went to Nashville to record the album "Bittersweet", which displayed a more eclectic and relaxed approach, which, despite its closing song, a raucous version of Van Morrison's' Gloria", stood in marked contrast to their previous efforts.
 The album's opening cut was sitar-embellished version of "Dream Baby, which was also released as a single.
 After additional rounds of lineup changes and in an effort to emphasize their increasingly psychedelic orientation, the Hangmen changed their name to the Button.
 As the Button, they taped an unreleased set of songs for RCA Records in New York, but subsequently changed their name to Graffiti and recorded briefly for ABC Records.
Pre-Creedence is a compilation album by The Golliwogs which changed its name to Creedence Clearwater Revival (CCR) in 1968.
 This album was released in 1975 after the band had disbanded.
The Crash was a pop rock band from Turku, Finland, originally influenced by Britpop but later taking its lead from a diverse range of genres including Motown, disco, new wave and 80's rock.
 The band formed after Teemu Brunila and Samuli Haataja met in 1991, with both Erkki Kaila and Dani Aavinen joining to complete the line up.
 Originally, the band was called Ladies & Gentlemen, but later changed its name to New Deal, then again changed it to The Crush.
 In 1998, the name was changed to The Crash and Dani Aavinen was replaced by keyboard player, Toni Ahola.
Without Grace are a rock band from Guildford, Surrey.
 They have recently announced on their web page that they will be taking a break from the band to pursue any other careers.
 "Without Grace", originally called Jelutong, met at the age of 13 at school.
 Jon and Matt where the first members of the band to play together, playing in bands from the age of 11.
 After leaving school the band changed their name to "Without Grace" and signed to Management company "Hug Management".
 In 2004 the band signed to Universal and recorded their debut single 20 Yards Away which was never released after the band was dropped when their A&R left.
 The band, still determined, recorded their debut album at Invincible Studios and released it in 2006 through Genius Twin.
 The band split in 2007 due to the members drifting apart musically.
 Singer Markus formed a solo project, entitled Spotlight Cannibal, keeping Jonty on drums, but more recently he has been fronting the hard rock band The Royal Cartel who have supported Marillion.
 Matt went on to from Flame to Fire with previous members of rock band Radiate, Steve Bradfield and G Rubery.
She was an all-female American garage rock band from Sacramento, California that was active between 1964 and 1971.
 Originally called the Id, the band later changed its name to the Hairem, where its members recorded several tracks that remained unissued for many years.
 Though the group was known for a raw sound, as the decade passed they incorporated psychedelic influences and eventually changed their name to She.
 In 1970, as She, they released the single, "Boy Little Boy" b/w "Outta Reach".
 Since 1999, with the release of the "She Wants a Piece of You" compilation, the group's work has come to the attention of garage rock enthusiasts.
