The African mammoth, "Mammuthus africanavus" (literally, "African ancestor mammoth"), is the second oldest of mammoth species, having first appeared around 3 million years ago during the late Pliocene, with a last appearance around 1.65 million years ago in the early Pleistocene.
 Its fossils have been found in Chad, Libya, Morocco and Tunisia.
 It was relatively small and is seen as the direct ancestor of "M. meriodionalis", although its tusk diverged more widely from its skull than later species of mammoth, which might indicate that it was an evolutionary dead end.
Urus Khan was the eighth Khan of the White Horde and a disputed Khan of the Blue Horde; he was a direct descendant of Genghis Khan.
 Urus himself was the direct ancestor of the khans of the Kazakh Khanate.
Monkeypox virus (MPV) is a double-stranded DNA, zoonotic virus and a species of the genus "Orthopoxvirus" in the family Poxviridae.
 It is one of the human orthopoxviruses that includes variola (VARV), cowpox (CPX), and vaccinia (VACV) viruses.
 But it is not a direct ancestor to, nor a direct descendent of, the variola virus which causes smallpox.
 The monkeypox virus causes a disease that is similar to smallpox, but with a milder rash and lower death rate.
 Variation in virulence of the virus has been observed in isolates from Central Africa where strains are more virulent than those from Western Africa.
Burchard I (died 5 or 23 November 911) was the Duke of Alamannia from 909 to his death and margrave of Raetia Curiensis, as well as Count in the Thurgau and Baar.
 Born between 855 and 860, He was the son of Adalbert II, Count in the Thurgau.
 Burchard married Liutgard of Saxony.
 He is a direct ancestor of Queen Elizabeth II .
Marcus Livius Drusus Claudianus ("fl.
" 1st century BC) was a senator of the Roman Republic.
 He was born with the name "Appius Claudius Pulcher", into the patrician family of the Claudii.
 According to Suetonius, Drusus was a direct descendant of the consul and censor Appius Claudius Caecus.
 He was descended from Caecus via the first Appius Claudius Pulcher, who was consul in 212 BC and Caecus's great-grandson.
 His daughter Livia became the wife of the first Roman Emperor Augustus, and he was thus a direct ancestor of the Julio-Claudian emperors Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius and Nero.
Count Jacques Andres Coghen (31 October 1791 in Brussels – 15 May 1858 in Brussels) was the second Minister of Finance of the Kingdom of Belgium (1831-1832), and a direct ancestor of the current King, Philippe of Belgium.
Australopithecus afarensis (Latin: "Southern ape from Afar") is an extinct hominin that lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago.
 "A. afarensis" was slenderly built, like the younger "Australopithecus africanus".
 "A. afarensis" is thought to be more closely related to the genus "Homo" (which includes the modern human species "Homo sapiens"), whether as a direct ancestor or a close relative of an unknown ancestor, than any other known primate from the same time.
 Some researchers include "A. afarensis" in the genus "Praeanthropus".
Janet Ann Doub spent her early years in Boonsboro, Maryland, on farmland her father’s ancestors had settled in the eighteenth century and subsequently farmed continuously.
 She moved to New England in the nineteen thirties to be closer to her mother’s family, who were descended from New England's earliest pioneers.
 One direct ancestor, the aristocratic Henry Sherburne of Portsmouth, New Hampshire numbered among New Hampshire's first English settlers, arriving there in 1632, a little more than a decade after the Mayflower landed on Cape Cod.
 Sherburne and his descendants settled New England and beyond as the frontier moved west.
 Another maternal ancestor was Thomas Wiggin, the first governor of the province of New Hampshire.
 Mid-Atlantic, her father's Maryland forebears were the pioneering German Palatine Doub (family), active in Western Maryland before and after American independence from England.
 These pietist Doubs were early and active members of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ.
 This conservative Trinitarian church claims to be the first Christian denomination founded in America and from its early days took a strong stand against slavery.
Australopithecus garhi is a 2.5-million-year-old gracile australopithecine species whose fossils were discovered in 1996 by a research team led by Ethiopian paleontologist Berhane Asfaw and Tim White, an American paleontologist.
 The hominin remains are believed to be a human ancestor species and possibly the direct ancestor to the human genus, "Homo".
Ashta-kashte is a race board game from Bengal akin to the Cross and Circle family for two to four players originating in India.
 Although there is no evidence for that, it is considered by some as the direct ancestor of "Pachisi".
 It is played on a board with a 7-by-7 grid on it.
 It is similar to Ashtam changam pe where there is a 5-by-5 grid on the board.
