William Penn University is a private, liberal arts university in Oskaloosa, Iowa, United States.
 It was founded by members of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) in 1873 as Penn College.
 In 1933, the name was changed to William Penn College, and finally to William Penn University in 2000.
The Province of Pennsylvania, also known as the Pennsylvania Colony, was founded in English North America by William Penn on March 4, 1681 as dictated in a royal charter granted by King Charles II.
 The name Pennsylvania, which translates roughly as "Penn's Woods", was created by combining the Penn surname (in honor of William's father, Admiral Sir William Penn) with the Latin word "sylvania", meaning "forest land."
 The Province of Pennsylvania was one of the two major Restoration colonies, the other being the Province of Carolina.
 The proprietary colony's charter remained in the hands of the Penn family until the American Revolution, when the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was created and became one of the original thirteen states.
The Manor of Gilberts was one of the areas of land that William Penn set aside for himself as the Proprietor of the Province of Pennsylvania.
 The Manor was located on the along the left (northeastern) bank of the Schuylkill River, extending above and below the Perkiomen Creek.
 The Manor was created on 8 October 1683 when Penn wrote a warrant assigning the Manor to himself.
 The Gilberts were Willam Penn's mother's family.
William Penn Charter School (commonly known as Penn Charter or simply PC) is an independent school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, founded in 1689 at the urging of William Penn as the "Public Grammar School" and chartered in 1698 to be operated by the "Overseers of the public School, founded by Charter in the town & County of Philadelphia" in Pennsylvania.
 It is the oldest Quaker school in the world, the oldest elementary school in Pennsylvania, and the fifth oldest elementary school in the United States following The Collegiate School (1628), Boston Latin School (1635), Hartford Public High School (1638), and Roxbury Latin (1645).
Born in Stoke Climsland, Cornwall, he was the 4th son of Henry Grubb Jr. and Wilmot (maiden name unknown).
 Henry was an early Quaker who was imprisoned several times for his beliefs.
 With no chance of being established in his home village, John and his older brother Henry came to West Jersey in 1677 on the Kent, the first ship of settlers organized by William Penn.
 While he arrived without the funds required to buy his own land, by 1682, he earned enough money to acquire a one-third interest in a 600 acre tract on Naaman's Creek in Brandywine Hundred where he built his tannery.
 John was one of the early settlers who greeted William Penn in 1682 when he arrived in New Castle before he founded Philadelphia.
 Ultimately Penn and Grubb clashed over property they jointly owned and were unable to settle the dispute in their lifetimes.
William Penn High School, also known as William Penn or simply Penn, is a four-year comprehensive, coeducational public high school located in New Castle, Delaware, United States.
The Camptown Historic District, also known as the La Mott Historic District and Camp William Penn, is a national historic district located in La Mott, Pennsylvania.
 It is well known for the residence of famous abolitionist and suffragette Lucretia Mott.
 It was also a stop on the Underground Railroad.
 It played a crucial role in the Civil War; from 1863 to 1865, it housed Camp William Penn, a military training post for African-American soldiers.
 Following the war, many of the soldiers bought homes in the area.
 The area was said to be named "Camptown," but, since there was already another community in Pennsylvania that used that name, the name "La Mott" was chosen when the post office was established in 1885.
 The district covers 26 acres, and includes 35 contributing buildings.
The square, bounded by Smithfield Street, William Penn Place, and Oliver and Sixth Avenues, is surrounded by prominent downtown buildings including the Oliver Building, 525 William Penn Place, Omni William Penn Hotel, and the Regional Enterprise Tower.
 It has long been a popular lunchtime destination for downtown workers.
 In addition, retail shops are housed underneath it, along the Smithfield Street side of the square.
The monument at the William Penn Landing Site marks the spot of the first landing of William Penn on the territory of Pennsylvania, on October 28 or 29, 1682 (O.S.).
 Penn, the founder of the Province of Pennsylvania, landed in the only town in the province, then known as Upland, but since known as Chester.
Zak Penn (born March 23, 1968) is an American screenwriter and director.
 Penn wrote and directed "Incident at Loch Ness" and "The Grand", and co-wrote the scripts for "X2", "" and the story for "The Avengers".
 With Michael Karnow, Penn is the co-creator of the TV series "Alphas" on the Syfy network.
