The Imperial House of Japan (皇室 , kōshitsu ) , also referred to as the Imperial Family, and the Yamato dynasty, comprises those members of the extended family of the reigning Emperor of Japan who undertake official and public duties.
 Under the present Constitution of Japan, the Emperor is "the symbol of the State and of the unity of the people".
 Other members of the imperial family perform ceremonial and social duties, but have no role in the affairs of government.
 The duties as an Emperor are passed down the line to their children and so on.
Joy Bangla (Bengali: জয় বাংলা ; meaning "Victory to Bengal") was the slogan and war cry of the Mukti Bahini that fought for the independence of Bangladesh during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971.
 In Bangladesh Liberation War, 27 March 1971 Major Ziaur Rahman broadcast announcement of the declaration of independence on behalf of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and he finished with "Joy Bangla".
Prince Nashimoto Morimasa (梨本宮守正王 , Nashimoto no miya Morimasa ō , 9 March 1874 – 2 January 1951) was a member of the Japanese Imperial Family and a "Gensui" (Marshal-General) in the Imperial Japanese Army.
 An uncle-in-law of Emperor Shōwa, an uncle of his consort, Empress Kōjun, and the father-in-law of Crown Prince Euimin of Korea, Prince Nashimoto was the only member of the Imperial Family arrested for war crimes during the American occupation of Japan following the Second World War.
The Kyu-Miyake (旧宮家 , literally former Miyake ) , also known as the Old Imperial Family (旧皇族), were branches of the Japanese Imperial Family created from branches of the Fushimi-no-miya house.
 All but one of the "ōke" were formed by the descendants of Prince Fushimi Kuniye.
 The ōke were stripped of their membership in the Imperial Family by the American Occupation Authorities in October 1947, as part of the abolition of collateral imperial houses.
 After that point, only the immediate family of Hirohito and those of his three brothers retained membership in the Imperial Family.
 However, unofficial heads of these collateral families still exist for most and are listed herein.
Victory over Japan Day (also known as V-J Day, Victory in the Pacific Day, or V-P Day) is the day on which Imperial Japan surrendered in World War II, in effect ending the war.
 The term has been applied to both of the days on which the initial announcement of Japan's surrender was made – to the afternoon of August 15, 1945, in Japan, and, because of time zone differences, to August 14, 1945 (when it was announced in the United States and the rest of the Americas and Eastern Pacific Islands) – as well as to September 2, 1945, when the signing of the surrender document occurred, officially ending World War II.
The Imperial House of France during the First French Empire consisted of the family members of Napoleon, including the House of Bonaparte, who held imperial titles as Emperor, Empress, Imperial Prince or French Prince, and who were in the order of succession to the French imperial throne in accordance with the French constitution of 1804.
 According to Title III, Article 9 ("The Imperial Family"), "the members of the imperial family in the order of succession, bear the title of Princes of France ("princes français")" and "the eldest son of the Emperor bears the title Prince Imperial ("prince impérial")."
] , Latin for "majestic," "the increaser," or "venerable"), was an ancient Roman title given as both name and title to Gaius Octavius (often referred to simply as Augustus), Rome's first Emperor.
 On his death, it became an official title of his successor, and was so used by Roman emperors thereafter.
 The feminine form Augusta was used for Roman empresses and other females of the Imperial family.
 The masculine and feminine forms originated in the time of the Roman Republic, in connection with things considered divine or sacred in traditional Roman religion.
 Their use as titles for major and minor Roman deities of the Empire associated the Imperial system and Imperial family with traditional Roman virtues and the divine will, and may be considered a feature of the Roman Imperial cult.
The Kyūjō incident (宮城事件 , Kyūjō Jiken ) was an attempted military coup d'état in Japan at the end of the Second World War.
 It happened on the night of 14–15 August 1945, just before the announcement of Japan's surrender to the Allies.
 The coup was attempted by the Staff Office of the Ministry of War of Japan and many from the Imperial Guard of Japan to stop the move to surrender.
The surrender of Imperial Japan was announced on August 15 and formally signed on September 2, 1945, bringing the hostilities of World War II to a close.
 By the end of July 1945, the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) was incapable of conducting major operations and an Allied invasion of Japan was imminent.
 Together with the British Empire and China, the United States called for the unconditional surrender of the Japanese armed forces in the Potsdam Declaration on July 26, 1945—the alternative being "prompt and utter destruction".
 While publicly stating their intent to fight on to the bitter end, Japan's leaders (the Supreme Council for the Direction of the War, also known as the "Big Six") were privately making entreaties to the still-neutral Soviet Union to mediate peace on terms more favorable to the Japanese.
 Meanwhile, the Soviets were preparing to attack Japanese forces in Manchuria and Korea (in addition to South Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands) in fulfillment of promises they had secretly made to the United States and the United Kingdom at the Tehran and Yalta Conferences.
General Prince Naruhiko Higashikuni (東久邇宮稔彦王 , Higashikuni-no-miya Naruhiko Ō , 3 December 1887 – 20 January 1990) was a Japanese imperial prince, a career officer in the Imperial Japanese Army and the 30th Prime Minister of Japan from 17 August 1945 to 9 October 1945, a period of 54 days.
 An uncle-in-law of Emperor Hirohito twice over, Prince Higashikuni was the only member of the Japanese imperial family to head a cabinet and was the last general officer of the Imperial Japanese military to become Prime Minister.
 He was the founder of the Chiba Institute of Technology.
