The Zoo Story is a one-act play by American playwright Edward Albee.
 His first play, it was written in 1958 and completed in just three weeks.
 The play explores themes of isolation, loneliness, miscommunication as anathematization, social disparity and dehumanization in a commercial world.
 Now, professional theatre companies can only produce "The Zoo Story" as a part of "Edward Albee's at Home at the Zoo" (originally titled "Peter and Jerry").
The Edward F. Albee Foundation was started by its namesake, playwright Edward Albee, in 1967, after revenue from his play Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
 proved abundant.
Finding the Sun is a one-act play by American playwright Edward Albee.
Jack Gelber (April 12, 1932 – May 9, 2003) was an American playwright best known for his 1959 drama "The Connection", depicting the life of drug-addicted jazz musicians.
 The first great success of the Living Theatre, the play was translated into five languages and produced in ten nations.
 Gelber continued to work and write in New York, where he also taught writing, directing and drama as a professor, chiefly at Brooklyn College, City University of New York, where he created the MFA program in playwriting.
 In 1999 he received the Edward Albee Last Frontier Playwright Award in recognition of his lifetime of achievements in theatre.
Reed Adalbert Albee (8 September 1885 – 2 August 1961) was an American businessman.
 He is most noted as the adoptive father of the American playwright Edward Albee and for being a member of a prominent East Coast family who owned several theaters.
The Oppenheimer Award (also known as the Newsday George Oppenheimer Award or the Oppy) was named after the late playwright and Newsday drama critic George Oppenheimer.
 It was awarded annually to the best New York debut production by an American playwright for a non-musical play.
 The selection committee has included playwrights Edward Albee, Wendy Wasserstein, James Lapine, and Richard Greenberg.
 The award carries a $5,000 cash prize.
 The first award of $1,000, to the play Getting Out by Marsha Norman, was made in 1979, two years after Oppenheimer's death.
 It was discontinued in 2007.
Steven Dietz (born June 23, 1958) is an American playwright.
 With the exception of "Fiction", produced Off-Broadway by the Roundabout Theatre Company in 2004, the vast majority of Dietz's plays are produced in American regional theaters.
 During the 2015-16 season, Dietz premiered three new plays: "Bloomsday" (American Theatre Critics Association Steinberg New Play Award Citation), "This Random World" (Humana Festival of New American Plays), and the thriller "On Clover Road" (National New Play Network rolling world premiere).
 In 2010, Dietz was once again named one of the most produced playwrights in America (excluding Shakespeare), placing eighth on the list of the Top Ten Most Produced Playwrights in America, tied with Tennessee Williams and Edward Albee for number of productions.
 Other recent plays include the black comedy, "Rancho Mirage", and the contemporary riff on Arthur Schnitzler's "Reigen" entitled "American la Ronde".
 Dietz has taught in the MFA Playwriting and Directing programs at the University of Texas at Austin since 2006 .
 In addition, he is a Dramatists Guild "Traveling Master", teaching workshops and master classes on playwriting and story-making around the U.S.
Three Tall Women is a play by Edward Albee, which won the 1994 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, Albee's third.
The American Dream is an early, one-act play by American playwright Edward Albee.
Edward Albee's At Home at the Zoo (formerly titled "Peter & Jerry") is a play by Edward Albee which adds a first act to his 1959 play "The Zoo Story".
 This first act, also called "Homelife", revolves around the marriage of Peter and Ann and ends with Peter leaving to go read a book in Central Park.
