The Masters and Johnson research team, composed of William H. Masters and Virginia E. Johnson, pioneered research into the nature of human sexual response and the diagnosis and treatment of sexual disorders and dysfunctions from 1957 until the 1990s.
William Howell Masters (December 27, 1915 – February 16, 2001) was an American gynecologist, best known as the senior member of the Masters and Johnson sexuality research team.
 Along with his wife Virginia E. Johnson, he pioneered research into the nature of human sexual response and the diagnosis and treatment of sexual dysfunctions and disorders from 1957 until the 1990s.
Alphapets is a series of children's books by Ruth Lerner Perle, Deborah Colvin Borgo, Judy Blankenship and Richard Max Kolding.
 They are similar to the "Sweet Pickles" books in that each letter of the alphabet is represented in a separate book with an animal representing each letter.
 Each story was filled with words and objects that begin with the letter of the alphabet featured in that book.
 A special word page at the end of each book provided extra practice in identifying letters and words.
 The series was initially published in the early 1990s.
Dana L. Shires, Jr. (born November 22, 1932) is an American physician, research scientist, and inventor.
 He was a member of the research team that did the work leading to the invention of Gatorade.
 He is the co-founder and former CEO of LifeLink Foundation, an organization created to promote, support and assist in the transplantation therapy of organs and tissues.
Virginia E. Johnson, born Mary Virginia Eshelman (February 11, 1925 – July 24, 2013), was an American sexologist, best known as a member of the Masters and Johnson sexuality research team.
 Along with William H. Masters, she pioneered research into the nature of human sexual response and the diagnosis and treatment of sexual dysfunctions and disorders from 1957 until the 1990s.
Sheep is a horror novel by British author Simon Maginn, originally published in 1994 and reissued in 1997.
 It is now out of print.
 The book provided the basis for the 2005 film "The Dark", although the plot changed drastically in the conversion from book to film.
Bruce Bode, MD, FACE is a diabetes specialist with the Atlanta Diabetes Associates in Atlanta, GA and is a clinical associate professor at Emory University in the Department of Medicine.
 He has served on the board of directors of the Atlanta chapters of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF), the American Diabetes Association (ADA), and various Georgia-based diabetes camps.
 Bode is a member of the board of directors of Glytec and an active member of the JDRF research team validating the efficacy and safety of real-time continuous glucose monitoring (CGMS), and is a former president of the ADA Georgia Affiliate and editor of the ADA's 2004 edition of Medical Management of Type 1 Diabetes.
Josef Peukert (22 January 1855 – 3 March 1910) was a German Bohemian anarchist known for his autobiographical book "Memoirs from the proletarian revolutionary labour movement" (German: "Erinnerungen eines Proletariers aus der revolutionären Arbeiterbewegung" ).
 The book provided a glimpse into the early days of the radical labour movement in Austria, the start of the anarchist movement in Germany and the exile of the anarchists in London and America at the time of Socialist Law (1878-1890).
 The accuracy of the book was questioned by fellow anarchist and historian Max Nettlau, who looked upon it in a "highly-skeptical" manner.
Berlin Diary (1934–1941) is a first-hand account of the rise of Nazi Germany and its road to war, as witnessed by the American journalist William L. Shirer.
 Shirer, a radio reporter for CBS, covered Germany for several years until the Nazi press censors made it impossible for him to report objectively to his listeners in the United States; feeling increasingly uncomfortable, he left the country.
 The identities of many of Shirer's German sources were disguised to protect these people from retaliation by the German secret police, the Gestapo.
 The contents of this book provided much of the material for his landmark book "The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich".
Fukomys vandewoestijneae or Caroline’s mole rat was first noticed in 2002 by a research team from the University of Ghent.
 This new species, distinguished by a distinctive skull shape, was recently described by Paul Van Daele and his team in Zootaxa while DNA and chromosome tests confirmed its novelty.
 The new species was named after Van Daele's late wife, Caroline Van De Woestijne, who was a member of the research team and died of malaria while in Africa.
