Chanda Rubin and Arantxa Sánchez Vicario were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Rubin with Brenda Schultz-McCarthy and Sánchez Vicario with Larisa Savchenko.
Chanda Rubin and Brenda Schultz-McCarthy were the defending champions but only Rubin competed that year with Mary Joe Fernandez.
Lisa Raymond and Rennae Stubbs were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals to Anna Kournikova and Chanda Rubin.
Chanda Rubin and Sandrine Testud were the defending champions, but none competed this year.
 Rubin decided to focus on the singles tournament, while Testud decided to rest after competing on the World Group Play-offs of the Fed Cup.
Linda Harvey-Wild and Chanda Rubin were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Harvey-Wild with Leila Meskhi and Rubin with Kristie Boogert.
The 2003 Hastings Direct International Championships was a women's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Eastbourne Tennis Centre in Eastbourne in the United Kingdom that was part of Tier II of the 2003 WTA Tour.
 It was the 29th edition of the tournament and was held from June 16 through June 21, 2003.
 Chanda Rubin won the singles title.
Chanda Rubin and Brenda Schultz-McCarthy were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
The 1997 EA-Generali Ladies Linz was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Intersport Arena in Linz in Austria that was part of Tier III of the 1997 WTA Tour.
 The tournament was held from February 3 through February 9, 1997.
 Chanda Rubin won the singles title.
Chanda Rubin (born February 18, 1976) is an American tennis player.
 Winning seven WTA Tour singles titles, she reached her highest ranking at World No. 6 on April 8, 1996, after reaching semifinals at the 1996 Australian Open.
 Rubin is also former World No. 9 in doubles, winning the Australian Open in 1996 partnering with Arantxa Sánchez Vicario.
Chanda Rubin and Arantxa Sánchez Vicario were the defending champions, but competed this year with different partners.
 Rubin teamed up with Brenda Schultz-McCarthy and were eliminated in third round, while Sánchez Vicario teamed up with Gigi Fernández and lost in semifinals.
