Sunbeam Products is an American brand that has produced electric home appliances since 1910.
 Its products have included the Mixmaster mixer, the Sunbeam CG waffle iron, Coffeemaster (1938–1964) and the fully automatic T20 toaster.
 Sunbeam was owned by Jarden Consumer Solutions after Jarden's acquisition in 2004.
 Since Newell Rubbermaid's purchase of Jarden Corporation, the brand has been owned by the newly formed Newell Brands company.
The United States Playing Card Company, established in 1867, produces and distributes many brands of playing cards, including "Bicycle", "Bee", "Hoyle", "Kem", and others, plus novelty and custom cards, and other playing card accessories such as poker chips.
 The company was once based in Cincinnati, Ohio, but is now headquartered in the Cincinnati suburb of Erlanger, Kentucky.
 It is currently a subsidiary of Newell Brands.
Diptyque is a Paris-based luxury goods company that produces a high-end line of scented candles, perfumes, face and body care.
 The name Diptyque is from Ancient Greek δίπτυχος (díptykhos) and refers to a painting or sculpture composed of two panels.
The Yankee Candle Company (referred to simply as Yankee Candle) is an American manufacturer and retailer of scented candles, candleholders, accessories, and dinnerware.
 Its products are sold by thousands of gift shops nationwide, through catalogs, and online, and in nearly 50 countries around the world.
 The company operates about 560 small-box format stores, located in malls across all fifty 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and nine locations in Ontario, Canada.
 The company is headquartered in South Deerfield, Massachusetts.
Vie Luxe International is a New York City-based company that produces scented candles.
Newell Brands is an American worldwide marketer of consumer and commercial products with a portfolio of brands including Rubbermaid food storage, home organization and reusable container products; Contigo and Bubba water bottles; Coleman outdoor products; Diamond matches; Sharpie, Expo Markers, PaperMate, Dymo, Elmer's, Krazy Glue, Mr. Sketch, Parker Pens, Uniball, Prismacolor, Rotring, Xacto, Waterman, Berol stationery products; Bicycle and Bee Playing Cards; Aprica, Nuk, Tigex, Babysun, Baby Jogger and Graco children's products; First Alert alarm systems; Calphalon cookware and kitchen electrics; Sunbeam, Rival, Crock-Pot, Holmes, FoodSaver, Oster, Osterizer, Mr. Coffee small kitchen appliances; Yankee Candle candles; and Goody hair care accessories.
Glade (/gleɪd/) is an S. C. Johnson & Son brand of household air fresheners that were first introduced in 1956.
 The family of products include: Aerosol Sprays, Candles, Car Scented Oil, Carpet & Room, Glass Scents, PlugIns, PlugIns Scented Gel, PlugIns Scented Oil, Press'n Fresh, Secrets, Scented Oil Candles, and Wisp.
 Glade is a worldwide brand, known variously around the world as Glade, Gleid, Brise (Germany, France, and the Netherlands), etc.
 Brise was renamed in Glade in Germany, France, and the Netherlands in 2012.
Nadya A.R. is a Pakistani author.
 She was born on 6 November 1971, in Lahore, Pakistan.
 Nadya is a life-long learner and educationalist.
 She is a dreamer and dreams of a more peaceful and tolerant world for everyone.
 Her greatest inspiration is her father, Dr Arshad Malik, and his compilations of beautiful Urdu poetry.
 Nadya’s dreams and vision are fuelled by her diverse reading and authors across the globe.
 She loves learning about art, history, different cultures and exploring the world.
 She is a meticulous researcher, and her favorite places are cafes and libraries-where she can spend hours jotting notes and organizing information.
 Nadya collects notebooks and actually writes her entire first draft in her unusual, carefully selected journals.
 Her desk is surrounded by wooden and porcelain animals, beautiful pens, colorful folders, scented candles and inspiring quotations-which motivate her to write regularly.
 Nadya loves nature, long walks, fresh air, plenty of sunshine-and the ability to wake up in the morning like a child-free to discover the joys and wonders of a new day
Joanne Lesley Malone MBE (born November 1963) is a British perfumer, the founder of Jo Malone London and Jo Loves.
 She is particularly known for scented candles.
Entenmann's is a company that manufactures baked goods and delivers them to supermarkets and other retailers for sale to the public.
 The company offers dessert cakes, donuts, cookies, cup cakes, loaf cakes, pies, cereal bars, muffins, Danish pastries, crumb cakes, and buns amongst other baked goods.
 In the past several years, they have added designer coffee flavors along with scented candles to their product line in an effort to broaden its appeal.
