Košarkarski Klub Plama Pur (English: Plama Pur Basketball Club ) is a basketball club located in Ilirska Bistrica, Slovenia.
 It currently competes in the Slovenian Second Basketball League.
BC Alytus (Lithuanian: Krepšinio Klubas Alytus ) is the historical basketball club of Alytus, Lithuania.
 It was founded in 2005 and participated in the Lietuvos Krepšinio Lyga (Lithuanian Basketball League) and the Baltic Basketball League for a few seasons.
 In 2011 BC Alytus went to bankruptcy, and another basketball club, called BC Savanoris, was established in Alytus.
The Macclesfield Basketball Club is a basketball club recently reformed in 2011 in South Australia's Adelaide Hills.
 In previous years, the Basketball club had low numbers and the association and club folded.
 But, in 2011, a few residents of the Macclesfield town in South Australia decided to reopen the club after a rising number of people requesting that basketball return to the town.
 After forming the first committee, registration forms were sent out to interested players and from there, the club has boomed.
BC Dzūkija (Lithuanian: "Krepšinio klubas Dzūkija" ) is a basketball club located in Alytus, Lithuania.
 It was founded in 2012 and currently participates in the Lithuanian Basketball League.
 It is the newest basketball club based in Alytus after BC Alita and BC Alytus were dissolved.
BC Alita was a basketball club from Alytus, Lithuania.
 It was founded in 1995, when the BC Savy Vilnius headquarters moved the club to Alytus, regarding the geographical expansion of LKL.
 A local company started to sponsor club, which was named after the title of company.
Basketball club Lavera (Lithuanian: "Krepšinio klubas Lavera" ) was a basketball club located in Kaunas, Lithuania.
 It was founded in 1991 and participated in the first two seasons of the Lithuanian Basketball League.
 Despite the club's success, Lavera dissolved in 1995 due to financial issues.
Trikala 2000 B.C. (alternate spelling: Trikalla), full name, Athlitikos Syllogos Trikala 2000 Basketball Club, was a Greek professional basketball club located in Trikala, Greece.
 The club was commonly known as either Trikala B.C., or Trikala 2000.
 Trikala competed in the Greek League, the top tier of Greek basketball.
Anatoly Kashirov (born May 19, 1987) is a Russian professional basketball player for Dzūkija Alytus of the Lithuanian Basketball League.
BC Savanoris (Lithuanian: Krepšinio Klubas Savanoris ) is basketball club of Alytus, Lithuania.
 It was founded in 2011 and replaced BC Alytus in national pyramid of basketball.
 Because of shortage of direct links with BC Alytus, club started competing in the third tier of Lithuanian basketball, called RKL.
 Despite the declared aim of getting promotion to second tier, NKL, BC Savanoris lost to BC Olimpas in round of eight-final.
 The remnants of the team became the basis of future LKL team BC Dzūkija.
BC Sūduva (Lithuanian: "Krepšinio Klubas Sūduva" ; English: Basketball Club Sūduva ) known as Sūduva-Mantinga for sponsorship reasons, is a professional basketball club based in Marijampolė, Lithuania.
 Sūduva formerly participated in the LKL.
 On 16 September 2010 Sūduva basketball club was removed from the LKL because of financial problems.
 The club currently competes in the second-tier NKL.
