The 2005 Special Olympics Winter World Games were hosted at Nagano in Japan and were the first Special Olympics World Games held in Asia.
 Nagano became the first city in the world to host the Olympics, Paralympics and Special Olympics World Games.
The World Games, first held in 1981, are an international multi-sport event, meant for sports, or disciplines or events within a sport, that are not contested in the Olympic Games.
 The World Games are organised and governed by the International World Games Association (IWGA), recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
 The World Games are held every four years, one year after the Summer Olympic Games.
 After the World Games in Wrocław, Poland, in July 2017, the next host city will be Birmingham (Alabama), USA.
The sport casting events of World Games I were held on July 29–August 2, 1981, at Gunderson High School in San Jose, California, in the United States.
 These were the first World Games, an international quadrennial multi-sport event, and were hosted by the city of Santa Clara.
 The World Casting Championships were held simultaneously and included women, juniors and pros.
 The only World Games casting events were these 11 men’s contests.
 Casters from the United States won 18 of the 33 medals awarded, with Steve Rajeff collecting four gold medals.
David Lloyd Leisure is a British sports, health and leisure business that runs health clubs and gyms across Europe.
The 1985 World Games, the second World Games, were an international multi-sport event held in London, the capital city of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
 Three main venues were used, the main one being the Crystal Palace National Sports Centre.
The opening ceremony was held at the Wembley Conference Centre.
 The master of ceremonies was television commentator Ron Pickering.
 Competitors were addressed by World Games Association President Dr Un Yong Kim,Games Patron Ryoichi Sasakawa and British Olympic Association Chairman Charles Palmer.
 Sports included , field archery, taekwondo, karate, sambo, powerlifting, finswimming, roller sports, casting, korfball, water skiing, speedway, faustball, softball and netball.
 The netball results reversed the results of its recent world cup, with New Zealand winning gold to Australia's silver.
 Similarly, 3rd and 4th places were reversed, with Jamaica winning bronze against England.
The Nitro World Games, first held in 2016, is an international action sport event that is hosted by Salt Lake City at the Rice-Eccles Stadium every year.
 In each World Games event, gold medals are awarded for first place, silver medals are awarded for second place, and bronze medals are awarded for third.
 After Nitro Circus was created in the U.S. state of Utah, the creators of the show agreed the World Games would be located and hosted by Salt Lake City annually every year.
The 2017 World Games, officially called the X World Games and commonly known as Wrocław 2017, was a major international multi-sport event, meant for sports, or disciplines or events within a sport, that were not contested in the Olympic Games, held from 20 to 30 July 2017 in Wrocław, Poland.
 The World Games were organized by the Wrocław Organizing Committee.
 Wrocław was selected as the host city in January 2012 in Lausanne, over Budapest, Hungary.
 It was the first World Games in Poland.
Air sports with the discipline parachuting were introduced as World Games sports at the World Games 1997 in Lahti.
 At World Games 2013 in Cali also paragliding were introduced.
Bodybuilding was part of all World Games until 2009.
 In 2009 Fitness events were added.
 After violations against the Anti-Doping Rules at the 2009 games, the International World Games Association decided to suspend the sport from participating in the 2013 World Games and subsequent World Games.
The 1981 World Games were the first World Games and were held in Santa Clara, California in the United States.
 The games featured sports that were not included in the Olympics.
India competed at the 1981 World Games in Santa Clara and won one Bronze medal in Badminton Men's Singles.
