Ocean Springs is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States, approximately 2 mi east of Biloxi and west of Gautier.
 It is part of the Pascagoula, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The population was 17,225 at the 2000 U.S. Census.
 As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the city of Ocean Springs had a population of 17,442.
Ceres is a city in Stanislaus County, California.
 The population was 45,417 at the 2010 U.S. Census, up from 34,609 at the 2000 U.S. Census.
 It is part of the Modesto Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Demographic analysis includes the sets of methods that allow us to measure the dimensions and dynamics of populations.
 These methods have primarily been developed to study human populations, but are extended to a variety of areas where researchers want to know how populations of social actors can change across time through processes of birth, death, and migration.
 In the context of human biological populations, demographic analysis uses administrative records to develop an independent estimate of the population.
 Demographic analysis estimates are often considered a reliable standard for judging the accuracy of the census information gathered at any time.
 In the labor force, demographic analysis is used to estimate sizes and flows of populations of workers; in population ecology the focus is on the birth, death, migration and immigration of individuals in a population of living organisms, alternatively, in social human sciences could involve movement of firms and institutional forms.
 Demographic analysis is used in a wide variety of contexts.
 For example, it is often used in business plans, to describe the population connected to the geographic location of the business.
 Demographic analysis is usually abbreviated as DA.
 For the 2010 U.S. Census, The U.S. Census Bureau has expanded its DA categories.
 Also as part of the 2010 U.S. Census, DA now also includes comparative analysis between independent housing estimates, and census address lists at different key time points.
Hispanics in the United States Air Force can trace their tradition of service back to the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF), the military aviation arm of the United States Army during and immediately after World War II.
 The USAAF was the predecessor of the United States Air Force, which was formed as a separate branch of the military on September 18, 1947, under the National Security Act of 1947.
 In the U.S., the term "Hispanic" categorizes any citizen or resident of the United States, of any racial background, of any country, and of any religion, who has at least one ancestor from the people of Spain or is of non-Hispanic origin but has an ancestor from Mexico, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Central or South America, or some other Hispanic origin.
 The three largest Hispanic groups in the United States are the Mexican-Americans, Puerto Ricans, and Cubans.
 According to the U.S. Census Bureau the estimated Hispanic population of the United States is over 50 million, or 16% of the U.S. population, and Hispanics are the nation's largest ethnic minority.
 The 2010 U.S. Census estimate of over 50 million Hispanics in the U.S. does "not" include the 3.9 million residents of Puerto Rico, thereby making the people of Hispanic origin the nation's largest ethnic or race minority as of July 1, 2005.
Charlotte is the largest city in the state of North Carolina.
 It is the county seat of Mecklenburg County.
 In 2016, the U.S. Census Bureau estimated the population was 842,051, making it the 17th-largest city in the United States based on population.
 The Charlotte metropolitan area ranks 22nd-largest in the U.S., and had a 2016 population of 2,474,314.
 The Charlotte metropolitan area is part of a sixteen-county market region or combined statistical area with a 2016 U.S. Census population estimate of 2,632,249.
 Between 2004 and 2014, Charlotte was ranked as the country's fastest growing metro area, with 888,000 new residents.
 Based on U.S. Census data from 2005 to 2015, it also tops the 50 largest U.S. cities as the millennial hub.
 It is the second-largest city in the southeastern United States, just behind Jacksonville, Florida.
 It is the third-fastest growing major city in the United States.
 It is listed as a "gamma-minus" global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network.
 Residents are referred to as "Charlotteans".
Moraine is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.
 The population was 6,307 at the 2010 census.
 The city is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Montgomery County.
 Moraine, as part of the Dayton area, is situated within the Miami Valley region of Ohio, just north of the Cincinnati metropolitan area.
The Cincinnati metropolitan area, informally known as Greater Cincinnati, is a metropolitan area that includes counties in the U.S. states of Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana around the Ohio city of Cincinnati.
 The United States Census Bureau's formal name for the area is the Cincinnati–Middletown, OH–KY–IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 As of the 2010 U.S. Census, this MSA had a population of 2,114,580, the largest metropolitan area involving Ohio and 27th largest in the United States.
Covington is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky, located at the confluence of the Ohio and Licking Rivers.
 Cincinnati, Ohio, lies to its north across the Ohio and Newport, Kentucky, to its east across the Licking.
 Part of the Cincinnati–Northern Kentucky metropolitan area, Covington had a population of 40,640 at the time of the 2010 U.S. census, making it the fifth-most populous city in Kentucky.
 It is one of its county's two seats, along with Independence.
Bend is a city in, and the county seat of, Deschutes County, Oregon, United States.
 It is the principal city of the Bend, Oregon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Bend is Central Oregon's largest city, and despite its modest size, is the "de facto" metropolis of the region, owing to the low population density of that area.
 Bend recorded a population of 76,693 at the time of the 2010 U.S. Census, up from 52,029 at the 2000 census.
 The estimated population of the city as of 2013 is 81,236.
 Bend's metro population was estimated at 165,954 as of July 1, 2013.
 The Bend MSA is the fifth largest metropolitan area in Oregon.
East End is an administrative subdistrict of the island of Saint Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands.
 The largest community here is Red Hook, while smaller communities include Benner, Nazareth, Nadir, Frydendal, and Smith Bay.
 Some of the offshore islands here include Great Saint James Island, Little Saint James Island, Bovoni Cay, Patricia Cay, Cas Cay, Rotto Cay, Thatch Cay, Shark Island, and Dog Island.
 The East End subdistrict received 731 new residents between the 2000 U.S. Census and the 2010 U.S. Census, and has a 2010 population of 6,658.
 The East End region offers a more secluded character and less population density than subdistricts as Charlotte Amalie, Southside, and the Tutu subdistricts.
 This subdistrict is home to numerous of the islands’ largest resorts, in addition to many shopping areas and entertainment venues, as well as the Coral World Marine Park & Underwater Observatory in Coki Point, which is the most popular tourist attraction on Saint Thomas.
 East End is located about 7.4 miles east of the territorial capital of Charlotte Amalie, which is an approximately thirty-minute drive on the windy, small and narrow Saint Thomas roads.
 There are buses and taxis leaving from the East End.
 A typical fare for a taxi drive to the capital costs $20.
 The hotels on Saint Thomas are evenly divided between the two subdistricts of Charlotte Amalie, and the more expensive resort-style hotels by their own beachside in East End.
 The East End resorts are therefore generally more expensive than those found elsewhere on the island.
 Some of the famous beaches found here are Lindquist- and Sapphire Beaches, while others include Pineapple Beach (Renaissance Beach) and Vessup Beach amongst others.
