Maurice Williams (born December 19, 1982) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 After a successful high school career at Murrah High School, Williams attended college at the University of Alabama, where he led his team as a freshman to a 27–8 record, and also shared an SEC regular-season championship.
 After two seasons at Alabama, Williams entered the 2003 NBA draft where he was selected with the 47th overall pick by the Utah Jazz.
 Throughout his career, he has also played for the Milwaukee Bucks, Los Angeles Clippers, Portland Trail Blazers, Minnesota Timberwolves, Charlotte Hornets and Cleveland Cavaliers.
 In 2009, Williams was selected as an NBA All-Star.
 In 2016, he won an NBA championship with the Cavaliers.
Scott Christopher Williams (born March 21, 1968) is a retired American professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association.
 Standing at 6' 10", he was capable of playing as a power forward or a center.
 Williams contributed off the bench during the Chicago Bulls' first three-peat championships (1991-93) early in his professional career.
 He developed into a front court reserve journeyman during his ten-plus seasons in the NBA, where he was known for his hustle and strong defense.
 Since his retirement, Williams has coached in the NBA Development League and NBA as well as commentating for a variety of NBA teams.
 Williams is currently the color analyst for the Grand Canyon Antelopes men's basketball team.
 Scott has a daughter, (Ava Williams) and a son (Ben Williams).
Eric Todd Piatkowski ( ; born September 30, 1970) is a former American professional basketball player.
 He most recently played for the National Basketball Association's Phoenix Suns.
 He is the son of former ABA player Walt Piatkowski.
Gary Dennis Melchionni (born January 19, 1951) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA and other leagues.
 He is a former Phoenix Suns guard and a former All-Atlantic Coast Conference performer while he was with the Duke Blue Devils, where he was the first player to captain twice.
 He is the father of former Duke basketball player Lee Melchionni.
Walter Ander "The Wizard" Williams (born April 16, 1970) is a retired American professional basketball player.
 A sharpshooting 6'8" forward/guard, Williams attended school at the University of Maryland from 1988 to 1992, and is credited by many for resurrecting the school's basketball program which was going through very difficult times.
Kevin Eugene Williams (born September 11, 1961) is a retired American professional basketball player.
 A 6'2" (1.88 m) and 175 lb (79 kg) guard, Williams played college basketball at St. John's University from 1979 to 1983.
 He attended Charles Evans Hughes High School.
Harold David Miner (born May 5, 1971) is a retired American professional basketball player and two-time champion of the National Basketball Association (NBA) Slam Dunk Contest.
 He attended college at the University of Southern California (USC) and was a star player on that school's men's basketball team.
 He left school in 1992 to pursue his professional career, and played in the NBA for the Miami Heat and Cleveland Cavaliers.
 Despite the comparisons to Michael Jordan, Miner's NBA career only lasted four years.
Freeman Williams (born May 15, 1956) is a retired American professional basketball player.
 He was the 1978 NCAA men's basketball Division I scoring champion, and the Portland State University all-time scoring leader.
 Williams was the NCAA Division I national men's basketball individual scoring leader in 1977 and 1978.
 Williams was a consensus second team All-American in 1978.
 He is second in Division I history in scoring, trailing only Pete Maravich.
 He was born in Los Angeles.
Jones attended Southfield-Lathrup High School in Lathrup Village, Michigan and enjoyed an outstanding prep career as a football and basketball player.
 He was named first-team All-Oakland Athletic Association as a senior, recording 27 tackles, six sacks, four forced fumbles and seven interceptions, three of which were returned for touchdowns.
 He also caught 25 passes for 395 yards and eight touchdowns as a receiver. "
The Detroit News" named him the 44th-best player on the Blue Chip list in the state of Michigan, as he also added All-Metro North honors.
 Jones is the younger brother of retired American Professional Basketball Player Brian LaWan Alexander.
 Also, Jones older brother, Michael, played football at Alabama State and other brother, Jamar, works at the White House as a Secret Service uniformed police officier.
Michael "Mike" Phelps (born October 3, 1961) is a retired American professional basketball player.
 Born in Vicksburg, Mississippi, he attended Alcorn State University and was selected in the 7th round of the 1985 NBA draft by the Seattle SuperSonics.
 Phelps played with the Sonics and Los Angeles Clippers.
 He later took his talents overseas and found success in the Philippine Basketball Association where he played for the San Miguel Beermen where he helped them win two conference championships in 1988 and 1989.
 The latter became the first of three consecutive conference titles the team will win that year to accomplish the Grand Slam title run becoming only the second team in the league to do so.
 Phelps played one more conference with the team in 1990 but they failed to qualify for the semi-finals.
