Collaborations 2 is the tenth studio album by Punjabi singer Sukshinder Shinda, released on 26 February 2009 worldwide making his second collaborated album.
 The album was also released internationally to USA, Canada, and U.K.
Akhlaq Ahmed (Urdu: اخلاق احمد‎ ; January 10, 1950 – August 4, 1999) was a Pakistani playback singer.
 He was a member of a famous singing group from Karachi with two other artists,film playback singer Masood Rana and film actor Nadeem.
 Akhlaq debuted as a singer in the 1973 film, "Pazaib" with music by "Lal Mohammad Iqbal".
 He was unable to get a dominant place in the Pakistan film industry because when he started his singing career, at that time Ahmed Rushdi was the prominent playback singer in the Pakistani film industry.
 Even then he remained a somewhat successful singer in the late 1970s and 1980s.
Harini is an Indian film playback singer and classical singer, who sings mainly in Tamil films.
 She has also sung in Hindi, Malayalam, Telugu and Kannada language films, whilst working with many leading film composers.
 She considers legendary singer K. S. Chitra as her inspiration.
 She is married to another playback singer Tippu.
Unni Menon is an Indian film playback singer.
 He has sung over 3000 songs in South Indian languages like Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Kannada.
 In the early part of his career, he spent many years as a low-profile playback singer.
 The turning point in his career came when he sang the song "Pudhu Vellai Mazhai" from Mani Ratnam's award winning 1992 Tamil film "Roja", composed by A. R. Rahman.
 He has frequently associated with A. R. Rahman, lending his voice to nearly 25 popular songs from films like "Karuththamma" (1994) and "Minsaara Kanavu" (1997).
Vani Harikrishna () is an Indian film playback singer and music director, who works in South Indian films, primarily in Kannada cinema.
 She has composed, written and sung several devotional songs before entering into the film playback singing.
 She won Karnataka State Award for her rendition of "Madhuvana Karedare" song from the film "Inthi Ninna Preethiya".
 Vani debuted as a film composer with the 2013 film "Loosegalu".
Richa Sharma (born 29 August 1980) is an Indian film playback singer as well a devotional singer.
 In 2006, she sang Bollywood's longest track, the "bidaai" song, in film "Baabul" (2006).
Sukshinder Shinda (born Sukshinder Singh Bhullar) is a bhangra record producer and singer–songwriter from Handsworth in Birmingham, England.
 Since releasing his first professional recording in 1993, "Dhol Beat Ek", Shinda has produced or collaborated on more than 200 albums, including all of Jazzy B's releases and the majority of Amrinder Gill's.
Dildarian is a studio album by Punjabi singer and actor, Amrinder Gill.
 This was Amrinder's second ever major success after his previous album Ik Vaada.
 The album was composed by the "music man", Sukshinder Shinda and had lyrics by Raj Kakra, Dev Raj Jassal, Amarjit Sandhar, Jassi Jallandri, Amerdeep Gill and Satti Khokhewalia.
Sripathi Panditaradhyula Balasubrahmanyam (   ; born 4 June 1946) is an Indian film playback singer, actor, music director, voice actor and film producer.
 He is mostly referred to as S. P. B. or Balu.
 He has won the Guinness World Record for recording the highest number of songs.
 He has garnered six National Film Awards for Best Male Playback Singer, and twenty five Nandi Awards for his works towards Telugu cinema.
 In 2012, He received the Andhra Pradesh state NTR National Award for his contributions to Indian cinema.
Collaborations 3 is album in the series of Collaborations albums by Sukshinder Shinda.
 Featured in this album are Jazzy B, Diljit Dosanjh, Kamal Khan, Shazia Manzoor, Surinder Shinda, Richa Sharma, Abrar-Ul-Haq and Don Revo.
 The Album is on MovieBox (UK) Music Waves (Canada) and T-Series (India).
