The Augustinian hypothesis is a solution to the synoptic problem, which concerns the origin of the Gospels of the New Testament.
 The hypothesis holds that Matthew was written first, by Matthew the Evangelist (see the Gospel According to the Hebrews and the Jewish-Christian Gospels ).
 Mark the Evangelist wrote the Gospel of Mark second and used Matthew and the preaching of Peter as sources.
 Luke the Evangelist wrote the Gospel of Luke and was aware of the two Gospels that preceded him.
 Unlike some competing hypotheses, this hypothesis does not rely on, nor does it argue for, the existence of any document that is not explicitly mentioned in historical testimony.
 Instead, the hypothesis draws primarily upon historical testimony, rather than textual criticism, as the central line of evidence.
 The foundation of evidence for the hypothesis is the writings of the Church Fathers: historical sources dating back to as early as the first half of the 2nd century, which have been held as authoritative by most Christians for nearly two millennia.
 Adherents to the Augustinian hypothesis view it as a simple, coherent solution to the synoptic problem.
Messiah (HWV 56), the English-language oratorio composed by George Frideric Handel in 1741, is structured in three parts.
 This listing covers Part III in a table and comments on individual movements, reflecting the relation of the musical setting to the text.
 Part I begins with the prophecy of the Messiah and his birth, shows the annunciation to the shepherds as a scene from the Gospel of Luke, and reflects the Messiah's deeds on Earth.
 Part II covers the Passion, death, resurrection, ascension, and the later spreading of the Gospel.
 Part III concentrates on Paul's teaching of the and Christ's glorification in heaven.
The nativity of Jesus or birth of Jesus is described in the gospels of Luke and Matthew.
 The two accounts agree that Jesus was born in Bethlehem in the time of Herod the Great to a betrothed virgin whose name was Mary.
 There are, however, major differences.
 Matthew has no census, annunciation to the shepherds or presentation in the Temple, implies that Jesus's parents' home is Bethlehem, and has him born in a house there, and has an unnamed angel appear to Joseph to announce the birth.
 In Luke there are no Magi, no flight into Egypt, or Massacre of the Innocents, Joseph is a resident of Nazareth, the birth appears to take place in an inn instead of the family home, and the angel (named as Gabriel) announces the coming birth to Mary.
 While it is possible that Matthew's account might be based on Luke, or Luke's on Matthew, the majority of scholars conclude that the two are independent of each other.
The date of birth of Jesus is not stated in the gospels or in any secular text, but most scholars assume a date of birth between 6 BC and 4 BC.
 The historical evidence is too incomplete to allow a definitive dating, but the date is estimated through two different approaches—one by analyzing references to known historical events mentioned in the nativity accounts in the Gospels of Luke and Matthew, and the second by working backwards from the estimation of the start of the ministry of Jesus.
The return of the family of Jesus to Nazareth, also known as the Return from Egypt, appears in the reports of the early life of Jesus given in the Canonical gospels. Both of the gospels which describe the nativity of Jesus agree that he was born in Bethlehem and then later moved with his family to live in Nazareth.
 The Gospel of Matthew describes how Joseph, Mary, and Jesus went to Egypt to escape from Herod the Great's slaughter of the baby boys in Bethlehem.
 Matthew does not mention Nazareth as being the previous home of Joseph and Mary; he says that Joseph was afraid to go to Judea because Herod Archelaus was ruling there and so the family went to Nazareth instead.
 The Gospel of Luke, on the other hand, does not record anything about the flight to Egypt, but says that Joseph had been previously living in Nazareth, and returned there after the Presentation of Jesus at the Temple.
Messiah (HWV 56), the English-language oratorio composed by George Frideric Handel in 1741, is structured in three parts.
 This listing covers Part II in a table and comments on individual movements, reflecting the relation of the musical setting to the text.
 Part I begins with the prophecy of the Messiah and his birth, shows the annunciation to the shepherds and reflects the Messiah's deeds on earth.
 Part II covers the Passion in nine movements including the oratorio's longest movement, an air for alto He was despised, then mentions death, resurrection, ascension, and reflects the spreading of the Gospel and its rejection.
 The part is concluded by a scene called "God's Triumph" which culminates in the "Hallelujah Chorus".
 Part III of the oratorio concentrates on Paul's teaching of the and Christ's glorification in heaven.
The two-gospel hypothesis is that the Gospel of Matthew was written before the Gospel of Luke, and that both were written earlier than the Gospel of Mark.
 It is a proposed solution to the Synoptic Problem, which concerns the pattern of similarities and differences between the three Gospels of Matthew, Mark, and Luke.
 The hypothesis, following an original proposal by Augustine and expanded by Johann Jakob Griesbach (it was once called the Griesbach hypothesis), was introduced in its current form by William Farmer in 1964.
 This hypothesis is the most serious alternative to the two-source hypothesis.
 Its main advantages over the two-source hypothesis include the fact that it relies not just on internal evidence, that it does not require lost sources like the Q document, and that it is supported by the view of the early Church.
 Unlike the two-source hypothesis, the two-gospel hypothesis concludes that the traditional accounts of the gospels (order and date of publication, as well as authorship) are accurate.
 A further development of the Augustinian and Griesbach hypotheses is found in the hypothesis of Eta Linnemann, followed by F. David Farnell, that the "two Gospels" were required by the "two witnesses" rule of Deuteronomy.
Messiah (HWV 56), the English-language oratorio composed by George Frideric Handel in 1741, is structured in three parts.
 The wordbook (also called libretto or text) was supplied by Charles Jennens.
 This article covers Part I and describes the relation of the musical setting to the text.
 Part I begins with the prophecy of the Messiah and his virgin birth by several prophets, namely Isaiah.
 His birth is still rendered in words by Isaiah, followed by the annunciation to the shepherds as the only scene from a Gospel in the oratorio, and reflections on the Messiah's deeds.
 Part II covers the Passion, death, resurrection, ascension, and the later spreading of the Gospel.
 Part III concentrates on Paul's teaching of the and Christ's glorification in heaven.
The Gospel According to Mark (Greek: τὸ κατὰ Μᾶρκον εὐαγγέλιον , "to kata Markon euangelion"), the second book of the New Testament, is one of the four canonical gospels and one of the three synoptic gospels.
 It tells of the ministry of Jesus from his baptism by John the Baptist to his death and burial and the discovery of the empty tomb – there is no genealogy of Jesus or birth narrative, nor, in the original ending at chapter 16, any post-resurrection appearances.
 It portrays Jesus as a heroic man of action, an exorcist, a healer, and a miracle worker.
 Jesus is also the Son of God, but he keeps his identity secret, concealing it in parables so that even the disciples fail to understand.
 All this is in keeping with prophecy, which foretold the fate of the messiah as suffering servant.
 The gospel ends, in its original version, with the discovery of the empty tomb, a promise to meet again in Galilee, and an unheeded instruction to spread the good news of the resurrection.
Manga Bible (新約聖書 , Shinyaku Seisho ) is a five-volume manga series based on the Christian Bible created under the direction of the non-profit organization Next, a group formed by people from the manga industry.
 Though first published in English, the books are originally written in Japanese and each volume is illustrated by a Japanese manga artist.
 Each book is adapted from the Bible by Hidenori Kumai.
 The first two books were illustrated by manga artist Kozumi Shinozawa, while the remaining three will be illustrated by a different artist.
 The first book in the series, "Manga Messiah" was published in 2006 and covered the four gospels of the Bible: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
 "Manga Metamorphosis" (2008) covers the events in Acts and several of Paul's letters.
 "Manga Mutiny" (2008, 2009) begins in Genesis and ends in Exodus.
 "Manga Melech" (2010) picks up where "Manga Mutiny" left off and continues into the reign of David.
 The fifth, and currently final book, "Manga Messengers" (2011) addresses events starting with the reign of King Solomon and takes stories from several of the major and minor prophets, and the Book of Esther and concludes with anticipation of a messiah.
