Torture Killer is a Finnish death metal band from Turku, Finland, formed in 2002.
 The band consists of five members: guitarists Jari Laine and Tuomas Karppinen, bassist Kim Torniainen, drummer Tuomo Latvala and the current vocalist Pessi Haltsonen.
 The band was originally a Six Feet Under cover band adopting their moniker from a Six Feet Under song, but soon began composing and performing original material in the same vein.
 Chris Barnes, the original singer for Cannibal Corpse and current singer for Six Feet Under, officially joined Torture Killer as lead singer in November 2005 and was a part of the recording of the album "Swarm!
".
 He left the band in January 2008.
 Barnes was not involved with their live performances while a part of the band.
Final Fantasy XII (ファイナルファンタジーXII , Fainaru Fantajī Tuerubu ) is a fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 2 home video console.
 Released in 2006, it is the twelfth title in the mainline "Final Fantasy" series.
 The game introduced several innovations to the series: an open world split into zones, a seamless battle system, a controllable camera, a customizable "gambit" system which lets the player control the artificial intelligence (AI) of characters in battle; and a "license" system that determines which abilities and equipment are used by characters.
 "Final Fantasy XII" also includes elements from previous games in the series, such as Chocobos and Moogles.
Masaharu Iwata (岩田 匡治 , Iwata Masaharu , born October 26, 1966) is a Japanese video game composer.
 After graduating from high school, where his musical projects included composing on a synthesizer and playing in a cover band, he joined Bothtec as a composer.
 He composed the soundtrack to several games there, beginning with 1987's "Bakusou Buggy Ippatsu Yarou", and after the company was merged into Quest, he left to become a freelance composer.
 His most well-known projects include "", "Tactics Ogre", "Final Fantasy Tactics", and "Final Fantasy XII", though throughout his career he has composed music for over 65 games.
 He is one of the founding members of Basiscape, headed by fellow composer Hitoshi Sakimoto and currently one of the largest independent Japanese video game music production companies.
 His compositions for strategy role-playing games such as the "Ogre Battle" and "Final Fantasy Tactics" series have been described as "among the most well-recognized in the genre".
Allister Mark Brimble (born 1970 in Westminster, London) is a British video game music composer.
 Brimble began composing music and sound effects for the video game industry in the mid-1980s.
 He also produced various audio tracks, as "Brimble's Beats", that were distributed on cover disks of magazines including "CU Amiga" and "Amiga Format".
Hitoshi Sakimoto (崎元 仁 , Sakimoto Hitoshi , born February 26, 1969) is a Japanese video game music composer and arranger.
 He is best known for scoring "Final Fantasy Tactics" and "Final Fantasy XII", though he has composed soundtracks for over 80 other games.
 He began playing music and video games in elementary school, and began composing video game music for money by the time he was 16.
 Sakimoto's professional career began a few years later in 1988 when he started composing music professionally as a freelancer, as well as programming sound drivers for games.
 Five years and 40 games later, he achieved his first mainstream success with the score to "".
 In 1997, he joined Square and composed for his first international success, the score to "Final Fantasy Tactics".
Descendants of Erdrick is an American video game music cover band based out of Austin, Texas.
 They play arrangements of classic video game music, and are the first video game music cover band to appear in their own video game.
City of the Fallen is a production music company based in Washington DC.
 Founded by Ryan Amon in 2009, the company produces music for movie trailers.
 In early 2012, Ryan released City of the Fallen's first public album called "Divinus", which was made available via Amazon and iTunes.
 In late 2011 after the release of City of the Fallen's 5th volume, "Divine Power", Amon announced that he would be taking a break from writing and composing music for City of the Fallen after focusing on the company for the last 3 years.
 In early 2012 when a fan asked via City of the Fallen's Facebook page if Ryan would resume writing and composing music in 2012, he replied only saying "We think that sounds like a good idea..."
Rahul Ranade (born 23 May 1966 in Pune, Maharashtra) is an Indian singer and music composer in Marathi and Hindi movies.
 His work in music spans from composing music for films, television, drama to events, concerts in Hindi and Marathi, composing music for ballets, advertisements, and also albums.
 He is currently settled at Pune.
Chamras Saewataporn (born in Bangkok, Thailand on December 9, 1955), is an accomplished Thai musician and composer who first turned professional at the age of 18.
 He began his musical career working in night clubs and later joined one of the Thai bands of that era, "Grand X" (1976–1980).
 In 1981, he began composing music and started his own band, "The Radio".
 His debut album was in 1982, "Nok Jao Pho Bin" (Soaring Bird).
 Between 1986 and 1997, he composed theme songs for over 100 Thai movies.
 He is inspired by his beliefs in Buddhism, and began composing music for relaxation, healing and meditation in 1993.
 He has won numerous domestic and international awards.
Kaushal S. Inamdar (born 2 October 1971 in Pune, Maharashtra) is an Indian singer and music composer in Marathi and Hindi movies.
 His work in music spans from composing music for films, television, drama to events, concerts in Hindi and Marathi, composing music for ballets, advertisements, and also albums.
 He is currently settled at Goregaon, a Mumbai suburb.
