William V. S. Tubman University, commonly known as Tubman University, is a public university located in Harper, Maryland County, Liberia.
 The university is named after William Tubman, the 19th President of Liberia.
The National Museum of Liberia is a national museum in Monrovia, Liberia.
 Initially housed in the First Executive Mansion on Ashmun Street of the city which is now used as a library, it was established by an Act of the National Legislature in 1958 under the administration of Liberia's 18th President, Dr William V.S. Tubman.
 Partly funded by UNESCO, in coordination with the Department of Public instructions (what is now the Liberian Ministry of Education), its primary goal was to obtain, preserve and display cultural artefacts and other historical items which depict the country's heritage.
A military discharge is given when a member of the armed forces is released from his or her obligation to serve.
 Each country's military has different types of discharge.
 They are generally based on whether the person completed their training and then fully and satisfactorily completed their term of service or not.
 Other types of discharge are based on factors like the quality of the person's service; whether their service had to be ended prematurely due to humanitarian or medical reasons; whether the person had been found to have drug or alcohol dependency issues and whether they were complying with treatment and counseling; or whether the person had demerits or punishments for infractions or were convicted of any crimes.
 These factors affect whether they will be asked or allowed to reenlist and whether they qualify for special benefits after their discharge.
Jacob de Jager (16 January 1923 – 25 February 2004) was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
 He was the first Dutch person to serve as a general authority.
 De Jager was born in the Netherlands and joined the church while living in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 His work took him to Australia, Indonesia, Mexico and Canada.
 His first calling in the church was hymnal coordinator which he filled honorably.
 He also served as elders quorum president, branch president, counselor to mission president and regional representative before his call to the First Quorum of the Seventy.
 In 1993, de Jager was designated an emeritus general authority and he later served as bishop of a ward in central Salt Lake City.
 He is one of few people to serve as a ward bishop after serving as a general authority.
 He died in 2004 of causes incident to age.
The first John Adams was originally built in 1799 as a frigate for the United States Navy, converted to a corvette in 1809, and later converted back to a frigate in 1830.
 Named for President John Adams, she fought in the Quasi-War, the First and Second Barbary Wars, the War of 1812, the Mexican-American War and the American Civil War.
 At the end of her career, she participated in the Union blockade of South Carolina's ports.
 She then participated in a historic raid that Harriet Tubman, the former slave and Union operative, organized with Union colonel Montgomery.
 "John Adams" led three steam-powered gunboats up the Harbor River to Port Royal.
 The squadron relied on local black mariners to guide it past mines and fortifications.
 The squadron freed 750+ slaves and unsettled the Confederacy.
 Tubman was the first woman in U.S. history to plan and execute an armed expedition.
The Liberia Cement Corporation, also known as Cemenco, is a major company in the economy of the Republic of Liberia.
 One of the oldest firms operating in the country in the early twenty-first century, it holds a monopoly on the sale of cement in the country.
 The firm's original factory was opened by Mr. Fouad R Khalifa a Lebanese businessman and by President William V.S. Tubman in early January 1968.
.
 In the early 2010s, another firm announced its goal of entering the Liberian market, but by late 2012, no other companies were yet in the market.
 In response to this challenge, corporate officials announced in November 2012 their plans to erect a new manufacturing plant.
 Its previously existing facility is located on Bushrod Island in Monrovia, as is the site of the plant announced in November 2012; at that time, company bosses were planning to use a site formerly occupied by a manufacturing component of the defunct Mesurado Group of Companies.
 Historically, Cemenco had warehouses at the Freeport of Monrovia, but an ownership dispute over the warehouse property resulted in its conveyance to a Chinese firm in late 2012.
Augustus F. Caine was a Liberian academic and bureaucrat during the 1960s and early 1970s.
 After earning a doctorate in anthropology and sociology from Michigan State University in the United States, Caine became a Cabinet minister in 1965.
 After the resignation of John P. Mitchell from the position of Secretary of Education, Caine was appointed to be his successor by President Tubman, and he officially began his duties on 7 July.
 He held the office for almost five years, resigning in early February 1970.
 Caine attributed his resignation to personal reasons, but President Tubman spoke on 22 January of the existence of "trouble between me and Secretary Caine".
 Tubman made his statement amid the appearance of rumours on the previous day that he had asked for Caine's resignation in the wake of controversy among officials in the Monrovia Consolidated School System.
Susan Clair Lee (; born May 14, 1954) is a member of the Maryland State Senate.
 She was elected to the Maryland State Senate on November 4, 2014 and had previously served in the Maryland House of Delegates since 2002.
 She serves on the Senate Judicial Proceedings Committee and the Joint Committee on Cybersecurity, Information Technology and Biotechnology and is a member of the Maryland Cybersecurity Council and Workgroup on Youth Victims of Human Trafficking which were both created by legislation she introduced and passed.
 Lee represents District 16, which is located in Montgomery County, and includes parts of Bethesda, Chevy Chase, Potomac, Kensington, Cabin John, Glen Echo, and Rockville.
 She is the first Asian American elected to the Maryland State Senate and was the first Asian American woman and first Chinese American to be elected to the Maryland legislature.
 While in the House of Delegates, she was a member of the House Judiciary Committee, a Deputy Majority Whip, Vice Chair of the Montgomery County House Delegation, Chair of the Subcommittee on Family Law, Co Chair of the Maryland Commission on Cyber Security Innovation and Excellence, the Nanobiotechnology Task Force and the Identity Theft Task Force.
 Lee was elected to serve two terms as President of the Women Legislators of Maryland (Women's Legislative Caucus) and led efforts to pass an aggressive agenda of laws to fight domestic violence and human trafficking, economically empower women, reduce health care disparities, and obtain funding for rape crisis centers.
 She received the Maryland Legislative Agenda for Women's (MLAW) Legislative Leadership Award, inducted into the Human Rights Hall of Fame of Montgomery County and the Montgomery County Women's History Archives and honored by the Maryland Chapter of the Healthcare Information Management Systems Society for her work in advancing healthcare technology and reform.
 Lee received an Award from the Maryland National Organization for Women for her leadership and work on legislation while President of the Women’s Caucus, particularly the law authorizing the placement of Marylander and American hero Harriet Tubman’s statue in the U.S. Capitol.
Josias Moli (born 19 August 1954) is the former speaker of the Parliament of Vanuatu and former acting President of Vanuatu.
 He became speaker and acting president on July 28, 2004.
 He succeeded Roger Abiut in both positions.
 He is a member of the Union of Moderate Parties and was elected speaker of parliament after Abiut was defeated in parliamentary elections earlier in July 2004.
 In Vanuatu the speaker of parliament serves as the acting President when Parliament has not elected a new President, which was necessary after the impeachment of Alfred Maseng.
 Moli lost the position of acting President when Parliament and regional presidents were able to elect a new President on August 16, 2004.
 Moli was the fourth person to serve as President of Vanuatu in four months.
Cheryl Contee is an American blogger, writer, and businessperson.
 She co-founded Jack and Jill Politics, named one of the top 10 black blogs in 2008, where she wrote under the pseudonym "Jill Tubman".
 She is the co-founder of Fission Strategy and Attentive.ly.
 She received her B.A. from Yale University and has an International Executive M.B.A. from Georgetown University.
