Survivor Africa: Panama was the first pan-regional season of the television show "Survivor" to air in central or southern Africa and it included contestants from the countries of Botswana, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Namibia, Nigeria, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
 The show was broadcast on the channel M-net from September 3, 2006, to November 19, 2006, during which time twelve episodes aired.
 The contestants for this season were initially split into two tribes, the Embera tribe, named after Panama's semi-nomadic and heavily body-painted tribe, whose buffs were blue, and the Kuna tribe, named after a traditionally matriarchal and politically organised people of Panama, whose buffs were red.
 During the pre-merge portion of the program the Embera tribe dominated as they won the majority of both the reward and immunity challenges while Kuna saw their numbers dwindle from six to three.
 When the tribes merged into the Nagual tribe their buff colors may have changed to yellow, but their original tribal alliances remained and the former members of Embera quickly voted out Yagazie "Yaga" Chuwumerje and Nana Sarpong, leaving Metasebia "Meti" Yilma as the only former Kuna member left in the game.
 Following the elimination of Nana, Tsholofelo "Tebby" Gasenelwe approached Meti and Olanike "Nike" Gbolahan about forming an all-girl alliance.
 Once formed, the girl alliance, along with Jeremiah Zulu, voted out both Leonard Mapuranga and the leader of the former Embera alliance, Derrick Assetto.
 When it came time for the final four, the contestants competed in two challenges in order to determine the final two.
 The first of these challenges was the "plank" challenge.
 As Meti was the first person to fall off the plank, she was eliminated from the game.
 As Tebby was the last person to fall off the plank, she automatically advanced to the final two.
 The other two contestants competed in a second challenge which Jeremiah won and advanced to the final two while Nike was eliminated.
 Ultimately, it was Gasenelwe from Botswana who won this season over Jeremiah Zulu with a jury vote of 6–0.
Princess Yeshashework Yilma (died 1982) was the daughter of Dejazmatch Yilma Makonnen, governor of Harar and niece of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia.
 Her mother Woizero Aselefech Wolde Hanna was the niece of Empress Taitu Bitul, consort of Emperor Menelik II of Ethiopia.
 Through her paternal great-grandmother, she was a member of the Imperial Solomonic dynasty of Ethiopia.
 Her father died while she was still very young.
Aba Tenna Dejazmach Yilma International Airport (Ge'ez: አባ ጤና ደጃዝማች ይልማ ዓለም አቀፍ የአየር ማረፊያ "ābbā ṭēnā dejāzmāč yilmā ʿālem aqef ye-āyyer mārefīyā") (IATA: DIR, ICAO: HADR) , also known as Dire Dawa International Airport, is an international airport serving Dire Dawa, a city in eastern Ethiopia.
 It is located 5 km northwest of the city center.
Ethiopia was never colonized by a European power, but was occupied by Italy in 1936, during which time Emperor Haile Selassie continued to reign as monarch in exile.
 Italian Ethiopia was proclaimed in 1936 following the second Italo-Ethiopian War, with Victor Emmanuel III proclaiming himself Emperor of Ethiopia.
 The occupation lasted until the end of 1941 when Ethiopia was liberated from Italian control by a combination of Ethiopian, British, Commonwealth, Free French, Free Belgian, and Ethiopian forces.
Mengistu Haile Mariam (Amharic: , pronounced ] ; born 21 May 1937) is an Ethiopian politician who was the leader of Ethiopia from 1977 to 1991.
 He was the chairman of the Derg, the Communist military junta that governed Ethiopia, from 1977 to 1987, and the President of the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia from 1987 to 1991.
 The Derg took power in the Ethiopian Revolution following the overthrow of Emperor Haile Selassie I in 1974, marking the end of the Solomonic dynasty which had ruled Ethiopia since the 13th century.
 Mengistu purged rivals for power from the Derg and made himself Ethiopia's dictator, attempting to modernise Ethiopia's feudal economy through Marxist-inspired policies such as nationalisation and land redistribution.
 His bloody consolidation of power in 1977-1978 is known as the Ethiopian Red Terror, a brutal crackdown on opposition groups and civilians following a failed assassination attempt by the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party in September 1976, after they had ignored the Derg's invitation to join the union of socialist parties.
Ethiopia is a landlocked sovereign country located in the Horn of Africa.
 Ethiopia is bordered by Eritrea to the north, Sudan to the west, South Sudan to the south-west, Kenya to the south, Somalia to the east and Djibouti to the north-east.
 Ethiopia is one of the oldest countries in the world and Africa's second-most populous nation.
 Ethiopia has yielded some of humanity's oldest traces, making the area important in the history of human evolution.
 Recent studies claim that the vicinity of present-day Addis Ababa was the point from which human beings migrated around the world.
 Ethiopian dynastic history traditionally began with the reign of Emperor Menelik I in 1000 BC.
 The roots of the Ethiopian state are similarly deep, dating with unbroken continuity to at least the Aksumite Empire (which adopted the name "Ethiopia" in the 4th century) and its predecessor state, D`mt (with early 1st millennium BC roots).
 After a period of decentralized power in the 18th and early 19th centuries known as the Zemene Mesafint ("Era of the Judges/Princes"), the country was reunited in 1855 by Kassa Hailu, who became Emperor Tewodros II, beginning Ethiopia's modern history.
 Ethiopia's borders underwent significant territorial expansion to its modern borders for the rest of the century, especially by Emperor Menelik II and Ras Gobena, culminating in its victory over the Italians at the Battle of Adwa in 1896 with the military leadership of Ras Makonnen, and ensuring its sovereignty and freedom from colonization.
 It was brutally occupied by Benito Mussolini's Fascist Italy from 1936 to 1941, ending with its liberation by British Empire and Ethiopian Patriot forces.
Many historians trace modern Ethiopia's foreign policy to the reign of Emperor Tewodros II, whose primary concerns were the security of Ethiopia's traditional borders, obtaining technology from Europe (or modernization), and to a lesser degree Ethiopian rights to the monastery of Dar-es-Sultan in the city of Jerusalem.
 Tewodros' diplomatic efforts, however, ended disastrously with the British expedition of 1868 which concluded with his death.
 Despite the efforts of his successor Emperor Yohannes IV to establish a relationship with the United Kingdom, Ethiopia was ignored by the world powers until the opening of the Suez Canal, and more important, the Mahdist War, drew outside attention to her once more.
Lij Endelkachew Makonnen (September 8, 1927 – November 23, 1974) was an Ethiopian politician.
 Born in Addis Ababa, his father, Ras Betwoded Makonnen Endelkachew, served as Prime Minister of Ethiopia in the 1950s.
 Endelkachew Makonnen was a member of the aristocratic Addisge clan that were very influential in the later part of the Ethiopian monarchy.
 He would be the last Imperial Prime Minister appointed by Emperor Haile Selassie.
 He was a stepson of Princess Yeshashework Yilma, Emperor Haile Selassie's only niece.
Italians of Ethiopia are the emigrants and colonists from Italy who moved to live in Ethiopia as far back as the 19th century, and their descendants.
 King Menelik II did not allow the sale of lands belonging to Ethiopia to Italians (Eritrea) and probably allowed France (Djibouti) to solidify his centralized power and have external trading partners.
 There was a subsequent exchange of ideas, farming techniques, education and technology between the Italians and Ethiopians during most of this period, including transportation—most notably the Italian engineers who helped to architect an build the aqueducts and rail system for Ethiopia's railway system from the new capital, Addis Ababa to then French controlled Djibouti port.
 However, the relationship was often marked by the fact that under various treaties written in both Amharic and Italian, the Italian version always referred to Ethiopia as a protectorate of Italy.
 Most of the Italians moved to Ethiopia after the Italian conquest of Abyssinia in 1936.
Full Gospel Believers Church or Mulu Wongel church (in Amharic) is a Pentecostal church located in the country's capital city of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
 The senior pastor is Wake Yilma.
