The Queen's Body Guard of the Yeomen of the Guard are a bodyguard of the British Monarch.
 The oldest British military corps still in existence, it was created by King Henry VII in 1485 at the Battle of Bosworth.
 As a token of this venerability, the Yeomen still wear red and gold uniforms of Tudor style.
 There are 60 Yeomen of the Guard (plus six officers), drawn from retired members of the British Army, Royal Marines and Royal Air Force, but traditionally not the Royal Navy.
 This ban on Royal Navy Personnel was lifted in 2011 and two sailors joined the ranks of the Yeomen of the Guard.
 However, the role of the Captain of the Queen's Body Guard of the Yeomen of the Guard is a political appointment — the captain is always the government Deputy Chief Whip in the House of Lords.
The Namiestnik (or Viceroy) of the Kingdom of Poland (Polish: "namiestnik Królestwa Polskiego" , Russian: наместник Царства Польского ) was the deputy of the King of Poland (Tsar of Poland)—i.e., the deputy of the Emperor of Russia who, under Congress Poland (1815–74), styled himself "King of Poland."
 Between 1874 and 1914, when the former Congress Poland was known as the Vistula Country, the title "Namiestnik" was replaced by that of Governor-General of Warsaw (Polish: "Generał-gubernator warszawski" ).
Bolesław I the Brave (Polish: "Bolesław I Chrobry"    , Czech: "Boleslav Chrabrý" ; 967 – 17 June 1025), less often known as Bolesław I the Great (Polish: "Bolesław I Wielki" ), was Duke of Poland from 992 to 1025, and the first King of Poland in 1025.
 As Boleslav IV, he was also Duke of Bohemia between 1002 and 1003.
 He was the son of Mieszko I of Poland by his wife, Dobrawa of Bohemia.
 According to a scholarly theory, Bolesław ruled Lesser Poland already during the last years of his father's reign.
 Mieszko I, who died in 992, divided Poland among his sons, but Bolesław expelled his father's last wife, Oda of Haldensleben, and his half-brothers and reunited Poland between 992 and 995.
Frederick III (German: "Friedrich" ; 18 October 1831 – 15 June 1888) was German Emperor and King of Prussia for ninety-nine days in 1888, the Year of the Three Emperors.
 Friedrich Wilhelm Nikolaus Karl, known informally as "Fritz", was the only son of Emperor Wilhelm I and was raised in his family's tradition of military service.
 Although celebrated as a young man for his leadership and successes during the Second Schleswig, Austro-Prussian and Franco-Prussian wars, he nevertheless professed a hatred of warfare and was praised by friends and enemies alike for his humane conduct.
 Following the unification of Germany in 1871 his father, then King of Prussia, became the German Emperor.
 Upon Wilhelm's death at the age of ninety on 9 March 1888, the thrones passed to Frederick, who had by then been German Crown Prince for seventeen years and Crown Prince of Prussia for twenty-seven years.
 Frederick was suffering from cancer of the larynx when he died on 15 June 1888, aged fifty-six, following unsuccessful medical treatments for his condition.
Gothard Wilhelm Butler (German: "Gotthard Wilhelm von Buttlar" , c. 1600 – January 18, 1660) was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman and politician of Scottish origin, born in Kuldīga (Goldingen).
 He was Grand treasurer of the Crown, the Crown court chamberlain and a captain of the guard of King John II Casimir Vasa and erderman of Prienai, Parnu and Bolesław.
Cardell Butler (born April 28, 1981 in San Francisco, California), also known as "Ballaholic," is an American streetball player.
 He is known for his appearances on the AND1 Mixtape Tour shows, which aired on ESPN.
 In conventional basketball, Butler has also played for the San Diego Wildcats of the American Basketball Association.
 He is 6-foot 4-inches tall, wears size 19 shoes, and plays the guard position.
 Butler is known for his aggressive scoring ability.
 When he was 15, Butler received his nickname, "Ballaholic", because he earned a reputation on the basketball court of always shooting the ball whenever he gained possession of it.
 Butler now plays for the San Francisco Rumble of the American Basketball Association.
George Gothard Aitken (2 July 1898 – 8 July 1952) was a rugby union footballer who represented New Zealand – known as the All Blacks – and then Scotland.
 He was born in Westport, New Zealand, and was selected to play provincially for Buller at the age of 16.
 After moving to Wellington, Aitken played for the province from 1917, and from there was selected for the All Blacks side that faced South Africa when they toured New Zealand in 1921.
 After only two Test matches for the All Blacks, both as captain, he was dropped from the team.
 In 1922 Aitken was awarded a Rhodes Scholarship and travelled to England to study at the University of Oxford.
 He played for the university's rugby club, and from there he was selected for Scotland.
 He first represented the country in 1924, and in 1925 appeared in all of their Five Nations matches; Scotland won all four of those games, and in doing so achieved their first ever Grand Slam.
Jogaila, later Władysław II Jagiełło (] ) (c. 1352/1362 – 1 June 1434) was the Grand Duke of Lithuania (1377–1434) and then the King of Poland (1386–1434), first alongside his wife Jadwiga until 1399, and then sole King of Poland.
 He ruled in Lithuania from 1377.
 Born a pagan, in 1386 he converted to Catholicism and was baptized as Władysław in Kraków, married the young Queen Jadwiga, and was crowned King of Poland as Władysław II Jagiełło.
 In 1387 he converted Lithuania to Christianity.
 His own reign in Poland started in 1399, upon the death of Queen Jadwiga, and lasted a further thirty-five years and laid the foundation for the centuries-long Polish–Lithuanian union.
 He was a member of the Jagiellonian dynasty in Poland that bears his name and was previously also known as the Gediminid dynasty in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
 The dynasty ruled both states until 1572, and became one of the most influential dynasties in late medieval and early modern Central and Eastern Europe.
 During his reign, the Polish-Lithuanian state was the largest state in the Christian world.
The monarchs of Prussia were members of the House of Hohenzollern who were the hereditary rulers of the former German state of Prussia from its founding in 1525 as the Duchy of Prussia.
 The Duchy had evolved out of the Teutonic Order, a Roman Catholic crusader state and theocracy located along the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea.
 The Teutonic Knights were under the leadership of a Grand Master, the last of whom, Albert, converted to Protestantism and secularized the lands, which then became the Duchy of Prussia.
 The Duchy was initially a vassal of the Kingdom of Poland, as a result of the terms of the Prussian Homage whereby Albert was granted the Duchy as part of the terms of peace following the Prussian War.
 When the main line of Prussian Hohenzollerns died out in 1618, the Duchy passed to a different branch of the family, who also reigned as Electors of Brandenburg in the Holy Roman Empire.
 While still nominally two different territories, Prussia under the suzerainty of Poland and Brandenburg under the suzerainty of the Holy Roman Empire, the two states are known together historiographically as Brandenburg-Prussia.
 Following the Second Northern War, a series of treaties freed the Duchy of Prussia from any vassalage to any other state, making it a fully sovereign Duchy in its own right.
 This complex situation (where the Hohenzollern ruler of the independent Duchy of Prussia was also a subject of the Holy Roman Emperor as Elector of Brandenburg) laid the eventual groundwork for the establishment of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701.
 For diplomatic reasons, the rulers of the state were known as the King in Prussia from 1701 to 1772; largely because they still owed fealty to the Emperor as Electors of Brandenburg, the "King in Prussia" title (as opposed to "King of Prussia") avoided offending the Emperor.
 As the Prussian state grew through several wars and diplomatic moves throughout the 18th century, it became apparent that Prussia had become a Great Power that did not need to submit meekly to the Holy Roman Empire.
 By 1772, the pretense was dropped, and the style "King of Prussia" was adopted.
 Thus it remained until 1871, when in the aftermath of the Franco-Prussian War, the King of Prussia Wilhelm I was crowned German Emperor.
 From that point forward, though the Kingdom of Prussia retained its status as a constituent state of the German Empire, all remaining Kings of Prussia also served as German Emperor, and that title took precedence.
The shooting guard (SG), also known as the two or off guard, is one of the five positions in a regulation basketball game.
 A shooting guard's main objective is to score points for his team.
 Some teams ask their shooting guards to bring up the ball as well; these players are known colloquially as combo guards.
 Kobe Bryant, for example, as a shooting guard was as good a playmaker as he was a scorer; other examples of combo guards are Dwyane Wade, Allen Iverson, James Harden, Manu Ginóbili, Jamal Crawford, Randy Foye and Jason Terry.
 A player who can switch between playing shooting guard and small forward is known as a swingman.
 Notable swing men (also known as wing players) include Jimmy Butler, Tracy McGrady, Vince Carter, Joe Johnson, Andre Iguodala, Andrew Wiggins, Evan Turner and Tyreke Evans.
 In the NBA, shooting guards usually range from 6' 4" (1.93 m) to 6' 7" (2.01 m) and 5' 9" (1.75 m) to 6' 0" (1.83 m) in the WNBA.
