Faith and Action in the Nation’s Capital is a Christian outreach organization ministering to top-level government officials.
 The organizational headquarters is located in Washington, D.C. across the street from the east façade of the United States Supreme Court.
 From there, they provide numerous personal ministries to elected officials and their staff, conduct worship services, sponsor religious oriented events, as well as providing media commentary on faith issues that are interwoven within governmental and legal matters.
 Faith and Action also serves as a resource on questions of church and state.
The Culture of Disbelief (ISBN  ) is a 1994 book by Stephen L. Carter.
 In it, he holds that religion in the United States is trivialized by American law and politics, and that those with a strong religious faith are forced to bend to meet the viewpoint of a "public faith" which is largely faithless.
 Carter argues that there is a place for faith in public life, while still adhering to the separation of church and state.
Faith Lutheran Middle School & High School is a private Christian school located in Summerlin, Clark County, Nevada serving the Las Vegas Valley.
 Faith has students who come from 60 different zip codes.
 The school, which began in 1979, serves grades 6–12 and is affiliated with the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod.
 Faith Lutheran is the largest Lutheran school in the United States and the largest non-public school in the state of Nevada.
 Faith Lutheran is governed by a Board of Directors representing the thirteen Lutheran churches in its association.
The 1920 State of the Union Address was written by the 28th President of the United States, Woodrow Wilson, on Tuesday, December 7, 1920.
 It was his last address to both houses of the 66th United States Congress.
 Warren Harding would become president on Friday, March 4, 1921.
 He said, "By this faith, and by this faith alone, can the world be lifted out of its present confusion and despair.
 It was this faith which prevailed over the wicked force of Germany.
 You will remember that the beginning of the end of the war came when the German people found themselves face to face with the conscience of the world and realized that right was everywhere arrayed against the wrong that their government was attempting to perpetrate."
 He is referring to how the United States contributed to the victory of World War I.
Secularism (Bengali: ধর্ম নিরপেক্ষতা ) is one of the four fundamental principles according to the original 1972 Constitution of Bangladesh.
 Bangladesh is Secular country by constitution.
 The "secularism" principle was removed from the constitution in 1977 by Ziaur Rahman, replaced with a statement of "absolute trust and faith in Almighty Allah", and Islam was declared the state religion in 1988.
 In 2010, the Bangladesh Supreme Court restored "secularism" as one of the basic tenets of the constitution but Islam remained the state religion.
 Over 90% of Bangladeshis are Muslims, the rest being Hindus 8%, Buddhists 1%, Christians 0.9%, and others 0.1%.
 People in Bangladesh observe various secular festivals at different times throughout the year.
 The ethos of secularism in South Asia is in many ways different from that of Western versions that assert complete separation of church and state.
 Rather, it is the freedom of individuals to practice the faith he or she desires without being subject to any form of state or communal discrimination.
David O. Oyedepo (born September 27, 1954) is a Nigerian Christian author, architect, preacher, the founder and presiding Bishop of the megachurch Faith Tabernacle in Ota, Ogun State, Nigeria, and Living Faith Church Worldwide, also known as Winners' Chapel.
 Oyedepo is the senior pastor of Faith Tabernacle, a 50,000-seat church auditorium, reported to be the largest church auditorium in the world by the Guinness Book of Records.
Legalism (or nomism), in Christian theology, is the act of putting the Law of Moses above gospel by establishing requirements for salvation beyond obedience, repentance and faith in Jesus Christ and reducing the broad, inclusive, and general precepts of the Bible to narrow and rigid moral codes.
 It is an over-emphasis of discipline of conduct, or legal ideas, usually implying an allegation of misguided rigour, pride, superficiality, the neglect of mercy, and ignorance of the grace of God or emphasizing the letter of law at the expense of the spirit.
 Legalism is alleged against any view that obedience to law, not faith in God's grace, is the pre-eminent principle of redemption.
 On the viewpoint that redemption is not earned by works, but that obedient faith is required to enter and remain in the redeemed state, see covenantal nomism.
Willard Eugene McCombs (16 June 1925 – 20 January 2004) was a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's seventy-sixth House district (83rd and 84th) from Faith, North Carolina, including constituents in Rowan County and as Co-Chair of General Government.
 After first working at his father's grocery store, he enlisted in the U. S. Army at age 18 and, two years later, started serving on the Faith Board of Aldermen and eventually Rowan County Commission.
 A retired merchant from Faith, North Carolina, McCombs was serving in his sixth term in the state House when he died in office and one of the county's most well known public servants.
The Bahá'í Faith bears a strong bond to the nation of Turkey as Bahá'u'lláh, the founder of the Faith, was exiled to Constantinople, current-day Istanbul, by the Ottoman authorities during the formative days of the religion.
 Since the establishment of the Bahá'í Faith in Turkey's predecessor state, the Ottoman Empire, and in Turkey, the legal standing of the religion has been contested as progressively wider scales of organization of the religion have been attempted by the community.
 In the 21st century, many of the obstacles to the religion remain in place, as Bahá'ís cannot register with the government officially.
 Despite this, members do not face significant persecution due to the separation of religion and state in Turkey, and there are estimated to be 10,000 to 20,000 Bahá'ís and around one hundred Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies in Turkey.
The Confession of Faith of the Evangelical United Brethren Church is one of three established Doctrinal Standards of the United Methodist Church, along with the Articles of Religion and the Standard Sermons of John Wesley.
 The United Methodist Church adopted the Confession of Faith in 1968 when the Methodist Church merged with the Evangelical United Brethren Church to form the United Methodist Church.
 The Confession of Faith covers much of the same ground as the Articles of Religion, but it is shorter and the language is more contemporary.
 The Confession of Faith also contains an article on the Judgment and Future State (derived from the Augsburg Confession) which had not been present in the Methodist Articles of Religion.
