Diphan or Deepan (1972 – 13 March 2017) was an Indian film director best known for his Malayalam films.
 He was best known as the director of the blockbuster Puthiya Mukham, released in 2009 and starring Prithviraj Sukumaran.
 He died on 13 March 2017 after a long time with kidney problems.
 He was the son of the dubbing artist Anandavally.
Vijaya Bhaskar (; 1924–2002) was an Indian music director and composer who composed music for several mainstream and experimental feature films in the Kannada film industry.
 Scoring music for over 600 feature films, Bhaskar worked in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Marathi, Tulu and Konkani language films as well.
 He was a part of all of popular Kannada film director KSL Swamy's (Ravi) movies and was also known for his association with acclaimed directors Puttanna Kanagal and Adoor Gopalakrishnan.
Casanovva (promoted theatrically as Confident Casanovva) is a 2012 Indian Malayalam romantic thriller film directed by Rosshan Andrrews.
 The film stars Mohanlal, Shriya Saran, Lakshmi Rai, Vikramjeet Virk.
 The film's original soundtrack was composed by Gopi Sundar, Alphons Joseph and Gowri Lakshmi, with the film score also done by Gopi Sundar.
 It was director Rosshan's third film with Mohanlal in the lead, following "Udayananu Tharam" and "Evidam Swargamanu".
 The film was released on 26 January 2012 in India.
 The Hindi remake rights to the film were bought by Ketan Shah for million () .
Deepak Devraj Komath, better known as Deepak Dev (Malayalam: ദീപക് ദേവ് ), is an Indian music composer, best known for his compositions in Malayalam cinema, with films such as "Chronic Bachelor", "Udayananu Tharam", "Naran", "Puthiya Mukham," "Urumi", "Grandmaster" and "Bhaskar the Rascal".
Mickey J Meyer is an Indian music composer and singer known for his works predominantly in Telugu Cinema, and a few Kannada films which are mostly remakes of his Telugu ventures.
 An alumnus of Trinity College of Music at London, United kingdom and his Light music is noted for being a harmonious blend of traditional Indian music and Western instrumentation.
 He has received two Filmfare Awards South, and two state Nandi Awards for the Best music Direction in hits such as "Happy Days" and "Kotha Bangaru Lokam".
Monty Sharma (born April 17, 1970) is a music composer from India scoring music for Bollywood.
 He is popular for being the background music composer for "Black" (2005), "Ram-Leela" (2013) and music director for "Saawariya" (2007).
 He is cousin of famous Indian music composer Mithoon & nephew of famous music composer Pyarelal Sharma of popular Indian music composer duo Laxmikant–Pyarelal.
Puthiya Mukham (English: "The New Face") is a 2009 Malayalam action film directed by Diphan(Assistant Director-Sajith Jagadnandan) and starring Prithviraj Sukumaran.
 The shooting locations were Kochi, Palakkad, and Malaysia.
 The music was
Udayananu Tharam (English: "Udayan is the Star" ) is a 2005 Indian Malayalam black comedy film directed by Rosshan Andrrews and scripted by Sreenivasan from a story by Andrrews.
 The film stars Mohanlal, Meena, Sreenivasan, Jagathy Sreekumar, and Mukesh.
 "Udayananu Tharam" presents the Malayalam film industry through a satirical viewpoint.
Mithun Sharma (born 11 January 1985), popularly known as Mithoon, is an Indian film music composer and lyricist.
 He is the son of Naresh Sharma, who has scored background music for over a thousand songs in over two hundred films.
 He is also the nephew of music composer Pyarelal Sharma of popular Indian music composer duo Laxmikant–Pyarelal.
This year saw the comeback of Suresh Gopi as Police officer in Renji Panicker's "Bharathchandran I.P.S." and Shaji Kalias's "The Tiger".
 For Mammootty it was debut Anwar Rasheed's "Rajamanikyam" and Shafi's "Thommanum Makkalum".
 Mohanlal had debut Rosshan Andrrewss "Udayananu Tharam" and Joshiy's "Naran".
 Mohanlal received Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor for Blessy's "Thanmathra".
 Dileep had comedy-flick Rafi - Mercartin's "Pandippada".
