Fancy Free is a ballet by Jerome Robbins, subsequently ballet master of New York City Ballet, made on Ballet Theatre, predecessor of American Ballet Theatre, to a score by Leonard Bernstein, with scenery by Oliver Smith, costumes by Kermit Love and lighting by Ronald Bates.
 The premiere took place on Tuesday, 18 April 1944 at the old Metropolitan Opera House, New York.
 The NYCB premiere took place Thursday, 31 January 1980.
 "Fancy Free" was the inspiration for a successful musical, "On the Town", and a portion of the score was also used in the opening scenes of Alfred Hitchcock's "Rear Window".
The Governing Council of the Cat Fancy (GCCF) is a cat registry, established in 1910 and the largest organisation that registers pedigree cats in the United Kingdom.
 It was formed from a small number of cat clubs which were registering cats at the time when the modern cat fancy was in its first stages.
 It is considered to be the original prototype for cat fancy registries.
 It is an independent body with around 150 member clubs, including specialist breed clubs and area clubs covering particular regions.
 The GCCF became an incorporated company on 5 November 2010.
 It licenses cat shows put on by its affiliated clubs with about 135 shows per year.
 Pedigree cats shown at these shows can gain the titles Champion, Grand Champion, Imperial Grand Champion and Olympian.
 The latter having three levels, Bronze, Silver and Gold.
 The word Champion is replaced by Premier for neutered cats.
 The showing of non-pedigree cats (often referred to as Domestic shorthair and Domestic longhair) and Pedigree Pets is also popular at GCCF shows.
"No Strings (I'm Fancy Free)" is a popular song written by Irving Berlin for the 1935 film "Top Hat", where it was introduced by Fred Astaire.
Melody Time (working title All in Fun) is a 1948 American live-action animated film and the 10th theatrically released animated feature produced by Walt Disney.
 It was released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures on May 27, 1948.
 Made up of several sequences set to popular music and folk music, the film is, like "Make Mine Music" before it, the popular music version of "Fantasia" (an ambitious film that proved to be a commercial disappointment upon its original theatrical release).
 "Melody Time", while not meeting the artistic accomplishments of "Fantasia", was mildly successful.
 It is the fifth Disney package film following "Saludos Amigos", "The Three Caballeros", "Make Mine Music", and "Fun and Fancy Free".
African Cats is a 2011 nature documentary film directed by Keith Scholey and Alastair Fothergill about a pride of lions and a family of cheetahs trying to survive on the African savannah.
 The film was released theatrically by Disneynature on Earth Day, April 22, 2011.
 The film is narrated by Samuel L. Jackson (Patrick Stewart in the UK release).
 A portion of the proceeds for the film were donated to the African Wildlife Foundation and their effort to preserve Kenya's Amboseli Wildlife Corridor.
 The film's initiative with the African Wildlife Foundation is named "See African Cats, Save the Savanna," and as of May 2, 2011, ticket sales translated into 50,000 acres of land saved in Kenya.
"(I'm Settin') Fancy Free" (sometimes known as "I'm Setting Fancy Free" or simply "Fancy Free") is the title song written by Roy August and Jimbeau Hinson, and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys.
 It was released in August 1981 as the second single from the album "Fancy Free".
 The song reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in November 1981, during The Oak Ridge Boys' peak of popularity, and it is considered one of their signature songs.
Vance DeBar "Pinto" Colvig (September 11, 1892 – October 3, 1967) was an American vaudeville actor, voice actor, radio actor, newspaper cartoonist, and circus performer, whose schtick was playing the clarinet off-key while mugging.
 Colvig was the original Bozo The Clown, and the original voice of the Disney character Goofy.
 In 1993, he was posthumously made a Disney Legend for his contributions to Walt Disney films, including "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" and "Fun and Fancy Free".
Clifton Avon Edwards (June 14, 1895 – July 17, 1971) — known as "Ukulele Ike" — was an American singer, actor and voice actor who enjoyed considerable popularity in the 1920s and early 1930s, specializing in jazzy renditions of pop standards and novelty tunes.
 He had a number-one hit with "Singin' In The Rain" in 1929.
 He also did voices for animated cartoons later in his career, and is best known as the voice of Jiminy Cricket in Walt Disney's "Pinocchio" (1940) and Fun and Fancy Free (1947).
On the Town is a 1949 Technicolor musical film with music by Leonard Bernstein and Roger Edens and book and lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green.
 It is an adaptation of the Broadway stage musical of the same name produced in 1944 (which itself is an adaptation of the Jerome Robbins ballet entitled "Fancy Free" which was also produced in 1944), although many changes in script and score were made from the original stage version; for instance, most of Bernstein's music was dropped in favor of new songs by Edens, who disliked the majority of the Bernstein score for being too complex and too operatic.
 This caused Bernstein to boycott the film.
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 American live-action animated musical fantasy comedy package film produced by Walt Disney and released on September 27, 1947 by RKO Radio Pictures.
 It is the 9th Disney animated feature film and the fourth of the package films the studio produced in the 1940s in order to save money during World War II.
 The Disney package films of the late 1940s helped finance "Cinderella", and subsequent others, such as "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan".
