Berlingot and Company (French:Berlingot et compagnie) is a 1939 French comedy film directed by Fernand Rivers and starring Fernandel, Suzy Prim and Fernand Charpin.
The Two Boys (French: Les deux gosses) is a 1936 French drama film directed by Fernand Rivers.
 It is based on the 1880 novel of the same name by Pierre Decourcelle, which had previously been made into a silent film "The Two Boys".
The Ladies in the Green Hats (French: Ces dames aux chapeaux verts) is a 1949 French comedy film directed by Fernand Rivers and starring Colette Richard, Henri Guisol and Marguerite Pierry.
 It was the third adaptation of Germaine Acremant's novel of the same title to be made.
Cyrano de Bergerac is a 1946 French romantic comedy film directed by Fernand Rivers and starring Claude Dauphin, Ellen Bernsen and Pierre Bertin.
 It is based on the 1897 play "Cyrano de Bergerac" by Edmond Rostand.
Fernand Rivers (born François Large, 6 September 1879, Saint-Lager - 12 September 1960) was a French actor, screenwriter, film producer and director.
 He was the brother of the actor Rivers Cadet.
Louis-Jacques Boucot also known under the pseudonyms Louis Boucaud or Louis Boucot, (3 November 1882 in Paris – 28 March 1949 in Paris) was an 20th-century French actor and film director.
 He appeared in films between 1910 ("Une gentille petite femme" by Georges Denola) and 1938 in "La Pésidente" by Fernand Rivers.
The Ironmaster (French: Le Maître de forges ) is a 1933 French drama film scripted and supervised by Abel Gance, and directed by Fernand Rivers.
 It is a remake of the 1912 film "Le Maître de forges".
 In 1948 Rivers himself remade the film.
The Ironmaster (French: Le maître de forges) is a 1948 French drama film directed by Fernand Rivers and starring Hélène Perdrière, Jean Chevrier and Jeanne Provost.
Woodson is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pulaski County, Arkansas, in the United States.
 Its population was 403 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Woodson and its accompanying Woodson Lake and Wood Hollow are the namesake for Ed Wood Sr., a prominent plantation owner, trader, and businessman at the turn of the 20th century.
 Woodson is adjacent to the Wood Plantation, the largest of the plantations own by Ed Wood Sr.
Good Luck (French: Bonne chance!)
 is a 1935 French romantic comedy film directed by  Sacha Guitry and Fernand Rivers and starring Guitry, Jacqueline Delubac and Pauline Carton.
 In it a woman becomes convinced a man she has met is a good luck charm after she wins a lottery.
