Mister Roberts is a 1984 television film that was originally broadcast live March 19, 1984 on NBC and adapted from the play by Thomas Heggen and Joshua Logan, based on Heggen's novel, and starring Robert Hays as Doug Roberts and Charles Durning as the captain.
Honeymoon Academy (also titled For Better or For Worse) is a 1990 American comedy-drama film starring Robert Hays and Kim Cattrall.
 It was directed by Gene Quintano and was filmed in Spain.
Airplane II: The Sequel (titled Flying High II: The Sequel in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Japan, and the Philippines) is a 1982 American parody film.
 It is the sequel to the 1980 film "Airplane!
".
 Released on December 10, 1982, the film was written and directed by Ken Finkleman and stars Robert Hays, Julie Hagerty, Lloyd Bridges, Chad Everett, William Shatner, Rip Torn, and Sonny Bono.
 The team who wrote and directed the original "Airplane!"
 (Jim Abrahams, David Zucker, and Jerry Zucker) had no involvement with this sequel.
Luminus (Edward Lytener) is a fictional character and villain that made several appearances throughout the DC animated universe.
 He was voiced by Robert Hays, the character is primarily an enemy of Superman.
Touched is a 1983 American romantic drama film starring Robert Hays and directed by John Flynn.
The Retrievers is a 2001 television film starring Robert Hays, Mel Harris, Alan Rachins, Alana Austin, Taylor Emerson, Betty White and Robert Wagner.
 It was directed by Paul Schneider and written by Larry Ketron.
Starman is an American science fiction television series starring Robert Hays and Christopher Daniel Barnes which continues the story from John Carpenter's 1984 film of the same name.
 The series aired on ABC from September 19, 1986 to May 2, 1987.
"Don't Call Me Shurley" is the twentieth episode of the paranormal drama television series "Supernatural"' s season 11, and the 238th overall.
 The episode was written by co-executive producer Robbie Thompson and directed by executive consultant Robert Singer.
 It was first broadcast on May 4, 2016 on The CW.
 In the episode, after Amara unleashes another attack, Sam and Dean look through a way to stop her while the Prophet Chuck Shurley returns to face her.
 The episode finally confirmed the theories among the series' fans that speculated that Chuck was God.
 The title is a reference to the phrase "Don't call me Shirley" from the movie "Airplane!
" in a dialogue between Robert Hays and Leslie Nielsen.
Airplane!
 (titled Flying High!
 in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Japan and the Philippines) is a 1980 American satirical parody film directed and written by David and Jerry Zucker as well as Jim Abrahams, and produced by Jon Davison.
 It stars Robert Hays and Julie Hagerty and features Leslie Nielsen, Robert Stack, Lloyd Bridges, Peter Graves, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and Lorna Patterson.
 The film is a parody of the disaster film genre, particularly the 1957 Paramount film "Zero Hour!
", from which it borrows the plot and the central characters, as well as many elements from "Airport 1975".
 The film is known for its use of surreal humor and its fast-paced slapstick comedy, including visual and verbal puns and gags.
Robert Hays (born July 24, 1947) is an American actor, best known for his role as pilot Ted Striker in the film "Airplane!
" (also known as "Flying High") and for his role as Robert Seaver in "".
