Journey to the West () is a 2014 French-Taiwanese film directed by Tsai Ming-liang.
 The title is inspired by the 16th century Chinese literary classic of the same name.
 It had its world premiere at the "Panorama" section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival in February 2014.
 It is an entry in Tsai's "Walker series" of films.
Chen Chao-jung () is a Taiwanese actor.
 He is most famous for starring in several of Tsai Ming-liang's films, including "Rebels of the Neon God" and "Vive L'Amour".
 He is also enormously popular in Taiwan as a TV actor.
Tsai Ming-liang () (born 27 October 1957) is a Taiwanese filmmaker.
 He has written and directed 10 feature films and has also directed many short films and television films.
 Tsai is one of the most celebrated "Second New Wave" film directors of Taiwanese cinema.
 His films have been acclaimed worldwide and have won numerous film festival awards.
 Tsai is considered to be an auteur.
What Time Is It There?
 (Chinese:《你那邊幾點》) is a 2001 film directed by Tsai Ming-liang.
 It stars Lee Kang-sheng, Chen Shiang-chyi, and Lu Yi-Ching.
The Hole, also known as The Last Dance, is a 1998 drama-musical film directed by Tsai Ming-liang.
 It stars Yang Kuei-Mei and Lee Kang-sheng.
Rebels of the Neon God () is a 1992 Taiwanese film by Tsai Ming-liang.
 It is his first full-length film.
 It tells two stories of Taipei youth.
 One details alienated buxiban student Hsiao Kang (Lee Kang-sheng) and his troubled interactions with his family.
 The other shows two petty hoods, Ah Tze and Ah Ping, along with Ah Kuei, Tze's erstwhile girlfriend.
 An idle act of violence brings the two groups into collision, and an act of revenge at the end completes the circle.
 It is a story of troubled youth, dissatisfaction, and the alienating effect of urban life.
The Skywalk is Gone (Mandarin name: Tianqiao bu jian le) is a 2002 Taiwanese short film directed by Tsai Ming-liang and starring Chen Shiang-chyi and Lee Kang-sheng.
Vive L'Amour is a 1994 Taiwanese New Wave film by Tsai Ming-liang.
 It is Tsai's second feature film and premiered in the 51st Venice International Film Festival, where it won the prestigious Golden Lion.
 The film features striking images and sparse dialogue on urban alienation and loneliness, with three main characters unknowingly sharing an apartment in Taipei.
Face is a 2009 Taiwanese-French film written and directed by Tsai Ming-liang.
The River is a 1997 Taiwanese film directed by Tsai Ming-liang and starring Lee Kang-sheng, Miao Tien, and Lu Yi-ching.
 The plot centers on a family who has to deal with the son's neck pain.
 In 2003, a critic called it Tsai's "bleakest film."
