Summer Holiday is a British CinemaScope and Technicolor musical film featuring singer Cliff Richard.
 The film was directed by Peter Yates (his debut), produced by Kenneth Harper.
 The original screenplay was written by Peter Myers and Ronald Cass (who also wrote most of the song numbers and lyrics).
 The cast includes Lauri Peters, Melvyn Hayes, Teddy Green, Jeremy Bulloch, Una Stubbs, Pamela Hart, Jacqueline Daryl, Lionel Murton, Madge Ryan, David Kossoff, Nicholas Phipps, Ron Moody and The Shadows.
 Herbert Ross choreographed the musical numbers.
Godzilla: Final Wars (ゴジラ ファイナルウォーズ , Gojira: Fainaru Wōzu ) is a 2004 Japanese kaiju film featuring Godzilla, produced and distributed by Toho.
 It is the 29th film in the "Godzilla" franchise, the 28th Godzilla film produced by Toho, and the sixth and final film in the Millennium series.
 The film is directed by Ryuhei Kitamura, written by Wataru Mimura and Isao Kiriyama, and stars Masahiro Matsuoka, Rei Kikukawa, Don Frye, Maki Mizuno, Kazuki Kitamura, Kane Kosugi, Masakatsu Funaki, Kumi Mizuno, Kenji Sahara, Masami Nagasawa, Chihiro Otsuka, Shigeru Izumiya, Masato Ibu, Jun Kunimura and Akira Takarada.
 It is also the last Godzilla film to be produced by any studio until "Godzilla" (2014) and the last Godzilla film to be produced by Toho until "Shin Godzilla" (2016).
Townsend Putnam Coleman III (born May 28, 1954) is an American voice actor who performed in many animated series and TV commercials beginning in the early 1980s.
 Among his most notable roles are Michaelangelo from "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", Wayne Gretzky on "ProStars" and the title character in "Where's Waldo?
" and the eponymous "The Tick" and he also did additional voices in "Dexter's Laboratory", "The Powerpuff Girls", "Adventure Time", "Animaniacs", "The Buzz on Maggie", "Camp Lazlo", "CatDog", "Catscratch", "Danny Phantom", "Dave the Barbarian", "", "The Fairly OddParents", "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends", "Gravity Falls", "Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi", "", "The Loud House", "The Mighty B!
", "My Life As A Teenage Robot" and "The Replacements" and he also did the voice of Knotty in "" (1992) and he also did additional voices in films "Fantasia 2000" (1999) and "Sing" (2016)
Rebirth of Mothra (モスラ , Mosura , released in Japan simply as Mothra) is a 1996 Japanese tokusatsu kaiju film featuring Mothra, produced and distributed by Toho.
 The film is directed by Okihiro Yoneda and serves as a reboot of the "Mothra" film series and is the first installment in the "Rebirth of Mothra" trilogy.
 It is also the last kaiju film produced by Tomoyuki Tanaka, who produced various kaiju films featuring Mothra, Godzilla, and others.
 The film was released in Japan on December 14, 1996.
Kaze, Ghost Warrior is an independent, computer animated film featuring anthropomorphic animals as the inhabitants of a distant world.
 The 22-minute pilot episode, created entirely by Timothy Albee, is intended to be viewed as both the first episode of a projected series, and as a Lightwave technology demo.
 The film was released in late 2004 on DVD and is available through a private distributor.
 It has also traversed the globe within numerous film festivals winning awards and recognition along the way and is currently touring the U.K.
 The second episode of the series is currently in development.
 A touched-up re-release of the pilot is also planned and would include such polishing touches as tails for the characters, a voice for Utsukushii, and "an in-depth scene between Kaze and his father talking about Kaze's disappearance and return."
King Kong vs. Godzilla (キングコング対ゴジラ , Kingu Kongu Tai Gojira ) is a 1962 Japanese science fiction kaiju film featuring King Kong and Godzilla, produced and distributed by Toho.
 It is the third film in the "Godzilla" franchise and Showa series and the first of two Japanese-produced films featuring King Kong.
 It is also the first time both characters appeared on film in color and widescreen.
 The film is directed by Ishirō Honda with special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya and stars Tadao Takashima, Kenji Sahara, and Mie Hama.
 Produced as part of Toho's 30th anniversary celebration, this film remains the most attended of all the Godzilla films to date.
King Kong Escapes (released in Japan as Counterattack of King Kong (キングコングの逆襲 , Kingu Kongu no Gyakushū ) , is a 1967 Japanese-American science-fiction "kaiju" film featuring King Kong, co-produced by Toho and Rankin/Bass.
 The film is directed by Ishiro Honda with special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya and stars Rhodes Reason, Linda Miller, Akira Takarada, Mie Hama, Eisei Amamoto, with Haruo Nakajima as King Kong and Yū Sekida as Mechani-Kong and Gorosaurus.
 The film was a loose adaptation of the Rankin/Bass Saturday morning cartoon series "The King Kong Show" and was the second and final Japanese-produced film featuring King Kong.
 "King Kong Escapes" was released in Japan on July 22, 1967 and released in the United States on June 19, 1968.
Bosko the Musketeer is an American animated short film.
 It is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon, featuring Bosko, the first star of the series.
 It was released on August 12, 1933, although some sources note September 16 as a date; this is problematic, as that would imply that the last films featuring Bosko as the star of Warner Bros. cartoons were released after the first film featuring Buddy, the second star of the series.
 It was, like most "Looney Tunes" of the time, directed by Hugh Harman; Frank Marsales was the musical director.
The Barbie Diaries is a 2006 motion capture film featuring popular Mattel character Barbie, and directed by Eric Fogel (the director of My Scene films).
 It is part of the "Barbie" film series featuring the voice of Kelly Sheridan as Barbie, and Skye Sweetnam as the singing Barbie.
 By the Curious Pictures's Movie.
 This is the last Barbie film made by Lionsgate before Barbie film series was sold to Universal.
Kelly Metzger is a Canadian voice and theater actress, born in Edmonton and based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
 After making her debut in the title role of "Anne of Green Gables", she performed on the stage with several Vancouver based theatrical companies.
 After this, she began a career in voice acting.
 Among her more noted voice acting roles are the English voice of Sayu Yagami in the anime series based on the "Death Note" manga, the character of Buttercup in "Powerpuff Girls Z", the voice of Spitfire in "" (excluding the episode "Sonic Rainboom", where she was voiced by Nicole Oliver), the voice of Nya in the Cartoon Network series "", and the voice of Sugar Sprinkles and Kora Dixon in "Littlest Pet Shop".
 She also voiced Makena in "".
 Metzger also does the singing voice of the character Gloriosa Daisy in the 2016 film "".
