Mel Gorham (born Marilyn Schnaer) is an American actress who is best known for her role as Violet in Wayne Wang's films "Smoke" and "Blue in the Face".
 Gorham is from Miami, Florida, and is of Cuban and Jewish descent.
The Center of the World is an American film directed by Wayne Wang, which was digitally shot and released in 2001.
 It stars Peter Sarsgaard as a Dot-com millionaire who hires a drummer/stripper (Molly Parker) to stay with him in Las Vegas for three days for US$10,000.
 The film was screened out of competition at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
Powerstrip Studio, based in Los Angeles, California, is a private company established in 2000.
 It specializes in conceptual design for hotels, restaurants, lounges, spas, outdoor living areas and theatres throughout the United States.
 It had created such hotels as Ivy Hotel, 39 Degrees Aspen, The Bridge, W Los Angeles, W New Orleans, Blowfish, Hotel Derek, Westin Governor Morris, and Quarter Kitchen.
 Powerstrip Studio has worked with Jim Jarmusch, Ridley Scott, Kevin Costner, Wayne Wang, and Paul T. Anderson with projects that have been acknowledged with Emmy nominations for Outstanding Art Direction and an Academy Award nomination for Best Art Direction.
 Powerstrip Studio has been featured in such editorials as Space, Los Angeles Confidential, Cool Hotels, Fortune Magazine, Gold Key Awards, Hip Hotels Thames and Hudson, Interior Design, Business Traveler, Hotels Magazine, Metropolitan, Architectural Record, Ski Hotels Te Neues, Wallpaper, 944 San Diego, Pipedreams, Lucky Magazine, and Hotels: Designer & Design.
Smoke is a 1995 American independent film by Wayne Wang and Paul Auster.
 The original story was written by Paul Auster, who also wrote the screenplay.
 The film was produced by Hisami Kuroiwa, Harvey Weinstein and Bob Weinstein and directed by Wayne Wang.
 Among others, it features Harvey Keitel, William Hurt, Victor Argo, Forest Whitaker, Ashley Judd, Stockard Channing and Harold Perrineau Jr..
Wayne Wang (; born January 12, 1949) is a Hong Kong-born American film director.
Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Wayne Wang and based on a story by John Hughes, who is credited using a pseudonym.
 It stars Jennifer Lopez, Ralph Fiennes, and Natasha Richardson.
 In the film, a hotel maid and a high profile politician fall in love.
 The film was released on December 13, 2002.
The Joy Luck Club () is a 1993 American film about the relationships between Chinese-American women and their Chinese mothers.
 It was directed by Wayne Wang and stars Ming-Na Wen, Rosalind Chao, Lauren Tom, Tamlyn Tomita, France Nguyen, Kieu Chinh, Lisa Lu, and Tsai Chin.
 The film is based on the eponymous 1989 novel by Amy Tan, who co-wrote the screenplay with Ronald Bass.
 The film was produced by Bass, Tan, Wang and Patrick Markey while Oliver Stone served as an executive producer.
 Four older women, all Chinese immigrants living in San Francisco, meet regularly to play mahjong, eat, and tell stories.
 Each of these women has an adult Chinese-American daughter.
 The film reveals the hidden pasts of the older women and their daughters and how their lives are shaped by the clash of Chinese and American cultures as they strive to understand their family bonds and one another.
Cora Miao () is a Chinese actress who worked predominantly in Hong Kong films.
 During her career she was nominated for four Hong Kong Film Awards and four Golden Horse Film Festival awards, winning one.
 She won the Miss Photogenic award in the Miss Hong Kong Pageant in 1976 after graduating from the United State.
 She is married to film director Wayne Wang.
Amy Tan (born February 19, 1952) is an American writer whose works explore mother-daughter relationships and the Chinese American experience.
 Her novel "The Joy Luck Club" was adapted into a film in 1993 by director Wayne Wang.
Yu Feihong (born 1971), also known as Faye Yu, is a Chinese actress and an occasional film director and producer, best known in the west for Wayne Wang's award-winning American films "A Thousand Years of Good Prayers" (2007) and "The Joy Luck Club" (1992).
 In the Chinese-speaking world she is best known for starring in a number of popular Chinese television series.
