The Blue Bird Vision is a bus that is manufactured and marketed by Blue Bird Corporation in North America and exported worldwide.
 Built on a proprietary chassis designed and manufactured by the company, the Blue Bird Vision is a conventional-style cowled-chassis bus with various seating configurations and capacities ranging from 36 to 77 passengers.
 While sold primarily in a school bus configuration, the Vision is also built in various commercial and specialty configurations.
Blue Bird is the first mini-album by Japanese singer and voice actor, Shouta Aoi.
 The mini-album was released on June 26, 2013.
 The album includes songs like "ブルーバード" ("Blue Bird"), which served as the ending song for the TV Asahi show "Break Out", "月下の華 (Gekka no Hana)" which served as theme song on the Ikemen Ooku drama CD and "愛のささめきごと (Ai no Sasameki Goto)" which serves as theme song for Sangokushi Lovers drama CD The album was released in two formats: Regular (CD) and Limited (CD+DVD)
The Blue Bird Micro Bird is a bus body produced in the United States and Canada by Blue Bird Corporation.
 First introduced in 1975, the Micro Bird body is combined with a cutaway van chassis, with passenger capacity ranging from 10 to 30 passengers.
 While most examples are produced as a school bus, the Micro Bird has been sold in various configurations, including commercial-use minibuses and as a MFSAB (Multi-Function School Activity Buses).
 MFSABs are alternatives to 15-passenger vans; examples have come into use by child care centers and other organizations (including school systems) due to updated safety regulations.
The Blue Bird TC/2000 is a product line of buses that was produced by the American manufacturer Blue Bird Corporation (then Blue Bird Body Company) from 1988 to 2003.
 Introduced as a second transit-style product range alongside the Blue Bird All American, the TC/2000 was produced in front-engine and rear-engine layouts.
The Blue Bird All American is a bus produced by American bus manufacturer Blue Bird Corporation (originally Blue Bird Body Company) since 1948 in six different generations.
 While originally developed as a school bus (its most common configuration), the All American has been marketed for a number of applications throughout its production, including the Blue Bird Wanderlodge luxury motorhome.
The Blue Bird Mini Bird was a Type B school bus built by Blue Bird Corporation, introduced in 1977.
 It was dropped in the early 2000s as market tastes shifted away from Type B school buses.
Albert Laurence Luce (26 June 1888-16 October 1962) was an American industrialist, entrepreneur, bus designer, and business owner.
 He is best known for founding the Blue Bird Body Company, a bus and recreational vehicle manufacturer now known as Blue Bird Corporation.
Wanderlodge is a high end brand of Class A motorhome recreational vehicle that was built by the Blue Bird Body Company (now Blue Bird Corporation) in Fort Valley, Georgia, from about 1963 until 2009.
 Production started with a 31 ft gasoline-powered forward control (front engine) model and expanded to include larger diesel engine powered pusher (rear engine) models up to 45 ft in length.
 They remain highly prized by their owners and have an extensive service network.
The Blue Bird Corporation (originally known as the Blue Bird Body Company) is an American bus manufacturer headquartered in Fort Valley, Georgia.
 Best known for as a manufacturer of school buses, the company has also manufactured a wide variety of other bus types, including transit buses, motorhomes, and specialty vehicles such as mobile libraries and mobile police command centers.
 Currently, Blue Bird concentrates its product lineup on school and activity buses and specialty vehicle derivatives.
"Blue Bird" is the 40th single released by Ayumi Hamasaki.
 It was released on June 21, 2006.
 "Blue Bird" was Hamasaki's 15th consecutive single to top the Oricon and 27th #1 single in total.
 Initially planned to be a triple A-side single, it features two new songs, "Blue Bird" and "Beautiful Fighters".
 "Blue Bird" was the CM song for Zespri Gold Kiwifruit while "Beautiful Fighters" is featured on a Panasonic D-snap and D-dock commercial.
 A rearrangement of "Ladies Night", featured in her "(Miss)understood" album, called "Ladies Night (Another Night)" (which was featured in an earlier Panasonic Lumix commercial) is also featured on this single.
 A trance remix to "Blue Bird" is also on the single.
 On her official website, she describes "Blue Bird" as being a summer song, and "Beautiful Fighters" as being a song praising women.
