Sarasota County Sheriff's Office (SSO) is the primary law enforcement agency for Sarasota County, Florida.
 The agency is responsible for law enforcement services in unincorporated areas of Sarasota County (home to over 60 percent of the county's residents), jail facilities and courthouse security for Florida's 12th Judicial Circuit.
 SSO also operates Public Safety Communications (PSC), the county's primary 911 center.
The Selby Public Library was the first library in Sarasota County, Florida and was established in 1907.
 The current building is the largest public library in Sarasota County and serves the downtown district of Sarasota, Florida.
North Port is a city in southern Sarasota County, Florida, United States.
 The population was 57,357 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the North Port–Bradenton–Sarasota Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 It was originally developed by General Development Corporation as the northern or Sarasota County part of its Port Charlotte development.
 GDC dubbed it "North Port Charlotte", and it was incorporated under that name through a special act of the Florida Legislature in 1959.
 By referendum in 1974 the city's residents approved a change to simply North Port to proclaim its separate identity.
The Stevens-Gilchrist House, at 235 Delmar Avenue in Whitfield, Manatee County, Florida, is located in the Whitfield Estates Subdivision in the Sarasota metropolitan area, and was built in 1926.
 It has also been known as Norrie House.
 Although the Whitfield Estates Subdivision is in Manatee County, Florida, not in the city of Sarasota, Florida (in Sarasota County) proper, residents use "Sarasota" as their mailing address and have associated themselves more with Sarasota, just to the south, rather than with Bradenton a bit further to the north.
Sarasota County Area Transit (SCAT) provides public transportation for Sarasota County, Florida and is operated by the county.
 SCAT maintains 24 fixed-line bus routes plus a dial-a-ride paratransit service (SCAT Plus).
 Bus service is offered throughout Sarasota County from 5am until midnight 7 days a week.
 There is no service on most major holidays, with the Longboat Trolley being the only exception.
 However, trolley service does not run on Thanksgiving or Christmas Day.
The Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball are planning to move to a new Spring Training stadium in Sarasota County, Florida, for the 2019 season.
 Their lease at Champion Stadium expires at the end of the 2018 season.
 The ballpark will be located in North Port, Florida in the southern part of Sarasota County, 35 miles south of Sarasota, Florida.
Florida's 16th congressional district is an electoral district for the U.S. Congress and was reassigned in 2012, effective January 2013, to western Manatee County, Florida and Sarasota County.
 The district stretches from Bradenton, the County Seat, in Manatee County to North Port, in Sarasota County, the county's youngest and most populous incorporated city.
 The city of Sarasota is the County Seat of Sarasota County.
Sarasota ( ) is a city in Sarasota County on the southwestern coast of the U.S. state of Florida.
 The area is renowned for its cultural and environmental amenities, beaches, resorts, and the Sarasota School of Architecture.
 The city is at the southern end of the Tampa Bay Area, north of Fort Myers and Punta Gorda.
 Its official limits include Sarasota Bay and several barrier islands between the bay and the Gulf of Mexico.
 According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2013 Sarasota had a population of 53,326.
 In 1986 it became designated as a certified local government.
 Sarasota is a principal city of the Sarasota metropolitan area, and is the seat of Sarasota County.
Sarasota–Bradenton International Airport (IATA: SRQ, ICAO: KSRQ, FAA LID: SRQ) is in Sarasota County (terminal) and Manatee County (airfield), Florida.
 Owned by the Sarasota Manatee Airport Authority, it is three miles north of Sarasota (Sarasota County) and six miles south of Bradenton (Manatee County).
Dwight James Baum (1886–1939) was an American architect most active in New York and in Sarasota, Florida.
 His work includes Cà d'Zan, the Sarasota Times Building (1925), Sarasota County Courthouse (1926), early residences in Temple Terrace, Florida, Sarasota County Courthouse (1927), Pinecroft, West Side YMCA on 63rd Street between Central Park and Columbus Avenue, Columbus Circle (Syracuse, NY) (1934) and Hendricks Memorial Chapel.
