Cornelius Crane "Chevy" Chase ( ; born October 8, 1943) is an American actor and comedian.
 Born into a prominent New York family, he worked a variety of jobs before moving into comedy and began acting with "National Lampoon".
 He became a key cast member in the debut season of "Saturday Night Live", where his recurring "Weekend Update" segment soon became a staple of the show.
 As both a performer and writer, he earned three Primetime Emmy Awards out of five nominations.
Saturday Night Live Weekend Update Thursday is an American limited-run series broadcast on NBC.
 It is a political satire news show spin-off from "Saturday Night Live", featuring that show's "Weekend Update" segment.
 It initially ran for three 30-minute episodes in October 2008, during the lead-up to the 2008 United States presidential election.
Gail Matthius (born December 14, 1953) is an American actress, voice actress and comedian.
 She was a cast member of NBC's "Saturday Night Live" during its critical and ratings low point at the time (the 1980–1981 season headed by Jean Doumanian), and co-anchored the Weekend Update segment with Charles Rocket in 1981.
Weekend Update is a "Saturday Night Live" sketch that comments on and parodies .
 It is the show's longest-running recurring sketch, having been on since the show's first broadcast, and is typically presented in the middle of the show immediately after the first musical performance.
 One or two of the players are cast in the role of news anchor, presenting gag news items based on current events and acting as hosts for occasional editorials, commentaries, or other performances by other cast members or guests.
 Chevy Chase has claimed that "Weekend Update" which he started as anchor in 1975 paved the way for comedic news shows like "The Daily Show" and "The Colbert Report".
Herbert Sargent (July 15, 1923 – May 6, 2005) was an American television writer, a producer for such comedy shows as "The Tonight Show" and "Saturday Night Live", and a screenwriter ("Bye Bye Braverman").
 During his tenure at "Saturday Night Live", he and Chevy Chase created Weekend Update, the longest-running sketch in the show's history, and one of the longest running sketches on television.
Charles Adams Claverie (August 28, 1949  – October 7, 2005), known by such stage names as Charlie Hamburger, Charlie Kennedy, and, most famously, Charles Rocket, was an American actor.
 He was best known for his tenure as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live", for his role as the villain Nicholas Andre in the film "Dumb and Dumber", and for his appearance as Dave Dennison, Max and Dani Dennison's father in Disney's "Hocus Pocus".
Roseanne Roseannadanna is one of several recurring characters created by Gilda Radner, who appeared on "Weekend Update" in the early seasons of "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL"), which aired on the NBC network.
 She was the segment's consumer affairs reporter who, like an earlier Radner character Emily Litella, editorialized on current issues, only to go off-topic before interrupted by the anchor.
 Unlike Litella's meek and apologetic character, Roseannadanna was brash and tactless.
 The character was based on Rose Ann Scamardella, a former anchorwoman on WABC-TV's "Eyewitness News" in New York City.
 The character also appeared later in Radner's live one-woman shows.
Seth Adam Meyers (born December 28, 1973) is an American comedian, writer, political commentator, actor, and television host.
 He hosts "Late Night with Seth Meyers", a late-night talk show that airs on NBC.
 Prior to that, he was a head writer for NBC's "Saturday Night Live" (2001–2014) and hosted the show's news parody segment, "Weekend Update".
Alan Whitney Brown (born July 8, 1952) is an American writer and comedian best known for work on "Saturday Night Live" in the 1980s.
 In addition to writing for the program, he appeared opposite Dennis Miller in a biting satirical Weekend Update commentary segment called "The Big Picture."
 He won a 1988 Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing in a Variety or Music Program, along with Al Franken, Tom Davis, Phil Hartman, Mike Myers, Lorne Michaels and Conan O'Brien.
 He was also one of the original correspondents on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" from 1996 to 1998.
"The Chanukah Song" is a novelty song written by comedian Adam Sandler with "Saturday Night Live" writers Lewis Morton and Ian Maxtone-Graham and originally performed by Sandler on "Saturday Night Live"' s Weekend Update on December 3, 1994.
 Sandler subsequently performed the song as part of his stand-up act, later updating it with new lyrics.
 All variations center on the theme of Jewish children feeling alienated during the Christmas season, and Sandler's listing of Jewish celebrities (both real and fictional) as a way of sympathizing with their situation.
