The Los Angeles Dance Theater is a dance-oriented production company founded in 2003 by George Balanchine protege John Clifford.
 The company was requested by Warner Bros.
 Theatre Ventures, Inc., the live theatre division of Warner Bros.
 Studios.
 The company was founded for the purpose of creating a live-stage dance version of the film "Casablanca". "
"Casablanca, The Dance"" premiered in Beijing, China on the 5th of April, 2005 at the 10,000 seat "Great Hall of the People" to sold-out audiences and standing ovations.
 A projected world tour was cancelled when Warner Bros. ceased live theatre operations after the failure of their first Broadway musical, "Lestat".
 Later, Warner Bros. restarted producing musicals, fueling rumors about the revival of the "Casablanca, The Dance," world tour.
Gelsey Kirkland (born December 29, 1952) is an American ballerina.
 Kirkland joined the New York City Ballet in 1968 at age fifteen, at the invitation of George Balanchine.
 She was promoted to soloist in 1969 and principal in 1972.
 She went on to create leading roles in many of the great twentieth century ballets by Balanchine, Jerome Robbins, and Antony Tudor including Balanchine's revival of "The Firebird", Robbins' "Goldberg Variations", and Tudor's "The Leaves are Fading".
 Balanchine re-choreographed his version of Stravinsky's "The Firebird" specifically for her.
 She left the New York City Ballet to join the American Ballet Theatre in 1974.
John Clifford, born June 12th is the founder / artistic director of the original Los Angeles Ballet (1974–1985), and the chamber sized touring ensemble, Ballet of Los Angeles (1988–1991) and the creator of “CASABLANCA, THE DANCE” produced by Warner Bros.
 Theatre Ventures, Inc. (which premiered in Beijing, China at the historic "Great Hall of the People" in 2005) and his Los Angeles Dance Theater.
 Before that time,Clifford was a principal dancer and choreographer with George Balanchine’s New York City Ballet, (1966–1974) and guest artist from 1974–1980, and was widely considered to be Balanchine’s protégé (Saturday Review).
 He choreographed his first (of 8) ballets for the NYC Ballet under Balanchine at age 20 thus making him the 2nd youngest choreographer in history ever to be attached to a major company.
 The first was Balanchine himself who was 20 yrs-old when he choreographed his first ballet for Serge Diaghilev's "Ballets Russes."
 During his time with Balanchine, in his early 20's, he also was a guest choreographer with co's ranging from the San Francisco Ballet, to the Royal Winnipeg Ballet, to the Deutsche Oper Ballet in Berlin.
 Clifford's works were also featured in many TV shows and movies, such as "Flashdance," "The Man Who Loved Women," and TV series such as "Dynasty," "Glitter," and other shows produced by Blake Edwards and Aaron Spelling.
"Too Darn Hot" is a song written by Cole Porter for his musical "Kiss Me, Kate" (1948).
 In the stage version, it is sung at the start of Act 2, and in the 1948 original Broadway production, it was sung by Lorenzo Fuller (as Paul) and Eddie Sledge and Fred Davis (as the specialty dancers), leading the full company.
 In the 1953 MGM Hollywood film version, it is moved to a much earlier point, and it is sung by Ann Miller (as Lois Lane, Fred's new girlfriend, who is cast as Bianca).
 The song does not really contribute to the plot in either the stage or film versions; in the stage version, the song represents the company of "The Taming of the Shrew" taking a break offstage during the intermission of their play; in the film version it allows the audience to see Lois's fun-loving, risk-taking nature, and gave Ann Miller a chance to show off her dancing skills, specifically tap.
 The line 'According to the Kinsey report' (in the original stage production) was changed in the film version to 'According to the latest report'.
 The song has also been covered by many artists.
Razzia is a 2017 Moroccan drama film directed by Nabil Ayouch.
 It was selected as the Moroccan entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 90th Academy Awards.
 "Razzia" is mostly set in Casablanca and characters frequently discuss the 1942 film "Casablanca".
The American Ballet was the first professional ballet company George Balanchine created in the United States.
 The company was founded with the help of Lincoln Kirstein and Edward Warburg, managed by Alexander Merovitch and populated by students of Kirstein and Balanchine's School of American Ballet.
 Having failed to mount a tour, American Ballet began performing at the "Old Met."
 After being allowed to stage only two dance performances ("Orfeo and Eurydice" in 1936 and an evening of dances choreographed to the music of Igor Stravinsky in 1937), Balanchine moved the company to Hollywood in 1938.
 The company was restarted as the American Ballet Caravan and toured North and South America, although it too folded after several years.
Les Ballets 1933 was a ballet company started by Boris Kochno and George Balanchine, which Balanchine used to create new works that were completely his own, set to music that no one had yet choreographed.
 The company ran for less than four weeks in 1933 and tailored itself to small, wealthy audiences in Paris (the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées) and London (Savoy Theatre), but despite its scale, it came out with works that Balanchine later used to instruct at his School of American Ballet, and in the programs of his later companies.
 Outside a theatre for Les Ballets, Balanchine first met Lincoln Kirstein.
Michael Lorant is an American singer-musician, best known for producing the album "Jesus Christ Superstar: A Resurrection", a project done with Amy Ray and Emily Saliers, members of Indigo Girls.
 He is also well known for performing a live stage version with many musicians from the Atlanta alternative scene.
 Lorant played guitar, drums, piano, and other instruments for the album.
 He sang the role of Judas Iscariot, and also sang the roles of other characters on the album.
Heather Watts (born September 27, 1953), was a principal ballerina with New York City Ballet.
 A native of California, Ms. Watts was born as Linda Heather Watts in Long Beach on September 27, 1953.
 As a little girl, she was a troublemaking child.
 She had always wanted to be an actress.
 An acting coach advised her taking ballet classes, seeing as she was incredibly dramatic (and clumsy).
 She started dancing at the age of 10, came to New York at the age of 13 on a Ford Foundation summer scholarship to attend the School of American Ballet, the official school of the New York City Ballet.
 She moved permanently to New York at age 15, again on a Ford Foundation scholarship to the School of American Ballet.
 Watts joined the New York City Ballet in 1970 and was promoted to principal dancer by company founder George Balanchine in 1979.
 George Balanchine took Watts into his companies "because he would not let such a talent disappear."
 During Ms. Watts's tenure with the company, she had numerous principal roles created for her by George Balanchine, Jerome Robbins, and Peter Martins among others.
 Mr. Balanchine gave Ms. Watts the principal roles in many of his existing masterpieces, including "Agon", Concerto Barocco, "Apollo", Symphony in C, "Theme and Variations" and "Serenade".
 Ms. Watts performed around the world and starred in numerous "Dance in America" television programs, and she performed opposite frequent partner Mikhail Baryshnikov at the White House in a national televised performance of Balanchine's "Rubies" for President and Mrs. Carter.
 Ms. Watts retired from the stage in a gala performance at Lincoln Center in 1995.
Serenade is a ballet by George Balanchine to Tschaikovsky's 1880 "Serenade for Strings in C", Op. 48.
 Students of the School of American Ballet gave the first performance on Sunday, 10 June 1934 on the Felix M. Warburg estate in White Plains, N.Y., where "Mozartiana" had been danced the previous day.
 This was the first ballet that Balanchine choreographed in America.
 It was then presented by the Producing Company of the School of American Ballet on 6 December at the Avery Memorial Theatre of the Wadsworth Atheneum with sets by the painter William Littlefield.
 Balanchine presented the ballet as his response to the generous sponsorships he received during his immigration to America.
 The official premiere took place on 1 March 1935 with the American Ballet at the Adelphi Theatre, New York, conducted by Sandor Harmati.
