Central is the largest of Botswana's districts in terms of area and population.
 It encompasses the traditional homeland of the Bamangwato people.
 Some of the most politically connected Batswana have come from the Central District, including former President Sir Seretse Khama, former President Festus Mogae, and current President Lt. General Seretse Ian Khama.
 The district borders Zimbabwe's Matabeleland North and Matabeleland South Provinces, and in the southeast Central borders South Africa's Limpopo Province, North-East in the northeast, Kgatleng in the south, Kweneng in southwest, Ghanzi in the North and North-West in the northwest direction
The Judaean Desert or Judean Desert (Hebrew: מִדְבַּר יְהוּדָה‎ ‎ "Midbar Yehuda", both "Desert of Judah" or "Judaean Desert"; Arabic: صحراء يهودا‎ ‎ "Sahara Yahudan") is a desert in Israel and the West Bank that lies east of Jerusalem and descends to the Dead Sea.
 It stretches from the northeastern Negev to the east of Beit El, and is marked by terraces with escarpments.
 It ends in a steep escarpment dropping to the Dead Sea and the Jordan Valley.
 The Judaean Desert is crossed by numerous wadis from northeast to southeast and has many ravines, most of them deep, from 1,200 feet in the west to 600 feet in the east.
 The Judaean Desert is an area with a special morphological structure along the east of the Judaean Mountains.
Desert riparian is a North American desert vegetation type (or biome) occurring in the bottoms of canyons and drainages that have water at or near the surface most of the year.
 It is contrasted with the desert dry wash vegetation type in which water at or near the surface is lacking most of the year.
 The visual character is of large, lush green trees surrounded by dry desert vegetation and soil coloration.
 The area may be in a patch surrounding a spring (oasis), or in a strand following the course of water flow.
 Over 80% of known desert wildlife species use desert riparian areas.
 Common dominant species include Fremont cottonwood ("Populus fremontii"), Arizona ash ("Fraxinus velutina"), arroyo willow ("Salix lasiolepis"), Goodding's willow ("Salix gooddingii"), red willow ("Salix laevigata"), California fan palm ("Washingtonia filifera"), and invasive species such as salt cedar ("Tamarix ramosissima"), giant reed ("Arundo donax"), and Russian olive ("Elaeagnus angustifolia").
 Salt cedar is particularly causing problems for this ecosystem because it is able to extract water more efficiently than cottonwoods and willows.
 Many noninvasive non-native species may also be found because springs and surface water areas in the desert often were old homesites where such species were intentionally planted, such as elm, black locust, and assorted fruit trees.
The Ordos Desert, also known as the Muu-us (bad water) Desert, () is a desert and steppe region lying on a plateau in the south of the Inner Mongolian Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China (centered ca. )
.
 The soil of the Ordos is a mixture of clay and sand and, as a result, is poorly suited for agriculture.
 It extends over an area of approximately 90,650 km².
 It comprises two large deserts: the 7th largest desert in China, the Kubuqi Desert (库布其沙漠 /庫布齊沙漠; "pinyin": KùbùqíShāmò ) in the north, and the 8th largest desert in China, the Muu-us Desert (毛乌素沙漠 /毛烏素沙漠; "pinyin": MáowūsùShāmò ), in the south.
Pobiti Kamani (Bulgarian: Побити камъни , "planted stones"), also known as The Stone Desert, is a desert-like rock phenomenon located on the north west Varna Province border in Bulgaria.
 It is considered the only desert in Bulgaria and one of few found in Europe.
 The desert consists of sand dunes and several groups of natural rock formations on a total area of 13 km².
 The formations are mainly stone columns between 5 and 7 meters high and from 0.3 to 3 meters thick.
 The columns do not have solid foundations, but are instead hollow and filled with sand, and look as if they were stuck into the surrounding sand, which gives the phenomenon its name.
 Sandstorms and sand twisters have also been known to commonly occur in this desert region of Bulgaria.
 The Stone Desert is not only a well known European tourist attraction due to its desert like habitat, but it is one of few places where desert type vegetation such as cactus are known to grow.
 It is also the only desert in Europe in which desert reptilians and other desert type animalia are found to thrive.
 The Stone Desert along with the Tabernas Desert of Spain is one of two naturally formed deserts in all of Europe and the only known naturally formed desert in Eastern Europe.
Kang is a village in Kgalagadi District of Botswana.
 It is situated in the Kalahari Desert and lies on the Trans-Kalahari Highway between Ghanzi in the north and Sekoma in the south.
 Kang also provides access to the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park in the south-west and the Central Kalahari Game Reserve in the north-east.
 The route via Ghanzi takes one to the Namibian border, whilst that to Sekoma leads to Gaborone, the capital of Botswana.
 The population was 5,985 according to the 2011 census.
Ghanzi (sometimes Gantsi) is a district in western Botswana, bordering Namibia in the west and extending east into much of the interior of the country.
 The district's administrative centre is the town of Ghanzi.
 Most of the eastern half of Ghanzi makes up the Central Kalahari Game Reserve.
 The human population at the 2001 census was 43,370, less populous than that of any other district in Botswana.
 Ghanzi's area is 117,910 km².
Ncojane or Nojane is a town in the Kalahari desert of Ghanzi District, western Botswana.
 It is located 20 kilometres from the border with Namibia, and it has both primary and secondary schools and a clinic.
 The population was 1,439 in 2001 census.
Dasht-e Kavir (Persian: دشت كوير‎ ‎ , 'Low Plains' in classical Persian, from "khwar" (low), and "dasht" (plain), flatland), also known as Kavir-e Namak ( 'salty lowlands') and the Great Salt Desert, is a large desert lying in the middle of the Iranian plateau.
 It is about 800 km by 320 km with a total surface area of about 77600 sqkm , making it the Earth's 26th largest desert.
 The area of this desert stretches from the Alborz mountain range in the north-west to the Dasht-e Lut in the south-east and is partitioned between the Iranian provinces of Khorasan, Semnan, Tehran, Isfahan and Yazd
Ghanzi is a town in the middle of the Kalahari Desert the western part of the Republic of Botswana in southern Africa.
 At the time of the 2011 census, there were 12,167 people living in the town with another 861 nearby.
 It is the administrative center of Ghanzi District and is known as the "Capital of the Kalahari".
 Ghanzi District measures 117910 km2 and is bordered by Ngamiland to the north, Central District to the east, and Kgalagadi and Kweneg Districts to the south.
 Its western border is shared with Namibia.
