Lighthouse Beach is a small section of the Fire Island National Seashore that is adjacent to Robert Moses State Park on New York's Long Island.
 It was notable for having sections that were officially designated as clothing optional prior to 2013.
Davis Park is a hamlet on Fire Island in the Town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County, in the U.S. state of New York, off the South Shore village of Patchogue, Long Island.
 It lies within the Fire Island National Seashore.
 Davis Park is commonly used to refer to the business and public part of the community on both sides of Trustees' Walk, in contrast to the sections known as Leja Beach (to the west of Trustees Walk bounding Center Walk to the North and South) and Ocean Ridge (to the east).
 However, Davis Park is also used to refer to all three areas together, which are contiguous, share services and social life, and are separated from other communities on the island.
Watch Hill is a campground and marina located on Fire Island, a barrier island off the south shore of New York's Long Island.
 The park is located across the Great South Bay from Patchogue and is contained within the Fire Island National Seashore.
Lighthouse Beach is a beach in Coos County, Oregon, United States.
 It is located between Yoakam Point State Natural Site to the south and Cape Arago Lighthouse to the north, in the unincorporated community of Charleston.
 The beach is popular with surfers, kayakers, and birdwatchers and offers slight protection from cross currents and wind due to the rocky headlands framing the beach.
 The beach does not have a parking lot and most visitors access the beach by parking along the Cape Arago Highway, near the intersection of Lighthouse Way, and walking down a footpath to the beach.
 Kayakers often access Lighthouse Beach by putting-in at Sunset Bay State Park or Bastendorff Beach County Park, and then paddling over to Lighthouse Beach.
 Lighthouse Beach is technically private property, but an easement grants access to pedestrians under the Oregon Beach Bill of 1967.
Fire Island National Seashore (FINS) is a United States National Seashore that protects a 26 mi section of Fire Island, an approximately 30 mi long barrier island separated from Long Island by the Great South Bay.
 The island is part of New York State's Suffolk County.
Cape Hatteras National Seashore is a United States national seashore which preserves the portion of the Outer Banks of North Carolina from Bodie Island to Ocracoke Island, stretching over 70 mi , and is managed by the National Park Service.
 Included within this section of barrier islands along N.C. 12, but outside the national seashore boundaries, are Pea Island National Wildlife Refuge and several communities, such as Rodanthe, Buxton, and Ocracoke.
 Cape Hatteras is a combination of natural and cultural resources, and provides a wide variety of recreational opportunities.
Assateague Island is a 37 mi long barrier island located off the eastern coast of Delmarva.
 The northern two-thirds of the island is in Maryland while the southern third is in Virginia.
 The Maryland section contains the majority of Assateague Island National Seashore and Assateague State Park.
 The Virginia section contains Chincoteague National Wildlife Refuge and a one-mile stretch of land containing the lifeguarded recreational beach and interpretive facilities managed by the National Park Service (or NPS).
 It is best known for its herds of feral horses, pristine beaches, and the Assateague Lighthouse.
 The island also contains numerous marshes, bays, and coves, including Toms Cove.
 Bridge access for cars is possible from both Maryland and Virginia, though no road runs the full length of the island.
The Otis Pike Fire Island High Dune Wilderness, also known as the Otis G. Pike Wilderness Area or the Fire Island Wilderness, is a federally protected wilderness area located on Fire Island, a barrier island off the south shore of Long Island, New York, United States.
 The 1380 acre wilderness is contained within the larger Fire Island National Seashore.
The Fire Island Lighthouse is a visible landmark on the Great South Bay, in southern Suffolk County, New York on the western end of Fire Island, a barrier island off the southern coast of Long Island.
 The lighthouse is located within Fire Island National Seashore and just to the east of Robert Moses State Park.
 It is part of the Fire Island Light Station which contains the light, keepers quarters, the lens building containing the original first-order Fresnel lens, and a boat house.
Padre Island National Seashore (PAIS) is a national seashore located on Padre Island off the coast of South Texas.
 In contrast to South Padre Island, known for its beaches and vacationing college students, PAIS is located on North Padre Island and consists of a long beach where nature is preserved.
