Here's No Peace is the second EP by Swedish black metal band Marduk.
 It was recorded and mixed at Hellspawn Studios in December 1991, but remained unreleased for almost six years until October 1997 when it was released by Shadow Records.
 The EP features a drastically different line-up than Marduk actually was by this time, with differences including Andreas Axelsson on vocals, Rikard Kalm on bass, and Joakim Göthberg on drums and additional vocals; Dan Swanö was also the mixer of the recording.
 The only member of the personnel to have remained with Marduk by the release of "Here's No Peace" was guitarist Morgan Steinmeyer Håkansson who remains part of the band to this day.
"If Not for You" is a song by Bob Dylan, recorded for his 1970 album "New Morning".
 Dylan recorded the album version in August 1970, having first recorded the song in a session with George Harrison on May 1 of that year.
 In addition to appearing on the album in October 1970, the August recording was released as a single in Europe; the May recording remained unreleased until its inclusion on "The Bootleg Series Volumes 1–3 (Rare & Unreleased)" in 1991.
"Stop the Clocks" is a song by English rock band Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds.
 Written by guitarist and vocalist Noel Gallagher in 2001, the song was originally recorded for the Oasis album "Don't Believe the Truth" in 2004, but was removed from the final track listing.
 When the band released a compilation of the same name, it was rumoured that the song would appear as a bonus track on the album, but as of 2009 (and the disbandment of Oasis) the song remained unreleased.
 A studio performance of the song, believed to be dating from the "Don't Believe the Truth" recording sessions, as well as a live version performed in May 2003, were leaked onto the internet on 6 May 2008 by an Oasis fansite.
 On 6 July 2011, it was announced that "Stop the Clocks" would finally be released on Noel Gallagher's debut solo album, "Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds".
"Baby Come On Home" is a soul song by English rock band Led Zeppelin.
 It was recorded during sessions for the band's debut album but remained unreleased until 1993, when it was included on the compilation "Boxed Set 2".
 The song was also included as a bonus track on the CD edition of the band's ninth studio album "Coda" as included in "The Complete Studio Recordings" (1993) and "Definitive Collection Mini LP Replica CD Boxset" (2008).
 In 2015, the song was included on disc one of the two companion discs of the reissue of "Coda".
Horrified is the only full-length album released by the American pre-Grindcore band Repulsion.
 This album was influential on later goregrind bands.
 Although the album was originally recorded in 1986, it remained unreleased until three years later.
 It was originally released on Necrosis Records, a sublabel of Earache Records.
"Walter's Walk" is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin.
 The music was recorded at Stargroves in May 1972 during the sessions for the group's fifth album, "Houses of the Holy", but it remained unreleased until 1982 when it was included on the album "Coda".
"Friends and Lovers" is a song written by Jay Gruska and Paul Gordon.
 The song was first recorded as a duet by Gloria Loring and Carl Anderson in 1985 for the soap opera "Days of Our Lives", produced by Doug Lenier.
 That recording remained unreleased until the summer of 1986, when it was released shortly after a version by Juice Newton and Eddie Rabbitt hit country radio.
 The country version featured the altered title of "Both to Each Other (Friends and Lovers)".
La Mujer "Shirley Bassey canta en Español" ("The Woman - Shirley Bassey sings in Spanish"), is a Shirley Bassey studio album recorded in Spanish.
 The first recording sessions were held in Spain, and the album was completed in California, at the Hitsville West studio in December 1988.
 The 1980s saw a period of very few album releases from Shirley Bassey: "All by Myself" (1982); the acclaimed album "I Am What I Am" (1984); her recording of James Bond themes from 1987, The Bond Collection, (which had met with problems and remained unreleased until 1992); and "La Mujer".
 In 1987 the Swiss electronica band Yello approached Shirley Bassey about recording a song with them.
 The track "The Rhythm Divine" was a minor hit in the UK, charting at number 54 in the UK singles chart but achieving more success on mainland Europe.
 The success of the single released by Mercury Records, led to an album deal on the label.
The 1913 recording of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony by Berlin Philharmonic conducted by Arthur Nikisch has been regarded as the first complete recording of a full length orchestral work, attributed by Joseph Szigeti as the first recording of Beethoven's "Fifth".
 The recording was widely distributed and has been described as having marked an "epochal" change in the music industry.
 In fact the first recording of Beethoven's "Fifth" was three years earlier, by Friedrich Kark and the Odeon Symphony Orchestra in Berlin in 1910.
 Though both the Kark and Nikisch recordings were cut in performance and the first fully and wholly complete recording of Beethoven's Fifth was only made by Albert Coates around 1920.
"Turpentine" is a song by the American alternative rock band Hole.
 It was written by vocalist and rhythm guitarist Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson.
 The song was one of the band's first compositions and remained unreleased for seven years before being released on the band's second EP, "The First Session" on August 26, 1997.
 Although not as well known as Hole's later songs, "Turpentine" is a notable song for the band as it is often cited as "the first Hole song."
