Poseidon ( ; Greek: Ποσειδῶν , ] ) was one of the Twelve Olympians in ancient Greek religion and myth.
 He was god of the Sea and other waters; of earthquakes; and of horses.
 In pre-Olympian Bronze Age Greece, he was venerated as a chief deity at Pylos and Thebes.
Chennai Om Sri Skandhashramam is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Murugan (Swaminatha Swami) in Chennai, India.
 It is located at Selaiyur, Tambaram, a southern neighbourhood of Chennai.
 The temple is known of its huge idols of several deities, including Kamala Siddhi Vinayakar, Panchamukha Heramba Ganapathy, Dattatreya, Panchamukha Hanuman, Sanieswara, Ayyapan, goddess Ashtadasabhuja Durga Parameswari, Sarabeswara (form of Shiva), goddess Prathiyankira, goddess Bhuvaneshwari, Swaminathaswamy (chief deity at the temple), Sudarshanachakathalwar, Lakshmi Narasimhar, Maha Sahasralingamurthy (1008 lingams), Nandikeswarar, goddess Annapurani and Chakra Poorna Maha Meru.
 There is also an idol of Saint Sathguru Santhananda Swamigal, who built the temple.
Jupiter, also known as Jove (Latin: "Iūpiter" ] or "Iuppiter" ] , gen.
 "Iovis" ] ), is the god of the sky and thunder and king of the gods in Ancient Roman religion and mythology.
 Jupiter was the chief deity of Roman state religion throughout the Republican and Imperial eras, until Christianity became the dominant religion of the Empire.
 In Roman mythology, he negotiates with Numa Pompilius, the second king of Rome, to establish principles of Roman religion such as offering, or sacrifice.
Quikinna'qu or Kutkinnaku is a chief deity of the Koryak mythology, part of the wider Siberian mythology.
 Quikinna'qu is depicted as a shapeshifting god or spirit that taught humans to hunt, fish and make fire.
Benthesikyme or Benthesicyme (Βενθεσικύμη, from βένθος "(sea) depth" and κῦμα "wave") in Greek mythology, according to the "Bibliotheca", was a daughter of Poseidon and Amphitrite and wife of Enalos, by whom she had two daughters.
 She raised  Eumolpus, son of Chione and Poseidon.
In Greek mythology, Styx ( ; Ancient Greek: Στύξ ] ) is a deity and a river that forms the boundary between Earth and the Underworld (the domain often called Hades, which also is the name of its ruler).
 The rivers Styx, Phlegethon, Acheron, Lethe, and Cocytus all converge at the center of the underworld on a great marsh, which sometimes is also called the Styx.
 According to Herodotus, the river Styx originates near Feneos.
 Styx is also a goddess with prehistoric roots in Greek mythology as a daughter of Tethys, after whom the river is named and because of whom it had miraculous powers.
Ranganāthar (Sanskrit : रङ्गनाथ) also known as Sri Ranganatha, Aranganathar, Ranga and Thenarangathan is a Hindu deity, more well known in South India, and the chief deity of the Sri Ranganathaswamy Temple, Srirangam.
 The deity is a resting form of Lord Vishnu, recumbent on the great form of the serpent god Adisesha, one of the foremost of Hindu Gods.
 His consort is Goddess Lakshmi, also known as Ranganayaki .
 His two other consorts seen next to his recumbent figure are Bhudevi and Nila Devi.
 Most of the deities portray a 'smiling' lord in a reclining position over the celestial serpent Adisesha in the sea of cosmic dissolution (pralaya).
 This is the form in which he is open to listening to all of his devotee's woes, and blesses them.
 Apart from being worshipped by all Hindus, this form is of particular importance to the Sri Vaishnava community.
 His name in Tamil means "leader of the place of assembly", coined from two Tamil words 'Arangam' and 'Nathan'.
 This temple is of particular interest for scholars in the south because of the vast history attached to it in shaping the religion in the south.
 However, the lack of proper mention about this temple or Lord Vishnu as "resting on a bed of snake in an ocean of milk" in the "Puranas", the Vishnu Sahasranama or other Sanskrit texts pertaining to North India makes it a center of lesser importance in the north.
Vanth is a chthonic figure in Etruscan mythology shown in a variety of forms of funerary art, such as in tomb paintings and on sarcophagi.
 Vanth is a female deity in the Etruscan underworld that is often accompanied either by additional Vanth figures or by another deity, Charun (later referred to as "Charu").
 Both Vanth and Charun are only seen in iconography beginning c. 400 BC, in the middle period of Etruscan art, although some earlier inscriptions mention her name.
 Vanth has no direct counterpart in Greek mythology, and is very frequently, but not always, seen winged.
 Although Vanth has no real Greek counterpart, she has been compared to the Greek Furies, the Erinyes, especially in older publications.
 This is an unlikely association since she is almost always shown in Etruscan iconography to be a benevolent guide, not an avenging spirit, which the Furies often represent.
 Her other attributes include the possession of a torch, key, or scroll, and she is shown often to be bare-chested with cross-straps across her breast, adorned with fur boots, a rolled short chiton, and sometimes with unattached sleeves.
 In fact her dress has been attributed by Scheffer as specifically the dress of a huntress.
The Theoi Project (also known as Theoi Greek Mythology) is a digital library website about Greek mythology and its representation in classical literature and ancient Greek art.
 It serves as a free reference to the gods ("theoi"), spirits ("daimones"), mythological creatures ("theres") and heroes of ancient Greek mythology and religion.
 Established in 2000, the website contains over 9,000 pages and 9,000 images.
 The website also has a library of classical literature on the theme of Greek mythology, including the works of many of the lesser-known poets.
Bathouism (बाथौ) is the traditional religion of the Bodo people or Kachari people.
 The name "Bathou" in Bodo means "five principles".
 The five principles are: "bar" (air), "san" (sun), "ha" (earth), "dwi" (water) and "okhrang" (sky).
 The chief deity, called "Bathoubwrai" ("bwarai": "the Elder")—omnipresent, omniscient and omnipotent—is said to have created the five principles.
 Though there are other minor gods and goddesses, Bathoubwrai is considered the Supreme God.
 Bathoubwrai is unseen.
 The second most important deity is "Mainao", the consort of Bathoubwrai, who is considered as the "protector of the rice fields".
