Jamal Sharif Anderson (born September 30, 1972) is a former American football running back of the National Football League.
 He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the seventh round of the 1994 NFL Draft.
 He played high school football at El Camino Real High School, where he was named to the CIF Los Angeles City Section 4-A All-City first team in 1989.
 He went on to play college football at Moorpark College for the Moorpark College Raiders before playing at Utah.
Johnson Bademosi (born July 23, 1990) is an American football cornerback and special teamer for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was signed by the Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2012.
 He was a member of the football, rugby, and track and field teams at Gonzaga College High School and went on to play college football for Stanford University.
Seantrel Henderson (born January 21, 1992) is an American football offensive tackle for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was drafted by the Bills in the seventh round of the 2014 NFL Draft.
 He played college football at Miami.
 Henderson attended Cretin-Derham Hall High School and originally signed a letter of intent to play college football at the University of Southern California, but was released from his commitment in July 2010 and eventually committed to the University of Miami.
The Blind Side is a 2009 American biographical sports drama film written and directed by John Lee Hancock, based on the 2006 book "" by Michael Lewis.
 The storyline features Michael Oher, an offensive lineman who was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL.
 The film follows Oher from his impoverished upbringing, through his years at Wingate Christian School (a fictional representation of Briarcrest Christian School in Memphis, Tennessee), his adoption by Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy, to his position as one of the most highly coveted prospects in college football, then finally becoming a first-round pick of the Ravens.
George Carroll Thomas, Jr. (March 4, 1928 – May 23, 1989) was an American football halfback and defensive back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the New York Giants.
 He was a standout high school basketball player, which led to his being recruited to play college basketball for Tulane University.
 However, first year OU football coach, Jim Tatum, convinced him stay in Oklahoma and play college football at the University of Oklahoma.
 Thomas was a standout for the Sooners, lettering in '46, '47,'48 and '49.
 He earned All-American status in 1949 List of Oklahoma Sooners football All-Americans.
 Thomas graduated from OU with a degree in Business Administration in 1950.
Jae Head (born December 27, 1996) is an American teen actor.
 He is best known for portraying Sean Junior (S.J.) Tuohy, son of Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy (played by Tim McGraw and Sandra Bullock), in the 2009 film "The Blind Side" directed by John Lee Hancock.
 Head first gained popularity by playing Bo Miller, a young boy befriended by Tim Riggins on the television series "Friday Night Lights".
 Subsequently, show creator Peter Berg cast Head in his film "Hancock" alongside Will Smith, Charlize Theron, and Jason Bateman.
 Head has also appeared in episodes of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", "MADtv", and "".
James Zell McDonald (born March 29, 1961) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League.
 He played for the Los Angeles Rams and Detroit Lions.
 He played college basketball at Southern California (USC) and did not play college football.
 His son, James McDonald, plays in Major League Baseball.
The 1891 Purdue football team was an American football team that represented Purdue University during the 1891 college football season.
 The team compiled a 4–0 record in the university's fourth season fielding an intercollegiate football team.
 For the 1891 season, Purdue hired Knowlton Ames as its football coach.
 Ames played for Princeton from 1886 to 1889 and was considered one of the greatest players ever to play college football, after scoring 730 points for Princeton.
 The 1891 Purdue team shut out all four opponents, outscoring Wabash, DePauw, Indiana, and Butler by a combined score of 192 to 0.
 Purdue's 60–0 victory over Indiana was the first installment in a rivalry which later became noted for the award of the Old Oaken Bucket trophy.
Leigh Anne Tuohy (née Roberts; born August 9, 1960) is an American interior designer.
 She is best known for being the legal guardian of Michael Oher.
 Their story was featured in Michael Lewis' 2006 book, "", and its 2009 feature film adaptation "The Blind Side".
 In the film, Tuohy was portrayed by actress Sandra Bullock, who won the Academy Award for Best Actress for the performance.
Baron Batch (born December 21, 1987), self-styled "The Artist", a Pittsburgh-based entrepreneur and former American football running back who retired from the NFL in 2013.
 He is known for his "FREE" art drops, where he posts pictures of giveaway paintings on Instagram and Twitter, leaving clues to their location.
 He played college football at Texas Tech University.
 Batch chose to play college football at Texas Tech University over offers from Northwestern University, Duke University, and New Mexico State University.
 Batch is from Midland, Texas.
 He is the owner and creator of Angry Man Salsa and creative director of Studio AM.
 He is the brother of Brian Batch of the band Alpha Rev.
