Rouba a.k.a. Roobz, is a soul singer/songwriter born in Lebanon and raised in the United Arab Emirates.
 She made her official debut into the music business in 2013 during Rolling Stone Magazine's fourth anniversary in the Middle East.
 The debut album entitled "Mama's Back" was entirely produced in Los Angeles by music producer Joe Kennedy.
Moriah Castillo Peters (born October 2, 1992) is an American contemporary Christian singer and songwriter born in Pomona, California and raised in Chino, California and Ontario, California.
 In 2012, Peters released the album entitled "I Choose Jesus", her first full-length studio album.
Javier Limón (born 1973) is a record producer, singer and songwriter born and raised in Madrid, Spain.
 Limón has worked with several artists, mainly from Spain, since he incorporates elements of flamenco rhythm to his work.
 Besides his work as producer has also dabbled as an interpreter and has released three studio albums, "Limón", "Son de Limón" and "Mujeres de Agua".
 Since 2003, Limón has done recordings in Israel, Bogotá, Bristol, Paris, Bahía Blanca, Buenos Aires, New York City and Morocco.
 In 2004, Limón was awarded the Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year for his work on "Lágrimas Negras" by Diego El Cigala and Bebo Valdés, "Cositas Buenas" by Paco de Lucía, "El Cantante" by Andrés Calamaro, "El Pequeño Reloj" by Enrique Morente, " Niño Josele" by Niño Josele and "Tributo Flamenco A Don Juan Valderrama" by Various Artists.
 Javier Limón serves as the Artistic Director of the Berklee College of Music's Mediterranean Music Institute, which operates in Valencia, Spain as well as Boston, Massachusetts.
Jack Starr is a heavy metal and blues guitarist and songwriter born of a French mother and American father.
 He learned to play guitar by ear, copying the riffs of R&B records.
 His first semi-professional band was Les Variations in France with future members of Trust.
 In the U.S. Starr emerged on the rock and metal scene in 1981, forming, together with Joey Ayvazian, David DeFeis and Joe O’Rielly, the first incarnation of the heavy metal band Virgin Steele.
 The new band was selected in 1982 by Mike Varney of Shrapnel Records to appear on the label's compilation album "U.S. Metal Volume 2".
 The song Starr sent in for the compilation was "Children of the Storm".
 After only two albums, "Virgin Steele" of 1981 and "Guardians of the Flame" of 1982, Starr left Virgin Steele in 1983 because of musical differences with the band’s front man and other main songwriter David DeFeis.
Manu Manzo is a 23 year old singer/songwriter born in Venezuela and raised in Miami.
Jessica Baldassarre known as Jessie Baylin is a Nashville-based singer/songwriter born April 4, 1984, in the Gillette section of Long Hill Township, New Jersey.
 Her debut album "You" was produced by Grammy Award winner Jesse Harris.
Matt O'Ree (born 26 February 1972) is an American blues-rock guitarist, singer, and songwriter born and raised in Holmdel, New Jersey.
 O'Ree is best known as the founder and front man for the Matt O'Ree Band which he formed in 1994.
 In 2015, Matt joined Bon Jovi as their touring rhythm guitar player next to Phil X.
 He joined just before the Bon Jovi Live!
 tour which began on September 11, 2015, in Jakarta, Indonesia at the Gelora Bung Karno Stadium and continued throughout Asia with the final show on October 3, 2015 in Tel Aviv, Israel at Hayarkon Park.
 This tour was in support of Bon Jovi's 2015 album Burning Bridges.
Dara Joy Maclean (born May 20, 1986) is an American contemporary Christian singer and songwriter born in Miami, Florida and raised in Fort Worth, Texas, ever since she was eight years old.
 On July 12, 2011 Maclean released the album entitled "You Got My Attention", her first full-length studio album.
O'Chi Brown (born Doris Gubbins) is an English singer and songwriter born in Tottenham, London, England.
 She scored two hits on the Dance Club Songs, the most successful being "Whenever You Need Somebody," which hit number one in 1986.
 The song's producers (Stock Aitken Waterman) would recycle the song for English singer Rick Astley a year later, and it would be the title of his debut studio album on PWL.
Fodder on My Wings is an album by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone.
 It is part of her later works, and can be regarded alongside "Baltimore" (1978) as one of her better achievements of that period.
 It is however a rather obscure album and not widely distributed.
 The album is one of Simone's most introspective and personal works, with songs about her father's death and her (not always pleasant) stay in Liberia, Trinidad and Switzerland.
 There is some confusion about the actual title of the album and the song with almost the same title on the album, being called "Fodder on My Wings", "Fodder in My Wings", "Fodder in Her Wings" interchangeably.
