There are several different types of media in the United Kingdom: television, radio, newspapers, magazines and websites.
 The country also has a strong music industry.
 The United Kingdom has a diverse range of providers, the most prominent being the publicly-owned public service broadcaster, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC).
 The BBC's largest competitors are ITV plc, which operates 13 of the 15 regional television broadcasters that make up the ITV Network, and 21st Century Fox, which holds a large stake in the satellite broadcaster Sky plc.
 Regional media is covered by local radio, television and print newspapers.
 Trinity Mirror operates 240 local and regional newspapers, as well as national newspapers such as the "Daily Mirror" and the "Sunday Mirror".
Saban's Tenko and the Guardians of the Magic is an American-French magical girl cartoon show produced by Saban Entertainment that centered on the fictional adventures of Japanese real-life magician Princess Tenko, Mariko Itakura.
 After each episode, she would appear in a live-action segment to perform an illusion or do her "Teach-A-Trick," a segment that teaches the audience a simple magic trick they could perform at home.
 Unfortunately, the show failed to attract an audience and production was cancelled after a single season, which ran from 1995-1996.
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is a British public service broadcaster with its headquarters at Broadcasting House in London.
 The BBC is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees.
 It employs over 20,950 staff in total, 16,672 of whom are in public sector broadcasting.
 The total number of staff is 35,402 when part-time, flexible, and fixed contract staff are included.
Radio and Television of Montenegro (Montenegrin: "Radio i televizija Crne Gore", Радио и телевизија Црне Горе - or RTCG, РТЦГ) is the public service broadcaster of Montenegro.
 A state-owned company with its headquarters in Podgorica, it is made up of Radio Montenegro (RCG - "Radio Crne Gore") and Montenegro Television (TVCG - "Televizija Crne Gore").
 In July 2001, RTCG became a joint member of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), and became a full member of the EBU upon the declaration of Montenegrin independence in 2006.
Gerald Barry (18 June 1947 – 14 March 2011) was an Irish political journalist and broadcaster.
 He worked for public service broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ) and the "Sunday Tribune" newspaper, during which time he became known for his "highly probing", "highly intelligent", "quite rigorous", "clinical, even forensic but never discourteous" interviewing style.
Supriya Sahu (Hindi: सुप्रिया साहू) is a senior Indian bureaucrat from 1991 batch of Indian Administrative Service.
 Recently, she was selected by Prasar Bharati, India's public service broadcaster, to be the Director General of state broadcaster Doordarshan.
 Currently, Supriya is posted as Director General Doordarshan.
 This is after almost two years that state broadcaster will get a full-time Director General.
 Supriya Sahu's appointment as head of Doordarshan was cleared by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet headed by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The RTÉ Executive Board, despite its name, is not a board of directors, but rather is a committee composed of the senior management of the Irish public service broadcaster, Raidió Teilifís Éireann, responsible for the day-to-day running of the broadcaster.
The Late Late Show, with its title often shortened to The Late Late, is an Irish chat show.
 It is the world's second longest-running late-night talk show, after the American "The Tonight Show".
 Perceived as the official flagship television programme of Ireland's public service broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ), it is regarded as an Irish television institution (even abroad) and is broadcast live across two hours plus in front of a studio audience on Friday nights between September and May at 21.30.
Solomon Islands Broadcasting Corporation (SIBC) is the official radio broadcaster of Solomon Islands.
 SIBC is self-defined as a public service broadcaster.
Alpha TV is a Greek terrestrial channel.
 With Antenna TV it is one of the two biggest stations in Greece, after the collapse of Mega channel, due to financial problems.
 The station features a mix of Greek and foreign shows with an emphasis on information.
 The studios are located near Athens.
 Alpha TV is owned by Alpha Satellite Television S.A. 100% shareholder of which is the Alpha Media Group Ltd., a member of the DEMCO Group of Companies.
 In Cyprus, private broadcaster Sigma TV broadcasts a number of Alpha TV's programmes.
 In the past, public service broadcaster CyBC used to broadcast Alpha TV programmes.
