Riccardo Massi is an Italian operatic tenor who had performed at such Italian theatres as both the Giuseppe Verdi Theatre and La Scala.
 He became known for his role as Mario Cavaradossi in "Tosca" which he performed in autumn of 2011 at the Bavarian State Opera and then performed again at the Berlin Opera Theatre in November of that year.
 His US debut was in February 2012 as Radames in "Aida" at the Metropolitan Opera following by another summer performance that year.
 In the autumn of 2012 he sang in "Il trovatore" staged by the Canadian Opera in Toronto and in February 2013 sang Calaf in "Turandot" produced by the Royal Swedish Opera.
 He also became known for his performance as Don Alvaro in "La forza del destino" at the Australian Opera and the same year sang in another "Aida" production, this time at the Michigan Opera Theatre.
 From 2013 to 2014 he performed at the Royal Opera House and as Cavaradossi at the Liceu in Barcelona.
 Later on, he returned to Royal Swedish Opera where he sang the title role in "Andrea Chenier" and then another "Radames" at the Houston Grand Opera.
 At the Opernhaus Zurich, he sang Calaf in December 2015.
"Celeste Aida" ("Heavenly Aida") is a romanza from the first act of the opera "Aida," by Giuseppe Verdi.
 It is preceded by the recitative Se quel guerrier io fossi!
.
 The aria is sung by Radamès, a young Egyptian warrior who wishes to be chosen as a Commander of the Egyptian army.
 He dreams of gaining victory on the battlefield and also of the Ethiopian slave girl, Aida, with whom he is secretly in love.
Ellen Shade is an American operatic soprano from New York.
 Her repertoire includes the Kaiserin in "Die Frau ohne Schatten", the Marschallin "Der Rosenkavalier", Chrysothemis "Elektra", Ariadne "Ariadne auf Naxos", Arabella, Katya Kabanova, Aida, Desdemona "Otello", Amelia "Un ballo in Maschera", Amelia "Simon Boccanegra", Sieglinde "Die Walkure", Elsa "Lohengrin", Elisabeth "Tannhauser", Eva "Die Meistersinger von Nurnberg".
 In Europe she has appeared at La Scala Milan, the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, the Bastille and the Chatelet in Paris and in Vienna, Salzburg Festival, Berlin, Hamburg, Frankfurt [Article Reference], Stuttgart, Amsterdam, Brussels, Geneva and Athens.
 In North America she has performed with virtually all the major opera companies, including the Metropolitan Opera New York, Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Houston, Dallas, Seattle, Santa Fe, and the Canadian Opera in Toronto.
This is a partial discography of Giuseppe Verdi's opera, "Aida".
 It was first performed at the Khedivial Opera House in Cairo on December 24, 1871.
Aleksandrs Antoņenko (born in Riga June 26, 1975) is a Latvian tenor who specializes in dramatic repertoire.
 He debuted on stage as "Prince" in "Rusalka" in 2009.
 Since then, he has performed in cities such as Baden-Baden, Berlin, Monte Carlo, and Stockholm.
 Notable appearances include a 2012 appearance in Tosca, as Cavaradossi, at La Scala.
 In the same year he was seen as Otello at the Royal Opera House in London.
 In 2013 he appeared in the role of "Radames" in "Aida" at the Zurich Opera House.
 He followed that performance by appearing as Manrico in Il Trovatore at the Berlin State Opera.
 He has also performed in "Turandot" as Calaf at La Scala.
 In 2013, he appeared in the role of "Ismaele" in Giuseppe Verdi's opera "Nabucco", conducted by Nicola Luisotti at the Teatro alla Scala, Milan as well as the Splendid Palace in Latvia.
 In 2014 he announced that he will perform at The Orchestra Hall in "Cavalleria rusticana" and "Pagliacci".
 He will also appear as the title role in the Metropolitan Opera's new production of "Otello", which will open the Met's 2015-2016 season.
 The production is notable within American opera circles due to the Met's decision to abandon their tradition of blackface for the role of Otello.
 Other future performances include "Norma" at the Bavarian State Opera, "Otello" at Barcelona's Gran Teatre del Liceu and Zürich's Opernhaus, and "Pagliacci" at the Royal Opera House in London.
Aida (] ) is an opera in four acts by Giuseppe Verdi to an Italian libretto by Antonio Ghislanzoni.
 Set in Egypt, it was commissioned by and first performed at Cairo's Khedivial Opera House on 24 December 1871; Giovanni Bottesini conducted after Verdi himself withdrew.
 Today the work holds a central place in the operatic canon, receiving performances every year around the world; at New York's Metropolitan Opera alone, "Aida" has been sung more than 1,100 times since 1886.
 Ghislanzoni's scheme follows a scenario often attributed to the French Egyptologist Auguste Mariette, but Verdi biographer Mary Jane Phillips-Matz argues that the source is actually Temistocle Solera.
Prosper-Didier Deshayes (mid 18th century – 1815) was an opera composer and dancer who lived and worked in France.
 In 1764 he was a balletmaster at the Comédie-Française.
 By 1774 he had become an assistant ("adjoint") at the Paris Opéra.
 His first opera "Le Faux serment ou La Matrone de Gonesse", a "comédie mêlée d'ariettes" in two acts, was first performed on 31 December 1785 at the Théâtre des Beaujolais in Paris and became a popular success.
 He went on to have another 18 works performed at various venues in Paris, but only two, "La faut serment" and "Zélie, ou Le mari à deux femmes", a 3-act "drame" first performed at the Salle Louvois on 29 October 1791, were ever published as musical scores.
 He also participated in the collaborative Revolutionary opera "Le congrès des rois", a 3-act "comédie mêlée d'ariettes", which combined music written by Deshayes and 11 other composers and was first performed by the Opéra-Comique at the Salle Favart on 26 February 1794.
 He died in Paris.
L'incoronazione di Poppea (SV 308, "The Coronation of Poppaea") is an Italian opera by Claudio Monteverdi, with a libretto by Giovanni Francesco Busenello, first performed at the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo in Venice during the 1643 carnival season.
 One of the first operas to use historical events and people, it describes how Poppaea, mistress of the Roman emperor Nero, is able to achieve her ambition and be crowned empress.
 The opera was revived in Naples in 1651, but was then neglected until the rediscovery of the score in 1888, after which it became the subject of scholarly attention in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Since the 1960s, the opera has been performed and recorded many times.
Émilie Gabrielle Adèle Ambre ("née" Ambroise; (1849 – April 1898) was a French opera singer who performed leading soprano roles in Europe and North America and later became a singing teacher.
 Born in French Algeria and trained at the Marseilles Conservatory, she was for several years the mistress of William III of the Netherlands.
 She had a son Robert by her next lover Gaston de Beauplan, but the relationship eventually foundered after their return from the financially disastrous 1880–1881 American tour de Beauplan had organized to showcase her talents.
 Following her retirement from the stage in 1890, Ambre opened a singing school in Paris with the composer Emile Bouichère and married him in 1894.
 As a singer, she was particularly known for her performances as Violetta, Manon, and Aida, but is primarily remembered today as the subject of Édouard Manet's portrait of her as Carmen.
Gloria Davy (March 29, 1931, Brooklyn – November 28, 2012, Geneva) was a Swiss soprano of American birth who had an active international career in operas and concerts from the 1950s through the 1980s.
 A talented spinto soprano, she was widely acclaimed for her portrayal of the title role in Giuseppe Verdi's "Aida"; a role she performed in many of the world's top opera houses.
 She was notably the first black artist to perform the role of Aida at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in 1958.
 While she performed a broad repertoire, she was particularly admired for her interpretations of 20th-century music, including the works of Richard Strauss, Benjamin Britten and Paul Hindemith.
