Charles-André "Chuck" Comeau {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 17 September 1979) is a Canadian musician and drummer, best known for being the drummer of the rock band Simple Plan.
 He also founded the apparel company Role Model Clothing along with his bandmate Pierre Bouvier and the band's best friend, Patrick Langlois.
 He is also former drummer for the punk rock band Reset from 1993 to 1999, which he quit to form Simple Plan with his Reset bandmate who also left Reset, Pierre Bouvier.
For King & Country, stylized as for KING & COUNTRY and formerly known as Joel & Luke as well as Austoville, is a Christian pop duo composed of Australian brothers Joel (born 5 June 1984) and Luke Smallbone (born 22 October 1986).
 The Nashville-based brothers' 2012 debut record "Crave", has received praise, and the brothers were declared by "Billboard" as one of the "New Artists To Watch" for 2012. "
American Songwriter" described them as "Australia's answer to Coldplay."
"I'm Just a Kid" is the debut single by the band Simple Plan, written by Pierre Bouvier.
 It appeared on their debut album "No Pads, No Helmets... Just Balls".
 It was featured in the films "Grind", "The New Guy", and "Cheaper by the Dozen".
"History" is the first single from Canadian band Story Untold.
 The members of Story Untold are from Quebec, Canada, which is also home to Simple Plan.
 Simple Plan has known the five-piece for a while, and the French Canadians teamed up to write Story Untold's newest single "History".
 The song is about how the band is going to make it big, even if it seems like a crazy idea: "You can call me crazy/But when I close my eyes/I can see it clearly/I can see the shining lights."
 The song was co-penned with Simple Plan's vocalist Pierre Bouvier and drummer Chuck Comeau.
 The song is just one of seven songs on the band's self-titled EP.
 History also has a music video where the band is a part of an underground fight club.
 It features each boy taking on a different fighter, and it subtly introduces each band member for those who have never heard of Story Untold before.
 An acoustic version of the song does appear on YouTube but is not featured on the Story Untold EP.
Damage Control is a reality TV series produced by MTV.
 Hosted by lead vocalist of Canadian music group Simple Plan Pierre Bouvier, and directed by Sebastian Doggart, the show was a real-life version of the movie "Risky Business."
 It first aired on MTV on March 6, 2005.
 The last episode was broadcast on April 24, 2005.
Pierre Charles Bouvier {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 9 May 1979) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, musician, composer and actor who is best known as the lead singer and guitarist of the rock band Simple Plan.
St Pierre is a former parish and hamlet in Monmouthshire, south east Wales, 3 mi south west of Chepstow and adjacent to the Severn estuary.
 It is now the site of a large golf and country club, the Marriott St Pierre Hotel & Country Club, which was previously a large manor house and deer park belonging to the Lewis family.
Billy Boyle is an Irish actor on British film, television and stage.
 He is a veteran of the West End stage having played leading roles in over 15 hit shows.
 In his first West End musical "Maggie May" he was nominated as best newcomer.
 Gower Champion then chose him to play Barnaby in "Hello Dolly" at The Theatre Royal Drury Lane.
 He appeared in "Canterbury Tales" at the Phoenix Theatre as The Clerk of Oxford.
 Harold Hobson, The Times critic said, "He was a breath of fresh air in the West-End".
 He then went on to play leading roles in "No Sex Please, We're British", "Billy", "What's a Nice Country", "The Rivals", "Love, Lust, & Marriage", "Some Like it Hot", Disney's "Beauty and the Beast", and in the original cast of "Dirty Dancing.
 Lately he has appeared as Grandpa George" and Grandpa Joe in Charlie and The Chocolate Factory at Drury Lane.
 In 2016 he was Major Bouvier and Norman Vincent Peale in the smash hit Grey Gardens.
 He followed this playing Arvide in Guys and Dolls at the Phoenix Theatre in the West End.He has had his own very successful television series in Ireland "It's Billy Boyle" as well as leading roles in "Trail of Guilt", the award-winning "The Grass Arena", "The Bretts", as well as many guest appearances in EastEnders, The Professionals, Coronation Street, Father Ted etc.
 In the late 1970s, Boyle was cast as 'Ronald McDonald' in the European TV commercials and in all print media for the fast food chain McDonald's.
 He was the last 'straight man' to Basil Brush on BBC1's "The Basil Brush Show" and later presented a programme, Dance Crazy for ITV, on the history of dance with Lesley Judd.
 Lately he has been seen in Dirk Gently, for BBC Four and Lead Balloon.
 His many films include Stanley Kubrick's "Barry Lyndon", "Groupie Girl", "Side by Side", "Shergar", "Wild Geese II", "The Scarlet and the Black", "Round Ireland with a Fridge" and A United Kingdom.
Pierre Lorillard III (October 20, 1796 – December 23, 1867) was the grandson of Pierre Abraham Lorillard, the founder of the P. Lorillard and Company.
 Pierre also developed Tuxedo Park, New York, one of the nation's early country clubs.
Pierre Belleque or Pierre Billique (1793–1849) was a French Canadian fur trader in the British-claimed Columbia District, which was also known as the Oregon Country and also claimed by the United States.
 He settled on the French Prairie in what is now the state of Oregon where in 1843 he participated in the Champoeg Meetings.
 Pierre was elected one of three Constables.
 He voted affirmative for the measure to form a provisional government at the May 2, 1843 meeting.
 That measure passed and led to the creation of the Provisional Government of Oregon.
