Team Outer Banks is the first team registered from North Carolina to complete the Worrell 1000 sailboat race from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida to Virginia Beach, Virginia.
 Team Outer Banks competed and completed the event four years in a row from 1999 through 2002.
The Outer Banks are the barrier islands along the east coast of North Carolina, that are extremely sensitive to environmental hazards, particularly hurricanes.
 This article is about how people of the Outer Banks prepare for natural disasters.
Pigman's Bar-B-Que is an Outer Banks landmark as well as a premiere BBQ restaurant on the Outer Banks of North Carolina.
 It started as a small ham shop on the Outer Banks in the late 1980s, and has since gone on to win multiple awards like "Best on the Beach."
 It has been featured in such publications as "Southern Living" magazine and "The Coast".
 According to the jingle it is on the "9 & 1/2 mile post."
The Park’s Finest is a Filipino American inspired Southern BBQ restaurant in Echo Park, Los Angeles which started as a small catering company in 2009.
 The founders of the restaurant, Johneric Concordia, Christine Araquel-Concordia, Mike Pajimula, Ann Pajimula and Oscar Bautista, are Echo Park locals and long time friends who grew up in the neighborhood around Historic Filipinotown, Los Angeles.
 With assistance from an Asian Pacific Islander small business program and strong support from the surrounding community, The Park's Finest officially become a restaurant in 2012.
The Outer Banks (OBX) is a 200 mi string of barrier islands and spits off the coast of North Carolina and southeastern Virginia, on the east coast of the United States.
 They cover most of the North Carolina coastline, separating the Currituck Sound, Albemarle Sound, and Pamlico Sound from the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Outer Banks are a major tourist destination and are known around the world for their subtropical climate and wide expanse of open beachfront.
 The Cape Hatteras National Seashore has four campgrounds open to visitors.
 The treacherous seas off the Outer Banks and the large number of shipwrecks that have occurred there have given these seas the nickname Graveyard of the Atlantic.
 The Graveyard of the Atlantic Museum is located in Hatteras Village near a United States Coast Guard facility and the Hatteras ferry.
Mounted Boy Scout Troop 290 of Ocracoke, North Carolina, is the only mounted troop in the history of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA).
 The troop was founded by United States Army Lieutenant Colonel Marvin Howard in 1954 and was active for about 10 years.
 They rode the feral Banker horses of North Carolina's Outer Banks.
 These horses were descended from horses that had either survived shipwrecks or early explorations from the 1500s–1700s along the Outer Banks.
 Though the ponies roamed free, they were considered livestock.
 In 1953, when the Cape Hatteras National Seashore was created, the Park Service banned free roaming livestock on the island.
 Efforts have been made to preserve the horses and improve their bloodline.
Andy Nelson's Barbecue is a BBQ restaurant in Cockeysville, Maryland.
 Founded by former Baltimore Colts safety and Super Bowl winner Andy Nelson, it is known for its hickory smoked BBQ.
 The restaurant regularly wins "Baltimore's Best BBQ" by "Baltimore Magazine" and the "City Paper".
Whalebone Junction is an area within Nags Head, North Carolina where three major highways converge.
 The junction marks the eastern terminus of both U.S. 64 and U.S. Route 158, while NC 12 traverses the junction from north to south.
 The junction is a major landmark on the Outer Banks, as U.S. 64 and U.S. 158 provide the only highway links to the mainland, while NC 12 is the main road linking all of the Outer Banks.
 North of Whalebone Junction lies the main commercial district of Nags Head as well as the communities of Kill Devil Hills and Kitty Hawk.
 South of Whalebone Junction begins the Cape Hatteras National Seashore and the Pea Island National Wildlife Refuge.
 Whalebone Junction Information Station, immediately south of the junction itself, serves as the visitor center to the Cape Hatteras National Seashore and provides information on the National Park and local attractions.
Pine Island Airport (IATA: DUF) is a privately owned airport, located in the town of Corolla, North Carolina, owned by Turnpike Properties.
 The FAA ID is 7NC2 and IATA code DUF.
 The airport has one 3,450 ft. runway, designated runway 17/35.
 As of March 10, 2017, the airport is operational with restrictions Contact Airport Manager, Outer Banks Airlines for use The airport is served by Outer Banks Airlines, some vetted charter operations and some vetted private aircraft.
North Carolina Highway 12 (NC 12) is a state highway that traverses the northeastern coastline of North Carolina, linking the peninsulas and islands of the northern Outer Banks.
 Most sections of NC 12 are two lanes wide, and there are also two ferry routes which maintain continuity of the route as it traverses the Outer Banks region.
 NC 12 is part of the Outer Banks Scenic Byway, a National Scenic Byway.
 The first NC 12 appeared on the 1924 North Carolina Official Map and at its height ran from NC 30 in Pollocksville to NC 48 near Murfreesboro.
 Over time it was replaced by both US 258 and NC 58 and ceased to exist in 1958.
 The current NC 12 first appeared on the 1964 state highway map running from US 158 in Nags Head to Ocracoke.
 In 1976 NC 12 was extended to US 70 on the mainland and in 1987 was extended north to Corolla.
