The Jeep Liberty (KK), or Jeep Cherokee (KK) outside North America, is a compact SUV that was produced by Jeep.
 Introduced for the 2008 model year as a successor for the first generation Liberty.
 The Liberty featured unibody-construction.
 It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States, as well as in other countries including Egypt and Venezuela.
 In 2010 estimates by Jeep were that 70% of Liberty buyers were new to the marque.
 The second generation Liberty ceased production on August 16, 2012.
 For its followup, the name of Liberty was retired; the next generation restored the name of "Cherokee".
 The model remains on sale in Venezuela as of early 2016 having yet to be replaced by FCA Venezuela with the KL model Cherokee.
The Jeep Liberty, or Jeep Cherokee (KJ/KK) outside North America, is a compact SUV that was produced by Jeep for the model years 2002–2012.
 Introduced as a replacement for the Cherokee (XJ), the Liberty was priced between the Wrangler and Grand Cherokee.
 It was the smallest of the 4-door Jeep SUVs until the car based 4-door Compass and Patriot arrived for 2007.
 The Liberty featured unibody-construction.
 It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States, as well as in other countries including Egypt and Venezuela.
 The Liberty ceased production on August 16, 2012.
 The next generation restored the previous nameplate of Jeep Cherokee that was always used outside of North America.
The Jeep Cherokee (KL) is a mid-size crossover SUV produced by Jeep.
 It was introduced for the 2014 model year at the 2013 New York International Auto Show and the sales started in November 2013.
 The Cherokee is the first Jeep vehicle to be built on the Fiat Compact/Compact U.S. Wide platform, co-developed by Chrysler and Fiat.
 The Jeep Cherokee is built at Belvidere Assembly Plant in Belvidere, Illinois.
Richard A. (Dick) Teague (December 26, 1923 – May 5, 1991), born in Los Angeles, California, was an American industrial designer in the North American automotive industry.
 He held automotive design positions at General Motors, Packard, and Chrysler before becoming Vice President of Design for American Motors Corporation (AMC), and designed several notable show cars and production vehicles including AMC's Pacer, Gremlin and Hornet models, as well as the Jeep Cherokee XJ and even had a hand in designing/assisted in the designing of later cars for Chrysler after American Motor's buyout such as the Jeep Grand Cherokee and Neon.
The Jeep Grand Cherokee (ZJ) is the first generation of the Jeep Grand Cherokee sport utility vehicle.
 Introduced in 1992 for the 1993 model year, development of the ZJ Grand Cherokee started under American Motors and continued after their acquisition by Chrysler in 1987.
 It originally came in three trim levels: base, Laredo, and Limited.
 The base model included features such as full instrumentation, cloth interior, a standard five-speed manual transmission, and was given the "SE" name for the 1994 model year.
 Power windows and locks were not standard equipment on the base and SE, although they were finally included in 1995.
 The minimal difference in price resulted in low consumer demand, so the low-line model was eventually discontinued.
 Additional standard features included a driver-side air bag and four-wheel anti-lock braking system (ABS).
 The Laredo was the mid-scale model with standard features that included power windows, power door locks, and cruise control.
 Exterior features included medium-grey plastic paneling on the lower body and five-spoke aluminum wheels.
 The Limited was the premium model, featuring lower body paneling that was the same color as the rest of the vehicle.
 The Limited also had standard features such as leather seating, power sunroof, heated mirrors, heated power seats, and a keyless entry system.
 The "Up-Country" version was also offered between 1993 and 1997, often painted "Champagne Pearl" or black.
 It came with 4WD and a 4.0 straight-6.
 Package groups with the various trim levels included: Convenience, Fog Lamp / Skid Plate, Lighting, Luxury, Power, Security, Trailer/Towing.
The fourth-generation Jeep Grand Cherokee (WK2) is a mid-size luxury SUV introduced in Spring 2010 for the 2011 model year by Jeep.
 It was unveiled at the 2009 New York Auto Show.
 The fourth-generation Grand Cherokee retains its classic Jeep styling combined with a modern and sleek body style.
 The interior is luxurious, featuring leather trim and real wood accents, plus state-of-the-art electronics options.
 The 2011 Grand Cherokee has won 30 awards for off-road capability, luxury, value, best-in-class, and safety, making it the most awarded SUV ever.
 Among the awards are: Top Safety Pick for 2011 from the IIHS, listed as a "Consumers Digest" Best Buy for 2011, Safest SUV in America by MSN Autos, and Truck of the Year for 2011 by "The Detroit News".
The Jeep Cherokee (XJ) is a sport utility vehicle that was manufactured and marketed by Jeep from 1983 to 2001.
 Sharing the name of the original full-size SJ model, but without a traditional body-on-frame chassis, the XJ instead featured a light-weight unibody design, The models were originally marketed as Sportwagons and became the precursor to the modern sport utility vehicle (SUV) as that term was not yet in use.
The Jeep Liberty (KJ), or Jeep Cherokee (KJ) outside North America, is a compact SUV that was produced by Jeep and designed by Bob Boniface through early 1998.
 Introduced in May 2001 for the 2002 model year as a replacement for the Cherokee (XJ), the Liberty was priced between the Wrangler and Grand Cherokee.
 It was the smallest of the 4-door Jeep SUVs up until the car platform based 4-door Compass and Patriot arrived for 2007.
 The Liberty featured unibody-construction.
 It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States, as well as in other countries including Egypt and Venezuela.
The Jeep Cherokee is a line of vehicles sold by Jeep under various vehicle classes.
 Originally sold as a variant of the popular Jeep Wagoneer, the Cherokee has evolved from a full-size SUV to one of the first compact SUVs and eventually into its current incarnation as a crossover SUV.
 The nameplate has been in continuous use in some form since 1974 and also spawned Jeep's most successful vehicle, the Jeep Grand Cherokee, which was originally slated to be part of the Cherokee's lineup.
 The vehicle is named after the Cherokee tribe of Native Americans.
The SJ series Jeep Cherokee is a full-size SUV that was produced from 1974 through 1983 by Jeep.
 It was based on the Wagoneer that was originally designed by Brooks Stevens in 1963.
