The Granville Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic Granville Village area in eastern Granville, Massachusetts.
 The area was developed in the 19th century as an industrial village, centered on the drum factory of Noble & Cooley on Dickinson Brook.
 The predominantly residential district includes a number of Greek Revival houses; it also includes the Colonial Revival public library building (built 1902).
 It is located roughly in the area around the junction of Maple St. and Main and Granby Rds., including part of Water Street.
 The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Dolington Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Dolington, Upper Makefield Township and Lower Makefield Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
 The district includes 64 contributing buildings, 2 contributing sites, and 4 contributing structures in the crossroads village of Dolington.
 The largely rural residential district includes representative buildings of the vernacular Federal and Gothic styles.
 The buildings were mostly built between 1800 and 1875.
 Notable buildings include the John L. Cox House (c. 1887), Joseph Moon House, Balderson House, John Harris House (1803), William Thornton House (c. 1803), John B. Alcutt House (c. 1845), Dolington Schoolhouse (1860), .
 The district also includes the ruins of the Canby / Davis Blacksmith Shop (c. 1790).
The Shelbyville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the core of Shelbyville, Illinois.
 The district includes 398 buildings, 293 of which are contributing buildings.
 The section of Shelbyville laid out at the city's founding in 1827 forms the center of the district.
 Shelbyville's public square, which includes the 1880 Shelby County Courthouse and a veterans' memorial, is the central feature of this part of the historic district.
 The original section of Shelbyville also includes significant commercial and government buildings.
 The district also includes Shelbyville's oldest residential areas, which developed out from the 1827 core.
 The Italianate style is the most prominent architectural style in the district, both in homes and commercial buildings; other common architectural styles include Greek Revival, Gothic Revival, Second Empire, and Queen Anne.
The Fruita Rural Historic District in Capitol Reef National Park comprises a former Mormon agricultural settlement that was active from 1895 to 1947.
 It includes what remains of the town of Fruita.
 The Leo R. Holt House, oldest in Fruita, was built in 1895 and the Fruita schoolhouse in 1896.
 Along with other scattered structures from the original settlement, the district also includes the 1940 ranger station, built for what was then Capitol Reef National Monument in the National Park Service Rustic style and constructed by the Civilian Conservation Corps.
 Later development included the Mission 66 park visitor center.
North Boone Community Unit School District 200 is a unified school district based in the central region of the county of its namesake, Boone County; more specifically, in the village of Poplar Grove, Illinois.
 Five of the six schools in the district are located here, with the other being eastwards in the village of Capron.
 The community unit school district is composed of, as previously mentioned, six schools: there are three elementary schools, two middle schools, and one high school.
 Manchester Elementary School, which serves the grades K-4 alongside Poplar Grove Elementary School, is governed by Principal Kristi Crawford; the principal of Poplar Grove Elementary School is Sharon Olds.
 Capron Elementary School, the only school in the district located in a village other than Poplar Grove, serves not only the grades K-4, but also includes a prekindergarten program.
 The current principal is Matt Klett.
 All students who graduate from one of the district elementary schools will consolidate at the fifth grade in one school, called North Boone Upper Elementary School, whose principal is Mike Greenlee;all students move on to North Boone Middle School, headed by Jeremiah Auble, which educates those in grades seven and eight.
 The last leg of education this district can provide is to those from grade nine to grade twelve; the facility is called North Boone High School, whose principal is named Jacob Hubert.
 The current superintendent is Steven Baule.
 The mascot of the district high school is the Viking.
The Atlin District, also known as the Atlin Country, is a historical region located in the far northwestern corner of the Canadian province of British Columbia, centred on Atlin Lake and the gold-rush capital of the region, the town of Atlin.
 The term "Atlin District" was also used synonymously with the official administrative area named the Atlin Mining District, established during the gold-mining heyday contemporaneous with the Klondike Gold Rush.
 The region also includes adjoining Teslin and Tagish Lakes and the Bennett Lake area in the narrow strip of BC separating the Alaska Panhandle from the Yukon Territory.
 The Atlin District is currently part of the Stikine District in the regional district system (although it is not a regional district).
 The communities of the Atlin lakes district, as the area is casually called, are referred to in national weather reports as "the Southern Lakes", as in "Whitehorse and the Southern Lakes", although this also includes towns on the Yukon end of the lakes.
New Marlborough Village is a historic district encompassing the heart of the oldest village in New Marlborough, Massachusetts.
 It includes properties on MA 57, New Marlborough, Monterey and Southfield Roads.
 New Marlborough was settled in 1740 by Benjamin Wheeler, who built a house in what is now the village center area that still stands.
 The village center grew nearby his house, and now includes a village green, church, and a number of 18th and 19th century houses.
 The district also includes some industrial remains, including those of an 1830s foundry, and a historic tavern building that dates to the 18th century.
The Phillipsdale Historic District encompasses a historic mill village along the Seekonk River in East Providence, Rhode Island.
 The village grew up around the Richmond Paper Company Mill Complex, built 1883-1887, which is separately listed on the National Register.
 It also includes 75 units of worker housing, as well as five houses (the oldest of which dates to c. 1750) that predate the mill complex's construction.
 The Phillipsdale area was the largest source of employment in East Providence between 1893 and 1910.
 The district is centered on Roger Williams Avenue and Bourne Avenue, and includes properties on Ruth Avenue and the grid of roads between Ruth and Roger Williams.
 It also includes Omega Pond (the historic mill pond).
Benicia Capitol State Historic Park is a state park in Benicia, California.
 The park is dedicated to California’s third capitol building, where the California State Legislature convened from February 3, 1853 to February 24, 1854, when they voted to move the state capital to Sacramento.
 It is the only pre-Sacramento capitol that survives.
 The park includes the Fischer-Hanlon House, an early Benicia building that was moved to the property and converted into a home in 1858, after the legislature departed.
 Benicia Capitol State Historic Park just off the city's main street also includes a carriage house, workers' quarters and sculptured gardens.
Granby Mill Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Columbia, South Carolina.
 The district encompasses 97 contributing buildings associated with a cotton mill and associated mill village.
 The mill was initially constructed in 1896-1897, and is a large four-story, rectangular brick building in the Romanesque Revival style.
 It features two projecting five-story entrance towers.
 The Granby Mill Village includes a number of “saltbox” style dwellings reminiscent of a New England mill village.
 The district also includes the mill gatehouse, the two-story mill office building (c. 1902), commercial buildings, the Gothic Revival style Whaley Street Methodist Church, and operatives’ houses.
