What's So Amazing About Grace?
 is a 1997 book by Philip Yancey, an American journalist and editor-at-large for "Christianity Today".
 The book examines grace in Christianity, contending that people crave grace and that it is central to the gospel, but that many local churches ignore grace and instead seek to exterminate immorality.
 "What's So Amazing About Grace?"
 includes Bible stories, anecdotes from Yancey's life, accounts of historical events and other stories.
 These include a modern retelling of the Parable of the Prodigal Son, an account of Yancey's friendship with Mel White who came out as homosexual, a comparison of the teachings of early Christians Pelagius and Augustine of Hippo, and a summary of Karen Blixen's short story "Babette's Feast".
Stenberg is a surname that was the 11,945th most common last name in the United States as of the 2000 census.
 One origin nationality for the surname is Swedish, though it was not uncommon for Swedish immigrants to the United States to change this surname to Stoneberg.
 According to the "Dictionary of American Family Names", this is a Swedish ornamental surname meaning "stone mountain" (or "stone hill" in Danish or Norwegian).
Eloy Urroz is a Mexican writer and Professor of Spanish and Latin American Literature at The Citadel in South Carolina.
 Though born in New York, Urroz grew up in Mexico City and is of Mexican nationality.
 He is one of the founding members of the Crack Movement, along with such writers as Ignacio Padilla and Jorge Volpi.
 Urroz has written eight novels, four books on literary criticism, four books of poetry, three political reportages and dozens of essays, articles, and reviews on Latin American and Peninsular Culture and Literature.
 Some of his novels have been translated into English, French, Italian, Portuguese, and German.
 In the United States, his novels are published by Dalkey Archive Press.
The History of Rock is a compilation album released by Kid Rock in 2000, as the unofficial follow up to "Devil Without a Cause".
 After acquiring the rights to his indie-label recordings, Rock decided to release a compilation of older material.
 The album contains material from the albums "The Polyfuze Method" and "Early Mornin' Stoned Pimp".
 The liner notes state that Rock re-recorded the songs from "Polyfuze" because he could not find the master recordings, and "remixed and touched up" the "EMSP" tracks to show how they would have sounded if Rock had the money to record them properly at the time.
 There are also three previously unreleased songs from those album sessions ("Born 2 B A Hick" from the "Polyfuze" sessions in 1992, "Dark and Grey" and "Abortion" from the "EMSP" sessions in 1994).
 The only new tracks were "American Bad Ass", which was the first single from the album, and "Fuck That", which had been used previously for the "Any Given Sunday" soundtrack.
 "Fuck U Blind" was re-written from the original version and was more funk than the original rap metal version.
 Foreshadowing his move out of hip hop, he remade both "Prodigal Son" and "My Oedipus Complex" as southern rock songs.
 Even though they were recorded in 1992, "Born 2 B A Hick" was a rockabilly song and "Abortion" was a dark blues ballad.
Ezekiel 16 is the sixteenth chapter of the Book of Ezekiel in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible.
 This book contains the prophecies spoken by the prophet Ezekiel, and is a part of the Books of the Prophets.
 Clements calls this chapter "an Old Testament parable of the prodigal daughter", describing a shocking illustration eof ungrateful Jerusalem in contrast to God's enduring love to her.
 This chapter is often linked to Ezekiel 23 which deals with two daughters, symbolizing the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah.
Michèle Brigitte Roberts (born 20 May 1949) is a British writer, novelist and poet.
 She is the daughter of a French Catholic teacher mother (Monique Caulle) and English Protestant father (Reginald Roberts), and has dual UK–France nationality.
The Prodigal Judge is a novel written by American novelist Vaughan Kester and published in 1911.
Lawrence Holofcener (February 23, 1926 – March 4, 2017) was an American-British sculptor, poet, lyricist, playwright, novelist, actor and director.
 He held dual British and American nationality.
 As a singer and songwriter he was better known as Larry Holofcener.
 He died in March 2017 at the age of 91.
.
 As a tribute to his transatlantic love affair with England, his obituary was printed in UK's "The Daily Telegraph".
The Prodigal Daughter is a novel by Jeffrey Archer, published in 1982.
 It is the story of Florentyna Kane, the daughter of Abel Rosnovski of Archer's "Kane and Abel".
 The novel, one of Archer's best sellers, portrays Florentyna's life from early childhood to her final ascension to the position of President of United States.
 In this way, President Kane becomes the first female U.S. president.
"Prodigal Daughter" is the 161st episode of the television series "", the 11th episode of the .
