Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed is a 2008 documentary film directed by Nathan Frankowski and starring Ben Stein.
 The film contends that the mainstream science establishment suppresses academics who believe they see evidence of intelligent design (ID) in nature and who criticize evidence supporting Darwinian evolution and the modern evolutionary synthesis as part of a "scientific conspiracy to keep God out of the nation's laboratories and classrooms."
 The scientific theory of evolution is portrayed by the film as contributing to communism, fascism, atheism, eugenics and, in particular, Nazi atrocities in the Holocaust.
 The film portrays intelligent design as motivated by science, rather than religion, though it does not give a detailed definition of the phrase or attempt to explain it on a scientific level.
 Other than briefly addressing issues of irreducible complexity, "Expelled" examines it as a political issue.
I Love the '90s: Part Deux is a docu-miniseries on VH1 about 1990s culture.
 It premiered on January 17, 2005 with 10 episodes.
 This series is a sequel to "I Love the '90s" and the title is a reference to the 1993 comedy, "Hot Shots!
 Part Deux".
 It was presented by Emma Bunton, Ben Stein, Jay and Silent Bob, Russ Leatherman, Andrea Zuckerman, A. Jay Popoff and Jeremy Popoff.
Richie Rich (sometimes stylized as "Ri¢hie Ri¢h") is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Donald Petrie, based on the Harvey Comics cartoon character of the same name created by Alfred Harvey and Warren Kremer.
 The film stars Macaulay Culkin, John Larroquette, Edward Herrmann, Jonathan Hyde, and Christine Ebersole while Reggie Jackson, Claudia Schiffer, and Ben Stein appear in cameo roles.
 Culkin's younger brother, Rory Culkin, played the part of young Richie.
 While in theaters, the film was shown with a Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner cartoon called "Chariots of Fur".
Ivan Kamaras (born 22 December 1972) is a Hungarian actor who became first known worldwide for his role as Agent Steel in the 2008 superhero fantasy thriller "", directed by Guillermo del Toro.
 In January 2011, he played a Hungarian detective, Tibor Orban, in "Bloodlines", the fourth episode in the 14th series of the BBC crime drama "Silent Witness".
 In 2014 he played the role of Rasputin in the two-part History Channel miniseries Houdini.
 He lives in Santa Monica, California.
Me and the Kid is a 1993 comedy-drama film directed by Dan Curtis.
 It stars Danny Aiello, Alex Zuckerman, Joe Pantoliano, Cathy Moriarty, David Dukes, Anita Morris, Ben Stein, Demond Wilson and Abe Vigoda.
Super Noypi is a 2006 Filipino action superhero fantasy film released on December 25, 2006 and was directed by Quark Henares and produced by Regal Films.
 It was an official entry to the 32nd Metro Manila Film Festival.
The Mask is a 1994 American superhero fantasy comedy film directed by Charles Russell, produced by Bob Engelman, and written by Mike Werb, based on the comic series of the same name distributed by Dark Horse Comics.
 The film stars Jim Carrey, Peter Greene, Amy Yasbeck, Peter Riegert, Richard Jeni, Ben Stein, Joely Fisher, and Cameron Diaz in her film debut.
 It revolves around an unlucky bank clerk finding a mask that grants the wearer cartoon-like superpowers.
My Super D is a 2016 Philippine superhero fantasy drama television series directed by Frasco Mortiz and Lino Cayetano, starring Dominic Ochoa, Marco Masa and Bianca Manalo.
 The series premiered on ABS-CBN's "Primetime Bida" evening block and worldwide on The Filipino Channel on April 18, 2016 to July 15, 2016, replacing "Game ng Bayan".
 This is Dominic Ochoa's very first lead role after playing supporting roles in numerous teleseryes .
My Super D is a 2016 Philippine superhero fantasy drama television series directed by Frasco Mortiz and Lino Cayetano, starring Dominic Ochoa in his first leading role, together with Marco Masa and Bianca Manalo.
 The series was aired on ABS-CBN's "Primetime Bida" evening block and worldwide on The Filipino Channel from April 18, 2016 to July 15, 2016, replacing "Game ng Bayan".
Soapdish is a 1991 American comedy film which tells a backstage story of the cast and crew of a popular fictional television soap opera.
 It stars Sally Field as a mature soap star, joined by Kevin Kline, Robert Downey, Jr., Elisabeth Shue, Whoopi Goldberg, Teri Hatcher, Cathy Moriarty, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy, and Carrie Fisher, as well as cameo appearances by TV personalities like Leeza Gibbons, John Tesh (both playing themselves as "Entertainment Tonight" hosts/reporters), real-life soap opera actors Stephen Nichols and Finola Hughes, and Ben Stein.
 Kline was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for the film.
