Regional Rural Banks are local level banking organizations operating in different States of India.
 They have been created with a view to serve primarily the rural areas of India with basic banking and financial services.
 However, RRBs may have branches set up for urban operations and their area of operation may include urban areas too.
The Financial Services Roundtable (FSR) is an American financial services lobbying and advocacy organization, located in Washington, D.C..
 FSR was formerly called the Bankers Roundtable, but was renamed in 2000 to reflect the widening membership of the organization beyond bank holding companies.
 FSR "represents 100 of the largest integrated financial services companies which provide banking, insurance and investment products and services to American consumers."
 The members of FSR are the CEOs of the 100 largest financial services companies with additional C-Suite level executive representatives from each company.
 The current President and CEO of the Financial Services Roundtable is Tim Pawlenty, a former governor of Minnesota.
ISO/TC 68 is a technical committee formed within the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), of Geneva, Switzerland, tasked with developing and maintaining international standards covering the areas of banking, securities, and other financial services.
 As the standards organization under ISO responsible for the development of all international financial services standards, ISO/TC 68 plays a key role in the development and adoption of new technologies in the banking, brokerage and insurance industries.
 Many of its current work projects involve developing ecommerce standards such as better online security for financial transactions, XML standards for financial transactions and standards to reduce the cost and delays of international financial transactions.
 The membership of ISO/TC 68, consists of more than 30 organizations assigned by participating national standards bodies plus additional international standards development organizations that work collaboratively toward global financial services standards development.
ICICI Bank, stands for Industrial Credit and Investment Corporation of India, is an Indian multinational banking and financial services company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, with its registered office in Vadodara.
 In 2014, it was the second largest bank in India in terms of assets and third in term of market capitalisation.
 It offers a wide range of banking products and financial services for corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels and specialised subsidiaries in the areas of investment banking, life, non-life insurance, venture capital and asset management.
 The bank has a network of 4,850 branches and 14,404 ATMs in India, and has a presence in 19 countries including India.
Standard Chartered Korea (officially Standard Chartered Bank Korea Limited, formerly SC First Bank, Hangul: SC제일은행) is a banking and financial services company headquartered in Seoul, South Korea and a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered.
 It was created by the acquisition of the former Korea First Bank by Standard Chartered in 2005.
Wizzit International is a provider of basic banking services for the unbanked and underbanked (people or enterprises that have no or only limited access to banking services) in South Africa.
 Its services are based on the use of mobile phones for accessing bank accounts and conducting transactions, in addition to a Maestro debit card that is issued to all customers upon registration.
 Wizzit is a branchless banking business, meaning that its services are designed so that customers can generally conduct transactions without the need to visit bank branches.
Johnson Financial Group, Inc is the holding company of Johnson Bank, Johnson Insurance, as well as Swiss banking company; Banque Franck, Galland & Cie. It has an estimated AUM of $4 billion and is the financial services subsidiary of the larger Johnson Family Enterprises Group of Companies.
 The company was founded in 1970 but wasn't incorporated until 1989 and has grown from a single bank holding company to a global organization providing a full range of financial services to businesses and individuals.
 Johnson Financial Group employs 1100 people and has over 40 locations in Wisconsin and Arizona.
 Helen Johnson-Leipold, one of Samuel Curtis Johnson Jr.'s 4 children, serves as chairman of the company.
 The company also had equity in Cayman Island-based TransOcean Bank & Trust, Ltd.
Queen City Development Bank, also known as Queenbank, is a Philippines private development bank based in Iloilo City.
 Founded in 1981, it has branches operating in key cities all over the country, offering financial services to both companies and individual investors.
 Its services include deposit in investment banking, corporate and retail financing, dollar deposits and other basic banking products.
yA Bank is a Norwegian bank offering basic banking and financial services to personal customers.
The RRB were established in India under RRB Act 1976[23(1)].
 There are total 56 Gramin (RRB's) banks in India.
 Maharashtra Gramin Bank is one of them.
 Maharashtra Gramin Bank is a Regional Rural Bank, in the State of Maharashtra, India.
 Govt of India vide its notification dated 25 March 2008 amalgamated the two RRBs i.e. Aurangabad Jalna Gramin Bank & Thane Gramin Bank into a single RRB named Maharashtra Godavari Gramin Bank.
 As per notification issued by Government of India, Ministry of Finance, Department of Financial Services ref no F.No 1/4/2006-RRB(II) dated 20 July 2009, Maharashtra Gramin Bank came into existence on 20 July 2009 after amalgamation of erstwhile "Maharashtra Godavari Gramin Bank" and "Marathawada Gramin Bank".
 As per Government of India, Ministry of Finance order No.
 F1/4/2012-RRB, dated 17 July 2014.
 The bank's head office is in Aurangabad.
 The bank is sponsored by Bank of Maharashtra.
 The share capital of the bank is contributed by Government of India.
