Roy Harper is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
 Roy is one of DC's most longstanding characters, originating in 1940s comics as Speedy, the teen sidekick of the superhero Green Arrow.
 Like his mentor Green Arrow, Roy is a world-class archer and athlete who uses his exceptional marksmanship to fight crime.
 Along with other prominent DC Comics superhero sidekicks, he goes on to become a core member of the superhero group the Teen Titans.
 As an adult, Roy casts off his Speedy identity to establish himself as the superhero Arsenal, and for a time adopts the name Red Arrow to symbolise his having become an equal of Green Arrow.
 As well as continuing to serve as one of the Titans at various times, Roy has had leading roles in the superhero groups the Seven Soldiers of Victory, the Outsiders, the Justice League, and the Outlaws.
Tara Strong (born Tara Lyn Charendoff; February 12, 1973) is a Canadian–American actress who has done voice work for numerous animations and video games and performed in various live-action productions.
 Many of her major voice roles include animated series such as "Rugrats", "The Powerpuff Girls", "The Fairly OddParents", "Drawn Together", "Teen Titans" and the spin-off series "Teen Titans Go!
", and "", as well as video games such as "Mortal Kombat X", "Final Fantasy X-2", and the "" series.
 Her portrayals have garnered nominations in the Annie Awards and Daytime Emmys, and an award from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.
Teen Titans Go!
 is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the "Teen Titans".
 The series was announced following the popularity of DC Nation's New Teen Titans shorts.
"Teen Titans" is an American animated television series based on the DC comics series of the same name by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani.
 Developed by David Slack for Cartoon Network, the series was produced by DC Entertainment and Warner Bros.
 Animation with Sander Schwartz serving as executive producer and Glen Murakami, Bruce Timm, and Linda M. Steiner signing on as producers.
 The series follows the adventures of a team of crime-fighting teenaged superheroes, consisting of the leader Robin (voiced by Scott Menville), foreign alien princess Starfire (voiced by Hynden Walch), the technological genius Cyborg (voiced by Khary Payton), the dark sorceress Raven (voiced by Tara Strong), and the green shapeshifter Beast Boy (voiced by Greg Cipes).
The first season of the animated television series Teen Titans, based on the DC comics series created by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani, originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
 Developed by television writer David Slack, the series was produced by DC Entertainment and Warner Bros.
 Animation.
 It stars Scott Menville, Hynden Walch, Khary Payton, Tara Strong, and Greg Cipes as the voices of the main characters.
"Teen Titans Go!
" is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the "Teen Titans".
 The series was announced following the popularity of DC Nation's New Teen Titans shorts, both of which are based on the 2003 "Teen Titans" TV series.
 "Teen Titans Go!"
 is a more comedic take on the DC Comics franchise, dealing with situations that happen every day.
 Sporting a new animation style, "Teen Titans Go!"
 serves as a comedic spin-off with no continuity to the previous series, and only certain elements are retained.
 Many DC characters make cameo appearances and are referenced in the background.
 The original principal voice cast returns to reprise their respective roles.
The Teen Titans, also known as the New Teen Titans and the Titans, are a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, often in an eponymous monthly series.
 As the group's name suggests, its members are teenage superheroes, many of whom have acted as sidekicks to DC's premiere superheroes in the Justice League.
 First appearing in 1964 in "The Brave and the Bold" #54, the team was founded by Kid Flash (Wally West), Robin (Dick Grayson), and Aqualad (Garth), with the team adopting the name Teen Titans in issue 60 following the addition of Wonder Girl (Donna Troy) to its ranks.
Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo is a 2006 television animated superhero film adaptation of the DC Comics superhero team Teen Titans.
 It is set in the milieu of the animated series "Teen Titans" that ran from 2003–2006.
 The film premiered on Cartoon Network on September 15, 2006 and on Kids' WB on September 16, 2006. "
Teen Titans" head writer David Slack returned for this movie.
The fourth season of the animated television series "Teen Titans", based on the DC comics series of the same time by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani, originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
 Developed by television writer David Slack, the series was produced by DC Entertainment and Warner Bros.
 Animation.
 It stars Scott Menville, Hynden Walch, Khary Payton, Tara Strong, and Greg Cipes as the main characters.
Tara Strong (born Tara Lyn Charendoff; February 12, 1973) is a Canadian–American actress who has done voice work for numerous animations and video games and performed in various live-action productions.
 Many of her major voice roles include animated series such as "Rugrats", "The Powerpuff Girls", "The Fairly OddParents", "Drawn Together", "Teen Titans" and the spin-off series "Teen Titans Go!
", and "", as well as video games such as "Mortal Kombat X", "Final Fantasy X-2", and the "" series.
 Her portrayals have garnered nominations in the Annie Awards and Daytime Emmys, and an award from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.
