Brampton is a civil parish in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria, England.
 It contains 84 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England.
 Of these, four are listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, four are at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade.
 The parish contains the town of Brampton, the village of Milton, and the surrounding countryside.
 The largest building in the parish is Naworth Castle; this and associated structures are listed.
 Being near the Scottish border, many of the buildings were fortified, and some bastle houses (fortified farmhouses) have survived, usually much altered.
 Most of the listed buildings are in or near the centre of the town of Brampton, and include houses, shops, public houses, hotels, offices and banks, a police station, a church, and the moot hall.
 In the countryside there are listed farmhouses and farm buildings.
 The other listed buildings include milestones provided for the turnpikes in the parish, bridges, monuments, and a shelter.
Castle Bytham is a village and civil parish of around 300 houses in South Kesteven, Lincolnshire, England.
 The population was measured at 768 in 317 households at the 2011 census.
Castle Ashby is the name of a civil parish, an estate village and an English country house in rural Northamptonshire.
 Historically the village was set up to service the needs of Castle Ashby House, the seat of the Marquess of Northampton.
 The village has one small pub-hotel, The Falcon.
 At the time of the 2011 census, the parish's population (including Chadstone) was 111 people.
 The village contains many houses rebuilt from the 1860s onwards.
 These include work by the architect E.F. Law of Northampton, whose work can also be seen nearby at Horton Church.
 The castle is the result of a licence obtained in 1306, for Walter Langton, Bishop of Coventry, to castellate his mansion in the village of Ashby.
Grendon is a small village and civil parish in rural Northamptonshire, England on the borders of Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire.
 Many houses are made of the local limestone and various older thatched houses still survive.
 The name of the village means "green hill" and today the village remains centred on the hill.
 As with Earls Barton, the village was owned by Judith, the niece of William the Conqueror.
Senhora da Hora (] ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Matosinhos in the Greater Porto area, Portugal.
 In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish São Mamede de Infesta e Senhora da Hora.
 It was promoted from town ("vila") to city ("cidade") status on 12 June 2009.
 It lies just north of the Porto city limits and is densely populated.
 It is a major suburban habitational area with many houses and some commerce.
Little Bytham is a village and civil parish in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England.
 The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 384.
 It lies on the B1176 road, 4 mi south from Corby Glen and 6 mi north from Stamford .
The Goose Creek Historic District is a rural landscape in the Goose Creek valley of Loudoun County, Virginia.
 The district covers about 10000 acre south of Hamilton and Purcellville and includes the village of Lincoln.
 The majority of the district is farmland, with areas of forest along Hogback Mountain.
 The area was settled by Quakers in the mid-18th century, represented by simple houses and the Goose Creek Meetinghouse Complex in Lincoln, separately listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 About 270 buildings lie within the district.
 The district includes 44 stone buildings, reflecting the popularity of this material in the 18th and 19th centuries in this area.
 Many houses have outbuildings and barns built in a manner complementary to the dwellings.
 By the mid-19th century, materials turned to brick, with the Glebe of Shelburne Parish an NRHP-listed example of a brick Federal style house, as well as the Israel Janney House.
Church Minshull is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
 The village is located approximately 5 mi north west of Crewe and to the west of the River Weaver and the Shropshire Union Canal.
 The principal road through Church Minshull is the B5074 between Nantwich (6 miles to the south) and Winsford (4 miles to the north).
 The modern village centre is a designated conservation area which contains many houses of Tudor style architecture.
 A large area in the east of the parish falls within the Weaver Valley Area of Special County Value.
Newbiggin is a small hamlet in Cumbria, England Cumrew beck flows north-west through Newbiggin eventually joining the Eden close to Armathwaite.
 The village contains many houses of a traditional design, a historic chapel (now a private home) and several large acreage farms.
 On the fells around the village there are traces of the old mines that used to operate in the area, as well as the skeletons of Lime kiln.
 A track from the village leads up to new water river, which can be followed north to Castle Carrock.
 There is a pub, The Blue Bell Inn.
East Garston is a village and civil parish on the River Lambourn, about 5.5 mi north of Hungerford in West Berkshire.
 The river flows through the village, dividing many houses from the main road, so that each has a bridge over the river to the front door.
