Sofía Espinosa Carrasco (born September 22, 1989) is a Mexican actress, producer, writer and director.
 She began her artistic preparation at the National Conservatory of Music, and followed with studies at Casazul in Mexico, Claudio Tolcachir's school in Argentina, the Stella Adler Studio in New York City, and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
 She received recognition for her role of Mati in the Mexican film "La Niña en la Piedra (Nadie Te Ve)" (2006), for which she was nominated for an Ariel Award for Best Actress.
 She subsequently starred in the TV series "Capadocia" (2010) and "Bienvenida Realidad" (2011).
American Heiress is a telenovela which debuted on March 13, 2007 at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on the American television network MyNetworkTV.
 This romantic melodrama tells the story of a roughneck pilot and a pampered heiress who survive a plane crash.
 The show was produced by Twentieth Television, based on the 2004 TV Azteca series "La Heredera" (""The Heiress"").
Adriana Fonseca (] ; born Adriana Fonseca Castellanos March 16, 1979) is a Mexican actress and dancer.
 She is best known for her several roles in Televisa's telenovelas like "La usurpadora" as Veronica Soriano (1998), "Rosalinda" as Lucy Pérez Romero (1999), "Mariana de la Noche" as Caridad "Chachi" Montenegro (2003), "Contra viento y marea" as Sandra Serrano Rudell (2005), "Bajo las riendas del amor" as Montserrat Linares (2007) and recently for her protagonist role in Telemundo's successful telenovela "Corazón Valiente" as Angela Valdez (2012).
María Eugenia Llamas Andresco (19 February 1944 – 31 August 2014) was a Mexican actress best known for her roles as "La Tucita" in the Golden Age of Mexican cinema in the late 1940s and in the 1950s.
 She began appearing in these films in 1948 at the age of four.
 She was the winner of the Mexican equivalent of the Oscar, the Premio Ariel.
 While she appeared in many movies after her childhood, she is less known for them.
 However, she remained popular for her radio and television appearances, for her on-stage story telling talent, and as a live theater actress, and was the 2007 recipient of the Diploma Medalla al Mérito (Medal of Merit) award from the Spanish American Itinerate Academy of Itinerate Oral Narration.
Gabriel Porras (born Carlos Gabriel Porras Flores, February 13, 1968 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actor.
 He began his acting career working for TV Azteca in telenovelas like "Tres Veces Sofia" along with Mexican diva Lucía Méndez and "El Tio Alberto".
 His acting career strengthened when he played his first protagonist role in a "El Alma Herida", a telenovela, produced by Telemundo which is owned by NBC Universal.
 In "El Alma Herida" he shared credits along with Mexican actress Itatí Cantoral with whom he had a relationship in real life.
La Heredera (The Heiress) is a Mexican telenovela produced by TV Azteca.
 It marked the third reunion for Silvia Navarro and Sergio Basañez as protagonists.
 The series was then developed into an American telenovela by the title of "American Heiress".
Emoé de la Parra (born Emoé de la Parra Vargas on June 16, 1955 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and academic, daughter of Mexican writer Yolanda Vargas Dulché.
 Most of her acting work has been in the theater but she is better known for her television work, including appearances in works written by her mother such as Encrucijada and Gabriel y Gabriela.
 Other acting related work has been direction and production of plays, along with screenplay adaptation and translations.
 Her academic work has been focused on philosophy, mostly with the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México.
Marlene Favela (born Silvia Marlene Favela Meraz on August 5, 1976 in Santiago Papasquiaro, Durango, Mexico) is a Mexican actress.
 In Mexican television, she is best known as Esmeralda in the TV show "Zorro, La Espada y la Rosa".
Angélica Vale (born Angélica María Vale Hartman on November 11, 1975 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, singer, and comedian known also as the daughter of Angélica María, "La Novia de Mexico" (Mexico's Sweetheart), and as the daughter of comedian Raúl Vale.
 She has been working as an actress for almost 30 years, but achieved fame in 2006 when she became the protagonist of "La Fea Más Bella" ("The Prettiest Ugly Girl"), a Mexican telenovela, with her real-life mother.
 She starred in the webnovela "No me hallo" as Luchita Guerra a young woman with a big dream of becoming a singer.
 Early in 2012, Vale was a team captain on the Mexican TV Show "Parodiando", of Televisa network.
Rita Macedo (1925–1993) was a Mexican actress who performed during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.
 She was nominated for an Ariel Award for her 1956 performance in "Ensayo de un crimen" and in 1991 for a TVyNovelas Prize for "Alcanzar una estrella".
 She won the Best Actress Ariel Award in 1972 for "Tú, yo, y nosotros".
 She was married to a pioneer of Mexican radio, television and film, Luis de Llano Palmer, by whom she had two children, Julissa, an actress and musician, and Luis de Llano Macedo, renowned telenovela producer.
 She also was instrumental in bringing many works of international writers to the Mexican stage.
