Amisfield Tower is a well-preserved tower house near Tinwald, about 5 mi north of Dumfries, in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland.
 The castle has also been known as Hempisfield Tower.
Kinnairdy Castle is a tower house, having five storeys and a garret, two miles south of Aberchirder, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
 The alternative name is Old Kinnairdy.
Plague Town is a 2008 American horror film directed by David Gregory and written by David Gregory and John Cregan.
Timpendean Tower (tim-pen-deen) or Typenden Castle as it was once known, is a ruined 15th-century tower house near Lanton, around 1.5 mi north-west of Jedburgh in the Scottish Borders.
Pittulie Castle, also spelled as Pitullie Castle, is an oblong tower house probably dating from the late 16th century, half a mile from Pitsligo Castle, Rosehearty, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
 It was described by W. Douglas Simpson as one of the nine castles of the Knuckle, referring to the rocky headland of north-east Aberdeenshire.
Appley Towers, also called Appley Tower or Appley Tower House was an English country house near Appley House in Appley, Isle of Wight.
 It was the home of the Hutt family, who bought it in the 1870s, and later of Sir Hedworth Williamson.
 The house has been demolished, but a number of its estate buildings survive.
Mahee Castle, also known as Nendrum Castle, is a small ruined tower house near Nendrum Monastery on Mahee Island in Strangford Lough, County Down, Northern Ireland.
 It was built in 1570 by Captain Thomas Browne.
 It was abandoned by the early 17th century, and fell into disrepair.
 In 1923, H.C. Lawlor and the Belfast Natural History and Philosophical Society partly renovated the tower house to avoid further erosion and built a buttress wall to support the northwest corner of the tower.
Arnage Castle is a country house, incorporating a Z-plan tower house, located around 4 mi north of Ellon, in Aberdeenshire, north-east Scotland.
 The tower house dates from the late 16th century, and was extended in subsequent centuries.
Niddry Castle is a fourteenth-century tower house near Winchburgh, West Lothian, Scotland.
 It is situated near the Union Canal, and between two large oil shale "bings", or waste heaps.
 Historically it was known as Niddry Seton or West Niddry to distinguish it from Niddry Marischal in Midlothian and Longniddry in East Lothian.
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is an MSNBC television program hosted by David Shuster that ended in 2009.
 The show is a panel discussion of news and trends in American politics among the panelists and anchor.
 It is a continuation of the show Race for the White House, which was originally hosted by David Gregory and aired in the same time slot from March to November 2008.
 Shuster became the host of the show when Gregory became moderator of NBC's "Meet the Press".
