Daniel Kaluuya (born 8 May 1989) is an English actor and writer.
 Kaluuya is best known for playing Chris Washington in the 2017 horror film "Get Out", Posh Kenneth in the E4 teen-drama "Skins", and Bing in the "Black Mirror" episode "Fifteen Million Merits".
Chanthaly (Lao: ຈັນທະລີ) is a 2012 Lao horror film directed by Mattie Do and written by Christopher Larsen.
 It is the first horror film to be written and directed entirely in Laos and the first Lao feature film directed by a woman.
 "Chanthaly" was screened at the 2012 Luang Prabang Film Festival and the 2013 Fantastic Fest.
 Pop singer Amphaiphun Phimmapunya stars in the leading role as Chanthaly, alongside Douangmany Soliphanh and Soukchinda Duangkhamchan.
Matilda Anna Ingrid Lutz (born January 28, 1991) is an Italian model and actress.
 She starred in the 2017 horror film "Rings".
Sierra Burgess Is a Loser is an upcoming American teen comedy film directed by Ian Samuels from a screenplay by Lindsey Beer.
 The film is a modern retelling of the "Cyrano de Bergerac" story, and stars Shannon Purser, RJ Cyler, Noah Centineo, Will Peltz, Kristine Froseth, Lea Thompson, and Alan Ruck.
Shannon Purser (born June 27, 1997) is an American actress.
 She made her acting debut in the Netflix drama series "Stranger Things" as Barbara "Barb" Holland, and portrays Ethel Muggs in The CW's teen drama series "Riverdale".
 She made her film debut as June Acosta in the 2017 horror film "Wish Upon".
Death Walks is a zero budget horror film directed by Spencer Hawken.
 The film stars Jessie Williams, Lucinda Rhodes-Flaherty, and Francesca Ciardi and will centre on a group of people trying to survive inside a shopping center that is under attack by the dead.
 "Death Walks" is Ciardi's first horror film since her role as Faye Daniels in the 1980 film "Cannibal Holocaust" and her first film role in over 20 years, her last film being 1991's "Safari".
"Slasher.com" is a 2017 horror feature film directed by Chip Gubera starring Jewel Shepard, R.A. Mihailoff, All-4-One's Delious Kennedy, Ben Kaplan, and Morgan Carter.
The Infernal Rapist (Spanish:El violador infernal) is a 1988 Mexican horror and thriller film directed by Damián Acosta Esparza.
 The film starring Noé Murayama, Princesa Lea, Ana Luisa Peluffo, Marisol Cervantes, Manuel 'Flaco' Ibáñez and Fidel Abregoin the lead roles.
Jenma Natchathiram (தமிழ்: ஜென்ம நட்சத்திரம், English: Birth Star) is a 1991 Tamil supernatural horror film directed and Screenplays by Thakkali Srinivasan for Thirai Gangai Films.
 The film dialogue were written by Ma.
 Pandarinathan, and story were written by Krishnan respectively.
 Music by Premi - Srini assets to the soundtrack.
 It Stars Baby Vichithra played titular role with Pramoth, Sindhuja and Vivek played pivotal role.
 The film was unofficial remake of "The Omen", 1976 British/American supernatural horror drama film directed by Richard Donner.
The Rage: Carrie 2 is a 1999 American supernatural horror film directed by Katt Shea and a sequel to the 1976 horror film "Carrie", based on the novel of the same name by Stephen King, and features Carrie White's baby half sister Rachel Lang in the lead role.
 Directed by Katt Shea, the film stars Emily Bergl, Jason London, Dylan Bruno, J. Smith-Cameron, and Amy Irving who reprises her role of Sue Snell from the previous film.
