Juice is a beverage made from the extraction or pressing out of the natural liquid contained in fruit and vegetables.
 It can also refer to liquids that are flavored with these or other biological food sources such as meat and seafood (e.g., clam juice).
 Juice is commonly consumed as a beverage or used as an ingredient or flavoring in foods or other beverages, such as smoothies. Juice emerged as a popular beverage choice after the development of pasteurization methods allowed for its preservation without using fermentation (the approach used with wine production).
 The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) estimated the total world production of citrus fruit juices to be 12,840,318 tonnes in 2012.
 The largest fruit juice consumers are New Zealand (nearly a cup, or 8 ounces, each day) and Colombia (more than three quarters of a cup each day).
 Fruit juice consumption on average increased with country income level.
 To the American food industry, fruit juice is more profitable than only fruit.
The YF-77 is China's first cryogenic rocket engine developed for booster applications.
 It burns liquid hydrogen fuel and liquid oxygen oxidizer using a gas generator cycle.
 A pair of these engines will power the LM-5 core stage.
 Each engine can independently gimbal in two planes.
 Although the YF-77 is ignited prior to liftoff, the LM-5's four strap-on boosters will provide most of the initial thrust in an arrangement similar to the European Vulcain on the Ariane 5 or the Japanese LE-7 on the H-II.
 Like the Vulcain, the YF-77 uses the less efficient gas generator cycle and even for that application it has less performance than the European engine.
The legal drinking age in India and the laws which regulate the sale and consumption of alcohol vary significantly from state to state.
 In India, consumption of alcohol is prohibited in the states of Gujarat, Bihar and Nagaland as well as the union territory of Lakshadweep.
 There is a partial ban on alcohol in some districts of Manipur.
 All other Indian states permit alcohol consumption but fix a legal drinking age, which ranges at different ages per region.
 In some states, the legal drinking age can be different for different types of alcoholic beverage.
Blue Hawaii is the fourteenth album by American singer and musician Elvis Presley, released on RCA Victor Records in mono and stereo, LPM/LSP 2426, on October 20, 1961.
 It is the soundtrack to the 1961 film of the same name starring Presley.
 Recording sessions took place at Radio Recorders in Hollywood on March 21, 22, and 23, 1961.
 In the United States, the album spent 20 weeks at the number one slot and 39 weeks in the Top 10 on "Billboard"' s Top Pop LPs chart.
 It was certified Gold on December 21, 1961, Platinum and 2x Platinum on March 27, 1992 and 3x Platinum on July 30, 2002 by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 On the US Top Pop Albums chart "Blue Hawaii" is second only to the soundtrack of "West Side Story" as the most successful album of the 1960s.
The U.S. state of Oregon has an extensive history of laws regulating the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages, dating back to 1844.
 It has been an alcoholic beverage control state, with the Oregon Liquor Control Commission holding a monopoly over the sale of all distilled beverages, since Prohibition.
 Today, there are thriving industries producing beer, wine, and liquor in the state.
 Alcohol may be purchased between 7 a.m. and 2:30 a.m.
 As of 2007, consumption of spirits is on the rise, while beer consumption is holding steady.
 Also, 11% of beer sold in Oregon was brewed in-state, the highest figure in the United States.
Flaming beverages include cocktails and other mixed drinks that contain flammable, high-proof alcohol, which is ignited prior to consumption.
 The alcohol may be an integral part of the drink, or it may be floated as a thin layer across the top of the drink.
 The flames are mostly for dramatic flair.
 However, in combination with certain ingredients, the flavor of the drink is altered.
 Some flavors are enhanced, and it may impart a toasted flavor to some drinks.
Blue Sky Beverage Company is an all natural beverage company that produces a large selection of natural soft drinks and energy drinks.
 It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Monster Beverage Corporation.
 The company was established in Santa Fe, New Mexico, in 1980 where it remained until it was purchased by Monster (then Hansen Beverage) in 2000.
 Coca-Cola North America took ownership of Blue Sky Sodas, Hansen’s Juice Products, Hansen’s Natural Sodas, Hubert’s Lemonade, Peace Tea and other non-energy drink brands as part of Coke’s partnership with Monster Beverage Corp on Jun 12, 2015.
"Till mitt eget Blue Hawaii" is a song written by Rose-Marie Stråhle, and recorded by Vikingarna on the 1990 album "Kramgoa låtar 18".
 With lyrics about Hawaii, it became a major Svensktoppen hit, staying at the chart for 23 weeks during the period 7 January-13 May 1990, and held first position for the first nine weeks.
 In October 1989, the song won "Hänts meloditävling".
Blue on Blue is Bobby Vinton's sixth studio album, released in 1963.
 Cover versions include the jazz songs "St. Louis Blues" and "Blueberry Hill", "Am I Blue", "Blue, Blue Day", the Fleetwoods' hit "Mr. Blue", "My Blue Heaven", three show tunes ("Blue Skies", "Blue Hawaii" and "Blue Moon"), and The Clovers Rhythm and blues hit, "Blue Velvet".
Blue Hawaii is a 1961 American musical romantic comedy film set in the state of Hawaii and starring Elvis Presley.
 The screenplay by Hal Kanter was nominated by the Writers Guild of America in 1962 in the category of Best Written American Musical.
 The movie opened at no. 2 in box office receipts for that week and despite mixed reviews from critics, finished as the 10th top-grossing movie of 1961 and 14th for 1962 on the "Variety" national box office survey, earning $5 million.
 The film won a fourth place prize Laurel Award in the category of Top Musical of 1961.
