Alfred-Louis Brunet-Debaines (5 November 1845 - 1939) was a French artist and printmaker who depicted street scenes and architecture, and who was the son of the architect Charles-Louis-Fortuné Brunet-Debaines.
 In 1863, he began his art studies at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts, Paris.
 During this period he learned etching techniques under masters such as Maxime Lalanne and Jules Ferdinand Jacquemart (1837-1880).
 Alfred Brunet-Debaines exhibited his first etchings at the Paris Salon in 1866.
 Around 1870, he was invited to England by writer and critic Philip Gilbert Hamerton who commissioned him to contribute original etchings to his publications, "The Portfolio" and "Etching and Etchers".
 Brunet-Debaines thus spent a considerable part of his prolific career in London and Scotland, and regularly exhibited at the Royal Academy between 1872 and 1886.
 Museums in France and England include examples of his etchings in their permanent collections.
 In 1882, he was elected a member of the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers.
 Museums in France and England include examples of his etchings in their permanent collections.
Nguyễn Sáng ( Tien Giang Province 1923- Ho Chi Minh City 1988) was a Vietnamese painter.
 He was a graduate of the 1940-1945 class of the Ecole des Beaux-Arts de l'Indochine.
 His favorite medias were pumice lacquer and oil paint.
 Although not overtly political, Sáng was reluctant and unenthusiastic about the new communist society in his paintings.
 He was posthumously awarded the Ho Chi Minh Prize in 1996.
Maurice Milliere (1871–1946) was a French painter, printmaker and illustrator, born in Le Havre to upper working class parents; his father was a merchant's clerk.
 His early artistic interests are not known, but he completed his secondary education at the Ecole De Beaux Arts in Le Havre before travelling to Paris in 1889 to continue his studies at the l'Ecole des Arts Decoratifs and l'Ecole des Beaux-Arts.
Claude Minière (born October 25, 1938, Paris) is an essayist and poet.
 Initially, he took part in various avant-garde activities before turning towards a more solitary, more classical approach to writing, never forgetting, however, the conquests of Rimbaud, Ezra Pound and free-verse.
 For fifteen years he taught at l’Ecole des Beaux-Arts and is the author of a “panorama” of artistic creativity in France between 1965 and 1996: "L’art en France 1965-1995" (Nouvelles editions françaises, Paris, 1995).
 Together with Margaret Tunstill, he translated two works by Ezra Pound: "Henri Gaudier-Brzeska, A Memoir" ("Henri Gaudier-Brzeska", ed.
 Tristram, 1992) and "Treatise on Harmony" ("Traité d’Harmonie", ed.
 Julien Salvy, 1980).
 In addition to the many collections of his poetry he has produced three remarkable essays : "Pound caractère chinois" (ed.
 Gallimard); "Barnett Newman" (ed.
 Tarabuste); and "Descartes" (ed.
 Le Cherche-Midi).
Nguyen Phan Chanh (July 21, 1892 - November 22, 1984) was born in a rural Vietnamese village, in Ha Tinh (now Nghe Tinh) province.
 His early education was in Chinese (as was common in pre-colonial times), and he studied Chinese calligraphy so as to pass the qualifying exams for the title of Mandarin.
 However, the exams were abolished before he was old enough to sit them.
 With his first ambition thwarted, it was decided that he should continue studying painting at the l’Ecole des Beaux-arts d’Indochine ("the Indochinese College of Fine Arts") in Hanoi.
Beaux-Arts architecture ( ; ] ) expresses the academic neoclassical architectural style taught at the "École des Beaux-Arts" in Paris.
 The "style" "Beaux Arts" is the cumulative product of two-and-a-half centuries of instruction under the authority, first, of the "Académie royale d'architecture" (1671–1793), then, following the French Revolution of the late 18th century, of the Architecture section of the "Académie des Beaux-Arts" (1795– ).
 The organization under the "Ancien Régime" of the competition for the "Grand Prix de Rome" in architecture, offering a chance to study in Rome, imprinted its codes and aesthetic on the course of instruction, which culminated during the Second Empire (1852–1870) and the Third Republic that followed.
 The style of instruction that produced Beaux-Arts architecture continued without major interruption until 1968.
He studied at the École nationale supérieure des beaux-arts of Paris and later with Fernand Léger friend of Maurice Utrillo and Bernard Buffet.
 He has exhibited extensively in Paris at the Salon de l'Art Libre, Salon des Independants, Salon de Printemps, Salon de l'Ecole Francaise, Salon de la Nationale des Beaux-Arts, and Salon "Les Grands et les Jeunes d'Aujourd' hui."
 He participated in a show of French Masters in Rome.
 He also exhibited with the French Young Painters in Geneva, Brussels, Finland, Germany, Canada, London, and Denmark.
 His first one-man show in America was held at Newman Galleries in 1965.
Detlef Lienau (February 17, 1818 Uetersen – August 29, 1887) was a German architect born in Holstein.
 He is credited with having introduced the French style to American building construction, notably the mansard roof and all its decorative flourishes.
 Trained at L’Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris, he designed virtually every type of Victorian structure—cottages, mansions, townhouses, apartment houses, hotels, tenements, banks, stores, churches, schools, libraries, offices, factories, railroad stations, and a museum.
 Lienau was recognized by clients and colleagues alike as one of the most creative and technically proficient architects of the period, and was one of the 29 founding members of the American Institute of Architects.
John Lonergan was an American artist, educator, and writer.
 He was born in Troy, NY.
 Sources variously list the year of his birth as 1895, 1896,1897.
 Lonergan died in New York City in 1969.
 His art often depicted the sea and the men who worked it, done in various mediums.
 These include gouache, drawing in charcoal and ink, lithography and screen printing.
 Lonergan studied art in Paris at Ecole des Beaux-Arts.
 During his career he taught at Friends Seminary, Columbia Grammar School, and Greenwich House, all in New York City.
 In 1939 he published a handbook on gouache painting, "Materials and Techniques of Gouache Painting".
Peggy Adam (born 1974) is a French comic book artist and illustrator.
 She studied at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Saint-Étienne, at the OCAD University in Toronto, and at the ESI (Ecole Supérieure de l'Image) in Angoulême.
