The Tennity Ice Skating Pavilion is an ice arena in Syracuse, New York.
 Named for donors Marilyn and Bill Tennity, the facility opened in October 2000 for the use of Syracuse University students.
 The facility is the home of Syracuse University's ACHA Division I men's hockey team competing in the Northeast Collegiate Hockey League, and new NCAA Division I women's program playing in the College Hockey America conference.
 The Ice Pavilion is also used for intramural hockey and broomball leagues, as well as Syracuse University physical education classes.
 The new women's hockey team locker room was designed by QPK Design.
George Hopkins Bond (August 10, 1873 – May 8, 1954) was an American football player, coach, and lawyer.
 He served as the head football coach at Syracuse University for one season in 1894, compiling a record of 6–5.
 Bond was born in Syracuse, New York on August 10, 1873.
 He graduated from Syracuse University with a bachelor's degree in philosophy in 1894 and from Syracuse University College of Law in 1897.
 Bond was a senior partner in the law firm of Bond, Schoeneck & King until his resignation in 1953.
 In 1937 he served as president of the New York State Bar Association.
 He was also an organizer and president of the New York State Association of District Attorneys.
Scott Shafer (born January 6, 1967) is an American football coach and former player.
 He currently serves as the defensive coordinator for the Middle Tennessee State Blue Raiders.
 He previously served as the head coach at Syracuse University until November 2015.
 He was a high school and college quarterback in Ohio at Riverside High School, Ohio University, and Baldwin-Wallace College.
 He has held various positions including defensive coordinator, assistant head coach, and secondary coach at major universities such as the University of Rhode Island, Northern Illinois University, the University of Illinois, Western Michigan University, Stanford University, University of Michigan, and Syracuse University.
 He was officially named the head coach of Syracuse on January 9, 2013.
Westcott is a neighborhood in Syracuse, New York, United States.
 Its proximity to Syracuse University makes for a diverse community, home to Syracuse University students, professors and other faculty and staff, as well as residents at all income levels.
 Westcott Street is the main retail street of the neighborhood, featuring numerous restaurants, coffee shops, stores and The Westcott Theater performing arts venue.
 It is the site of the annual Westcott Street Cultural Fair, a one-day celebration of the diversity and uniqueness of the neighborhood with food, art, live performances and cultural activities.
 Westcott is also home to Thornden Park, one of the largest parks in Syracuse.
 The Westcott neighborhood is the boyhood home of renowned banjoist Tony Trischka.
Frank Edward Wade (October 6, 1873 – March 3, 1930) was an American football player and coach, lawyer, and piano manufacturer.
 He served as the head football coach at DePauw University in 1895 and at Syracuse University from 1897 to 1899, compiling a career college football record of 20–12–3.
 Wade was born in Malta Bend, Missouri on October 6, 1873.
 He attended Washington University in St. Louis before graduating from Yale University in 1896 and Syracuse University College of Law in 1898.
 He practiced law in Syracuse, New York, and was president of the Amphion Piano Company, which he sold a few years before his death in 1930.
The New York State College of Forestry, the first professional school of forestry in North America, opened its doors at Cornell University, in Ithaca, New York, in the autumn of 1898.
 After just a few years of operation, it was defunded in 1903, by Governor Benjamin B. Odell, in response to public outcry over the College's controversial forestry practices in the Adirondacks.
 Less than a decade later, in 1911, the New York State College of Forestry was reestablished at Syracuse University by the New York State Legislature, with a mandate for forest conservation.
 The institution has continued to evolve and is now part of the State University of New York (SUNY) system, while still closely related and immediately adjacent to Syracuse University.
 Today, the State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry, or SUNY-ESF, is a doctoral degree-granting institution based in Syracuse, New York, with facilities and forest properties in several additional locations in upstate New York and Costa Rica; it commemorated its centennial anniversary in 2011.
The Syracuse University Alma Mater is the school song for Syracuse University, a private research university located in Syracuse, New York, United States.
 It was written by Junius W. Stevens in 1893, and is based on the then-popular song Annie Lisle.
 It was first sung under the title "Song of Syracuse" by the University Glee and Banjo Club on March 15, 1893.
 The song includes three verses, but only the first verse is commonly sung.
The Zen Center of Syracuse (or, Syracuse Zen Center), temple name Hoen-ji, is a Rinzai Zen Buddhist practice center in Syracuse, New York, one of the oldest continuously running Zen centers in the United States.
 Founded in 1972, the center is currently led by Roko Sherry Chayat .
 Originally located at 111 Concord Place, the center is located in both the former carriage house and home of Joshua Forman (the first mayor of Syracuse) and offers Zen practice for laypeople.
 It began as a group of graduate students from Syracuse University, with Chayat eventually becoming the center's leader.
 In addition to Zen practice, the center also provides some instruction in Tibetan Buddhism.
 According to "The Encyclopedia of Women and Religion in North America", "The Syracuse Zen Center also leads meditation at Syracuse University, Syracuse area schools, recovery and justice system institutions, hospitals and corporations."
 The center also won two awards for their restoration of The Forman House from the Preservation Association of Central New York .
 This house was instrumental during the War of 1812 and the American Civil War, for it was a bandage assembly area for wounded troops.
Tim O'Toole (born March 5, 1964) is an American college basketball coach with California.
 He is serving as an assistant coach to Wyking Jones.
 He used to be an assistant coach at Stanford University.
 Prior to this role with Stanford, he was the Director of Basketball Operations at Syracuse University.
 O'Toole was the bench for the Syracuse 2013 Final Four run.
 He also served in the media ESPN college basketball analyst, was the color analyst for St. John's University's radio broadcasts with John Minko, and was the tenth head coach of the Fairfield Stags men's basketball team.
 O'Toole was named Director of Basketball Operations for Syracuse University on January 2, 2013, returning to the school where he served as an assistant coach under Head Coach Jim Boeheim from 1992-1995.
The Syracuse University Marching Band (SUMB), also known as the Pride of the Orange, is the collegiate marching band of Syracuse University.
 The band consists of approximately 200 members.
 The SUMB performs at all home Syracuse Orange football games throughout the season in the Carrier Dome, and also takes part in parades and other performances throughout the year.
 It is one of the largest student organizations at Syracuse University, and one of the oldest collegiate bands in the nation.
