Imam Birgivi (27 March 1522–15 March 1573) was a Muslim scholar and moralist who lived during the height of the Ottoman Empire and whose texts are used to this day as manuals of spiritual practice throughout the Muslim world.
 His full name, in Arabic, is Taqī al-Dīn Muḥammad ibn Pīr ʿAlī al-Birgawī.
Subhan Ali Khan Kamboh (born 1766) was an Indian Muslim scholar, son of Ali Hussain Khan Kamboh of Bareilly in Rohilkhand.
 He completed his education under Dildar Ali Naseerabadi.
 Subhan Ali Khan Kamboh specialized in logic, philosophy, literature and Qur'anic exegesis, hadis and fiqh, etc.
Elahi Ardabili (Persian: الهی اردبیلی‎ ‎ ) (Kamāl al-Dīn Ḥusayn al-Ilāhī al-Ardabīlī, died 1543 CE) was an Iranian author and scholar.
Muhammad Umar Al-Qadri is an Islamic scholar and Sheikh based in Ireland who was born to a Pakistani Muslim scholarly family.
 His father is Muslim scholar Hazrat Maulana Mehr Ali Qadri, who arrived in late 1970s in Den Haag, Netherlands, to serve as an Imam.
 Qadri is also the Chair of the Irish Muslim Peace & Integration Council, a national representative Muslim body with presence in Dublin, Cork, Athlone, Port Laoise and Belfast.
Moulví Cherágh Ali (1844-1895) (also spelled Chirágh) was an Indian Muslim scholar of the late 19th century.
 As a colleague of Sir Sayyid Ahmad Khan he made a contribution to the school of Muslim Modernists and presented reformative thinking about the Qur'an.
 He contributed numerous works to the school of Muslim Modernists such as "A Critical Exposition of the Popular Jihad" and "Proposed Political, Legal and Social Reforms Under Moslem Rule".
 His interactions with Christians in British India also marked him as an Muslim apologist with a particular focus on the wars of Muhammad.
 His goal in the criticism of the Qur'an as well as the shariah is to justify contemporary Western ideals through the Qur'an.
 Dying at age 51 during treatment, Cherágh Ali is now buried in Bombay.
Wang Jingzhai (1879 - 1949) was a well-known Muslim scholar during the Republic of China period.
 He was the first or possibly second person to translate the entire Qur'an into Chinese, with the exact time attributed to either 1927 or 1932.
 He began to translate the entire holy book due to a request from the son of female Chinese Muslim scholar Ding Yunhui.
 Yunhui had written the "Omudai", a partial translation of the Qur'an which omitted any references to Islamic sexual jurisprudence due to the prevailing sensitivities in women's mosques in China at the time.
Malik Kamāl al-Dīn "Gurg" (died 1315), was a general of the Delhi Sultanate ruler Alauddin Khalji.
 He played an important role in the Alauddin's conquest of the Siwana (1308) and the Jalore (1311) forts.
 He was killed while trying to suppress a revolt in Gujarat.
Mustafa Raza Khan Qadri, also known as Mufti-e-Azam-e-Hind (Grand Jurist of India), was a significant Muslim scholar.
 He was born Monday, 22nd of Zil Hijjah 1310 AH (18 July 1892) in the city of Bareilly Shareef, India.
 Khan was the son of the Islamic scholar Ahmed Raza Khan.
 He wrote several books on Islam in Arabic, Urdu, Persian, Hindi and announced judgments on several thousand Islamic problems in his compilation of Fatawa "Fatawa-e-Mustafwia".
 Thousands of Islamic scholars were counted as his spiritual successors.
 Due to his popularity and knowledge, the Barelwi movement accepted him as its leader after the death of Ahmed Raza Khan.
 He was the main leader of All India Jamaat Raza-e-Mustafa in Bareilly city which initiated counter to Shuddhi Movement to save Muslims from being converted into Hinduism in undivided India.
 During the time of emergency in India, he issued a fatwa against vasectomy and argued against then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Chishtī Muʿīn al-Dīn Ḥasan Sijzī (1142–1236 CE), known more commonly as Muʿīn al-Dīn Chishtī or Moinuddin Chishti, or reverently as a Shaykh Muʿīn al-Dīn or Hazrat Muʿīn al-Dīn or Khwājā Muʿīn al-Dīn by South Asian Muslims, was a Persian Muslim preacher, ascetic, religious scholar, philosopher, and mystic from Sistan, who eventually ended up settling in the Indian subcontinent in the early 13th-century, where he promulgated the famous Chishtiyya order of Sunni mysticism.
 This particular "tariqa" (order) became the dominant Muslim spiritual group in medieval India and many of the most beloved and venerated Indian Sunni saints were Chishti in their affiliation, including Nizamuddin Awliya (d. 1325) and Amir Khusrow (d. 1325).
 As such, Muʿīn al-Dīn Chishtī's legacy rests primarily on his having been "one of the most outstanding figures in the annals of Islamic mysticism."
 Additionally, Muʿīn al-Dīn Chishtī is also notable for having been one of the first major Islamic mystics to formally allow his followers to incorporate the "use of music" in their devotions, liturgies, and hymns to God, which he did so in order to make the foreign Arab faith more relatable to the indigenous peoples who had recently entered the religion or whom he sought to convert.
M. A. Muqtedar Khan (Muhammad Abdul Muqtedar Khan) (Urdu: محمد عبد المقتدر خان), born 1966, is a professor in the Department of Political Science and International Relations at the University of Delaware.
 Khan is the founding director of the Islamic Studies Program at the university.
 He chaired the Department of Political Science and was Director of International Studies at Adrian College, and was a non-resident Fellow at the Brookings Institution from 2003 to 2008.
 He earned his Ph.D. in international relations, political philosophy and Islamic political thought from Georgetown University in May 2000.
