Hollywood-Monster (released as Ghost Chase in the United States) is a 1987 horror comedy film directed by Roland Emmerich, about a film crew working in a haunted mansion.
 Emmerich's third movie, it starred Jason Lively, Jill Whitlow, Paul Gleason and Tim McDaniel.
Troma Entertainment was founded out of the rubble of Lloyd Kaufman’s Armor Films in 1974 as a production company.
 In 1995, Kaufman and vice president Michael Herz formed Troma Team Video who would handle all of their distribution instead of going through a third company.
 Since 1995, they have been releasing Troma titles (including titles the company has bought since being formed and a mighty collection of older classics with The Roan Group) on DVD and virally.
 They started re-releasing their films on Blu-ray in 2010.
Michael Herz is an American film producer, director and screenwriter.
 With Lloyd Kaufman, the two are the co-founders of Troma Entertainment, the world's longest running independent film studio, known for their comedic horror films, including the cult favorite "Toxic Avenger series and "Tromeo and Juliet".
The straight man is a stock character in a comedy performance, especially a double act, sketch comedy, or farce.
 When a comedy partner behaves eccentrically, a straight man's response may range from aplomb to outrage, or from patience to frustration, but "never" laughter, making the partner look all the more ridiculous by being completely serious.
 The ability to maintain a serious demeanor in the face of even the most preposterous comedy is crucial to a successful straight man.
 Whatever direct contribution to the comedy a straight man provides usually comes in the form of deadpan.
 A straight man with no direct comedic role has historically been known as a stooge.
Stanley Lloyd Kaufman, Jr. (born December 30, 1945) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and actor.
 With producer Michael Herz, he is the co-founder of Troma Entertainment film studio, and the director of many of their feature films, including "The Toxic Avenger" and "Tromeo and Juliet".
The Toxic Avenger is a 1984 American superhero comedy horror film directed by Michael Herz and Lloyd Kaufman (credited as Samuel Weil) and written by Kaufman and Joe Ritter.
 The film was released by Troma Entertainment, known for producing low budget B-movies with campy concepts and gruesome violence.
 Virtually ignored upon its first release, "The Toxic Avenger" caught on with filmgoers after a long and successful midnight movie engagement at the famed Bleecker Street Cinemas in New York City in late 1985.
 It now is regarded as a cult classic.
Michael Herz (born 1943) is a German businessman, co-owner of the German coffee shop and retail chain Tchibo.
Stargate is a 1994 French-American science fiction adventure film released through Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) and Carolco Pictures.
 Created by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich, the film is the first release in the "Stargate" franchise.
 Directed by Roland Emmerich, the film stars Kurt Russell, James Spader, Jaye Davidson, Alexis Cruz, Mili Avital, and Viveca Lindfors.
 The plot centers on the premise of a "Stargate", an ancient ring-shaped device that creates a wormhole enabling travel to a similar device elsewhere in the universe.
 The film's central plot explores the theory of extraterrestrial beings having an influence upon human civilization.
Citizen Toxie: The Toxic Avenger IV is a 2000 American superhero comedy horror film directed by Lloyd Kaufman and written by Kaufman, Michael Herz, Patrick Cassidy, Trent Haaga, and uncredited co-director Gabriel Friedman.
 Despite being the third sequel to "The Toxic Avenger", Stan Lee's opening narration claims that "Citizen Toxie" is, in fact, the official sequel to the first film.
Troma Entertainment is an American independent film production and distribution company founded by Lloyd Kaufman and Michael Herz in 1974.
 The company produces low-budget independent films, primarily of the horror genre.
 Many of them play on 1950s horror with elements of farce, parody, gore and splatter.
