Shaun Edward Alexander (born August 30, 1977) is a former American football running back who played for the Seattle Seahawks and Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL).
 He played college football for the University of Alabama, and was drafted by the Seahawks 19th overall in the 2000 NFL Draft.
 In May 2011, he was inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame.
 Alexander set numerous NFL and Seattle Seahawks' franchise records, and was named the NFL MVP in 2005.
 He was also named to the NFL's 2000 All-Decade team.
Ester James Junior, III (born December 8, 1959) is a former American college and professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for thirteen seasons during the 1980s and 1990s.
 Junior played college football for the University of Alabama, and earned All-American honors.
 He was selected in the first round of the 1981 NFL Draft, and played professionally for the NFL's St. Louis Cardinals, Miami Dolphins, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Seattle Seahawks.
Mosiula Mea'alofa "Lofa" Tatupu (born November 15, 1982) is a former American football linebacker who played six seasons in the National Football League (NFL).
 He was an assistant linebackers coach with the Seattle Seahawks.
 He played college football for the University of Southern California (USC).
 Tatupu was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the second round of the 2005 NFL Draft.
Anthony Lamont Simmons (born June 20, 1976) is a former American college and professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for seven seasons.
 He played college football for Clemson University, and earned All-American honors.
 He was drafted in the first round of the 1998 NFL Draft, and he played professionally for the Seattle Seahawks, and briefly, the New Orleans Saints of the NFL.
Shawn Springs (born March 11, 1975) is a former American college and professional football player who was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for 13 seasons.
 He played college football for Ohio State University, and earned All-American honors.
 He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks third overall in the 1997 NFL Draft, he played professionally for the Seahawks, Washington Redskins and New England Patriots of the NFL, and was a Pro Bowl selection in 1998.
Daniel Thomas Morgan, Jr. (born December 19, 1978) is a former American college and professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for seven seasons.
 He played college football for the University of Miami, was recognized as an All-American, and won multiple national awards.
 The Carolina Panthers chose him in the first round of the 2001 NFL Draft, and he earned a Pro Bowl selection in 2004.
 He currently is the Director of Pro Personnel for the Seattle Seahawks.
This article is a compilation of the list of seasons completed by the Seattle Seahawks American football franchise of the National Football League (NFL).
 The list documents the season-by-season records of the Seahawks' franchise from 1976 to present, including postseason records, and league awards for individual players or head coaches.
 As of the end of the 2016 NFL season, the Seahawks have 21 winning seasons, 17 losing seasons, and 4 seasons where they finished 8–8.
 With a 35–6 Week 14 win over the Baltimore Ravens on December 13 during the 2015 season, not only did the Seahawks improved to 8–5 at that point in the season, but the Seahawks' all–time franchise regular season win–loss record improved to 313–312–0; this marked the first time ever in team history that the Seahawks have had an overall winning regular season win–loss record (a win–loss record above .500).
 The Seahawks are the one of four North American men's professional sports teams that have played in Seattle with an all–time winning record, after the Seattle Metropolitans (the first American team to win the Stanley Cup in 1917, folded in 1924), the Seattle SuperSonics (who relocated to Oklahoma City and became the Thunder in the summer of 2008), and the Seattle Sounders FC (established in 2007 as an expansion franchise, currently active).
 Therefore, the Seahawks are currently one of two active North American men's professional sports team located in Seattle with an overall winning record.
 On October 23, 2016, the Seahawks played the Arizona Cardinals at University of Phoenix Stadium and the game ended in a 6–6 tie after OT, which was the first time this ever happened in franchise history.
Christopher Shawn Patrick Canty (born March 30, 1976) is a former American college and professional football player who was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) and Arena Football League.
 He played college football for Kansas State University, and was a two-time All-American.
 A first-round pick in the 1997 NFL Draft, he played professionally for the New England Patriots, Seattle Seahawks and New Orleans Saints of the NFL, and Las Vegas Gladiators and Rio Grande Valley Dorados of the arena league.
Vernon Leroy Maxwell (born October 25, 1961) is a former American college and professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for seven seasons during the 1980s.
 Maxwell played college football for Arizona State University, and was selected as an All-American.
 He played professionally for the Indianapolis Colts, Detroit Lions and Seattle Seahawks, and was recognized as the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year.
Brian Keith Bosworth (born March 9, 1965), nicknamed "The Boz," is a former American professional football player who played as a linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks in the National Football League (NFL).
 Bosworth played college football for the University of Oklahoma, and was a two-time consensus All-American.
 He gained fame and notoriety through his flamboyant personality, controversial comments about the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and radical hair cuts.
 Bosworth was less successful in the NFL and injuries forced him to retire after three seasons.
