Badger Mountain Ski Area is a small ski area, 4 miles SW of Waterville, Washington.
 It is located on the northeastern flank of Badger Mountain.
 Established in 1939, it is currently a volunteer run ski area sponsored by the local Waterville Lions Club.
 The resort has a relatively low elevation, of 3145 ft , therefore the ski area does not usually receive adequate snow until January.
 The ski area has one small lodge, which has a small selection of rentals, and a kitchen.
The East Gallatin River flows 42 mi in a northwesterly direction through the Gallatin valley, Gallatin County, Montana.
 Rising from the confluence of Rocky Creek and several other small streams, the East Gallatin begins about one mile (1.6 km) east of downtown Bozeman, Montana.
 The river joins the main stem of the Gallatin River 2.3 mi north of Manhattan, Montana.
 Throughout its course, the river traverses mostly valley floor ranch and farm land with typical summer flows of approximately 50 cuft/s
Gallatin Community Unit School District 7 is a school district covering most of Gallatin County, Illinois.
 It operates a single campus, the Gallatin County Educational Complex, also known as Gallatin County School, which is divided into a grade school, junior high school, and high school, between Equality and Junction in Equality Township, Gallatin County, Illinois.
The 1960 NCAA Skiing Championships were contested at the Bridger Bowl Ski Area near Bozeman, Montana at the 7th annual NCAA-sanctioned ski tournament to determine the individual and team national champions of men's collegiate alpine, cross country skiing, and ski jumping in the United States.
 Montana State College served as the hosts.
Gallatin County High School, also known as Gallatin High School, is a public high school in Warsaw, Kentucky, United States.
 It is the only high school in the Gallatin County School District.
 Jon Jones is the school principal.
 The school's athletic teams are called the Wildcats.
Fairy Lake is a lake in Gallatin County, Montana at the base of the Sacagawea Peak, a part of the Bridger mountains in south central Montana.
 It is located within the northwestern section of the Gallatin National Forest and sits at an elevation of 7557 ft .
Bridger is a census-designated place (CDP) in Gallatin County, Montana, United States.
 It comprises the Bridger Bowl Ski Area and some nearby residences on the eastern side of the Bridger Range in southwestern Montana.
 As of the 2010 census the Bridger CDP had a population of 30.
Three Forks Airport (FAA LID: 9S5) is a public use airport in Gallatin County, Montana, United States.
 The airport is owned by Gallatin County and located one nautical mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Three Forks, Montana.
 It is also known as Pogreba Field, named for a Korean War aviator from Three Forks.
 This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
The Horseshoe Hills, el.
 6673 ft , are a roughly crescent-shaped range of hills north of Manhattan, Montana in Gallatin County, Montana.
 They lie in the area between the southern Big Belt Mountains and the northern Bridger Range.
 The hills are bounded on the north by Sixteen Mile Creek (which begins in the Crazy Mountains), the first major tributary of the Missouri River.
 As they are in the rain shadow of the Boulder, Elkhorn, and Bull Mountains to the west, the Horseshoe Hills are notably dry, receiving 10 - 12 inches of precipitation annually.
 This is especially true on the southern and southeastern flanks, which are also in the rain shadow of the hills themselves.
 In the driest areas, Missouri foxtail cacti, plains prickly pear cacti, and yucca abound, as well as prairie rattlesnakes.
 Much of the hills are private property, but there is also some State, BLM, and National Forest land.
Bozeman is a city in and the county seat of Gallatin County, Montana, United States, in the southwestern part of the state.
 The 2010 census put Bozeman's population at 37,280 and by 2016 the population rose to 45,250, making it the fourth largest city in the state.
 It is the principal city of the Bozeman, MT Micropolitan Statistical Area, consisting of all of Gallatin County with a population of 97,304.
 It is the largest Micropolitan Statistical Area in Montana and is the third largest of all of Montana’s statistical areas.
