Wynn Vale is an outer north-eastern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia and is located within the City of Tea Tree Gully local government area.
 It is adjacent to Golden Grove, Modbury Heights, Surrey Downs, Salisbury East and Para Hills.
 It is located approximately 20 km north-east of the city of Adelaide.
Para Hills Knights SC are a soccer club based in Para Hills, South Australia.
 The club competes in the FFSA National Premier League.
 The Para Hills Knights home ground is at The Paddocks in Para Hills, north of Adelaide.
 They currently have some of the strongest sides in the Junior Premier League and senior league.
 2012 was a very successful year for the club gaining promotion to the top league in South Australia by winning the premier league competition.
 The club also gained a place in the cup after beating some strong super league sides.
 The under 19's team also finished top of their league and the reserves had a successful season, finishing the 2006 Premier League season on top earning promotion to the 2007 South Australian Super League.
 The Knights recently recently regained Premier League status following promotion from the State League in 2016.
Playford is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia.
 Named after the long serving South Australian premier Tom Playford, it is a 22.7 km² urban electorate in Adelaide's north, taking in the suburbs of Ingle Farm, Para Hills West and Walkley Heights as well as parts of Gepps Cross, Gulfview Heights, Northfield, Para Hills, Para Vista, Pooraka and Valley View.
Florey is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia.
 It is named after scientist Howard Florey, who was responsible for the development of penicillin.
 It is a 16.1 km² urban electorate in Adelaide's north-east, taking in the suburbs of Modbury, Modbury Heights and Modbury North, as well as parts of Gilles Plains, Hope Valley, Para Hills, Para Vista, Redwood Park, Ridgehaven, Valley View and Wynn Vale.
Gulfview Heights is a small suburb of Adelaide, South Australia and is within the City of Salisbury and City of Tea Tree Gully local government area.
 It is adjacent to Wynn Vale, Salisbury East and Para Hills.
Para Hills West is a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, and is within the City of Salisbury.
 It is on the eastern side of Main North Road, opposite Parafield Airport.
 The other boundaries are McIntyre Road, Bridge Road and Maxwell Road.
Belair National Park (formerly known as the National Park and as Belair Recreation Park) is a protected area located at Belair in South Australia (Australia), 13 km south of Adelaide city centre and which covers an area of 835 ha .
 It was proclaimed in 1891 and was the first national park in South Australia, second in Australia (after Sydney's Royal National Park which was proclaimed in 1879) and the tenth in the world.
 The national park lies within the Adelaide Hills and Mitcham council area, and forms part of a chain of protected areas located along the Adelaide Hills Face Zone.
 The national park is administered by the Department of Environment, Water and Natural Resources.
Para Hills is a residential suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.
 There is a light aircraft airport close to its boundary, and numerous sporting facilities, abundant parks and schools and two medium-sized shopping centres.
 Most of the suburb is in the City of Salisbury while some is in the City of Tea Tree Gully.
Wentworth is a small border town in the far south west of the state of New South Wales, Australia.
 It lies at the confluence of Australia's two most important rivers, the Darling and the Murray, the latter forming the border with the state of Victoria to the south.
 The border with the state of South Australia lies approximately 100 km to the west.
 The town of Wentworth is in the local government area of the same name.
The Division of Makin is an electoral division for the Australian House of Representatives located in the northeastern suburbs of Adelaide.
 The 130 km² seat covers an area from Little Para River and Gould Creek in the north-east to Grand Junction Road in the south and Port Wakefield Road in the west, including the suburbs of Banksia Park, Fairview Park, Golden Grove, Greenwith, Gulfview Heights, Ingle Farm, Mawson Lakes, Modbury, Para Hills, Para Vista, Pooraka, Redwood Park, Ridgehaven, Salisbury East, Salisbury Heights, St Agnes, Surrey Downs, Tea Tree Gully, Valley View, Vista, Walkley Heights, Wynn Vale, Yatala Vale, and parts of Gepps Cross and Hope Valley.
