Ella Purnell (born 17 September 1996) is an English actress, who has appeared in the films "Never Let Me Go" (2010), "Maleficent" (2014) and "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" (2016).
Kashchey the Deathless (Russian: Кащей бессмертный , "Kashchey bessmertnïy"), Kashchey the Immortal, is a one-act opera in three scenes (styled a "little autumnal fairy tale") by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov.
 The libretto was written by the composer, and is based on a Russian fairy tale about Koschei the Deathless, an evil, ugly old wizard, who menaced principally young women.
 A similar fairy tale was also used by Igor Stravinsky (Rimsky-Korsakov's pupil) and Michel Fokine to create their iconic ballet, "The Firebird".
Shrek is a 2001 American computer-animated fantasy film loosely based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book of the same name and directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson in their directorial debut.
 It stars the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, and John Lithgow, and somewhat serves as a parody of other films adapted from numerous fairy tales, mainly animated Disney films.
Wildlike is a 2015 American feature film written and directed by Frank Hall Green, a multi-hyphenate film writer/director/producer, partner of Tom Heller at Catch & Release Films and producer at Greenmachine Film.
 Filmed in Alaska and starring Ella Purnell, Bruce Greenwood, Brian Geraghty, Nolan Gerard Funk and Ann Dowd, "Wildlike" has 100% Fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes, and played over 150 film festivals and won over 100 festival awards.
"The Fisherman and His Wife" is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm, tale no. 19.
 It is Aarne–Thompson type 555, the fisherman and his wife.
 Its theme was used in "The Tale of the Fisherman and the Fish", an 1833 poem by Aleksandr Pushkin.
 Virginia Woolf has her character Mrs. Ramsey in "To the Lighthouse" read a version of the story to her son, James.
 Günter Grass's 1977 novel, "The Flounder," is loosely based on the fairy tale, as are Emanuele Luzzati's version, "Punch and the Magic Fish," and Ursula LeGuin's novel "The Lathe of Heaven".
Very Blue Beard (Russian: Очень синяя борода , "Ochen sinjaja boroda") is a 1979 Soviet musical comedy animated film loosely based on the "Bluebeard" fairy tale by Charles Perrault.
 Directed by Vladimir Samsonov, screenplay by Arkady Arkanov.
 Cinematography by Vladimir Milovanov.
 Original music score by Gennady Gladkov.
 Lyrics by Yuliy Kim.
 Released by T/O Ekran
Scarlet is a 2013 young adult science fiction novel written by American author Marissa Meyer and published by Macmillan Publishers through their subsidiary Feiwel & Friends.
 It is the second novel in "The Lunar Chronicles" series and the sequel to "Cinder".
 The story is loosely based on the fairy tale of "Little Red Riding Hood", similar to "Cinder", which was loosely based on "Cinderella".
Winter is a 2015 young adult science fiction novel written by American author Marissa Meyer and published by Macmillan Publishers through their subsidiary Feiwel & Friends.
 It is the fourth and final book in "The Lunar Chronicles" series and the sequel to "Cress".
 The story is loosely based on the fairy tale of "Snow White", similar to its predecessors "Cinder", "Scarlet" and "Cress" which were loosely based on "Cinderella", "Little Red Riding Hood" and "Rapunzel" respectively.
 It was a "USA Today" and "Wall Street Journal" bestselling novel.
Cress is a 2014 young adult science fiction novel written by American author Marissa Meyer and published by Macmillan Publishers through their subsidiary Feiwel & Friends.
 It is the third novel in "The Lunar Chronicles" series and the sequel to "Scarlet".
 The story is loosely based on the fairy tale of "Rapunzel", similar to its predecessors "Cinder" and "Scarlet" which were loosely based on "Cinderella" and "Little Red Riding Hood" respectively.
Ella Enchanted is a 2004 fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Tommy O'Haver and written by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith loosely based on Gail Carson Levine's 1997 novel of the same name.
 Starring Anne Hathaway and Hugh Dancy, the film plays with the usual fairy tale genre.
