St John the Baptist Church is located to the northeast of the village of Tunstall, Lancashire, England.
 It is an active Anglican parish church in the united benefice of East Lonsdale, in the deanery of Tunstall, the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn.
 The benefice of East Lonsdale combines this church with St Peter, Leck, St Wilfrid, Melling, St James the Less, Tatham, The Good Shepherd, Lowgill, and Holy Trinity, Wray.
 The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
The Vita Sancti Wilfrithi or Life of St Wilfrid (spelled "Wilfrid" in the modern era) is an early 8th-century hagiographic text recounting the life of the Northumbrian bishop, Wilfrid.
 Although a hagiography, it has few miracles, while its main concerns are with the politics of the Northumbrian church and the history of the monasteries of Ripon and Hexham.
 It is one of a collection of historical sources from the late 7th- and early 8th-centuries, along with the anonymous "Vita Sancti Cuthberti", the works of Bede and Adomnán's "Vita Sancti Columbae", that detail the Christianisation of Great Britain and make the period the best documented period in English history before the age of Alfred the Great.
St Wilfrid's Church of England Academy (formerly St Wilfrid's Church of England High School) is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in Blackburn in the English county of Lancashire.
 The school is named after Saint Wilfrid, a former Archbishop of Canterbury.
 Originally located over two sites on Duckworth Street & Byrom Street, construction of a new combined campus on Duckworth Street began in December 2001, and was completed in January 2004.
St Wilfrid's is a Roman Catholic church located in the centre of York, England, in the shadows of York Minster.
 A Church dedicated to St Wilfrid has stood in York since medieval times.
 Catholics call it the "Mother Church of the city of York."
 It is in Gothic Revival style.
 The Arch over the main door has the most detailed Victorian carving in the city.
 The present Church was completed in 1864 and it was considered to be one of the most perfectly finished Catholic Churches in England, rich in sculptures, paintings and stained glass.
 In 2013, the church was entrusted to the Oratorian Fathers.
 with Fr.
 Richard Duffield Cong.
 Orat as parish priest.
St Peter's Church is the Parish Church of Selsey, West Sussex and dates from the 13th century.
 The Church building was originally situated at the location of St Wilfrid's first monastery and cathedral at Church Norton some 2 miles north of the present centre of population.
Chesham ( , , or ) is a market town in the Chiltern Hills, Buckinghamshire, England.
 It is located 11 miles south-east of the county town of Aylesbury.
 Chesham is also a civil parish designated a town council within Chiltern district.
 It is situated in the Chess Valley and surrounded by farmland, as well as being bordered on one side by Amersham and Chesham Bois.
 The earliest records of Chesham as a settlement are from the second half of the 10th century although there is archaeological evidence of people in this area from around 8000 BC.
 Henry III granted the town a royal charter for a weekly market in 1257.
St Wilfrid's Chapel, also known as St Wilfrid's Church and originally as St Peter's Church, is a former Anglican church at Church Norton, a rural location near the village of Selsey in West Sussex, England.
 In its original, larger form, the church served as Selsey's parish church from the 13th century until the mid 1860s; when half of it was dismantled, moved to the centre of the village and rebuilt along with modern additions.
 Only the chancel of the old church survived in its harbourside location of "sequestered leafiness", resembling a cemetery chapel in the middle of its graveyard.
 It was rededicated to St Wilfrid—7th-century founder of a now vanished cathedral at Selsey—and served as a chapel of ease until the Diocese of Chichester declared it redundant in 1990.
 Since then it has been in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust charity.
 The tiny chapel, which may occupy the site of an ancient monastery built by St Wilfrid, is protected as a Grade I Listed building.
St Martin's Church (in full, St Martin with St Wilfrid, St Alban and St Richard Hollingdean) is an Anglican church in Brighton, England, dating from the mid-Victorian era.
 It is located on the Lewes Road (the present A270) in the Round Hill area of the city, northeast of the city centre and approximately 1.1 mi north of the seafront.
 It is the largest church in Brighton by capacity and is noted for its ornate interior.
The Cathedral Church of St Peter and St Wilfrid, commonly known as Ripon Cathedral, is a cathedral in the North Yorkshire city of Ripon.
 Founded as a monastery by Scottish monks in the 660s, it was refounded as a Benedictine monastery by St Wilfrid in 672.
 The church became collegiate in the tenth century, and acted as a mother church within the large Diocese of York for the remainder of the Middle Ages.
 In 1836 the church became the cathedral for the Diocese of Ripon.
 In 2014 the Diocese was incorporated into the new Diocese of Leeds, and the church became one of three co-equal cathedrals of the Bishop of Leeds.

At the time of the Norman conquest of England in 1066, Halton was the centre of a large manor that belonged to Earl Tostig Godwinson.
 There is evidence of a Christian site at Halton and there was probably an Anglo-Saxon minster there.
 There may have been a connection to Bishop Wilfrid ("c".
 633 – "c".
 709) and certainly by 1252, there was a church dedicated to St Wilfrid.
 Until the early 18th century, the advowson (the right to appoint a parish priest) belonged to the Lord of the Manor.
