Mark T. Skinner (September 13, 1813 – September 16, 1887) was an American politician, attorney, and philanthropist from Vermont.
 The son of a powerful Vermont politician, Skinner decided to follow his father's profession of law.
 He moved west to Chicago, Illinois and was named City Attorney for Chicago and United States Attorney for the Illinois District.
 In 1846, Skinner was elected to a term in the Illinois House of Representatives.
 During the Civil War, during which he lost his only son, Skinner served on the United States Sanitary Commission and oversaw a similar organization in Chicago.
 After retiring from law and politics, he managed real estate and focused on charitable endeavors.
James L. Terry is a Lieutenant General (Ret) in the United States Army.
 He was born in Chatsworth, Georgia on May 14, 1957.
 In 1978, he graduated from North Georgia College and through ROTC, commissioned into the Infantry.
 Terry has commanded at multiple levels across the Army.
 Terry's last assignment was as the commanding general of United States Army Central, retiring 17 November 2015.
 Terry served as the last commander of V Corps before its inactivation in 2013.
 While commanding V Corps, he concurrently served as Commander, International Security Assistance Force Joint Command (IJC), and as deputy commander of United States Forces Afghanistan.
 He was the Commanding General of the 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry) from 2009 to 2011.
Adam Owen Ph.D (born 5 September 1980 in Wrexham) is a Welsh football coach.
 Owen currently works for Lechia Gdańsk, Poland as Director of Performance & Assistant Manager working alongside manager and Polish football legend Piotr Nowak.
 Owen attained a doctorate in Sport Science through Lyon.1 University (Claude Bernard) in France, having previously completed his M.Phil degree in Sport & Exercise Science.
 Owen has produced many contemporary research publications & book chapters becoming a leading researcher in the area of 'Football Science'.
 Owen also holds the UEFA Professional Coaching Licence.
Sir Alfred George Beech Owen (1909–1975) was the son of Alfred Ernest Owen (who in 1910 became the sole-proprietor of the British engineering company Rubery Owen & Co).
 Sir Alfred was educated at Emmanuel College, Cambridge and after the death of his father in 1929 he became, jointly with his brother, managing director of the Rubery Owen Group.
Owen is an anglicized variant of the Welsh name Owain.
 Owen is a traditional Welsh surname in the United Kingdom.
 Historically in Welsh Owen is spelt Owain and the Irish name is spelt Eóghan/Eoin.
 Etymologists consider it to be cognate with "Eugene" meaning "noble-born".
 The name may appear as both a personal name and as a surname (with or without the "s" as in "Owens" ("son of Owen")).
Fish Karma (real name Terry Owen, b. 1959) is an American punk rock/comedy rock/folk rock musician from Tucson, Arizona.
John Alexander (born 5 October 1955) is an English former footballer who holds the post of club secretary at Manchester United.
 Born in Liverpool, Alexander began his football career with a club called Ulysses, before being picked up by Millwall, for whom he made his league debut in 1976.
 After scoring twice in 15 appearances over the course of two years with Millwall, he moved to Reading; he enjoyed greater success with Reading, scoring nine goals in 25 games.
 In 1981, he joined Northampton Town, but spent just one season with them before retiring from football at the age of 26 in 1982.
 Upon retiring from football, Alexander got a job with the BBC, but he later returned to football as club secretary at Watford.
 In 2000, he took up the same post at Tottenham Hotspur, spending 10 years there before applying for the same job at Manchester United, where he would replace the retiring Ken Ramsden.
 He took over at Manchester United on 1 July 2010.
 He is the uncle of Liverpool player Trent Alexander-Arnold.
Alexandru Ene (19 September 1928 – 22 May 2011) was a Romanian football striker.
 He started playing football at Olympia Bucureşti from 1941 to 1947, then he went to Metalul Bucharest making there his senior debut, and between 1951 and 1960 he played at Dinamo Bucharest.
 He assert himself as a remarkable man of goals, succeeding in 1955 to win the Romanian League the first title in Dinamo's history.
 He scored 98 goals for Dinamo.
 After retiring, he made leading positions in football, as vice president of the club Dinamo (1971–1973).
 During that time, after 1960, worked mainly on the line of his profession economist in the Ministry of Interior.
Terry Durham was an internationally known abstract and figurative artist and poet who had exhibitions throughout the world.
 Terry was born on 24 September 1936 in East Ardsley, West Yorkshire, where he spent his formative years and died on the 6th December 2013 in the town of Alora, Andalucia, Spain.
 Mostly self-taught, he studied and was greatly inspired by the works of Paul Klee and a wide range of other European artists such as Picasso, Gauguin, and Matisse.
 He attended the Leeds College of Art before pursuing painting as his profession.
Terrence "Terry" John Daniher (born 15 August 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the South Melbourne and Essendon Football Clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 Terry was also an assistant coach for the Essendon, Collingwood, St Kilda and Carlton Football Clubs.
 Terry's brothers, Neale, Anthony and Chris, also played for Essendon in the AFL.
 He is a member of the Australian Football Hall of Fame and the Wagga Wagga Sporting Hall of Fame and is a Champion of Essendon.
 Terry is currently the owner of Terry Daniher Cleaning Services, a cleaning company based in Melbourne.
