This chronological list of managers of Aston Villa Football Club comprises all those who have held the position of secretary or manager of the first team of Aston Villa since the formation of the club in 1874.
 From 1874 to 1934, the team was selected by a committee whose secretary had the same powers and role as a manager has today.
 There were two secretaries during this period, George Ramsay and W. J. Smith.
 The most successful person to manage the club was George Ramsay, who won six FA Cups and six First Division championships in his 42-year reign as secretary.
 Jimmy McMullan became the first full-time manager in 1934.
 Aston Villa were the first top-tier club to appoint a manager from outside the United Kingdom or Ireland when Jozef Vengloš was appointed in 1990.
Gershom Cox (September 1863 – November 1918) was an English professional footballer who played as a full-back for Aston Villa from 1888 to 1893.
 He made 102 first-team appearances for Aston Villa in all competitions.
 After his years at Aston Villa he went as Player/Coach for Gravesend in Kent.
Aston Villa Football Club ( ; nicknamed Villa, The Villa, The Villans and The Lions) is a professional football club in Aston, Birmingham, that plays in the Championship, the second level of English football.
 Founded in 1874, they have played at their current home ground, Villa Park, since 1897.
 Aston Villa were one of the founder members of the Football League in 1888 and of the Premier League in 1992.
This is a list of seasons played by Aston Villa Football Club in English and European football, from 1879 (the year of the club's first FA Cup entry) to the most recent completed season.
 Aston Villa football club was founded in March, 1874, by members of the Villa Cross Wesleyan Chapel in Aston.
 Throughout the 1870s Aston Villa played a small amount of games.
 At least one game, against Aston Brook St Mary's was played with one half under Rugby rules and the other under football rules.
 In the 1880s the game became more formalised and in 1888, William McGregor formed the Football League with 11 other clubs.
Gary Gardner (born 29 June 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Barnsley on loan from Aston Villa.
 A product of the Aston Villa Academy, Gardner has spent brief loan spells at Coventry City, Sheffield Wednesday, Brighton & Hove Albion and Nottingham Forest.
 He has made a number of appearances at different international levels for England.
 He is the younger brother of current Birmingham City midfielder and former Aston Villa team-mate Craig Gardner.
Earl Delisser Barrett (born 28 April 1967) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League and Premier League for Manchester City, Chester City, Oldham Athletic, Aston Villa, Everton, Sheffield United and Sheffield Wednesday.
 He played mainly at right back though could also adapt to a central defensive role.
 He also gained three England caps while playing at Oldham and Aston Villa.
 The £1.7m Aston Villa paid for him in February 1992 remains, as of 2014, Oldham Athletic's record transfer receipt.
The 1996 Football League Cup Final took place on 24 March 1996 at Wembley Stadium and was contested between Aston Villa and Leeds United.
 This was the 35th final and the 29th to be played at Wembley.
 Aston Villa had won the trophy two years earlier, while Leeds' last victory was in their only final appearance in 1968.
'My Old Man Said (MOMS)'" "is the name of the online publication and Aston Villa F.C. supporters' group.
 MOMS was formed in 2011 from the ashes of the supporter protest against the controversial appointment of Aston Villa F.C. manager Alex McLeish.
 The group and site takes its name from the Aston Villa supporters' song My Old Man.
The Aston Villa Under-23, formerly Aston Villa Under-21 and Aston Villa Reserves, are the most senior youth development team of Aston Villa and compete in Premier League 2 (Division 2) of the Professional Development League and the Premier League International Cup in the 2016–17 season.
 The team were part of the FA Premier Reserve League since its foundation in 1999 and were winners of the 2011-12 Premier Reserve League South title, the last in that format.
 The team plays its home games at Villa Park and Bescot Stadium (home of Walsall F.C.).
 Aston Villa also have an academy side that competes in the Under-18 division of the Professional Development League and the FA Youth Cup annually.
Mervyn Day (born 26 June 1955 in Chelmsford, Essex) is a former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a goalkeeper for West Ham United, Leyton Orient, Aston Villa, Leeds United, Luton Town, Sheffield United and Carlisle United.
 He later managed Carlisle United.
 He was formerly chief scout at Leeds United.
