University for International Integration of the Afro-Brazilian Lusophony
The Islamization of Albania occurred as a result of the Ottoman conquest of Albania during the late 14th century.
 The Ottomans through their administration and military brought Islam to Albania through various polices and tax incentives, trade networks and transnational religious links.
 In the first few centuries of Ottoman rule, the spread of Islam in Albania was slow and mainly intensified during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries due in part to greater Ottoman societal and military integration, geo-political factors and collapse of church structures.
 It was one of the most significant developments in Albanian history as Albanians in Albania went from being a largely Christian (Catholic and Orthodox) population to one that is mainly Muslim (Sunni, Bektashi and some other sects), while retaining significant ethnic Albanian Christian minorities in certain regions.
 The resulting situation where Sunni Islam was the largest faith in the Albanian ethnolinguistic area but other faiths were also present in a regional patchwork played a major influence in shaping the political development of Albania in the late Ottoman period.
 Apart from religious changes, conversion to Islam also brought about other social and cultural transformations that have shaped and influenced Albanians and Albanian culture.
Klara Buda is an Albanian American journalist and writer.
 She is the former head of the Albanian Department of Radio France Internationale (RFI), which she left in 2010.
 Buda has also worked for UNESCO and the BBC.
 She is of French nationality and Albanian ethnicity.
 Buda writes prose, poetry, fiction and TV plays.
Gary Mekikian is an American entrepreneur and investor who is the co-founder and CEO of M&M Media Inc., a Los Angeles-based media technology company.
 Prior to M&M Media, Mekikian also co-founded International Integration, Inc. also known as i-Cube; answerfriend, Inc., which became Inquira; and GATeIC, Inc.
The Association to Unite the Democracies (AUD), is an organization seeking closer cooperation and integration among the world's democratic states.
 AUD was founded in 1939 by Clarence Streit, New York Times correspondent at the League of Nations and author of "Union Now".
 It was initially known as the Inter-Democracy Federal Unionists before being renamed Federal Union, Inc. in 1940.
 The organization's efforts were embraced by Supreme Court Justice Owen Roberts, with figures including Harold L. Ickes and John Foster Dulles also endorsing Streit's proposal for a "Union of free peoples."
 Federal Union's ideas received a boost with the 1949 founding of the Roberts-chaired Atlantic Union Committee, which pressured Congress to pursue a federation of democracies and on whose board Streit sat.
 Receiving its present name in 1985, AUD has largely been succeeded by two affiliated organizations, the Streit Council and the Ashburn Institute.
 It is currently the sponsor of the Mayme and Herb Frank Scholarship Program funded by the Frank Educational Trust, offering financial assistance for graduate research on international integration and global federalism.
Ferbent Shehu (January 10, 1933 – February 8, 2011) was an Albanian dancer and choreographer.
 He was born in the small southern Albanian town of Berat to a wealthy family.
 When the Communist regime came to power, part of his family was persecuted and their properties were taken by the state.
 He first started his career in Dance in 1949 when the Berat's Boys and Girls Dancing group was first found.
 In 1957 he also started working as a professional choreographer and dancer.
 His long career was the scene of many professional achievements in national competitions and he won several trophies.
 In 2006 his group of dancers competed in Florence, Italy and came before groups from many other countries such as Spain, Austria, Germany, France...etc.
Will Counts (Ira Wilmer Counts Jr.; August 24, 1931—October 6, 2001) was an American photojournalist most renowned for drawing the nation's attention to the desegregation crisis that was happening at Arkansas' Central High School (Little Rock Central High School) in 1957.
 Documenting the integration effort in the 1950s, he captured the harassment and violence that African Americans in the South were facing at this time.
Uri Dadush is a non-resident scholar at Bruegel, based in Washington, DC and a Senior Fellow at the OCP Policy Center in Rabat, Morocco.
 He is also Principal of Economic Policy International, LLC, providing consulting services to the World Bank and to other international organizations, as well as corporations.
 He teaches courses on globalization and on international trade policy at the OCP Policy School and at the School of Public Policy at the University of Maryland.
 Dadush works mainly on trends in the global economy and on how countries deal with the challenge of international integration through flows of trade, finance, and migration.
 His recent books include "WTO Accessions and Trade Multilateralism" (with Chiedu Osakwe, co-editor), "Juggernaut: How Emerging Markets Are Transforming Globalization" (with William Shaw), "Inequality in America" (with Kemal Dervis and others), "Currency Wars" (with Vera Eidelman, co-editor) and "Paradigm Lost: The Euro in Crisis".
Campbell Russell “Cam” Harvey (born June 23, 1958) is a Canadian economist, known for his work on asset allocation with changing risk and risk premiums and emerging markets finance.
 He is currently the J. Paul Sticht Professor of International Business at Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business in Durham, NC, as well as a research associate with the National Bureau of Economic Research in Cambridge, MA.
 He is also a research associate with the Institute of International Integration Studies at Trinity College in Dublin and a visiting researcher at University of Oxford.
Dr. Swayambar Prasad Sudrania (Hindi: डॉ.स्वयंबर प्रसाद सुद्रानिया ) is a former senior consultant and professor in paediatrics at SMS Medical College Jaipur, Rajasthan.
 He is well-known and quoted for his work in electrocrygram, dermatoglyphics and oral rehydration solution.
 He was awarded Vikas Ratna in 2000-2001 by the International Integration and Growth Society for his contribution towards development of medical sciences.
 He is also Nahar Samman winner of 1996-97 awarded by the Rajasthan Welfare Association.
