To Seek a Newer World is a 1967 book written by Robert Kennedy, in which he outlines his analysis on issues such as the war in Vietnam, nuclear power, welfare, and other issues.
 In response to the publication, "New York Times" critic Eliot Fremont-Smith stated, ""To Seek a Newer World" is addressed essentially-and in this reviewer's opinion, thoughtfully and constructively-to the double crisis of conscience and confidence which may be the common root of most of the major issues that now confront us".
 The book also was praised by the "Christian Science Monitor".
The Concord Monitor is the daily newspaper for Concord, the state capital of New Hampshire.
 It also covers surrounding towns in Merrimack, most of Belknap county, as well as portions of Grafton, Rockingham and Hillsborough counties.
 The "Monitor" has several times been named as one of the best small papers in America and in April 2008, the "Monitor" became a Pulitzer Prize winning paper, when photographer Preston Gannaway was honored for feature photography.
Monitor Deloitte is the multinational strategy consulting practice of Deloitte Consulting LLP.
 Monitor Deloitte specializes in providing strategy consultation services to the senior management of major organizations and governments.
 It helps its clients address a variety of management areas, including: Corporate & Business Unit Strategy, Digital Strategy, Demand Analytics, Innovation, Organization and Leadership, Economic Development and Security, Marketing, Pricing & Profitability.
Essential Information publishes a monthly magazine (the Multinational Monitor), books and reports, sponsors investigative journalism conferences, provides writers with grants to pursue investigations and operate clearing houses which disseminate information to grassroots organizations in the United States and the Third World.
 The news website Republic Report is a project of Essential Information.
Adult Alternative Songs, also known as Triple A, is a record chart currently published by "Billboard" that ranks the most popular songs on adult album alternative radio stations.
 The 30-position chart is formulated based on each song's weekly radio spins, as measured by Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems.
 The earliest incarnation of the chart was first published on January 20, 1996 as a feature in "Billboard" sister publication "Airplay Monitor".
 In 2006, "Airplay Monitor" ceased publication after "Billboard" parent company VNU Media's acquisition of rival radio trade magazine "Radio & Records", which then subsequently incorporated "Airplay Monitor"' s Nielsen-based Triple A chart.
The Multinational Monitor was a bimonthly magazine founded by Ralph Nader in 1980.
 It was published by Essential Information.
 The magazine was formerly published on a monthly basis.
 Although its primary focus was on analysis of corporations, it also published articles on labor issues and occupational safety and health, the environment, globalization, privatization, the global economy, and developing nations.
The Monitor was a biweekly English language newspaper published in Sydney, New South Wales and founded in 1826.
 It is one of the earlier newspapers in the colony commencing publication twenty three years after the Sydney Gazette, the first paper to appear in 1803, and more than seventy years before the federation of Australia.
 "The Monitor" changed name several times, subsequently being known as "The Sydney Monitor" and "Sydney Monitor and Commercial Advertiser".
The Iiyama Vision Master Pro 17 computer monitor was manufactured by Iiyama, a high-end manufacturer of LCD and CRT monitors.
 This CRT monitor was manufactured in the 1990s, and has been discontinued.
 For a year from April 1997 to April 1998, this monitor was at the top of PCWorld's chart as a Best Buy.
 According to PC Pro magazine, it dominated the UK monitor market at around that period.
Muhammad al-Ahari is a widely published writer.
 He has published more than60sixty articles in Muslim American magazines and journals including the "Message", the "Minaret", Islamsko Misao, "Islamic Horizons", "Indian Times", "Fountain Magazine", "al-Basheer", "New Era", "Svijest", "Muslim Journal", "Muslim Prison Brotherhood Newsletter", "al-Talib", "The Light", "Moorish Science Monitor", and "Amexem Times and Seasons".
 Muhammed served as the editor for the following publications: Meditations from the Bilali Muhammad Research Society (Charleston, S.C., 1988), the "Moorish Science Monitor" from the Moorish Orthodox Church (two issues -- the Poetry Issue 2004 and the Circle Seven Commentary issue 2005), and the ICCGC Newsletter at the Islamic Cultural Center in Northbrook, Illinois (two issues in 2011 and still editor).
Billboard Radio Monitor was a weekly music trade publication that followed the radio industry and tracked the monitoring of current songs by format, station and audience cumes.
 The magazine was a spinoff of "Billboard magazine" and was mostly available through subscription to people who work in the radio industry as well as music chart enthusiasts.
 It was developed in Columbia, Maryland, initially by Alan Smith and Jonas Cash, principals of the music company called AIR.
 AIR created music listening competitions for radio programmers in five different musical genres and were looking for a "qualifier" for the contests.
 The contests involved testing new songs' potential by having radio programmers listen to and respond to each song's hit potential using a national chart as the qualifier.
 After using Radio and Records chart for the first 10 years of the competition, AIR developed the BAM, and went into partnership with "Billboard Magazine" to produce and market the magazine.
 As members of the Board of Directors, the AIR principals continued to improve its features over the next eight years under the new name of "Billboard Radio Monitor".
