Zhangye Railway Station is located 6.4 km north east of Zhangye, Gansu.
 It handles about 49 passenger services per day along the Lanzhou–Xinjiang Railway as well as being a major freight depot.
The Gansu Zhangye National Geopark (, herein, the ″Zhangye National Geopark″), is located in Sunan and Linze counties within the prefecture-level city of Zhangye.
 It covers an area of 322 km2 .
 The site became a quasi-national geopark on April 23, 2012 (provisional name: Gansu Zhangye Danxia Geopark).
 It was formally designated as ″Gansu Zhangye National Geopark″ by the Ministry of Land and Resources on June 16, 2016 after it has passed the on-site acceptance test.
 Known for its colorful rock formations, it has been voted by Chinese media outlets as one of the most beautiful landforms in China.
Nan'an () is a county-level city of southern Fujian province, People's Republic of China.
 It is under the administration of Quanzhou City and as of 2010, had a total population of 1,500,000.
 More than 3,000,000 overseas Chinese trace their ancestry to Nan'an.
Zhangye Ganzhou Airport (IATA: YZY, ICAO: ZLZY) , or Zhangye Southeast Air Base, is a dual-use military and civil airport serving the city of Zhangye in Gansu Province, China.
 It is located 24 kilometers from the city center.
 Construction began in May 2010 to convert the air base to a dual-use airport, at an estimated cost of 313 million yuan.
 The airport was opened on 1 November 2011.
Nan (Thai: น่าน ,  ] ) is a town in northern Thailand.
 It is 668 km north of Bangkok.
 It is in the centre of Nan Province which bears its name, and of which it is the former administrative capital.
 It covers the whole "tambon" Nai Wiang and parts of "tambon" Pha Sing of Mueang Nan district, an area of 7.60 km².
 In 2010 it had a population of 21,333.
 It is subdivided into 30 "chumchon".
 It is spread along the Nan River's right bank.
 Nan is a small city, primarily devoted to commercial, administrative, educational, and hospital activities.
 The old heart of the city, where Wat Phumin, the national museum and other tourist attractions are located, is being restored.
 The city's industrial and tourist development remains limited until now, but should be improved by the complete opening of the border towards Laos and beyond towards China.
Nan'an Experimental Middle School is a junior high school in Nan'an, Fujian province in China.
The Rally China (中國拉力賽) is the largest rally racing event held in China.
 The first event was run as the "China Rally" in 1997 in the province of Guangdong, as a replacement to the Hong Kong - Beijing Rally, and was an event on the World Rally Championship (WRC) calendar in 1999.
 However it was replaced by the Cyprus Rally the following year.
 From 2000 to 2015, it has been part of the Asia Pacific Rally Championship (APRC), moving initially to Shaoguan, Fujian province. "
"Force majeure because of government"", according to the organisers, led to the cancellation of the event in 2003.
 The event moved for a single year to Huizhou, Guangdong in 2004 before reverting to Shaoguan.
 From 2009 until 2015, the event was hosted in Longyou, Zhejiang province.
 The event will return to the WRC calendar in 2016 after moving to Huairou, Beijing.
 China will continue to host a round of the Asia-Pacific Rally Championship in Zhangye, Gansu in 2016 too, while Longyou will continue to host a round of the Chinese Rally Championship.
Fujian Medical University () is a university located in Fuzhou, Fujian, China.
 Fujian Medical University was founded in1937, named Fujian Provincial Medical Vocational School at that time.
 The name of the school was changed to Fujian Provincial Medical College in 1939 and was called Fujian Medical College in 1949.
 In 1969, after merging with Fujian Chinese Traditional Medical College and the medical department of Huaqiao University, Fujian Medical University was founded and moved to Quanzhou, Fujian.
 It was moved back to Fuzhou in 1978.
 The name of the school was changed back to Fujian Medical College in 1982 and then changed back to the present name in April 1996.
Zhangye West Railway Station () is a railway station located in China's Gansu Province, Zhangye City, Ganzhou District.
 It was put into operation on December 26, 2014.
 It serves the Lanzhou–Xinjiang High-Speed Railway with High Speed services between Lanzhou and Urumqi and conventional services connecting Urumqi to various cities in Eastern and South Western China.
 It is the second railway station serving Zhangye, with Zhangye Railway Station which serves the conventional LanXin Railway.
The Nan'ao General Headquarters (南澳总兵府) is located in Nan'ao County, Shantou, Guangdong province, China.
 It served as a military center for coastal defense of Guangdong, Fujian province, and Taiwan.
 Now the Headquarters is used as a museum of coast defense.
