The Smoke is a British drama that debuted on Sky1 on 20 February 2014.
 The show is written by Lucy Kirkwood and stars Jamie Bamber, Taron Egerton, Jodie Whittaker and Rhashan Stone.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle is a 2017 action spy comedy film produced and directed by Matthew Vaughn and written by Vaughn and Jane Goldman.
 It is a sequel to "" (2014), which is based on the comic book series "Kingsman", created by Dave Gibbons and Mark Millar.
 The film features Colin Firth, Taron Egerton, Mark Strong, Edward Holcroft, Sophie Cookson, and Hanna Alström reprising their roles from the first film, with Julianne Moore, Halle Berry, Pedro Pascal, Elton John, Channing Tatum, and Jeff Bridges joining the cast.
 The plot follows the members of Kingsman needing to team up with their American counterpart, Statesman, after the world is held hostage by a new threat.
The Empire Award for Best Male Newcomer is an Empire Award presented annually by the British film magazine "Empire" to honor an actor who has delivered a breakthrough performance while working within the film industry.
 The Empire Award for Best Male Newcomer is one of two ongoing awards which were first introduced at the 17th Empire Awards ceremony in 2012 (along with Best Female Newcomer) with Tom Hiddleston receiving the award for his role in "Thor".
 Taron Egerton is the most recent winner in this category for his role in "".
 Winners are voted by the readers of "Empire" magazine.
Eddie the Eagle is a 2016 biographical sports comedy-drama film directed by Dexter Fletcher.
 The film stars Taron Egerton as Eddie Edwards, a British skier who in 1988 became the first competitor to represent Great Britain in Olympic ski jumping since 1929.
 Hugh Jackman, Christopher Walken, Iris Berben and Jim Broadbent co-star.
 The film had its world premiere at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival on 26 January 2016.
Robin Hood is an upcoming American action-adventure film directed by Otto Bathurst and written by Joby Harold, Peter Craig, and David James Kelly based on the tale of Robin Hood.
 The film stars Taron Egerton, Jamie Foxx, Eve Hewson, Ben Mendelsohn, Jamie Dornan, Tim Minchin, Björn Bengtsson, and Paul Anderson.
 It will be released by Lionsgate's Summit Entertainment in all IMAX theatres on September 21, 2018.
Kingsman: The Secret Service is a 2014 action spy comedy film directed and co-produced by Matthew Vaughn.
 The screenplay was written by Vaughn and Jane Goldman, based on the comic book series "Kingsman", created by Dave Gibbons and Mark Millar.
 It follows the recruitment and training of Gary "Eggsy" Unwin (Taron Egerton), into a secret spy organisation.
 Eggsy joins a mission to tackle a global threat from Richmond Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson), a wealthy megalomaniac.
 The film also stars Colin Firth, Mark Strong, and Michael Caine.
Billionaire Boys Club is an upcoming American biographical crime-drama film directed by James Cox and co-written with Captain Mauzner.
 The film stars Ansel Elgort, Taron Egerton, Kevin Spacey, Jeremy Irvine, Cary Elwes, Emma Roberts, Suki Waterhouse, Judd Nelson and Billie Lourd.
 Principal photography began on December 7, 2015 in New Orleans.
Taron David Egerton (born 10 November 1989) is a Welsh actor.
 He is known for his roles in the British television series "The Smoke" and the 2014 action comedy film "".
 He has also played Edward Brittain in the 2014 drama film "Testament of Youth", appeared in the 2015 crime thriller film "Legend", starred as Eddie "The Eagle" Edwards in the 2016 biographical film "Eddie the Eagle", voiced Johnny in the 2016 animated musical film "Sing", and reprised his role in the 2017 sequel "".
 His upcoming films include "Billionaire Boys Club" and "Robin Hood".
Sing is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical comedy film produced by Illumination Entertainment.
 It was directed and written by Garth Jennings, co-directed by Christophe Lourdelet, and starring the voices of Matthew McConaughey, Reese Witherspoon, Seth MacFarlane, Scarlett Johansson, John C. Reilly, Taron Egerton, and Tori Kelly.
 The film is about a group of anthropomorphic animals that enter a singing competition, hosted by a koala hoping to save his theater.
Kingsman is a British-American media franchise focused on the fictional organisation "Kingsman", which originally appeared in a UK-made spy action-comedy comic book series written by Mark Millar and Dave Gibbons, colored by Angus McKie, edited by Nicole Wiley Boose, published by Icon Comics, an imprint of American published Marvel Comics.
 Volume 1 of this series, released in 2012, deals with a super-spy recruiting his young nephew to the secret service, channeling the classic James Bond films, and other spy thrillers.
 The first volume of the series was originally known simply as The Secret Service and was rebranded to tie-in with the The comic series is set in Mark Millar's shared universe, the "Millarverse"; with the celebrity kidnappings taking place in "Kingsman" Vol.
 1 being referenced in "Kick-Ass 3" #8.
 A stand-alone sequel set in both the continuity of the original comic and that of the film series, subtitled "The Big Exit", was released in the September/October 2017 issue of "Playboy Magazine", by Rob Williams with art from Ozgur Yildirim.
 The second volume of "Kingsman", subtitled "The Red Diamond", was released through Image Comics in September 2017.
 A feature film loosely based on "The Secret Service", directed by Matthew Vaughn and co-written by Jane Goldman, was released in February 2015.
 The film stars Colin Firth, Taron Egerton, Michael Caine, Samuel L. Jackson, Mark Strong, Sophie Cookson, Sofia Boutella, Jack Davenport, and Mark Hamill.
 A sequel to this film, subtitled "", was released in September 2017.
