Zymer Bytyqi (born 11 September 1996) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a winger for Viking.
 He previously played for Sandnes Ulf and Red Bull Salzburg, and became the youngest player that has ever played in the Norwegian top league when he made his first-team debut in 2012 (the record has since been broken by Martin Ødegaard).
 Bytyqi, who is of Albanian descent, has represented Norway at youth international level and Kosovo at a senior international level.
Christian Mate Pulisic (Croatian: "Kristijan Mate Pulišić" ] ; born September 18, 1998) is an American professional soccer player who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Borussia Dortmund in the German Bundesliga as well as the United States national team.
 Pulisic is considered by many to be the top American soccer prospect, and is the youngest player to represent the senior national team in a FIFA World Cup qualifier.
 His rapid rise with the U.S. youth national teams has been mirrored by his rapid rise through the Borussia Dortmund academy, where he played just 15 games before being brought into the first team during the 2015–16 winter break.
Bjørn Helge Semundseth Riise (born 21 June 1983 in Ålesund) is a Norwegian professional footballer.
 He currently plays for Aalesund.
 Riise plays either a central midfielder or a right winger, and has earned 35 international caps for Norway.
 He played for Fulham of the Premier League from July 2009 to August 2012.
 He is the younger brother of former Liverpool and Fulham player John Arne Riise, also a Norwegian international.
Markus Henriksen (born 25 July 1992) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Championship club Hull City.
Luke Myers James (born 4 November 1994) is an English footballer who plays for Forest Green Rovers as an attacking midfielder or a striker.
 Previously playing at Hartlepool United, he currently holds the record of being the youngest player to ever score a league goal for Hartlepool United, at the age of 17 years and 64 days.
Christian Dannemann Eriksen (born 14 February 1992) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for English club Tottenham Hotspur and the Denmark national team.
 He made his debut for the Denmark national team in March 2010, and was the youngest player of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa.
Anders Ågnes Konradsen (born 18 July 1990) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Rosenborg in the Norwegian Tippeligaen.
 He has previously played for the Norwegian clubs Bodø/Glimt and Strømsgodset, and the French club Rennes.
 He was a part of the Norwegian team that played in the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, and has also been capped for Norway at senior level.
Frode Eike Hansen (born September 4, 1972 in Stavanger), is a former Norwegian professional footballer who played for Mosterøy, Vidar, Viking and Lyn.
 Hansen was above all a determined player and a strong tackler who gained a reputation as a no nonsense defender.
 He made his debut in the Norwegian Premier League for Viking in 1998, playing a total of 163 games in the Norwegian top flight for Viking and Lyn.
 His most notable achievements were the UEFA Cup first round matches against Sporting Lisboa in 1999, where Viking won 3-1 on aggregate.
Martin Ødegaard (] ; born 17 December 1998) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Dutch club SC Heerenveen, on loan from Real Madrid, and the Norway national team.
Espen Hoff (born 20 November 1981 in Larvik) is a retierd Norwegian professional footballer.
 He is primarily a winger, but may also play as an attacking midfielder, whilst at Lyn he occasionally featured on the left wing.
