Personal Preference is a 1987 board game created by Donal Carlston that involves guessing the order in which a player prefers foods, activities, people, and other items compared to one another.
 The game was published by Brøderbund Games in the United States, Playtoy Industries in Canada, and Parker Brothers International in Britain.
The sex-positive movement is a social movement which promotes and embraces sexuality and sexual expression, with an emphasis on safe sex and the importance of consent.
 Sex-positivity is "an attitude towards human sexuality that regards all consensual sexual activities as fundamentally healthy and pleasurable, encouraging sexual pleasure and experimentation".
 The sex-positive movement is a social and philosophical movement that advocates these attitudes.
 The sex-positive movement also advocates sex education and safer sex as part of its campaign".
 Part of its original use was in an effort to get rid of the frightening connotation that the term 'positive' had during the height of the AIDS epidemic.
 The movement generally makes no moral distinctions among types of sexual activities, regarding these choices as matters of personal preference.
Song Ji-hyo's Beauty View (), is a South Korean television program on JTBC2 hosted by Song Ji-hyo, Gong Myung and beauty editor Kim Mi Gu.
 The show provides a perfect beauty guide to match the personal preference.
 It was used to air on every Thursday at 9.20pm KST on JTBC2.
Fishing rod tapers describe how much a fishing rod bends or flexes under pressure.
 Different tapers are used for different fishing scenarios as well as for personal preference.
The pie floater (also known as a floater and a pea floater), is an Australian dish particularly common in Adelaide and, to a lesser degree, Sydney.
 It commonly consists of a traditional Australian-style meat pie, usually sitting, but sometimes submerged (sometimes upside down) in a bowl of thick pea soup made from Blue boiler peas .
 It is usually garnished with tomato sauce, and the consumer may also add mint sauce, salt, pepper and/or malt vinegar to personal preference.
 The pie floater is usually purchased in the street from pie-carts as a late evening meal.
Crab traps are used to bait, lure, and catch crabs for commercial or recreational use.
 Crabbing or crab fishing is the recreational hobby and commercial occupation of fishing for crabs.
 Different types of traps are used depending on the type of crab being fished for, geographic location, and personal preference.
Sexual racism is the "sexual rejection of the racial minority, the conscious attempt on the part of the majority to prevent interracial cohabitation."
 It is the discrimination between potential sexual or romantic partners on the basis of perceived racial identity.
 However, not everyone agrees that this should be classified as racism, some argue that distinguishing among partners on the basis of perceived race is not racism at all but a justifiable personal preference.
 The origins of sexual racism can be explained by looking at its history, especially in the USA, where the abolition of slavery and the Reconstruction Era had significant impacts on interracial mixing.
 Attitudes towards interracial relationships, and indeed marriage, have increased in positivity in the last 50 years.
 In 1968, 73% of US citizens disapproved of the right to marry inter-racially, whereas this figure dropped to 17% by 2007, this illustrating the reduction in discriminatory attitudes towards interracial dating.
 Irrespective of this, there still remains the issue of sexual racism in the online dating world, in that preferences appear to follow a racial hierarchy.
 The exclusion of races dissimilar to one's own is a main feature of sexual racism, however a reluctance to date inter-racially predominantly spans from the discriminatory views often possessed by those in society, as opposed to purely a same-race individual preference.
 Moreover, this racial discrimination also deviates into the form of the sexual dehumanisation of individuals of other racial identities.
 Sharing the basic premise, originating from the 'taboo' nature of interracial relations, individuals of other racial groups are classified as forbidden sexual objects; the result of a racial fetish.
 This sexualised reductionism is, concurrently, a form of sexual racism.
Jianbing () is a traditional Chinese street food similar to crepes.
 It is a type of "bing" generally eaten for breakfast and hailed as "one of the China's most popular street breakfasts."
 The main ingredients of jianbing are a batter of wheat and grain flour, eggs and sauces.
 It can be topped with different fillings and sauces such as "buocui" (薄脆 crispy fried cracker), chopped or diced mustard pickles, scallions and coriander, chili sauce or hoisin sauce depending on personal preference.
 It is often folded several times before serving.
Spiritual wifery is a term first used in America by the Immortalists in and near the Blackstone Valley of Rhode Island and Massachusetts in the 1740s.
 The term describes the idea that certain people are divinely destined to meet and share their love (at differing points along the carnal-spiritual spectrum, depending on the particular religious movement involved) after a receiving a spiritual confirmation, and regardless of previous "civil" marital bonds.
 Its history in Europe among various Christian primitivistic movements has been well documented.
 The followers of Jacob Cochran as early as 1818 used "spiritual wifery" to describe their religious doctrine of free love.
 Often confused with polygamy, spiritual wifery among the Cochranites was the practice in which communal mates were temporarily assigned and reassigned, either by personal preference or religious authority.
Personal Taste (; lit.
 "Kae-in's Taste" or "Kae-in's Preference"; also known as Personal Preference) is a 2010 South Korean television series, starring Son Ye-jin and Lee Min-ho.
 It is adapted from Lee Se-in's 2007 novel of the same name about a furniture designer, Park Kae-in, who lives together with architect Jeon Jin-ho under the mistaken assumption that he's gay.
 It aired on MBC from March 31 to May 20, 2010 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.
