The Apostolic Bible Polyglot (ABP), originally published in 2003 is a Bible translation by Charles VanderPool.
 The ABP is an English translation with a Greek interlinear gloss and is keyed to a concordance.
 The numbering system, called "AB-Strong's", is a modified version of Strong's concordance, which was designed only to handle the traditional Hebrew Masoretic Text of the Old Testament, and the Greek text of the New Testament.
 Strong's concordance doesn't have numbering for the Greek O.T.
 The ABP utilizes a Greek Septuagint base for the O.T. and, therefore, required a modified system.
 The numbers and the Greek word appear immediately above the English translation instead of side-by-side, as is common in many interlinears.
Despair (Russian: "Отчаяние" , or "Otchayanie ") is the seventh novel by Vladimir Nabokov, originally published in Russian, serially in the politicized literary journal "Sovremennye zapiski" during 1934.
 It was then published as a book in 1936, and translated to English by the author in 1937.
 Most copies of the 1937 English edition were destroyed by German bombs during World War II; only a few copies remain.
 Nabokov published a second English translation in 1965; this is now the only English translation in print.
Tutunamayanlar (lit.
 "the ones who cannot hold on"; in Eng.
 "The Disconnected") is the first novel of Oguz Atay, one of the most prominent Turkish authors.
 It was written in 1970-71 and published in 1972.
 Although it was never reprinted in his lifetime and was controversial among critics, it has become a best-seller since a new edition came out in 1984.
 It has been described as “probably the most eminent novel of twentieth-century Turkish literature”.
 This reference is due to a UNESCO survey, which goes on: “it poses an earnest challenge to even the most skilled translator with its kaleidoscope of colloquialisms and sheer size.”
 Two translation has been published thus far, into Dutch, as "Het leven in stukken" (Life in pieces), and into German, as "Die Haltlosen"(usually "unstable", "unsupported", but here a literal translation of the Turkish).
An English translation by Sevin Seydi, as "The Disconnected", has been published by Olric Press in 2017 (ISBN  ).
The novel teases the well-established norms of the Turkish bourgeois world by a style which only "the disconnected" could empathize with.
 And in 2012, first edition of the book is being sold for pretty expensive prices up to almost 1000 lira (~430 €)
Scream, the debut English album by German band Tokio Hotel, contains English versions of songs from two of their previous albums: "Schrei" and "Zimmer 483".
 Eight of the twelve songs come from "Zimmer 483" while the remaining four originated from "Schrei".
 The name "Scream" is the English translation of the name of the first Tokio Hotel album, "Schrei".
 In German-speaking countries, the album was released as "Room 483" - the English translation of their second album's name ("Zimmer 483").
 The first single released from the album was simply called "Monsoon" - not "Through the Monsoon" (the literal translation of the original, "Durch den Monsun").
The 13⁄ Lives of Captain Bluebear is a 1999 fantasy novel by German writer and cartoonist Walter Moers which details the numerous lives of a human-sized bear with blue fur.
 The captain's name is originally a pun in German, based upon the fact that the German words for "bears" ("Bären") and "berries" (Beeren) sound very much alike, whereas "Blaubeere" (lit.
 "blueberry") is actually the German word for bilberry (a number of other German cartoonists have made similar puns relating to bear names in their stories, including Rötger Feldmann aka Brösel), that a typical sailorish sailor is called an (old) "seabear", and that sailors are prejudiced to be quite often "blue", i.e. drunk.
 The novel was originally written in German, an English translation was published in the United Kingdom in 2000 and in the United States in 2005, an Italian translation in 2000, a Chinese translation in 2002, and a French translation in 2005.
 The novel attained considerable popularity in Germany and the United Kingdom while experiencing relative obscurity in the United States.
Beaufort (English translation of "אם יש גן עדן"; in Hebrew: If There's a Heaven) is the first novel by Israeli author and media professional Ron Leshem.
 The work was initially published in 2005 and in English translation under this title in 2007.
 The novel was the basis for the 2007 Academy Award-nominated film "Beaufort".
John Ormsby (1829–1895) was a nineteenth-century British translator.
 He is most famous for his 1885 English translation of Miguel de Cervantes' "Don Quixote de la Mancha", perhaps the most scholarly and accurate English translation of the novel up to that time.
 It is so precise that Samuel Putnam, who published his own English translation of the novel in 1949, faults Ormsby for duplicating Cervantes' pronouns so closely that the meaning of the sentences sometimes becomes confusing.
The Emphatic Diaglott is a diaglot, or two-language polyglot translation, of the New Testament by Benjamin Wilson, first published in 1864.
 It is an interlinear translation with the original Greek text and a word-for-word English translation in the left column, and a full English translation in the right column.
 It is based on the interlinear translation, the renderings of eminent critics, and various readings of the Vatican Manuscript.
 It includes illustrative and explanatory footnotes, references, and an alphabetical appendix.
Gerbrand Bakker (born 28 April 1962) is a Dutch writer.
 He won the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award for "The Twin", the English translation of his novel "Boven is het stil", and the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize for "The Detour", the English translation of his novel "De omweg".
The Tyndale Bible generally refers to the body of biblical translations by William Tyndale (  1494–1536 ).
 Tyndale's Bible is credited with being the first English translation to work directly from Hebrew and Greek texts.
 Furthermore, it was the first English biblical translation that was mass-produced as a result of new advances in the art of printing.
 The term "Tyndale's Bible" is not strictly correct, because Tyndale never published a complete Bible.
 That task was completed by Miles Coverdale who supplemented Tyndale's translations with his own to produce the first complete printed bible in English in 1535.
 Prior to his execution Tyndale had only finished translating the entire New Testament and roughly half of the Old Testament.
 Of the latter, the Pentateuch, Jonah and a revised version of the book of Genesis were published during his lifetime.
 His other Old Testament works were first used in the creation of the Matthew Bible and also heavily influenced every major English translation of the Bible that followed.
