The Windy City Bulls are an American professional basketball team of the NBA G League and an affiliate of the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association.
 Based in northwest-suburban Hoffman Estates, Illinois, the team plays their home games at the Sears Centre, 25 miles from Chicago.
 The team became the thirteenth D-League team to be owned by an NBA team.
 The team is coached by Nate Loenser, former video coordinator with the Chicago Bulls.
Lauri Markkanen (born May 22, 1997) is a Finnish basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 In the 2017 NBA draft, he was taken by the Minnesota Timberwolves with the 7th overall pick before being included in a trade to the Chicago Bulls for Jimmy Butler.
 He is the son of Finnish basketball players Pekka and Riikka Markkanen and brothers with the football player Eero Markkanen who plays in the German second-tier side Dynamo Dresden.
Dr. John de Sequeyra (b. 1712 London, d. 1795 Williamsburg, Virginia) was born into a Spanish-Portuguese Jewish family whose ancestors were once court physicians to the Kings and Queens of Spain and Portugal.
 He was the middle son of Dr. Abraham de Sequeira (1665-1747) who was a member of Bevis Marks Synagogue in London.
Larry Haskell Friend (April 14, 1935 – February 27, 1998) was an American National Basketball Association (NBA) player.
 Friend was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois and played basketball at Marshall High School in Chicago.
 However, he moved to Los Angeles, California before his senior year and played basketball at Fairfax High School.
 Friend first played college basketball at Los Angeles City College, where he was named an All-American Junior College.
 He then transferred to the University of California, where he was a three-year starter.
 He averaged 19.1 points per game his senior season and was also named to the AP All-American third team.
 Friend was drafted with the fifth pick in the second round of the 1957 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks.
 In his one season with the Knicks, Friend averaged 4.0 points, 2.4 rebounds, and 1.1 assists per game.
 In 1961-62 Friend returned to professional basketball to play for the Los Angeles Jets in the American Basketball League.
 He appeared in thirty-nine games for the Jets and averaged 11.0 points and 3.7 rebounds per game, while also leading the league in three-point shooting (58-163).
 Due to financial problems, the Jets folded midway through their first season.
 Following his playing career, Friend owned an investment business.
 He died on February 27, 1998 in Newport, California of prostate cancer.
The 2016–17 Miami Heat season was the 29th season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 After a tumultuous negotiation process, Dwyane Wade decided to leave the Heat and sign with the Chicago Bulls in the offseason.
 This was the first season without Wade since the 2003.
 Furthermore, Chris Bosh missed the entire season and had thought about potentially retiring altogether due to his continuous blood clots.
 The team got off to an 11–30 start.
 However the Heat rallied to an 30–11 finish, only to be eliminated all the same on their last game of the season.
 They entered game 82 needing a loss from either the Pacers or the Bulls and a victory over the Wizards.
 However, despite a 110–102 win over the Washington Wizards, both the Pacers and the Bulls won their games.
 The Heat finished tied with the Chicago Bulls with identical 41–41 records but the Bulls won the head-to-head tie breaker against the Heat 2–1.
 As a result, the Heat missed the playoffs for the second time in three years.
 Hassan Whiteside earned praise for being the NBA's leading rebounder after ending his previous season as the leading shot blocker of the NBA.
Viscount Molesworth, of Swords in the County of Dublin, is a title in the Peerage of Ireland.
 It was created in 1716 for Robert Molesworth.
 He was made Baron Philipstown, of Swords in the County of Dublin, at the same time, also in the Peerage of Ireland.
 Molesworth had been invested as member of the Irish Privy Council in 1697, represented Camelford, Lostwithiel, East Retford and Mitchell in the British House of Commons and served as British Ambassador to Denmark.
 His elder son, the second Viscount, notably served as Ambassador to the Kingdom of Sardinia, the Grand Duchy of Tuscany and the Republic of Venice.
 He was succeeded by his younger brother, the third Viscount.
 He was a Field Marshal in the Army.
 On the death of his son, the fourth Viscount, this line of the family failed, and the titles passed to the latter's first cousin, the fifth Viscount.
 He was the eldest son of the Hon. William Molesworth, third son of the first Viscount.
 His son, the sixth Viscount, was a Major-General in the Army, who was lost in the wreck of "Arniston".
 On his death this line of the family also failed and the titles were inherited by his second cousin, the seventh Viscount.
 He was the eldest son of Richard, third son of the Hon. William Molesworth, third son of the first Viscount.
 He was succeeded by his nephew, the eighth Viscount.
 s of 2010 , the titles are held by the latter's great-grandson, the twelfth Viscount, who succeeded his father in 1997.
Pekka Juha Markkanen (born May 28, 1967 in Pori, Finland) is a Finnish former professional basketball player.
 He played 129 caps for the Finland national basketball team.
 Markkanen is the father of Chicago Bulls basketball player Lauri Markkanen and the AIK football player Eero Markkanen.
 His third son Miikka played also basketball before retiring early due to injuries.
 Markkanen's wife Riikka (née Ellonen) was also a basketball player.
Calvin Anthony Duncan (born March 21, 1961) is an American Pastor and retired basketball player.
 Duncan is pastor at the Faith & Family Church in Richmond, Virginia.
 He also played basketball with Oak Hill Academy and the Virginia Commonwealth University Rams.
 He was drafted in the 1985 NBA Draft in the 2nd round with the 30th overall pick by the Chicago Bulls but instead of signing, he joined Athletes in Action, an evangelical Christian traveling team.
Everything I Never Told You is a 2014 debut novel by Celeste Ng.
 It topped Amazon's Best Books of the Year list for 2014.
 The novel is about a mixed-race Chinese-American family whose middle daughter Lydia is found drowned in a lake.
 Ng spent six years writing the novel, going through four different full drafts.
Lady Margaret goes to the woods, and her breaking a branch is questioned by Hind Etin, who takes her with him into the forest.
 She bears him seven sons, but laments that they are never christened, nor she herself churched.
 One day, her oldest son goes hunting with Hind Etin and asks him why his mother always weeps.
 Hind Etin tells him, and then one day goes hunting without him.
 The oldest son takes his mother and brothers and brings them out of the woods.
 In some variants, they are welcomed back; in all, the children are christened, and their mother, churched.
