The Politics of Dancing is a compilation mix album of trance music, mixed by Paul van Dyk and released by Ministry of Sound and its Australian subsidiary in October, 2001.
 It was van Dyk's first released mix album, and was followed by "The Politics of Dancing 2" in 2005.
Out There and Back is the third studio album by Paul van Dyk.
 It was released in 2000 and is the first album released on his own Vandit record label.
 It can be seen as Paul van Dyk's breakthrough album.
 Several editions include a bonus CD.
"Wir sind wir (ein Deutschlandlied)" ("We Are We" (i.e. "We are who we are"), a Germany song) was released as a stand-alone single by Paul van Dyk in 2004.
 Unlike most of his other singles, this was not released on any official studio album by van Dyk.
 The song features Peter Heppner on vocals, and was only recorded in German, presumably because it speaks directly to Germans and Germany.
Matthias Paul (] ), better known by his stage name Paul van Dyk (] ; born 16 December 1971 in Eisenhüttenstadt, East Germany) is a German Grammy Award-winning DJ, record producer and musician.
 One of the first true superstar DJs, van Dyk was the first artist to receive a Grammy Award nomination in the newly added category of Best Dance/Electronic album for his 2003 release "Reflections".
 He was named the World's number one DJ in both 2005 and 2006, something only few DJs have ever achieved.
 He was the first ever DJ to be named number one by "Mixmag" in 2005.
 By 2008, he had sold over 3 million albums worldwide.
Vandit Records is a German record label founded in 1999 by Paul van Dyk.
 Its first release was van Dyk's own tracks "Another Way" and "Avenue".
 The Berlin-based record label is largely focused on trance and progressive house.
 The label has been known for hosting large concert parties in Berlin.
"For An Angel" is a trance debut track by German DJ Paul van Dyk.
 His most famous track, it was initially released in 1994 as a track on "45 RPM" on the MFS record label, which was van Dyk's first studio album.
 It was later reworked and re-released in 1998 as "E-Werk Remix" on Deviant Records, a homage to the E-Werk nightclub where van Dyk used to be the resident DJ, the song reached number-one on the UK Dance Chart for several weeks.
 Since its release the track has become one of the most influential and greatest trance tracks of all time.
 It was voted by "Mixmag" readers as the eighth greatest dance record of all time.
"The Other Side" is a single released on Paul van Dyk's second DJ mix album "The Politics of Dancing 2".
 Paul van Dyk wrote the song in retort to the devastating tsunami which hit southeast Asia on 26 December 2004.
 Van Dyk believes it is important to recognise that many thousands of people were affected by this tragedy, and lost loved ones.
 "The Other Side" portrays the feeling of still being with a person, in one's thoughts, who has died.
 It expresses the faith and aspiration of seeing that person again on "the other side".
Hands on In Between is a remix album from Paul van Dyk, released on 24 November 2008.
 This album consists of two CDs of remixed songs featured on the original "In Between" album in 2007.
 Selections from this album were remixed by various trance artists in the scene.
 It also includes the winning remix from van Dyk's "Far Away Remix Competition" featured on Beatport earlier in the year.
 The winning remix was promised a release, in which progressive trance producer Mateo Murphy was given the honour.
 As well as a release on the "Far Away" single, his remix made it onto this compilation too.
In Between is the fifth studio album by Paul van Dyk released on 14 August 2007.
 The album features a wide range of collaborations including David Byrne of Talking Heads, Jessica Sutta of the Pussycat Dolls, Ashley Tomberlin of Luminary, Alex M.O.R.P.H., Lo-Fi Sugar, Rea Garvey of Reamonn, Ryan Merchant and Wayne Jackson.
 The latter had collaborated earlier with Paul van Dyk on the song "The Other Side".
 The album also features a vocal sample of Ben Lost from Probspot's "Blows My Mind" on the song "Another Sunday".
Seven Ways is a trance album by Paul van Dyk released on MFS in 1996 and later on Deviant Records and Mute Records.
 It is Paul van Dyk's second studio album.
 Several editions include a bonus disc featuring remixes of tracks from the main disc, as well as bonus tracks.
