Rev. Dr. Michael Casey OP, MSc, PhD, FICI, (1902-1997) was an Irish Dominican priest and Chemist.
Appearances of Argentine Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara (1928–1967) in popular culture are common throughout the world.
 Although during his lifetime he was a highly politicized and controversial figure, in death his stylized image has been transformed into a worldwide emblem for an array of causes, representing a complex mesh of sometimes conflicting narratives.
 Che Guevara's image is viewed as everything from an inspirational icon of revolution, to a retro and vintage logo.
 Most commonly he is represented by a facial caricature originally by Irish artist Jim Fitzpatrick and based on Alberto Korda's famous 1960 photograph titled "Guerrillero Heroico".
 The evocative simulacra abbreviation of the photographic portrait allowed for easy reproduction and instant recognizability across various uses.
 For many around the world, Che has become a generic symbol of the underdog, the idealist, the iconoclast, or the martyr.
 He has become, as author Michael Casey notes in "Che's Afterlife: The Legacy of an Image", "the quintessential postmodern icon signifying anything to anyone and everything to everyone."
Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
William George Capece (born April 1, 1959 in Miami, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played placekicker for three seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
 He attended Chaminade-Madonna College Preparatory School in Hollywood, Florida along with David Shula, and was invited by Shula's father, Miami Dolphins coach Don Shula, to attend Dolphin practices and work out with placekicker Garo Yepremian.
 It was Yepremian who provided Capece with the encouragement to consider a career in professional football.
 Capece attended Florida State University, where he graduated as the holder of FSU's records for single-season scoring (104 points), most field goals in a game (five, against Pittsburgh), and field goal percentage (100%).
 His 104 points in 1980 were the most by a kicker in national collegiate history.
 He was signed to a professional contract with the Buccaneers in 1981, during a week in which the Buccaneers cut both their placekicker and their punter.
 Ironically, Capece's signing marked the end of his former mentor's career, as Yepremian was the player he was signed to replace.
 After a late-1983 loss to the Green Bay Packers in which missed kicks provided the margin of defeat, coach John McKay made his famous announcement that "Capece is kaput".
 Capece returned as the team's placekicker the following season, but was waived following a poor performance in a preseason game against the Dolphins.
 His 41 field goals stood as the Buccaneers' career record until broken in 1987 by Donald Igwebuike.
Patrick Michael Casey (born March 17, 1959) is the head coach for the Oregon State Beavers baseball team.
 He is best known for winning the 2006 College World Series for the Beavers' first-ever baseball National Championship.
 The following year, despite losing all but two starters on the team and being the final team selected in the NCAA College World Series bracket, he led the Beavers to a repeat championship in the 2007 College World Series, the first unranked team in history to accomplish this feat.
Michael Casey (born 1947) is an American poet of Armenian descent.
The Church of St. Columba is located in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
 The parish was formed in the Hamline-Midway neighborhood in 1915.
 After the Baby Boom from World War II the church was expanding and needed a new building.
 The then pastor Michael Casey contracted with Barry Byrne to design and construct the building.
 Byrne was based in Chicago and his formal schooling ended in the Ninth Grade.
 Byrne worked under Frank Lloyd Wright and was involved with the Prairie School of architecture before later turned towards Expressionist architecture.
 Byrne designed the building later in his career.
Killester Basketball Club is an Irish basketball club based in Dublin.
 Established in 1967 by Michael Casey, Killester is one of the oldest and most successful civilian basketball clubs in Ireland.
 The club's senior men's and women's representative teams, Pyrobel Killester, both play in Ireland's top national leagues.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
