Play was a Swedish pop girl group consisting of, in total, seven young women.
 Faye Hamlin, Anna Sundstrand, Anaïs Lameche, and Rosie Munter formed Play's original line-up from the band's formation from 2001 until late 2003.
 After founding member Faye left the group, fifth member Janet Leon joined Play to fill Hamlin's position as lead singer.
 In 2005, the group officially announced an "indefinite break" and split up.
 At that time, Play had sold almost one million albums.
 Four years later, in 2009, the group reformed with a new line-up of three members consisting of Anaïs, Faye, and the sixth and oldest member of Play, Sanne Karlsson.
 In February 2011, an official statement was made that Faye had once again left the group in 2010 and would be replaced by Emelie Norenberg.
 It was announced in May 2011 that the band had separated for the second time.
Anaïs Helena Lameche Bonnier (née Kretz Lameche) (born 19 August 1987 in French Alps, France) is a former Swedish pop singer and original member of the Swedish pop group Play.
 She is the only member of Play out of its seven different members to appear in all four different line-ups of the group.
 Before the band's split, she was also the last remaining original member of the group since Faye's second departure in January 2011.
 She quit the music industry in 2011.
We Are Smug is a collaborative studio album recorded by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes and producer and songwriter Robert Conley under the pseudonym We Are Smug.
 Originally intended as an anonymous secret side project for Hayes to experiment with new sounds, the album was given away for free for a limited period via digital download as a gift to fans on Hayes' birthday on 8 May 2009 but all free links have since been removed.
 Hayes has recently said he intends to commercially release the album with a bonus song at some point in the future.
 The album is an eclectic and experimental vehicle where Hayes adopted various personas and experimented with vocal delivery and genre in a way he had never done as a mainstream artist.
 It is unique as a recording because Hayes shares vocal duties with Conley, sometimes swapping out the lead for backing vocals.
 Hayes takes the lead on about half the album at varying times changing his voice, alternating between a high falsetto, a lower raspy tone, experimenting with hip hop and beach boys styled harmonies.
"So Beautiful" is a pop song written by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes and Robert Conley.
 In 2005, the song was released as a single as a part of the promotion of the greatest hits album "", a band that Hayes was part of until their split in 2001.
 Hayes was credited on the release as "Darren Hayes (of Savage Garden)".
Playin' Around is a CD/DVD by Play.
 Also known by the title "Playin' Around the World", it contains about an hour of video segments featuring the members of Play - Anaïs Lameche, Anna Sundstrand, Faye Hamlin and Rosie Munter - as they perform a set of songs in concert, rehearse their music videos, discuss their life performing and living on their tour bus, and prepare for their new album "Replay" by recording tracks in the studio.
 The disc also includes several Play music videos in full length.
A Big Night in with Darren Hayes Tour was the third tour undertaken by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes as a solo artist.
 The tour was undertaken to celebrate the release of Savage Garden's 10th anniversary greatest hits album.
 The staging for the tour was simple, with a 'living room' feel, featuring a bar, dining area and wardrobe.
 The show featured a great deal of audience participation, drawing on game shows, reality TV and internet dating.
 Between songs, a male member of the audience was invited on to the stage where he was given a haircut and makeover by the tour's wardrobe staff.
 Later, three women were invited on stage as potential 'dates', two being voted off by the audience via live text voting.
 The winner was then introduced to the made-over male and the pair were served a candle lit dinner on stage, whilst Darren sang love ballads.
 At the end of the show, the woman was given the choice of either "taking the bloke" or winning Geri Halliwell's mobile phone number, or alternatively Jason Donovan's home phone number for Australian performances, as a consolation prize.
 The musical side of the show featured the greatest number of Savage Garden songs that Darren had performed since the demise of the group.
 This served as a kind of farewell to these songs, as he has rarely revisited them since this tour.
 During this tour he met keyboard player and producer Justin Shave, who has since gone on to become an ongoing musical collaborator with Hayes.
 The DVD release of the tour, named "A Big Night in with Darren Hayes", was recorded in the Concert Hall of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney, Australia in July 2006.
 The DVD was released in stores on 6 December 2006.
 It contains the entire live show, as well as various bonus materials.
Robert Conley (dp13) is an American songwriter, record producer, programmer, engineer, mixer and music publisher.
 Throughout his varied career over the last decade, he has worked across all genres of music and has collaborated with and / or programmed / mixed / produced / written with, and for, many artists, including KISS, Destiny's Child, Carlos Santana, Justin Timberlake, Josh Groban, Darren Hayes, Celine Dion, Ricky Martin, Darren Hayes.
, Jessica Mauboy, Okenyo, Tina Arena, The Delta Riggs, The Walking Who, Ilan Kidron, Grinspoon, Georgi Kay, Thelma Plum, Lisa Mitchell, Bluejuice and many more.
"Me, Myself and (I)" is a song written by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes and Justin Shave for Hayes' third solo album, "This Delicate Thing We've Made".
 The song was confirmed as the album's second single on Hayes' official MySpace page in July 2007.
 According to Hayes' official website, the track was co-written and produced on the second-to-last night of the album recording sessions.
 The track failed to make the top 40 in the United Kingdom, debuting and peaking at #59 on 24 November 2007.
 The single sleeve artwork bears a striking resemblance to Kraftwerk's "The Man-Machine" album sleeve, and is most likely an homage to the electronic music pioneers.
"Popular" (stylized Pop!ular) is the first single released from Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes' second solo album, "The Tension and the Spark".
 The lyrics are a tongue-in-cheek send-up of celebrities and wannabes.
 The song reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart in March 2005.
 This was Hayes' first #1 on the US Dance chart, either as a solo artist or with his former group, Savage Garden.
 A radio edit was made which omits the instrumental section after the second chorus and also adds several new drumbeats to the second verse.
 A video was later released and it shows Darren Hayes (and two scantily clad models) visiting various landmarks in London.
 A flash mob dance also takes place in one of the stations in London.
"Casey" is a song written by Darren Hayes and Peter-John Vettese for Hayes' album "This Delicate Thing We've Made".
 It was released as the fourth and final single from the album, and was his first single to be a download-only release.
 It managed to chart at #108 in the UK.
 The original version of the song does not appear on any of the download singles, however a radio edit was made and released.
 An eighty-second clip of the music video was released by Hayes on his YouTube account on 22 December 2007.
 The full clip debuted on Hayes' official website and YouTube account on 26 January 2008.
