TradeStation Group, Inc. is the parent company of online securities & futures brokerage firms and trading technology companies.
 It is headquartered in Plantation, Florida, and has offices in New York, Chicago, Richardson, TX, London, Sydney and Costa Rica.
 TradeStation is best known for the analysis software and electronic trading platform it provides to the active trader and certain institutional trader markets that enable clients to design, test, optimize, monitor, and automate their own custom equities, options & futures trading strategies.
 TradeStation Group was a Nasdaq GS-listed company from 1997-2011, until acquired by Monex Group, a Tokyo Stock Exchange listed parent company of one of Japan’s leading online securities brokerage firms.
SM-Chile is a holding company for Banco de Chile.
 Until 1996, when its Board of Shareholders agreed to become an investment company with exclusive turn, governed by Law No. 19,396, changing its name to Bank of Parent Company Chile SA' Simultaneously, the parent company of Banco de Chile SA created a commercial bank under the name Banco de Chile and was transferred all its assets and liabilities, excluding subordinated obligation call with the Central Bank of Chile, obligation undertaken following the banking crisis of the years 1982 - 1984 and the consequent bailout carried out by the Central Bank.
 After this transformation, the sole shareholder of Banco de Chile was the parent company of Banco de Chile SA
Hainan HNA Infrastructure Investment Group Co., Ltd. formerly Hainan Island Construction Co., Ltd. is a Chinese listed company based in Haikou.
 in mid-2016 the company acquired HNA Infrastructure Group () in a reverse IPO from intermediate parent company HNA Infrastructure Holding Group (), which HNA Infrastructure Group is the parent company of HNA Real Estate and HNA Airport Group (, in turn HNA Airport Group is the parent company of HNA Airport Holdings (Group) () and HNA Airport Holdings is the parent company of Sanya Phoenix International Airport Co., Ltd.); HNA Airport Group is the largest shareholder of Haikou Meilan International Airport (19.58% as at October 2016), which in turn the largest shareholder of Hong Kong listed company HNA Infrastructure.
 In December 2016 a proposed capital increase of the HK-listed company was announced.
 HNA Infrastructure Investment Group would purchase a minority share directly.
 Haikou Meilan International Airport was the second-largest shareholder of Hainan Airlines; Hainan Airlines, however, also owned a minority stake in Haikou Meilan International Airport.
A parent company guarantee (PCG) is a guarantee by a parent company of a contractor’s performance under its contract with its client, where the contractor is a subsidiary of the parent company.
Enterprise Holdings, Inc. is an American holding company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri.
 It is the parent company of car rental companies Enterprise Rent-A-Car, National Car Rental, Alamo Rent a Car, and Enterprise CarShare.
 The holding company was formed in 2009 as a result of Enterprise Rent-A-Car's 2007 acquisition of Vanguard Automotive Group, the parent company of National Car Rental and Alamo Rent a Car.
 Enterprise ranks as the largest car rental company in the United States.
 The company sells its used cars through Enterprise Car Sales.
 It is owned by the Taylor family
Pinnacle Airlines Corporation was an American holding company headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee, and was the parent company of Pinnacle Airlines and Colgan Air until Colgan was closed down in 2012.
 The company contracted its airlines to fly in the aircraft livery of other airlines such as Delta Air Lines and United Airlines.
 The company filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 in 2012 and emerged from Chapter 11 in 2013 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Delta Air Lines.
 The company's only surviving airline, Pinnacle, became Endeavor Air.
Suez North America, founded as the Hackensack Water Company in 1869 and later named United Water, is an American water service company headquartered in Paramus, New Jersey.
 It owns and operates 16 water and waste water utilities, and operates 90 municipal water and waste water systems through public-private partnerships and contract agreements.
 The company has over 2,300 employees, and in 2013, United Water generated $764 million in revenue, and managed $3.2 billion in total assets.
 United Water became a subsidiary of Suez Environnement, a French-based utility company, in 2000.
 It changed its name to reflect that of its parent company in 2015.
CVS Health (previously CVS Corporation and CVS Caremark Corporation) (stylized as CVSHealth) is an American retail pharmacy and health care company headquartered in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.
 The company began in 1964 with three partners who grew the venture from a parent company, Mark Steven, Inc., that helped retailers manage their health and beauty aid product lines.
 The business began as a chain of health and beauty aid stores, but within several years, pharmacies were added.
 To facilitate growth and expansion, the company joined The Melville Corporation, which managed a string of retail businesses.
 Following a period of growth in the 1980s and 1990s, CVS Corporation spun off from Melville in 1996, becoming a standalone company trading on the New York Stock Exchange as
American Airlines Group, Inc. is an American publicly traded airline holding company headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas.
 It was formed December 9, 2013, in the merger of AMR Corporation, the parent company of American Airlines, and US Airways Group, the parent company of US Airways.
 The airline groups together form the largest airline in the world, with more than 6,700 daily flights to 336 locations in 56 countries worldwide, about $40 billion in operating revenue, over 100,000 employees, and plans to take delivery of 607 new aircraft, including 517 narrowbody aircraft and 90 widebody international aircraft.
 The integration of American Airlines and US Airways was completed when the Federal Aviation Administration granted a single operating certificate for both carriers on April 8, 2015.
Delhaize Le Lion / De Leeuw (] ) was a food retailer headquartered in Sint-Jans-Molenbeek, Brussels, Belgium, and operating in seven countries and on three continents.
 The principal activity of Delhaize Group is the operation of food supermarkets.
 On June 24, 2015, Delhaize reached an agreement with Ahold to merge and form a new parent company headquartered in the Netherlands: Ahold Delhaize.
