Every Secret Thing is a 2014 American crime film directed by Amy J. Berg and written by Nicole Holofcener, based on a 2004 novel of the same name written by Laura Lippman.
 The film stars Diane Lane, Elizabeth Banks, Dakota Fanning, Danielle Macdonald, and Nate Parker, and is notable for being Academy Award-winning actress Frances McDormand's debut as producer.
 The film was released theatrically on May 15, 2015 and on home video on August 4, 2015.
South of 8 is a 2016 American crime film written by first time director Tony Olmos and Rosewood Five Productions, based on a string of bank robberies set in the near future.
 It officially premiered September 26, 2016 at the Downtown Los Angeles Film Festival in Los Angeles, California, where it won the jury award for Best Dramatic Screenplay.
 Prior to its premiere, the film won 'Best Trailer' at the San Diego Film Awards and was a finalist for Audience Choice #TrailerChallenge at DTLAFF via Indi.com.
 The film screened again on February 11, 2017 at San Diego Film Week and took home the award for "Best Horror/SciFi/Thriller Feature."
The Lone Wolf Returns is a 1935 American crime film starring Melvyn Douglas as jewel thief Michael Lanyard, aka the Lone Wolf.
 Retired, the Lone Wolf is forced back into crime, but turns the tables on his enemies.
 It is based on the 1923 Louis Joseph Vance novel "The Lone Wolf Returns", which had previously been made into a 1926 film of the same name.
Secret Service Investigator is a 1948 American crime film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by John K. Butler.
 The film stars Lynne Roberts, Lloyd Bridges, George Zucco, June Storey, Trevor Bardette and John Kellogg.
 The film was released on May 31, 1948, by Republic Pictures.
Hackers is a 1995 American crime film directed by Iain Softley and starring Jonny Lee Miller, Angelina Jolie, Renoly Santiago, Matthew Lillard, Jesse Bradford, Lorraine Bracco, and Fisher Stevens.
 The film follows a group of high school hackers and their involvement in a corporate extortion conspiracy.
 Made in the 1990s when the internet was unfamiliar to the general public, it reflects the ideals laid out in the Hacker Manifesto quoted in the film: "This is our world now... the world of the electron and the switch [...] We exist without skin color, without nationality, without religious bias... and you call us criminals.
 [...] Yes, I am a criminal.
 My crime is that of curiosity."
 "Hackers" has achieved cult classic status.
Secret of the Chateau is a 1934 American crime film directed by Richard Thorpe and written by Albert DeMond.
 The film stars Claire Dodd, Alice White, Osgood Perkins, Jack La Rue, George E. Stone and Clark Williams.
 The film was released on December 3, 1934, by Universal Pictures.
The Devil's Mask is a 1946 American crime film directed by Henry Levin and starring Anita Louise, Jim Bannon and Michael Duane.
 The film was the second of three B pictures based on the popular radio series "I Love a Mystery".
 As well as its crime theme, the film also incorporates elements of horror.
Partners in Crime is a 1937 American crime film directed by Ralph Murphy and written by Gladys Unger and Garnett Weston.
 The film stars Lynne Overman, Roscoe Karns, Muriel Hutchison, Anthony Quinn, Inez Courtney and Lucien Littlefield.
 The film was released on October 8, 1937, by Paramount Pictures.
Column X (German: Kolonne X) is a 1929 German silent crime film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Schünzel, Ernst Stahl-Nachbaur and Grete Reinwald.
 The film attempted to imitate the style of American crime films, switched to a German setting.
One Jump Ahead is a 1955 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Paul Carpenter, Diane Hart, Jill Adams and Freddie Mills.
 The film was based on a novel by American crime novelist Robert H. Chapman.
 The screenplay concerns a journalist who helps police track down the killer of a female blackmailer.The title refers to the reporter's attempts to keep "one jump ahead" of the police in solving the crime.
