The Paavo Nurmi Marathon is an annual marathon road running race held during summer in Turku, Finland, the birth city of Paavo Nurmi.
 Although various marathons have been held in Turku since 1910, the Paavo Nurmi Marathon was established in 1992.
 It is arranged along with Paavo Nurmi Games, a part of Paavo Nurmi happening week.
 The route goes through Turku city and Ruissalo park.
 The marathon attracts yearly 500 to 1000 participants.
The Bombay Hook National Wildlife Refuge is a 15,978 acre National Wildlife Refuge located along the eastern coast of Kent County, Delaware, United States, on Delaware Bay.
 It was established on March 16, 1937 as a refuge and breeding ground for migratory and wintering waterfowl along the Atlantic Flyway.
 The Refuge was purchased from local land owners with federal duck stamp funds.
Caucasian Riviera is located along the eastern coast of the Black Sea under the Caucasus Mountains.
 It runs from Novorossiysk, Russia to Sarpi, Georgia.
 The area is divided into five regions, of which four (Adjara, Guria, Samegrelo, and Abkhazia) are located in Georgia, and one (the Black Sea coast of Krasnodar Krai) is in Russia.
 Caucasian Riviera is 600 km long, 350 km of which belongs to Russia and 250 km to Georgia.
 The coast is located on the same latitude as the French Riviera, the Italian Riviera, New York City and the Korean Peninsula.
The Adriatic Sea is a body of water separating the Italian Peninsula from the Balkan peninsula and the Apennine Mountains from the Dinaric Alps and adjacent ranges.
 The Adriatic is the northernmost arm of the Mediterranean Sea, extending from the Strait of Otranto (where it connects to the Ionian Sea) to the northwest and the Po Valley.
 The countries with coasts on the Adriatic are Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Italy, Montenegro and Slovenia.
 The Adriatic contains over 1,300 islands, mostly located along its eastern, Croatian coast.
 It is divided into three basins, the northern being the shallowest and the southern being the deepest, with a maximum depth of 1233 m .
 The Otranto Sill, an underwater ridge, is located at the border between the Adriatic and Ionian Seas.
 The prevailing currents flow counterclockwise from the Strait of Otranto, along the eastern coast and back to the strait along the western (Italian) coast.
 Tidal movements in the Adriatic are slight, although larger amplitudes are known to occur occasionally.
 The Adriatic's salinity is lower than the Mediterranean's because the Adriatic collects a third of the fresh water flowing into the Mediterranean, acting as a dilution basin.
 The surface water temperatures generally range from 30 C in summer to 12 C in winter, significantly moderating the Adriatic Basin's climate.
Knarrevik or Knarrvika is a village in Fjell municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
 It is located along the Byfjorden on the eastern coast of the island of Litlesotra, just north of the municipal centre of Straume.
 The western end of the Sotra Bridge lies at Knarrevik.
Ngāti Kahungunu is a Māori iwi located along the eastern coast of the North Island of New Zealand.
 The iwi is traditionally centred in the Hawke's Bay and Tararua and Wairārapa regions.
Flores Airport (IATA: FLW, ICAO: LPFL) (Portuguese: "Aeroporto das Flores" ) is a regional airport on the island of Flores in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
 It is located along the eastern coast, bisecting the regional capital of Santa Cruz das Flores into two-halves: from the Porto of São Pedro the runway is aligned north-south to the area around Porto dos Poços.
 The airport divides the area of Monte and Pau Pique (in the headlands) and the central community of Santa Cruz das Flores (located on a "fajã", or geological debris field, from the Porto do Boqueirão to Porto Velho) along the eastern coast.
Muyil (also known as Chunyaxché) was one of the earliest and longest inhabited ancient Maya sites on the eastern coast of the Yucatan Peninsula.
 It is located approximately 15 km south of the coastal site of Tulum, in the Municipality of Felipe Carrillo Puerto in the state of Quintana Roo, Mexico.
 Artifacts found here date back from as early as 350 BCE.
 to as late as 1200-1500 CE.
 The ruins of Muyil are an example of Peten architecture, like those found in southern Mayan sites with their steep walled pyramids such as Tikal in Guatemala.
 It is situated on the Sian Ka'an lagoon, a name meaning "Where the Sky is Born".
 Muyil was located along a trade route on the Caribbean once accessible via a series of canals.
 Among the most commonly traded goods were Jade, obsidian, chocolate, honey, feathers, chewing gum, and salt.
 It is believed that throughout much of its history, Muyil had strong ties to the center of Coba located some 44 km the north / northwest.
 The 2010 federal census reported a population of 191 inhabitants in the locality.
The monarchs of Prussia were members of the House of Hohenzollern who were the hereditary rulers of the former German state of Prussia from its founding in 1525 as the Duchy of Prussia.
 The Duchy had evolved out of the Teutonic Order, a Roman Catholic crusader state and theocracy located along the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea.
 The Teutonic Knights were under the leadership of a Grand Master, the last of whom, Albert, converted to Protestantism and secularized the lands, which then became the Duchy of Prussia.
 The Duchy was initially a vassal of the Kingdom of Poland, as a result of the terms of the Prussian Homage whereby Albert was granted the Duchy as part of the terms of peace following the Prussian War.
 When the main line of Prussian Hohenzollerns died out in 1618, the Duchy passed to a different branch of the family, who also reigned as Electors of Brandenburg in the Holy Roman Empire.
 While still nominally two different territories, Prussia under the suzerainty of Poland and Brandenburg under the suzerainty of the Holy Roman Empire, the two states are known together historiographically as Brandenburg-Prussia.
 Following the Second Northern War, a series of treaties freed the Duchy of Prussia from any vassalage to any other state, making it a fully sovereign Duchy in its own right.
 This complex situation (where the Hohenzollern ruler of the independent Duchy of Prussia was also a subject of the Holy Roman Emperor as Elector of Brandenburg) laid the eventual groundwork for the establishment of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701.
 For diplomatic reasons, the rulers of the state were known as the King in Prussia from 1701 to 1772; largely because they still owed fealty to the Emperor as Electors of Brandenburg, the "King in Prussia" title (as opposed to "King of Prussia") avoided offending the Emperor.
 As the Prussian state grew through several wars and diplomatic moves throughout the 18th century, it became apparent that Prussia had become a Great Power that did not need to submit meekly to the Holy Roman Empire.
 By 1772, the pretense was dropped, and the style "King of Prussia" was adopted.
 Thus it remained until 1871, when in the aftermath of the Franco-Prussian War, the King of Prussia Wilhelm I was crowned German Emperor.
 From that point forward, though the Kingdom of Prussia retained its status as a constituent state of the German Empire, all remaining Kings of Prussia also served as German Emperor, and that title took precedence.
Pefkos or Pefki, Greek: Πεύκος (Πεύκοι), is a well known beach resort located on eastern coast of Rhodes, just a few kilometers south of Lindos, 56 km from the capital city Rhodes.
 The island of Rhodes is the largest of the Dodecanese islands, on the eastern Aegean Sea, just a few miles from the coast of the Asia Minor.
 Pefkos was once known as a fishermen's hamlet located along the coastal road that connects the villages of Lindos and Lardos.
 Originally Pefkos was mainly used as a summer temporary residence for those who lived further inland but grew crops such as grapes, olives, tomatoes, figs and corn.
 They couldn't return home daily due to the heat and distance, so had small very basic houses in Pefkos.
 Visiting Pefkos by day will leave one with the impression of a quiet and relaxed holiday resort; however when the lights come on the resort is bustling with warm, friendly activity.
