Carl Durheim, also known as Karl Durheim and Charles Durheim, (born November 23, 1810 in Bern, Switzerland - died January 30, 1890 in Bern, Switzerland) was a Swiss lithographer and an early photographer.
 He began working with daguerreotype in 1845 and changed to a paper printing process in 1849.
 Durheim produced many portraits of seated individuals.
Public transport in Santa Coloma de Gramenet (Catalonia, Spain) is an important part of the Metropolitan Area of Barcelona transportation network.
 Santa Coloma is a densely populated suburb of the city of Barcelona which fulfills both the role of dormitory town and one of the biggest settlements in the capital's urban area, at around 120,000 inhabitants, and is straddled by Barcelona's Nou Barris and Sant Andreu districts, Badalona, Sant Adrià de Besòs and Montcada i Reixac.
 The town still relies mostly on bus lines for transportation, but essential improvement arrived in late 2009 with the partial construction of Barcelona Metro line L9.
 In the future, Generalitat de Catalunya will construct a new line of Tram.
Penny is a community located between Longworth and Dome Creek on the north bank of the Fraser River in central British Columbia, Canada.
 It was established as a station on the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway in 1914.
 Penny Post Office opened 1 February 1916 with Nels Pederson as postmaster.
 Today, Penny is said to be the only community in Canada that still relies on the railroad for postal service.
 This service to the Penny railway station is provided by Via Rail's thrice weekly Jasper – Prince Rupert train.
 The railway station burned down in 1947 and was replaced by a station originally built in Lindup in 1914.
 This station was then moved to Prince George in 1988 and is the present home of the Prince George Railway & Forestry Museum.
Woodblock printing is a technique for printing text, images or patterns used widely throughout East Asia and originating in China in antiquity as a method of printing on textiles and later paper.
 As a method of printing on cloth, the earliest surviving examples from China date to before 220 AD, and woodblock printing remained the most common East Asian method of printing books and other texts, as well as images, until the 19th century. "
Ukiyo-e" is the best known type of Japanese woodblock art print.
 Most European uses of the technique for printing images on paper are covered by the art term woodcut, except for the block-books produced mainly in the 15th century in India.
Lisa De Pasquale is a conservative activist, author and columnist who lives in Northern Virginia.
 She served as the director of the annual Conservative Political Action Conference put on by the American Conservative Union (ACU), a post she held from 2006 to 2011.
 Before her time at ACU, De Pasquale was employed at the Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute and is an alumna of Flagler College.
 In June 2010 she was awarded a Rising Star award by "Politics Magazine".
 She has written for "Human Events", "Townhall", "Breitbart", and numerous other media outlets.
 Her "Townhall.com" column, formerly at "Human Events", "De Pasquale's Dozen", asks twelve questions of newsmakers and is syndicated by NPR and elsewhere.
 The column has featured interviews with Ann Coulter, Marco Rubio, Erick Erickson, Michelle Malkin, Ed Morrissey, Nick Gillespie, Andy Levy, and others.
 She is the former chairman of the GOProud Board of Directors.
 De Pasquale contributed to "The Conversation" on Brietbart.com, which is a collection of opinion articles written by political thought leaders.
 She is a frequent guest on "Red Eye" on the Fox News Channel and "Kennedy" on Fox Business Network.
 She is also cohost of the Political Punks Podcast.
 Her cohost is Marvel and DC Comics artist Brett R. Smith.
 Popular guests include Greg Gutfeld, Nick Gillespie, Thaddeus McCotter, Milo Yiannopoulos and Chuck Dixon.
 She is the founder and Monday editor of BRIGHT, a female-centric daily email on politics and culture, and columnist for The Federalist.
Human Events is a conservative American political news and analysis website.
 Founded in 1944 as a print newspaper, "Human Events" became a digital-only publication in 2013.
Spark printing is an obsolete form of computer printing and before that fax and chart recorder printing which uses a special paper coated with a conductive layer over a contrasting backing, originally black carbon over white paper but later aluminium over black paper.
 Printing on this paper uses pulses of electric current to burn away spots of the conductive layer.
 Typically, one or more electrodes are swept across the page perpendicular to the direction of paper motion to form a raster of potential burnt spots.
Nanotransfer printing (nTP) (compare with microcontact printing) is a purely additive and high resolution metal printing technique.
 It mainly relies on the principle of surface chemistry - chemically modified surfaces act as interfacial "release" or "glue" layers to aid in transfer printing nano-structured metal ink from relief features (aka "stamp") to a surface of interest.
 The nTP can be simply envisioned as "a process of signature stamping using rubber-stamp".
 In a rubber stamping, conventionally crafted signature/logo on a rubber stamp is transferred or replicated onto a paper surfaces using organic dye or ink while in nTP, nanolithographically created structures on silicon or PDMS "stamp" are transferred or printed on other surfaces such as glass or polymers using metal ink.
 nTP has found wide applications in various areas including electronics, chemical sensing, spintronics, and plasmonics.
 The technique has been successfully implemented for creating various functional structures having sub-100 nm spatial resolution.
 It was invented by Yueh-Lin Loo.
Menemen is a district of İzmir Province in Turkey as well as the district's central town.
 The district extends on a fertile plain formed by the alluvial soil carried by the Gediz River.
 Menemen's district area neighbors the following district areas from east to west; Aliağa and Foça to the north and Bornova, Karşıyaka and Çiğli to the south, these last two being among İzmir's metropolitan districts.
 Menemen district also has a 27 km long coastline in the west and neighbors Manisa Province to the east.
 The town of Menemen is located at a distance of 35 km from İzmir center (Konak Square).
 Settlement across the district is loosely scattered along the Greater Metropolitan Area of İzmir in the south and consists of isolated villages along prairies in the north, which results in an average urbanization rate of only 42 per cent.
 The economy still relies on agriculture and stock breeding in large part, although the production and export of leather, ceramic and other earthenware products, as well as potentially of plastic products, based in two separate and specialized organized industrial zones made important steps forward during the last decade.
 Menemen's earthenware pottery products are famous across Turkey since centuries.
 These two organized industrial zones as well as activities rebounding from the adjacent İzmir metropolitan area gain an increasing importance in the district's economy.
 Nevertheless, Gediz River, whose lower basin crosses Menemen plain to join the sea within the district boundaries still constitutes the lifeline of the region and matters relating to the river's flow as well as its present rate of rather high pollution is a matter of constant debate.
 The level of education is high in Menemen with literacy rate reaching 99%.
Don't Mess with Texas was a slogan used on a campaign to reduce littering on Texas roadways by the Texas Department of Transportation, which supports a web page for the Don't Mess With Texas campaign and archive of ads and events.
 The phrase "Don't Mess with Texas" was prominently shown on road signs on major highways, television, radio and in print advertisements.
 The campaign is credited with reducing litter on Texas highways roughly 72% between 1986 and 1990.
 The campaign's target market was 18- to 35-year-old males, which was statistically shown to be the most likely to litter.
 While the slogan was not originally intended to become a statewide cultural icon, it did.
