Ross Watson (born May 22, 1975) is a designer of computer, miniature and role-playing games and a writer in various genres.
 Watson worked on the Warhammer 40,000 Roleplay line as the Lead Developer for Dark Heresy, was the lead designer for Rogue Trader and Deathwatch, and was part of the design team for Black Crusade.
 He was the lead developer for both Aaron Allston's Strike Force and Savage Worlds Rifts.
 His written works include the Accursed and Weird War I settings for Savage Worlds, contributions to the Star Wars: Edge of the Empire RPG, and the video games Darksiders II, , and .
 Watson has designed rules and scenarios for miniature game lines, such as Dust Warfare, and he has written for several card games, including , Empire Engine, and the Lost Legacy series.
Hiromichi Tanaka (田中 弘道 , Tanaka Hiromichi , born January 7, 1962) is a Japanese video game developer, game producer, game director and game designer.
 He was Senior Vice President of Software Development at Square Enix (formerly Square) and the head of the company's Product Development Division-3.
 He is best known as the former lead developer of "Final Fantasy XI", Square's first massively multiplayer online role playing game (MMORPG).
 He oversaw ongoing development of that title and "Final Fantasy XIV" until late 2010.
 He also recently led the development of the Nintendo DS version of "Final Fantasy III", having worked in a senior role on the original version of the game in 1990.
Guardian's Crusade, known in Japan as Knight & Baby (ナイトアンドベイビー , Naito ando Beibī ) , is a role-playing video game developed by Tamsoft and released for the PlayStation by Activision in 1999.
 The gameplay is that of a standard turn based role playing game with non-random encounters.
 While intended for an adult audience as well, the game was something of an introduction to RPGs for children.
 The game did not enjoy commercial success, though it still maintains a cult following.
The Aethra Chronicles - Volume One: Celystra's Bane or The Aethra Chronicles (also known as Aethra for short) is a classic 1994 MS-DOS shareware computer role playing game.
 The game was based on the Rolemaster game system, a Pencil & Paper role playing game.
 It was developed mostly as a one-man project by Michael Lawrence with some help from others for the graphics and sound/music.
Reveal Fantasia (リーヴェルファンタジア～マリエルと妖精物語～ , Riberu Fantajia Marieru to Yousei Monogatari ) Is a Fantasy role playing video game released in 2002 for the PlayStation 2 console by Victor Interactive Software, Inc. in Japan.
 The game involved an innovative concept of a role playing game involving no battles or fighting.
 Its game play shows some influence from dating simulation games.
 The game was never released outside Japan.
Derek K. Smart is an American video game designer.
 He is the president and lead developer of 3000AD, Inc., an indie game development company based in Aventura, FL.
 In addition he is the president of and investor in the video game development company Quest Online.
 Smart is an independent video game designer and software developer, and the creator of several video game series.
Jens "Jeb" Bergensten is a Swedish video game designer.
 Since December 2010, he has worked for the video game developer Mojang as a programmer and game designer.
 He became the lead designer and lead developer of the indie sandbox game "Minecraft", after Markus "Notch" Persson stepped down from his position in December 2011.
 He is known by his in-game name "jeb_".
MerpCon is an acronym for "Middle-Earth Role Playing Convention", a role playing game convention dedicated solely to role-playing gaming in J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth.
 The event is held annually on the last weekend of July and runs for 3 days from Friday, through to the end of Sunday (and sometimes a little into the following Monday morning).
 To date MerpCon has been held each year in Spokane, WA, USA.
 Beginning in 2009 MerpCon began to transition to being called Tolkienmoot as this convention's venue began to expand to include more Tolkien-related activities, events, and guests beyond just role playing in Middle-earth.
The Cortex System is a generic RPG system based on the "Sovereign Stone System ", and was developed by Margaret Weis Productions, Ltd for the Serenity Role Playing Game.
 It was subsequently used for their licensed "Battlestar Galactica" and Supernatural RPGs, and brought out as a stand-alone system in the "Cortex System Role Playing Game" book (also called the "Cortex Classic System Role Playing Game").
 Serenity, using the Cortex System, was the 2005 Origins Award Gamer's Choice Role Playing Game of the Year.
An online text-based role playing game is a role-playing game played online using a solely text-based interface.
 Online text-based role playing games date to 1978, with the creation of "MUD1", which began the MUD heritage that culminates in today's MMORPGs.
 Some online-text based role playing games are video games, but some are organized and played entirely by humans through text-based communication.
 Over the years, games have used TELNET, internet forums, IRC, email and social networking websites as their media.
