The history of Football Club Matera has covered 82 years of the football from the club based in Matera, Basilicata.
 It was a professional Italian football club, founded in 1930.
 Since 2012 the club is definitely excluded from Italian football.
Edoardo Bosio (1864-1927) was an Italian-Swiss footballing innovator from Turin.
 He is a prime figure in the history of Italian football as evidence exists to show that he founded the earliest football club in the country; Torino Football and Cricket Club.
 He was also a clever rower of the Armida Rowing Club in Turin.
Unione Sportiva Città di Palermo, commonly referred to as Palermo, is an Italian football club from Palermo, Sicily, playing in Serie B.
 Formed in 1900 as "Anglo Palermitan Athletic and Football Club", the club had various names before assuming its current form in 1987, and is the top-ranked football club from the island of Sicily.
 During its history, Palermo has played in all the professional ranks of Italy, and took part in several Serie A seasons during the 1950s, 1960s and early 1970s, also finishing as Coppa Italia runners-up twice during that period.
Associazione Calcio Milan is an Italian football club based in Milan, Lombardy.
 The club was founded in 1899 as Milan Foot-Ball and Cricket Club, and has competed in the Italian football league system since 1900.
 They were the first Italian club to qualify for the European Cup in 1955.
 Since then, the club has competed in every UEFA-organised competition, with the exception of the Intertoto Cup.
Associazione Calcio Milan are an Italian professional football club based in Milan, Lombardy.
 The club was founded as Milan Foot-Ball and Cricket Club in 1899 and has competed in the Italian football league since the following year.
 Milan currently play in Serie A, the top tier of Italian football.
 They have been out of the top tier in only two seasons since the establishment of the Serie A as the single division top tier.
 They have also been involved in European football ever since they became the first Italian club to enter the European Cup in 1955.
Foot-Ball Club Torinese was an Italian football club from Turin that was founded in 1894.
 The club competed in the first Italian Football Championship, and stayed in the competition until the club closed in 1906.
Football Club Bari 1908 is an Italian football club founded in 1908, they are based in Bari, Apulia and plays in Serie B.
 The club has spent many seasons bouncing between the top two divisions in Italian football, Serie A and Serie B.
Parma Football Club is an Italian football club based in Emilia-Romagna.
 The club was founded in 1913 (as Verdi F.B.C.) and has competed in the Italian football league system since 1919.
 Their first involvement in European competition – run by UEFA, the chief authority for football across Europe – was in 1991, entering the UEFA Cup.
 Since then, the club has competed in every UEFA-organised competition, with the exception of the now-defunct Intertoto Cup.
 The competition in which the club has had the most success is the UEFA Cup (now known as the UEFA Europa League); they have won two UEFA Cups, the first of which came in 1995 and the second in 1999.
 The club has also won the Cup Winners' Cup, which they won in 1993; and the Super Cup, also won in 1993.
Giuseppe "Beppe" Marotta (born 25 March 1957) is an Italian football executive currently serving as general manager of Sports Area as well as CEO of Italian football club Juventus.
 In 2014, he was inducted into the Italian Football Hall of Fame.
Edoardo Soleri (born 19 October 1997) is an Italian footballer who plays for Spezia on loan from A.S. Roma as a striker.
