That Darn Cat!
 is a 1965 American Walt Disney Productions thriller comedy film starring Hayley Mills (in her last of the six films she made for the Walt Disney Studios) and Dean Jones (starring in his first film for Disney) in a story about bank robbers, a kidnapping and a mischievous cat.
 The film was based on the 1963 novel "Undercover Cat" by Gordon and Mildred Gordon and was directed by Robert Stevenson.
 The title song was written by the Sherman Brothers and sung by Bobby Darin.
 The 1997 remake includes a cameo appearance by Dean Jones.
Dean Carroll Jones (January 25, 1931 – September 1, 2015) was an American actor best known for his roles as Agent Zeke Kelso in "That Darn Cat!
" (1965), Jim Douglas in "The Love Bug" (1968), Albert Dooley in "The Million Dollar Duck" (1971; for which he received a Golden Globe nomination) and Dr. Herman Varnick in "Beethoven" (1992).
Marcia Ann Strassman (April 28, 1948 – October 24, 2014) was an American actress and singer, best known for her roles as Nurse Margie Cutler on "M*A*S*H", as Julie Kotter on "Welcome Back, Kotter" and as Diane Szalinski in the feature film "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" (1989); its sequel "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid" (1992); and the 3-D film spin-off "Honey, I Shrunk the Audience!
" (1994), which was shown at several Disney theme parks through mid-2010.
Honey, I Blew Up the Kid is a 1992 American comedy science fiction film and the sequel to the 1989 film "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids".
 Directed by Randal Kleiser and released by Walt Disney Pictures, the film stars Rick Moranis, Marcia Strassman, Robert Oliveri and Amy O'Neill, who reprise their roles as Wayne, Diane, Nick, and Amy Szalinski respectively, as well as newcomer Keri Russell as Mandy Park, Nick's love interest and babysitter of Adam, the Szalinskis' new two-year-old son, whose accidental exposure to Wayne's new industrial-sized growth machine causes him to gradually grow to enormous size.
 Made only three years after "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids", this film is set five years after the events depicted in the previous film.
 It was filmed in 1991.
That Darn Cat is a 1997 American mystery comedy film starring Christina Ricci and Doug E. Doug.
 It is a remake of the 1965 film "That Darn Cat!
", which in turn was based on the book "Undercover Cat" by Gordon and Mildred Gordon.
 It is directed by British TV veteran Bob Spiers (most famous for "Fawlty Towers", as well as "Spice World") and written by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski, best known for "Ed Wood" and the first two "Problem Child" films.
Thom Eberhardt (born March 7, 1947) is an American film director, producer and screenwriter.
 Eberhardt has won two awards and two nominations.
 He is most noted for his work on "Captain Ron", "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid", and the cult classic "Night of the Comet".
Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves is a 1997 live-action direct-to-video sequel to "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" and "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid".
 It is the third and final installment in the "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" trilogy.
 The directorial debut of cinematographer Dean Cundey and released through Walt Disney Home Video, it tells the story of inventor Wayne Szalinski as he accidentally shrinks his wife, brother, sister-in-law, and himself with his electromagnetic shrink ray.
Amy O'Neill (born July 8, 1971) is an American performer and former actress.
 After appearing in several sitcoms and starring as Molly Stark on "The Young and the Restless" in 1986, she was cast in her notable role as Amy Szalinski in the 1989 Disney film, "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids", for which she was nominated for a Young Artist Award.
 She reprised her role as Amy Szalinski in the 1992 sequel, "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid" and appeared as Lisa Barnes in "Where's Rodney?
".
Robert Dane Oliveri (born April 28, 1978) is a former American actor.
 He is best known for his portrayal of Nick Szalinski in the 1989 Disney film, "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids", for which he was nominated for a Young Artist Award and a Saturn Award.
 He reprised the role in the 1992 sequel, "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid" and the 3D film, "Honey, I Shrunk the Audience".
 He is also known as Kevin, Winona Ryder's little brother, in Tim Burton's "Edward Scissorhands".
Off His Rockers is an animated short film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released in 1992.
 It was released theatrically accompanying the film "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid".
 The film started as a side project of director Barry Cook, who, at the time, was working at Walt Disney Feature Animation Florida.
 Starting with a core of six people, the project ended up involving most of the Florida studio's staff of 73 (and some in California), all of whom "donated" their time to the project beyond their official duties.
