OKE: Operation Kill Everything (simply known as OKE) is the fourteenth mixtape by American rapper The Game, which was hosted by DJ Skee.
 The mixtape was released on October 8, 2013, and serves as his first project since leaving the Interscope Records, following the release of his fifth album "Jesus Piece" (2012).
 It was also released in promotion of his upcoming sixth studio album.
 The mixtape features guest appearances from Too Short, Schoolboy Q, Chris Brown, Lil Wayne, Problem, Nipsey Hussle, Juicy J, Young Jeezy, Clyde Carson, Skeme, Stat Quo and Ty Dolla $ign; as well as the production provided by Cardiak, DJ Mustard, SAP and Cool & Dre, among others.
Stolen Youth is a collaboration mixtape by American rapper Vince Staples and rapper/producer Mac Miller, under his production pseudonym Larry Fisherman.
 The mixtape was released as a free digital download on June 20, 2013 to mixtape hosting websites.
 "Stolen Youth" was entirely produced by Miller.
 The mixtape features guest appearances from Mac Miller, Ab-Soul, Schoolboy Q, Da$H, Hardo, and Staples' Cutthroat Boyz cohort, Joey Fatts.
Dreamchasers 2 is a mixtape by American rapper Meek Mill (hosted by DJ Drama).
 It was released on May 7, 2012, by Maybach Music Group and Warner Bros.
 Records, and also released for digital download on DatPiff.
 It serves as the second installment in the "Dreamchasers" series, following "Dreamchasers" (2011).
 The mixtape features guest appearances from American rappers Travis $cott, Rick Ross, Fabolous, French Montana, Wale, Big Sean, Kendrick Lamar, Mac Miller, 2 Chainz and a Canadian rapper Drake – along with singing vocals by Jeremih, Trey Songz and Jordanne; as well as production that was provided by Jahlil Beats, SAP, All Star, Cardiak, Reginald Smith and Jesse Wilson, among others.
 The mixtape consists mostly of original material, including a remix to Meek Mill's single from his previous mixtape "Dreamchasers", "House Party", and a cover of Drake's "The Ride".
Dedication 5 is a mixtape by American rapper Lil Wayne.
 The mixtape was released on September 1, 2013.
 It is the fifth installment of Lil Wayne's ""Dedication"" series, following its predecessors "The Dedication", "Dedication 2", "Dedication 3" and "Dedication 4".
 It's also the fifth installment of Lil Wayne's "Gangsta Grillz" Pentalogy.
 The mixtape features guest appearances from The Weeknd, Chance the Rapper, Jae Millz, Future, Birdman, Mack Maine, T.I., Vado and Kidd Kidd among others.
You Are Forgiven is the debut mixtape by American hip hop recording artist MadeinTYO.
 It was originally released on April 27, 2016 by Privateclub Records on DatPiff, then it was re-released on August 19, 2016 on iTunes by Privateclub Records and Warner Bros.
 Records.
 "You Are Forgiven" features production from MadeinTYO himself, along with K Swisha, Richie Souf, Purps and ICYTWAT.
 It features guest appearances from 2 Chainz and Travis Scott.
 The mixtape was supported by the singles "Uber Everywhere", and "I Want".
The Real Is Back is the tenth mixtape by American rapper Jeezy, It was released on May 28, 2011.
 The Mixtape features guest appearances from 211, Slick Pulla, Scrilla, Fabolous, Yo Gotti, Lil Wayne, 2 Chainz, Boo, Freddie Gibbs, and Alley Boy. "
Ballin'" featuring Lil Wayne debuted and peaked at #57 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and would eventually be included as a track on the deluxe edition of Jeezy's fourth studio album "".
 Since the mixtape's release, it has been downloaded over 100k times on DatPiff, certifying the mixtape gold.
Dreamchasers 3 is the eighth mixtape by American rapper Meek Mill.
 It was released for free download on September 29, 2013, by Maybach Music Group and Dream Chasers Records.
 The mixtape also released on mixtape hosting websites.
 The mixtape features guest appearances from Travis Scott, Diddy, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Mase, French Montana, Future, Yo Gotti, Fabolous and Jadakiss, along with his Dream Chasers Records artists Lil Snupe, Omelly, Louie V Gutta and Guordan Banks, among others.
Michael Jones (born November 18, 1981) is an American rapper, actor, and entrepreneur.
 He initially was with Swishahouse, then left to found his own label, Ice Age.
 Before he was on Swishahouse he was in a group called Souf Folk, in which he used the alias Sache.
 He released one album with Souf Folk called "Country Thuggin" in 2003.
 He is also known for his catchphrase "Mike Jones, who?"
 usually repeated several times and for handing out shirts with his cell phone number (281-330-8004) printed on the back.
California Republic is the thirteenth mixtape by rapper Game hosted by DJ Skee.
 The mixtape was released April 5, 2012 in anticipation of Game's upcoming fifth album, and follows the highly successful mixtape "Purp and Patron" in 2011.
 The mixtape features guest appearances by Fat Joe, Rick Ross, Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Ace Hood, Meek Mill, 2 Chainz, French Montana, Slim Thug, Fabolous, Trey Songz, Snoop Dogg, Lupe Fiasco, Pharrell, Shyne, Nipsey Hussle, Teyana Taylor, Young Chris, Ben J, Mysonne, Lyfe Jennings, Drake, Lil Wayne, Mele, Lifestyle, Nobody, Eric Bellinger, Sam Hook, Kid Red, Kobe, Cyssero and Denise Janae.
 The mixtape contains a number of songs that were originally scheduled to appear on The R.E.D. Album.
 These include "Bottles and Rockin' J's", "Skate On", "When My Niggas Come Home" and "Roll My Shit".
Baby Face Killa is the ninth mixtape by American rapper Freddie Gibbs.
 It was released on September 25, 2012.
 It is the first installment of the Gangsta Grillz series featuring Gary, Indiana based Freddie Gibbs.
 The mixtape was announced shortly after the release of the previous street album "Cold Day In Hell".
 There are 18 tracks on the street album and additional bonus tracks on the deluxe edition that were released on iTunes.
 The mixtape features guest appearances from Pharrell Williams, Dana Williams, Z-Ro, Young Jeezy, Slick Pulla, Ea$y Money, YG, Dom Kennedy, SpaceGhostPurrp, Krayzie Bone, Jadakiss, Jay Rock, Wayne Blazed, Curren$y, Problem, G-Wiz, D-Edge, Hit Skrewface & Kirko Bangz.
