Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Manny Pacquiao, billed as "The Fight of the Century", or the "Battle for Greatness", was a professional boxing match between undefeated five-division world champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. and eight-division world champion Manny Pacquiao.
 It took place on May 2, 2015, at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Mayweather Jr. won the contest by unanimous decision, with two judges scoring it 116–112 and the other 118–110.
 Although the fight was considered to be one of the most anticipated sporting events in history, it was largely considered a letdown by critics and audiences alike upon its broadcast.
Canelo Álvarez vs. Alfonso Gómez was a Light Middleweight fight for the WBC World title.
 The fight took place in Staples Center, Los Angeles, California, United States on 17 September 2011 on the Floyd Mayweather Jr.-Victor Ortiz pay-per-view broadcast.
 The Mayweather-Ortiz fight took place at another location at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada taking place on the Mexican Independence weekend.
 Fans at Staples Center will be able to see the live feed from Las Vegas and also see Canelo Alvarez fight live that night, and the people in Las Vegas can see the live feed from the Canelo fight in the Staples Center.
Oscar De La Hoya vs. Manny Pacquiao, also billed as The Dream Match, was a professional boxing welterweight superfight.
 The bout took place on December 6, 2008 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
 Pacquiao defeated De La Hoya via technical knockout when De La Hoya decided not to continue with the fight before the start of the ninth round.
 The card was a co-production of Bob Arum's Top Rank Boxing and De La Hoya's Golden Boy Promotions and was aired live on pay-per-view (PPV) on HBO PPV.
 The fight is notable for propelling Manny Pacquiao to full-blown superstar status in much of the western world (mostly in The United States), as Oscar De La Hoya symbolically "passed the torch", so to speak, to Pacquiao.
Érik Morales vs Marco Antonio Barrera III, billed as Once and For All, was a professional boxing match between the three-division world champion Marco Antonio Barrera and reigning WBC Super Featherweight world champion Erik Morales.
 It took place on November 27, 2004, at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Barrera won the contest by majority decision, with two judges scoring it 115-113 and 115-114 for Barrera and the other 114-114.
 The fight was named the 2004 Ring Magazine Fight of the Year.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Robert Guerrero, billed as May Day, was a boxing welterweight championship superfight for Mayweather's World Boxing Council (WBC) Welterweight title and vacant "Ring" Welterweight title.
 The bout was held on May 4, 2013, in the MGM Grand Garden Arena at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States on Showtime PPV.
 The bout was the first major televised fight of Mayweather's career to not be aired on HBO PPV.
 The card featured some of the rising stars of Mayweather Promotions: J'Leon Love, Badou Jack, Luis Arias, Ronald Gavril and Lanell Bellows.
 Mayweather won via unanimous decision with Guerrero winning the first 3 rounds, then Mayweather adjusted and won from the 4th to 12th round.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Marcos Maidana, billed as "The Moment", was a boxing welterweight championship fight.
 The bout was held on May 3, 2014, in the MGM Grand Garden Arena, at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, on Showtime PPV.
The American Country Awards (ACA) is an annual country music awards show, entirely voted on by fans online.
 Created in 2010 by the Fox Network, the awards honor country music artists for singles, albums, music videos and touring categories.
 In 2012, "Song of the Year" was added with the nominations coming from the Nashville Songwriters International Association.
 In addition to the CMA Awards, the ACM Awards and the CMT Music Awards, it is the fourth major-awards show completely dedicated to the country music industry.
 The first two ceremonies took place at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada on December 6, 2010 and December 5, 2011.
 The 2012 ceremony took place at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, on December 10.
 Luke Bryan won nine awards, including artist and album of the year, while Miranda Lambert won three.
 Carrie Underwood won female artist of the year and Lauren Alaina won new artist of the year.
 The show was executive produced by Bob Bain, produced by Paul Flattery, Tisha Fein, Kelly Brock and Fletcher Foster and directed by Michael Dempsey.
 The Fox Network cancelled the American Country Awards in 2014 and replaced it with the American Country Countdown Awards from dick clark productions.
 The ratings for ACCA dropped dramatically compared to the 2013 American Country Awards.
 According to TV By The Numbers (http://tvbythenumbers.zap2it.com) 18-49 Ratings/Share dropped from 1.4/4 to 0.9/3 and viewership dropped from 5.14 million to 3.39 million.
The 18th Annual Latin Grammy Awards will be held on Thursday, November 16, 2017 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
 It will be broadcast on Univision at 8PM ET\PT.
 This will mark the tenth year Las Vegas hosts the Latin Grammy Awards and will also mark the telecasts return to the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Canelo Álvarez, billed as "The One", was a boxing light middleweight championship superfight.
 The bout was held on September 14, 2013, in the MGM Grand Garden Arena, at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, on Showtime PPV.
 Mayweather received $41.5 million for this fight before taking into account pay-per-view sales.
The MGM Grand Garden Arena (originally known as the MGM Grand Garden Special Events Center) is a multi-purpose arena located within the MGM Grand Las Vegas on the Las Vegas Strip.
