The Shrine Auditorium is a landmark large-event venue in Los Angeles, California.
 It is also the headquarters of the Al Malaikah Temple, a division of the Shriners.
 It was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 139) in 1975.
The Powder Magazine from Camp Drum is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles.
 Built in 1862, the Powder Magazine is a 20 x brick and stone structure that was used to store gunpowder during the Civil War.
 It was originally part of Camp Drum, a facility built upon the outbreak of the American Civil War to address concerns about the loyalty and security of the Los Angeles area.
 Many of the area's residents were recent arrivals from the Southern states, and southerner John C. Breckinridge received twice as many local votes as Abraham Lincoln in the 1860 Presidential election.
 Phineas Banning, the founder of Wilmington (then known as New San Pedro), wrote to President Lincoln advising that the Union would lose California unless some provision was made to quell pro-Confederacy sentiment.
 Camp Drum was built between 1862 and 1863 and was the home base for the California Column, commanded by Colonel James Henry Carleton.
 Between 2,000 and 7,000 soldiers were stationed at Camp Drum, and Wilmington became a thriving community with a population greater than Los Angeles during the war.
 The Powder Magazine is one of only two surviving structures from Camp Drum, the other being the Drum Barracks, which is now operated as a Civil War museum by the City of Los Angeles.
 The Powder Magazine has been used for various private uses over the years, at one point having another structure built around it.
 When the larger structure was torn down, the Powder Magazine was re-discovered.
 In order to save it from demolition, it was declared a Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #249) in August 1982.
 For more than two decades, it has sat on a vacant, fenced-off lot two blocks south of the Drum Barracks.
The Palm Court, also known at other times as the Franco-Italian Dining Room, the Grand Ballroom and the Continental Room, is a ballroom at the Hotel Alexandria in downtown Los Angeles, California.
 In its heyday from 1911 to 1922, it was the scene of speeches by U.S. Presidents William Howard Taft and Woodrow Wilson and Gen. John J. Pershing.
 It is also the room where Paul Whiteman, later known as the "Jazz King", got his start as a bandleader in 1919, where Rudolph Valentino danced with movie starlets, and where Hollywood held its most significant balls during the early days of the motion picture business.
 Known for its history and its stained-glass Tiffany skylight, noted Los Angeles columnist Jack Smith called it "surely the most beautiful room in Los Angeles".
 The Palm Court was designated as a City of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM#80) in 1971.
The Barry Building is a landmark commercial mid-twentieth century modern building located at 11973 San Vicente Boulevard in the heart of the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
 It was designed by architect Milton Caughey (1911-1958) and completed in 1951.
 In 2007, the building was listed as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument,(Historical Cultural Monument #887), making it one of the few mid-century modern commercial buildings to gain such status.
 It was identified by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission as being a well-preserved and notable example of the California-style modern design.
The Forthmann Carriage House, is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 103) located in Angelino Heights, Los Angeles, California.
 It is a 1,000 sq. ft. Victorian style carriage house built 1882, designed by Burgess J. Reeve.
 It was relocated in March 2006 from its original location at 629 West 18th Street.
 Los Angeles, California to its current location at 812 E Edgeware Rd.
 Los Angeles, California.
 The relocation was made possible thanks to the efforts of Barbara Behm, an independent developer who restored many properties in Angeleno Heights.
Susana Machado Bernard House and Barn is an elaborate 10000 sqft Art Nouveau Gothic Revival style mansion and carriage house located in the Pico Union section of Los Angeles, California.
 Built in 1901, the house was designed by noted architect John B. Parkinson (1861–1935).
 Parkinson also designed the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, Union Station and Los Angeles City Hall.
 Noted for its Gothic style with soaring spaces, the house has vaulted ceilings and curved walls.
 In 1979, it was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #208), and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The property was purchased in 1996 by the Center for Human Rights & Constitutional Law.
 Since 2002, the house has been operated as the Casa Libre/Freedom House, a fourteen-bed shelter for homeless minors.
 In May 2003, the "Los Angeles Times" profiled the shelter, noting the following: "Casa Libre/Freedom House occupies a newly renovated mansion near MacArthur Park.
 Registered as a state, county and federal historic site, the home's gothic facade rises elegantly from the corner of South Lake Street and James M. Wood Boulevard.
 The shelter arranges for schooling, counseling, and medical care for undocumented and unaccompanied immigrant children, mainly from Latin America.
The Kappe Residence is a house in the Pacific Palisades section of Los Angeles, California, designed by architect Raymond Kappe, FAIA, as his own residence.
 It is a modern design built into a heavily treed hillside.
 It was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 1996, and in 2008 it was named one of the top ten houses in Los Angeles by an expert panel selected by the "Los Angeles Times".
The Millennium Biltmore Hotel, originally named the Los Angeles Biltmore Hotel of the Biltmore Hotels group, is a luxury hotel located across the street from Pershing Square in Downtown Los Angeles, California, US.
 Upon its grand opening in 1923, the Los Angeles Biltmore was the largest hotel west of Chicago, Illinois in the United States.
 In 1969 the Biltmore Hotel was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument by the City of Los Angeles.
 Regal Hotels purchased the Biltmore in 1996, and then sold it in 1999 to Millennium & Copthorne Hotels.
 As of 2009, the Los Angeles Biltmore is operated as part of the Millennium & Copthorne Hotels chain as the Millennium Biltmore Hotel.
 The hotel has 70000 sqft of meeting and banquet space.
 From its original 1500 guestrooms it now has 683, due to room reorganization.
Birthplace of Adlai E. Stevenson II is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 35) in the West Adams neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
 The site was the birthplace of two-time US Presidential candidate Adlai E. Stevenson II, who was born there on February 5, 1900.
 The house was designed by C.W. Wedgewood and built in approximately 1894.
 When Stevenson died in 1965, the site was declared a Historic-Cultural Monument.
The Elkay Apartments is an historic five-unit two-story multi-family building located at 638-642 Kelton Avenue, in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
 Designed in 1948 in the international or modernistic style of architecture by noted Los Angeles architect Richard Neutra, it was completed in 1948 for noted violist Louis Kievman.
 The name Elkay is derived from his initials.
 The building is owned today by his daughter Karen Bruderlin It is next door to the Kelton Apartments designed by Neutra in 1941 for himself.
 Despite objections from the owners of the Elkay Apartments, on June 21, 1988, the City of Los Angeles designated the building a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument.
