Bill Summers (b. June 27, 1948) is a New Orleans based Afro-Cuban jazz/Latin jazz percussionist, a multi-instrumentalist who plays primarily on conga drums.
 Summers is probably best known for to his work with Los Hombres Calientes along with his friend and co-leader of the group, trumpeter Irvin Mayfield.
 However, despite this musical relationship, Summers has a much longer musical career than that, often working behind the scenes on film scores for various movies such as "The Color Purple" and the television miniseries "Roots" with Quincy Jones.
 He also played with Herbie Hancock during The Headhunters years, and is mentioned in passing by the liner notes of The Headhunters' 2003 release "Evolution Revolution" as contributing to that recording.
 His former wife is Yvette Bostic-Summers, who often sings on Los Hombres' albums.
Markku Tapani Pölönen (born 16 September 1957 in Eno) is a Finnish film director, screenwriter, editor and owner of film production company Suomen Filmiteollisuus.
 Pölönen's best known work is the 2004 film "Dog Nail Clipper" — directed and written by Pölönen — which was honoured with five awards at the 2005 Jussi Awards (Finland's premier film awards) including Best Direction and Best Script and which film critic Jay Weissberg from "Variety" called Pölönen's "most mature work to date".
 Pölönen has been awarded numerous additional Jussi awards, including best picture and best screenplay for "Onnen Maa" (1994); best picture and best director for "Kivenpyörittäjän kylä" (1995); and best picture, best director, and best screenplay for "A Summer by the River" (1999), plus many more Jussi awards for actors in Pölönen's films.
 Pölönen has further been nominated for at least two other Jussis that he did not win.
John Lee Hancock, Jr. (born December 15, 1956) is an American screenwriter, film director, and producer.
 He is best known for directing the sports drama films "The Rookie" (2002) and "The Blind Side" (2009), and the historical drama films "Saving Mr. Banks" (2013) and "The Founder" (2016).
Catherine Black is a Canadian film, TV and stage actress.
 Black is best known for starring opposite Peter Weller in one episode of the science fiction Showtime series, "Odyssey 5", playing Vanden, opposite Christian Bale, in the 2000 cult thriller "American Psycho", directed by Mary Harron, and starring with Crispin Glover in the 2009 period drama, "The Donner Party".
 Black won a Best Actress award at the 2014 Madrid International FIlm Festival for her performance in "De Puta Madre A Love Story", a short film that she also wrote and directed.
 The short film was also nominated for a Best Story and Best Short Film.
Leigha Kayleen Hancock (born June 7, 1986) is an American stunt actress best known for her role as the District 7 female tribute in "The Hunger Games".
Julien Nitzberg (born 1965) is a US screenwriter, stage writer, lyricist, theater director and film director, best known in the film world as the director of the documentary "The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia".
 In the theater world, Nitzberg is best known for his controversial musical "The Beastly Bombing or A Terrible Tale of Terrorists Tamed by the Tangles of True Love".
 Nitzberg wrote the book and lyrics and directed this musical in Los Angeles and New York.
 "The Beastly Bombing" won the LA Weekly Theater Award for Best Musical of the Year.
John D. Hancock (born February 12, 1939) is an American stage and film director, producer and writer.
 He is perhaps best known for his work on "Bang the Drum Slowly".
 Hancock's theatrical work includes direction of both classic and contemporary plays, from Shakespeare to Saul Bellow.
Chang Tsai-Hsing (Chinese: 張再興; born March 5, 1986) is best known for his acting roles as a gangster in various Taiwanese films and television series.
 He began his acting career in 2007, and is best known for his performance in "The Pace of Consciousness,” an autobiographical film that he wrote, directed, and starred in.
 For this film, he also received the 33rd Golden Harvest Award for Best Actor.
 He is currently studying in the College of Creative Media in Kun Shan University.
Jae Head (born December 27, 1996) is an American teen actor.
 He is best known for portraying Sean Junior (S.J.) Tuohy, son of Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy (played by Tim McGraw and Sandra Bullock), in the 2009 film "The Blind Side" directed by John Lee Hancock.
 Head first gained popularity by playing Bo Miller, a young boy befriended by Tim Riggins on the television series "Friday Night Lights".
 Subsequently, show creator Peter Berg cast Head in his film "Hancock" alongside Will Smith, Charlize Theron, and Jason Bateman.
 Head has also appeared in episodes of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", "MADtv", and "".
Derek Scott (25 December 1921 – 27 May 2006) was a British film, television and stage musical director, film and television composer and musician.
 He started his career as a double act with both Terry-Thomas and Tony Hancock before becoming a composer for film and television and "one of Britain’s best known light entertainment musical directors."
