A hulder is a seductive forest creature found in Scandinavian folklore.
 (Her name derives from a root meaning "covered" or "secret".)
 In Norwegian folklore, she is known as huldra ("the [archetypal] hulder", though folklore presupposes that there is an entire Hulder race and not just a single individual).
 She is known as the skogsrå "forest spirit" or Tallemaja "pine tree Mary" in Swedish folklore, and ulda in Sámi folklore.
 Her name suggests that she is originally the same being as the völva divine figure Huld and the German Holda.
Scandinavian folklore or Nordic folklore is the folklore of Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, Iceland and the Faroe Islands.
Jenny Eugenia Nyström (13 or 15 June 1854 in Kalmar, Sweden – 17 January 1946 in Stockholm) was a painter and illustrator who is mainly known as the person who created the Swedish image of the "jultomte" on numerous Christmas cards and magazine covers, thus linking the Swedish version of Santa Claus to the gnomes of Scandinavian folklore.
A Pukwudgie also spelled Puk-Wudjie (another spelling, "Puck-wudj-ininee", is translated by Henry Schoolcraft as "little wild man of the woods that vanishes") is a creature found in Delaware and Wampanoag folklore, sometimes said to be 2 to .
In Norse mythology, a vǫrðr (pl.
 varðir or verðir — "warden," "watcher" or "caretaker") is a warden spirit, believed to follow from birth to death the soul ("hugr") of every person.
 In Old Swedish, the corresponding word is "varþer"; in modern Swedish "vård", and the belief in them remained strong in Scandinavian folklore up until the last centuries.
 The English word '"wraith" is derived from "vǫrðr", while "" and "warden" are cognates.
The almaz (Chechen: "almaz" or "hun-sag"; Adyghe: "almesti"), roughly translated as various "feral forest-man" or "stone spirit", is a mythical beast that is considered to be an evil forest creature with magical powers residing in its hair that exists in Chechen and Ingush folk beliefs and Circassian folk beliefs.
 The first "attestation" of it in writing was by a Bavarian captive of the Mongols, but it is present in the national folklore of Chechens and Ingush and of Circassians.
 The male almaz is said to be hairy and hideous, and have an axe embedded in its chest, while the female is very beautiful with large breasts and golden hair, and has a "favorite pastime" of dancing naked at night under the moon.
 The almaz is said to have magical powers residing in its hair, but if the hair is removed or even grabbed, it may be rendered helpless.
 It has been theoried by some to have arisen under Mongolian influence, either during the Mongol invasions of Dzurdzuketia or the intervening period where the northern Dzurdzuk state of Simsir was subjugated to the Mongol-controlled Golden Horde.
 The word "almaz" is a loan from Mongolian where it originally meant "forest man".
 Amjad Jaimoukha however suggested that the name "almaz" may have started to have been used by North Caucasians for an already existent native concept during the sojourn of the Golden Horde of Simsir.
A selkie is a mythological creature found in Faroese, Icelandic, Irish, and Scottish folklore.
Magical creatures are a colourful aspect of the fictional wizarding world contained in the "Harry Potter" series by J. K. Rowling.
 Throughout the seven books of the series, Harry and his friends come across many of these creatures on their adventures, as well as in the Care of Magical Creatures class at Hogwarts.
 Rowling has also written "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them", a guide to the magical beasts found in the series.
 Many of these are derived from folklore, primarily Greek mythology, but also British and Scandinavian folklore.
 Many of the legends surrounding mythical creatures are also incorporated in the books.
 "Children ... know that I didn't invent unicorns, but I've had to explain frequently that I didn't actually invent hippogriffs," Rowling told Stephen Fry in an interview for BBC Radio 4.
 "When I do use a creature that I know is a mythological entity, I like to find out as much as I can about it.
 I might not use it, but to make it as consistent as I feel is good for my plot."
Tradition history or criticism is a methodology of Biblical criticism that was developed by Hermann Gunkel.
 Tradition history seeks to analyze biblical literature in terms of the process by which biblical traditions passed from stage to stage into their final form, especially how they passed from oral tradition to written form.
 Tradition history/criticism is a sister discipline of form criticism—also associated with Gunkel, who used the results of source and form criticism to develop the history of tradition interpretation.
 Form criticism and tradition criticism thus overlap, though the former is more narrow in focus.
 Tradition history is connected with secular folklore studies, especially Axel Olrik's analysis of Scandinavian folklore and the "laws" which he established concerning the nature of such folklore.
 The stories in the Bible were then analyzed on the basis of these "laws".
A changeling is a creature found in folklore and folk religion.
 A changeling child was believed to be a fairy child that had been left in place of a human child stolen by the fairies.
 The theme of the swapped child is common in medieval literature and reflects concern over infants thought to be afflicted with unexplained diseases, disorders, or developmental disabilities.
