The 1999–2000 Phoenix Coyotes season was the Coyotes' fourth season in Phoenix, the franchise's 21st season in the NHL and 28th overall.
 The Coyotes made the Stanley Cup playoffs, losing in the first round.
Tyler Redenbach (born September 25, 1984) is a professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing for HC Pardubice in the Czech Extraliga (Czech).
 Redenbach was selected 77th overall by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Jordan Martinook (born July 25, 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.
 He is currently playing with the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Martinook was selected by the Phoenix Coyotes in the second round (58th overall) of the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Max Domi (born March 2, 1995) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Domi was originally selected eighth overall in the 2011 OHL Priority Selection by the Kingston Frontenacs.
 He was selected by the Phoenix Coyotes in the first round, 12th overall, of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
 He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
 Domi is of Albanian descent; his paternal grandparents immigrated to Canada during wars and tumult in their native country.
 His father is former Toronto Maple Leafs legend Tie Domi.
 Growing up, Domi's favourite team was the Toronto Maple Leafs, partially due to his father's many seasons with the club.
Viktor Vasilievich Tikhonov (Russian: Виктор Васильевич Тихонов ; born 12 May 1988) is a Latvian-born Russian-American professional ice hockey forward currently under contract to SKA St. Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
 Tikhonov was originally selected 28th overall in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft, by the Phoenix Coyotes.
 After several years in the NHL with the Coyotes, Tikhonov moved to the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) in Russia, where he spent four years with SKA St. Petersburg.
 In 2015, he returned to the NHL, signing a contract with the Chicago Blackhawks, appearing in 11 games for them before he was claimed on waivers by the Coyotes.
 He was named after his grandfather, Viktor Vasilyevich Tikhonov, the late Soviet ice hockey player and coach.
 His father was Vasily Tikhonov, who was also an ice hockey coach.
 Born in Latvia while it was still a member of the USSR, Tikhonov has represented Russia internationally, participating in several World Championships and the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.
Brian "Boosh" Boucher (pronounced "Boo-shay") (born January 2, 1977) is a retired American professional ice hockey goaltender, who played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Phoenix Coyotes, Calgary Flames, Chicago Blackhawks, Columbus Blue Jackets, San Jose Sharks, and Carolina Hurricanes.
 He currently holds the NHL's modern record for the longest shutout streak, 332 minutes and 1 second, set while he was a member of the Phoenix Coyotes during the 2003–04 NHL season.
 He is currently a television analyst for the Philadelphia Flyers.
 Boucher also currently works as a game and studio analyst on national NBCSN (and NBC) games.
 In addition to NBCSN, Boucher is also a studio analyst for NHL Network.
Marek Langhamer (born 22 July 1994) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender.
 He is currently playing with the Tucson Roadrunners in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect under contract with the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Langhamer was selected by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 7th round (184th overall) of the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Keith Galen Ballard (born November 26, 1982) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who previously played in the National Hockey League with the Phoenix Coyotes, Florida Panthers, Vancouver Canucks and the Minnesota Wild.
 He played college hockey for the Minnesota Golden Gophers of the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA) for three seasons.
 After his freshman year, he was selected 11th overall by the Buffalo Sabres in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
 Before he made his NHL debut, he was traded twice – initially to the Colorado Avalanche, then to the Phoenix Coyotes.
 He played his professional rookie season in 2004–05 with the Coyotes' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Utah Grizzlies, then debuted with Phoenix the following season.
 After three years, he was traded to the Florida Panthers, where he spent two seasons before being dealt to Vancouver at the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
 Internationally, Ballard has represented the United States in four World Championships, winning bronze in 2004.
 He has also played in two junior tournaments – the 2000 IIHF World U18 Championships and 2002 World Junior Championships.
The 1998–99 Phoenix Coyotes season was the Coyotes' third season in Phoenix, the franchise's 20th season in the NHL and 27th overall.
 The Coyotes made the playoffs, losing in the first round.
The 2008–09 Phoenix Coyotes season was the team's 37th season, 30th season in the National Hockey League and 13th season as the Phoenix Coyotes.
 It saw the Coyotes attempt to qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time since 2002.
 However, during the month of March, they were eliminated from the playoffs, and ended up 13th in the NHL's Western Conference.
