Clifford A. 'Soney' Vaughs (April 16, 1937 – July 2, 2016) was an American civil rights activist, filmmaker, and motorcycle builder.
 Vaughs designed the two chopper motorcycles used for the 1969 film 'Easy Rider', while an Associate Producer on the film.
 He also produced and directed the documentary 'What Will the Harvest Be?'
 (1965) and 'Not So Easy' (1972).
Blake Reid Blake Reid (born and raised in Cremona, Alberta) is a Canadian country music and roots singer-songwriter.
 To date he has released 2 albums as a solo artist.
 His first album 'Against the Grain' was released independently in 2012.
 Reid signed to Royalty Records and released 'Rust' in 2015, distributed by Sony Music Canada.
 In 2017, he formed the 'Blake Reid Band' and is featured in the award winning full length film/music documentary 'No Roads In' with respective 'No Roads In' album set to be released late 2017.
Small Teen, Bigger World was a four-part documentary following the life of a teenager with dwarfism, Jasmine Burkitt, and details her family and life.
 It was the second series to follow Jasmine's life, following the hour-long documentary 'Small Teen, Big World', which aired in July 2010.
 Small Teen, Bigger World aired during the summer of 2011, and was part of the 'Extraordinary Me' season on BBC Three.
Tyne O'Connell (full name Clementyne Rose O'Connell) is an English author born in Windsor, who lives and works in Mayfair, London.
 Mayfair serves as a backdrop for much of her contemporary women's fiction, including "Making The A list" (Headline Review, 1999) and "Sex With The Ex" (Red Dress Ink UK, 2004).
 She has written for publications such as "Ms.", "Elle UK" and "Journal".
 Her short stories appear in "Girls' Night Out" and "Kid's Night In".
 She is a contributor to "Holiday Goddess".
 O'Connell is The Eccentrics Club's (whose patron is HRH The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh), "Most Eccentric Thinker of the Year" 2015.
 <br><br>Bloomsbury USA published a compilation of O'Connell's YA fiction 'Royal Match' and 'Royal Mess' in 2012 to coincide with the Royal Wedding.
 Soon after O'Connell was diagnosed with a brain tumour and began writing her history of eccentricity as a quintessential aspect of the British and Irish character.
 CNN Style in its documentary 'The Adorned' describes O'Connell "The Mayfair-based author and socialite seems to have been torn straight from the pages of an Evelyn Waugh novel; with her cut-glass accent, perma-fixed tiara and layers of pearls.
Documentary mode is a conceptual scheme developed by American documentary theorist Bill Nichols that seeks to distinguish particular traits and conventions of various documentary film styles.
 Nichols identifies six different documentary 'modes' in his schema: poetic, expository, observational, participatory, reflexive, and performative.
 While Nichols' discussion of modes does progress chronologically with the order of their appearance in practice, documentary film often returns to themes and devices from previous modes.
 Therefore, it is inaccurate to think of modes as historical punctuation marks in an evolution towards an ultimate accepted documentary style.
 Also, modes are not mutually exclusive.
 There is often significant overlapping between modalities within individual documentary features.
 As Nichols points out, "the characteristics of a given mode function as a dominant in a given film…but they do not dictate or determine every aspect of its organization."
 (Nichols 2001)
Divine Trash is a 1998 documentary film directed by Steve Yeager about the life and work of John Waters.
Gurvinder Singh is an Indian film director.
 He is best known for his Punjabi language films "Anhe Ghore Da Daan", and Chauthi Koot (The Fourth Direction) which premiered at Venice and Cannes Film Festival respectively.
 Gurvinder is an alumnus of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune from where he studied film-making and graduated in 2001.
 He travelled extensively through Punjab between 2002 and 2006, living and wandering with folk itinerants, documenting folk ballads and oral narratives.
 It led to his first documentary ‘Pala’.
 He continued to make short experimental works and documenting arts/artists for the next few years.
 In 2005 he was invited by avant-garde Indian filmmaker Mani Kaul to be his teaching assistant for a master-class at FTII, which led to a close association with the filmmaker who became his mentor.
 He translated and published a book of conversations of Udayan Vajpeyi with Mani Kaul, titled ‘Uncloven Space’.
 His latest film is 'infiltrator' starring Veer Rajwant Singh which is a 15 minute short story in an international omnibus called 'In the same garden'
A Horse with No Name is an independently produced feature film by Matthew and Barnaby O'Connor.
 Its two key distinguishing factors are the budget, which was $10,000 (considered very small by Hollywood standards) and the fact the film was written as it was made - something none of the actors in the film knew was happening.
 As far as the cast were aware the script had already been written and they would receive dialogue on the day to 'keep it fresh'.
 This whole process was documented in the feature length behind the scenes documentary '13 States' which was described by one review as 'behind the scenes carnage the likes of which you have never seen before'.
In Greek mythology, the name Theobule (Ancient Greek: Θεοβούλη from θεός + βούλλα ‘divine will’ or ‘divine counsel’) refers to:
Chris Chapman (Born June 15, 1981) is a television Producer-Director and Writer.
 Chapman is best known for his BAFTA-nominated BBC documentary 'Stammer School' as well as producing and directing 40 Doctor Who documentaries for the classic BBC DVD range and various different factual series for broadcast including CBBC's 'Our School'.
 He is the writer of Doctor Who stories 'The Memory Bank' and 'The Middle' for Big Finish.
