On December 11, 1941, in response to Italy declaring war on the United States, four days following the Japanese surprise attack on Pearl Harbor, and three days after the United States declaration of war on the Empire of Japan, the United States Congress passed the Joint Resolution Declaring That a State of War Exists Between The Government of Italy and the Government and the People of the United States and Making Provisions to Prosecute the Same, thereby declaring war against Italy.
 It also declared war upon Germany that same day.
The Frederick Douglass Memorial is a memorial commemorating Frederick Douglass, installed at the northwest corner of New York City's Central Park, in the U.S. state of New York.
 The memorial includes an 8-foot bronze sculpture depicting Douglass by Gabriel Koren and a large circle and fountain designed by Algernon Miller.
 Additionally, Quennell Rothschild & Partners is credited as the memorial's architecture, and Polich-Tallix served as the foundry.
 The memorial was dedicated on September 20, 2011, and was funded by the Percent for Art program and the Department of Cultural Affairs.
The USS "Arizona" Memorial, at Pearl Harbor in Honolulu, Hawaii, marks the resting place of 1,102 of the 1,177 sailors and Marines killed on  during the Japanese surprise attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941 and commemorates the events of that day.
 The attack on Pearl Harbor and the island of Oʻ ahu led to the United States' direct involvement in World War II.
The Loos Memorial is a World War I memorial forming the sides and rear of Dud Corner Cemetery, located near the commune of Loos-en-Gohelle, in the Pas-de-Calais département of France.
 The memorial lists 20,610 names of British and Commonwealth soldiers with no known grave who were killed in the area during and after the Battle of Loos, which started on 25 September 1915.
 This memorial covers the same sector of the front as the Le Touret Memorial, with each memorial commemorating the dead either side of the date of the start of the Battle of Loos.
John Paul Jones Memorial Park is a municipal park in the town of Kittery, Maine.
 The trapezoidal park, flanked by the lanes of United States Route 1 approaching the Memorial Bridge across the Piscataqua River, was established in 1926 and named for American Revolutionary War naval hero John Paul Jones.
 Its centerpiece is a memorial commemorating the soldiers and sailors of the state of Maine, designed by Bashka Paeff.
 The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
The Fallen Worker Memorial is a memorial commemorating workers killed on the job, installed outside the Oregon State Capitol, in Salem, Oregon, United States.
 The memorial, which was proposed by Oregon AFL–CIO, approved by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department, and dedicated in April 2009, features a bronze plaque and benches, cheery trees, and additional landscaping adjacent to the Labor and Industries Building.
 Construction cost approximately $20,000 and was funded by donations.
 The site has hosted services in observance of Workers' Memorial Day.
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, also referred to as Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day or Pearl Harbor Day, is observed annually in the United States on December 7, to remember and honor the 2,403 citizens of the United States who were killed in the Japanese surprise attack on Pearl Harbor in Hawaii on December 7, 1941.
Japan–United States relations (日米関係 ) began in the late 18th and early 19th century, with the diplomatic but force-backed missions of U.S. ship captains James Glynn and Matthew C. Perry to the Tokugawa shogunate being of particular importance.
 The countries maintained relatively cordial relations after that, and Japanese immigration to the United States was prominent until the 20th century, up until the 1930s, when Japanese actions during the Second Sino-Japanese War caused the United States to impose harsh sanctions against Japan, ultimately leading to the Japanese surprise attack against the US naval base at Pearl Harbor, opening the Pacific War theater of World War II.
 The United States and its Allies ultimately defeated Japan, and war ended with the American atomic bombings of the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
 Japan surrendered, and was subjected to seven years of military occupation by the United States, during which the American occupiers helped rebuild the country, shared American technology, and carried out widespread political and economic reforms so as to transform Japan into a democracy and a potential bulwark against Communism.
 Following the end of the occupation, the countries' relationship prospered again.
 A new military alliance treaty, an exchange of technology and culture produced a strong alliance.
 The countries' trade relationship has particularly prospered since then, with Japanese automobiles and consumer electronics being especially popular.
The Battle of Savanur occurred between the forces of the Maratha Empire and the forces of the Kingdom of Mysore from September 1786 to October 1786.
 Maratha general, Haripant's army decided to move to Savanur due to growing illness and lack of resources amongst his Maratha troops.
 His army was pursued by the forces of Tipu Sultan, who made two attacks early in September on the Maratha camp, which proved to be indecisive.
 On 15 September 1786, Tipu's army encamped approximately 5 miles from Savanur.
 On 1 October 1786, Tipu's army divided into four columns and made a surprise attack on the Maratha position.
 The Marathas, however, were informed by their spies about Tipu's surprise attack and had evacuated their position.
 The Marathas moved to a height from which they attacked Tipu's forces with artillery.
 Tipu ordered his troops not to fire back to deceive the Marathas into thinking that he did not possess long range guns.
 He did this to lure the Marathas to make an offensive.
 The strategy had proven to be effective, and the Marathas advanced to the Mysore position.
 When the Marathas had come close enough, Tipu's army unleashed a strong barrage of heavy fire on them.
 Tipu's heavy firing on the Marathas continued for approximately 7 hours.
 The Marathas were forced to retreat and Tipu Sultan entered Savanur on 10 October 1786 with support from the inhabitants of the city.
Thomas James Reeves, born in Thomaston, Connecticut, December 9, 1895, was a US Navy radioman who became the namesake of the destroyer escort USS "Reeves" .
 Reeves was killed during the Japanese surprise attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, and posthumously received the Medal of Honor.
