Deutsche Wirtschaftsbetriebe (German: "for 'German Economic Enterprises"' ) abbreviated DWB, was a Nazi German project launched in World War II by the Allgemeine SS to profit from the use of forced and compulsory labour extracted from the Nazi concentration camp inmates.
Troum is a German project of drone music, ambient music, noise music, and experimental music.
 It was founded in the late 1990s by Stefan Knappe (a.k.a. Baraka[H]) and Martin Gitschel (a.k.a. Glit[S]ch).
 It is sometimes considered to be the follow-up project to Maeror Tri.
 Stefan Knappe is also the founder and owner of Drone Records.
"Nocturnal" is a song by English DJ duo Disclosure, with featured vocals by Canadian singer The Weeknd.
 The song was released as the fifth single from the duo's second studio album, "Caracal", on 16 February 2016.
 The song peaked at number 103 on the UK Singles Chart, number 179 on the French Singles Chart, and number 16 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance/Electronic Songs chart.
"Endless Summer" is a song by German singer Oceana Mahlmann, from her second album "My House" (2012), serving as the lead single.
 It was the official UEFA Euro 2012 theme song.
 The song uses a sample of the electro track "Blaue Moschee" by German project Die Vögel.
Pierre Célestin Munyanshongore (born 1942 in Butare province and died in 2011) was an ethnic Hutu engineer in Rwanda.
 He attended university in Germany and graduated with a Mechanical Engineering degree in the 1960s.
 He was the director of a German project until 1994.
 At the end of the 1994 genocide Munyanshongore was arrested and released after eight years in prison.
 Before his death on November 27, 2011, he ran an education development project based in the Eastern province of Rwanda.
The Borghild Project was a hoax purported to be evidence for a German project during World War II aimed at combating the spread of syphilis among Nazi troops by supplying soldiers with sex dolls.
 Adolf Hitler supposedly approved the project to distribute inflatable sex dolls to his soldiers, which could be transported in their backpacks in order to give them an option to avoid places of prostitution in Paris.
 After years of being considered a real project, the lack of evidence supporting its existence led to it being deemed a hoax in the early 2000s, for various reasons.
"Run the World" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her seventh studio album "Love?
" (2011).
 Written and produced by Terius "The-Dream" Nash and C. "Tricky" Stewart, "Run the World" was one of several songs recorded with the duo following Lopez's move from Epic Records to Island Records.
 The track originally featured vocals from The-Dream and a rap verse from American rapper Rick Ross however, the rap verse was removed during mastering process and The-Dream was credited with background vocals instead.
"The NeverEnding Story" is the title song from the English version of the 1984 film "The NeverEnding Story".
 It was performed by Limahl.
 Limahl released two versions of the song, one in English and one in French.
 The English version featured vocals by Beth Anderson, and the French version featured vocals by Ann Calvert.
 It was a success in many countries, reaching No. 1 in Norway and Sweden, No. 2 in Austria, Germany and Italy, No. 4 in the UK, No. 6 in Australia and No. 6 in the US Billboard Adult Contemporary chart.
"Red Nation" is a song by American rapper and West Coast hip hop artist Game featuring vocals from rapper Lil Wayne, from his anticipated fourth studio album "The R.E.D. Album".
 Released as the album's lead single on April 12, 2011, the song was written by Game and Lil Wayne, and it was produced by Miami-based production duo Cool & Dre, noted for producing three of Game's singles including the 2005 smash hit single "Hate It or Love It" which featured vocals from former fellow G-Unit member rapper 50 Cent.
 The single also marks the second collaboration between Game and Lil Wayne, their first collaboration being on Game's 2008 international hit single "My Life" from his third studio album "LAX" (2008), which featured vocals from Lil Wayne during the song's chorus.
 The song features a music sample of the nightclub hit "Kernkraft 400" (2000) (German for "Nuclear Energy 400") performed by German techno and electro band Zombie Nation from their debut album "Leichenschmaus" (1999).
I've Got My Own Album to Do is the first solo album by English musician Ronnie Wood, released in September 1974.
 An all-star project recorded outside of his activities with the Faces, it reached number 27 on the UK's "New Musical Express" chart.
 The title was thought to be a dig at Rod Stewart, who appeared to be more committed to his solo career than working with the Faces.
 Wood has said that the album title originated from contributors such as George Harrison and Mick Jagger "nagging me to let them go home" and finish their own projects.
 The album was recorded at The Wick, Wood's house in Richmond, south-west London.
