Mote Marine Laboratory is an independent, not-for-profit marine research organization based on City Island in Sarasota, Florida.
 Founded in 1955 by Eugenie Clark in Placida, Florida, it was known as the Cape Haze Marine Laboratory until 1967.
 The laboratory aims to advance the science of the sea, both through its marine and estuarine research labs and through the public Mote Aquarium and its affiliated educational programs.
The Leigh Marine Laboratory is the marine research facility for the University of Auckland in New Zealand.
 The laboratory is situated in north eastern New Zealand, 100 km north of Auckland city.
 The facility is perched on the cliffs overlooking the Goat Island marine reserve that covers 5 km of coastline from Cape Rodney to Okakari Point.
 The laboratory provides the facilities to support a wide range of field based research, including overnight field trips for undergraduate students and for postgraduate students to live on campus.
 The laboratory has a fleet of small boats, including a 15 m long research vessel, "Hawere".
The University of the Visayas (UV) is an educational institution located at Cebu City, Philippines.
 It was the first school in the province of Cebu to gain university status.
Linwood Pendleton (born July 20, 1964) is an American environmental economist and a Senior Scholar of Ocean and Coastal Policy at Duke University's Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions.
 Since October 2014, he holds the International Chair in Marine Ecosystem Services at LabexMER and European Institute for Marine Studies (IUEM - University of Western Brittany).
 Pendleton is also an Adjunct Associate Professor at the Duke University Marine Laboratory, part of the Nicholas School of the Environment.
 Previously, Pendleton served as the Director of Ocean and Coastal Policy for the Nicholas Institute from 2009-2013, and was the Acting Chief Economist for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) from 2011-2013.
Shoals Marine Laboratory (SML) is a seasonal marine field station located on Appledore Island, Maine, in the United States.
 Appledore Island is the largest of the Isles of Shoals archipelago, a group of rocky islands just offshore of the coastline of Maine and New Hampshire.
 The laboratory is cooperatively operated and maintained by Cornell University and the University of New Hampshire.
 Shoals is a residential facility where participants and staff live together in a close-knit learning community.
 SML's academic program runs from May through August to accommodate off-campus study for undergraduates.
 Limited access for research can be arranged during the off-season.
 Access to Appledore Island is provided by Shoals Marine Laboratory vessels operated by laboratory personnel.
 SML administrative offices are at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and at the University of New Hampshire in Durham, New Hampshire.
The Hawai`i Institute of Marine Biology (HIMB) is a marine biology laboratory located on the state-owned Coconut Island in Kāne'ohe Bay.
 Coconut Island is approximately 29 acre , including 6 acre of enclosed lagoons used to keep organisms being studied in captivity.
 Surrounding it are 64 acre of coral reef, designated by the state of Hawai‘i as the Hawai‘i Marine Laboratory Refuge.
 It is part of the University of Hawaii at Manoa.
 It is the only research facility in the world built on a coral reef.
The "Chesapeake Biological Laboratory" (CBL) is a marine science laboratory on the Chesapeake Bay in Solomons, Maryland, and it is the oldest state-supported marine laboratory on the East Coast of the U.S.
 It was founded in 1925 in a small waterman's shack by Dr. Reginald V. Truitt and is part of the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science.
Ivar Langen (born December 21, 1942) was the rector at the University of Stavanger from 2003 to 2007.
 He was a central figure in the campaign to gain university status for Stavanger University College, which was awarded in 2005.
The Gatty Marine Laboratory is a science facility located in the coastal town of St Andrews in Fife, Scotland.
 It is part of the University of St Andrews and home to the Scottish Oceans Institute, an interdisciplinary research institute studying the marine environment, specifically the behaviour, ecology, physiology, population biology and functional genomics of marine organisms.
 The Gatty Marine Laboratory is known as the place where Richard G. Morris developed the Morris water navigation task in the early 1980s.
The Dove Marine Laboratory is a research and teaching laboratory which forms part of the School of Marine Science and Technology within Newcastle University in the United Kingdom.
