The Paul J. and Ida Trier House is a historic building located in Johnston, Iowa, United States.
 It is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in 1958.
 It was the last of seven Wright Usonians built in Iowa.
 While it is now located in a residential area, it was constructed in an area surrounded by rural farmland.
 The Trier house is a variation on the 1953 Exhibition House at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York.
 The north wing of the house was designed by Taliesin Associates and built in 1967.
 It was originally the carport, which was enclosed for a playroom.
 The present carport on the front and an extension of the shop was added at the same time.
The A. H. Bulbulian Residence is a house located at 1229 Skyline Drive, Rochester, Minnesota, United States.
 It was designed by noted architect Frank Lloyd Wright for Arthur H. Bulbulian, a pioneer in the field of facial prosthetics.
 It is down the street from the Thomas Keys House and not far from the James McBean Residence, all three examples of Wright's Usonian genre of architecture.
 The Bulbulian Residence is a one-story house built with one 120-degree angle, and is constructed of cement brick and cypress.
 The house has recently been restored to near-original condition.
The Theodore A. Pappas House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian house in St. Louis, Missouri.
 The Pappas house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, when it was only 15 years old.
 It is one of two houses in St. Louis designed by Wright, the only Usonian Automatic in Missouri.
 Wright designed it between 1955 and 1959 at the Pappas’ request, and Theodore and Bette Pappas built the house together with the help of day laborers between 1960 and 1964.
 The Pappas house is a rambling four-bedroom house, and after the Gerald B. and Beverley Tonkens House, is the largest of the Usonian Automatics built.
The Gildersleeve House was a house located at 108 Broadway in Hudson, Illinois.
 Settler James T. Gildersleeve built the Greek Revival house for his family in 1836.
 Gildersleeve founded the village of Hudson and named it after the area of New York where he formerly lived.
 The house was the village's first frame house and was its finest home in its early years; as a result, it hosted local events and was the village's first post office.
 Gildersleeve planted five oak trees outside the house; the trees grew together at their base, giving the house the name "Five Oaks".
 The house was demolished in 2000.
The Lloyd Lewis House in Libertyville, Illinois is a Usonian house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1939.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The client for this house was the editor of the Chicago Daily News.
 This is a two-story house located near the Des Plaines River.
The Robert H. Sunday House is located in Marshalltown, Iowa, United States.
 It was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in the Usonian style, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Initially the Sunday's choose the Usonian Automatic, a natural concrete block model, for their home.
 When it provided unworkable, Wright sent the plans for this house.
 In style and materials it is very similar to the 1953 Usonian Exhibition House.
 It was the sixth of seven houses designed by Wright and built in this style in Iowa.
 Sunday, who owned Marshall Lumber in Marshalltown, acted as his own general contractor.
 In fact, he and his wife did much of the work themselves.
 It is also believed to be last of this style built in brick.
 John H. Howe, a Wright assistant who supervised the initial construction, designed an addition to this house in 1970 that conforms seamlessly with the original.
 It includes the family room, family room terrace, and the dining room.
 The original house followed an "L" shaped plan, and with the addition it is now a "T" shaped plan.
 Howe had previously designed (1964) the building for Sunday's business.
The James B. Christie House is a large, flat-roofed Usonian on a wooded site in Bernardsville, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.
 The Christie House, built in 1940, is Frank Lloyd Wright's oldest and, at 2000 sqft , Wright's largest house in New Jersey.
 The residence has one story and is made of brick, cypress, and redwood.
The Zimmerman House is a house located at 223 Heather Street, in a residential area of the north end of Manchester, New Hampshire.
 It is a usonian house designed in 1950 by Frank Lloyd Wright for Dr. Isadore and Lucille Zimmerman.
 It is a single-story structure, organized around a large L-shaped central chimney, and covered by a deeply overhanging roof.
 The rooms are arranged in a single line (except one).
 Wright redesigned the house around a rock just outside the front entrance.
 Most of its Wright-designed interior features are intact, including concrete floors, cypress woodwork finishes, and fabrics.
 Wright designed a special music stand for four musicians.
 Tours through the building are operated by the Currier Museum of Art.
The Hause House project was one of the many un-built works designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1939.
 This building structure was one of his Usonian designs that was a short-tailed rectangular plan to be located in Lansing, Michigan.
 Although the structure was never built, it was developed into working drawings and was utilized in the creation of another Frank Lloyd Wright design for the Florida Southern College Faculty House.
 The Hause House was a Usonian based on the design of wood board and batten exterior as many of them are, while the Florida Southern College Faculty House was a concrete structure.
 Many similarities are seen on each floor plan with only minor changes due to the Hause projects site location.
The Ritcher House is considered to be one of the best examples of Frank Lloyd Wright's Usonian mode of design in North Carolina.
 Located near downtown Raleigh, the house is one of many Modernist houses that were built in the city during the mid-20th century.
 Most of these homes were designed by faculty members of the North Carolina State University School of Design.
 Established in 1948 by Henry Kamphoefner, the school hired several Modernist architects as faculty members.
 Kamphoefner was awarded the North Carolina Award for Fine Arts in 1978 for his work and for his encouragement of other Modernists to build and design homes in the state.
 On September 21, 1994, the Ritcher House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The house is also a Raleigh Historic Landmark.
