"Blue Rondo à la Turk" is a jazz standard composition by Dave Brubeck.
 It appeared on the album "Time Out" in 1959.
 It is written in time, with one side theme in , and the choice of rhythm was inspired by the Turkish aksak time signatures.
 It was originally recorded by the Dave Brubeck Quartet with Dave Brubeck on piano, Paul Desmond on alto saxophone, Eugene Wright on bass, and Joe Morello on drums.
Park Avenue South is 2003 live album by pianist Dave Brubeck and his quartet.
 The album was recorded over two nights in a branch of Starbucks in Manhattan.
Just You, Just Me is a 1994 album by Dave Brubeck.
 This album is the 3rd of Brubeck's solo works preceded by Brubeck Plays Brubeck and Plays and Plays and....
 There was a 37-year gap between "Brubeck Plays and Plays" and this album with Brubeck focusing on working with his quartet during that time.
 Brubeck writes that for this album, "...I prefer to record in the same way as I play at home..." with all of the songs on this album being first takes with no advanced editing.
 The exception to this is "I Understand" of which Brubeck did three takes playing each in different ways.
Take Five Live is a 1961 live album by the American jazz singer Carmen McRae, focusing on the songs composed by Dave Brubeck.
 This was McRae's second album with Brubeck; their first, "Tonight Only with the Dave Brubeck Quartet", was released in 1960.
Robert Philip "Bobby" Militello (born March 25, 1950 in Buffalo) is an American jazz saxophonist and multi-instrumentalist.
 He attended Lafayette High School in Buffalo, where he and percussionist Gary Mallaber, among others, were mentored by saxophone guru and music director Sam Scamacca.
 Militello has played with Maynard Ferguson and Dave Brubeck, and is active in his hometown's music scene, in Buffalo.
 He plays alto and tenor saxophone, and flute.
 Militello was in the Dave Brubeck Quartet from 1977 until Brubeck's death in 2012.
 He then formed the Bobby Militello Quartet, and played with many other groups.
Paper Moon was recorded by the Dave Brubeck Quartet at Coast Recorders in San Francisco, California.
 The record was released in September 1981 by Concord Jazz, a subsidiary of Concord Records.
 It was produced by Russell Gloyd and engineered by Ron Davis and Phil Edwards.
 On this recording, pianist Dave Brubeck is accompanied by his son Chris Brubeck on the bass and bass trombone, with Jerry Bergonzi on tenor sax and Randy Jones on the drums.
 "Paper Moon" is Brubeck's third of three Concord recordings featuring this permutation of the Dave Brubeck Quartet; jazz commentator Scott Yanow referred to the album as the "most rewarding of the trio".
All the Things We Are is a jazz album by Dave Brubeck released by Atlantic Records on May 25, 1976.
 It is unusual in the sense that not every instrument was limited to one person.
 This album features two alto saxophonists, Lee Konitz and Anthony Braxton, and two drummers, Alan Dawson and Roy Haynes.
 This album was completed through two recording sessions at the CI Recording Studios in New York City on different dates.
 On July 17, 1973, the Dave Brubeck Trio (Brubeck playing the piano, Jack Six playing the bass, and Alan Dawson playing the drums) recorded the "Jimmy Van Heusen Medley".
 On October 3, 1974, the recording occurred with the group as a quintet (with the addition of alto saxophonists Lee Konitz and Anthony Braxton while Roy Haynes took the spot as drummer.
 The rest of the songs were recorded that day.
 Konitz played the alto saxophone in "Like Someone in Love" and "Don't Get Around Much Anymore" while Braxton played it in "In Your Own Sweet Way".
 Both Konitz and Braxton are featured in "All the Things You Are".
 "The New Yorker" claimed that this album was/is underrated in an article in 2012, following Brubeck's death.
The Dave Brubeck Quartet in Europe is a live album by pianist Dave Brubeck and his quartet recorded in 1958 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
 The cartoon on the cover of the album of Brubeck and his quartet was drawn by Arnold Roth.
Bernstein Plays Brubeck Plays Bernstein is a 1961 studio album by The Dave Brubeck Quartet.
 Its title refers to the fact that it consists of both a Brubeck composition conducted by Leonard Bernstein (though the "Brubeck" there is Howard Brubeck, Dave Brubeck's brother) and Bernstein compositions played by the Dave Brubeck Quartet.
 The title is also an echo of Dave Brubeck's 1956 solo debut album, "Brubeck Plays Brubeck".
Howard Rengstorff Brubeck (1916–1993) was a composer and music educator and the older brother of jazz pianist Dave Brubeck.
 His best known work, "Dialogues for Jazz Combo and Orchestra", premiered at Carnegie Hall December 10, 1959 with the Dave Brubeck Quartet and Leonard Bernstein conducting the New York Philharmonic and was recorded on "Bernstein Plays Brubeck Plays Bernstein" in 1961.
 His "California Suite", also from the 1950s, was performed in San Francisco and in Brussels.
 According to the Grove Dictionary of Music, "The influence of Milhaud – and sometimes echoes of Copland – can be heard in his music; a flair for orchestral writing, secure craftsmanship and sophisticated wit are also in evidence."
 He wrote liner notes for many of his brother's commercial recordings, and transcribed, edited, and arranged much of his brother's music for publication.
