King Street–Old Town is an island platformed Washington Metro station in Alexandria, Virginia, United States.
 The station opened on December 17, 1983, and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA).
 Providing service for both the Blue and Yellow Lines, this is the southernmost transfer station for the Blue and Yellow lines, as the two lines converge just south of the station.
 During inclement weather, Crystal City is commonly used as an unofficial transfer point, being the southernmost underground station common to both lines.
 King Street was originally served only by the Yellow Line, until the Blue Line was extended from National Airport to Van Dorn Street in 1991.
Tverskaya (Russian: Тверская ) is a station on Moscow Metro's Zamoskvoretskaya Line.
 The station was originally planned to open in 1938 along with the rest of the Gorkovsky radius of the second stage of the Metro.
 However this was abandoned and a provision of a straight tunnel, with reinforced structure was left.
 However upon the change in the Metro development plans in the early 1960s, a future transfer point was to be organised in the area.
 As a result, in 1975, after the opening of Pushkinskaya station, works began.
 The design marked a real engineering achievement, as the central hall, and the passenger platforms were built without any disruption to the service.
Blair is a station on Ottawa's transitway located at Blair Road and Regional Road 174.
 It is the eastern terminal for several weekday trips of route 61 and crosstown route 12.
 Route 94 also joins the transitway at this station coming from Blair Road.
 It is also a major transfer point for commuters within urban Gloucester.
Pentagon Transit Center is a split platform station on the Washington Metro located adjacent to The Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia.
 The station was opened on July 1, 1977, and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority.
 Providing service for both the Blue and Yellow Lines, the station is where the two lines diverge and thus acts as a transfer point.
 Northbound, the Blue Line continues through Virginia and the Yellow Line crosses the Potomac River into the District of Columbia.
The Eastshore and Suburban Railway (E&SR) was a formerly independent unit of the historic San Francisco Bay Area Key System which ran streetcar trains in Richmond, California, San Pablo, and El Cerrito.
 There were several lines with terminals at Point Richmond, North Richmond, the county line with Alameda County (a transfer point), what is now San Pablo, and Grand Canyon/East Richmond/Alvarado Park.
 Service to Oakland required a transfer to Oakland Traction Company trains at the County Line station and service to San Francisco required an additional transfer in Oakland.
 The systems were later consolidated into the Key System.
 Service began to be replaced by buses beginning on August 1, 1932, with the conversion of the East Richmond/23rd Street line to buses.
 Lines were converted to buses one at a time with the last remaining line being in September 1933.
 Fares were originally 5 cents and were raised to 7 cents over time at the time of the last runs.
Bokjeong Station is a station on the Seoul Subway Line 8 and Bundang Line.
 This station has one of the most sophisticated and convenient transfer systems in the Seoul Subway in which the Bundang Line platform is directly beneath the Line 8 platform.
 Passengers can transfer between the lines simply by taking one flight of stairs/escalators.
 However, since the station is situated directly below a major highway interchange with no nearby residential or industrial area, the vicinity of the station has no significant source of passengers, so this station is used mainly as a transfer point.
Bridgeport is a shared Amtrak, Metro-North Railroad, and Shore Line East train station along the Northeast Corridor that serves Bridgeport, Connecticut and nearby towns.
 On the Metro-North, the station is the transfer point between the Waterbury Branch and the New Haven mainline.
 Besides Metro-North service, Amtrak's "Northeast Regional" and "Vermonter" stop at the station, as do Shore Line East trains.
 In addition the transfer point for Greater Bridgeport Transit Authority buses, the departure point for the Bridgeport & Port Jefferson Ferry across Long Island Sound to Port Jefferson, New York, and both the Arena at Harbor Yard and the Ballpark at Harbor Yard are located adjacent to the station.
The Takoma Langley Crossroads Transit Center is a bus transit center in Langley Park, Maryland.
 It is at the intersection of University Boulevard and New Hampshire Avenue, and is the largest bus-only transfer in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.
 It is a future transfer point for the Purple Line.
Lindbergh Center station is an at-grade train station in Atlanta, Georgia, serving the Red and Gold lines of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) rail system.
 It serves the Lindbergh/Morosgo neighborhood in southern Buckhead, and is a part-time terminus of the Red Line and the last transfer point for the Red (North Springs) and Gold (Doraville) rail lines.
 It is the only station on this route served by the Red and Gold lines at all times.
 This is the second busiest station in the MARTA system, handling an average of 23,400 boardings per weekday.
 It is important to the MARTA system for a number of reasons.
 It is adjacent to the MARTA headquarters building, located just north of the Armour Yard Rail Services Facility (opened in 2005), which allows trains to come into service at a more central location than was previously possible, and at an important junction point for the future Belt Line.
The Purple Line, previously designated the Bi-County Transitway, is a 16.2 mi light rail line under construction to link the Maryland suburbs of Bethesda, Silver Spring, College Park, and New Carrollton, all in the Washington metropolitan area.
 The line would allow riders to move between the Red, Green, and Orange lines of the Washington Metro transportation system without needing to ride into central Washington, D.C. The project is administered by the Maryland Transit Administration (MTA).
 On October 7, 2011, the proposed light rail line received Federal Transit Administration approval to enter the detailed engineering phase, which, according to "The Washington Post", is "a significant step forward in its decades-long trek toward construction."
