Mark Philip David Billingham (born 2 July 1961) is an English novelist, actor, television screenwriter and comedian whose series of "Tom Thorne" crime novels are best-sellers in that particular genre.
Maxim Media Marketing, Inc. is an American-based worldwide film licensing and distribution company founded in 2000 by Darrin Ramage.
 According to their Company Profile page, their divisions include Brain Damage Films, Midnight Releasing, and Maxim Media International.
¡Democracia Real YA!
 (DRY , Spanish for "Real Democracy NOW!")
, also known as Plataforma Democracia Real Ya!
 ("Real Democracy NOW Platform!")
, is a grassroots citizens' organization that was started in March 2011 in Spain.
 It sparked the political movement of May 15, 2011 ("15M") whose protests gained worldwide attention.
 The protests been compared to the May 1968 social movement in France. "
¡Democracia Real YA!"
 is associated with approximately 200 smaller organizations.
 ¡Democracia Real YA!
 states in its manifesto that it is a broad social movement, dedicated to nonviolent protest, and that maintains no affiliation with any political party or labor union.
 It has not appointed any single leader and is unwilling to join any of the existing political bodies.
 It is, however, not an entirely apolitical movement, (see: ).
 ¡Democracia Real YA!
 considers the current political and economic system incapable of listening to and representing its citizens and therefore demands changes to the current social and economic policies, which have led many people into unemployment, loss of their homes, and poverty.
 The organization denounces the way big businesses and banks dominate the political and economic sphere and aims to propose a series of solutions to these problems through grassroots participatory democracy and direct democracy, which is based on people's assemblies and consensus decision making.
 The movement drew inspiration from the 2009 Icelandic financial crisis protests, the Arab Spring, the 2010–2011 Greek protests and the 2010-2011 revolutions in Tunisia.
David Devine is a film director and producer.
 He is a creator of original content for film, television and digital media.
 He has been the CEO of both public and private companies.
 His 19 HBO Original films have received 12 EMMY Award nominations (winning 5) and 22 Canadian Screen Award nominations (winning 6) amongst a total of 80 worldwide film awards.
 Highlights of his directing career include "Beethoven Lives Upstairs", "Einstein: Light to the Power of Two", "Galileo: On the Shoulders of Giants", "Degas and the Dancer", "Edison: The Wizard of Light" and "Bailey's Billion$".
 David has also been a hands-on creator and producer of 16 symphonic soundtracks for his films and 6 CDs distributed on the SONY Classical label.
 David has been focused on addressing important creative, social and cultural issues in his films and digital media throughout his directing and producing career.
 By January, 2017 his films had been broadcast in over 110 countries and 3.6M DVDs had been sold.
 600,000 of these DVDs have been used by teachers in elementary and middle school classrooms from 2004 to 2017 in the U.S. and Canada and over 800,000 DVDs have been sold to U.S. parents of elementary and middle school aged home schoolers.
Julian Shaw (born 16 December 1985 in Wellington, New Zealand) is an author, filmmaker and actor, best known for directing the 2007 film "Darling!
 The Pieter-Dirk Uys Story", a British Film Institute award-winning documentary about the life of South African political satirist Pieter-Dirk Uys.
 Shaw is the author of the novel "Modern Odysseus", and the creator of several short films including "Clearing the Air".
 He is the director of the 2011 feature documentary "Cup of Dreams", about New Zealand’s national Rugby Union team the All Blacks.
 Shaw also gained worldwide fame in 2011 after starring in an Australian marriage equality advertisement entitled It's Time that has reached millions of people.
Nick Raider is a fictional comic detective whose series was published from 1988 to 2005 by Sergio Bonelli Editore in Italy.
 Graphically inspired by the American actor Robert Mitchum, it was created by writer Claudio Nizzi and artist Giampiero Casertano.
 His partner Marvin Brown was inspired by Eddie Murphy.
 Nick Raider's stories are set in New York City.
Harrison Ford (born July 13, 1942) is an American actor and film producer.
 He gained worldwide fame for his starring roles as Han Solo in the "Star Wars" film series and as the title character of the "Indiana Jones" film series.
 Ford is also known for his roles as Rick Deckard in the neo-noir dystopian science fiction film "Blade Runner" (1982); John Book in the thriller "Witness" (1985), for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor; and Jack Ryan in the action films "Patriot Games" (1992) and "Clear and Present Danger" (1994).
Joseph Cheshire Cotten, Jr. (May 15, 1905 – February 6, 1994) was an American film, stage, radio and television actor.
 Cotten achieved prominence on Broadway, starring in the original stage productions of "The Philadelphia Story" and "Sabrina Fair".
 He first gained worldwide fame in three Orson Welles films: "Citizen Kane" (1941), "The Magnificent Ambersons" (1942), and "Journey into Fear" (1943), for which Cotten was also credited with the screenplay.
 He went on to become one of the leading Hollywood actors of the 1940s, appearing in films such as "Shadow of a Doubt" (1943), "Love Letters" (1945), "Duel in the Sun" (1946), "Portrait of Jennie" (1948), "The Third Man" (1949) and "Niagara" (1953).
 One of his final films was Michael Cimino's "Heaven's Gate" (1980).
Zach Anner (born November 17, 1984 in Buffalo, New York) is an Austin, Texas-based comedian, actor and writer with cerebral palsy who gained worldwide attention with the submission of a video to Oprah Winfrey's "Search for the Next TV Star" competition.
 He won his own TV show on OWN through Oprah's "."
 His wheelchair travel show, "Rollin' With Zach", premiered December 12, 2011.
 Recently Zach guest starred on an episode of the TV sitcom "Speechless", which is centered around a boy with cerebral palsy.
Richard Starkey, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 7 July 1940), known professionally as Ringo Starr, is an English drummer, singer, songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles.
 He occasionally sang lead vocals, usually for one song on an album, including "With a Little Help from My Friends", "Yellow Submarine", "Good Night", and their cover of "Act Naturally".
 He also wrote the Beatles' songs "Don't Pass Me By" and "Octopus's Garden", and is credited as a co-writer of others, including "What Goes On" and "Flying".
