Bo Diddley is a compilation album by American rock and roll musician Bo Diddley.
 It is a compilation of his singles since 1955.
 It collects several of his most influential and enduring songs.
 It was released on the Chess label in 1958.
 In 2012, the album was ranked #216 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All-Time list alongside Go Bo Diddley.
Go Bo Diddley is the second album by rock and roll pioneer Bo Diddley, released in July 1959.
 The album was Bo's first studio album and his first LP for Checker Records.
 The album was ranked #214 on The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time by Rolling Stone magazine.
"Diddley Daddy" is a song by Bo Diddley.
 The song was issued as a single on Checker Records in June 1955.
 His second single, it followed on the heels of the success of the eponymous "Bo Diddley."
 The song spent four weeks on the Billboard R&B chart in the summer of 1955, peaking at #11.
Bo Diddley Is a Gunslinger is the fifth studio album by American rock and roll pioneer Bo Diddley released in December 1960 by Checker Records.
 The album title comes from the album's first track called "Gunslinger" and the cover art has Bo Diddley dressed in Western-style clothing.
 The songs for "Bo Diddley Is a Gunslinger" were recorded from October 1959 to February 1960.
 Several tracks of interest are "Sixteen Tons" which Bo was supposed to perform on The Ed Sullivan Show, the title track, and "Diddling" (an instrumental between guitar and saxophone).
You Are My Sunshine is an album by Elizabeth Mitchell released in 2002.
 The album is a collection of children's music played in various styles, including folk, gospel, reggae and rock.
 It features covers of a variety of songs by other artists, among them "Hey Bo Diddley" by Bo Diddley, "Car Car" by Woody Guthrie, Cat Stevens' "Here Comes My Baby" and "Goodnight Irene" by Lead Belly.
"You Can't Judge a Book by the Cover" is a 1962 song by rock and roll pioneer Bo Diddley.
 Written by Willie Dixon, the song was one of Diddley's last record chart hits.
 Unlike many of his well-known songs, "You Can't Judge a Book by the Cover" does not rely on the Bo Diddley beat.
 A variety of rock and other performers have recorded renditions of the song.
"Bo Diddley" is a rhythm and blues and rock and roll song first recorded and sung by Bo Diddley at the Universal Recording Studio in Chicago and released on the Chess Records subsidiary Checker Records in 1955.
 It became an immediate hit single that stayed on the R&B charts for a total of 18 weeks, 2 of those weeks at #1, and seven more weeks than its flipside (the B-side, "I'm a Man").
 It was the first recording to introduce African rhythms into rock and roll directly by using the patted juba beat.
 It was Diddley's first recording and his first hit single.
 The song is featured on many of Diddley's compilation albums including "His Best".
"Hey!
 Bo Diddley" is Bo Diddley's eighth single released by Checker Records (not to be confused with the song "Bo Diddley", released as a single in April 1957 by Checker Records).
 The single's B side was "Mona" (sometimes known as "I Need You Baby").
"Who Do You Love?"
 is a song written by American rock and roll pioneer Bo Diddley.
 Recorded in 1956, it is one of his most popular and enduring works.
 The song represents one of Bo Diddley's strongest lyrical efforts and uses a combination of hoodoo-type imagery and boasting.
 It is an upbeat rocker, but the original did not use the signature Bo Diddley beat rhythm.
Peggy Jones or Peggy Malone (married name) (July 19, 1940 – September 16, 2015), known on stage as Lady Bo in recognition of her relationship with Bo Diddley, was an American musician.
 A pioneer of rock and roll, Jones played rhythm guitar in Bo Diddley's band in the late 1950s and early 1960s, becoming one of the first (perhaps "the" first) female rock guitarists in a highly visible rock band, and was sometimes called the "Queen Mother of Guitar".
