Kolel Chibas Jerusalem (Hebrew: כולל חיבת ירושלים‎ ‎ ), one of the numerous charities known as Charity of Rabbi Meyer Ba'al Ha-Nes — named after the great 2nd century Jewish sage Rabbi Meir — is a large charitable organization based in Jerusalem's Meah Shearim neighbourhood and which supports Jews who have emigrated to the Holy Land from Galicia, a region spanning southeastern Poland and western Ukraine.
Jerusalem during the Second Temple period describes the history of the city from the return to Zion under Cyrus the Great to the 70 CE siege of Jerusalem by Titus during the First Jewish–Roman War, which saw both region and city change hands several times.
 It was the center of religious life for all Jews, even those who lived in the diaspora prayed towards Jerusalem on a daily basis and made pilgrimages during religious festivals.
 The Pharisees of Second Temple Judaism developed into the Tannaim and Judaism's post-Exilic religious identity as it continues today, and the Hebrew Bible was perhaps canonized, although exactly when this occurred remains disputed.
 It was also in Jerusalem during the later stages of this period that Christianity was born.
Kollel Shomrei haChomos (Hebrew: כולל שומרי החומות‎ ) is a financial charity institute or "kollel" set up to support the community of Hungarian-Jews who emigrated to the Holy Land, hence it is called by many the "Hungarian Kollel".
 The Hungarian Jews separated themselves in 1858 from its mother institute Kolel Chibas Yerushalayim which at one point in time included the Jewish communities of the entire Austrian Hungarian Kingdom.
 Kolel Chibas Yerushalayim was itself a breakaway from the original Kolel Perushim, established by the students of the Vilna Gaon.
 Two leading Hungarian rabbis were appointed as the "Nesyim" or "Presidents of the Kolel, Avraham Shmuel Binyamin Sofer, author of Ketav Sofer, and Meir Eisenstein.
 In honor of these two leaders the Hungarian Kolel was also called "House of Sofer and Meir"
Batei Ungarin (Hebrew: בתי אונגרין‎ , lit.
 "Hungarian Houses") is a Haredi neighborhood in Jerusalem.
 It was built by "Kolel Ungarin", a Hungarian Jewish charity supporting Jews living in the Land of Israel.
The Land of Onias (Greek: Ὀνίας ) is the name given in Hellenistic Egyptian, Jewish, and Roman sources to an area in Ancient Egypt's Nile delta where a large number of Jews settled.
 The Land of Onias, which included the city of Leontopolis (Λεόντων πόλις), was located in the nome of Heliopolis.
 While accounts differ on the details, it is known that the Jews of Leontopolis had a functioning Temple, presided over by kohanim of the family of Onias IV (for whom the "Land of Onias" is named).
 Like its predecessor the Jewish Temple at Elephantine (destroyed in the 4th century BCE), the Temple at Leontopolis was the only Jewish sanctuary outside of Jerusalem where sacrifices were offered.
 Aside from a somewhat uncertain allusion of the Hellenist Artapanus, only Josephus gives information about this temple.
 The Talmudic accounts are internally contradictory.
 The establishment of a central sanctuary in Egypt was probably undertaken in response, in part, to the disorders that arose in Judea under Antiochus IV Epiphanes, the desecration of the Temple at Jerusalem under his reign, the supplanting of the legitimate family of priests by the installation of Alcimus, the personal ambition of Onias IV, and the vast extent of the Jewish diaspora in Egypt that created demand for a sanctuary of this nature.
Onias IV (Hebrew: חוֹנִיּוֹ‎ ‎ "Ḥōniyyō") is the designation given to the son of Onias III and the lawful heir of the legitimate high priests.
 He had reason to hope that the victory of the national party under Judas Maccabeus would place him in the office of his fathers; but being disappointed in his expectations by the election of Alcimus, he went to Egypt to seek aid against the tyranny of the Seleucids at the court of the Ptolemies, their political enemies.
 About 154 BCE, with the permission of Ptolemy VI Philometor, he built at Leontopolis a temple which, though comparatively small, was modelled on that of Jerusalem, and was called by the name of its founder.
 Onias doubtless expected that after the desecration of the Temple at Jerusalem by the Syrians the Egyptian temple would be regarded as the only legitimate one.
 But the traditional teachings of Judaism, as contained in the Mishnah, concede no legitimacy to the temple of Onias; in fact, even for the Egyptian Jews the latter did not possess the same importance as did the Temple of Jerusalem.
The Ohel Yitzchak Synagogue previously known as the Shomrei ha-Chomos Synagogue and the Ungarin Shul (Hungarian synagogue) is located in the Muslim Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.
 It was built in the 1870s by Kolel Shomrei HaChomos, an organization of Hungarian Jews, but was abandoned after the riots of 1938.
 Although the building was destroyed after 1948, it has recently been acquired by a Religious Zionist group for refurbishment.
The Bielski Brothers: The True Story of Three Men Who Defied the Nazis, Built a Village in the Forest, and Saved 1,200 Jews is a non-fiction book by Peter Duffy, which was published in 2003.
 It tells the story of Tuvia Bielski, Alexander Zeisal Bielski(Zus), Aharon Bielski, and Asael Bielski, four Jewish brothers who established a large partisan camp in the forests of Belarus during World War II, and so saved 1,200 Jews from the Nazis.
 The book describes how, in 1941, three brothers witnessed their parents and two other siblings being led away to their eventual murders.
 The brothers fought back against Germans and collaborators, waging guerrilla warfare in the forests of Belarus.
 By using their intimate knowledge of the dense forests surrounding the towns of Lida and Novogrudek, the Bielskis evaded the Nazis and established a hidden base camp, then set about convincing other Jews to join their ranks.
 The Germans came upon them once but were unable to get rid of them.
 As more Jews arrived each day, a robust community began to emerge; a "Jerusalem in the woods".
 In July 1944, after some 30 months in the woods, the Bielskis learned that the Germans, overrun by the Red Army, were retreating back toward Berlin.
Benjamin of Tiberias was a man of immense wealth, who enlisted and armed many soldiers during the Jewish revolt against Heraclius in the 7th century Palaestina province of the Byzantine Empire.
 The Persian force was joined by Benjamin of Tiberias, who enlisted and armed Jewish soldiers from Tiberias, Nazareth and the mountain cities of Galilee and together they marched on Jerusalem.
 Later, they were joined by the Jews of the southern parts of the country; and supported by a band of Arabs, the united forces took Jerusalem in 614 CE.
 Benjamin was one of the leaders of the revolt, actively participating in the Persian siege and capture of Jerusalem in 614.
 It is thought that the second leader Nehemiah ben Hushiel was appointed as ruler of Jerusalem.
Knesset Yisrael (Hebrew: כנסת ישראל‎ , Ashkenazi pronunciation "Knesses Yisroel", lit.
 "Community of Israel" ), also known as Knesset, is the name of a group of three former courtyard neighborhoods in central Jerusalem.
 Known as Knesset Aleph, Knesset Bet, and Knesset Gimmel (or Old Knesset, Middle Knesset, and New Knesset), the housing project was planned by the Vaad HaKlali Knesset Yisrael (Central Committee of Knesset Yisrael) and funded by overseas Jewish donors.
 The houses were completed in stages from 1892 to 1926.
 Beneficiaries of the housing were poor Haredi Ashkenazi families and Torah scholars connected to the Central Committee kolel system.
 Today Knesset Yisrael is part of the Nachlaot neighborhood.
