Barbed tape or razor wire is a mesh of metal strips with sharp edges whose purpose is to prevent passage by humans.
 The term "razor wire", through long usage, has generally been used to describe barbed tape products.
 While razor wire is much sharper than the standard barbed wire, it is named after its appearance, but is not actually razor sharp.
 However, the points are very sharp and made to rip and grab onto clothing and flesh.
The Barbed Wire Patent Case, 143 U.S. 275 was a significant patent dispute in 1892 between plaintiff Joseph Glidden and the USPTO regarding the right of barbed wire.
 Lucian Smith was the original inventor in 1867 and held patent rights for it, with Glidden making changes to it in 1874 that he believed were novelty enough to merit a new invention and thus new patent.
The Devils Rope Barbed Wire Museum is a museum located in McLean, Texas, United States.
 The museum was officially opened in 1991 and focuses on barbed wire and its history.
 The museum is thought to have the largest collection of published material concerning barbed wire.
In the military science of fortification, wire obstacles are defensive obstacles made from barbed wire, barbed tape or concertina wire.
 They are designed to disrupt, delay and generally slow down an attacking enemy.
 During the time that the attackers are slowed down by the wire obstacle (or possibly deliberately channelled into killing zones) they are easy to target with machinegun and artillery fire.
 Depending on the requirements and available resources, wire obstacles may range from a simple barbed wire fence in front of a defensive position, to elaborate patterns of fences, concertinas, "dragon's teeth" and minefields hundreds of metres thick.
Concertina wire or Dannert Wire is a type of barbed wire or razor wire that is formed in large coils which can be expanded like a concertina.
 In conjunction with plain barbed wire and steel pickets, it is used to form military wire obstacles.
The cheval de frise (plural: chevaux de frise ] , "Frisian horses") was a medieval defensive anti-cavalry measure consisting of a portable frame (sometimes just a simple log) covered with many projecting long iron or wooden spikes or spears.
 They were principally intended as an anti-cavalry obstacle but could also be moved quickly to help block a breach in another barrier.
 They remained in occasional use until they were replaced by wire obstacles just after the American Civil War.
 During the Civil War, the Confederates used this type of barrier more often than the Union forces.
 During World War I, armies used "chevaux de frise" to temporarily plug gaps in barbed wire.
 Chevaux de frise of barbed wire were used in jungle fighting on south Pacific islands during World War II.
The Joseph F. Glidden House is located in the United States in the DeKalb County, Illinois city of DeKalb.
 It was the home to the famed inventor of barbed wire Joseph Glidden.
 The barn, still located on the property near several commercial buildings, is said to be where Glidden perfected his improved version of barbed wire which would eventually transform him into a successful entrepreneur.
 The Glidden House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The home was designed by another barbed wire patent holder in DeKalb, Jacob Haish.
"Hanging on the Old Barbed Wire" (Roud 9618) is a war song of World War I.
 The song sarcastically recounts the location of various army members, not to be found in the combat zone, and concludes by describing the location of the old battalion: ""hanging on the old barbed wire"".
 A barbed wire fence separated the front-line trench from No Man's Land, and men brave or unfortunate enough to go over the top of the dug-out were often quickly shot and their bodies caught in the barbed wire.
 This troop song was not popular with the officer class, who thought it bad for morale, though attempts to suppress it were unsuccessful.
The Kansas Barbed Wire Museum is a barbed wire museum located in La Crosse, Kansas, United States, known as the “Barbed Wire Capital of the World.”
 The museum focuses on barbed wire and its history, displaying over 2,000 different forms of the wire and its history.
 Barbed wire played a significant role in the history of the settlement of the United States and forever changed the face of the prairie.
Jacob Haish (March 9, 1826 – February 19, 1926) was one of the first inventors of barbed wire.
 His type of barbed wire was in direct competition with the other barbed wire manufacturers in DeKalb, Illinois.
 He was a known carpenter and architect in DeKalb County and designed several prominent DeKalb homes.
