Linda Chaikin (born 1943) is a Christian fiction author with a focus on historical fiction.
 She sometimes publishes using the name L. L. Chaikin.
The Geoffrey Bilson Award for Historical Fiction for Young Readers is a Canadian literary award that goes to the best work of historical fiction written for youth each year.
 The award is named after Geoffrey Bilson, a writer of historical fiction for youth and a history professor at the University of Saskatchewan who died suddenly in 1987.
Karen Harper (born April 6, 1945) is an historical fiction and contemporary fiction author.
 She is a "New York Times" and "USA Today" bestselling author .
This is complete list of works by American science fiction and historical fiction author Eric Flint.
Ann Rinaldi (born August 27, 1934 in New York City) is an American young adult fiction author.
 She is best known for her historical fiction, including "In My Father's House", "The Last Silk Dress", "An Acquaintance with Darkness", "A Break with Charity", "Numbering All The Bones" and "Hang a Thousand Trees with Ribbons".
 She has written a total of more than forty novels, eight of which were listed as notable by the ALA.
 In 2000, "Wolf by the Ears" was listed as one of the best novels of the preceding twenty-five years, and later of the last one hundred years.
 She also writes for the "Dear America" series.
Metahistorical Romance is a term describing postmodern historical fiction, defined by Amy J. Elias in "Sublime Desire: History and Post-1960s Fiction."
 Elias defines metahistorical romance as a form of historical fiction continuing the legacy of historical romance inaugurated by Sir Walter Scott but also having ties to contemporary postmodern historiography.
 In particular, in metahistorical romance, poststructuralist play invokes the "historical sublime" as defined in the work of Hayden White.
 Metahistorical romance--such as Thomas Pynchon's novel "Mason & Dixon"--attempts to recuperate the sublime untouchability of the past, to reach History and know it, but paradoxically in the context of the political.
 As with the Kantian sublime, the postmodern historical sublime is not the grasp of the sublime object itself but a kind of ironic awareness of the inaccessibility of the sublime object.
 There is a yearning that resembles the yearning for mystical knowledge at the core of the search for the historical sublime, and thus the concept ties contemporary historical fiction to a literary history (that of the historical novel), a type of historiography (postmodern, post-"Annales" historiography), and a spiritual questing.
 Elias argues that the postmodern imagination confronts the historical sublime rather than represses it; confronts it as repetition and deferral; seeks sublime History but simultaneously has lost faith in the storytelling needed to do so; and consequently has ties to, but reverses the dominant of, the traditional Anglo-American historical novel.
 The term "metahistorical romance" also builds upon work by Linda Hutcheon, whose term "historiographic metafiction" described the ironic stance of contemporary historical fiction.
Fani Popova–Mutafova (Bulgarian: Фани Попова-Мутафова ; October 16, 1902 – July 9, 1977) was a Bulgarian author who is considered by many to have been the best-selling Bulgarian historical fiction author ever.
Various Positions is a 2002 film by Vancouver, BC, lawyer and filmmaker Ori Kowarsky, starring Carly Pope and Tygh Runyan.
 "Various Positions" won the 2002 Prix de Montréal at the Montreal World Film Festival.
 Although the film takes its title from an album by (and Ira Nadel's biography of) Leonard Cohen, the subject of the film is not Cohen, nor does he have any affiliation with the work.
The Spice-Box of Earth is Canadian poet and songwriter Leonard Cohen's second collection of poetry.
 It was first published in 1961 by McClelland and Stewart, when Cohen was 27 years old.
 The book brought the poet a measure of early literary acclaim.
 One of Cohen's biographers, Ira Nadel, stated that "reaction to the finished book was enthusiastic and admiring. . .[noting that] the critic Robert Weaver found it powerful and declared that Cohen was 'probably the best young poet in English Canada right now.'"
Paradox: The Magazine of Historical and Speculative Fiction (also known as Paradox Magazine or simply Paradox) was an award-winning literary magazine featuring original short historical fiction in all of its forms up to novella length.
 This includes mainstream historical fiction as well as other genre fiction with historical themes.
 For example, works of alternate history, historical whodunnits, historical fantasy, period horror, time travel, Arthurian legend and retold myth regularly appear in its pages.
 The magazine also features original historical poetry, reviews of historical novels and films, and interviews with notable historical novelists.
