Keith Rupert Murdoch, {'1': ", '2': 'AC KCSG', '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 11 March 1931) is an Australian-born American media mogul.
 His father, Sir Keith Murdoch, had been a reporter, editor, and senior executive of the "Herald" and "Weekly Times" newspaper publishing company, covering all Australian states except New South Wales.
 After his father's death in 1952, Murdoch declined to join his late father's registered public company and created his own private company, News Limited.
 Murdoch thus had full control as Chairman and CEO of global media holding company News Corporation, now the world's second-largest media conglomerate, and its successors, News Corp and 21st Century Fox, after the conglomerate split on 28 June 2013.
Wendi Deng Murdoch (; born December 8, 1968) is a Chinese-American actress, producer, and businesswoman.
 She was the third wife of News Corporation chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch, who filed for divorce from her in June 2013.
 Deng's debut in the media came with Fox TV, and she was subsequently offered an internship at Star TV in Hong Kong, part of News Corporation.
In mid-2011, out of a series of investigations following up the "News of the World" royal phone hacking scandal of 2005–2007, a series of related scandals developed surrounding other News Corporation properties—where initially the scandal appeared contained to a single journalist at the "News of the World" (with the 2007 jailing of Clive Goodman and the resignation of then-editor Andy Coulson), investigations eventually revealed a much wider pattern of wrongdoing.
 This led to the closure of the "News of the World" on 10 July 2011, an apology by Rupert Murdoch in an advertisement in most British national newspapers, and the withdrawing of News Corporation's bid to take over the majority of BSkyB shares it did not own.
Twenty-First Century Fox Inc. (stylized as 21st Century Fox, simply known as Fox, and also called 21CF) is an American multinational mass media corporation based in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
 It was one of two companies formed from the 2013 spin-off of the publishing assets of News Corporation, as founded by Rupert Murdoch in 1979.
 21st Century Fox is the legal successor to News Corporation dealing primarily in the film and television industries and is currently the world's fourth largest media conglomerate (after Comcast, The Walt Disney Company and Time Warner).
 The other company, the "new" News Corporation, holds Murdoch's print interests (both owned by him and his family via a family trust with 39 percent controlling interest in each).
The News International phone-hacking scandal is a controversy involving the now defunct "News of the World" and other British newspapers published by News International, a subsidiary of News Corporation.
 Employees of the newspaper were accused of engaging in phone hacking, police bribery, and exercising improper influence in the pursuit of stories.
 Whilst investigations conducted from 2005 to 2007 appeared to show that the paper's phone hacking activities were limited to celebrities, politicians, and members of the British Royal Family, in July 2011 it was revealed that the phones of murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler, relatives of deceased British soldiers, and victims of the 7 July 2005 London bombings had also been hacked.
 The resulting public outcry against News Corporation and its owner Rupert Murdoch led to several high-profile resignations, including that of Murdoch as News Corporation director, Murdoch's son James as executive chairman, Dow Jones chief executive Les Hinton, News International legal manager Tom Crone, and chief executive Rebekah Brooks.
 The commissioner of London's Metropolitan Police Service, Sir Paul Stephenson, also resigned.
 Advertiser boycotts led to the closure of the "News of the World" on 10 July 2011, after 168 years of publication.
 Public pressure shortly forced News Corporation to cancel its proposed takeover of the British satellite broadcaster BSkyB.
"Firestarter" is a song recorded by Australian singer Samantha Jade.
 The song was digitally released on 28 June 2013.
 "Firestarter" was written by Jade, David Musumeci and Anthony Egizii, and produced by Musumeci and Egizii under their stage name DNA Songs.
 "Firestarter" debuted and peaked at number nine on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified platinum for selling 70,000 copies.
 The track was promoted by performances on the first results show of season five of "The X Factor" Australia on 26 August 2013 and "Sunrise" on 28 June 2013.
 The accompanying music video was directed by Christopher Freyand.
 It was nominated and went on to win "Best Video" at the 27th ARIA Music Awards.
 It was also used to promote the fifth season of "The X Factor" Australia.
News Corporation (officially referred to as News Corp; trading as News Corp) is an American multinational mass media company, formed as a spin-off of the former News Corporation (as founded by Rupert Murdoch in 1979) focusing on newspapers and publishing.
 It is one of two companies which succeeded the former News Corporation, alongside 21st Century Fox—which consists of the old News Corporation's broadcasting and media properties, such as Fox Entertainment Group.
 The spin out was structured so that 21st Century Fox would be the legal successor and continuation of the old News Corporation, with the new News Corp being an entirely new company formed by a stock split.
The News Corporation takeover bid for BSkyB was a proposed takeover of British Sky Broadcasting (BSkyB) by News Corporation, the media conglomerate of Rupert Murdoch.
 The bid was launched in June 2010, but was withdrawn in July 2011 following the News International phone hacking scandal.
 News Corporation already owned 39.1% of BSkyB, and held on to its stake following the collapse of the takeover bid.
 The takeover was an essential part of News Corporation's business strategy, not least as it would have made possible integration with other entities such as Sky Deutschland and Sky Italia. "
The Guardian" went so far as to say that, "Without a full takeover of BSkyB, News Corp's global satellite strategy would look an unco-ordinated mess."
Paul Cheesbrough is a British Media Executive and is Chief Technology Officer of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.
 He has responsibility for all the Technology in the company and also focussed on the separation of News Corporation into two separate businesses in 2013 and works for Robert Thomson after initially working directly for Murdoch.
[1]
Balkan News Corporation was a Bulgarian media company, which operated the bTV and Fox International Channels for Bulgaria.
 It was formerly owned by News Corporation.
 In April 2010 the bTV channel was bought by Central European Media Enterprises, who owned the channels PRO.BG and RING.BG in Bulgaria.
 The FOX channels in Bulgaria (Fox Life and Fox Crime) continue to air under the company brand of "FOX Intl.
 Channels BG", again owned by News Corporation.
