Allco Financial Group was a fully integrated global financial services business, listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and headquartered in Sydney, Australia.
 Major services provided were structured asset finance, funds management and debt and equity funding.
 At one stage before liquidation, Allco had over A$4.3 billion in assets, and had financed over A$60 billion of transactions.
 In its most visible public transaction Allco was a part of Airline Partners Australia, the consortium that unsuccessfully attempted to buy Qantas.
 The company is now in liquidation, after previously being in administrative receivership, following difficulties in refinancing debt and a share price fall of 99% since the beginning of the subprime mortgage crisis.
Gogo Inc. is a provider of in-flight broadband Internet service and other connectivity services for commercial and business aircraft, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
 17 airlines partner with Gogo to provide in-flight WiFi, including British Airways, Aer Lingus, Iberia, Gol linhas aereas, Beijing Capital, Aeromexico, American Airlines, Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Japan Airlines, JTA, United Airlines, Hainan Airlines, Virgin America, Vietnam Airlines and Virgin Atlantic.
 Gogo Inc. is a holding company, operating through its two subsidiaries, Gogo LLC and Aircell Business Aviation Services LLC (now Gogo Business Aviation Inc.).
 According to Gogo, over 2,500 commercial aircraft and 6,600 business aircraft have been equipped with its onboard Wi-Fi services.
 The company is also the developer of 2Ku, the new in-flight (satellite solution) Wi-Fi technology.
Igor Naming Agency is an American naming agency.
 Based in Sausalito, California, Igor is known for its "almost militant embrace" of using real and natural-sounding words in naming.
 Among others, the company has named Gogo Inflight, "Cutthroat Kitchen", TruTV, the Aria Resort, and consumer products for The North Face and Target, among others.
Holland Herald is the inflight magazine of the Dutch airline KLM.
 It is the oldest inflight magazine.
Duty Free World ("DFW") is a US based duty free and travel retailer headquartered in Miami, Florida, specializing in inflight duty-free sales.
 The company sells primarily luxury products onboard aircraft.
 It operates from 12 locations around the world to service traveling passengers who purchase through its airline partners, which include Aeromexico, LATAM Airlines and United Airlines, as well as online.
 The company was established April 1995 by Mayra del Valle and is currently still owned by her and Leylani Cardoso.
 Duty Free World is the only female-owned company in the travel-retail industry.
 The company employs over 200 people around the world and processes over 1,068,545 transactions annually from traveling customers.
Airline Partners Australia (APA) is a consortium that made a A$5.45 per share takeover offer for Australian airline Qantas in December 2006.
 The takeover offer received the endorsement of the Qantas board in the absence of a better offer, however the proposed takeover failed to gain the required level of shareholder support, despite the extension of deadlines and reduction in requirements for acceptance.
Gogo Business Aviation (formerly Aircell) is a division of Gogo Inflight Internet is a provider of in-flight broadband Internet service and other connectivity services for business aircraft.
 It is headquartered in Broomfield, CO.
CockyBoys is a New York City-based producer of gay internet pornography.
 Managed by CEO Jake Jaxson and his two partners, RJ Sebastian and Benny Morecock, the site has drawn attention from both inside and outside the adult industry for blending arthouse erotica and experimental film with mainstream-style genre films.
 The 2012 reality television feature film "Project GoGo Boy" is considered the studio's breakout hit.
The Gogo Building, formerly known as the River Center, is located at 111 N. Canal Street in the West Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois.
 Originally constructed as a warehouse in the early 1900s, the vintage, loft-style building is now home to various commercial tenants, most notably Gogo Inflight Internet, as seen by their logo on the cube topping the building.
 Other tenants include Twitter, Uber, Vivid Seats, Fieldglass, Potbelly and Solstice.
 The building is one of the best surviving examples in downtown Chicago of the once vibrant industrial district along the Chicago River.
Miles & More is the largest traveler loyalty programme in Europe with 25 million members as of March 2014.
 It offers rewards to passengers of the Star Alliance travelling on certain types of tickets.
 The programme was launched by Lufthansa (LH) in 1993 and has about 40 airline partners, including the 28 airlines of the Star Alliance.
 The programme enables its members to earn and redeem frequent flyer miles on all of the fully integrated airlines, all Star Alliance members as well as several other partner airlines.
 Furthermore, there are more than 270 non-aviation companies affiliated with the programme.
 These include partners from the hotel, car rental & cruise industries, subscriptions & books, banks & insurance, telecommunications & electronics industries as well as shopping & lifestyle.
 Customers are able to build status, which gives them access to certain privileges.
 Miles & More is free of charge.
