Henk Buck (born Dordrecht, 1930) is an organic chemist.
 He studied at the University of Leiden where he received his PhD in 1959.
 He got a lectorship at the University in Theoretical Organic Chemistry in 1964.
 For his research he received the Golden Medal of the Royal Netherlands Chemical Society in 1967.
 In 1970 he was appointed as professor of Physical Organic Chemistry and Organic Chemistry at the University of Technology in Eindhoven.
 Because there was no Chair for Theoretical Chemistry and Biochemistry he gave lectures in organic chemistry, physical organic chemistry, theoretical organic chemistry, biochemistry and biotechnology.
 From 1988-1991 he was Dean of the Chemical Faculty.
 For his scientific contributions he became a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1979.
 During his scientific career he published more than 300 scientific papers spread over a large area of the chemical field.
 Under his supervision 43 chemical engineers obtained their PhD.
 The end of his career came prematurely because of a publication in Science in 1990 that had to be retracted because of flawed research.
George Wallace Kenner FRS (16 November 1922 – 26 June 1978) was a British organic chemist.
 He was born in Sheffield in 1922, the son of Prof. James Kenner.
 During his childhood, he went to Didsbury Preparatory School in 1928 and moved to Manchester Grammar School in 1934.
 He was appointed to the first Heath Harrison Chair of Organic Chemistry at the University of Liverpool 1957–1976.
 He did his MSc and PhD degrees under Lord Todd at Manchester and Cambridge Universities in UK.
 He married Jillian Bird in 1951 and they had two daughters both born in Cambridge.
 He was faculty member at the Cambridge University for 15 years before moving to the University of Liverpool in 1957 as Heath Harrison Professor of Organic Chemistry.
Mosher attended Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, where he received a bachelor's degree in chemistry in 1937.
 He went on to Oregon State University, where he earned a master's degree in 1938.
 He then returned to Willamette to teach for one year.
 In 1939, he continued his graduate work at Pennsylvania State University under the mentorship of Frank C. Whitmore, a renowned organic chemist.
 In 1942, Mosher completed his PhD in organic chemistry.
 He remained at Pennsylvania State as an assistant professor, supervising research on synthetic anti-malarial drugs for the National Research Council and the production of DDT with the War Production Board.
 In 1944, Mosher married Carol Walker, a fellow chemistry graduate student at the university.
 Three years later, Mosher accepted an assistant professorship at Stanford University in the Department of Chemistry, and he and his wife moved to California for the position.
 That same year his wife Carol joined the staff of the Stanford Research Institute, later becoming senior organic chemist.
The nanocar is a molecule designed in 2005 at Rice University by a group headed by Professor James Tour.
 Despite the name, the original nanocar does not contain a molecular motor, hence, it is not really a car.
 Rather, it was designed to answer the question of how fullerenes move about on metal surfaces; specifically, whether they roll or slide (they roll).
William R. Roush is an American organic chemist.
 He was born on February 20, 1952 in Chula Vista, California.
 Roush studied chemistry at the University of California Los Angeles (B.S. 1974) and Harvard University (Ph.D. 1977 under Robert Burns Woodward).
 Following a year postdoctoral appointment at Harvard, he joined that faculty at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 In 1987, Dr. Roush moved to Indiana University and was promoted to Professor in 1989 and Distinguished Professor in 1995.
 Two years later, he moved to the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and served as the Warner Lambert/Parke Davis Professor of Chemistry.
 He served as chair of the University of Michigan's Department of Chemistry from 2002-2004.
 In 2004 Professor Roush relocated with his group to the Jupiter, Florida campus of the Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) where he currently serves as Professor of Chemistry, Associate Dean of the TSRI graduate program and Executive Director of Medicinal Chemistry.
Robert Burns Woodward (April 10, 1917 – July 8, 1979) was an American organic chemist.
 He is considered by many to be the preeminent organic chemist of the twentieth century, having made many key contributions to the subject, especially in the synthesis of complex natural products and the determination of their molecular structure.
 He also worked closely with Roald Hoffmann on theoretical studies of chemical reactions.
 He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1965.
Maurizio Prato (born in Lecce October 11, 1953), is an Italian Organic Chemist, who is best known for his work on the functionalization of carbon nanostructures, including fullerenes, carbon nanotubes and graphene.
 He developed a series of organic reactions that make these materials more biocompatible, less or even non toxic, amenable to further functionalization, and easier to manipulate.
 He is Professor of Organic Chemistry at the University of Trieste and Research Professor at CIC BiomaGUNE in San Sebastián, Spain.
Nicholas J. Turro (May 18, 1938 – November 24, 2012) was an American chemist, Wm. P. Schweitzer Professor of Chemistry at Columbia University.
 He was a world renowned organic chemist and leading world expert on organic photochemistry.
 He was the recipient of the 2011 Arthur C. Cope Award in Organic Chemistry, given annually "to recognize outstanding achievement in the field of organic chemistry, the significance of which has become apparent within the five years preceding the year in which the award will be considered."
 He was also the recipient of the 2000 Willard Gibbs Award, which recognizes "eminent chemists who...have brought to the world developments that enable everyone to live more comfortably and to understand this world better."
Iain Coldham is an organic chemist and Professor of Organic Chemistry at the University of Sheffield.
 He obtained his PhD from the University of Cambridge before relocating to Austin, Texas in 1989 for postdoctoral research.
 His areas of study have included intramolecular trapping of episulfonium ions with amine nucleophiles and the use of triisopropylsilyl enol ethers in organic synthesis.
Dieter Enders (born 1946) is an organic chemist who has done work developing asymmetric synthesis, in particular using modified prolines as asymmetric auxiliaries.
 The most widely applied of his chiral auxiliaries are the complementary SAMP and RAMP auxiliaries, which allow for asymmetric alpha-alkylation of aldehydes and ketones.
 In 1974 he obtained his doctorate from the University of Gießen studying under Dieter Seebach and followed this with a postdoc at Harvard University studying with Elias James Corey.
 He then moved back to Gießen to obtain his Habilitation in 1979, whereupon he became a lecturer, soon obtaining Professorship in 1980 as Professor of Organic Chemistry at Bonn.
 In 1985 he moved to Aachen, where he has remained as Full Professor of Organic Chemistry and Director.
 He is editor-in-chief of Synthesis and is on the advisory boards of many other journals including Letters in Organic Chemistry and SynLett.
During his career he has won many awards.
 These include:
