The Pastor's Wife is a 2011 biographical television film, starring Rose McGowan as Mary Winkler and based on the true crime book of the same title by author Diane Fanning.
 It premiered on Saturday, November 5, at 8 pm ET/PT on the Lifetime Network.
Scream is a 1996 American slasher film written by Kevin Williamson and directed by Wes Craven.
 The film stars David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, Matthew Lillard, Rose McGowan, Skeet Ulrich, and Drew Barrymore.
 Released on December 20, 1996, "Scream" follows the character of Sidney Prescott (Campbell), a high school student in the fictional town of Woodsboro, California, who becomes the target of a mysterious killer known as Ghostface.
 The film combined black comedy and "whodunit" mystery with the violence of the slasher genre to satirize the clichés of the horror film genre popularized in films such as "Halloween" and "Friday the 13th".
 The film was considered unique at the time of its release for featuring characters who were aware of real world horror films and openly discussed the clichés that "Scream" attempted to subvert.
Emotional Technology is the fourth studio album by electronica artist BT.
 Transitioning towards a poppier sound, the album features some of BT's well-known hits, including "Somnambulist", "The Force of Gravity" and "Superfabulous".
 "Somnambulist", also known as "Simply Being Loved", holds the Guinness World Record for most vocal edits in a single track, with 6,178 in the album version.
 The album features vocal performances by JC Chasez, Rose McGowan, and Transeau himself, among others.
Earl McGraw and his son Edgar McGraw are two fictional characters played by Michael Parks and James Parks.
 They appear in several feature films by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino, including the "From Dusk till Dawn" franchise, "", and in various works from the "Grindhouse" project.
 Despite being killed off in his first appearance in "From Dusk till Dawn", various characters named Earl and Edgar have returned in several other films from Rodriguez and Tarantino.
 Talking with a heavy Texas accent and delivering profanity laden dialogue, the Earl character often serves as comic relief.
 He and Edgar are consistently portrayed as Texas Rangers.
 Edgar is portrayed by James Parks, the real-life son of Michael Parks.
 Earl has a daughter who is introduced in the "Grindhouse" films, named Dakota, played by Marley Shelton, who plays a large role in "Planet Terror".
 Dakota also appears in the portrayed by Nicky Whelan.
Conan the Barbarian is a 2011 American sword and sorcery film based on the character of the same name created by Robert E. Howard.
 The film is a new interpretation of the "Conan" mythology, and is not related to the films featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 It stars Jason Momoa in the title role, alongside Rachel Nichols, Rose McGowan, Stephen Lang, Ron Perlman, and Bob Sapp with Marcus Nispel directing.
Amy Blue is a British alternative rock band composed of Simon Chatterton (guitar), JP Rutter (guitar), Lex Sampson (drums) and Tom Parr (bass).
 The group's name was inspired by Rose McGowan's character in the 1995 Gregg Araki movie "The Doom Generation".
Devil in the Flesh is a 1998 American thriller film starring Rose McGowan.
 The film was also released under the title "Dearly Devoted".
 It was co-scripted by Kelly Carlin-McCall but is not based on the twice-filmed Raymond Radiguet novel "Le Diable au corps" ("The Devil in the Flesh").
Paige Matthews is a fictional character from the American television series "Charmed", played by Rose McGowan from October 4, 2001 until May 21, 2006.
 The character was created by executive producer Brad Kern as a replacement for lead character Prue Halliwell, following the departure of actress Shannen Doherty.
 Paige is introduced in season four as the fiercely independent younger half-sister of the show's remaining female leads, sisters Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe Halliwell (Alyssa Milano).
 Like her sisters, Paige is a witch, and more specifically, one of the "Charmed Ones"—three of the most powerful witches of all time.
 Paige is introduced as the secret love child of the Halliwell sisters' mother Patty (Finola Hughes) and her "whitelighter" (guardian angel) Sam Wilder (Scott Jaeck), making Paige both a witch and whitelighter.
 She was given up at birth and raised by her adoptive parents.
The Doom Generation is a 1995 American dark comedy film written and directed by Gregg Araki.
 It stars James Duval, Rose McGowan, and Johnathon Schaech.
 The film follows two troubled teenage lovers Amy Blue (McGowan) and Jordan White (Duval) who pick up a young handsome drifter named Xavier Red (Schaech).
 After he accidentally kills a store's clerk, the trio embarks on a journey full of sex, violence, and people from Amy's past.
 Billed as "A Heterosexual Movie by Gregg Araki", "The Doom Generation" is the second film in the director's trilogy known as the "Teenage Apocalypse Trilogy", the first being "Totally Fucked Up" (1993) and the last one "Nowhere" (1997).
 The characters of Amy Blue and Jordan White are based on the Mark Beyer comic strip "Amy and Jordan".
Dead Awake is a 2010 mystery film starring Nick Stahl, Rose McGowan, and Amy Smart.
 The film was previously titled "Dylan's Wake".
