Morris Barney Dalitz (December 25, 1899 – August 31, 1989), known as Moe Dalitz, was an American gangster, businessman, casino owner and philanthropist.
 He was one of the major figures who shaped Las Vegas, in the 20th century.
 He was often referred to as "Mr. Las Vegas".
Leon Tsoukernik (born November 7, 1973) is a Czech entrepreneur, casino owner and art collector.
 He is CEO of Vestar Group and CEO of "Kings Casino".
 He lives with his wife Sandra Tsoukernik near Kings Casino Rozvadov in Western Bohemia.
 They have two children, Leonel and Isabelle.
Wirt G. Bowman (March 28, 1874 - April 20, 1949) was an American self-described capitalist.
 He was also an entrepreneur, speculator, casino owner, and one of the founders of the Agua Caliente Casino and Hotel in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico.
The Museum of the American Gangster is a two-room museum located at 80 St. Mark's Place in the East Village, Manhattan New York City.
 Opened in 2010, it is located upstairs from a former speakeasy in a neighborhood once frequented by Al Capone, Lucky Luciano, and John Gotti.
 Its Exhibition of the American Gangster was "founded to preserve newspapers, photographs and other original documents from the Prohibition Era".
 The museum's collection of memorabilia of organized crime in America includes John Dillinger's death masks, bullets from the Saint Valentine's Day massacre investigation, and a bullet from the shooting of Pretty Boy Floyd.
 The former speakeasy has a history of its own; the building is the former residence of Walter Scheib.
 The exhibit is currently open.
 It is also possible to tour the old speakeasy.
Arthur Max (born May 1, 1946) is an American production designer.
 He has been nominated for three Academy Awards: once for his Production Design work on "Gladiator" (2000), "American Gangster" (2007), and "The Martian" (2015).
 In addition to his Oscar nominations, Max won several other honors for his production design on the film, including the BAFTA, the National Board of Review prize and the Broadcast Film Critics honor.
 He also collected two "Excellence in Production Design" Award2 from the Art Directors Guild, the first for Gladiator and the second for The Martian.
 He was also nominated for "Black Hawk Down", "Robin Hood", "American Gangster", "Prometheus" and "Panic Room".
 After "[[The Martian (film), Max worked on [[All The Money In The World]] (2017) marking Max's twelfth project for filmmaker Scott, a list of achievements which includes "[[Exodus: Gods and Kings]]", "[[The Counselor]]", "[[Kingdom of Heaven (film)|Kingdom of Heaven]]", "Robin Hood" and the aforementioned "Black Hawk Down" and "[[Body of Lies (film)|Body of Lies]]".
 He designed Fincher's 1995 thriller, "[[Seven (1995 film)|Seven"]]".
Morris "Moe" Greene is a fictional character appearing in Mario Puzo's 1969 novel "The Godfather" and the 1972 movie of the same name.
 The character's name is a composite of real Las Vegas mobsters Moe Dalitz, or possibly Moe Sedway, and Gus Greenbaum.
 However, both Greene's character and personality are actually based on Bugsy Siegel: his affiliation with the mob in Los Angeles, his involvement in the development of Las Vegas, and his flamboyant tendencies.
 Greene is portrayed in the movie by Alex Rocco.
Michael John Gaughan (March 24, 1943 in Omaha, Nebraska) is a casino owner and operator in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Michael is the son of Jackie Gaughan and was the owner of a NASCAR race team, South Point Racing, for which his son, Brendan Gaughan, used to drive.
 The team was dissolved at the end of the 2007 season.
 He is also the father of John Gaughan, owner of Las Vegas Dissemination Company and film producer.
Isaac Opus is a R&B and hip-hop record producer and singer who was born in Miami and was raised in Fort Lauderdale.
 Popularly known for his remix release of the Jay-Z "American Gangster" Album, known as "American Gangster: Unfinished Bizness" along with the newest Diddy single "Diddy Boppin" on the up-and-coming album Last Train to Paris which was scheduled to be released in September 2009.
William Allison is a former casino owner and actor.
 Allison has appeared in many cameo roles, such as "Ocean's Eleven" as an old guard, but his acting experience started when he was hired as a consultant for the production of Martin Scorsese's 1995 film, "Casino", due to his casino experiences.
 In "Casino", Allison played the Latter-day Saint (Mormon) Bagman, John Nance, who was based on Jay Vandermark.
Canfield is a solitaire (patience) card game with a very low probability of winning.
 According to legend, it is originally a casino game, named after the casino owner who is said to have invented it.
 In England, it is known as Demon.
