The NWA World Welterweight Championship (Spanish: "Campeonato Mundial Welter de NWA" ) is a professional wrestling championship governed by the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) and currently promoted by NWA Mexico.
 The championship was originally created by the Mexican promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) in 1946.
 The promotion had control of the championship from 1946 until 1996 and again from 2007 until 2010.
 From 1996 until 2007 the championship was promoted mainly in Japan, first as one of eight championships that made up the New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) J-Crown Championship.
 After the J-Crown was discontinued the title remained in Japan being promoted by the Toryumon promotion up until 2007 when it returned to Mexico and CMLL.
 CMLL was a member of the National Wrestling Alliance up until the late 1980s but chose to keep the championship and the NWA prefix after leaving the NWA.
 As it is a professional wrestling championship, its holders are determined by promoters or promotions, not by athletic competition.
 The official definition of the welterweight weight limit in Mexico is 70 kg to 78 kg , but promotions have ignored the weight limit at times and crowned champions both heavier and lighter than the rules defined.
A weight class is a measurement weight range for boxers.
 The lower limit of a weight class is equal to the upper weight limit of the class below it.
 The top class, with no upper limit, is called heavyweight in professional boxing and super heavyweight in amateur boxing.
 A boxing match is usually scheduled for a fixed weight class, and each boxer's weight must not exceed the upper limit.
 Although professional boxers may fight above their weight class, an amateur boxer's weight must not fall below the lower limit.
 A nonstandard weight limit is called a catch weight.
In taekwondo, a weight class is a standardized weight range for taekwondo practitioners.
 The upper weight limit for each class is the lower limit of the next highest class.
 A taekwondo gyeorugi is usually scheduled for a fixed weight class, and each practitioner's weight must not exceed the upper limit.
K-1 World MAX 2005 Championship Final was a kickboxing event promoted by the K-1 organization.
 It was the fourth K-1 World MAX final for middleweight kickboxers (70 kg/152 lb weight class), involving eight finalists and two reserve fighters, with all bouts fought under K-1 rules.
 All eight of the finalists had won elimination fights at the K-1 World MAX 2005 World Tournament Open, while the reserve fighters were invited despite suffering defeats.
 As well as tournament matches there were also three super fights fought under K-1 rules (70 kg/152 lb weight class).
 In total there were sixteen fighters at the event, representing nine countries.
In professional wrestling, a weight class is a standardized weight range for the wrestlers.
 The top class in almost every promotion is heavyweight, but super heavyweights exist.
 Weight class matches in modern-day American professional wrestling are rare, but weight class championships still exist.
 However, Japanese professional wrestling, Mexican wrestling and British wrestling use the weight classes more seriously.
Jalan Pogoh (Johor state route J14) is a main state road in Johor, connecting Segamat and Bukit Kepong.
 It is the main road of the Mukim Pogoh in Segamat.
 The length of this road is 20 km.
 Jalan Pogoh had been only paved halfway from Segamat to Kampung Pogoh (10 km).
 At the end of the 1990s the entire 20-km road was fully paved.
 During the pavement works for the remaining stretch, works included raising the road level because of the flood-prone areas along the stretch and also replacing all wooden bridges along the road with concrete bridges, thus abolishing the former weight limit of the road (previous weight limit: 8 tonnes).
In combat sports where champions are decided by a challenge, the lineal championship of a weight class is a world championship title held initially by an undisputed champion and subsequently by a fighter who defeats the reigning champion in a match at that weight class.
 In professional boxing, the lineal champion is informally called "the man who beat the man".
 Champions recognized by sanctioning bodies such as the World Boxing Association (WBA) or World Boxing Council (WBC), or the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) may vacate their title voluntarily, or be stripped of the title for breaching the sanctioning body's regulations or contracts.
 There will thus be a breach of continuity in the list of sanctioned champions which the lineal championship is intended to prevent.
 However, there is no single canonical list of lineal champions at any weight class, because there is no agreed upon method of determining the starting point for each lineage and conflicting opinions on what to do when the current champion retires or moves to a different weight class, although there is agreement that any stripping of a title be discounted.
The Biggest Loser is a reality television show which started in the United States in 2004.
 The show centers on overweight and obese contestants attempting to lose the most weight and to fight for a cash prize.
 There are different variations of "The Biggest Loser" around the world.
 Each country has made its own adaptation to the show; however, the contestants always have the same goal: to lose the highest percentage of weight (or most weight) to become the Biggest Loser.
 There is no minimum or maximum weight limit for the show but most males tend to weigh over or near 300 lb (136 kg).
 Females tend to weigh over or near 200 lb (91 kg).
Takeyasu Hirono (born July 18, 1971) is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
 He competed in the Flyweight division.
Mixed martial arts (MMA) is a form of competitive combat sport, akin to boxing, muay thai, or kick boxing.
 MMA titles, or championship belts, are given to those fighters deemed by a promotional organization to have met a certain standard of athletic accomplishment in a specific weight class (most often by means of a championship fight).
 Championship belts are fought for at each weight class under a promotion, with only one belt awarded per class.
 Each belt is usually contested every time the belt holder fights, and passed to the victor of that fight (see the List of UFC champions for a chronology of UFC title belts).
 A belt may be vacated when a fighter leaves a promotion, or is suspended.
 At such times an interim champion may be crowned, or the belt may be awarded to the winner of a fight between top contenders.
