Set Weights (SW) is a condition for a Thoroughbred horse race.
 Horses carry a weight based on their age and sex.
 In a mixed sex race, fillies and mares will usually carry less than colts, geldings and horses.
 Additional weight, or penalties, can also apply as a condition of the race.
 Many of the top races, particularly age restricted races, are set weights races.
The Alysheba Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Churchill Downs racetrack in Louisville, Kentucky.
 The Alysheba became the most recent addition to the Derby Week stakes lineup as it joined the schedule in 2004 and is currently run on the undercard of the Kentucky Oaks, the day before the Kentucky Derby.
 It was the first stakes to join the Derby Week lineup since 1997.
 The event is named for the talented 1987 Kentucky Derby winner and United States Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Alysheba, who returned to the Downs in 1988 to win the Breeders' Cup Classic.
 His victory marked the first time a Derby winner had returned to Churchill to win a stakes since Whirlaway took the 1942 Clark Handicap.
 He was later honored at the track that fall as he retired as the sports leading money earner, $6,679,242.
 The stakes received graded status in 2007.
 The Grade II event is open to horses age three and older and is contested on dirt over a distance of 1 ⁄ miles (8.5 furlongs).
Horse Racing is an equestrian video game released by Mattel Electronics for its Intellivision video game console in 1980.
 Although primarily a sports video game, "Horse Racing" was actually assigned to the Gaming Network, due to its pari-mutuel betting for placing bets on the horses during the game; the game houses 8 virtual Thoroughbred race horses residing in the fictional "Rainbow Thoroughbred Stables" at a fictional western Kentucky race track called "Plympton Downs" (based loosely on long-time sportscaster/Intellivision sales personality George Plimpton).
 Each of the horses have differing racing abilities (front runner, pace keeper, come from behind, ...), and do vary from game time to game time (a horse with come from behind traits during one match may have front runner abilities during the next match).
 These horses are known by their colors (instead of their post position numbers—unlike in regular horse racing).
A claiming race in thoroughbred horse racing is one in which the horses are all for sale for more or less the same price (the "claiming price") up until shortly before the race.
 Race types form a hierarchy in terms of the quality of horse they attract, with handicap races and graded stakes races attracting the "best" horses and maiden races the most unseasoned.
 Claiming races fall at the bottom of this hierarchy, below maiden races, and make up the bulk of races run at most US tracks.
 For example in Kentucky in 1999, 54% of all races run were claiming races, but had only 20% of the purse dollar value, the lowest average purse among race types.
The Adena Stallions' Miss Preakness Stakes is a Grade III American Thoroughbred horse race for three-year-old fillies over a distance of six furlongs on the dirt held annually run on Black-Eyed Susan Stakes Day at the Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, Maryland as a stakes feature of the undercard.
 The event offers a purse of $150,000 added.
The Tennō Shō (天皇賞 , "Emperor's Prize") is a horse race held twice a year in Japan, once in the spring and once in the autumn.
 "Tenno" means "Emperor of Japan".
 The races are both International Grade I races.
 Prior to the 2007 races, both Tenno Sho races were Japanese domestic Grade I races.
The terms horse race and handicapping the horse race, have been used to describe media coverage of elections.
 The terms refer to any news story or article whose main focus is describing how a particular candidate or candidates is faring during the election, in other words, trying to predict the outcome.
 This category includes polls.
 There is a thin line between a horse race news story and a non horse race news story.
 For example, an article simply describing a candidate's economic policy is a non horse race article, but an article which is about how certain groups of voters are angry at a candidate's economic policy is a horse race article.
The Jim McKay Turf Sprint is a Listed American Thoroughbred horse race for three-year-olds and up over a distance of five furlongs on the turf held as part of the undercard for the Black-Eyed Susan Stakes annually during the third week of May at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, Maryland.
 The race offers a purse of $100,000.
ESPN and ESPN2's coverage of Thoroughbred racing consisted of NTRA Racing to the Kentucky Derby., Road To The World Thoroughbred Championships/NTRA Racing to the Breeders' Cup, a series of prep races for the Breeders' Cup World Thoroughbred Championships, the post position draw for the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes, the Kentucky Derby and Belmont Stakes undercard races, the Kentucky Oaks and Black-Eyed Susan Stakes, NTRA 2Day At the Races, Racing Across America, the Preakness undercard races, the Eclipse Awards show, and Long John Silver's Wire to Wire (previously known as RaceHorse Digest), a weekly thoroughbred racing magazine show.
 They also had Triple Crown morning shows such as Breakfast at Churchill Downs and Breakfast at Pimlico.
 ESPN also broadcast NTRA Super Saturdays as well.
The 2013 Preakness Stakes was the 138th running of the Preakness Stakes thoroughbred horse race.
 The race was held on May 18, 2013, and was televised on NBC.
 The race was won by Oxbow.
 The post time of the race was 6:18 p.m. EDT.
 The race was the 12th race on a card of 13 races.
 The Maryland Jockey Club reported total attendance of 117,203, this is recorded as second highest on the list of American thoroughbred racing top attended events for North America in 2013.
