The Third Fitzwilliam Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on the village green in Fitzwilliam, New Hampshire.
 It presently serves as Fitzwilliam Town Hall.
 The two story white clapboard structure was built in 1817, replacing the second meetinghouse, which stood on the same site and was destroyed by fire.
 It is a rectangular structure with a projecting Greek Revival temple front with four columns and a triangular pediment.
 A four-stage tower rises above the front facade, with a clock (given in 1861) in the first stage, and a Paul Revere bell hangs in the second stage belfry, an open section with round arches on all four sides.
 The building was converted to entirely secular uses in 1858, at which time the gallery level was converted into a full second story.
The Little Falls Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Fallston, Harford County, Maryland, United States.
 It was constructed in 1843 and is a sprawling one-story fieldstone structure with shallow-pitched gable roof and a shed-roofed porch.
 The building replaced an earlier meetinghouse built in 1773.
 Also on the property is a cemetery and a one-story frame mid-19th century school building, with additions made post-1898 and in 1975.
 It features the characteristic two entrance doors and a sliding partition dividing the interior into the men's and women's sides.
 The Friends currently meet on the former men's side of the meetinghouse, and the women's side is only used for large groups and special occasions.
The United Church of Christ in Keene (also known as The First Church or Church at the Head of the Square) is a historic Congregational church at 23 Central Square in Keene, New Hampshire, United States.
 The oldest portion of this church is its timber frame, a 50 by structure that was built in 1786 as the town's fourth meeting house.
 In 1828 the meeting house was rotated and moved, nearly to its present location, and the Greek Revival temple front with Doric columns was added, as was the tower and steeple.
 These alterations were supposedly inspired by the recent (1817–18) construction of the Third Fitzwilliam Meetinghouse.
 In 1859-60 the church was again moved, this time a short distance to make room for an enlarged sanctuary, as designed by the Worcester firm of Boyden & Ball.
 The building exterior has been little altered since; the steeple was recreated from photographs after the original was toppled by the New England Hurricane of 1938.
 In 1924 a two-story brick parish house was built next to the church.
The Alleghany Mennonite Meetinghouse is located at 39 Horning Road, Brecknock Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
 The meetinghouse and its associated cemetery are significant for their role in the Mennonite community in this area of Pennsylvania in the mid to late 19th century.
 The meetinghouse itself is also significant for its Pennsylvania German Style architecture.
 The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on June 6, 2009 and the listing was announced as the featured listing in the National Park Service's weekly list of June 12, 2009.
The Malad Second Ward Tabernacle is a Latter-Day Saint (Mormon) tabernacle and meetinghouse located in Malad City, Idaho.
 It is significant for its large scale and unorthodox adaptation of architectural styles, as well as its historical importance to Oneida County, which once was among the most populated counties in Idaho.
 It is, along with 6 other buildings in Oneida County, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Farmington Quaker Crossroads Historic District is a national historic district located at Farmington in Ontario County, New York.
 The district encompasses 11 contributing components and three non-contributing components.
 The centerpiece of the district is the Farmington Friends Meetinghouse, an Orthodox Quaker meetinghouse built in 1876, with a commemorative tablet marking the sites of meetinghouses built in 1796 and 1804, but later demolished.
 Also in the district is an 1816 Quaker Meetinghouse constructed by the Hicksite Quakers and currently under restoration.
Pipe Creek Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Union Bridge, Carroll County, Maryland, United States.
 It is a 1 ⁄ -story brick structure in Flemish bond on a stone foundation.
 The meetinghouse was begun in 1771 and completed the next year.
 A fire in October 1934 destroyed the interior, but the original benches were saved.
 The founders of the meetinghouse were immigrants from the north of Ireland.
 It was the Quaker meetinghouse attended by a great-grandfather of President Herbert Hoover.
The Lehi North Branch Meetinghouse, located at 1190 North 500 West in Lehi, Utah, was built in 1894 and was extended in 1917.
 It includes Gothic Revival and Classical Revival architecture.
 It has also been known as Lehi Third Ward Meetinghouse and as Zion's Hill Meetinghouse.
Viscount FitzWilliam, of Merrion in the County of Dublin, was a title in the Peerage of Ireland.
 It was created in 1629 for Thomas FitzWilliam, along with the subsidiary title Baron FitzWilliam, of Thorncastle in the County of Dublin, also in the Peerage of Ireland.
 He was succeeded by his son Oliver, the second Viscount.
 In 1661 Oliver was created Earl of Tyrconnell in the Peerage of Ireland.
 The earldom became extinct on his death in 1667 while he was succeeded in the barony and viscountcy by his younger brother William FitzWilliam, the third Viscount.
 William's grandson Richard, the fifth Viscount, represented Fowey in the British Parliament.
 His son Richard, the sixth Viscount, was a member of both the Irish and English Privy Councils.
 The seventh Viscount was a benefactor and musical antiquarian.
 The titles became extinct on the death of the ninth Viscount in 1833.
The Neck Meetinghouse and Yard, also known as the Quaker Meetinghouse & Graveyard, is a historic Quaker meetinghouse located at West Denton, Caroline County, Maryland.
 It is a one-story rectangular frame building with a pitched gable roof measuring 30 feet, 8 inches long and 20 feet, 5 inches deep.
 In the graveyard are six marked burials with stones dating from the 1850s to 1890, with some more recent interments.
 It is the only extant Friends meeting house in Caroline County, and one of only a few still standing on the Eastern Shore.
 The meeting house was utilized from September 26, 1802, when the first meeting was held in the building, until it was abandoned in 1890 for lack of funds and participants.
