Best of Both Worlds is a two-disc compilation album by British neo-progressive rock band Marillion released in 1997 by EMI Records, who the band had been signed to from their debut in 1982 until being dropped in 1995.
 The title refers to Marillion's two distinct "eras" with lead singers Fish (1980—1988) and Steve Hogarth (since 1989).
 By the time this compilation was released, both line-ups had recorded four studio albums each.
 The second best-of since the 14-track one-disc compilation "A Singles Collection" (known as "Six of One, Half a Dozen of the Other "in the US) from 1992, this one additionally contains material from "Brave "(1994) and "Afraid of Sunlight" (1996).
 Two different covers were created for the compilation, one by Mark Wilkinson, who had worked for the band during the Fish years, and one by Bill Smith Studio, who took over after Fish's and Wilkinson's departure.
 The booklet was printed so that either of the covers could be displayed in the jewel case according to personal preference.
 The track list, comprising 29 songs, was put together by Lucy Jordache, then the manager responsible for the band in EMI, in close collaboration with the band's fans' mailing list, "Freaks" (named after the eponymous song).
 Jordache also motivated singers Fish and Hogarth to contribute liner notes—at a time when both camps were not yet on friendly terms again—by telling each of them the other had already agreed to do so.
Donnie Munro (Donaidh Rothach) (born 2 August 1953) is a Scottish musician, and former lead singer of the band Runrig.
Calum MacDonald (Scottish Gaelic: Calum MacDhomhnaill; born 12 November 1953) is the percussionist of the Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig, as well as their primary songwriter with his older brother, Rory MacDonald.
 Rory tends to write the melody, and Calum the lyrics.
 Since former lead singer Donnie Munro left the band in 1997, Rory has taken lead vocal duties on songs in the band's catalogue written in the Scots Gaelic language, as the band's new lead singer, Bruce Guthro, is not a Gaelic speaker.
Steve Hogarth (born on 14 May 1956 in Kendal, Westmorland) also known as "h", is an English singer-songwriter and musician.
 Since 1989 he has been the lead vocalist and occasional keyboardist/guitarist with the British rock band Marillion.
 Hogarth was formerly a keyboard player and co-lead vocalist with The Europeans and vocalist with How We Live.
 AllMusic has described Hogarth as having a "unique, expressive voice" with "flexible range and beautiful phrasing".
"Hooks in You" is the first single from British rock band Marillion' s fifth album "Seasons End", released in 1989.
 It was the first single to feature lead singer Steve Hogarth, who joined the band the same year, replacing Fish.
Easter is a song from English neo-progressive rock band Marillion's 1989 album "Seasons End", which became a UK Top 40 hit when issued as a single in 1990.
 Allmusic describe the song as "heartfelt" with an "imaginative electric-acoustic arrangement".
 As with many Marillion songs, the album version features an extended guitar solo by Steve Rothery, which has become a fan-favourite, although it is heavily edited for the single version.
 The song was written by singer Steve Hogarth before he joined the band in 1989 and was inspired by The Troubles in Northern Ireland.
 The title is in reference to Easter 1916 by William Butler Yeats.
 Portions of the video were filmed on the Giants Causeway.
A Singles Collection (released as Six of One, Half-Dozen of the Other in the U.S.) is a compilation album of Marillion singles from both the Fish era and the Steve Hogarth era, celebrating the band's ten year jubilee (taking 1982, when their debut single was released, as the starting point).
 It includes the band's six most successful singles of the Fish era, plus all six Steve Hogarth singles up to that year.
 The tracks on it are not ordered chronologically, unlike on the later compilations "The Best of Both Worlds" (1997) and "The Best of Marillion" (2003) that likewise cover both vocalists' eras.
 Additionally, it contains two new recordings with Hogarth on vocals, "I Will Walk On Water" and a cover version of the Rare Bird song "Sympathy".
 This was also released as a single, which peaked at no. 16 in the UK Singles Chart (May 1992), making it the band's highest charting single between 1987 and 2004.
 In August 1992, "No One Can", a re-packaged version of the August 1991 single from "Holidays in Eden", was released as the second single, peaking at no. 26 (original version no. 33).
Roderick (Rory) Macdonald (Scottish Gaelic: Ruaridh MacDhomhnaill; born 27 July 1949, Dornoch, Sutherland) is the bassist of the Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig, as well as their primary songwriter with his younger brother, Calum Macdonald.
 Rory tends to write the melody, and Calum the lyrics.
 Since former lead singer Donnie Munro left the band in 1997, Rory has taken lead vocal duties on songs in the band's catalogue written in the Scottish Gaelic language, as the band's new lead singer, Bruce Guthro, is not a Gaelic speaker.
On The West Side is the debut solo album by the Scottish folk rock artist Donnie Munro, former lead singer of the band, Runrig.
 It was released in 1999.
Mara is the ninth album by Scottish Celtic rock group Runrig, released in 1995.
 The title means 'of the sea' in Scots Gaelic.
 It is the last album featuring Donnie Munro on vocals and the fifth and final album released on Chrysalis records.
