South Dakota State University is a public research university located in Brookings, South Dakota.
 It is the state's largest and second oldest university.
 A land-grant university and sun grant university, founded under the provisions of the 1862 Morrill Act, SDSU offers programs of study required by, or harmonious to, this Act.
 In step with this land-grant heritage and mission, SDSU has a special focus on academic programs in agriculture, engineering, nursing, and pharmacy, as well as the liberal arts.
 The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching classifies SDSU as a Research University with high research activity.
 The graduate program is classified as Doctoral/Science, Technology, Engineering, Math dominant.
 SDSU is governed by the South Dakota Board of Regents, which governs the state's six public universities and two special schools.
The Morrill Anti-Bigamy Act (37th United States Congress, Sess.
 2., ch.
 126, 12 Stat.
 501 ) was a federal enactment of the United States Congress that was signed into law on July 8, 1862 by President Abraham Lincoln.
 Sponsored by Justin Smith Morrill of Vermont, the act banned bigamy in federal territories such as Utah and limited church and non-profit ownership in any territory of the United States to $50,000.
Morrill Hall may refer to (all are buildings named for Justin Smith Morrill):
Justin Morrill Hall, known almost exclusively as Morrill Hall, is an academic building of Cornell University on its Ithaca, New York campus.
 As of 2009 it houses the Departments of Romance Studies, Russian Literature, and Linguistics.
 The building is named in honor of Justin Smith Morrill, who as Senator from Vermont was the primary proponent of the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act of 1862 which greatly assisted the founding of Cornell University.
 Morrill Hall was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
The Strafford Village Historic District encompasses the historic village center of Strafford, Vermont.
 Founded in 1768, the village center was developed in the 1790s, and saw most of its growth before 1840, resulting in a fine assortment of predominantly Greek Revival buildings.
 Notable exceptions include the 1799 meetinghouse, and the Justin Smith Morrill Homestead, a fine example of Gothic Revival architecture built by native son Justin Smith Morrill.
 The district, centered on the town green at the junction of Morrill Highway and Brook Road, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Morrill Hall is the oldest continuously-used academic building on the campus of the University of Maryland, College Park.
 Built in 1898 in the Second Empire architectural style for $24,000, it was the sole academic building left untouched by The Great Fire of 1912 which devastated almost all of campus.
 Originally known as Science Hall, the building was renamed for Senator Justin Morrill, father of the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act (from which the university received funds in 1864).
 Morrill Hall has housed numerous departments over the years, including the Zoology and Veterinary Science Departments.
 The three-story building currently houses a number of offices in the College of Behavioral and Social Sciences, including the Center for American Politics and Citizenship.
 Morrill Hall is currently being considered for addition to the Prince George's County historic landmark list.
 It most recently underwent a renovation in 2003.
Morrill Hall is a campus building of the University of Vermont (UVM), which is located on the southeast corner of the "University Green" in Burlington, Vermont (on the corner of Main Street and University Place).
 The building was named after U.S. Senator, Justin Smith Morrill who authored the Morrill Land-Grant Acts of 1862 and 1890, which created the American Land-Grant universities and colleges.
 Senator Morrill also served as a trustee of the university from 1865 until 1898.
 The building was constructed during 1906-07 to serve as the home of the UVM Agriculture Department and the Agricultural Experiment Station.
 It was added to National Register of Historic Places as part of University Green Historic District on April 14, 1975.
 As of 2015, the building continues to house the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and the UVM Agricultural Extension Service.
The Justin Smith Morrill Homestead is the historic Carpenter Gothic home of United States Senator Justin Smith Morrill (1810–98) in Strafford, Vermont, and was one of the first declared National Historic Landmarks, in 1960.
 It is located at 214 Justin Morrill Highway, south of the village green of Strafford.
 The homestead is a Vermont State Historic Site owned by the Vermont Division for Historic Preservation, a state agency, and is open for tours from May to October.
Justin Smith Morrill (April 14, 1810December 28, 1898) was a Representative (1855–1867) and a Senator (1867–1898) from Vermont, most widely remembered today for the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act that established federal funding for establishing many of the United States' public colleges and universities.
 He was one of the founders of the Republican Party.
A land-grant university (also called land-grant college or land-grant institution) is an institution of higher education in the United States designated by a state to receive the benefits of the Morrill Acts of 1862 and 1890.
