Musée Henri-Mathieu is a museum in Vosges, France.
 It is located in the former Bruyères Synagogue which was built with funding from a sponsor, Daniel Osiris, for the Jewish community of Bruyères.
 The museum now houses a collection of Folk Art.
 It also includes works by Jean Lurcat, an artist born in Bruyeres.
The Conexus Arts Centre, known from 1970 till 2006 (and still largely known) as the Saskatchewan Centre of the Arts, is a theatre complex located within Wascana Centre in Regina, Saskatchewan, which largely replaces former theatres downtown and Darke Hall on the original campus of Regina College, also in Wascana Centre but north of Wascana Lake.
 Naming of the Venue as Conexus Arts Centre was possible through a Partner/Sponsor Agreement with the Conexus Credit Union.
The O2 Arena (temporarily the sponsor-neutral "North Greenwich Arena", during the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics), is a multi-purpose indoor arena located in the centre of The O2 entertainment complex on the Greenwich Peninsula in south-east London.
 The arena was built under the former Millennium Dome, a large dome-shaped building built to house an exhibition celebrating the turn of the third millennium; as the dome-shaped structure still stands over the arena, "The Dome" remains a name in common usage for the venue.
 The arena, as well as the total O2 complex, is named after its primary sponsor, the telecommunications company O.
1 Wall Street Court in the Financial District of Manhattan, also known as The Beaver Building and The Cocoa Exchange (as the former home of the New York Cocoa Exchange) is a triangular-shaped building reminiscent of the Flatiron Building.
 The building, designed by Clinton and Russell and completed in 1904, is located at the intersection of Wall Street, Pearl Street, and Beaver Street.
The Kellogg Company (also Kellogg's, Kellogg, and Kellogg's of Battle Creek) is an American multinational food manufacturing company headquartered in Battle Creek, Michigan, United States.
 Kellogg's produces cereal and convenience foods, including cookies, crackers, toaster pastries, cereal bars, fruit-flavored snacks, frozen waffles, and vegetarian foods.
 The company's brands include Froot Loops, Apple Jacks, Corn Flakes, Frosted Flakes, Rice Krispies, Special K, Cocoa Krispies, Keebler, Pringles, Pop-Tarts, Kashi, Cheez-It, Eggo, Nutri-Grain, Morningstar Farms, and many more.
 Kellogg's stated purpose is "Nourishing families so they can flourish and thrive."
Cocoa Krispies, Choco Krispis, Choco Krispies, Coco Pops, or Choco Pops is a breakfast cereal produced by Kellogg's, coming both as a boxed cereal and as a snack bar with a 'dried milk' covered bottom, to make the cereal with milk tradition portable.
 It is a cocoa flavored version of Rice Krispies.
 Containing a substance imitating milk chocolate, the cereal can turn milk "chocolatey."
Superman: Tower of Power is a drop tower ride currently located at three Six Flags parks, and a former installment at Kentucky Kingdom.
The Wisconsin Center (formerly Midwest Express Center, Midwest Airlines Center, Frontier Airlines Center and Delta Center) is a convention and exhibition center located in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
 The center is part of a greater complex of buildings which includes the UW–Milwaukee Panther Arena and the Milwaukee Theatre, and was a replacement for the former Great Hall portion of the MECCA Complex.
 Up until July 1, 2013, the building was named after its sponsor Delta Air Lines when Delta purchased naming rights to the facility in August 2012.
 Delta later terminated its naming rights at the center on June 30, 2013 and the facility was officially renamed to "Wisconsin Center" on July 1, 2013.
Vodafone Events Centre (originally the TelstraClear Pacific Events Centre) is a multi-purpose event centre located in Manukau, Auckland, New Zealand (suburb of the former Manukau City), with an indoor arena, theatre and meeting halls hosting community, cultural and sports events, concerts and plays, exhibits, trade shows and expos, corporate functions, meetings, weddings and other special events.
 The event centre has cost an estimated NZ$ 48.7 million, of which somewhat less than half came from Manukau City Council.
 The naming rights sponsor was TelstraClear.
 but after it was purchased by Vodafone New Zealand, the center was subsequently renamed.
