Dr. Theodore Shapiro, MD, is a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst in New York, where he is a professor emeritus in psychiatry and pediatrics at Weill Cornell Medical College and the Payne Whitney Psychiatric Clinic.
 He is a faculty member of the Columbia University Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research and a training and supervising psychoanalyst at the New York Psychoanalytic Institute.
Irwin M. Marcus, M.D., is an American board certified psychiatrist, neurologist, psychoanalyst, innovator, scientist, medical educator, artist and sculptor.
 He has been a practicing psychiatrist, sex therapist, marriage counselor, psychoanalyst, child psychiatrist and family counselor for over six decades.
 Marcus started the Child Psychiatry Program at Tulane University School of Medicine in 1952, he is a Founder and former President of the New Orleans Psychoanalytic Institute, Emeritus Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at LSU School of Medicine, and is considered a psychoanalytic scholar.
Julio Licinio is deputy director (Translation Strategy and Process) at the South Australian Health and Medical Research Institute where he heads the Mind & Brain Theme.
 He is also Matthew Flinders Distinguished Professor of Psychiatry at Flinders University in Adelaide, clinical professor of psychiatry at the University of New Mexico School of Medicine in Albuquerque, adjunct professor of psychiatry at the UT (University of Texas) Health Science Center at Houston, and visiting professor of psychiatry, University of Minho in Braga.
 He is the former director of the John Curtin School of Medical Research, Australian National University (from 2009 to 2013), where he founded the John Curtin Medical Research Foundation.
 Licinio is the founding and current chief editor of three journals from the Nature Publishing Group, namely "Molecular Psychiatry", "Translational Psychiatry", and "The Pharmacogenomics Journal".
Saul V. Levine (born 1938) is a Canadian psychiatrist and author, professor emeritus of the University of California, San Diego, School of Medicine.
 Residency in Adult and Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at Stanford University Medical School.
 Instructor, Dept of Psychiatry, Stanford Professor of Psychiatry, University of Toronto, 1970–1993.
 Professor, Chairman of Psychiatry, Sunnybrook Health Science Center, Toronto.
 Professor of Psychiatry, Director, Division of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, University of California, San Diego (UCSD), 1993–2011.
 Chairman, Department of Psychiatry, Rady Children’s Hospital, San Diego, 1993–2011.
 He was department head of psychiatry at Sunnybrook Medical Center in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
John F. McDermott is an American psychiatrist who lives in Honolulu, Hawaii.
 He is married to Sarah McDermott, and has two children - a boy named John F., III and a girl named Elizabeth C.
 He attended Cornell University and New York Medical College.
 He did his residency in Psychiatry and Child Psychiatry at the University of Michigan's Medical Center and Henry Ford Hospital and became a tenured professor of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
 In 1969 he moved with his family to Hawaii where he founded and served as Professor and Chair of the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Hawaii’s John a Burns School of Medicine for 25 years.
 He has published twelve books, 150 peer reviewed scientific articles and contributed to a number of books and magazines, such as the "New York Times Magazine" and "Parents Magazine".
 Some of his books include “Childhood Psychopathology: an anthology of basic readings”, “People and Cultures of Hawaii: A Psychocultural Profile”, and “Raising Cain (and Abel too): The Parents Book of Sibling Rivalry”, which was praised for being easy for parents to understand.
 Andres Martin helped to create a mentorship program at the Journal of American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry for assistant editors in residence named after McDermott.
 He has participated in multiple organizations in the Hawaii area, including the Hawaii Opera Theater and the Hawaii Association for Children with Learning Disabilities.
Geraldine Dawson, Ph.D. is an American child clinical psychologist, specializing in autism.
 She has conducted extensive research on early detection, brain development, and treatment of autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and collaborated on studies of genetic risk factors in autism.
 Dawson is Professor of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Psychology, and Neuroscience and Director of the Duke Center for Autism and Brain Development at Duke University Medical Center.
 Dawson is President of the International Society for Autism Research, a scientific and professional organization devoted to advancing knowledge about autism spectrum disorders.
 From 2008-2013, Dawson was Research Professor of Psychiatry at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and was Chief Science Officer for Autism Speaks.
 Dawson also holds the positions of Adjunct Professor of Psychiatry at Columbia University and Professor Emeritus of Psychology at University of Washington.
 She is a Fellow of the American Psychological Society, American Psychological Association, and the Society of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology.
Thomas Stephen Szasz ( ; Hungarian: "Szász Tamás István" ; 15 April 1920, Budapest, Hungary – 8 September 2012, Manlius, New York, U.S.) was an American academic, psychiatrist and psychoanalyst.
 He served for most of his career as professor of psychiatry at the State University of New York Upstate Medical University in Syracuse, New York.
 A distinguished lifetime fellow of the American Psychiatric Association and a life member of the American Psychoanalytic Association, he was best known as a social critic of the moral and scientific foundations of psychiatry, as what he saw as the social control aims of medicine in modern society, as well as scientism.
 His books "The Myth of Mental Illness" (1961) and "The Manufacture of Madness" (1970) set out some of the arguments most associated with him.
Henry Z'vi Lothane, M.D., is an American psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, educator and author.
 Lothane is currently Clinical Professor at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York City, specializing in the area of psychotherapy.
 He is the author of some eighty scholarly articles and reviews on various topics in psychiatry, psychoanalysis and the history of psychotherapy, as well as the author of a book on the famous Schreber case, entitled "In Defense of Schreber.
 Soul Murder and Psychiatry".
 "In Defense of Schreber" examines the life and work of Daniel Paul Schreber against the background of 19th and early 20th century psychiatry and psychoanalysis.
Willard Gaylin is Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons.
 He is co-founder, along with Daniel Callahan, of The Hastings Center, and was its president since its inception in 1969 to 1993, chairman through 1994, and is now a member of the board.
 Gaylin received his B.A. from Harvard College, his M.D. from CaseWestern Medical School, and a Certificate in Psychoanalytic Education from the Columbia University Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research.
 For some 30 years he served on its faculty as a training and supervising psychoanalyst.
 At one time he simultaneously served as Professor of Psychiatry at Columbia Medical School, Professor of Psychiatry and Law at Columbia Law School and Adjunct Professor at Union Theological Seminary.
Sidney J. Blatt (October 15, 1928, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – May 11, 2014, Hamden, Connecticut) was a professor emeritus of psychiatry and psychology at Yale University's Department of psychiatry.
 Blatt was a psychoanalyst and clinical psychologist, empirical researcher and personality theoretician, who made enormous contributions to the understanding of personality development and psychopathology.
 His wide-ranging areas of scholarship and expertise included clinical assessment, psychoanalysis, cognitive schemas, mental representation, psychopathology, depression, schizophrenia, and the therapeutic process, as well as the history of art.
 During a long and productive academic career, Blatt published 16 books and nearly 250 articles and developed several extensively used assessment procedures.
 Blatt died on May 11, 2014, in Hamden, Conn.
 He was 85.
