Agranov (Russian: Агранов ; masculine) or Agranova (Агранова ; feminine) is a Russian last name.
 It derives from the Russian first name Gran (from the Latin word meaning "grain"), which transformed into the last name Granov.
 That last name transformed into "Agranov", as the latter is easier to pronounce.
Barbora "Bára" Basiková (born 17 February 1963) is a Czech singer and actress.
 She was named Female Singer of the Year at the 1991 Anděl Awards.
 In 2002, she performed the title role in the famous Czech musical, Kleopatra, at Prague's Broadway Theatre.
 Basiková placed third in the 1987 Zlatý slavík for female singer behind Petra Janů and Iveta Bartošová.
Those with the last name Nanduri are said to hail from the village of Nanduru which is located near Bapatla and Ponnur (small towns in the Guntur District of Andhra Pradesh).
 There is a village called Nanduru in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh as well which leads to some ambiguity.
 Those with this last name could be Niyogi Brahmins or Sri Vaishnava Brahmins or they could also be from a caste other than the Brahmin caste.
 One of the other known caste is Bhatraju.
 For the most part, those with this last name are predominantly Brahmins.
 Many have migrated from Nanduru and they have settled in various part of Andhra Pradesh.
 Some are known to have settled in a village known as Lingala, which in located in the Khammam District of Andhra Pradesh.
 Lingala is said to have been ruled by kings with the last name Nanduri hundreds of years ago.
Petrović (or Petrovich) is a Slavic last and second name, found in countries with Slavic populations.
 Examples of such countries are: Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Slovenia, Macedonia and Russia.
 This surname or last name is not tied to any nationality.
 It is normal Slavic surname deriving from "Petar", which is equivalent to Peter in English.
 The part "ov" designates possession: "Petrov" means "Peter's".
 The suffix "ić" is a diminutive designation, or descendant designation.
 So, the last name can be translated as "Peter's son", equivalent to the English last name of Peterson.
The wildfire potential of the forests of Cape Cod, located in southeastern Massachusetts, has been described as being the third most flammable area in the nation, behind southern California and the New Jersey Pine Barrens.
 With the development of the Cape from the 1960s to the present, the wildfire danger has diminished but thousands of acres are still capable of burning.
Tadros is a common given name or family name being the Greek equivalent of Theodore.
 The family's origin is said to be in Greece or Egypt, but the name may also be prominent in other Middle Eastern countries with a Christian minority including Jordan and Syria.
 Most people with the last name Tadros are from Orthodox, mainly Coptic or Antiochian, Christian families brought to Egypt and the Middle East during the Byzantine Empire.
 Although the name is Greek and spans many states in the Middle East the origins of people named Tadros may be completely unrelated to each other: Coptic Egyptians with this last name are of Pharaonic and Greek descent while Antiochians are native to Jordan and Syrians to ancient peoples of the region around Damascus.
 In the United States many variations of the name have arisen due to misspellings and difficult pronunciation; some people with the names Tadros have created variations including Tadres, Tawadros and Tawadrous.
Lara (née Lara Lor-Van) is a fictional character who appears in Superman comics published by DC Comics.
 Lara is the biological mother of Superman, and the wife of scientist Jor-El.
 Lara Lor-Van is Lara's full maiden name, as "Lor-Van" is the name of Lara's father.
 Most depictions of Kryptonian culture show that Kryptonian women use their father's full name as their last names before marriage.
 After marriage, they usually are known simply by their first names, though various versions show they use their husband's full name or last name as their married last name.
Death Note 2: The Last Name (デスノート the Last name , Desu Nōto the Last name ) a 2006 Japanese detective supernatural psychological horror thriller film directed by Shūsuke Kaneko.
 The film is the second in a series of live-action Japanese films released in 2006 based on the "Death Note" manga and anime series by Tsugumi Ohba and Takeshi Obata.
 The film primarily centers on a university student named Light Yagami who decides to rid the world of evil with the help of a supernatural notebook that kills anyone whose name is written in it.
 The film was produced by Nippon Television, and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Pictures Japan.
 It was licensed by VIZ Pictures.
 A spin-off, "", was released in 2008.
 A sequel, "", was released in 2016.
This list of stage names lists names used by those in the entertainment industry, alphabetically by their stage name's surname, followed by their birth name.
 Individuals who dropped their last name and substituted their middle name as their last name are listed.
 In many cases, performers have legally changed their name to their stage name.
Southern Child was Little Richard's fourth and final album for Reprise Records, due to be released in 1972.
 However, for unconfirmed reasons the album was shelved, and the tracks comprising the album were finally released in 2005 from Rhino Records in their "Complete Reprise Recordings" collection.
