Saw II is a 2005 American horror film, a sequel to 2004's "Saw" and the second installment in the "Saw" franchise, directed and co-written by Darren Lynn Bousman and series creator Leigh Whannell.
 The film stars Donnie Wahlberg, Franky G, Glenn Plummer, Beverley Mitchell, Dina Meyer, Emmanuelle Vaugier, Erik Knudsen, Shawnee Smith, and Tobin Bell.
Painkiller Jane is a television film based on the comic book character of the same name.
 It was first broadcast on the Sci-Fi Channel on December 10, 2005.
 The 2-hour film stars Emmanuelle Vaugier as the titular heroine.
 The film differs significantly from the story of the comic book character.
Unearthed is a 2007 horror film, directed by Matthew Leutwyler ("Dead & Breakfast") and starring Emmanuelle Vaugier ("Saw II") and Luke Goss.
 This monster movie opened on November 9, 2007 as one of the "8 Films to Die For" in the After Dark Films Horrorfest.
It's Christmas, Carol!
, an adaptation of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol", premiered on the Hallmark Channel on November 18, 2012.
 It follows Carol (Emmanuelle Vaugier), a bitter workaholic, that gets a wake up call from her deceased boss, Eve (Carrie Fisher).
 Eve appears as the three different ghosts of Christmas (Past, Present, Future).
 In the end, Carol realizes what she'd lost over the years and changes her ways.
Absolute Deception (also known as Deception) is a 2013 Australian/Canadian international co-production action thriller film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith, and starring Cuba Gooding Jr. and Emmanuelle Vaugier.
 The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on June 11, 2013.
A Nanny for Christmas is a 2010 comedy film, directed by Michael Feifer with a screenplay by Michael Ciminera and Richard Gnolfo.
 Starring Emmanuelle Vaugier, Dean Cain, Richard Ruccolo, Cynthia Gibb, and Sierra McCormick, the film was released November 23, 2010.
Dolan's Cadillac is a 2009 Canadian crime film starring Wes Bentley, Christian Slater and Emmanuelle Vaugier.
 It is based on a short story of the same name by Stephen King.
Blonde and Blonder is a 2008 Canadian comedy film starring Pamela Anderson, Denise Richards and Emmanuelle Vaugier.
 The film was directed by Dean Hamilton, and was released on January 18, 2008.
Cerberus (also known as Cerberus: the Guardian of Hell), is a 2005 Sci Fi Channel original film, starring Sebastian Spence, Emmanuelle Vaugier, and Greg Evigan.
 The film was directed by John Terlesky, and was released direct–to–video in 2005.
Emmanuelle Frederique Vaugier ( , ; born June 23, 1976) is a Canadian film and television actress, and model.
 Vaugier has had recurring roles as on "", Mia on "Two and a Half Men", Dr. Helen Bryce on "Smallville", FBI Special Agent Emma Barnes on "Human Target", and as The Morrigan on "Lost Girl".
 In feature films, Vaugier has appeared alongside Michael Caine and Robert Duvall in "Secondhand Lions".
 She appeared as Addison Corday in "Saw" "II" and "IV", and had a supporting role in the Josh Hartnett film "40 Days and 40 Nights".
