The World of Tibetan Buddhism is a 1995 book translated and edited by Geshe Thupten Jinpa, the Dalai Lama, in which he offers a clear and penetrating overview of Tibetan Buddhist practice from the Four Noble Truths to Highest Yoga Tantra.
The Orange Girl ("Appelsinpiken") is a Norwegian movie released in February 2009.
 It is based on a book by author Jostein Gaarder; a book translated to 43 languages.
 In addition to the Norwegian production company Sandrew Metronome, the German company Tradewind Pictures and the Spanish Jaleo Films are also part of the project.
The Mildred L. Batchelder Award, or Batchelder Award, is an American Library Association literary award that annually recognizes the publisher of the year's "most outstanding" children's book translated into English and published in the U.S.
The Sproing Award is awarded by Norsk Tegneserieforum (NTF), an organisation to promote interest and understanding for comics in Norway.
 Since 1987, the award has been presented for the "Best Norwegian Strips", a comic strip or comic book by a Norwegian, and "Best Translated Strips", an international comic strip/comic book translated into Norwegian.
 Since 2003, there has also been awarded a Sproing for "Best Comics Debut".
Amelia Biagioni (1916–2000) was an Argentine poet.
 She was born in Gálvez, Santa Fe.
 She taught Spanish and Spanish literature in her native town and, after 1955, in Buenos Aires.
 She began publishing poetry under a pseudonym in 1944, and resolved to use her own name only after 1950.
 Her pieces appeared in newspapers and reviews such as "La Prensa", "La Nación" and "International Poetry Review". "
The Hunts" is her first book translated into English.
History of Saudi Arabia & Wahabism (2014) is an English-Language book translated by Anwar Haroon.
 The origin of this book is an Urdu-Language book “Tareekh Najad-o-Hijaz” witten by Mufti Abdul Qayyum Qadri Hazarvi (died 2003) from Pakistan.
 However this English version has been published from United States of America.
Om Namo is a book written by Shantinath Desai.
 Author received 2000's Sahitya Akademi Award posthumously for this work.
 This book translated to Hindi by Dharenendra Kurakuri and to English by G. S. Amur.
Lon Po Po: A Red-Riding Hood Story from China is a children's picture book translated and illustrated by Ed Young.
 It was published by Philomel (Penguin Young Readers Group) in 1989.
 Young won the 1990 Caldecott Medal for the books illustrations.
Roger Keeran (or Roger Roy Keeran / Roger R. Keeran) (born in 1944, in Lapeer, Michigan,) is an American historian and university professor who taught successively at Cornell, Princeton, Rutgers and the New York State University (SUNY).
 A specialist of Labor and Policy studies, he published, in 1980, "The Communist Party and the Auto Workers' Unions" and, in 2004, with co-author Thomas Kenny, "Socialism Betrayed: Behind the Collapse of the Soviet Union" (a book translated into several languages), as well as various articles in history or sociology journals.
 He is now Professor Emeritus of the Empire State College at SUNY after retiring in 2013.
Dungeonland (EX1) is an adventure module for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") roleplaying game, written by Gary Gygax for use with the First Edition "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" ("AD&D") rules.
 It is an adaptation of Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", with the various characters from the book translated into "AD&D" terms.
