The Crooked Hinge is a mystery novel (1938) by detective novelist John Dickson Carr.
 It combines a seemingly impossible throat-slashing with elements of witchcraft, an automaton modelled on Maelzel's Chess Player, and the story of the Tichborne Claimant.
 It was dedicated to fellow author Dorothy Sayers "in friendship and esteem."
Penny Mickelbury (born 1948) is an African-American playwright and mystery novelist who worked as a print and television journalist for ten years before concentrating on fiction writing.
 After leaving journalism, she taught fiction and script writing in Los Angeles and saw two of her plays (‘’Waiting for Gabriel’’ and ‘’Hush Now’’) produced there.
 She began writing detective novels with "Keeping Secrets", published by Naiad Press in 1994, the first of a series featuring 'Gianna Maglione’, a lesbian chief of a hate-crimes unit based in Washington D.C. and her lover 'Mimi Patterson', a journalist.
 Her second series features ‘Carol Ann Gibson’, a Washington D.C attorney who is widowed in the first book and subsequently runs an investigation agency with 'Jake Graham', the detective who investigated her husband’s death.
 Her third features 'Phil Rodriguez', a Puerto Rican private investigator on the Lower Easter Side of New York City.
The Lake District Mysteries are a series of detective novels by British crime writer Martin Edwards.
 The books feature Hannah Scarlett and the historian Daniel Kind, and are the first series of crime novels by a British detective novelist to be set in the Lake District, a region in North-West England.
He Who Whispers is a mystery novel (1946) by detective novelist John Dickson Carr.
 Like Many of the works by this author feature so-called impossible crimes (for the most part, falling into the category of the locked room mystery).
 In this case, the novel falls into a smaller category of Carr's work in that it is suggested that the crime is the work of a supernatural being (here, a vampire).
 The detective is Dr. Gideon Fell, who ultimately uncovers a rational explanation for the novel's events.
 Carr considered this one of his best impossible crime novels.
June Thomson (also known as June Valerie Thomson), (born 1930, in Rettendon, Essex, United Kingdom) is a detective novelist.
Andy Straka is a Shamus Award-winning American crime novelist.
 Born and raised in upstate New York and a graduate of Williams College, he worked in publishing and medical sales for nearly fifteen years before turning to writing in the late 1990s.
 His debut private-eye novel, "A Witness Above", garnered Shamus, Anthony, and Agatha Award nominations for "Best First Novel" in 2002.
 "A Killing Sky" received an Anthony Award nomination in 2003, and Straka's third book, "Cold Quarry", won a 2004 Shamus Award.
 His series of six Frank Pavlicek novels features a former New York City police detective who also spends much of his time flying various hawks to help inspire him to solve criminal cases.
 The fourth novel in the Pavlicek series, "Kitty Hitter", was called a "great read" by Library Journal.
 "Kitty Hitter" was re-released with a new title, "The Night Falconer", as an e-book and paperback.
 A fifth book featuring Pavlicek is the novella "Flightfall".
 Another full-length novel, "The K Street Hunting Society", was released as book 6 in the Pavlicek series in 2014.
Rubislaw Quarry was opened in 1740 and is located at the Hill of Rubislaw in the west end of the Scottish city of Aberdeen.
 In 1778/9, Aberdeen City Council sold it to a businessman for £13, as it was not thought to be a source of good building material.
 However, over the next 200 years, an estimated six million tonnes of granite were excavated from the quarry, giving Aberdeen the name of 'The Granite City'.
 Rubislaw Quarry is one of the biggest man-made holes in Europe.
Rupaye Dus Karod is a 1991 Indian Bollywood suspense thriller film directed by Sikander Bharti and produced by Waman K. Dehsmukh and written by Shabdh Kumar.
 The film was made in the style of formula-based potboilers and was a hit.
 It stars Rajesh Khanna in the lead role and supporting cast includes Chunky Pandey, Amrita Singh, Sonu Walia, Avinash Wadhavan, Deepika Chikhalia, Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Kiran Kumar in pivotal roles.
 Rupaye Dus Karod (ten crores of rupees) is the story of a detective novelist (writing in Hindi) - Ravi Varma (Rajesh Khanna) whose father had to flee from India in his childhood itself because of a conspiracy masterminded by his wicked business partners and later Ravi finds himself in mystery murder and another plot to have tried to earn 10 crore by fraudulent means .
Sue Taylor Grafton (born April 24, 1940) is a contemporary American author of detective novels.
 She is best known as the author of the 'alphabet series' (""A" Is for Alibi", etc.) featuring private investigator Kinsey Millhone in the fictional city of Santa Teresa, California.
 The daughter of detective novelist C. W. Grafton, she has said the strongest influence on her crime novels is author Ross Macdonald.
 Prior to success with this series, she wrote screenplays for television movies.
C. Hugh Holman (February 24, 1914 - October 14, 1981) was an American literary scholar, academic administrator and detective novelist.
 He was a Professor of English at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill and its Provost from 1966 to 1968.
 He was the vice president of the National Humanities Center.
 He was the author of many books about Southern literature, and the founding co-editor of the "Southern Literary Journal".
 He was the recipient of several awards.
