Battleship Cove is a nonprofit maritime museum and war memorial in Fall River, Massachusetts.
 Featuring the world's largest collection of World War II naval vessels, it is home to the highly decorated battleship USS "Massachusetts" .
 It is located at the heart of the waterfront at the confluence of the Taunton River and Mount Hope Bay and lies partially beneath the Braga Bridge and adjacent to Fall River Heritage State Park.
Fall River rises on the Madison and Pitchstone plateaus in the southwest corner of Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming and flows approximately 64 mi to its confluence with the Henrys Fork of the Snake River near Ashton, Idaho.
 Historically, the river was referred to as the Middle Fork of the Snake River or as Fall River or the Falls River by trappers and prospectors as early as the 1830s.
 It was officially named the Falls River by the 1872 Hayden Geological Survey, but was always called Fall River by the locals and so the U.S. Board on Geographic Names changed the official name to Fall River in 1997 at the request of Idaho authorities.
 The river is home to numerous waterfalls and cascades in its upper reaches.
The Maritime Museum at Battleship Cove, formally the Marine Museum at Fall River in Fall River, Massachusetts is a historical and nautical museum with memorabilia, artifacts, and ship models of the Fall River Line and RMS "Titanic".
 The museum houses a diverse collection which includes more than 150 scale models, 30,000 photographs, videos, uniforms, audio recordings and more.
 The museum also hosts a "Titanic" exhibition, which includes a 28-foot (8.5-meter) long scale model of the RMS "Titanic" used in Twentieth-Century-Fox's 1953 film "Titanic".
 The museum also houses models of the Fall River Line (which operated from 1847 to 1937), a fleet of steamships that carried passengers from New York City and Boston to summer homes in Newport.
 Other exhibits follow the history of steam power at sea.
 The museum also sponsors a regular program of special events.
 The museum's main gallery exhibition is entitled: Sails, Paddles, and Screws: the History of Maritime Travel and Culture; and the museum hosts temporary exhibitions as well as a Kid's Cove Fun Space.
The Blackstone River and Canal Heritage State Park is a part of the state park system of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR).
 This 1000 acre park "recalls the role of canals in transporting raw materials and manufactured goods between emerging industrial centers."
 The Blackstone River and Canal Heritage State Park at Uxbridge, Massachusetts, is the midpoint of the Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor of the National Park System.
 The Blackstone River and Valley is where the industrial revolution was born in America.
 The southern entrance to this state park is the site of the historic Stanley Woolen Mill, currently being redeveloped for commercial and tourism.
 The Native American Nipmuc name for the village here was "Wacentug", translated as "bend in the river".
Fall River Heritage State Park is a history-themed public recreation area on the Taunton River in Fall River, Massachusetts.
 The state park encompasses 14 acre beside the Charles M. Braga Jr.
 Memorial Bridge on Battleship Cove, home of the World War II battleship USS "Massachusetts".
 The park is managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Fall River State Park is a state park in Greenwood County, Kansas USA, southwest of the city of Toronto.
 Located near the Flint Hills, Fall River State Park is 980 acre and can be accessed by going along 144 Highway 105.
 The state park features six different hiking trails including Casner Creek, Turkey Run, Post Oak, Overlook, Bluestem, and Catclaw.
Fall River Pass (elevation 11,796 ft ) is a mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of northern Colorado in the United States.
 It is located in the Front Range, within Rocky Mountain National Park.
 The pass is traversed by U.S. Highway 34 on Trail Ridge Road between Granby and Estes Park.
 However, as at Milner Pass on the Continental Divide, the road does not descend after reaching the pass from the west, but instead continues to climb along a side ridge; thus, neither pass is the high point on Trail Ridge Road, which crests at 12,183 ft east of Fall River Pass, still within Rocky Mountain National Park.
 On the other hand, the old, largely unpaved, and one-way-uphill Fall River Road (see adjoining map) does have its summit at Fall River Pass, where it joins the modern highway for the descent to the west.
Battleship Cove is a proposed future terminus of the MBTA Commuter Rail's Fall River branch of the South Coast Rail project.
 The station would be located in Fall River, Massachusetts, next to the namesake Battleship Cove.
 The station would be built on the former Old Colony & Newport Railway.
 The station would not offer any parking, and would primarily serve tourists, not everyday commuters.
Fall River is a future railroad station on the MBTA Commuter Rail's South Coast Rail project, located in Fall River, Massachusetts.
 The station will be built as part of the state's effort to extend rail service to Fall River and New Bedford.
 Fall River Station will be built on a line that was once part of the original Fall River Railroad and Old Colony & Newport Railway.
The Quequechan River is a river in Fall River, Massachusetts, that flows in a northwesterly direction from the northwest corner of the South Watuppa Pond through the heart of the city of Fall River and into to the end of the Taunton River at Mount Hope Bay at Heritage State Park/Battleship Cove.
 The word Quequechan means "Falling River" or "Leaping/Falling Waters" in Wampanoag, hence the city's name.
