Karen Foss (born January 26, 1950) is a gender and rhetoric scholar, previous head of the Department of Communication and Journalism at the University of New Mexico, and former professor at the University of New Mexico and Humboldt State University in California.
 During Foss’s journey as an undergraduate she was introduced to feminism and decided to pursue the intersectionality of feminism, communication, and rhetorical theory further.
 After Foss received her Ph.D. she put her passion into practice, teaching university students about feminist perspectives and how these perspectives impact society.
 Throughout Foss’s career, she has published and contributed to over 70 scholarly works.
 In addition, Foss has received 11 honors for her numerous contributions and publications.
Sioux Falls Regional Airport (IATA: FSD, ICAO: KFSD, FAA LID: FSD) , also known as Joe Foss Field, is a public and military use airport owned by the Sioux Falls Regional Airport Authority and located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Sioux Falls, a city in Minnehaha County, South Dakota, United States.
 Named in honor of aviator Joe Foss, it serves the greater Sioux Falls area, as well as communities throughout eastern South Dakota, southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa.
Joe Foss High School is an alternative school located in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
 In September 2015, the original building was sold to a religious group for $600,000, and the classes were moved to the former building of Axtell Park Middle School.
 The high school is operated alongside multiple other at-risk programs in the building, such as programs for middle school students, and suspensions from other schools in the district.
The CIA activities in Laos started in the 1950s.
 In 1959, U.S. Special Forces began to train some Laotian soldiers in unconventional warfare techniques as early as the fall of 1959 under the code name Erawan.
 Under this code name, General Vang Pao, who served the royal Lao family recruited and trained his Hmong soldiers.
 The Hmong were targeted as allies because after President Kennedy took power, he refused to send more American soldiers to battle in Southeast Asia.
 Instead, he called the CIA to use its tribal forces in Laos and "make every possible effort to launch guerrilla operations in North Vietnam’ with its Asian recruits."
 Hence, under this code name, General Vang Pao, who served the royal Lao family was recruited.
 He then recruited and trained his Hmong soldiers to ally with the CIA and fight against the communist.
Zebra Force (Codename: Zebra, USA title) is a 1976 American film directed by Joe Tornatore.
 The film is about a group of Vietnam War veterans who declare war on Los Angeles drug dealers and the Mafia.
 The film is also known as Code Name: Zebra (USA) and Commando Zebra (Italy).
 A sequel by Joe Tornatore with Mike Lane, also named "Code Name: Zebra" followed in 1987.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 115 (VMFA-115) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron.
 Officially nicknamed the "Silver Eagles" and on occasion "Joe's Jokers" after their first commanding officer Major Joe Foss, the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 31 (MAG-31) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
 The squadron has seen combat during World War II, the Korean and Vietnam Wars and has deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom with a final deployment in 2008 to Al Asad Airbase in western Iraq.
 The Squadron radio callsign is ""Blade""
The Joe Foss Institute is a nonprofit organization in the United States that aims to promote an appreciation among students for the American tradition of liberty, the country's military history, and patriotic values.
 It was founded in 2001 by flying ace and politician Joe Foss, and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.
 The institute lists its five values as "freedom, patriotism, integrity, service, and character", and targets its programs at military veterans, students, and teachers.
The 114th Fighter Wing (114 FW) is a unit of the South Dakota Air National Guard, stationed at Joe Foss Field Air National Guard Station, Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
 If activated to federal service, the Wing is gained by the United States Air Force Air Combat Command.
The American Sportsman was an American television series from 1965 to 1986 on ABC which presented filmed highlights involving the program's hosts and celebrities participating in hunting and/or fishing trips along with outdoor recreational activities such as whitewater kayaking, hang gliding and free climbing.
 It was typically presented on Sunday afternoons, frequently following coverage of live sporting events.
 From 1965 to 1967, the program was hosted by former South Dakota Republican Governor, American Football League commissioner, and World War II hero Joe Foss; it was later hosted by Grits Gresham, an outdoorsman from Natchitoches, Louisiana, and long-time sports announcer Curt Gowdy.
The 175th Fighter Squadron is a unit of the South Dakota Air National Guard 's 114th Operations Group stationed at Joe Foss Field Air National Guard Station, Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
 The 175th is equipped with the F-16C/D Fighting Falcon.
