E-COM, short for Electronic Computer Originated Mail, was a hybrid mail process used from 1982 to 1985 by the U.S. Postal Service to print electronically originated mail, and deliver it in envelopes to customers within two days of transmission.
 The E-COM service allowed customers to transmit messages of up to two pages from their own computers, via telecommunication lines, to one or more of 25 serving post offices (SPOs) located in the following cities: Atlanta, Boston, Charlotte, Chicago, Cincinnati, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Kansas City, Los Angeles, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Nashville, New Orleans, New York, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, Richmond, St. Louis, San Antonio, San Francisco, Seattle, and Washington, DC.
 After an electronic message was received as a SPO, it was processed and sorted by ZIP Code, then printed on letter-size bond paper, folded, and sealed in an envelope printed with a blue E-COM logo.
 In order to be eligible for the service, customers were required to send a minimum of 200 messages per transmission.
Deep inelastic scattering is the name given to a process used to probe the insides of hadrons (particularly the baryons, such as protons and neutrons), using electrons, muons and neutrinos.
 It provided the first convincing evidence of the reality of quarks, which up until that point had been considered by many to be a purely mathematical phenomenon.
 It is a relatively new process, first attempted in the 1960s and 1970s.
 It is an extension of Rutherford scattering to much higher energies of the scattering particle and thus to much finer resolution of the components of the nuclei.
The United States Phonograph Company was a manufacturer of cylinder phonograph records and supplies in the 1890s.
 It was formed in the Spring of 1893 by Victor Emerson, manager of the New Jersey Phonograph Company.
 Simon S. Ott and George E. Tewkesbury, heads of the Kansas Phonograph Company and inventors of an automatic phonograph joined later.
 It was based in Newark, New Jersey.
 After the collapse of the North American Phonograph Company in August 1894, the United States Phonograph Company became one of the industry's largest suppliers of records, competing mostly with the Columbia Phonograph Company who had joined with the American Graphophone Company to manufacture graphophones (at this point nearly identical to phonographs), blank wax cylinders, and original and duplicate records.
 The USPC manufactured duplicates as well, which allowed their recording program to reach the scale of competing with Columbia's.
 Their central location and proximity to New York allowed them to record the most popular artists of the 1890s, including George J. Gaskin, Dan W. Quinn, Len Spencer, Russell Hunting and Issler's Orchestra.
 Emerson left the company to lead Columbia's recording department around the summer of 1896.
 In 1897 the USPC worked with Edison's National Phonograph Company to retrofit phonographs with spring motors invented by Frank Capps.
 The convenience and cost savings of spring-motor phonographs like these helped shift the phonograph from a public entertainment (in parlors or exhibitions) to a consumer good.
 In October 1899 the company was prohibited by court order from manufacturing duplicate records, and they began supplying original records for the National Phonograph Company[7][6]<nowiki>[5]</nowiki>.
 The later U.S. Phonograph Company of Cleveland Ohio is unrelated.
The Union process was an above ground shale oil extraction technology for production of shale oil, a type of synthetic crude oil.
 The process used a vertical retort where heating causes decomposition of oil shale into shale oil, oil shale gas and spent residue.
 The particularity of this process is that oil shale in the retort moves from the bottom upward to the top, countercurrent to the descending hot gases, by a mechanism known as a rock pump.
 The process technology was invented by the American oil company Unocal Corporation in late 1940s and was developed through several decades.
 The largest oil shale retort ever built was the Union B type retort.
New Jersey v. Delaware, 552 U.S. 597 (2008), is a United States Supreme Court case in which New Jersey sued Delaware, invoking the Supreme Court's original jurisdiction under  /1251 § 1251  (a), following Delaware's denial of oil company BP's petition to build a liquefied natural gas pipeline and loading facility on the New Jersey side of the Delaware River.
 Delaware denied BP's petition because it violated Delaware's Coastal Zone Act.
 BP then sought New Jersey's approval of the project.
 Delaware objected because the construction would require dredging of underwater land within Delaware's borders, which extend to the low-tide mark of the New Jersey shore.
 BP's proposal had not yet passed New Jersey's approval process when New Jersey and BP filed suit against Delaware.
An induction programme is the process used within many businesses to welcome new employees to the company and prepare them for their new role.
 Its helps in the effective integration of the employee into the organisation.
Sour mash is a process used in the distilling industry that uses material from an older batch of mash to start the fermentation of a new batch, analogous to the making sourdough bread with a starter.
 The term "sour mash" can also be used as the name of the type of mash used in that process, and a whiskey made using this process can be referred to as a "sour mash whiskey".
 Sour mash does not refer to the flavor of the whiskey, as is sometimes thought.
The New Jersey State Opera is an opera company based in Newark, New Jersey.
 It was established in 1964 as the Opera Theater of Westfield, and shortly after opening the great Alfredo Silipigni was hired as Artistic Director.
 The name was changed to the Opera Theatre of New Jersey in 1965, and in 1968 the company moved to Newark Symphony Hall.
 In 1974 it was renamed the New Jersey State Opera.
 The company moved to New Jersey Performing Arts Center (NJPAC) in 1998.
 In 2008, Jason C. Tramm took over as Artistic Director, serving until 2012.
 Tramm was a protégé of Silipigni and continued his legacy, while revitalizing the company.
 In 2012, it relocated to the Clifton=Passaic area.
Joint application design (JAD) is a process used in the life cycle area of the dynamic systems development method (DSDM) to collect business requirements while developing new information systems for a company.
 "The JAD process also includes approaches for enhancing user participation, expediting development, and improving the quality of specifications."
 It consists of a workshop where "knowledge workers and IT specialists meet, sometimes for several days, to define and review the business requirements for the system."
 The attendees include high level management officials who will ensure the product provides the needed reports and information at the end.
 This acts as "a management process which allows Corporate Information Services (IS) departments to work more effectively with users in a shorter time frame".
Haskell invented a process for making glue from blood-albumin.
 The process used slaughterhouse blood from the Chicago stock yards.
 The inexpensive waterproof adhesive was called "black albumin glue."
 It was used to bond wood pieces.
 One product Haskell made from this was a lightweight waterproof plywood, first known as Ser-O-Ply.
 He applied this glue to wood veneers and manufactured plywood for various applications.
 Some of these applications were boats, airplanes, tanks, trucks, automobiles and rail cars.
 They were from 1/8th inch thick to just over an inch thick, and had various layers of ply veneers.
 Typical moldable plywood panels were about five feet wide by twenty feet long and 3/16th of an inch thick.
 The plywood sheets made this way were eventually given the brand trade name of "haskelite."
 It is named after Henry L. Haskell, inventor of the glue bonding the plywood.
