David M. Sever is an American herpetologist, histologist, anatomist and reproductive biologist.
 He has been a professor and department head in the Department of Biological Sciences at Southeastern Louisiana University since 2004, and held the Kenneth Dyson Endowed Professorship in Biological Sciences from 2012 to 2015.
 He is well known for over 30 years of research on the secondary sexual characteristics of salamanders and more generally on comparative histoanatomy of the urogenital systems of vertebrates.
 and was recognized as the 2013 Distinguished Herpetologist of the Year by the Herpetologists' League.
The Biological Society of Pakistan is an organization in Pakistan which is engaged in the promotion of learning and research of biology in the region.
 The Biological Society of Pakistan has been acknowledged at global scale in terms of contribution in classical as well as in emerging modern technological aspects of the biological sciences.
 Its members mainly consist of those interested in the biological sciences.
William "Bill" McGinnis, Ph.D. is a molecular biologist and professor of biology at the University of California San Diego.
 At UC San Diego he has also served as the Chairman of the Department of Biology from July 1998 - June 1999, as Associate Dean of the Division of Natural Sciences from July 1, 1999 - June 2000, and as Interim Dean of the newly established Division of Biological Sciences from July 1, 2000 - February 1, 2001.
 Dr. McGinnis was appointed Dean of the Divisional Biological Sciences on July 1, 2013
The Animal Demography Unit (ADU) is a formally recognized research unit of the University of Cape Town (UCT) located within the Department of Biological Sciences of UCT.
 (The Department of Biological Sciences was formed from the merger of the Department of Botany and the Department of Zoology at the start of the 2013 academic year).
 The Animal Demography Unit, popularly known as the ADU, was responsible for the management of the First and Second Southern African Bird Atlas Projects SABAP1 and SABAP2.
 The unit has submitted over eight million georeferenced biodiversity records to GBIF.
Umesh Varshney (born 1957) is an Indian molecular biologist, academician and the head of the "Prof.Umesh Varshney's Lab" at the Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru.
 He is a J. C. Bose National Fellow of the Department of Science and Technology and is known for his studies on protein synthesis and DNA repair in "Escherichia coli" and Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
 An elected fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences, Indian National Science Academy and the National Academy of Sciences (India), he is also a recipient of the National Bioscience Award for Career Development of the Government of India.
 The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the apex agency of the Government of India for scientific research, awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards, in 2001, and then in 2014 with the G. N. Ramachandran Gold Medal for Excellence in Biological Sciences & Technology for his contributions to biological sciences.
Historical Studies in the Natural Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by University of California Press on behalf of the Office for History of Science and Technology (University of California, Berkeley).
 It was established in 1970 as the biannual "Historical Studies in the Physical Sciences", was renamed to " Historical Studies in the Physical and Biological Sciences" in 1985, and obtained its current name at the start of the 2008 volume, when it also changed its publication frequency.
 It covers the study of the intellectual and social history of the physical sciences (including physics, chemistry, and astronomy) and the biological sciences (including biology, biophysics, and genetics), from the 17th century to the modern era.
John G. Duman is the Gillen Professor of Biological Sciences at the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana in the area of environmental physiology with particular focus on freeze avoidance and freeze tolerance in insects.
 He joined the faculty at Notre Dame in 1974 following the completion of his doctorate in marine biology at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at University of California, San Diego under Arthur L. DeVries.
 Duman served as Assistant Dean in 1982-1987 and subsequently as Associate Dean for the Notre Dame College of Science beginning in 1987-1993 until his tenure as Chair of the Department of Biological Sciences from 1993-2002.
Richard Warren Aldrich is an American neuroscientist who is currently the Karl Folkers Chair of Interdisciplinary Medical Research and Professor of Neurobiology in the School of Biological Sciences at the University of Texas.
 Graduating from the University of Arizona with a BS in Biological Sciences (1975), Aldrich went on to earn a Ph. D. in Neuroscience from Stanford University (1980).
 After completing a post-doctoral fellowship in physiology at Yale University under the direction of W. Knox Chandler and Charles F. Stevens, Aldrich was hired to teach at Yale, instructing in the Department of Molecular Neurobiology.
 In 1985, Aldrich returned to Stanford to teach neurobiology and physiology, eventually serving as Chair of the Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology from 2001 to 2004.
 He was an Investigator in the Howard Hughes Medical Institute from 1990 until 2006.
 Aldrich's research has focused on the "molecular mechanisms of ion channel function and their role in electrical signaling."
 Aldrich has served as the President of the Society of General Physiologists and the Biophysical Society.
 Aldrich became a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2008, and in 2011 was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Alan C. "Al" Kamil is an American experimental psychologist.
 He is the Director, School of Biological Sciences and George Holmes Professor of Biological Sciences and Psychology at the University of Nebraska, Lincoln.
 Kamil's work focusses on the evolution of memory and adaptive specializations of learning in many animal species, especially the Clark's nutcracker and other birds.
 Kamil has published peer reviewed articles on both theoretical aspects of comparative psychology and animal cognition, and on empirical studies of animal learning and memory.
 In 2013 Kamil was honoured by the Comparative Cognition Society for his contributions to the study of animal cognition.
Jeffery L. "Jeff" Dangl (b. Oct 13, 1957) is an American biologist.
 He is currently John N. Couch Professor of Biology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 Dangl earned his BAS of Biological Sciences and Modern Literature, MS of Biological Sciences, and Ph.D. degrees from Stanford University.
 He joined the UNC faculty after a postdoctoral period at the Department of Biochemistry, Max-Planck-Institut für Züchtungsforschung in Köln, Germany and as a Group Leader in the Max-Delbrück Laboratorium of the same institute.
