Moseley Shoals Records is an independent record label in the United Kingdom.
 The company was set up by British rock band Ocean Colour Scene in 2004, so that they could release their "Live Acoustic at the Jam House" album.
 The name Moseley Shoals is taken from their breakthrough second album "Moseley Shoals".
 Moseley is an area of Birmingham where the band formed, and they named their recording studio Moseley Shoals in deference to Muscle Shoals Sound recording studio in Muscle Shoals, Alabama.
"Beatles", written by Sven Olov Bagge and Claes Bure, was the song that, performed by Swedish dansband Forbes, won the Swedish Melodifestivalen 1977.
 The song's lyrics are about the popular 1960s British rock group the Beatles and include the phrase "Yeah, yeah, yeah" as an homage to the Beatles song "She Loves You".
 Forbes took the song to the United Kingdom for the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, with Anders Berglund as conductor.
 The audience cheered at the song, not unexpectedly since the contest took place in the United Kingdom, but the jury had another opinion.
 The song finished last, with only two points, from West Germany.
One Acoustic Night is the third album live by the German hard rock band Bonfire.
 It was released in 2005 by E-M-S Music and is a two-disc album that is a live acoustic performance in Germany.
 It also features a studio song dedicated to the victims of the tsunami disaster in Thailand, recorded in English, German and Spanish.
 Chris Limburg and Thomas Streck were guest musicians that helped with the live performance, which is all in German.
 A DVD was released at the same time of the acoustic performance.
"Light Up the Sky" is the first and only single from Yellowcard's album "Paper Walls".
 The live acoustic version was first heard on March 30, 2007, at their concert at the Troubador in West Hollywood, California.
 It was then played electric in later shows.
 On May 15, 2007, the fully mixed album version was put on their Myspace page.
 The song impacted radio on June 5, 2007.
 It was released on iTunes on June 5, 2007, and it was the most added single to US Alternative/Modern Rock radio stations for the week ending June 8, 2007, and peaked at number 41 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.
 The song also reached number 32 on the Adult Top 40 chart.
"Australia" is a song by Australian rock band Gyroscope, from the album "Breed Obsession".
 It was released as the third single from their highly successful album, which peaked at number one on the Australian Albums Chart.
 The song was released to radio in May 2008, and was released as a CD single and digital download on 14 June 2008, along with two acoustic pieces.
 One of those being a live acoustic version of "Australia", the other a live acoustic cover of Chris Isaak's "Wicked Game".
Live Acoustic America is an acoustic live recording of classic Howard Jones songs, released in 1996.
 It was recorded in Los Angeles to a sell out crowd and features Carol Steele on percussion.
 The acoustic tour travelled the world, with Jones playing venues in Europe, the USA and Jamaica.
 The tour accompanied the release of the piano-based album "In the Running" and featured pared-back versions of his hits, album tracks, and The Beatles cover "Come Together".
One Cold Night is an acoustic album by South African post-grunge/alternative metal band Seether, released on 11 July 2006, that features 12 acoustic tracks plus bonus DVD footage recorded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at the Grape Street Club on 22 February 2006.
 The album includes live acoustic renditions of songs from the band's "Fragile", "Disclaimer", and "Karma and Effect" albums, a cover song, and a remixed version of "The Gift".
Broken Down: The EP is the third release on Flicker Records by Christian rock band Pillar.
 It features a demo version of the hit song "Bring Me Down" as well as live acoustic versions and studio acoustic versions of songs on Pillar's second album, "Fireproof".
Mabool: The Story of the Three Sons of Seven is the third full-length studio album by the Israeli metal band Orphaned Land.
 It was released on February 23, 2004 through Century Media Records.
 There are two different versions of the album; in a CD version and an LP with different cover art for each.
 The album is also available as a limited edition version with a bonus live acoustic CD titled "The Calm Before the Flood".
 It was also released on vinyl by Profound Lore Records as a 2-LP album in a clear wax case limited to only 500 copies.
 The album also features two videos that were made for "Ocean Land" and "Norra el Norra" their first videos.
"I Told You So" is a song by American recording duo Karmin, taken from their debut EP "Hello".
 It was written by band members Amy Heidemann and Nick Noonan, as well as Elite and producer John "Jon Jon Traxx" Webb, Jr.
 The song features a primary hip hop influence, as well as elements of rock, electronica and ska.
 The song debuted live on "Saturday Night Live" on February 11, 2012.
 Heidemann and Noonan first performed a live acoustic snippet of the song on Elvis Duran and the Morning Show prior to their SNL appearance.
 "I Told You So" is said to pay homage to Chris Brown's "Look at Me Now", a song they covered on YouTube that brought them to fame.
