Isobel (known as Iso) Rae (18 August 1860 – 16 March 1940) was an Australian impressionist painter.
 After training at Melbourne's National Gallery of Victoria Art School, where she studied alongside Frederick McCubbin and Jane Sutherland, Rae travelled to France in 1887 with her family, and spent most of the rest of her life there.
 A longstanding member of the Étaples art colony, Rae lived in or near the village of Étaples from the 1890s until the 1930s.
 During that period, Rae exhibited her paintings at the Royal Society of British Artists, the Society of Oil Painters, and the Paris Salon.
 During World War I, she was a member of the Voluntary Aid Detachment and worked throughout the war in Étaples Army Base Camp.
 She and Jessie Traill were the only Australian women to live and paint in France during the war, however they were not included in their country's first group of official war artists.
 Following Hitler's rise to power, Rae moved to south-eastern England, where she died in 1940.
Julius Caesar is a 1950 film adaptation of the Shakespeare play "Julius Caesar".
 The first film version of the play with sound, it was produced and directed by David Bradley using actors from the Chicago area.
 Charlton Heston, who had known Bradley since his youth, and who was establishing himself in television and theater in New York, played Mark Antony.
 He was the only paid cast member.
 Bradley himself played Brutus, and Harold Tasker had the title role.
 Bradley recruited drama students from his alma mater Northwestern University for bit parts and extras, one of whom was future star Jeffrey Hunter, who studied alongside Heston at Northwestern.
Bernard Gerald Quinlan (August 1885 – 11 September 1951) was an Australian cricketer and doctor.
 The son of Timothy Quinlan and grandson of Daniel Connor, both Irish-born politicians, Quinlan was born in Perth, Western Australia, and educated at the University of Adelaide, later progressing to Dublin University, where he studied medicine.
 While in Ireland, Quinlan played for the university's cricket team against touring English county teams, and later represented the Irish cricket team in the traditional match against Scotland, in what was to be his only first-class match.
 With Ireland declaring their first innings with the loss of six wickets, Quinlan did not bat, but took a total of three wickets while bowling.
 After his graduation in 1913, Quinlan returned to Western Australia, where he practised medicine.
 During Australia's involvement in World War I, he was made an honorary captain in the Australian Army Medical Corps, later being made a captain in the Australian Army Reserve.
 Quinlan later moved to Malvern, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne.
 He died at the Repatriation General Hospital in Heidelberg in September 1951, and was buried in the Roman Catholic section of the Springvale Cemetery.
 His younger brother, Patrick Francis Quinlan, also played cricket for Ireland, having studied alongside him at Dublin University.
Leron Thomas (born April 8, 1979) is an American jazz trumpeter, composer and vocalist noted for his musical style as a "masterful genre-bender".
 Born in Houston, Texas Thomas attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts.
 He moved to New York City to study Jazz and Contemporary Music at The New School university.
 There he studied alongside many notable contemporaries and began working professionally prior to his graduation in 2003.
Rhett Walton is an Australian actor who has appeared in the soap opera "Families" and "Paradise Beach".
 He is a National Institute of Dramatic Arts (NIDA) graduate, from the class of 1985, where he studied alongside his future wife, Sonia Todd.
 Other classmates included Baz Luhrmann and Catherine McClements.
James Duncan McAlister (born 2 November 1985 in Rothesay) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Blackpool.
 Jim was raised on the Isle of Bute and attended Rothesay primary school.
 His secondary school education was at Rothesay Academy where he studied alongside well known names such as Ashley Powers.
The Welsh Baccalaureate or Welsh Bacc, is delivered in schools and colleges across Wales.
 It gives broader experiences than traditional learning programmes, developing transferable skills useful for education and employment.
 The Welsh Bacc is offered at Advanced (level 3), National (level 2) Foundation (level 1) and National/Foundation level, and is studied alongside a range of academic and vocational qualifications.
Eusebio Valli (1755–1816) was a physician from Lari, Pisa, Italy, who in the shadows of Luigi Galvani and Alessandro Volta also studied the phenomenon of "animal electricity" or bioelectricity.
Otto Carl Willy Prausnitz (October 11, 1876 in Hamburg – April 21, 1963), also known as Carl Prausnitz-Giles, was a German physician, bacteriologist, and hygienist who developed the Prausnitz-Küstner test with Heinz Küstner.
 Prausnitz was a student of Richard Pfeiffer, and is considered a pioneer of bacteriology and immunology.
 Prausnitz was born in Hamburg, Germany on October 11, 1876.
 He was the son of Otto Prausnitz, a German physician, and an English mother whose maiden name was Giles.
 Prausnitz studied at the Universities of Leipzig, Kiel, and Breslau, and mainly worked on differentiating "Vibrio cholerae" from other "Vibrio" species.
 He earned his M.D. from the University of Breslau in 1903.
 He also studied hay fever and the allergenic nature of pollen.
 Prausnitz moved to London in 1905, and became an instructor at the Royal Institute of Public Health.
Prehistoric music (previously primitive music) is a term in the history of music for all music produced in preliterate cultures (prehistory), beginning somewhere in very late geological history.
 Prehistoric music is followed by ancient music in different parts of the world, but still exists in isolated areas.
 However, it is more common to refer to the "prehistoric" music which still survives as folk, indigenous or traditional music.
 Prehistoric music is studied alongside other periods within music archaeology.
