Grønsvik coastal artillery battery (HKB 16/974 Grönsviken) at Helgeland in Norway, was a German army coastal artillery battery, built between 1942 and 1945 as one of ten coastal batteries in Artillery group Sandnessjöen (Heeres-Küsten-Artillerie-Regiment 974).
 The coastal battery is today a museum whose purpose is to show the public that the Atlantic Wall in Norway was a lot more than the big naval batteries one can find scattered along the coast.
 Out of a total of 280 coastal batteries at the end of the war, 210 were army batteries armed with army guns and manned by army personnel and only 70 were naval batteries.
On 4 May 1982, Australian army personnel Robin Reid and Paul Luckman kidnapped teenage boys Peter Aston and Terry Ryan on the Gold Coast, Queensland.
 Reid and Luckman then drove the boys at gun and knife point to Kingscliff, New South Wales, where they were beaten, tortured, and sexually assaulted before Aston was ultimately murdered.
Yashlatz (Hebrew: ישל"צ‎ , acronym for "Yeshivat Yerushalayim L’Tzeirim", "Jerusalem Yeshiva for teenagers") is a National Religious Yeshiva High School in Jerusalem, Israel.
 It was founded in 1964 by Rabbi Yaakov Filber, one of the foremost students of Rav Tzvi Yehuda HaCohen Kook, to serve as institution of choice for teenage boys of the Merkaz Harav community.
 Yashlatz is considered to be one of the leading Yeshiva High Schools in Israel, both in its religious and educational standards; and it serves as the institution of choice for teenage boys of the Merkaz Harav community.
 It became a flagship institution, and now has an enrollment of approximately 300 students.
Mirza Tahir Hussain (Urdu: مرزا طاہر حسین‎ ; born 1 June 1970) is a British man paroled on 17 November 2006 after spending 18 years on death row in Pakistan for the murder of a taxicab driver named Jamshed Khan in 1988, a crime which he says he committed in self-defence, as Khan pulled out a gun and tried to sexually assault him.
 In the ensuing struggle, the gun went off, fatally injuring Khan.
 Mirza was held in the Adiala jail in Rawalpindi.
 His representative is Greg Mulholland, MP for Leeds North West.
The Army Air Defence College, (abbreviated as AADC), is the training academy for the Army Air Defence Corps of Indian Army.
 The college is located in the Gopalpur cantonment in Gopalpur, Odisha.
 It spreads over an area of 2700 acres of land.
 The primary objective of the academy is to impart technical and operational knowledge to the personnel of Indian Army posted to the Corps of Army Air Defence (AAD) about the air defence systems and anti-aircraft warfare.
 Besides the army personnel, the academy also trains personnel from navy, air force and students from friendly foreign nations.
The Mohocks were allegedly a gang of violent, well-born criminals that terrorized London in the early 18th century, attacking men and women alike.
 Taking their name from the Mohawks, they were said to kill or disfigure their male victims and sexually assault their female victims.
 The matter came to a head in 1712 when a bounty of £100 was issued by the royal court for their capture.
Human rights abuses in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan, have been a recurrent issue, ranging from forced disappearances, torture to political repression and electoral fraud and suppression of freedom of speech.
 According to the human rights commission of Pakistan, Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) carries out extensive surveillance operations on the press and pro independence groups, they have carried out arbitrary arrests in which people have been tortured and several have died.
 Asian Legal Resource Centre (ALRC) is cited to indicate that dozens have disappeared after their arrests in Pakistan-held Kashmir.
 Those missing include Pakistani army personnel, those involved in spying for Pakistan, or those suspected of spying for India.
 According to the report "persons are arrested and disappeared if they refuse to join or try to leave the forces engaged in the “Jihad” inside Indian-held Kashmir or don’t provide information to the intelligence agencies about the movements of people across the border control line.
 A significant number of cases point to the Inter-Services Intelligence’s involvement in these disappearances".
William "Billy" Reid (1 January 1939 – 15 May 1971) was a member of the Belfast Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army.
 Reid shot the first British Army soldier on duty killed in the Troubles and was later himself killed as he attempted another ambush of British Army personnel.
Robin Reid (born 19 February 1971) is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2012.
 He held the WBC super-middleweight title from 1996 to 1997, and the IBO super-middleweight title from 2004 to 2005.
 As an amateur, Reid represented Great Britain at 1992 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal in the light-middleweight division.
The 2006 Werribee DVD incident occurred in the Australian town of Werribee (a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria), when a group of teenage boys, who collectively called themselves the "Teenage Kings of Werribee", filmed themselves committing various criminal acts, including the sexual assault of a teenage girl with a developmental disability.
 They then produced a DVD of their actions, which they sold for $5 a copy, and posted their footage to YouTube under the name "Cunt: the Movie".
 The DVD caused widespread controversy after excerpts were broadcast by television current affairs program "Today Tonight" on 23 October 2006, and led to a police investigation about the content.
