Carl Nielsen's String Quartet No. 4 in F major or Quartet for Two Violins, Viola and Cello in F major, Opus 44, was composed between February and July 1906.
 The last of Nielsen's four string quartets in the official series, its first public performance took place on 30 November 1907 in Copenhagen.
Carl Nielsen's String Quartet No. 3 in E flat major or Quartet for Two Violins, Viola and Cello in E flat major, Opus 14, was composed in 1897 and 1898.
 The third of Nielsen's four string quartets in the official series, it was first performed privately in "Vor Forening" (Our Society) on 1 May 1899 with Anton Svendsen, Ludvig Holm, Frederik Marke and Ejler Jensen as performers.
A string quintet is a musical composition for five string players.
 As an extension to the string quartet (two violins, a viola, and a cello), a string quintet includes a fifth string instrument, usually a second viola (a so-called "viola quintet") or a second cello (a "cello quintet"), or occasionally a double bass.
The Quartet Movement in F major B. 120, is the first movement of a projected string quartet in F major by Antonín Dvořák composed in early October 1881 to fulfill a commission from the Hellmesberger Quartet and abandoned in favour of the String Quartet No. 11 in C major, Op. 61, B. 121.
The Hungarian composer Béla Bartók wrote six string quartets, each for the usual forces of two violins, viola and cello.
 Notable composers who have been influenced by them include Benjamin Britten, particularly in the Sonata in C for Cello and Piano (; ), Elliott Carter, who refers in the opening of his own First String Quartet to Bartók’s Sixth Quartet , Chen Yi , Edison Denisov, whose Second Quartet is closely related to Bartók’s Fifth Quartet , Franco Donatoni, who was deeply impressed when he heard a broadcast of Bartók's Fourth Quartet , Robert Fripp, who mentions them as an influence upon King Crimson , Miloslav Ištvan , György Kurtág, whose Opp.
 1 and 28 both owe a great deal to Bartók's quartets (; ), György Ligeti, whose two string quartets both owe a great deal to Bartók’s quartets (; ), Bruno Maderna , George Perle, who credits the Bartók Fourth and Fifth Quartets as precedents for his use of arrays of chords related to one another by different types of symmetry , Walter Piston (; ), Kim Dzmitrïyevich Tsesakow , Wilfried Westerlinck , Stefan Wolpe, who explained in a public lecture how he had derived ideas from Bartók’s Fourth Quartet , and Xu Yongsan .
The New World String Quartet was a classical music string quartet formed in the city of Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States, in 1975 and active through the early 1990s.
 Founding members were: Yosef Yankelev and William Patterson, violins; Yuri Vasilaki, viola; and Ross Harbaugh, cello.
 These were also the members in a 1981 Minnesota Public Radio interview and performance.
 As of 1983, members were: Curtis J. Macomber and William Patterson, violins; Robert Dan, viola; and Ross T. Harbaugh, cello.
 These are also the members listed on the quartet's recording of Ben Johnston's
The String Quartet, Op. 28 by Anton Webern is written for the standard string quartet group of two violins, viola and cello.
 It was the last piece of chamber music that Webern wrote (his other late works include two cantatas Op. 29/31 and the "Variations for Orchestra, Op. 30").
The String Quartet No. 1 in D major, Opus 11, was Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's first completed string quartet of three string quartets, published during his lifetime.
 (An earlier attempt had been abandoned after the first movement had been completed.)
 Composed in February 1871, it was premiered in Moscow on 16/28 March 1871 by four members of the Russian Musical Society: Ferdinand Laub and Ludvig Minkus, violins; Pryanishnikov, viola; and Wilhelm Fitzenhagen, cello.
 Tchaikovsky subsequently arranged the second movement, "Andante cantabile", for cello and string orchestra.
String Quartet No. 1 is one of the most studied works by composer Charles Ives.
 The piece is composed for the standard string quartet of two violins, a viola, and a cello.
 There are four movements:
Carl Nielsen's String Quartet No. 2 in F minor or Quartet for Two Violins, Viola and Cello in F minor, Opus 5, was composed in 1890, partly in Denmark but mostly in Germany where the composer was travelling on a stipend.
 The second of Nielsen's four string quartets in the official series, it was first performed privately for Joseph Joachim on 18 November 1890 at the Hochschule für Ausübende Tonkunst in Berlin.
