Michael and Mary was a 1931 British drama film directed by Victor Saville and starring Elizabeth Allan, Edna Best, Frank Lawton, and Herbert Marshall.
 This was the first of the Edna Best and Herbert Marshall co-starring talkies.
 It was based on a play of the same name by A. A. Milne.
Mark Bin Bakar is an Indigenous Australian musician, comedian and radio announcer, writer, director/producer as well as an indigenous rights campaigner based in Broome, in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
 He is best known for his radio and television character, the acid-tongued Mary Geddarrdyu or Mary G, who has gained somewhat of a national cult following and has been described as a Dame Edna Everage in thongs.
 In character Mary G has hosted a radio program and hosted a variety show broadcast nationally on SBS Television.
Mary Jane Sherfey (1918–1983) was an American psychiatrist and writer on female sexuality, she received her medical degree from Indiana University, where she attended lectures on marriage and sexuality given by Alfred Kinsey.
 Sherfey had a private practice in New York City and was on the staff of the Payne Whitney Clinic of the New York Hospital – Cornell Medical Center.
 In 1961, Sherfey’s interest in female biology was intensified when she came upon the inductor theory, which demonstrated that the human embryo is female until hormonally “induced” to become male.
 Determined to popularize a fact that had lain in neglect since its discovery in the 1950s, Sherfey began researching the subject and familiarizing herself with a variety of disciplines, including embryology, anatomy, primatology and anthropology.
 Many of her findings appear in "The Nature and Evolution of Female Sexuality", which initially took form as an article contesting the existence of vaginal orgasm, published in the Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association in 1966.
Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex is a 2008 book by Mary Roach.
 It follows the winding history of science and its exploration of human sexuality, going back as far as Aristotle and finally ending with recent discoveries about the origination and anatomy of the female orgasm.
 Throughout, Mary Roach provides a humorous and often very personal view—both as a participant and observer—of humans, scientists, animals, and sex machines.
 Of the book's numerous accounts, Roach discusses artificial insemination of sows in Denmark, the notorious history of sex machines, as well as much discussion and commentary on Kinsey's notorious attic sex experiments.
 Her footnotes provide additional humor; as in a sentence which includes several DSM diagnoses listed as acronyms she adds "And from HAFD (hyperactive acronym formation disorder)".
 In the book, Mary Roach describes a session in which she and her husband Ed volunteer to have sex while being recorded by a groundbreaking 4D ultrasound in the interests of science.
 During the experiment, a doctor looks on, making suggestions, and finally telling Ed that he "may ejaculate now."
Mary Edna Tobias Marcy (May 8, 1877 – December 8, 1922) was an American socialist author, pamphleteer, poet, and magazine editor.
 She is best remembered for her muckraking series of magazine articles on the meat industry, "Letters of a Pork Packer's Stenographer," as author of a widely translated socialist propaganda pamphlet regarded as a classic of the genre, "Shop Talks on Economics," and as an assistant editor of the "International Socialist Review", one of the most influential American socialist magazines of the first two decades of the 20th Century.
Michael "Mike" Poole was a Canadian film maker and author.
 He began his career as a copy runner for the "Vancouver Sun" before becoming a reporter.
 He earned a journalism degree in Virginia, USA, started in the film business in the 1960s and went on to be a television producer for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation for ten years.
 He then worked as a freelance filmmaker, spending two decades producing documentaries with the well-known Canadian environmentalist, David Suzuki.
 His books are "Romancing Mary Jane: A Year in the Life of a Failed Marijuana Grower", "Ragged Islands: A Journey by Canoe Through the Inside Passage" and "Rain Before Morning", a novel about Canadian draft dodgers during World War I.
 In his retirement Poole lived full-time on the Sunshine Coast, British Columbia, Canada with his wife Carole and his two beloved Labradors.
 He won the Edna Staebler Award, a Canadian literary award for creative nonfiction, in 1999 for "Romancing Mary Jane: A Year in the Life of a Failed Marijuana Grower".
 He died of prostate cancer at the age of 74 in 2010.
The Golandsky Institute is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to the Taubman Approach to piano playing.
 Led by Edna Golandsky, Artistic Director, the Institute holds an annual symposium at Princeton University and hosts workshops and master classes worldwide.
 The Golandsky Institute was founded in 2003 by Edna Golandsky, John Bloomfield, Robert Durso, and Mary Moran.
 It now has a teaching roster of fifteen faculty and associate faculty members as well as thirteen certified teachers from around the globe.
Mary Edna González (born October 30, 1983) is an American politician who serves as State Representative of House District 75 in the Texas House of Representatives.
 She is a Democrat who was elected in November 2012 to represent an area that includes east El Paso County, parts of the city of El Paso and the towns of Socorro, Clint, Fabens, Horizon City, San Elizario and Tornillo.
 She is also the first openly pansexual elected official in the United States.
The Making of Maddalena is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and written by L.V. Jefferson based upon a play by Samuel Service and Mary Service.
 The film stars Edna Goodrich, Forrest Stanley, Howard Davies, John Burton, Mary Mersch, and Colin Chase.
 The film was released on June 8, 1916, by Paramount Pictures.
Edna Henry Lee Turpin (1867–1952) was an American author.
 She was born on July 26, 1867, at Echo Hill, Mecklenburg County, Virginia.
 She was the daughter of Edward Henry Turpin and Petronella Lee Turpin, but her father died of tuberculosis four months before she was born.
 Two siblings, Mary Wilson Turpin and Edward Henry Turpin both died in infancy before Edna was born.
 She spent her childhood on the family farm with her mother and her older brother, Henderson Lee Turpin (1861–1957).
 She began writing at an early age and, during her fifteenth year, her first short story was accepted for publication.
