Robert of Jumièges (died between 1052 and 1055) was the first Norman Archbishop of Canterbury.
 He had previously served as prior of the Abbey of St Ouen at Rouen in Normandy, before becoming abbot of Jumièges Abbey, near Rouen, in 1037.
 He was a good friend and adviser to the king of England, Edward the Confessor, who appointed him Bishop of London in 1044, and then archbishop in 1051.
 Robert's time as archbishop lasted only about eighteen months.
 He had already come into conflict with the powerful Godwin, Earl of Wessex, and while archbishop made attempts to recover lands lost to Godwin and his family.
 He also refused to consecrate Spearhafoc, Edward's choice to succeed Robert as Bishop of London.
 The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's deposition and exile in 1052.
Archibald John Norman (born 1 May 1954) is a British businessman and politician.
 He is, at present, the only person to have been a FTSE 100 chairman and a Member of the House of Commons (MP) at the same time.
 From January 2010 to January 2016, Norman was the chairman of ITV plc.
 He will succeed Robert Swannell as chairman of Marks & Spencer in September 2017.
David Slade is the Australian Director of British multinational retailer Topshop and co-owner of A-League club Western Sydney Wanderers.
Ann Summers is a British multinational retailer company specialising in sex toys and lingerie, with over 140 high street stores in the UK, Ireland, and the Channel Islands.
 In 2000, Ann Summers acquired the Knickerbox brand, a label with an emphasis on more comfortable and feminine underwear, while the Ann Summers-labelled products tend to be more erotic in style.
 The chain had an annual turnover of £117.3 million in 2007-2008.
Timpson is a British multinational retailer specialising in shoe repairs, key cutting and engraving, as well as dry cleaning & photo processing.
 The company also offers mobile phone repairs, jewellery and watch repair, custom-made house signs.
 It is based in Wythenshawe, Manchester, and currently has over 1325 outlets in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 In January 2014, Timpson purchased the photographic services franchise, Snappy Snaps, increasing its store count by 118.
Stuart Alan Ransom Rose, Baron Rose of Monewden (born 17 March 1949) is an English businessman and life peer, who was the executive chairman of the British retailer Marks & Spencer.
 Following the appointment of Marc Bolland in May 2010, Rose stepped down as executive chairman at the end of July 2010 and remained as chairman until early 2011 when he was replaced by Robert Swannell.
 He was knighted in 2008 for his services to the retail industry, and created a Conservative life peer on 17 September 2014, taking the title Baron Rose of Monewden, of Monewden in the County of Suffolk.
Carrefour S.A. (] ) is a French multinational retailer headquartered in Boulogne Billancourt, France, in the Hauts-de-Seine Department near Paris.
 It is one of the largest hypermarket chains in the world (with 1,462 hypermarkets at the end of 2016).
 Carrefour operates in more than 30 countries, in Europe, the Americas, Asia and Africa.
 Carrefour means "crossroads" and "public square" in French.
 The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
Debenhams plc is a British multinational retailer operating under a department store format in the United Kingdom and Ireland with franchise stores in other countries.
 The company was founded in the eighteenth century as a single store in London and has now grown to 178 locations across the UK, Ireland and Denmark.
 It sells a range of clothing, household items and furniture and has been known since 1993 for its 'Designers at Debenhams' brand range.
Marks and Spencer plc (also known as M&S) is a major British multinational retailer headquartered in the City of Westminster, London.
 It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
Next (), styled as next, is a British multinational clothing, footwear and home products retailer headquartered in Enderby, Leicestershire.
 It has around 700 stores, of which 500 are in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and around 200 are in continental Europe, Asia and the Middle East.
 Next is the largest clothing retailer by sales in the United Kingdom, having overtaken Marks & Spencer in early 2012 and 2014.
 It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
