John William Butler (September 14, 1918 – April 1963) was a professional football player in the National Football League drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1942.
 He would go on to play for both Steelers merged teams ("Steagles" in 1943; "Card-Pitt" in 1944).
 In 1943 Butler was drafted into the military due to World War II, however he was physically disqualified for duty.
 He then made his first start with the "Steagles" one day after being ruled 4-F by his draft board for poor eyesight and bad knees.
 During the 1944 season, Butler was charged, and fined $200, by co-coaches Walt Kiesling and Phil Handler for "indifferent play".
 He was then put on waivers and was soon claimed by the Brooklyn Tigers.
 In 1945, he played his final season with the Philadelphia Eagles.
The 2017–18 Chicago Bulls season will be the 52nd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 For the first time since 2011, All-Star Jimmy Butler will not be on the roster as he was traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves in the off-season.
The National School Scrabble Championship is a Scrabble tournament for 4th-8th graders held annually in North America since 2003.
 In 2012, 4th graders were allowed to compete for the first time ever.
 The School Scrabble Championship uses the SSWL dictionary which has offensive words such as "lez" or "jew" omitted.
 The competition is tournament Scrabble play, in which teams of two play for 25 minutes with digital timers similar to those used in the board game of chess.
 The time limit was originally 22 minutes for each side until 2012 when the switch was made to coincide with the traditional times of the Adult Nationals.
 The team with the most wins is determined the winner.
 If there are multiple teams with the same number of wins, spread is used to break the tie.
 Matthew Silver of Connecticut became the first competitor to win two consecutive National School Scrabble Championship titles in 2007 and 2008.
 He accumulated a 14-0 record in those two years.
 In 2009, for the first time ever, the event was won by a team of 5th graders, Andy Hoang & Erik Salgado of Salem Elementary in North Carolina.
 They were the last team to finish the tournament with an undefeated record (7-0).
 Since then, the champion has finished either 6-1 (2010) or 7-1 (2011, 2012, 2013).
 The winners have often been invited to be on Good Morning America and Jimmy Kimmel Live!
.
 The event has also received recognition from president Barack Obama and NBA superstar Shaquille O'Neal, who are advocates for the game themselves.
 In 2012, Andy Hoang & Erik Salgado of North Carolina became the first team to win two NSSC titles, their first as 5th graders in 2009, and their second as 8th graders in 2012.
 The 2013 NSSC was held in Washington D.C. 2013 marked the first time since 2009 that a previous champion will not be competing.
 In 2010, 2011, and 2012, Andy Hoang, Erik Salgado, Bradley Robbins, and Evan McCarthy were champions that returned.
 Only Andy Hoang and Erik Salgado were the only ones to repeat during the streak.
 With Kevin Bowerman and Raymond Gao's win in 2013, North Carolina became the first state to hold 3 National titles (Winning 3 of the last 5 tournaments: 2009, 2012, & 2013), the most of all the states or districts in North America.
Jimmy Butler (February 20, 1921 in Akron, Ohio – February 18, 1945 in France) was an American, juvenile, motion-pictures actor, active in the 1930s and early 1940s.
When a Man's a Man is a 1935 American Western film directed by Edward F. Cline and written by Frank Mitchell Dazey and Agnes Christine Johnston.
 The film stars George O'Brien, Dorothy Wilson, Paul Kelly, Harry Woods, Jimmy Butler and Richard Carlyle.
 The film was released on February 15, 1935, by Fox Film Corporation.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has been home to many teams and events in professional, semi-professional, amateur, college, and high-school sports.
 Philadelphia is one of twelve cities that hosts teams in all four major sports leagues in North America, and Philadelphia is one of just three cities in which one team from every league plays within city limits.
 These major sports teams are the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball, the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League, the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association and the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League.
 Each team has played in Philadelphia since at least the 1960s, and each team has won at least one championship.
 Since 2010, Philadelphia has been the home of the Philadelphia Union of Major League Soccer which plays in suburban Chester, Pennsylvania, making the Philadelphia market one of nine cities that hosts a team in the four major sports leagues and the MLS.
 Philadelphia hosts several college sports teams, including the Philadelphia Big 5 schools and Temple's Division I FBS football team.
 Many of these teams have fan bases in both Philadelphia and the surrounding Delaware Valley.
 In addition to the major professional and college sports, numerous semi-pro, amateur, community, and high school teams play in Philadelphia.
 The city hosts numerous sporting events, such as the Penn Relays and the Collegiate Rugby Championship, and Philadelphia has been the most frequent host of the annual Army-Navy football game.
 Philadelphia has also been the home of several renowned athletes and sports figures.
 Philly furthermore has played a historically significant role in the development of cricket and extreme wrestling in the United States.
The shooting guard (SG), also known as the two or off guard, is one of the five positions in a regulation basketball game.
 A shooting guard's main objective is to score points for his team.
 Some teams ask their shooting guards to bring up the ball as well; these players are known colloquially as combo guards.
 Kobe Bryant, for example, as a shooting guard was as good a playmaker as he was a scorer; other examples of combo guards are Dwyane Wade, Allen Iverson, James Harden, Manu Ginóbili, Jamal Crawford, Randy Foye and Jason Terry.
 A player who can switch between playing shooting guard and small forward is known as a swingman.
 Notable swing men (also known as wing players) include Jimmy Butler, Tracy McGrady, Vince Carter, Joe Johnson, Andre Iguodala, Andrew Wiggins, Evan Turner and Tyreke Evans.
 In the NBA, shooting guards usually range from 6' 4" (1.93 m) to 6' 7" (2.01 m) and 5' 9" (1.75 m) to 6' 0" (1.83 m) in the WNBA.
Lauri Markkanen (born May 22, 1997) is a Finnish basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 In the 2017 NBA draft, he was taken by the Minnesota Timberwolves with the 7th overall pick before being included in a trade to the Chicago Bulls for Jimmy Butler.
 He is the son of Finnish basketball players Pekka and Riikka Markkanen and brothers with the football player Eero Markkanen who plays in the German second-tier side Dynamo Dresden.
In American football, each team has 11 players on the field at one time.
 The specific role that a player takes on the field is called his position.
 Under the modern rules of American football, teams are allowed unlimited substitutions; that is, teams may change any number of players after any play.
 This has resulted in the development of three "platoons" of players: the offense (the team with the ball, which is trying to score), the defense (the team trying to prevent the other team from scoring, and to take the ball from them), and the special teams (who play in kicking situations).
 Within those platoons, various specific positions exist depending on what each player's main job is.
Jimmy Butler III (born September 14, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Born in Houston, Butler grew up in Tomball, Texas, and played college basketball for Tyler Junior College and Marquette University.
 He was drafted with the 30th overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft by the Chicago Bulls.
 He is a three-time NBA All-Star and a three-time NBA All-Defensive Team honoree, and was named to his first All-NBA Team in 2017.
 In 2015, he was named the NBA Most Improved Player.
