In 1969, Hillary Rodham wrote a 92-page senior thesis for Wellesley College about community organizer Saul Alinsky entitled "There Is Only the Fight . . . : An Analysis of the Alinsky Model."
 The thesis is now available.
Karl Adolph Hansen (1851 in Hamburg – 1920 in Giessen) was a German botanist.
 He graduated in 1887 at the University of Würzburg on a thesis entitled "Geschichte der Assimilation und Chlorophyllfunktion" (supervised by Julius Sachs).
 He was professor of botany at the Justus Liebig-Universität Gießen 1891-1920.
 He had very broad academic interests, including history and archaeology.
 However, he always worked alone, supervised very few doctoral students (4 in 39 years), and stood outside the development of experimental physiological botany among his contemporaries.
Joan Lee (1981) is a Canadian linguist and data scientist.
 Her Master of Arts thesis entitled "What does txting do 2 language: The influences of exposure to messaging and print media on acceptability constraints" (2011) made a notable contribution to the academic literature on text messaging.
 The thesis used acceptability judgment tasks to test a relationship between exposure to text messaging and word acceptance.
 It received international media attention.
Daria Nina Love (née Hair, 4 September 1946 – 9 June 2001) was an Australian veterinary microbiologist and educator.
 She was the first woman to be awarded the University of Sydney Medal for Veterinary Science (January 1969) and the first woman in the Faculty of Veterinary Science to be awarded a PhD (1973), for her thesis entitled ‘Studies on virus host-cell relationships of a feline calicivirus’.
 She was also the first woman to become an associate professor in the Faculty of Veterinary Science, although her bids to become a full professor were unsuccessful.
 In 1988, she became the first woman in Australia to be awarded a Doctor of Veterinary Science on the basis of her work on the “Biological Properties of some Microorganisms of Veterinary Importance”.
 Love was renowned for the advances made through her research in the areas of soft tissue infections, oral cavity disease and feline and equine respiratory infections.
 She received a Rural Industries Research and Development Corporation (RIRDC) award for her outstanding contributions to equine research and the Australian Horse Industry in 2001.
Beddington was born on 23 March 1956, the second daughter of Roy and Anna Beddington ("née" Griffith).
 She attended Sherborne School for Girls and then attended Brasenose College, Oxford; from 1974, obtaining a First in Physiological Sciences in 1977.
 Beddington embarked on the study of anterior-posterior axial patterning in mammalian embryos, beginning with her doctoral thesis entitled, "Studies on cell fate and cell potency in the postimplantation mammalian embryo" supervised by Richard Gardner and Virginia Papaioannou, and was awarded a DPhil in 1981.
Whittenburg was born in 1946 to Mr. and Mrs. James Edgar Whittenburg, Jr. in Rome, Georgia.
 He received his B.A. from the University of Tennessee, his M.A. (1971) in history from Wake Forest University (with a thesis entitled "The Black and White of Reconstruction in East Tennessee"), and his Ph.D. (1974) in history from the University of Georgia, where he wrote his thesis on the War of the Regulation.
 He taught at the University of Missouri before moving to the William & Mary in 1977.
 He served one term (2005–2008) as the chairman of the Lyon G. Tyler Department of History, following Dr. James McCord and succeeded by Dr. Philip Daileader.
Alan Schechter (born 1936) is a Professor Emeritus of Political Science at Wellesley College in Massachusetts.
 He was educated at Amherst College, where he received his AB, and at Columbia University, where he earned his PhD.
 He is a distinguished and award-winning political scientist.
 He was also Hillary Rodham's advisor during her years at Wellesley College and supervised her senior thesis; Susan Estrich's book "The Case for Hillary Clinton" mentions her experience also writing an honors thesis for Professor Schechter (at a different time).
 He remains involved with the college, running the Wellesley in Washington internship program, in which Rodham participated as a student and which continues to send approximately twenty women to Washington for internships each summer.
 Professor Schechter is the former Chairman, Vice-Chairman, and member of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board (Fulbright Program), a Presidential appointment.
Almeida–Pineda recurrent backpropagation is an extension to the backpropagation algorithm that is applicable to recurrent neural networks.
 It is a type of supervised learning.
 It was described somewhat cryptically in Richard Feynman's senior thesis, and rediscovered independently in the context of artificial neural networks by both Fernando Pineda and Luis B. Almeida.
Jeffrey Alan Schechter (usually credited as Jeff Schechter) is a screenwriter whose work has been nominated for two Emmy awards, a Writers Guild of America award, and a Writers Guild of Canada award.
 His writing credits include "Strange Days at Blake Holsey High", "Overruled!
", the Disney Channel original film "Brink!
", "" and "Dennis the Menace Strikes Again".
 In 2015, he created the ABC Family science fiction crime drama "Stitchers".
Mehmet Varol was born in Ankara, Turkey, on June 6, 1986.
 He is a Turkish molecular biologist.
 He received his bachelor degree in 2010 from Department of Biology in Anadolu University, Turkey.
 He also received a second bachelor degree from Department of Business Administration in Anadolu University, Turkey.
 Between 2008-2009, he joined Socrates/Erasmus Exchange Program to go to Facoltá di Sc.
 MM.FF.NN.
 in Universitá Degli Studi Di Palermo, Italy, and he participated in Professor Maurizio Bruno's group to study about natural product isolation from plant materials.
 After graduating from Anadolu University, his career was continued by completing his master of science thesis entitled “Investigation of protective effect of lichen acids against ultraviolet rays”.
 He holds a PhD degree from Anadolu University, Turkey by the thesis entitled “Investigation of the angiogenesis-targeted treatment potentials of the small molecule structured natural compounds by epigenetic approach and molecular mechanisms on tumor development and invasion”.
 On the other hand, he studies to attain a second PhD from Department of Polymer Science and Technology, Faculty of Science, Eskisehir Osmangazi University, Turkey.
 His research interests include but not limited to controlled drug delivery systems, drug design and discovery, natural drug sources, photodynamic therapy and "in vitro" photo-biological experiments, conductive polymers and medical applications, reactive oxygen species and related cellular mechanisms.
 His current projects have been focused on metallophtalocyanines-mediated photodynamic therapy and related intracellular mechanisms of their action on adenocarcinoma and keratinocyte cell lines to detect their possible utilization on cancer and hypertrophic scarring diseases, and natural compounds to discover and develop their potentials as anti-angiogenic, anti-cancer, anti-oxidative drug ingredients.
 He currently works at the Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics, Faculty of Science, Mugla Sitki Kocman University, Turkey.
 He also contributes some academic journals as an editorial board member such as Biomedical Research, Journal of Applied Pharmacy etc.
