David R. Stopher Gymnasium or Stopher Gym is a 3,800-seat multi-purpose arena in Thibodaux, Louisiana, United States, on the campus Nicholls State University.
 It is named for David R. Stopher.
Jesse Hall is the main administration building for the University of Missouri.
 It's dome has towered 180 feet above the south end of David R. Francis Quadrangle since it's completion in 1895.
 In the lawn in front of Jesse Hall are The Columns, all that remains of it's predecessor Academic Hall, which burned in 1892.
 The building contains the office of the chancellor, university registrar, graduate school, admissions, and financial aid.
 One of the most photographic landmarks in Missouri, the building was designed by Missouri architect Morris Frederick Bell, and is his largest surviving work.
 Jesse Auditorium had hosted graduations and countless university functions over the years.
 The University Concert Series presents national and international concerts, Broadway shows, performers, bands, speakers, and theater to the largest auditorium in Columbia.
 As the former home of the School of Music, student performances occasionally happen.
 The building is the most prominent contributing structure to the David R. Francis Quadrangle National Register of Historic Places District.
 In 1922 "New Academic Hall" became "Jesse Hall" in honor of retiring University President Richard Henry Jesse.
Richard Henry Jesse (May 1, 1853 – January 21, 1921) was an American educator and the eighth president of the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri.
 He was born in Lancaster County, Virginia 1853 and attended the University of Virginia.
 He went on to teach at the University of Louisiana and Tulane University before assuming the presidency 1891.
 He retired in 1908.
 Jesse Hall on the David R. Francis Quadrangle is named in honor of him and was initiated as an Honorary member of the Acacia Fraternity.
 He is buried in Columbia at the Columbia Cemetery.
John Harrison Watrous is a professor of computer science at the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science at the University of Waterloo, a member of the Institute for Quantum Computing, an affiliate member of the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics and a Fellow of the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research.
 He was a faculty member in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Calgary from 2002 to 2006 where he held a Canada Research Chair in quantum computing.
Kymeta Corporation is an Intellectual Ventures spin-off company which received funding to develop and commercialize the metamaterials surface antenna technology (M-SAT).
 Located in Redmond, Washington, "Kymeta" received a funding from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates; a global cable company Liberty Global; and the investment firm Lux Capital in its first round, and $62 million in a Series D funding round from existing investors which included Kresge Foundation and Osage University Partners.
 Kymeta's applied science is derived from the collaborative efforts of its CEO, Dr. Nathan Kundtz, and David R. Smith, at Duke University.
 Metamaterials surface antenna technology is a new invention that is intended to be more efficient and compact than conventional satellite antennas.
David R. Mayhew (born May 18, 1937) is a political scientist and Sterling Professor in the Political Science Department at Yale University.
 He is the author of eight influential books on American politics, and is widely considered one of the leading scholars on the American Congress.
 Mayhew has been a member of the Yale faculty since 1968.
 He has also taught at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst College, Oxford University, and Harvard University.
The David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science is one of the units in the Faculty of Mathematics at the University of Waterloo.
 The school comprises 80 faculty members, over 300 graduate students, approximately 2900 undergraduates, and 46 staff members.
 It has been consistently ranked among the top computer science programs worldwide.
 In 2014 QS World University Rankings ranked the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science 24th in the world, 10th in North America and 2nd in Canada in Computer Science in 2014.
 U.S. News & World Report ranked the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science 18th in world, 10th in North America and first in Canada.
 Business Insider magazine ranked the School #4 in the world for the "Most Grads at Facebook".
Marchant Glacier ( ) is a glacier, about 7 nmi long, which drains the slopes of Rampart Ridge between Mount Bishop and Mount Potter and flows northwest to the vicinity of Mount Bockheim, in the Royal Society Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
 It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 after David R. Marchant, a glacial geologist at the University of Maine (and from 1995 at Boston University).
 In connection with Antarctic field work since 1985, Marchant discovered and used volcanic ashes to infer paleoclimate change and geologic stability in the McMurdo Dry Valleys and map the glacial history of the East Antarctic Ice Sheet.
David R. Francis Quadrangle is the historical center of the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri.
 Known as The Quad it is the oldest part of Red Campus and adjacent to Downtown Columbia at the south end of the Avenue of the Columns.
 At its center are six Ionic columns, all that remains of the original university building Academic Hall.
 Twelve buildings front the modern quadrangle including the domed main administration building Jesse Hall, the tallest building in Columbia.
 The Quad was designed and constructed by architect Morris Frederick Bell and his assistant William Lincoln Garver.
 It is named after Missouri governor David R. Francis.
 Eighteen structures, including the entire quad and most of Red Campus are listed as the Francis Quadrangle National Historic District.
 An obelisk, the original tombstone of Thomas Jefferson stands in front of the Chancellor's Residence.
 It was gifted to the University by Jefferson's decedents in recognition of Missouri's ties to Virginia.
 In front of Jesse Hall stand markers honoring university president Richard Henry Jesse and Missouri governor David R. Francis.
 Nearby is another obelisk in memory of Missouri's first U.S. senator David Barton, The Missouri School of Journalism is located at the northeast corner of The Quad, comprising Walter Williams Hall, Neff Hall, Gannet Hall, along with the Reynolds Journalism Institute.
 To the west, Switzler Hall is the oldest academic building on campus, though the Residence on the Quad, home of the chancellor, is the oldest building overall.
 The University of Missouri College of Engineering completes the west side.
 Pickard Hall is currently closed due to radiation contamination from turn of the century experiments.
 Swallow Hall was recently renovated and houses the Departments of Anthropology and Art History and Archaeology.
Rob Koll is the David R. Dunlop ’59 Head Coach of Wrestling at Cornell University.
 Koll has led his team to six top-five finishes in the NCAA Division I wrestling tournament, including second-place finishes in 2010 and 2011.
 The 2010 and 2011 finishes were the best ever for an Ivy League team.
 The 2011 team was ranked first for much of the season, but lost in the NCAA tournament to Penn State, which surged under its coach Cael Sanderson, who was in his second year at Penn State.
 Koll has coached NCAA champions Gabe Dean (2015 (184) & 2016 (184)), Nahshon Garrett (2016 (133)), Kyle Dake (2010 (141), 2011 (149), 2012 (157) & 2013 (165)), Steve Bosak (2012 (184)), Cam Simaz (2012 (197)), Troy Nickerson (2009 (125)), Jordan Leen (2008 (157)), Travis Lee (2003 (125) & 2005 (133)), and David Hirsch (1994 (126)).
