Walking Off the Buzz is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls, released on April 27, 1999 (see 1999 in music) on V2 Records.
 It spawned the hit single "Hey Leonardo (She Likes Me for Me)".
Blessid Union of Souls: The Singles is Blessid Union of Souls' greatest hits album.
 It was released in 2001.
Blessid Union of Souls (sometimes abbreviated to Blessid Union or BUOS) is an American alternative rock band from Cincinnati, Ohio that was formed in 1990 by friends Jeff Pence and Eliot Sloan.
Perception is the fourth studio album by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls, released in 2005 on Ultrax Records.
Blue Peter is a Canadian new wave synthpop band founded in 1978 in Markham, Ontario by Chris Wardman and Paul Humphrey.
 In their heyday, Blue Peter opened for major international acts such as the Police and Simple Minds.
 The video for "Don't Walk Past", directed by Rob Quartly, was No. 85 on MuchMusic's top videos of the century list, and was played on MTV in the United States, in spite of the lack of American record distribution for the band.
 The band continues to perform, on occasion.
Home is the debut album by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls.
 It was released on March 21, 1995 on the EMI label.
 The album contains their biggest hit single, "I Believe", which reached #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Almost Acoustic (Volume 1) is an iTunes-only album by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls, released on October 30, 2007.
 The album features acoustic versions of some of the band's biggest hits, and also short descriptions by vocalist Eliot Sloan of how the songs came to be.
Blessid Union of Souls is the second studio album by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls, released on May 20, 1997 (see 1997 in music) on Capitol Records.
 Two singles were released from the album—"I Wanna Be There" and "Light in Your Eyes".
"Light in Your Eyes" is a song by the American rock band, Blessid Union of Souls.
 It was the third track on, and the second single from, their second studio album, "Blessid Union of Souls".
"I Believe" is a single by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls from their 1995 debut album "Home".
 It is one of their most popular songs, and their highest-charting in the United States, reaching number 8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
