Blue on Blue is Bobby Vinton's sixth studio album, released in 1963.
 Cover versions include the jazz songs "St. Louis Blues" and "Blueberry Hill", "Am I Blue", "Blue, Blue Day", the Fleetwoods' hit "Mr. Blue", "My Blue Heaven", three show tunes ("Blue Skies", "Blue Hawaii" and "Blue Moon"), and The Clovers Rhythm and blues hit, "Blue Velvet".
Sanantha (சனந்தா in Tamil) is a female historical name in the ancient Tamil language.
 This name describes a cheerful and active nature.
 It was assumed that the name was closely associated with the goddess Lakshmi, who brings prosperity to life.
Saliou is an African name, originating from the Fulani tribe.
 Saliou doesn't really have a true meaning in western languages.
 The name describes a moment of the day, like mid-day or start of the afternoon, a perfect temperature, not too hot nor too cold a moment of peace.
 the bearer of such name is often lookup up to as noble, a source of luck, bearer of a good news.
The Blue Hawaii is a tropical cocktail made of rum, pineapple juice, Curaçao, sweet and sour mix, and sometimes vodka as well.
 It should not be confused with the similarly named Blue Hawaiian cocktail (also known as the Swimming Pool cocktail) that contains creme of coconut instead of sweet and sour mix.
Labyrinthodontia (Greek, "maze-toothed") is an extinct amphibian subclass, which constituted some of the dominant animals of late Paleozoic and early Mesozoic eras (about 390 to 150 million years ago).
 The group evolved from lobe-finned fishes in the Devonian and is ancestral to all extant landliving vertebrates.
 As such it constitutes an evolutionary grade (a paraphyletic group) rather than a natural group (clade).
 The name describes the pattern of infolding of the dentin and enamel of the teeth, which are often the only part of the creatures that fossilize.
 They are also distinguished by a heavily armoured skull roof (hence the older name "Stegocephalia"), and complex vertebrae, the structure of which is useful in older classifications of the group.
A Baby Guinness is a shooter, a style of cocktail, or mixed alcoholic beverage, intended to be consumed in one shot.
 A Baby Guinness contains no Guinness beer.
 Its name is derived from the fact that it is made in such a way as to look like a tiny glass of stout.
Perger is a surname, which is an older version of "Berger".
 The first letter did not change from "P" to "B", which was common in the late Middle Ages.
 The word "Perg" or later "Berg" means mountain, so the name describes someone, who lived on a mountain.
 Mostly that persons were related to the government, or they were the governor of their region one millennium ago.
 Someone in this position was the lord of the mountain.
 In old German language that would be the "Herr vom Perg" or the "Pergherr", which is the origin of "Perger".
 The name comes quite likely from the German-speaking part of the Alps, which is Austria (with its languages Burgenland Croatian, Slovene, Hungarian, Czech, Slovak, and Romani), Germany (Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg), South Tyrol in Italy (with its languages German, Italian, and Ladin), and Switzerland (with its languages German, French, Italian, and Romansh), but it could be originated everywhere in the German language area, where a hill or a mountain was populated.
 In comparison to the name "Berger" it is rather rare.
 A similar even rarer name with the same meaning is "Pergher" or "Bergher", still displaying the "h".
 The reason for the varying spellings is the development of the German language in different regions of the German language area and its regions of language transitions in the last thousand years.
"Rock-A-Hula Baby " is a song performed by Elvis Presley for the 1961 movie "Blue Hawaii".
 Written by Ben Weisman, Fred Wise, and Dolores Fuller, it is a genre mix of Hawaiian folk and rock and roll.
 It was the first song published by Fuller, who would eventually co-write a dozen songs for Presley.
Blue Hawaii is the fourteenth album by American singer and musician Elvis Presley, released on RCA Victor Records in mono and stereo, LPM/LSP 2426, on October 20, 1961.
 It is the soundtrack to the 1961 film of the same name starring Presley.
 Recording sessions took place at Radio Recorders in Hollywood on March 21, 22, and 23, 1961.
 In the United States, the album spent 20 weeks at the number one slot and 39 weeks in the Top 10 on "Billboard"' s Top Pop LPs chart.
 It was certified Gold on December 21, 1961, Platinum and 2x Platinum on March 27, 1992 and 3x Platinum on July 30, 2002 by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 On the US Top Pop Albums chart "Blue Hawaii" is second only to the soundtrack of "West Side Story" as the most successful album of the 1960s.
Fort Fizzle was a temporary military barricade erected in July 1877 to intercept the Nez Perce Indians in their flight from Idaho across the Lolo Pass into the Bitterroot Valley of Montana.
 The name describes the effectiveness of the fort.
