Ernst Abbe Sportfield is a sports facility in Jena, Germany.
 It was dedicated on August 24, 1924 and was named after entrepreneur Ernst Abbe 15 years later.
 The facility is in southern Jena, directly on the Saale River.
 The City of Jena purchased the stadium from the Ernst-Abbe-Stiftung (The Ernst Abbe Foundation) in 1991.
In the trading card collecting hobby, an error card is a card that shows incorrect information or some other unintended flaw.
 It can contain a mistake, such as a misspelling or a photo of someone other than the athlete named on the card.
 Depending on whether the manufacturer noticed the problem while the cards were still being produced, a card may exist in both correct and incorrect versions.
 If the correction is made sufficiently early in the print run, the error card may be significantly rarer and more valuable than the corrected version.
 However, the opposite may be true if the error is corrected late in the printing cycle, resulting in a smaller population of the corrected version of the card compared to the error version.
Errors of impunity is a term used in Brian Forst's book "Errors of Justice" and in Robert Bohm's introduction to a special edition of "The Journal of Criminal Justice" on miscarriages of justice.
 They are defined as lapses that result in criminals either remaining at large or receiving sanctions that are below a socially optimal level.
 If convicting an innocent person, called a miscarriage of justice, is a Type I error for falsely identifying culpability (a "false positive"), then an error of impunity would be a Type II error of failing to find a culpable person guilty (a "false negative").
In mathematics, particularly numerical analysis, the Bramble–Hilbert lemma, named after James H. Bramble and Stephen Hilbert, bounds the error of an approximation of a function formula_1 by a polynomial of order at most formula_2 in terms of derivatives of formula_1 of order formula_4.
 Both the error of the approximation and the derivatives of formula_1 are measured by formula_6 norms on a bounded domain in formula_7.
 This is similar to classical numerical analysis, where, for example, the error of linear interpolation formula_1 can be bounded using the second derivative of formula_1.
 However, the Bramble–Hilbert lemma applies in any number of dimensions, not just one dimension, and the approximation error and the derivatives of formula_1 are measured by more general norms involving averages, not just the maximum norm.
A Porro–Abbe prism (sometimes called a Abbe–Porro prism), named for Ignazio Porro and Ernst Abbe, is a type of reflection prism used in some optical instruments to alter the orientation of an image.
 It is a variant of the more common double Porro prism configuration.
Van Abbemuseum (] ) is a museum of modern and contemporary art located in central Eindhoven, Netherlands, on the east bank of the Dommel river.
 Established in 1936, the Abbe Museum is named after its founder, Henri van Abbe.
 Van Abbe was a lover of modern art and wanted to enjoy it there from Eindhoven.
 As of 2010, the collection of the museum houses more than 2700 works of art, of which about 1000 are on paper, are 700 paintings, and 1000 are sculptures, installations and video work.
A description error or selection error is an error, or more specifically a human error, that occurs when a person performs the correct action on the wrong object due to insufficient specification of an action which would have led to a desired result.
 This commonly happens when similar actions lead to different results.
 A typical example is a panel with rows of identical switches, where it is easy to carry out a correct action (flip a switch) on a wrong switch due to their insufficient differentiation.
Abbe is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon.
 It is located just to the south of the crater Hess, and lies to the east of the large walled basin Poincaré.
 It is named after the German physicist Ernst Abbe.
Abbe error, named after Ernst Abbe, also called sine error, describes the magnification of angular error over distance.
 For example, when one measures a point that is 1 meter away at 45 degrees, an angular error of 1 degree corresponds to a positional error of over 1.745 cm, equivalent to a distance-measurement error of 1.745%.
Othello error occurs when a suspicious observer discounts cues of truthfulness.
 Essentially the Othello error occurs, Paul Ekman states, "when the lie catcher fails to consider that a truthful person who is under stress may appear to be lying" their non-verbal signals expressing their worry at the possibility of being disbelieved.
 A lie-detector or polygraph may be deceived in the same way, by misinterpreting nervous signals from a truthful person.
 The error is named after William Shakespeare's tragic play "Othello"; the dynamics between the two main characters, Othello and Desdemona are a particularly notable example of the error in practice.
