Bantu Stephen Biko (18 December 1946 – 12 September 1977) was a South African anti-apartheid activist.
 Ideologically an African nationalist and African socialist, he was at the forefront of a grassroots anti-apartheid campaign known as the Black Consciousness Movement during the late 1960s and 1970s.
 His ideas were articulated in a series of articles published under the pseudonym Frank Talk.
The Roman emperor was the ruler of the Roman Empire during the imperial period (starting in 27 BC).
 The emperors used a variety of different titles throughout history.
 Often when a given Roman is described as becoming "emperor" in English, it reflects his taking of the title "Augustus" or "Caesar".
 Another title often used was "imperator", originally a military honorific.
 Early Emperors also used the title "princeps" (first citizen).
 Emperors frequently amassed republican titles, notably "Princeps senatus", "Consul" and "Pontifex Maximus".
Daniel Ford (born England 1967) is a British/South African writer, editor and publisher.
 After emigrating to South Africa in 1994, he joined Independent Newspapers, working on the Weekend Argus and forming part of the launch team for Sunday Life magazine.
 He was subsequently appointed editor of that title before being recruited by Condé Nast to launch the men’s title GQ, again as editor.
 He later teamed up with the South African Broadcasting Corporation to launch another title, this time translating the weekly Top Billing TV programme into a print magazine.
The Titular Patriarch of the East Indies (Latin: "Patriarcha Indiarum Orientalium" ; "Patriarchatus Indiarum Orientalium" for Titular Patriarchate of the East Indies) in the Catholic hierarchy is the title of the Archbishop of Goa and Daman in India; another title of his is that of the Primate of the East.
 Unlike the patriarchs and the major archbishops of the Eastern Catholic Churches "sui juris", the Patriarch of the East Indies only enjoys honorary title and is fully subject to the pope.
 He has a place within the Latin Church similar to the Patriarchs of Venice and Lisbon.
 The Patriarch of the East Indies is the diocesan ordinary of the Archdiocese of Goa and Daman and the metropolitan archbishop of the Province of Goa and Daman
Scorpion is a platform/shoot 'em up video game developed and published by Digital Magic Software for the Amiga, Atari ST and MS-DOS in 1989.
 The game was also re-released as Fly Fighter, with another title screen and another order of levels.
Archie Giant Series was a comic book title published by Archie Comics from 1954 to 1992.
 The book featured an ever revolving subtitle.
 It began in 1954 as "Archie's Christmas Stocking", and continued with this title for six issues.
 Although the "Christmas Stocking" title appeared again in later issues, the book began to feature a number of different titles, each with the cover heading "Archie Giant Series".
 Titles included "World of Archie", "World of Jughead", "Katy Keene", "Betty and Veronica Summer Spectacular", "Sabrina's Christmas Magic" and many others.
 One additional interesting item about this title is that it twice skipped in its numbering.
 Numbering continued up to #35, then skipped to #136.
 Again after reaching #251, the title skipped to #452.
 It became a regular 32-page book in the mid-1970s while still keeping "Giant" in the title.
 Finally the title ended in 1992 with #632 and was replaced with quarterly books "Archie and Friends", "Betty and Veronica Spectacular", and "World of Archie".
Dalem was a title for the kings of Bali who resided in Samprangan and Gelgel and were descended from the founder-raja Sri Aji Kresna Kepakisan (mid-14th century?)
.
 These kings ruled the island, or at least substantial parts thereof, from maybe the 14th century to the second half of the 17th century.
 The title literally means "inside" (the Indonesian word "dalam" has the same meaning), and alludes to his ritual-symbolic role inside the palace (puri).
 The title is first found in a Dutch report from 1619, which says that the Radia Dalam (Raja Dalem) was the paramount ruler of 33 lesser Balinese lords.
 The title is used in the chronicle Babad Dalem from the 18th century, which recounts the history of the kings of Bali up the end of the 17th century.
 After the fall of the Gelgel kingdom in 1686, a daughter kingdom was established in nearby Klungkung.
 However, the rulers of the Klungkung Palace were usually known by another title, Dewa Agung.
 In the literature, Dewa Agung is sometimes, although anachronistically, used also for the pre-1686 kings of Bali.
A. Merritt's Fantasy Magazine was an American pulp magazine which published five issues from December 1949 to October 1950.
 It took its name from fantasy writer A. Merritt, who had died in 1943, and it aimed to capitalize on Merritt's popularity.
 It was published by Popular Publications, alternating months with "Fantastic Novels", another title of theirs.
 It may have been edited by Mary Gnaedinger, who also edited "Fantastic Novels" and "Famous Fantastic Mysteries".
 It was a companion to "Famous Fantastic Mysteries", and like that magazine mostly reprinted science-fiction and fantasy classics from earlier decades.
Francis Lillie Pollock (February 4, 1876 – 1957) was an early twentieth-century Canadian science fiction writer.
 He was born in Huron County, Ontario, Canada in 1876.
 He wrote 'commercial fiction' under the pseudonym Frank L Pollock and literary fiction under his own name.
 Some of Pollock's early commercial fiction can be found in "The Youth's Companion".
 He also regularly published short stories and poetry in "Munsey's Magazine", "The Smart Set", "The Atlantic", "The Bookman (New York)" and "The Blue Jay" (renamed in 1905 as "Canadian Woman" Magazine).
Alfred McLelland Burrage (1889–1956) was a British writer.
 He was noted in his time as an author of fiction for boys which he published under the pseudonym Frank Lelland, including a popular series called "Tufty".
 After
