Helix 69 is a hairpin RNA structure containing 19 nucleotides in large subunit of the ribosome.
 Ribosome consists of large and small subunits joined together with inter subunit bridges.
 Helix 69 interacts with the helix 44 (h44) of the small subunit to form the largest interface of two subunits called inter-subunit bridge B2a.
 Helix 69 is proposed to be a good drug target for antibacterial drugs.
 Many of the recent crystal structures have shown the involvement of this hairpin in different stages of the protein translation process.
 By targeting bacterial helix 69 specifically, protein synthesis in bacteria could be halted thus killing the bacteria.
Ribosomal ribonucleic acid (rRNA) is the RNA component of the ribosome, and is essential for protein synthesis in all living organisms.
 It constitutes the predominant material within the ribosome, which is approximately 60% rRNA and 40% protein by weight, or 3/5 of ribosome mass.
 Ribosomes contain two major rRNAs and 50 or more proteins.
 The ribosomal RNAs form two subunits, the large subunit (LSU) and small subunit (SSU).
 The LSU rRNA acts as a ribozyme, catalyzing peptide bond formation.
 rRNA sequences are widely used for working out evolutionary relationships among organisms, since they are of ancient origin and are found in all known forms of life.
DNA damage-binding protein or UV-DDB is a protein complex that is responsible for repair of UV-damaged DNA.
 This complex is composed of two protein subunits, a large subunit DDB1 (p127) and a small subunit DDB2 (p48).
 When cells are exposed to UV radiation, DDB1 moves from the cytosol to the nucleus and binds to DDB2, thus forming the UV-DDB complex.
 This complex functions in nucleotide excision repair, recognising UV-induced (6-4) pyrimidine-pyrimidone photoproducts and cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers.
Ribozymes (ribonucleic acid enzymes) are RNA molecules that are capable of catalyzing specific biochemical reactions, similar to the action of protein enzymes.
 The 1982 discovery of ribozymes demonstrated that RNA can be both genetic material (like DNA) and a biological catalyst (like protein enzymes), and contributed to the RNA world hypothesis, which suggests that RNA may have been important in the evolution of prebiotic self-replicating systems.
 The most common activities of natural or in vitro-evolved ribozymes are the cleavage or ligation of RNA and DNA and peptide bond formation.
 Within the ribosome, ribozymes function as part of the large subunit ribosomal RNA to link amino acids during protein synthesis.
 They also participate in a variety of RNA processing reactions, including RNA splicing, viral replication, and transfer RNA biosynthesis.
 Examples of ribozymes include the hammerhead ribozyme, the VS ribozyme, Leadzyme and the hairpin ribozyme.
Nuclear cap-binding protein complex is a RNA-binding protein which binds to the 5' cap of pre-mRNA.
 The cap and nuclear cap-binding protein have many function in mRNA biogenesis including splicing, 3'-end formation by stabilizing the interaction of the 3'-end processing machinery, nuclear export and protection of the transcripts from nuclease degradation.
 When RNA is exported to the cytoplasm the nuclear cap-binding protein complex is replaced by cytoplasmic cap binding complex.
 The nuclear cap-binding complex is a functional heterodimer and composed of Cbc1/Cbc2 in yeast and CBC20/CBC80 in multicellular eukaryotes.
 Human nuclear cap-binding protein complex shows the large subunit, CBC80 consists of 757 amino acid residues.
 Its secondary structure contains approximately sixty percent of helical and one percent of beta sheet in the strand.
 The small subunit, CBC20 has 98 amino acid residues. Its secondary structure contains approximately twenty percent of helical and twenty-four percent of beta sheet in the strand.
 Human nuclear cap-binding protein complex plays important role in the maturation of pre-mRNA and uracil-rich small nuclear RNA.
Ribosomal particles are denoted according to their sedimentation coefficients in Svedberg units.
 The 60S subunit is the large subunit of eukaryotic 80S ribosomes.
 It is structurally and functionally related to the 50S subunit of 70S prokaryotic ribosomes.
 However, the 60S subunit is much larger than the prokaryotic 50S subunit and contains many additional protein segments, as well as ribosomal RNA expansion segments.
In molecular biology, exonuclease VII (EC 3.1.11.6 , "Escherichia coli exonuclease VII", "E. coli exonuclease VII", "endodeoxyribonuclease VII", "Exodeoxyribonuclease VII") is a bacterial exonuclease enzyme.
 It is composed of two nonidentical subunits; one large subunit and 4 small ones.
 Exonuclease VII catalyses exonucleolytic cleavage in either 5'-3' or 3'-5' direction to yield 5'-phosphomononucleotides.
 The large subunit also contains an N-terminal OB-fold domain that binds to nucleic acids.
The AB5 toxins are six-component protein complexes secreted by certain pathogenic bacteria known to cause human diseases such as cholera, dysentery, and hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
 One component is known as the A subunit, and the remaining five components make up the B subunit.
 All of these toxins share a similar structure and mechanism for entering targeted host cells.
 The B subunit is responsible for binding to receptors to open up a pathway for the A subunit to enter the cell.
 The A subunit is then able to use its catalytic machinery to take over the host cell's regular functions.
The ribosome ( ) is a complex molecular machine, found within all living cells, that serves as the site of biological protein synthesis (translation).
 Ribosomes link amino acids together in the order specified by messenger RNA (mRNA) molecules.
 Ribosomes consist of two major components: the small ribosomal subunit, which reads the RNA, and the large subunit, which joins amino acids to form a polypeptide chain.
 Each subunit is composed of one or more ribosomal RNA (rRNA) molecules and a variety of ribosomal proteins (r-protein or rProtein).
 The ribosomes and associated molecules are also known as the "translational apparatus".
A ribosomal protein (r-protein or rProtein) is any of the proteins that, in conjunction with rRNA, make up the ribosomal subunits involved in the cellular process of translation.
 A large part of the knowledge about these organic molecules has come from the study of "E. coli" ribosomes.
 All ribosomal proteins have been isolated and many specific antibodies have been produced.
 These, together with electronic microscopy and the use of certain reactives, have allowed for the determination of the topography of the proteins in the ribosome.
 "E. coli", other bacteria and Archaea have a 30S small subunit and a 50S large subunit, whereas humans and yeasts have a 40S small subunit and a 60S large subunit.
 Equivalent subunits are frequently numbered differently between bacteria, Archaea, yeasts and humans.
 More recently, a near-complete (near)atomic picture of the ribosomal proteins is emerging from the latest high-resolution cryo-EM data (including PDB ID: 5AFI).
