Livewire(s), Live Wire(s), The Live Wire or Live Wired may refer to:
"Live Wire" is a 1964 dance single released by Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas.
 The song was produced by Holland–Dozier–Holland under the same gospel-pop confection of their earlier hit singles "(Love Is Like a) Heat Wave" and "Quicksand".
 The song explained why the narrator can't come up with words to tell her lover that she was through with him because when she looks at him, she feels that he is "like a bolt of lightning" and that he's a "live wire".
 The song failed to hit the Top 40 of the pop chart (peaking at #42) and reached #11 on Cashbox's R&B singles chart (the "Billboard" R&B chart was suspended until January 1965).
Curtain arrays are a class of large multielement directional wire radio transmitting antennas, used in the shortwave radio bands.
 They are a type of reflective array antenna, consisting of multiple wire dipole antennas, suspended in a vertical plane, often in front of a "curtain" reflector made of a flat vertical screen of many long parallel wires.
 These are suspended by support wires strung between pairs of tall steel towers, up to 300 ft high.
 They are used for long-distance skywave (or "skip") transmission; they transmit a beam of radio waves at a shallow angle into the sky just above the horizon, which is reflected by the ionosphere back to Earth beyond the horizon.
 Curtain antennas are mostly used by international short wave radio stations to broadcast to large areas at transcontinental distances.
The Live Wire: Woody Guthrie in Performance 1949 is a recording of a concert by Woody Guthrie in Newark, New Jersey, one of a small number of surviving live recordings of the folk singer.
 The program consists of Guthrie answering questions from his wife Marjorie about his life, and singing songs.
 The recording was made on an inexpensive wire recorder by Paul Braverman, and a significant restoration process was required to clean up the audio on the two spools of wire.
 In 2008 the album won a Grammy Award for Best Historical Album.
Desde Gayola was a Mexican late-night live television sketch comedy and variety show created by Horacio Villalobos.
 The show premiered on the music video network Telehit in February 2002 as a sketch into the variety show "Válvula de Escape".
 The show revolves around a series of parodies about Mexican culture, sexuality and politics, performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members.
Too Beautiful to Live (often abbreviated to TBTL) is a podcast originating from Seattle, Washington and Bellingham, Washington (the Bay City), co-hosted by Luke Burbank, CBS News Sunday Morning correspondent, host of Live Wire Radio and frequent NPR's Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!
 panelist, and veteran radio producer and one time radio host Andrew Walsh.
 The podcast originated as a radio show on KIRO-FM which aired from January 7, 2008 to September 11, 2009.
 Upon its radio broadcast cancellation, it immediately transitioned to a podcast on September 14, 2009, and is still produced Monday through Friday.
Live Wire Radio is a radio variety show that was launched in 2004 in Portland, Oregon.
 Staff at the upstart, weekly show are hoping to position it to possibly be considered by American Public Media as a replacement for Garrison Keillor's "A Prairie Home Companion".
Live Wire is a 2004 live CD/DVD released by Christian rock band Third Day.
 All of the tracks, except for "Sing a Song" and "Blackbird", are from their album "Wire", released earlier that year.
 "Thank You All" was recorded especially for "Live Wire".
 Some of the songs were cut off the CD but can be found on the DVD.
 The concert was shot and recorded in Louisville, Kentucky, at the Palace Theater.
 It has been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
Floater is an American rock band currently based in Portland, Oregon.
 The band was started in 1993 by Robert Wynia, Peter Cornett and David Amador.
 They are known for their progressive concept albums, stylized storytelling, intense live performances, and devoted fanbase.
 Floater routinely sells out local venues in Oregon and periodically plays shows in the neighboring states of Washington, California, Nevada, and Idaho.
 Floater has played a variety of venues, including CBGB in New York and the Roxy Theatre in Los Angeles.
 The band was also a musical guest for Live Wire Radio on OPB radio.
 The band has been voted the "Best Band" in the Willamette Week's "Best of Portland" reader's poll for 2009 and 2010.
Luke Burbank (born May 8, 1976) is an American radio host and podcaster who hosts the Portland, Oregon-based syndicated variety show "Live Wire Radio" and the Seattle-based former radio program and current podcast "Too Beautiful to Live".
 He was most recently co-host of "The Ross and Burbank Show" and host of "The Luke Burbank Show" on Seattle's KIRO-FM radio station.
 Burbank is also a correspondent for CBS News Sunday Morning.
