Kettering University (formerly General Motors Institute of Technology) is a private cooperative education and experiential learning-based university in Flint, Michigan, offering bachelor's and master's degrees in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) and business fields.
K–16 is a movement in the United States to bring together the various levels of education for younger students, namely between the K–12 and the post-secondary education systems, and create aligned policy and practice in examination practices, graduation requirements, admissions policies and other areas.
 The movement is so-named because of an insinuated continuum between the traditionally-distinct K–12 system and the two-to-four-year basic post-secondary education system that is in place in most colleges and universities (hence "13th grade", "14th grade", "15th grade" and "16th grade").
 Community Colleges with Associate Degrees are equal to grades 12 to 14.
 Universities offer grades 14 to 16 with a Bachelor Degree.
 Master University degrees would then be grades 16 to 18.
 In Bangladesh, universities award degrees up to the 16th grade.
The University of New Mexico Hospital (locally known as either University Hospital or UNM Hospital) is a public teaching hospital located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, immediately north of the main campus of the University of New Mexico.
 The hospital is the only Level I trauma center in the state of New Mexico, and also houses the only certified burn unit and designated stroke center in the state.
 In addition, UNMH also contains the only children's hospital in New Mexico, and is the state's sole source of 13 pediatric sub-specialties.
 As a "safety net hospital", UNMH serves a large percentage of the uninsured and under-insured population of the state.
 The hospital is the main teaching facility for the University of New Mexico School of Medicine.
The University of New Mexico (also referred to as UNM) is a public research university in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
 It is New Mexico's flagship research institution, the largest post-secondary institution in the state in total enrollment across all campuses as of 2012, and one of the state's largest employers.
"Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig" (University) is an Anishinaabe (Ojibwa) Institute run in conjunction with Algoma University in Sault Ste. Marie and the Shingwauk Education Trust.
 Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig is one of the Aboriginal Institutes in Ontario's post-secondary system which partner with colleges and universities to offer post-secondary programs geared specifically toward Indigenous students.
Joseph M. Stell, Jr. (born June 15, 1928) was an American politician who was a Democratic member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1984 to 2007.
 Stell attended Eastern New Mexico University, New Mexico State University, Western New Mexico University and the University of New Mexico.
 He is a former teacher and rancher.
The Universidad Azteca (also known as "Universidad Azteca de Chalco") is a private university in Chalco, Mexico in a community in Mexico State in the greater Mexico City area.
 Universidad Azteca is a private university with recognition of the Official Validity of Studies awarded by the Federal Secretary of Education (RVOE), accredited by the Federal Ministry of Education of the Republic and recognized by the Federal Government to provide higher education and award graduate and postgraduate university degrees.
 According to the Mexican Higher Education laws Universidad Azteca is authorised to offer study programmes and award degrees with RVOE and offer autonomous programmes and award academic degrees of the university.
 The study areas with RVOE (accreditation) are Administration Informatics; Architecture; Business Administration; Education Sciences; International Commerce; Law; Pedagogics; Psychology; Public Accounting.
 The University awards undergraduate Bachelor, graduate Master, postgraduate Master and Doctor degrees in international programmes in accordance with the Bologna Process and issues a Diploma Supplement.
 Universidad Azteca International Network System is the university extension, collaborating with other universities globally and branch campus facilities in Austria, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates, India.
Antonio Manuel Fernández (January 17, 1902 – November 7, 1956) was a United States Representative from New Mexico.
 He was born in Springer, New Mexico where he attended the public schools, and Highlands University, Las Vegas, New Mexico.
 He received law training at Cumberland University, Lebanon, Tennessee and was a court reporter for the eighth judicial district of New Mexico in 1925–1930.
 Later, he was admitted to the bar in 1931 and commenced practice in Raton, New Mexico.
 He was the assistant district attorney of the eighth judicial district in 1933 and practiced law in Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1934.
Ozzie Zehner is a visiting scholar at Northwestern University.
 He authored the book "".
 He received degrees from Kettering University and the University of Amsterdam.
New Mexico chile (or New Mexican chile) is a group of cultivars of the chile pepper, initially developed by pioneer horticulturist, Dr. Fabián Garcia, at New Mexico State University in 1894, then known as Las Cruces College and the New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts.
 Selective breeding began with 14 lineages of 'Pasilla', 'Colorado', and 'Negro' cultivars, from across New Mexico and Southern Colorado's old Hispano and Pueblo communities.
 These peppers were selected to have a "larger smoother, fleshier, more tapering and shoulderless pod for canning purposes."
 The first cultivar of this group was released in 1913, called 'New Mexico No. 9'.
 The New Mexico chile peppers are popular in the cuisine of the Southwestern United States and in the broader Mexican cuisine, and an integral staple of New Mexican cuisine.
