The earliest Christadelphian hymn book published was the "Sacred Melodist" which was published by Benjamin Wilson in Geneva, Illinois in 1860.
 The next was the hymn book published for the use of "Baptised Believers in the Kingdom of God" (an early name for Christadelphians) by George Dowie in Edinburgh in 1864. "
"The Golden Harp"" was put together in 1864 by Scotsman Robert Roberts.
 This was then followed a year later by first 'official' (as the Christadelphians had not been named as such until then) book, compiled also by Roberts, and was called simply ""The Christadelphian Hymn Book.""
 It contained 223 psalms/hymns and 50 anthems but no music.
 In 1869 Robert's produced a version of this book with music included.
The Revengers, published in 1982, is a novel in the long-running secret agent series Matt Helm by Donald Hamilton.
 It was the first Helm book published since 1977 and the nineteenth book published overall since 1960.
Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell was a volume of poetry published jointly by the three Brontë sisters, Charlotte, Emily and Anne in 1846 (see 1846 in poetry), and their first work to ever go in print.
 To evade contemporary prejudice against female writers, the Brontë sisters adopted masculine first names.
 All three retained the first letter of their first names: Charlotte became "Currer Bell", Anne became "Acton Bell", and Emily became "Ellis Bell".
 The book was printed by Aylott and Jones, from London.
 The first edition failed to attract interest, with only two copies being sold.
 However, the sisters decided to continue writing for publication and began work on their first novels, which became commercial successes.
 Following the success of Charlotte's "Jane Eyre" in 1848, and after the deaths of Emily and Anne, the second edition of this book (printed in 1850 by Smith & Elder) fared much better, with Charlotte's additions of previously unpublished poetry by her two late sisters.
 It is believed that there are fewer than ten copies in existence with the Aylott and Jones' title-page.
This is a list of cultural references to "Wuthering Heights", which was Emily Brontë's only novel, specifically in literature and music.
 It was first published in 1847 under the pseudonym Ellis Bell, and a posthumous second edition was edited by her sister Charlotte.
 For adaptations of the novel, see List of "Wuthering Heights" adaptations.
Wuthering Heights is Emily Brontë's only novel.
 Written between October 1845 and June 1846, "Wuthering Heights" was published in 1847 under the pseudonym "Ellis Bell"; Brontë died the following year, aged 30.
 "Wuthering Heights" and Anne Brontë's "Agnes Grey" were accepted by publisher Thomas Newby before the success of their sister Charlotte's novel, "Jane Eyre".
 After Emily's death, Charlotte edited the manuscript of "Wuthering Heights", and arranged for the edited version to be published as a posthumous second edition in 1850.
Emily Jane Brontë ( , "commonly" ; 30 July 1818 – 19 December 1848) was an English novelist and poet who is best known for her only novel, "Wuthering Heights", now considered a classic of English literature.
 Emily was the third-eldest of the four surviving Brontë siblings, between the youngest Anne and her brother Branwell.
 She wrote under the pen name Ellis Bell.
This is a list of adaptations of "Wuthering Heights", which was Emily Brontë's only novel.
 It was first published in 1847 under the pseudonym Ellis Bell, and a posthumous second edition was edited by her sister Charlotte.
Earth-Two is a fictional universe appearing in American comic book published by DC Comics.
 Characters who reside on Earth-Two include Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, and various superheroes and villains and supporting characters in DC Comics.
Unique World Records is a world record book published in India.
 The reference book published annually, listing all world records in the categories of amazing facts, biggest, business, collections, creativity, education, extraordinary talent, inventions, marathon, memory and mental world, most and mass, people and places, smallest, strength and stamina, and youngest achievers.
Who Is Jake Ellis?
 is an American espionage comic book published in 2011.
 Written by Nathan Edmondson with art by Tonci Zonjic, it is published by Image Comics.
 The story follows Jon Moore, a former analyst for the Central Intelligence Agency.
 Several years before, Moore had escaped from an illegal laboratory where he had been subject to various experiments related to remote viewing.
 The experiments resulted in Moore seeing Jake Ellis, a ghostly figure with extensive knowledge of espionage tradecraft.
 With Jake providing tactical advice, Moore has become a successful criminal in Western Europe, all the time trying to avoid the Americans who he believes were responsible for his imprisonment.
 When a job in Barcelona goes wrong, Moore comes under renewed scrutiny from law enforcement, the Americans, and the people who imprisoned him.
 At Jake's suggestion, Moore locates the facility which he was held at in Marrakech, Morocco.
 Jake believes that the facility will help him uncover his own origins.
 Moore infiltrates the facility and discovers files on both him and Jake, who he now realizes was a separate person all along.
 As they penetrate deeper into the complex, Jake becomes more confused and eventually disappears.
 Moore soon finds Jake's body, hooked up to life support machines.
 A doctor informs him that he and Jake were their most successful subjects and that they have been observing Moore since his escape.
 Moore manages to escape the facility with Jake in tow and delivers the unconscious body to the American embassy.
