A referendum on a new constitution was held in Puerto Rico on 3 March 1952.
 It was approved by 81.9% of voters.
 This was considered by many US and Puerto Rican politicians an affirmation of the new Constitution of the island as an "Estado Libre Associado", or Commonwealth, as proposed by legislation in 1950 by the US Congress after negotiation with its political leaders.
 Puerto Rican nationalists question the meaning of the referendum, complaining that the only alternative offered was direct US rule, and no choice of independence was offered.
 In 1980, the US Supreme Court adjudicated ("Harris v. Rosario") that as a result of this referendum of 1952, the actual Territorial Status was not changed at all.
The Constituent Assembly was the tenth Constituent Assembly of Peru, convened by the government of General Francisco Morales Bermudez to facilitate the return of democracy following a decade of the self-styled Revolutionary Government of the Armed Forces.
 It was settled on July 28, 1978 and was led by Víctor Raúl Haya de la Torre, historical leader of the American Popular Revolutionary Alliance.
 Its main mission was to develop a new constitution replacing the old 1933 Constitution.
 This new Constitution was enacted and promulgated on July 12, 1979, and entered into force on July 28, 1980, on the opening of the constitutional government of the architect Fernando Belaúnde Terry.
 It was replaced 14 years later by the 1993 Constitution.
Medical Common Sense: Applied to the Causes, Prevention and Cure of Chronic Diseases and Unhappiness in Marriage was an 1858 work authored and published by Edward Bliss Foote.
 The work sold well and an expanded version, Plain Home Talk, Embracing Medical Common Sense, sold 500,000 copies.
 This expanded version would include over 500 pages of new content and whereas the initial work was written in two parts, "Plain Home Talk" contained four parts and put a large emphasis on marriage and sexual health and ethics topics.
Constitutional Assembly elections were held in Bulgaria on 27 October 1946.
 The elections served to elect members to the 6th Grand National Assembly, tasked with adopting a new constitution.
 The Fatherland Front, an anti-fascist coalition dominated by the Bulgarian Communist Party, had come to power in 1944 following a coup.
 Now that the Second World War was over and the monarchy abolished the communists wanted to adopt a new constitution.
 The Communists won a large majority, with 53.5 percent of the vote and 278 of the 465 seats.
 Voter turnout was 92.6%.
 This would be the lowest vote share that the Communists or the Fatherland Front would claim during the 43 years of undisguised Communist rule in Bulgaria.
 In subsequent years, the Fatherland Front would claim to win elections with unanimous or near-unanimous support.
Plan of Tacubaya, also known as Tacubaya Plan or War of the Three Years (Spanish: "Plan de Tacubaya" ) was formulated to abolish the Reform Laws by Benito Juárez.
 In Mexico the new constitution was rejected by a large part of society, which had the support of the clergy and the army.
 Comonfort, aware of the limitations imposed by the new regime, proposed reforms to strengthen the government and mitigate "radical" measures; however, Congress rejected them.
 Given the delicate situation, Félix Zuloaga and other generals convinced Comonfort to convene another congress to draft a new constitution more in keeping with the customs of the nation.
 On December 17, 1857, Zuloaga proclaimed the Plan of Tacubaya.
 Comonfort joined the Plan of Tacubaya, which began the three-year war.
A constitutional referendum was held in Mauritania on June 25, 2006 and approved by nearly 97% of voters.
 Following the August 2005 ouster of long-time president Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya, the new transitional military regime called the referendum on a new constitution, which limits presidents to two five-year terms; previously presidential terms were six years and there was no limit on re-election.
 The new constitution also establishes a maximum age limit of 75 for presidential candidates.
A referendum on the new Constitution of France was held in Moyen-Congo on 28 September 1958 as part of a wider referendum held across the French Union.
 The new constitution would make the territory an autonomous republic within the French Community, and was approved by 99% of voters.
 The Territorial Assembly proclaimed the Republic of the Congo on 28 November 1958, and the country became independent two years later.
Common Sense, subtitled A new constitution for Britain is a book written by the British Labour politician Tony Benn and the journalist Andrew Hood.
The phrase Common Sense Revolution (CSR) has been used as a political slogan to describe conservative platforms with a main goal of reducing taxes while balancing the budget by reducing the size and role of government.
 It has been used in places such as Australia and the U.S. state of New Jersey in the 1990s.
 This article deals with the "Common Sense Revolution" as it was under Ontario Premier Mike Harris, and the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario from 1995 to 2002.
A constitutional referendum was held in Peru on 31 October 1993.
 It followed the Alberto Fujimori's presidential coup on 5 April 1992.
 A new constitution was published on 4 September 1993, limiting the President to two terms of four years, creating a unicameral Congress.
 Constitutional amendments would be possible with either a referendum or a two-thirds majority in two successive Congresses.
 Referendums would also be possible if a petition had 0.3% of voters' signatures.
 After being approved by 52% of voters, the new constitution came into force on 29 December 1993.
