The 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs of the National Hockey League (NHL) began on April 14, 2010, after the 2009–10 NHL regular season.
 The Finals ended on June 9, 2010, with the Chicago Blackhawks defeating the Philadelphia Flyers in six games to win their fourth championship and their first since 1961.
 Blackhawks center and team captain Jonathan Toews was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as the playoffs' most valuable player.
Nzango ("English: foot game") is a local traditional playground dancing game that has its origin from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Practiced and played mainly by women for fun, the sport is a mixture of dance, singing, gymnatics and choreography performed in an energetic way.
 The game was demonstrated at the 2015 All Africa Games in Congo Brazzaville.
The Chicago Blackhawks are an American professional ice hockey team based in Chicago, Illinois.
 They play in the Central Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL).
 The team was first named the "Chicago Black Hawks", until 1986, when spelling found in the original franchise documents spelled the franchise name as the "Chicago Blackhawks", making the team change its name in response.
 The team is also referred to as the "Hawks".
 The Blackhawks began their NHL play in the 1926–27 season as an expansion team with the Detroit Cougars and the New York Rangers, and is one of the Original Six teams.
 The franchise has 6 Stanley Cup championships, most recently winning in the 2014-2015 season.
 Having played in the Chicago Coliseum (1926–1929) and the Chicago Stadium (1929–1994), the Blackhawks have played their home games at the United Center since 1994.
 The Blackhawks are owned by Rocky Wirtz; Stan Bowman is the general manager, and Jonathan Toews is the team captain.
NHL 11 is an ice hockey video game, which celebrated the twentieth anniversary of the "NHL" series.
 The game was developed by EA Canada, published by EA Sports, and released in North America on September 7, 2010, with the game releasing in all other regions within two weeks.
 The game features a physics-based game engine, which replaced the old animation-based system, and was touted by "NHL 11" producer, Sean Ramjagsingh, as "the biggest change in "NHL 11"".
 Other significant changes include broken sticks, which means the stick may now break when the player shoots.
 "NHL 11" does not use official International Ice Hockey Federation jerseys, as the game doesn't have the IIHF license.
 The cover of "NHL 11" features Chicago Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews, who helped the team win their first Stanley Cup title in 49 years in 2010.
A 200-foot game is an expression used in ice hockey to describe a forward's ability to have strong play at both ends of an ice rink, which is standardized at 200 feet long.
 Players who can play a 200-foot game are contrasted with players who score a lot of points by avoiding hard forechecking or backchecking, cherry picking their plays perhaps for breakaways, and avoiding fighting for the puck in the corners of the rink, such as Pavel Bure or Brett Hull.
 Playing a 200-foot game means fighting for each part of the ice, fighting for control of the puck whether it's in one's possession or not, and engaging using your body in traffic.
 Some examples of players who play or played a 200-foot game include Sidney Crosby, Mike Richards, Marian Hossa, Jonathan Toews, Pavel Datsyuk, Auston Matthews, and Gordie Howe.
The 60th National Hockey League All-Star Game was an exhibition ice hockey game played on January 25, 2015.
 The game was held in Columbus, Ohio, for the first time, at Nationwide Arena, home of the Columbus Blue Jackets.
 The team captains were chosen by NHL Hockey Operations: Nick Foligno of the All-Star Game-hosting Blue Jackets served as captain for the home team, and Jonathan Toews of the Chicago Blackhawks served for the away team.
 Team Toews won the game 17–12, as the teams and players broke a variety of All-Star Game scoring records.
NHL 16 is an ice hockey simulation video game developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports.
 It is the 25th installment of the "NHL" series and was released on September 15, 2015 in North America and September 17 and 18 in Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
 The game was released on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, with a separate release for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 titled NHL: Legacy Edition.
 Jonathan Toews of the Chicago Blackhawks is the official cover athlete, marking his second appearance on an "NHL" cover, following "NHL 11".
The 2008–09 Chicago Blackhawks season is the club's 83rd season in the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Prior to the start of the season, the Blackhawks announced that 20-year-old center Jonathan Toews would serve as the team's captain for the 2008–09 season, thus making him the 3rd-youngest player to earn that distinction in the NHL.
 Their regular season began on October 10, 2008, against the New York Rangers and concluded on April 12, 2009, against the rival Detroit Red Wings.
 The Blackhawks played in the Winter Classic, an outdoor game, against the Red Wings at Wrigley Field on January 1, 2009.
 The team succeeded in making the 2008–09 playoffs with a 3–1 win over Nashville on April 3 after missing the 2007–08 playoffs by three points.
The sport of Australian football has been called by a number of different names throughout its history; but since 1905, after the formation of the Australasian Football Council, the game has been officially called "Australian football"; and the name has been codified by the sport's governing body, the AFL Commission, as the game's official name, in the "Laws of Australian football".
 Historically, the sport has been called "Victorian rules" (referring to its origins in Melbourne), the "Victorian game", the "bouncing game", "Australasian rules", the "Australian game" and "national football", as well as several other names.
 Today, the common names for the sport are "Australian rules football" or "football", and common nicknames for the sport are "footy", "Aussie rules" or sometimes "AFL" (a genericised abbreviation of Australian Football League, the sport's largest competition and only fully professional league).
David Toews (born June 7, 1990) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.
 He was drafted by the New York Islanders in the 3rd round, 66th overall, in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
 He is the younger brother of current Chicago Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews.
