Songs of Innocence is the thirteenth studio album by Irish rock band U2.
 Released on 9 September 2014, it was produced by Danger Mouse, with additional production from Paul Epworth, Ryan Tedder, Declan Gaffney, and Flood.
 The album was announced at an Apple Inc. product launch event and released the same day to all iTunes Store customers at no cost.
 It was exclusive to iTunes, iTunes Radio, and Beats Music until 13 October 2014, when it received a physical release on Island and Interscope Records.
 The digital release made the record available to over 500 million iTunes customers, for what Apple CEO Tim Cook marketed as "the largest album release of all time".
At.
 Long.
 Last.
 ASAP (stylized as AT.LONG.LAST.A$AP) is the second studio album by American rapper ASAP Rocky .
 It was released on May 26, 2015, by A$AP Worldwide, Polo Grounds Music, and RCA Records.
 The record serves as a sequel from Rocky's previous studio effort "Long.
 Live.
 ASAP" (2013).
 In 2013, the recording sessions first took place, during a release of "Long.
 Live.
 A$AP".
 The album's executive production was provided by Danger Mouse, mentor ASAP Yams and Rocky himself, featuring production by Rocky and Danger Mouse, as well as a variety of several high-profile producers, including co-executive producers Hector Delgado and Juicy J, Jim Jonsin, FNZ, Frans Mernick, Kanye West, Thelonious Martin and Mark Ronson, among others.
Danger Mouse is a British animated television series produced by Cosgrove Hall Films for Thames Television.
 It featured the eponymous Danger Mouse who worked as a secret agent.
 The show was a parody of British spy fiction, particularly the "Danger Man" series and James Bond.
 The show originally ran in the United Kingdom from 28 September 1981 to 19 March 1992.
Danger Mouse is a British animated television series, and it serves as a reboot of the 1981 series with the same name.
 The series is produced by FremantleMedia with animation by Irish Boulder Media.
 "Danger Mouse" premiered on CBBC on 28 September 2015.
The discography of Gnarls Barkley, an American alternative hip hop duo composed of record producer Danger Mouse and soul singer Cee Lo Green, consists of two studio albums, two extended plays, seven singles and seven music videos.
 The duo originally met in the late 1990s, and began to record music together in 2003 following the release of Danger Mouse's 2003 album "Ghetto Pop Life".
 Their first single, "Crazy", was released in 2006; it achieved worldwide chart success, reaching number two on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 – where it was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) – and reaching the top ten of the Australian, New Zealand and Swiss singles charts, among others.
 It also topped the UK Singles Chart, attracting considerable attention for becoming the first song ever to top the chart on digital download sales alone, following a change to the chart's eligibility rules allowing songs to chart purely on digital sales providing that it was given a physical release the following week.
 The song appeared on Gnarls Barkley's debut studio album, "St. Elsewhere", which peaked at number four on the US "Billboard" 200 as well as topping the New Zealand and United Kingdom albums charts.
 Three further singles – "Smiley Faces", which reached the top ten of the UK and Irish singles charts, "Who Cares?
" and a cover of the Violent Femmes song "Gone Daddy Gone" – were released from "St. Elsewhere", although none of them appeared on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
This is an episode guide for the children's animated television series Danger Mouse, which serves as a reboot of the 1981 series with the same name.
 The series is produced by FremantleMedia with animation by Irish Boulder Media.
 "Danger Mouse" premiered on CBBC on 28 September 2015.
Turn Blue is the eighth studio album by American rock duo the Black Keys.
 It was co-produced by Danger Mouse and the band, and was released on Nonesuch Records on May 12, 2014.
 The record was the group's fourth collaboration with Danger Mouse, following their previous studio album, "El Camino" (2011), which was their biggest commercial and critical success to that point.
 For "Turn Blue", Danger Mouse reprised his role from "El Camino" as an equal songwriting partner alongside guitarist Dan Auerbach and drummer Patrick Carney.
Dark Night of the Soul is a studio album by Danger Mouse and Sparklehorse, featuring collaborations by numerous notable musicians.
 Its release was postponed due to a legal dispute with the album's distributor EMI and was finally released in July 2010, about a year after it had been leaked to the internet and Danger Mouse had released a blank CD-R as a way of working around the dispute.
El Camino is the seventh studio album by American rock duo the Black Keys.
 It was co-produced by Danger Mouse and the group, and was released on Nonesuch Records on December 6, 2011.
 The record was the band's follow-up to their commercial breakthrough, "Brothers" (2010), and was their third collaboration with Danger Mouse.
 "El Camino" draws from popular genres of the 1950s to 1970s, such as rock and roll, glam rock, rockabilly, surf rock and soul.
 Danger Mouse contributed as a co-writer on each of the 11 songs alongside guitarist Dan Auerbach and drummer Patrick Carney.
Baron von Bulls*** Rides Again is a live bootleg album by indie rock band Modest Mouse, the first live CD unofficially, and later officially released by the group.
 The live performance was recorded by Modest Mouse, but was not officially released by the band.
 Instead, only a small number of individuals could obtain a copy at the time by purchasing the album exclusively at Park Avenue CDs in Orlando.
 Later that year, the album was made available on the Internet.
 It was released on April 13, 2004, one week after the studio album "Good News for People Who Love Bad News" was in stores.
 Currently, this disc is out-of-print.
 The album was recorded at The Social in Orlando, Florida during a string of shows between February 13–15, 2004.
