Local KungFu 2 is an Assamese Kung fu action comedy film.
 It is directed by Kenny Basumatary and produced by Durlov Baruah.
 It is the sequel to 2013 film "Local Kung Fu".
 The sequel is based on William Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors.
 The film-makers successfully raised money for post-production through crowdfunding and the film was released on 19 April 2017.
Kung Fu Style () is a 2015 Chinese animated action adventure comedy film directed by Xu Kerr.
 It was released on April 10, 2015.
Kung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy martial arts film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 It was directed by John Stevenson and Mark Osborne and produced by Melissa Cobb, and stars the voices of Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, Angelina Jolie, Ian McShane, Seth Rogen, Lucy Liu, David Cross, Randall Duk Kim, James Hong, and Jackie Chan.
 Set in a version of ancient China populated by anthropomorphic talking animals, the plot revolves around a bumbling panda named Po who aspires to be a kung fu master.
 When an evil kung fu warrior is foretold to escape after twenty years in prison, Po is unwittingly named the chosen one destined to defeat him and bring peace to the land, much to the chagrin of the resident kung fu warriors.
The Forbidden Kingdom (: "Gong Fu Zhi Wang" (Mandarin) or "Gung Fu Ji Wong" (Cantonese) and translated "King of Kung Fu" (English); Working title: "The J & J Project") is a 2008 Chinese-American fantasy kung fu wuxia film written by John Fusco, and directed by Rob Minkoff, and starring Jackie Chan and Jet Li.
 Loosely based on the novel "Journey to the West", it is the first film to co-star Jet Li and Jackie Chan.
 The action sequences were choreographed by Yuen Woo-ping.
Kung Fu Man also known as Kung Fu Hero is a 2012 Chinese-American Kung Fu film.
 This film was directed by Yuen Cheung-yan and Ning Ying and produced by Keanu Reeves, and starring Tiger Chen, Jiang Mengjie, Arman Darbo, Chyna Mccoy and Vanessa Branch.
Kung Fu Magoo is a Mexican-American animated action comedy film based on the "Mr. Magoo" character, created by Millard Kaufman and John Hubley.
 This film was produced by Classic Media, Ánima Estudios, and Santo Domingo Films.
 This film was also produced by Motion Toons, a new animation studio created in conjunction of Ánima Estudios, and Santo Domingo Films.
 English voice-cast stars Dylan and Cole Sprouse, Alyson Stoner and voice actors Tom Kenny, Rodger Bumpass, Jim Conroy, Chris Parnell, and Maile Flanagan.
Local Kung Fu is an Assamese Kung fu comedy film directed by Kenny Basumatary and the second Assamese film to have a nationwide release.
 It has also been dubbed as India’s first Kung fu film.
 The plot revolves around Charlie, "an ordinary boy from Guwahati with a delicate stomach", his girlfriend and a number of madcap characters.
The Incredible Kung Fu Master (), also known as The Kung Fu Master () is a 1979 martial arts action comedy film directed by Joe Cheung and starring Sammo Hung and Stephen Tung, the latter in his first leading role.
 This film features an action direction from a number of famous action directors including Sammo Hung Stunt Team, Lam Ching-ying, Billy Chan, Bryan Leung and Yuen Biao.
Hsiao Ho, (Hsiao Hou) (; Cantonese: Siu Hau, born 1 January 1958 (age 58) in Meixian District, Guangdong, China) is a Hong Kong martial arts film actor, stunt performer and action choreographer.
 A Hakka, he has acted in many films directed by Lau Kar-leung, including "Mad Monkey Kung Fu" and Legendary Weapons of China.
 In 1985 he portrayed legendary kung fu warrior Fong Sai-Yuk in the Lau directed action-comedy, "Disciples of the 36th Chamber" and also took a lead role in Fake Ghost Catchers, directed by Lau Kar Wing.
 Fake Ghost Catchers is marketed by Celestial Pictures as being made two years before Ghostbusters (inferring that the idea for Ghostbusters may have come from the movie).
 Hou is also known for portraying the "disfigured swordsman" and doubling complicated action scenes in 1993's "Iron Monkey".
 He was also the action director for the movie Shaolin Avengers (1994).
 In 1982 he was nominated for Best Action Choreography for the movie Legendary Weapons of China (for which he was action director) at the Hong Kong Film Awards alongside Lau Kar Leung and Ching Chu who also provided choreography for the film.
Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Scroll is an animated short film in the "Kung Fu Panda" film series.
 It was included on the 2015 Digital HD and 2016 Blu-ray, and DVD re-release of "Kung Fu Panda" and "Kung Fu Panda 2".
