Surf School is a 2006 American teen sex comedy written and directed by Joel Silverman.
 It stars Corey Sevier, Laura Bell Bundy, Harland Williams, and Sisqó.
 A group of misfits must learn to surf in one week so they can compete in the championships.
Dance Your Ass Off (also rendered in a censored form as Dance Your A** Off for broadcast television mentions and promotions) is a reality competition series on the Oxygen Network hosted by Marissa Jaret Winokur in the first season, then Melanie Brown in season two.
 Similar to the set up of "Dancing with the Stars" competitors are paired with a professional dancers in hope of impressing judges and the viewing audience.
 However, each of the twelve contestants are also hoping to lose weight during the process.
 It premiered on June 29, 2009.
 The medical doctor is Rob Huizenga from "The Biggest Loser".
 The season premiere brought in 4.3 million viewers making it the most watched show in history of Oxygen Network.
 In the judges panel are Danny Teeson, a lifestyle coach and dancing expert, actress Lisa Ann Walter, and professional dancer Mayte Garcia, who only appeared as a guest judge for a week in season 2.
Beautiful Girl is a 2003 television movie starring Marissa Jaret Winokur.
 The film was directed by Douglas Barr for the ABC Family network.
"Giddy On Up" is the debut single by American stage actress and singer Laura Bell Bundy.
 Co-written by Bundy, it was released to country music radio in February 2010 as the lead-off single from her debut album "Achin' and Shakin'," which was released on April 13, 2010.
 Bundy wrote this song with Jeff Cohen and Mike Shimshack.
Retired at 35 is an American sitcom on TV Land starring George Segal, Jessica Walter, Johnathan McClain, Josh McDermitt, Marissa Jaret Winokur, and Ryan Michelle Bathe.
 It is the network's second original scripted series after "Hot in Cleveland".
 The series premiered on January 19, 2011.
 On March 21, 2011, the series was renewed for a second season.
 The second season premiered on Tuesday, June 26, 2012, at 10:00 pm ET/PT, and concluded on Wednesday, August 29, 2012.
Katrina Rose Dideriksen is an actress originally from North Carolina.
 She lived in Durham, North Carolina, as a child and attended Durham School of the Arts in high school.
 She later studied at New York University Steinhardt School of Education before attending an open call for the musical "Hairspray".
 After winning over the producers, Dideriksen was first sent to the Toronto "Hairspray" cast and then joined the touring company.
 Dideriksen originated the role of Tracy for The Luxor production of "Hairspray" in Las Vegas opposite Harvey Fierstein.
 She played Tracy until the Vegas show closed in June 2006.
 She has also starred in "Hairspray" in Pittsburgh and Houston, as well as revisited the Standby position on Broadway.
 She performed as Shawntel and Eve in the Carnegie Hall performance of "", in the GLSEN benefit performance of "Zanna, Don't!
" as Roberta, in "Stained" at Ars Nova and in Bernice Bobs Her Mullet in the New York Musical Theatre Festival.
Achin' and Shakin' is the second studio album released by "Broadway" actress and Mercury Nashville recording artist Laura Bell Bundy.
 The album, which was released on April 13, 2010, is Bundy's first mainstream album; her first album, "Longing for a Place Already Gone", was self-released in 2007.
 "Achin' and Shakin"' features the singles "Giddy On Up" and "Drop On By".
Hairspray: Original Broadway Cast Recording is the cast album for the 2002 musical "Hairspray".
 The show is an adaptation of the 1988 film of the same name.
 It features performances from the show's cast, which includes Harvey Fierstein, Linda Hart, Dick Latessa, Kerry Butler, Clarke Thorell, Mary Bond Davis, Laura Bell Bundy, Matthew Morrison, Corey Reynolds, and Marissa Jaret Winokur as the lead character of Tracy Turnblad.
 The cast recording earned the 2003 Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album.
The first season of Dance Your Ass Off aired from June 29, 2009 to September 7, 2009.
 It aired on the Oxygen Network.
 It was the only season to feature Marissa Jaret Winokur as host.
 The show featured twelve overweight contestants competing to dance and lose weight.
 The medical doctor was Rob Huizenga from the USA "Biggest Loser".
 For this season, the judges were Danny Teeson, Lisa Ann Walter and Mayte Garcia.
Marissa Jaret Winokur (born February 2, 1973), sometimes credited as Marissa Winokur, is an American actress known for her Tony-winning performance as Tracy Turnblad in the highly successful Broadway musical adaptation of John Waters' film "Hairspray," as well as her work on the Pamela Anderson sitcom "Stacked."
 Some of her other TV credits include "Curb Your Enthusiasm," "Moesha," "The Steve Harvey Show," "Just Shoot Me!
," "Felicity," and "Dharma & Greg."
