The Brunswick–Altamaha Canal was a 12-mile-long canal built to connect the Altamaha River to the city of Brunswick, Georgia at the Turtle River to transport goods from Brunswick's port to areas farther north and inland.
 It included locks on both ends of the canal.
 The canal was originally proposed in 1798 and after two failed charters (1826 and 1830), construction was started in 1836 by Thomas Butler King.
 The project was estimated to cost $450,000.
 The canal was finished and opened in 1854; however, by that time the canal was obsolete because of new railroads.
 The canal was closed by 1860.
 The Columbian mammoth was discovered during the construction of the canal.
The Delaware Division of the Pennsylvania Canal, more commonly called the Delaware Canal, runs for 60 mi parallel to the right bank of the Delaware River from the entry locks near the mouth of the Lehigh River and terminal end of the Lehigh Canal at Easton south to Bristol.
 At Easton, which today is the home of The National Canal Museum, the Delaware Canal also connected with the Morris Canal built to carry anthracite coal to energy starved New Jersey industries.
 Later, with a crossing-lock constructed at New Hope, the New Hope 'outlet lock' (1847) connected by Cable Ferry to a feeder navigation/canal at Bull's Island along the opposite shore from Lumberville, which ran over 22 mi south along the left bank through Trenton to Bordentown, the west end of the Delaware and Raritan Canal (1834) to New York City via New Brunswick.
 as part of the solution to the United States' first energy crisis.
 The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania built the Delaware canal to feed anthracite stone coal to energy-hungry Philadelphia as part of its transportation infrastructure building plan known as the Main Line of Public Works—a legislative initiative creating a collection of self-reinforcing internal improvements to commercial transportation capabilities.
The Susquehanna and Tidewater Canal between Wrightsville, Pennsylvania, and Havre de Grace, Maryland, at the head of Chesapeake Bay, provided an interstate shipping alternative to 19th-century arks, rafts, and boats plying the difficult waters of the lower Susquehanna River.
 Built between 1836 and 1840, it ran 43 mi along the west bank of the river and rendered obsolete an older, shorter canal along the east bank.
 Of its total length, 30 mi were in Pennsylvania and 13 mi in Maryland.
 Though rivalry between Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Baltimore, Maryland, delayed its construction, the finished canal brought increased shipments of coal and other raw materials to both cities from Pennsylvania's interior.
 Competition from railroads was a large factor in the canal's decline after 1855.
 Canal remnants, including a lock keeper's house, have been preserved in Maryland, and locks 12 and 15 have been preserved in Pennsylvania.
 A copy of a detailed survey blueprint of the entire canal system including structures and property ownership details was donated (date unknown) by the Safe Harbor Water Power Corporation to Millersville University (assessed on 10/06/2016 in the MU Archives at Sp.
 Coll.
 Map 386.409748 S128 Folio).
 The survey consists of 67 pages, 98 x 30 cm.
 and is undated but the assumption is the original was created while the canal was in use.
The Whitewater Canal, which was built between 1836 and 1847, spanned a distance of seventy-six miles and stretched from Lawrenceburg, Indiana on the Ohio River to Hagerstown, Indiana.
The Washington City Canal operated from 1815 until the mid-1850s in Washington, D.C. The canal connected the Anacostia River, called the "Eastern Branch" at that time, to Tiber Creek, the Potomac River, and later the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal (C&O).
 The canal fell into disuse in the late 19th century and the city government covered over or filled in various sections.
The Cincinnati and Whitewater Canal Tunnel is a historic yet abandoned canal tunnel in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Ohio.
 Located within the village of Cleves near Cincinnati, it was constructed in 1837 as part of the Whitewater Canal system.
 Since the canal's closure, it has largely been forgotten, but it has been designated a historic site.
Duck Creek Aqueduct, also known as the Metamora Aqueduct and Whitewater Canal Aqueduct, is a historic aqueduct carrying the Whitewater Canal over Duck Creek in Metamora Township, Franklin County, Indiana.
 It is the only surviving covered wood aqueduct in the United States as such it is a form of covered bridge.
 It is a single-span Burr through truss aqueduct and measures approximately 90 feet long, 25 feet wide, and 25 feet deep.
 The original aqueduct was built between 1839 and 1843.
 The present structure was built in 1846, after the original aqueduct was washed out in a flood.
 It was strengthened in 1868, and repaired in 1901.
 After abandonment and deterioration, the Duck Creek Aqueduct was restored to its present appearance in 1946-1949.
The Whitewater River is a 101 mi southerly flowing right tributary of the Great Miami River in southeastern Indiana and southwestern Ohio in the United States.
 It is formed by the confluence of two forks, the West Fork and East Fork.
 The name is a misnomer, as there is no true white water on the river.
 However, there are many rapids due to the steep gradient present - the river falls an average of 6 ft/mile .
 The gradient rendered upstream navigation impossible, and in the mid-nineteenth century resulted in the construction of the Whitewater Canal paralleling the river from north of Connersville, Indiana, to the Ohio River.
Tiber Island was a man-made island in Washington, D.C. formed when the Washington City Canal was dug to connect the stream beds of Tiber Creek and James Creek, creating an island out of an existing peninsula southwest of the Capitol.
 The canals have since been filled in, rejoining the island to the mainland.
 The Southwest Waterfront, Buzzard Point, National Mall, and L'Enfant Plaza areas were once on the island; at that time, their isolation from "the mainland" led to the area's colloquial nickname as "The Island."
Tiber Creek or Tyber Creek is a tributary of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C. In the 19th century it was modified to become part of the Washington City Canal, and subsequently was enclosed in a tunnel.
