Triclops!
 was a San Francisco and Oakland-based Acid Punk/progressive rock band formed in 2005.
 They released two full-length albums, a 7" picture disc single, and an EP on noted independent record labels Gold Standard Laboratories, Alternative Tentacles, and Sick Room Records.
 Triclops!
 includes members of noted bay area bands Victim's Family, Fleshies, Bottles and Skulls, and Lower Forty-Eight.
 The band went on hiatus in 2010 following the release of their second full-length "Helpers On The Other Side", with the members remaining busy in their older bands and new projects.
 Triclops!
 guitarist Christian Eric Beaulieu's current project is as the primary songwriter for Los Angeles-based band Anywhere, which also features progressive punk luminaries Mike Watt and Cedric Bixler-Zavala.
The Skulls were a Los Angeles punk band formed in 1976.
 After a short lifespan, vocalist Steven William "Billy Bones" Fortuna reformed the band from time to time with various differing members, however The Skulls were re-established full-time with James 'Hardslug' Harding in 2000 until 2006.
 In recent years the band plays a casual show here and there with the '2000-2003' lineup of Billy Bones, James Harding, Sean Antillon and Kevin Preston - full history below.
Two (stylized as II) is the second and final studio album by American alternative rock band The Calling, released on June 8, 2004 (vocalist Alex Band's 23rd birthday) through RCA Records.
 The record only features original members Band and guitarist Aaron Kamin along with a variety of session musicians.
Pentagram is an American heavy metal band from Alexandria, Virginia, most famous as one of the pioneers of heavy metal, and the subgenre of doom metal in particular.
 The band was prolific in the underground scene of the 1970s, producing many demos and rehearsal tapes, but did not release a full-length album until reforming in the early 1980s with an almost completely new lineup.
 Throughout the band's history the only constant member has been vocalist Bobby Liebling.
 The revolving lineup of Pentagram has featured many well respected musicians in the local doom metal scene, with members spending time in other acts such as Raven, the Obsessed, Place of Skulls, Internal Void, Spirit Caravan, among many others.
With Vision is the second full-length album release by Place of Skulls.
 The album was released in 2003 on the Southern Lord Records label.
 The recording of this album was marked by numerous personnel changes before the final staff was assembled.
 This is the only Place of Skulls album to feature Scott Weinrich (of The Obsessed, Saint Vitus, Spirit Caravan fame) on vocals and second guitar, as he left soon after to concentrate on The Hidden Hand.
 Writing credits are far more distributed among the band members than its predecessor, wherein all songs were written solely by Griffin.
Mddl Fngz, also known as Middle Fingaz, is a South-West Houston-based rap group formed before 2000 as side project by southern rapper Bun B when partner rapper Pimp C was incarcerated.
 The group has appeared on several mixtapes as well as UGK's album UGK (Underground Kingz), and Bun B's second album II Trill.
 Members Band.I.T, Bad Azz Bam, and Young Kilo are signed to UGK Records.
The Skulls were an early Vancouver punk rock band, whose members would later found two of the area's bands: D.O.A. and The Subhumans.
 They toured heavily and issued a demo, but never released any albums.
Best Of Live (1996–2005) is a live album released by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman reconsisting of the band's finest works and presenting an aspect of the band's live appearance.
 The band members wanted to celebrate the first decadce of the band's existence by recording a live performance and releasing it on CD and DVD formats.
 This resulted the release of this CD and DVD "10 godina sa vama - Live SKC".
The first punk rock bands in Canada emerged during the late 1970s, in the wake of the US band Ramones and the UK bands Sex Pistols and The Clash.
 The Viletones, The Diodes and The Demics were among the pioneers, together with The Skulls (featuring Joey who would go on to form DOA, and Wimpy (Brian Roy) who would lead The Subhumans) from Vancouver, and Hamilton's Teenage Head, whose records and live shows earned them the nickname "Canada's Ramones".
 Vibrant local punk scenes sprung up in Toronto and Vancouver and other Canadian cities, however as the movement was increasingly infiltrated and co-opted by new wave bands, by 1980/81 hardcore emerged as a way to separate "true punk" bands from the "poseur punk" bands.
Lucy Gray is the debut full-length album from American post-hardcore band, Envy On The Coast.
 The album was released under Matt Galle's Photo Finish Records on August 7, 2007.
 The album's first single, "Sugar Skulls," is currently on the iTunes Music store.
 "Mirrors" has also been released as the second single.
 The album features guest vocals from members of As Tall As Lions and Circa Survive.
