Mohammad Imran Pratapgarhi Urdu: محمّد عمران خان‎ Hindi: इमरान प्रतापगढ़ी originally known as Mohammad Imran Khan is a famed Urdu language and Hindi language Poet who has gained prominence among the audience through his revolutionary poems.
 The three times National Award Winner for debate and poetry, he has a firm belief in following his heart.
 His work has a dominance in framing verses for sharp socio-political distortions, country- love, brotherhood and religious - social harmony fragrance broke.
Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na (translation: "Whether you know... or not") is a 2008 Indian coming of age romantic drama film, written and directed by Abbas Tyrewala.
 The film stars Imran Khan and Genelia D'Souza in pivotal roles.
 Produced by Mansoor Khan, Aamir Khan, it marks the directional debut of Abbas Tyrewala, the debut of Imran Khan (Aamir Khan's nephew) and Prateik Babbar as actors, and the re-appearance of D'Souza in Hindi cinema.
 Released on 4 July 2008, the film received positive reviews, and was successful at the box office.
 The music is by A. R. Rahman.
Imran Khan (better known as just Imran) is a Pakistani film actor who has worked in Lollywood and Pollywood films.
The Cinema of Pakistan or Pakistani cinema (Urdu: ‎ ) refers to the filmmaking industry in Pakistan.
 Pakistan is home to several film studios centres, primarily located in its two largest cities - Karachi and Lahore.
 Pakistani cinema has played an important part in Pakistani culture, and in recent years has begun flourishing again after years of decline, delivering entertainment to audiences in Pakistan and expatriates abroad.
 Several film industries are based in Pakistan, which tend to be regional and niche in nature.
 Over 10,000 Urdu feature-films have been produced in Pakistan since 1948, as well as over 8000 Punjabi, 6000 Pashto and 2000 Sindhi feature-length films.
 The first film ever produced was "Husn Ka Daku" in 1930, directed by Abdur Rashid Kardar in Lahore.
 The first Pakistani-film produced was "Teri Yaad", directed by Daud Chand in 1948.
 Between 1947 and 2007, Pakistani cinema was based in Lahore, home to the nation's largest film industry (nicknamed Lollywood).
 Pakistani films during this period attracted large audiences and had a strong cult following, was part of the cultural mainstream, widely available and imitated by the masses.
 During the early 1970s, Pakistan was the world's fourth largest producer of feature films.
 However, between 1977 and 2007, the film industry of Pakistan went into decline due to Islamization, strengthening of censorship laws and an overall lack of quality.
 Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, the film industry went through several periods of ups and downs, a reflection of its dependency on state funding and incentives.
 By 2000, the film industry in Lahore had collapsed and saw a gradual shift of Pakistani actors, actresses, producers and filmmakers from Lahore to Karachi.
 By 2007, the wounds of Pakistan's collapsed film industry began to heal and Karachi had cemented itself as the centre of Pakistani cinema.
 Quality and new technology led to an explosion of alternative form of Pakistani cinema.
 The shift has been seen by many as the leading cause for the "resurgence of Pakistani cinema".
 Despite the industry crisis starting in the mid-1980s, Pakistani films have retained much of its distinctive identity.
 Since the shift to Karachi, Pakistani films have once again began attracting a strong cult following.
The cinema of Bangladesh is the Bengali language film industry based in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
 It has often been a significant film industry since the early 1970s and is frequently referred to as "Dhallywood" (Bengali: ঢালিউড ), which is a portmanteau of the words Dhaka and Hollywood.
 The dominant style of Bangladeshi cinema is melodramatic cinema, which developed from 1947 to 1990 and characterizes most films to this day.
 Cinema was introduced in Bangladesh in 1898 by Bradford Bioscope Company, credited to have arranged the first film release in Bangladesh.
 Between 1913 and 1914, the first production company named Picture House was opened.
 A short silent film titled "Sukumari" ("The Good Girl") was the first produced film in the region during 1928.
 The first full-length film "The Last Kiss", was released in 1931.
 From the separation of Bangladesh from Pakistan, Dhaka is the center of Bangladeshi film industry, and generated the majority share of revenue, production and audiences. "
The Face and the Mask", the first Bengali language Bangladeshi full-length feature film was produced in 1956.
 The 1960s, 1970s, 1980s and the first half of the 1990s were the golden years for Bangladeshi films as the industry produced many successful films.
 But during then many of the films were unofficial remake of Indian films.
Imran Khan (] ; born Imran Pal 13 January 1983) is an American-born film actor, who appears in Hindi films.
 He is the nephew of actor Aamir Khan and director-producer Mansoor Khan, and the grandson of director-producer Nasir Hussain.
 He appeared as a child artist in the films "Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak" (1988) and "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander" (1992).
Pashto cinema (Urdu: ‎ , Pashto: د پښتو سينما‎ ), also known by its sobriquet Pollywood (Pashto: پالېوډ‎ ), refers to the Pashto language film industry of Pakistani cinema based in Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
Laaj (Urdu: ‎ ) is a 2003 Pakistani Urdu language film which was directed by Rauf Khalid.
 The film starred Zara Sheikh and Imran Khan in its lead roles.
 Film's music is composed by Amjad Bobby.
The 57th Filmfare Awards were held on January 29, 2012 at Film City, Mumbai honoring the best film of 2011 from the Hindi-language film industry (commonly known as Bollywood).
 The ceremony was jointly hosted by Shahrukh Khan and Ranbir Kapoor.
 Incidentally, both of them have hosted the award ceremonies previously but with different co-hosts (Khan with Saif Ali Khan, Kapoor with Imran Khan), hence making it the first time for this pair to host the show.
Ghani Khan (Pashto: غني خان) ‎ (1914–1996) was a Pakistani Pashto language poet, artist, writer, politician and Philosopher of the 20th century.
 He was a son of Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan and older brother of Khan Abdul Wali Khan.
