Stavanger (] ) is a city and municipality in Norway.
 The city is the third-largest urban zone and metropolitan area in Norway (through conurbation with neighbouring Sandnes) and the administrative centre of Rogaland county.
 The municipality is the fourth most populous in Norway.
 Located on the Stavanger Peninsula in Southwest Norway, Stavanger counts its official founding year as 1125, the year the Stavanger Cathedral was completed.
 Stavangers core is to a large degree 18th- and 19th-century wooden houses that are protected and considered part of the city's cultural heritage.
 This has caused the town centre and inner city to retain a small-town character with an unusually high ratio of detached houses, and has contributed significantly to spreading the city's population growth to outlying parts of Greater Stavanger.
Diocesan Native Female Training School (DNFTS, ) was a school under the Anglican Church of Hong Kong in the 19th century, founded in 1860 and closed down in 1868.
 Its premises now belong to today's Bonham Road Government Primary School().
 In 1869, another institution called Diocesan Home and Orphanage (DHO, later renamed Diocesan School and Orphanage, and now known as Diocesan Boys' School) was founded in the same place.
 Due to the obvious differences in founding groups, vision of education, personnel arrangement and students’ background, DNFTS has been regarded only as a forerunner, and called ‘the First Foundation’ by DHO and later DBS.
 Using 1869 as its founding year, DBS calls itself ‘the Second Foundation’.
 As for Diocesan Girls' School, founded in Rose Villas near DSO in 1899, it claims to be the successor of DNFTS and traces the founding year back to 1860.
Louaize Club is the basketball department of Notre Dame University – Louaize , a university basketball club basked in Zouk Mosbeh.
 The club was established in the founding year of 1978 and is currently participating in the 2016 Lebanese Basketball League.
The Symphony of Southeast Texas is an American orchestra based in Beaumont, Texas.
 The orchestra, formerly known as the "Beaumont Symphony Orchestra", officially started in 1953; however, the impetus can be traced back as early as 1923 with the formation of the Beaumont Music Commission.
 The 2015-16 season is the sixty-third consecutive season since the founding year.
 The symphony's home theater is the Julie Rogers Theater in downtown Beaumont.
 The symphony lists over eighty musicians in the orchestra as of 2015.
Muscular Dystrophy Canada (MDC) (French: Dystrophie musculaire Canada ) is a non-profit organization that strives to find a cure for neuromuscular disorders.
 Founded in 1954 as Muscular Dystrophy Association of Canada, volunteers and staff nationwide have helped to provide support and resources to those affected.
 Since the founding year, over $64 million has been put towards research via collaborations, fundraising events, and donations.
Karaj Payam Noor University is located in Karaj, Iran, and has two campuses.
 The main campus is located in Gohardasht, and another campus is located on Ghalamestan Street.
 The university was founded in 2000-01.
 In the school's founding year, 70 students were admitted for their BS in accounting.
 The university now offers 52 courses at BS, BA, BE, MS, and MBA levels and has over 15,000 students.
The Swan 43 was designed by Olin Stephens and built by Nautor's Swan and was one of the initial two models launched in the companies founding year alongside the Swan 36.
The Durango Herald is a newspaper in Durango, Colorado.
 The first edition of the "Herald" came out June 30, 1881.
 Two years later, the "Herald" merged with the Record, which had started publishing in 1880, seven months before the "Herald".
 The modern "Herald" traces its roots to both papers but the current "Herald" nameplate cites 1881 as the paper's founding year.
 The paper combined in 1952 after Arthur and Morley Cowles Ballantine purchased the "Herald-Democrat" and the "News".
 In 1960, the name was changed to "The Durango Herald".
Skultuna Messingsbruk is a Swedish company founded in 1607 at the bequest of King Karl IX.
 Skultuna Messingsbruk is located in Skultuna on the outskirts of Västerås.
 The logotype of Skultuna consists of the closed royal crown, the name "Skultuna" and the founding year "1607".
Gufo Temple () is located on the bank of Qingshui River, Jingangku, Shanxi province, China and is the first temple to see if entering the Mount Wutai area from the south route.
 According to Mount Wutai's history, there are only records of the renovation of this temple, but nothing concerning its founding year.
 Thus, it is speculated "Old Buddha exists before the beginning of the world.
 Gufo Temple (Old Buddha Temple) exists before Mount Wutai."
