World War I (also known as the First World War and the Great War) was a global military conflict that embroiled most of the world's great powers, assembled in two opposing alliances: the Entente and the Central Powers.
 The immediate cause of the war was the June 28, 1914 assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, by Gavrilo Princip, a Bosnian Serb citizen of Austria–Hungary and member of the Black Hand.
 The retaliation by Austria–Hungary against Serbia activated a series of alliances that set off a chain reaction of war declarations.
 Within a month, much of Europe was in a state of open warfare, resulting in the mobilization of more than 65 million European soldiers, and more than 40 million casualties—including approximately 20 million deaths by the end of the war.
The Vienna Socialist Conference of 1915 gathered representatives from the Socialist parties of Germany, Austria and Hungary to the only meeting of the pro-war socialist parties of the Central Powers during World War I.
The Zimmerwald Conference was held in Zimmerwald, Switzerland, from 5 to 8 September 1915.
 It was the first of three international socialist conferences convened by anti-militarist socialist parties from countries that were originally neutral during World War I.
 The individuals and organizations participating in this and subsequent conferences held at Kienthal and Stockholm are known jointly as the Zimmerwald movement.
Naval Warfare in World War I was mainly characterized by the efforts of the Allied Powers, with their larger fleets and surrounding position, to blockade the Central Powers by sea, and the efforts of the Central Powers to break that blockade or to establish an effective blockade of the United Kingdom and France with submarines and raiders.
The Allies of World War I, or Entente Powers, were the countries that opposed the Central Powers in the First World War.
Medina, an Islamic holy city in Arabia, underwent a long siege during World War I.
 Medina was at the time part of the Ottoman Empire.
 In the war, the Ottoman Empire sided with the Central Powers.
 Sharif Hussain of Mecca revolted against the caliph and the Ottoman Empire which, under the leadership of the nationalistic Young Turks, had ignored the wishes of the Caliph and sided with the Central Powers.
 Hussain instead sided with the British Empire.
 T. E. Lawrence was instrumental in this revolt.
 Hussain occupied Mecca and besieged Medina.
 It was one of the longest sieges in history that lasted till even after the end of war.
 Fahreddin Pasha was the defender of Medina.
 Some celebrated him as ""the Lion of the Desert"" despite the suffering of those who remained in Medina.
 The siege lasted two years and seven months.
The Diplomatic history of World War I covers the non-military interactions among the major players during World War I.
 For the domestic histories see Home front during World War I.
 For a longer-term perspective see International relations of the Great Powers (1814–1919) and Causes of World War I.
 For the following era see International relations (1919–1939).
 The major players included Great Britain, France, Russia, and Italy (1915) ]] and the United States (1917).
 The major Central Powers included Germany and the Austria-Hungary, and the Ottoman Empire (Turkey).
 Other countries—and their colonies—were also involved.
 For a detailed chronology see Timeline of World War I.
The leaders of the Central Powers of World War I were the political or military figures who commanded or supported the Central Powers during World War I.
World War I reparations were compensation imposed during the Paris Peace Conference upon the Central Powers following their defeat in the First World War by the Allied and Associate Powers.
 Each of the defeated powers was required to make payments in either cash or kind.
 Because of the financial situation Austria, Hungary, and Turkey found themselves in after the war, few to no reparations were paid and the requirements for reparations were cancelled.
 Bulgaria, having paid only a fraction of what was required, saw its reparation figure reduced and then cancelled.
 Historians have recognised the German requirement to pay reparations as the "chief battleground of the post-war era" and "the focus of the power struggle between France and Germany over whether the Versailles Treaty was to be enforced or revised".
The Ukrainian War of Independence was a period of sustained warlike conflict between different political and military forces, lasting from 1917 to 1921, which resulted in the establishment and development of a Ukrainian republic, later a part of the Soviet Union as the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic.
 It consisted of a series of military conflicts between different governmental, political and military forces, among them Ukrainian nationalists, anarchists, Bolsheviks, the Central Powers forces of Germany and Austria-Hungary, the White Russian Volunteer Army, and Second Polish Republic forces for control of Ukraine after the February Revolution in the Russian Empire.
 Also involved were the Allied forces of Romania and France.
 The struggle lasted from February 1917 to November 1921 and resulted in the division of Ukraine between the Bolshevik Ukrainian SSR, Poland, Romania, and Czechoslovakia.
 The conflict is frequently viewed within the framework of the Russian Civil War as well as the closing stage of the Eastern Front of the First World War.
