The Covered Hippodrome (Greek: ) was a covered courtyard that served as an antechamber to the Great Palace of Constantinople.
 The French scholar Rodolphe Guilland also equated it with the emperors' private hippodrome.
 It lay on the southeastern corner of the palace complex, and connected the Palace of Daphne in the north with the later lower palace complex around Bucoleon in the south, through the gate of Skyla.
 It played a great role in imperial ceremonies, and is not to be confused with the far larger adjacent Hippodrome of Constantinople, which in Byzantine sources was often distinguished as the "uncovered" (ἀσκέπαστος ) Hippodrome.
 From the 9th to the 11th centuries, it was also the site of one of the Byzantine capital's highest courts, the tribunals of the "judges of the Hippodrome" (κριταὶ τοῦ ἱπποδρόμου ) and of the "judges of the "velum"" (κριταὶ τοῦ βήλου ).
Haji Alakbar Mosque (Azerbaijani: "Hacı Ələkbər məscidi" ) is an Azerbaijani mosque located in Fizuli, Karabakh region of Azerbaijan southwest of capital Baku but is currently under control of Armenian forces since the occupation of Fizuli in 1993.
 The mosque is also spelt as Haji Alekber Mosque.
 The region of Fizuli came into existence as administrative unit in 1827.
 The Haji Alakbar mosque was constructed in 1890 by renowned architect of the time Karbalayi Safikhan Karabakhi who also built Yukhari Govhar Agha Mosque and Ashaghi Govhar Agha Mosque in Shusha, Agdam Mosque in Agdam, mosques in Horadiz and Qocahmadli villages, Tatar mosque in Odessa, Ukraine and Qababaghlilar Mosque in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
 This monument of Islamic architecture is among 300 religious monuments of Karabakh and is famous for its structure along with Qiyas ad Din Mosque, also located in Fizuli.
 The current condition of the mosque is unknown due to ongoing occupation of Fizuli by Armenian armed forces.
 It is suspected that the mosques were destroyed by Armenians after 1993.
Gül Mosque (Turkish: "Gül Camii" , meaning: "The Mosque of the Rose" in English) is a former Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul, Turkey, converted into a mosque by the Ottomans.
On 22 June 1954 The foundation stone of this great mosque was laid in a religious customs.
 That day fell on the birth day of Ali al-Ridha, eighth Imam of shia.
 The construction of it was ended in 1961.
 Azam mosque had been built basis on the Islamic architecture.
 This mosque made of four prayer halls and three towering balconies.
 The diameter of the large dome of the mosque is 30 metres and its height above the roof of the mosque is 15 metres and 35 metres from the basement of the mosque.
 The minarets of the mosque has 25 metres length above the roof of the mosque and 45 metres from the basement of the mosque.
 The upper part of the minarets is 5 metres .
 It has special section and used to call to prayers (A'zaan).
 A towering clock tower with a big clock is located in the north of the mosque and this tower can be seen from all the four sides of the mosque.
The Palace of Antiochos (Greek: ) was an early 5th-century palace in the Byzantine capital, Constantinople (modern Istanbul, Turkey).
 It has been identified with a palatial structure excavated in the 1940s and 1950s close to the Hippodrome of Constantinople, some of whose remains are still visible today.
 In the 7th century, a part of the palace was converted into the church–more properly a "martyrion", a martyr's shrine–of St Euphemia in the Hippodrome (Ἀγία Εὐφημία ἐν τῷ Ἱπποδρομίῳ , "Hagia Euphēmia en tō Hippodromiō"), which survived until the Palaiologan period.
The Odalar Mosque (Turkish: "Odalar Câmîi" , meaning "the mosque of the barracks" after the nearby accommodations of the married Jannisaries established in this quarter in the 18th century.
 Also: "Kemankeş Mustafa Paşa Câmîi") was an Ottoman mosque in Istanbul.
 The building was originally a Byzantine-era Eastern Orthodox church of unknown dedication.
 In 1475, after the Fall of Constantinople (1453), it became a Roman Catholic church, dedicated to Saint Mary of Constantinople, until finally it was converted into a mosque by the Ottomans in 1640.
 The mosque was destroyed by fire in 1919, and since then has fallen into ruin.
 As of 2011, only some walls remain, hidden among modern buildings.
Hippodrome de Pantin was a permanent circus-style tent venue located in the Parc de la Villette near the Porte de Pantin Métro stop in north-eastern Paris.
 It was constructed in 1974 as the Paris home of the Jean Richard Circus, and in that period, was known as the Nouvel Hippodrome de Paris.
 The Hippodrome featured a faux neo-classical front and a yellow and blue big-top canopy.
 It could seat approximately 3,500 people.
 In 1980 subsequent to the closing of the nearby Pavillon de Paris, the Hippodrome also hosted numerous musical performances, especially touring rock bands.
 In 1982, the Jean Richard Circus ceased operations, and the Hippodrome was demolished in order to be replaced on the same site by a larger, concert-specific space.
 The new concert venue, Le Zénith, opened in 1983.
The Hippodrome Theater is located in Richmond, Virginia.
 It is situated in the historical African-American neighborhood of Jackson Ward, which was referred to as “The Harlem of the South” during the 1920s.
 The Hippodrome Theater was originally opened as a vaudeville and movie theater and was a stop on the "chitlin' circuit" of places considered safe and acceptable for African American entertainers in the era of racial segregation in the United States.
 Today, The Hippodrome Theater has been restored to a fully functioning performance venue in hopes of reclaiming its prominent role in African-American cultural history.
Proculus (died in Constantinople, November 16, 393) or Proklos (Greek: Πρόκλος ) was Eparch of Constantinople during the reign of Theodosius the Great (r. 379-395.
 An epigram on the pedestal of an obelisk at the hippodrome of Constantinople records his success in setting the obelisk upright.
 A Latin translation of the epigram by Hugo Grotius is given by Fabricius.
Ayakapı (Turkish: ""The Gate of the Saint", "The holy gate"" ) (the toponym comes from the Turkish word "Aya", derived from pronunciation of the Greek word ἁγἰα, mean.
 "female Saint" and the Turkish word "kapı", mean.
 "gate") is a quarter of Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is part of the district of Fatih, inside the walled city, and lies on the shore of the Golden Horn.
 During the Byzantine era, it was named ta Dexiokratiana or ta Dexiokratous in Greek, after the houses owned here by a certain Dexiokrates.
 Its modern name comes from a church dedicated to Saint Theodosia which, according to Petrus Gillius, stood near the gate.
 In Ayakapı lies one of the most important surviving Byzantine buildings of the historical peninsula, the Gül Mosque.
 Moreover, in 1582 the Ottoman architect Sinan built here a Turkish bath, the Ayakapı Hamamı.
 This structure is currently used as a storage for timber.
