Central City is a home rule-class city in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, in the United States.
 The population was 5,978 at the 2010 census.
 It is also the largest city in the county and the principal community in the Central City Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Muhlenberg County.
Grayson is a home rule-class city in and the county seat of Carter County, Kentucky, United States, in the state's northeastern region.
 The population was 4,217 at the 2010 census.
 Along with Carter County, the city is closely associated with the nearby Huntington-Ashland, WV-KY-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area being just 9 miles west of the M.S.A's western boundary.
 The city has grown in size substantially since the opening of Interstate 64 in 1975 through Carter County.
 Immediately afterwards, Grayson experienced several years of commercial sector growth to serve the Interstate 64 traffic.
 Since 1990, the city has also seen significant growth in the residential sector with the Interstate making for a faster trip to and from Ashland.
 Beginning in 1995, AA Highway terminates in Grayson making the city a gateway to the Huntington-Ashland urban area.
Meadowbrook Farm is a neighborhood of Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
 It is separately incorporated as a home rule-class city.
 The population was 146 at the year 2000 U.S. census.
Poplar Hills is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
 A part of the Louisville Metro government, it is Kentucky's only city with a majority African-American population.
 The population was 396 at the 2000 census.
 It currently has the highest population density for any city in Kentucky, and is the only Kentucky city that is on the highest population densities of American cities list.
 It currently ranks 19th on the list, and has the second-lowest population for any city on that list.
 It is tied with Mobile City, Texas as the smallest city by total area on the list.
Moorland is a neighborhood of Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
 It is separately incorporated as a home rule-class city.
 The population was 464 at the time of the year 2000 U.S. census.
Corbin is a home rule-class city in Whitley and Knox counties in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky.
 The urbanized area around Corbin extends into Laurel County; this area is not incorporated into the city limits due to a state law prohibiting cities from being in more than two counties.
 However, this area is served by some of the city's public services.
 As of the 2010 census, the city population was 7,304, with 21,132 living in the "urban cluster" that includes Corbin and North Corbin.
Jeffersontown is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
 The population was 26,595 at the 2010 U.S. census.
Middletown is an independent, home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States, and a former neighborhood of Louisville.
 The population was 7,218 at the 2010 census.
Hickman is a city in and the county seat of Fulton County, Kentucky, United States.
 Located on the Mississippi River, the city had a population of 2,395 at the 2010 U.S. census and is classified as a home rule-class city.
 Hickman is part of the Union City micropolitan area.
Plainview is a neighborhood in the city of Jeffersontown, Kentucky and is located on the former site of the Plainview Dairy Farm.
 It is a Planned Unit Development which includes housing, workplaces, and shopping within a single development.
