The Noynoy-Binay campaign or NoyBi began when Senator Francis Escudero endorsed the candidates Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III and Jejomar Binay as President and Vice President respectively.
 This was done without the consent of the two candidates, especially since Escudero, Binay, and Aquino all come from different political parties.
 Aquino had Manuel "Mar" Roxas II as his running mate for Vice President, while Binay was the Vice Presidential candidate of Joseph Estrada, who was aiming to be elected president for a second time.
 The campaign was nonetheless successful as Aquino and Binay were elected as President and Vice President of the Philippines.
Willie Mae Reid is an African-American politician who ran as the Socialist Workers Party candidate for Mayor of Chicago in 1975, winning 16,693 votes but coming in third place against Richard J. Daley.
 The number had fallen from the number of signatures she'd acquired to get on the ballot, 66,000.
 She also ran as their vice presidential candidate in 1976 (Presidential candidate: Peter Camejo) and 1992 (Presidential candidate: James "Mac" Warren), winning 91,314 votes.
Brian Rohrbough (c. 1961) was the 2008 vice presidential candidate of America's Independent Party in the 2008 United States presidential election, running on the ticket with presidential candidate Alan Keyes.
Mahamudu Bawumia (born 7 October 1963) is a Ghanaian economist and banker and the current Vice President of Ghana.
 He assumed office on 7 January 2017.
 He was a Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana until his nomination as the vice presidential candidate of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) in 2008, standing alongside presidential candidate Nana Akufo-Addo.
 He also ran as the NPP vice-presidential candidate in the 2012 general elections and was the lead witness for the petitioners in the 2012/2013 Presidential Election Petition which challenged the declaration of John Mahama as winner of the election.
 He is married to Samira Ramadan and has four children.
A running mate is a person running together with another person on a joint ticket during an election.
 The term is most often used in reference to the person in the subordinate position (such as the vice presidential candidate running with a presidential candidate) but can also properly be used when referring to both candidates, such as by saying Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla, and Uhuru Kenyatta and William Ruto, were running mates in relation to the most recent presidential elections held in Indonesia and Kenya respectively.
In United States presidential elections, an unpledged elector is a person nominated to stand as an elector but who has not pledged to support any particular presidential or vice presidential candidate, and is free to vote for any candidate when elected a member of the Electoral College.
 Presidential elections are indirect, with voters in each state choosing electors on Election Day in November, and these electors choosing the President of the United States and Vice President of the United States in December.
 Electors today are elected in every state by popular vote, and in practice have since the 19th century almost always agreed in advance to vote for a particular candidate — that is, they are said to have been "pledged" to that candidate.
 In the 20th century, however, several elections were contested by unpledged electors, who made no pledge to any candidate before the election.
 These anomalies largely arose over fissures within the Democratic Party over the issues of civil rights and segregation.
 No serious general election campaign has been mounted to elect unpledged electors in any state since 1964.
Matilde Zimmermann (born September 6, 1943) is an American author and professor who ran as the Socialist Workers Party candidate for United States Vice President in 1980.
 The party had three different Presidential candidates that year, Andrew Pulley, Richard H. Congress and Clifton DeBerry depending on the state.
 She was at the time a writer for the party newspaper "The Militant".
 Zimmermann also ran as an alternate vice presidential candidate for Andrea Gonzales in some states in 1984; Melvin T. Mason was the presidential candidate.
Alhaji Samuel Sidique Sam-Sumana (born April 7, 1962) was a Sierra Leonean politician who was the Vice President of Sierra Leone from September 17, 2007 to March 17, 2015.
 Sam-Sumana stood as the vice-presidential candidate of the All People's Congress (APC) in the 2007 presidential election, alongside presidential candidate Ernest Bai Koroma.
 The APC ticket defeated the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) presidential candidate Solomon Berewa and vice presidential candidate Momodou Koroma.
 Sam-Sumana took office as Vice President on September 17, 2007.
Game Change: Obama and the Clintons, McCain and Palin, and the Race of a Lifetime is a book by political journalists John Heilemann and Mark Halperin about the 2008 United States presidential election.
 Released on January 11, 2010, it was also published in the United Kingdom under the title Race of a Lifetime: How Obama Won the White House.
 The book is based on interviews with more than 300 people involved in the campaign.
 It discusses factors including Democratic Party presidential candidate John Edwards' extramarital affair, the relationship between Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama and his vice presidential running mate Joe Biden, the failure of Republican Party candidate Rudy Giuliani's presidential campaign and Sarah Palin's vice presidential candidacy.
Louis Fisher (March 20, 1913 – November 28, 2001) was the Socialist Labor Party of America candidate for United States President in the 1972 Presidential election and he was "the party's top vote-getting presidential candidate."
 His vice presidential candidate was Genevieve Gunderson.
