The gray bat ("Myotis grisescens") once flourished in caves all over the southeastern United States, but due to human disturbance, gray bat populations declined severely during the early and mid portion of the 20th century.
 At one cave alone, the Georgetown Cave in northwestern Alabama, populations declined from 150,000 gray bats to 10,000 by 1969.
 "M. grisescens" has been listed as federally endangered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service since 1976, and is protected under the Endangered Species Act.
 Gray bat populations were estimated at approximately 2 million bats around the time they were placed on the Endangered Species list.
 By the early 1980s populations of gray bats dropped to 1.6 million.
 With conservation efforts in place, in 2002, gray bat populations were estimated to have reached 2.3 million.
Macrotus is a genus of bats in the Neotropical family Phyllostomidae.
 This genus contains two species, "Macrotus californicus" commonly known as California Leaf-nosed Bat and "Macrotus waterhousii" commonly known as Mexican or Waterhouse's Leaf-nosed Bat.
 The range of this family includes the warmer parts of the southwestern United States, Mexico, Central and South America, and the Bahama Islands.
 Characteristic for the genus are large ears and the name giving triangular skin flap above the nose, the "leaf".
 The California Leaf-nosed Bat inhabits the arid deserts of the southwestern United States as far north as Nevada, south to Baja California and Sonora, Mexico.
 The California Leaf-nosed Bat is of medium size, with a total length between 9 and 11 cm Its most distinctive features are the large ears, connected across the forehead.
 The body is pale grayish brown dorsally with whitish under parts.
 The pelage (fur) on the body is silky, the hairs on the back about 8 mm, on the front about 6 mm long.
 The posterior base of the ears are covered with hair of a woolly texture while the interior surface and most of the anterior border shows scattered long hairs.
 The flight membranes are thin and delicate; the wings are broad and the tail is slightly shorter that the long hind limbs and extends several millimeters beyond the uropatagium (see Bat).
 "Macrotus waterhousii" is also a big eared Bat which has ranges from Sonora to Hidalgo Mexico, south to Guatemala and the Greater Antilles (excluding Puerto Rico) and Bahamas.
 This species roosts primarily in caves, but also in mines and buildings.
 This species is also insectivorous (see insectivore), primarily consuming insects of the order Lepidoptera and Orthoptera.
 The mating and parturition times of M. "waterhousii" vary from island to island with 4–5 months gestation.
The large-eared slit-faced bat, "Nycteris macrotis", is a species of slit-faced bat which lives in forests and savannas throughout Africa. "
Nycteris vinsoni" was once considered a synonym of "N. macrotis", but it became recognized as a separate species in 2004.
 Some, however, still consider "N. vinsoni" to be a subspecies of "N. macrotis", and consider "N. macrotis" a species complex.
The Purdy Islands (or Mwilitau Islands) are an uninhabited island group in the Bismarck Sea, belonging to Papua New Guinea.
 The Purdy Islands, Mole, Mouse, Rat, plus Bat and Alim (or North Bat and South Bat), form part of the Admiralty Islands group, in Manus Province.
The Kahuna is a range of bats made by Kookaburra Sport and is the company's sole premier bat line.
 The Kahuna Icon faced controversy in early 2006 when there was a dispute over whether the graphite backing of the bat would increase its performance to an unfair level, as compared to even other bats such as the Kookaburra Beast, to which it is often compared.
 This led to the Marylebone Cricket Club, the copyright holder to the laws of cricket, ruling the bat ineligible for use in international test matches.
 Its use is still permitted in all other forms of cricket, making it a bat which dominates the vast majority of others.
Bat and trap is an English bat-and-ball pub game.
 It is still played in Kent, and occasionally in Brighton.
 By the late 20th century it was usually only played on Good Friday in Brighton, on the park called The Level, which has an adjacent pub called The Bat and Ball, whose sign depicts the game.
 Brighton & Hove City Council plans to start a Bat and Trap club based at The Level in 2013, as part of the Activities Plan associated with a £2.2m Heritage Lottery Fund and Big Lottery Fund-funded restoration of the park.
"Leather-Winged Bat" is a well-known English folk song about a collection of "birds".
 The song's most used cast members are usually bat, a wood pecker, a blue bird, owl and turtle dove.
 However, depending on the artist, the song can have different creatures.
 Such as Peter, Paul and Mary's 1969 version which has a bat, a black bird, wood pecker, turtle dove, and a blue jay.
 Each "bird" has something to say about love and courtship in some sort of rhyming manner.
 It was recorded by Burl Ives on 31 January 1941 and released in August 1941 on the album "Okeh Presents the Wayfaring Stranger".
 It has also been recorded by Pete Seeger, The Duhks, Bill Staines, Spider John Koerner, Peter, Paul and Mary, Kitty White, Nettles, Vicki Neville, Kim Milai, Anne Price and Warren Fremling.
The Seminole bat ("Lasiurus seminolus") is a species of bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
 A common feature of the family Vespertilionidae is a tail that is located completely within the uropatagium (the membrane located between the hind limbs in bats).
 In Seminole bats, and other members of the "Lasiurus" genus, the upper surface of this membrane is covered in fur.
A basic table tennis racket (has notions of being called a "paddle" or "bat") is used by table tennis players.
 The table tennis racket is usually made from laminated wood covered with rubber on one or two sides depending on the player's grip.
 Unlike a conventional "racket", it does not include strings strung across an open frame.
 The USA generally uses the term "paddle" while Europeans and Asians use the term "bat" and the official ITTF term is "racket".
The Seychelles sheath-tailed bat ("Coleura seychellensis") is a sac-winged bat.
 It occurs in the central granitic islands of the Seychelles.
 It is an insectivorous bat, feeding primarily in forest clearings at night and roosting in communal roosts by day.
 Although previously abundant across the island group, it now only occurs on three islands.
 Its numbers have been declining to such an extent that the International Union for Conservation of Nature has listed it as being "critically endangered".
 It seems that increase in the cultivation of coconut palms in plantations, and the introduction of alien plant species, has reduced the availability of insect food.
