Government Postgraduate College Jhang is located in Jhang, Pakistan.
 The college is affiliated with the University of the Punjab.
 It was established in 1926.
 The College has produced Nobel Prize winner.
 Abdus Salam (Nobel laureate in Physics) and Dr.Hargobind Khurrana (Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine) studied in Govt College Jhang.
 Urdu Poet Majeed Amjad and Poet, writer and critic of Urdu language Wazir Agha studied there.
 The College staff consists of 160 professors.
 Renowned Orthopaedic surgeon Dr. Irfan Ali Shujah and internationally recognized environmental analyst Noor Ahmed also graduated from this college.
David James Thouless {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( , born 21 September 1934) is a British condensed-matter physicist.
 He is a winner of the Wolf Prize and laureate of the 2016 Nobel Prize for physics along with F. Duncan M. Haldane and J. Michael Kosterlitz for theoretical discoveries of topological phase transitions and topological phases of matter.
 In 2016, Thouless was reported to be suffering from dementia.
This is a list of Danish Nobel laureates.
 Since the Nobel Prize was established per the will of Swedish inventor Alfred Nobel in 1895, 12 of the prize winners have been from Denmark.
 The first Danish Nobel laureate was Niels Ryberg Finsen, who won a Nobel Prize for medicine in 1903 for his work in using light therapy to treat diseases.
 The most recent Danish Nobel Prize winner was Jens Skou who won the prize in chemistry for his discovery over the enzyme, Na+/K+-ATPase in 1997.
 To date, of the 13 Nobel Prizes won by Danish people, 5 have been for medicine, 3 have been for physics, 3 have been for literature, 1 has been for chemistry and one has been for peace.
The Wolf Prize in Agriculture is awarded once a year by the Wolf Foundation in Israel.
 It is one of the six Wolf Prizes established by the Foundation and awarded since 1978; the others are in Chemistry, Mathematics, Medicine, Physics and the Arts.
 The Prize is sometimes considered the equivalent of a "Nobel Prize in Agriculture", though the same description is also given to the World Food Prize.
The Wolf Prize in Mathematics is awarded almost annually by the Wolf Foundation in Israel.
 It is one of the six Wolf Prizes established by the Foundation and awarded since 1978; the others are in Agriculture, Chemistry, Medicine, Physics and Arts.
 Until the establishment of the Abel Prize, the Prize was probably the closest equivalent of a "Nobel Prize in Mathematics", since the Fields Medal is awarded every four years only to mathematicians under the age of 40.
Eötvös Loránd University (Hungarian: "Eötvös Loránd Tudományegyetem" , ELTE) is a Hungarian public research university based in Budapest.
 Founded in 1635, ELTE is one of the largest and most prestigious public higher education institutions in Hungary.
 The 28,000 students at ELTE are organized into eight faculties, and into research institutes located throughout Budapest and on the scenic banks of the Danube.
 ELTE is affiliated with 5 Nobel laureates, as well as winners of the Wolf Prize, Fulkerson Prize and Abel Prize, the latest of which was Abel Prize winner Endre Szemerédi in 2012.
William Spencer Vickrey (21 June 1914 – 11 October 1996) was a Canadian-born professor of economics and Nobel Laureate.
 Vickrey was awarded the 1996 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with James Mirrlees for their research into the economic theory of incentives under asymmetric information, becoming the only Nobel laureate born in British Columbia.
The Stockholm Memorandum is a document signed in May 2011 by many Nobel Laureates based on the verdict from the trial of humanity, which opened the 3rd Nobel Laureate Symposium.
 The jury of Nobel laureates concluded that Earth has entered a new geological age, which it calls the Anthropocene, in which humans are the most significant driver of global climate change, and in which human collective actions could have abrupt and irreversible consequences for human communities and ecological systems.
 The memorandum was signed by 20 winner of the Nobel Prize winners or the Sveriges Riksbank Prize for Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel (six in Chemistry, five in Physics, three in Physiology or Medicine, one in Literature, one Peace Prize winner and four in Economic Sciences) was submitted to the United Nations High Level Panel on global sustainability.
Paul Delos Boyer (born July 31, 1918) is an American biochemist, analytical chemist, and a professor of chemistry at University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) .
 He shared the 1997 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for research on the "enzymatic mechanism underlying the biosynthesis of adenosine triphosphate (ATP)" (ATP synthase) with John E. Walker, making Boyer the only Utah-born Nobel laureate; the remainder of the Prize in that year was awarded to Danish chemist Jens Christian Skou for his discovery of the Na+/K+-ATPase.
 He is the oldest living Nobel laureate at age 99 .
François Baron Englert (] ; born 6 November 1932) is a Belgian theoretical physicist and 2013 Nobel prize laureate (shared with Peter Higgs).
 He is Professor emeritus at the Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB) where he is member of the Service de Physique Théorique.
 He is also a Sackler Professor by Special Appointment in the School of Physics and Astronomy at Tel Aviv University and a member of the Institute for Quantum Studies at Chapman University in California.
 He was awarded the 2010 J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics (with Gerry Guralnik, C. R. Hagen, Tom Kibble, Peter Higgs, and Robert Brout), the Wolf Prize in Physics in 2004 (with Brout and Higgs) and the High Energy and Particle Prize of the European Physical Society (with Brout and Higgs) in 1997 for the mechanism which unifies short and long range interactions by generating massive gauge vector bosons.
 He has made contributions in statistical physics, quantum field theory, cosmology, string theory and supergravity.
 He is the recipient of the 2013 Prince of Asturias Award in technical and scientific research, together with Peter Higgs and the CERN.
