"Aikatsu Stars!
" is a Japanese anime television series produced by BN Pictures, and the successor to the original "Aikatsu!
" anime series based on Bandai's Data Carddass arcade machines.
 The story follows a girl named Yume Nijino who enrolls at Yotsuboshi Gakuen (Four Star Academy) in order to become a top idol and join the popular group S4 which she admires.
 The series began airing on TV Tokyo from April 7, 2016, succeeding the original "Aikatsu!"
 anime series in its initial timeslot.
 For the first 25 episodes, the opening theme is "Start Line!"
 (スタートライン!
 , Sutāto Rain! )
 by Sena and Rie from AIKATSU☆STARS!
, while the ending theme is "episode Solo" by Ruka, Nanase, Kana, and Miho from AIKATSU☆STARS!
.
 From episode 26 onwards, the opening theme is "1, 2, Sing For you!"
 by Sena, Rie, Miki and Kana.
 From episode 34 till episode 50 the opening theme is "STAR JET!"
 (スタージェット！Sutā Jetto!)
 by Sena, Rie, Kana and Miki.
 The ending theme from episode 26 till episode 50 is "So Beautiful Story" by Ruka and Sena.
"Melody of Eyes (Hitomi no Melody)" is the third Japanese single by the South Korean boy band Boyfriend.
 It was released on March 27 in 4 different editions.
 "Hitomi no Melody" was the 44th ending theme song of long time Japanese anime series "Detective Conan" and TO MOON was used as the ending theme song of Boyfriend's TV show in Japan entitled, Tokyo Etoile Academy of Music last January and February 2013.
Tantei Opera Milky Holmes is a Japanese anime series produced by J.C. Staff, based on the media franchise created by Bushiroad.
 In a world where detectives and thieves battle against each other using supernatural abilities known as Toys, the story follows Sherlock Shellingford, Nero Yuzurizaki, Hercule Barton and Cordelia Glauca, a group of young detectives who suddenly lose their Toys and have to earn them back to avoid expulsion from Holmes Detective Academy.
 The first series aired in Japan on Tokyo MX between October 7, 2010 and December 23, 2010, and was also streamed on Crunchyroll.
 This was followed by a Summer Special episode which aired on August 26, 2011.
 A second anime series, "Tantei Opera Milky Holmes: Act 2", aired in Japan between January 5, 2012 and March 22, 2012.
 A second TV special aired on August 25, 2012.
 For the first season, the opening theme is "The Answer Is One!
 Not!!"
 (正解はひとつ!じゃない!!
 , Seikai wa Hitotsu!
 Janai!! )
 by Milky Holmes (Suzuko Mimori, Sora Tokui, Mikoi Sasaki and Izumi Kitta), whilst the ending theme is "Instinct Doubt" (本能のDOUBT , Honnou no DOUBT ) by Faylan.
 The ending theme for the TV special is "Party Party!"
 (パーティーパーティー!
 , Pātī Pātī! )
 by Milky Holmes.
 For the second season, the opening theme is "Mystery!
 Mystery?
 Happiness!!"
 (ナゾ!ナゾ?Happiness!!
 , Nazo!
 Nazo?
 Happiness!! )
 by Milky Holmes whilst the ending theme is "Lovely Girls Anthem" by Natsuko Aso.
 The ending theme for the second TV special is "A Place For You And Me" (キミのなかのワタシ , Kimi no Naka no Watashi ) by Milky Holmes with SV Tribe.
 A third season, "Futari wa Milky Holmes", aired between July 13, 2013 and September 28, 2013, focusing on a pair of detectives named Alice and Kazumi who face up against a thief unit known as Color the Phantom.
 The opening theme is "Glory Glowing☆Days" (ぐろーりーぐろーいん☆DAYS , Gurōri Gurōin Deizu ) by Milky Holmes whilst the ending theme is "Seishun Beginner!"
 (セイシュンビギナー!
 , Seishun Biginā! )
 by Ayasa Itō and Aimi Terakawa.
 With the exception of "Alternative" and "Futari wa", each episode is named after a piece of famous detective fiction.
The following is a list of episodes for the Japanese anime series "Ergo Proxy".
 "Ergo Proxy" was produced by Manglobe Inc. and directed by Shukou Murase.
 It began broadcasting in Japan on February 25, 2006, on WOWOW.
 The English version the anime is licensed by Geneon Entertainment.
 "Ergo Proxy" was a DVD-only series, until syndication of the series on the Fuse channel began on June 9, 2007 at 12:30 a.m.
 The series' opening theme song is "Kiri" by rock group Monoral, and is first shown in episode 3.
 The ending theme song is "Paranoid Android", a well-known song by English alternative rock band Radiohead.
 Another ending is on the Hulu version.
"One-Punch Man" is a Japanese anime series based on the webcomic created by One and its subsequent manga adaptation illustrated by Yusuke Murata.
 Set in Z City, the story focuses on Saitama, a superhero who has grown bored as he has become so powerful that all of his battles end in a single punch.
 The series was directed by Shingo Natsume at Madhouse and was written by Tomohiro Suzuki.
 The series also features character design by Chikashi Kubota, who also served as chief animation director, and music by Makoto Miyazaki.
 The series aired in Japan between October 5, 2015 and December 21, 2015 and was simulcast by Daisuki and Hulu.
 The opening theme song is by JAM Project, and the ending theme is by Hiroko Moriguchi.
 The ending theme for episode 12 is "Kanashimi-tachi o Dakishimete" (悲しみたちを抱きしめて , "Hug Those Who Are Feeling Sad" ) by Moriguchi.
 An original video animation was released with the tenth manga volume on December 4, 2015.
 Additional OVAs are included in Blu-ray Disc & DVD volumes of the series, which begin release from December 24, 2015.
 The ending theme for the OVAs is "Saitama no WanPan Ondo" (サイタマのワンパン音頭 , "Saitama's One-Punch Song" ) , performed by Makoto Furukawa.
 The series is licensed in North America by Viz Media, who also streamed the series on its Neon Alley service, and in the United Kingdom by Kaze UK.
 On television, the series began airing on Adult Swim's Toonami block on July 16, 2016.
 The first season of the anime received critical acclaim, praised for its animation quality, visuals and the overall story itself.
"Lupin, l'incorreggibile Lupin" is a theme song written by Alessandra Valeri Manera and Ninni Carucci and sung by a fictional music group called "Gli Amici di Lupin" (The Lupin's friends), which is composed by Enzo Draghi (vocals) and Simone D'Andrea ("Sei furbo Lupin!"
 sentence).
 It is the Italian theme song of "Lupin the Third" anime series used from 1987.
 From 2004 the song is replaced by Giorgio Vanni's "Hallo Lupin" in the first and second anime series, whereas third anime series keep "Lupin, l'incorreggibile Lupin" song.
"Nichijou" is a 2011 Japanese anime television series produced by Kyoto Animation based on the comedy manga by Keiichi Arawi.
 The series is directed by Tatsuya Ishihara and aired in Japan from April 3, 2011 to September 26, 2011.
 It is also simulcasted by Crunchyroll under the name "My Ordinary Life".
 Prior to the airing of the anime series, an original video animation episode, titled "Nichijou Episode 0", shipped with the sixth manga volume on March 12, 2011.
 For the first 13 episodes in the first broadcast, the opening theme song is "Hyadain no Kakakata Kataomoi - C" (ヒャダインのカカカタ☆カタオモイ-C , lit.
 "Hyadain's U-u-u-u☆unrequited Love - C") by Hyadain, while the ending theme song is "Zzz" by Sayaka Sasaki.
 For episodes 14 onwards, the opening theme is "Hyadain no Jōjō Yūjō" (ヒャダインのじょーじょーゆーじょー , Hyadain's Amazing Friendship ) by Hyadain and its ending song varies every episode.
Genji Tsūshin Agedama (ゲンジ通信あげだま ) was a Japanese anime series aired on TV Tokyo from 1991 to 1992, created by Studio Gallop and produced by Nihon Ad Systems.
 The show was one of multimedia content strategies—prevalent in Japan around the early 1990s— and several renditions of the content were released, that is, in the forms of manga, anime, PC Engine game.
 In this article mainly the anime version is explored.
 It contains a lot of parodies from old Japanese anime and live action shows, e.g., Kiki's Delivery Service, and Sailor Moon (since Usagi Tsukino was played by the same voice actress (Kotono Mitsuishi) as a heroine of this show.
 The game was released in 1991, a side-scroller by NEC Home Electronics.
 The manga series has two versions: one authored by Eiichi Saitō that ran on Comic Bonbon in 1991, first followed an early version of scenario outlines in the development, but later put an end to that and adapted a new one that by and large follows the anime version's stories; one authored by Kazuhiko Shimamoto that ran on Deluxe Bonbon, one of the Comic Bonbon franchise issued from 1990 to 1995 as a comedy-manga magazine, in 1991, has stories completely different from the anime ones though the names of characters are identical.
Rage of Bahamut (神撃のバハムート , Shingeki no Bahamut ) is a Japanese anime television series produced by MAPPA that is based on the "Rage of Bahamut" game.
 The anime aired between October 6, 2014 and December 29, 2014 for 12 episodes.
 On May 6, 2015, a second season was announced at the series' orchestra concert event.
 Titled Rage of Bahamut: Virgin Soul (神撃のバハムート VIRGIN SOUL , Shingeki no Bahamut: Virgin Soul ) , it premiered on April 7, 2017.
 The opening theme song "EXiSTENCE" is performed by SiM, while the ending theme song "Promised Land" is performed by Risa Shimizu.
 For season 2, the first opening theme song is "LET iT END" by SiM while the first ending theme song is "Haikei Goodbye Sayonara" (拝啓グッバイさようなら , lit.
 Greetings, Goodbye, Farewell) by DAOKO.
 The second opening theme is "Walk This Way" by THE BEAT GARDEN, while the second ending theme is "Cinderella Step" by DAOKO.
The following is the list of episodes for the Japanese Anime series "Tytania".
 The anime series is produced by Artland and sound productions by Magic Capsule.
 The episodes are directed by Noboru Ishiguro based on the original novel created by Yoshiki Tanaka.
 The characters from the anime are designed by Noboru Sugimitsu based on the original character designs by Haruhiko Mikimoto.
 The series began airing on Japan's NHK broadcasting station on 9 October 2008.
 Two pieces of theme music are used, one opening and one ending theme.
 The opening theme is titled "Ano Sora wo, Ike" performed by Ken Nishikiori while the ending theme is titled "Lost in Space" sung by Psychic Lover.
