Peter Shin is an American animator who served as supervising director of "", the director of "Big Bug Man", the director of "Family Guy" episodes "Death Has a Shadow", "Emission Impossible", "North by North Quahog", "It's a Trap!
" and "The Simpsons Guy" and was a character layout artist "The Simpsons" for several episodes between 1990 and 1995.
 He directed the first ever episode of Family Guy.
Dominic Polcino is an animation director who has worked on "The Simpsons", "Mission Hill", "King of the Hill", and "Family Guy".
 Polcino worked on the first season of "Family Guy", then left to direct for "King of the Hill" and then returned to "Family Guy".
 He then went on to create the TV pilot "Lovesick Fool" which debuted on FunnyOrDie then went on to exhibit at Film Festivals and is currently on YouTube.
 His brother, Michael Polcino, is currently a director on "The Simpsons".
Cleveland Orenthal Brown Jr. is a character in the animated television series "Family Guy", and its spin-off series "The Cleveland Show".
 He is the son of Cleveland Brown and his late ex-wife Loretta.
 On "Family Guy", he was depicted as slim and hyperactive; however, on "The Cleveland Show" he is shown to have undergone a marked transformation, both in terms of a significant increase in weight and a newly subdued personality.
 In episode "March Dadness" of The Cleveland Show he admits to "putting on a few pounds since my Quahog days".
 He was voiced by Mike Henry in "Family Guy" and by Kevin Michael Richardson in "The Cleveland Show" and on the character's return to the former show.
Family Guy: Back to the Multiverse is an action-adventure game that was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on November 20, 2012, in North America, November 21, 2012, in Australia and November 23, 2012, in Europe.
 The game is based on the American animated television series "Family Guy", most notably the episode "Road to the Multiverse", and is also a continuation of the episode "The Big Bang Theory".
 This game also features the return of Stewie's evil half-brother Bertram, who was killed in the show.
 "Back to the Multiverse" is the first "Family Guy" console game since "Family Guy Video Game!
" in 2006.
 When the game was available for pre-order, people who pre-ordered the game received a special level, based on "", another video game based on the "Aliens" trademark also owned by 20th Century Fox, which was released the next February to similar negative reception.
The American animated sitcom "Family Guy" has been the target of numerous taste and indecency complaints.
 The show is known to include offensive jokes and violent images.
 The show's dark humor and sexual themes has led to backlash from the community.
 Since the premiere of Family Guy the Parents Television Council has been an outspoken critic of the series.
 The Parents Television Council is a conservative non-profit watchdog group that has not only expressed moral opposition to the series, but also has filed complaints with the Federal Communications Commission.
 Since 2005, the PTC has deemed Family Guy the "Worst TV Show of the Week" on at least 40 occasions, with at least 42 episodes so designated; many of the awards came following original broadcasts, while the others were based on repeat airings.
"The Simpsons Guy" is the first episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series "Family Guy", and the 232nd overall episode.
 "The Simpsons Guy" is a 45-minute-long crossover with "The Simpsons", and was written by Patrick Meighan and directed by Peter Shin.
 It originally aired in the United States on September 28, 2014, on Fox, where both "The Simpsons" and "Family Guy" have aired since their respective debuts.
"There's Something About Paulie" is the 16th episode from the second season of the Fox animated series "Family Guy".
 It is the 23rd episode of "Family Guy".
 It was also the last episode of the first production season of "Family Guy" to air, but unlike the others, Mila Kunis had replaced Lacey Chabert for the voice of Meg Griffin.
 Michael Chiklis guest stars as Big Fat Paulie.
Peter Griffin is the main protagonist and title character of the American animated sitcom "Family Guy".
 He is voiced by cartoonist Seth MacFarlane and first appeared on television, along with the rest of the family, in the 15-minute pilot pitch of "Family Guy" on December 20, 1998.
 Peter was created and designed by MacFarlane himself.
 MacFarlane was asked to pitch a pilot to the Fox Broadcasting Company based on "Larry & Steve", a short made by MacFarlane which featured a middle-aged character named Larry and an intellectual dog, Steve.
 After the pilot was given the green light, the Griffin family appeared in the episode "Death Has a Shadow".
"Cartoon Wars Part II" is the fourth episode in the tenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 143rd episode of the series overall, it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 12, 2006.
 After "Cartoon Wars Part I", it is the second part of a two-episode story-arc, which focuses on Cartman's efforts to get the television series "Family Guy" cancelled, by exploiting fears of retaliation by Muslims to an impending "Family Guy" episode in which the Islamic prophet Muhammad will appear, in violation of some interpretations of Muslim law.
 Kyle instead urges the president of the network airing "Family Guy", Fox, to air the episode in an exercise of free speech.
Family Guy Online was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) based on the animated television series "Family Guy", developed in a partnership between Roadhouse Interactive and 20th Century Fox.
 "Family Guy Online" was free-to-play using the Unity game engine.
 The game launched into public beta in April 2012, but on December 21, 2012, the developers announced that the game would not be developed beyond beta status and would be permanently shut down on January 18, 2013.
 The shutdown took place as announced, and the game is now closed.
