Angel and the Ape was a humor comic book created by E. Nelson Bridwell published by DC Comics.
 The characters first appeared in 1968 in "Showcase" #77 then graduated to their own title, with art by comic artist Bob Oksner, most often inked by Wally Wood.
 The title lasted for seven issues, changing its name to "Meet Angel" for its final appearance.
The Adventures of Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis is the title of a celebrity comics comic book published by DC Comics featuring the popular team of comedians Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis.
 The series ran for 40 issues from 1952 through 1957, at which time the title was renamed because of the real life breakup of the team.
 The title was continued as "The Adventures of Jerry Lewis" thereafter for issues #41-124.
 The new series featured the comedian Jerry Lewis in a variety of humorous situations.
 Infrequent guest stars included Batman, Bob Hope, Lex Luthor, Superman, the Flash.
 and Wonder Woman, Notable artists who worked on the series include Bob Oksner and Neal Adams.
Vixen (Mari Jiwe McCabe) is a comic book character created by Gerry Conway and Bob Oksner.
 She first appeared in "Action Comics" #521 (July 1981), published by DC Comics.
The Amazing Spider-Man #129, with its subtitle being "The Punisher Strikes Twice!"
 is an 19 page long single issue of the American comic book "The Amazing Spider-Man", published by Marvel Comics in 1974.
 It is well-known for being the first appearance of the character of The Punisher, who at that point was portrayed as an antagonist of Spider-Man but would later become one of Marvel's most popular and successful characters as well as the villain the Jackal who would go on to become one of Spider-Man's main adversaries and an integral part of the late 90s Spider-Man storyline the "Clone Saga".
 In modern day the issue is considered a milestone comic and is a sought after collectible with certain copies going for several thousands of dollars.
 It was written by Gerry Conway and drawn by artist Ross Andru with a cover by Gil Kane and John Romita, Sr. which has been homaged, copied and parodied multiple times.
Bob Oksner (October 14, 1916 in Paterson, New Jersey – February 18, 2007) was an American comics artist known for both adventure comic strips and for superhero and humor comic books, primarily at DC Comics.
Marley Davidson (sometimes referred to as "Marley Davidson: Bronx Exorcist") is a fictional comic book character created by writer and comic book artist Sandy Jimenez.
 It made its first appearance on June 15, 1995 in the self-titled independent comic book "Marley Davidson", which chronicled the exploits of a Jamaican ex-priest, operating as an exorcist and monster hunter in New York City.
Centurions: Power Xtreme is a syndicated 30 minute American science fiction animated television series produced by Ruby-Spears and was animated in Japan by Sunrise.
 Comic book legends Jack Kirby and Gil Kane contributed to the design and concepts of the show.
 The series began in 1986 as a five-part miniseries and was followed with a 60 episode series.
 The series was story edited by Ted Pedersen and written by several authors, including prolific science fiction writers Michael Reaves, Marc Scott Zicree, Larry DiTillio and Gerry Conway.
 The series theme and soundtrack were composed by Udi Harpaz.
 There was also a line of tie-in toys by Kenner and a comic book series by DC Comics.
 The show revolves around the conflict between Doc Terror's cyborgs and the Centurions (a combination of hard-suit and a mecha).
Super-Hip is a fictional character that appeared in comic books published by DC Comics.
 He first appeared in "The Adventures of Bob Hope" #95 (October-November 1965), in a story written by Arnold Drake and drawn by Bob Oksner.
Codename: Assassin is a fictional antihero, a comic book character published by DC Comics.
 He debuted in "1st Issue Special" #11, (February 1976), and was created by Gerry Conway, Steve Skeates and Nestor Redondo (credited as the Redondo Studio).
Seraph is a DC Comics superhero from Israel.
 He first appeared in "Super Friends" #7 (October 1977), and was created by E. Nelson Bridwell and Ramona Fradon, art by Bob Oksner and some lettered by Milt Snapinn.
