"Love Revolution" is a song by the British recording artist Will Young.
 It was released on 30 March 2015 as the first single from his sixth studio album "85% Proof" (2015).
 The chorus features lyrics and melody from the song "Share the Love" which was originally written by Ivan Matias and Andrea Martin and released on Martin's debut album "The Best of Me" in 1998 on Arista Records.
 The song is more commonly known as re-worked track "Loneliness" by German DJ Tomcraft, which peaked at the top of on the UK Singles Chart in May 2003.
"I Wasn't Kidding" is a song by American recording artist Angie Stone.
 It was written by Andrea Martin and Adrian Austin for Stone's first compilation album "" (2005), while production was overseen by Martin and Vada Nobles.
 The song is built around a sample from the 1984 record "Baby I'm Scared of You" as written and performed by Womack & Womack.
"Wish I Didn't Miss You" is a song by American recording artist Angie Stone.
 It was written by Andrea Martin and Ivan Matias for Stone's second studio album, "Mahogany Soul" (2001), while production was helmed by Martin, Matias, Stone and Swizz Beatz.
 The song features an interpolated composition of The O'Jays's 1972 record "Back Stabbers" as written by Leon Huff, Gene McFadden, and John Whitehead.
Andrea Martin (born April 23, 1967 in Erbach im Odenwald, Germany) is a West Germany sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s.
 At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, she finished fifth in the K-4 500 m event while being eliminated in the semifinals of the K-2 500 m event.
"Loneliness" is a song by the German DJ Tomcraft.
 It was written by Ivan Matias and Andrea Martin, Thomas Bruckner and Eniac and produced by Eniac and Tomcraft.
 It was released as a single in 2002 worldwide and on 28 April 2003 in the United Kingdom.
 The single peaked at number ten on the German Singles Chart.
 It topped the charts in the United Kingdom.
"Give It to Me Right" is a song by Canadian R&B singer Melanie Fiona from her debut album, "The Bridge" (2009).
 Written and produced by Andrea Martin, the track was sent to radio outlets as the album's lead single on February 28, 2009.
 It heavily samples the 1968 hit "Time of the Season" by The Zombies.
Edith Prickley was a character in all six seasons of the Canadian sketch comedy series "SCTV".
 Created and played by Andrea Martin, the character took over as the station manager for the fictional television station Second City Television, based out of a city called Melonville, and serving the "tri-city area".
 Her character, visibly distinct by her leopard-print clothing and hat, and rhinestone studded glasses, served the station's president and owner, Guy Caballero.
"Only Love" is the second single by The Braxtons taken from their debut album So Many Ways (1996).
 The song was written by Andrea Martin and produced by Allen "Allstar" Gordon.
The Juno Awards of 1985, representing Canadian music industry achievements of the previous year, were awarded on 4 November 1985 in Toronto.
 The ceremony was hosted by Andrea Martin and Martin Short at the Harbour Castle Hilton Hotel.
Schechter made his Broadway debut in 2009 as "Boy" in the revival of Waiting for Godot.
 He performed alongside Nathan Lane, Bill Irwin, John Goodman, and John Glover.
 The production was nominated for three Tony Awards and became one of Roundabout Theatre Company's greatest successes.
 Months later, Schechter appeared as "Michael Banks" in Disney's 2006 production of Mary Poppins.
 After one year of work as "Michael Banks", Schechter joined a cast led by Sebastian Arcelus in the original production of .
 There, Schechter stood-by for the role of "Michael" and performed nightly as "Boy".
 The production received mixed reviews, but was revived on Broadway in 2012.
 Approximately one year after the closing of Elf: The Musical, Schechter originated "Les" in Newsies (2012), receiving exceptional reviews for his work.
 Ben Brantley of The New York Times described Schechter as a "wisecracking, deadpan child prodigy."
 After over a year of performance, Schechter left the show shortly after the departure of star Jeremy Jordan.
 Subsequently, Schechter joined the 2013 cast of Richard III, where he played "Prince Edward" among fellow actors Samuel Barnett and Mark Rylance.
 The play, brought to New York City by the Globe Theatre, was a sold-out success.
 Immediately after Richard III had concluded, Schechter created the roles of "Moss Hart" and "Bernie Hart" in director James Lapine's Act One (2014).
 The show was praised by Ben Brantley; Schechter received excellent reviews.
 The New York Times again heralded Schechter as "a very fine" actor.
 The play's cast included Tony Shalhoub, Andrea Martin, and Santino Fontana.
