The Kent Dairy Round Barn near Red Lodge, Montana is a round barn that was built during 1939-1941 and is believed to be one of the last round dairy barns built in the United States.
 It has an adjoining rectangular milkhouse.
 The barn was built under supervision of master barn builder, Emery McNamee, by Ephraim Kent and sons Armas, Harry, James, Leo, and Waino.
The James Bruce Round Barn is a round barn located near the Stephenson County, Illinois city of Freeport, United States.
 The barn was constructed in 1914 by the team of Jeremiah Shaffer and the Haas Brothers, who were responsible for at least a dozen round barns in the area.
 The barn features a single hip roof design which was probably influenced by the Agricultural Experiment Stations at the University of Illinois and the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
 The Bruce Round Barn was the last known round barn designed by the Shaffer–Haas team.
 The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as part of a multiple property submission in 1984.
The Thomas Ranck Round Barn is a round barn in Waterloo Township near the Fayette-Wayne County, Indiana county line.
 It is one of many round barns built in Indiana during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Of the round barns built in eastern Indiana during this period the Ranck Round Barn stands out as one of the most elaborately designed structures.
 The Thomas Ranck Round Barn was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in January 1983.
The Dennis Otte Round Barn is a round barn in the U.S. state of Illinois near the unincorporated Stephenson County community of Eleroy.
 The barn was built in 1930 by Herman Altenbern and has a diameter of 54 feet (16.5 m).
 The barn is representative of the last round barn design variations that evolved.
 The Otte Round Barn was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The Virginia Tillery Round Barn is a round barn located on County Route 738 west of White Hall in Greene County, Illinois.
 The barn was built in the fall of 1912 for farmer Harry C. Price.
 With a 36 ft diameter, the barn is relatively small for an Illinois round barn; the median diameter of Illinois round barns was 60 ft .
 Its size suggests that it served as a general-purpose barn, not a dairy barn like the state's larger round barns.
 Brown tile blocks were used to build the barn, which is topped by a wood shingle roof with a cupola.
Dammon Round Barn is a round barn just southeast of Red Wing, Minnesota, United States, adjacent to U.S. Route 61.
 The barn is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 It was built in 1914, with a foundation of Mississippi River limestone, and is 60 ft in diameter and 60 ft high.
 It was built during a time of agricultural growth in Goodhue County, when dairy cow herds were averaging 25 cows per farm and farmers were starting to build specialized barns.
 The round barn design was built around a silo and provided insulation for the silage, as well as making feeding and cleaning easier.
 Despite the efficiency, however, round barns were difficult to construct, and they were not widely adopted.
 Later in its history the barn was used for honey production of the bee keeping owners of the farm.
 In 2000 the Farm was purchased by Robin and Elaine Kleffman and the Dammon Barn underwent some significant restoration.
 A straightening of the walls and replacement of the original pillars for the upper floor support and a leveling and new installation of a floor in the top level of the barn makes this one of the most premiere remaining round barns in Minnesota.
The three University of Illinois round barns played a special role in the promotion and popularity of the American round barn.
 They are located in the U.S. city of Urbana, Illinois on the campus of the University of Illinois (U of I).
 The University of Illinois was home to one of the Agricultural Experiment Stations, located at U.S. universities, which were at the heart of the promotion of the round barn.
 At least one round barn in Illinois was built specifically after its owner viewed the barns at the university.
 Though originally an experiment the three barns helped to lead the way for round barn construction throughout the Midwest, particularly in Illinois.
 The barns were listed as contributing properties to the U of I Experimental Dairy Farm Historic District, which was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
The Bert Leedy Round Barn, also known as Paxton Round Barn and as Fulton County Historical Society Round Barn, is a round barn located in Richland Township near Rochester, Indiana, United States.
 Built in 1924, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The listing was consistent with terms of a National Park Service "Multiple Property Documentation" study on "Round and Polygonal Barns of Indiana" that was prepared in 1991.
 The Round Barn was moved to its current site, an open-air museum, in 1989 after it was struck by a tornado.
The Robert Weber Round Barn is a round barn located east of Durand, Illinois, United States along Illinois Route 75 in Harrison Township.
 The Weber barn was constructed in 1917 and features a roof designed and built by the Haas Brothers, who worked on other area round barns.
 The barn is 55 ft in diameter and features a 24 ft diameter central silo.
 The design of the Weber Round Barn stands out from other area round barns in its vitrified tile walls, a development used in later period American round barns.
 The Robert Weber Round Barn was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The Gerald Harbach Round Barn is a round barn near Eleroy, an unincorporated community in Stephenson County, Illinois, United States.
 The builder and designer of the building are unknown but it is very similar to round barns designed by the team of Jeremiah Shaffer and the Hass Brothers.
 It was probably built around the same time as the James Bruce Round Barn, erected in 1914, in Freeport.
 The Harbach Round Barn was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
