Life, Death, Love and Freedom is the 20th folk rock album by singer-songwriter John Mellencamp and produced by T-Bone Burnett.
 It was released on July 15, 2008.
 At the end of 2008, Rolling Stone magazine named "Life, Death, Love and Freedom" No. 5 on its list of the 50 best albums of the year.
 The song "Troubled Land" was number 48 on "Rolling Stone"' s list of the 100 Best Singles of 2008.
 Antimusic.com named it number 18 on their top albums of the decade list.
 The album was named No. 38 in "Q"' s 50 Best Albums of the Year 2008.
The singles discography of Kitty Wells, an American country artist, consists of ninety singles, nineteen B-sides, and two music videos.
 In 1949 she was signed to RCA Victor Records, where she released her debut single, "Death at the Bar" also in 1949.
 Dropped from RCA in 1950, Wells signed with Decca Records and released the single "It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels" in 1952.
 The song was an answer song to Hank Thompson's hit, "The Wild Side of Life", spending six weeks at number one on the "Billboard Magazine" Hot C&W Sides chart.
 The single sold one million copies and made Wells the first female country artist to have a single reach number one on the "Billboard" country list.
 Until the end of the decade, Wells became the only woman on the country chart that would consistently receive radio airplay.
 In 1953 the song, "Paying for That Back Street Affair" reached #6 on the "Billboard" Hot C&W Sides list, as well as twenty one additional Top Ten singles on the same chart between 1953 and 1959.
 This included singles such as the Red Foley duet "One by One" (1954), "Making Believe" (1955), "I Can't Stop Loving You" (1958), "Mommy for a Day" (1959), and "Amigo's Guitar" (1959).
 The latter song was written by Wells herself and later won her a BMI Songwriter's Award.
"Convoy" is a 1975 novelty song performed by C. W. McCall (a character co-created and voiced by Bill Fries, along with Chip Davis) that became a number-one song on both the country and pop charts in the US and is listed 98th among Rolling Stone magazine's 100 Greatest Country Songs of All Time.
 Written by McCall and Chip Davis, the song spent six weeks at number one on the country charts and one week at number one on the pop charts.
 The song went to number one in Canada as well, hitting the top of the "RPM" Top Singles Chart on January 24, 1976.
 "Convoy" further peaked at number two in the UK.
 The song capitalized on the fad for citizens band (CB) radio.
 The song was the inspiration for the 1978 Sam Peckinpah film "Convoy".
 The song is also in the video game's soundtrack on the in-game radio station, Rebel Radio from the 2013 video game "Grand Theft Auto V", and Disney Channel (including Disney Channel Southeast Asia), a basic cable and satellite television network that is owned by Disney Channels Worldwide, a unit of the Disney–ABC Television Group.
Rose Garden is a multi-million selling, RIAA Platinum-certified studio album by country singer Lynn Anderson.
 It was released in late 1970 as the title song was climbing country and pop music charts around the world.
 The single went on to top the Country charts, where it stayed at the number 1 position for five weeks.
 It reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart in early 1971 and hit number 1 in both "Cash Box" and "Record World".
 It was an international top five pop hit in numerous countries.
 Anderson received a Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance for the record.
 It would remain the biggest selling album by a female country artist for 27 years (1970-1997).
The singles discography of Connie Smith, an American country artist, consists of 48 singles and two B-sides.
 After signing with RCA Victor Records in 1964, Smith released her debut single in August entitled "Once a Day".
 The song topped the "Billboard Magazine" Hot Country Singles chart by November and held the position for eight weeks, to date being the longest running song at number one by a female country artist.
 The single's success launched Smith into stardom, making Smith one of the decade's most successful female artists.
 The follow-up single "Then and Only Then" reached #4 on the country singles chart, while its flip side ("Tiny Blue Transistor Radio") went to #25 on the same chart.
 All of Smith's singles released between 1965 and 1968 reached the top 10 on the "Billboard" country songs chart, including "If I Talk to Him", "Ain't Had No Lovin'", and "Cincinnati, Ohio".
 By 1969 Smith felt highly pressured from her career and cut back on promoting singles.
 Smith's chart success slightly declined because of this, with songs like "Ribbon of Darkness" (1969) and "Louisiana Man" (1970) only reaching the top 20.
 Other singles continued to peak within the top 10 including "I Never Once Stopped Loving You" (1970) and "Just One Time" (1971).
American singer and songwriter Mary J. Blige began her career as a backing vocalist for Father MC in the early 1990s.
 Her discography as a solo artist began in 1992 and consists of thirteen studio albums, two live albums, two remix albums and over eighty singles—including more than 20 as a featured artist.
 Blige has sold over 50 million albums and 15 million singles worldwide.
 In 2009, "Billboard" magazine ranked Blige as the most successful female R&B artist of the past 25 years, while listing her 2006 song "Be Without You" as the top R&B song of the 2000s, as it spent an unparalleled 75 weeks on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, 15 of them at number one.
 In 2011, VH1 ranked Blige as the 80th greatest artist of all time.
 Moreover, she was ranked 100th on the list of "100 Greatest Singers of All Time" by "Rolling Stone" magazine.
 In 2012, VH1 ranked Blige ninth among "The 100 Greatest Woman in Music" listing.
"Once a Day" is a song written by Bill Anderson and recorded as the debut single by American country artist Connie Smith.
 It was produced by Bob Ferguson for her self-titled debut album.
 The song was released in August 1964, topping the "Billboard" country music chart for eight weeks between late 1964 and early 1965.
 It was the first debut single by a female country artist to reach number one, and held the record for the most weeks spent at number one by a female country artist until it was surpassed by Taylor Swift's "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" in December 2012.
"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her fourth studio album, "Red" (2012).
 Swift co-wrote the song with its producers, Max Martin and Shellback.
 The song was released as the lead single from "Red" on August 13, 2012, by Big Machine Records.
 Its lyrics depict Swift's frustrations at an ex-lover who wants to re-kindle their relationship. "
Rolling Stone" magazine named the song the second best song of 2012 while it took the fourth spot in "Time"' s end-of-year poll.
 It has received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year.
 It also received a People's Choice Awards nomination for Favorite Song of the Year.
Billy Ray Cyrus is an American country music singer, songwriter, actor and philanthropist, who helped make country music a worldwide phenomenon.
 He has released 12 studio albums and 44 singles since 1992, and is best known for his number one single "Achy Breaky Heart", which became the first single ever to achieve triple Platinum status in Australia and was the best-selling single of 1992 in the same country.
 Thanks to the video of the song, the linedance entered the mainstream, becoming a worldwide craze.
 Cyrus, a multi-platinum selling recording artist, has scored a total of eight top-ten singles on the Billboard Country Songs chart.
 His most successful album to date is the debut of "Some Gave All", which has been certified 9× multi-platinum in the United States and is the longest time spent by a debut artist at number one on the "Billboard" 200 (17 consecutive weeks) and most consecutive chart-topping weeks in the SoundScan era.
 It is the only album (from any genre) in the SoundScan era to log 17 consecutive weeks at number one and is also the second-highest selling debut album by a male country artist after Garth Brooks'.
 It ranked 43 weeks in the top 10, a total topped by only one country album in history, "Ropin' the Wind" by Garth Brooks.
 "Some Gave All" was also the first debut album to enter at the number 1 in the Billboard Country Albums.
 The album has also sold more than 20 million copies worldwide and is the best-selling debut album of all time for a solo male artist. "
Some Gave All" was also the best-selling album of 1992 in the US with 4,832,000 copies.
 In his career, he has released 35 charted singles, of which 16 have charted in the top 40.
American country artist Trisha Yearwood has released twelve studio albums, seven compilation albums, one additional album, forty one music videos, fifty-eight singles and has appeared on twenty eight albums.
 Yearwood's self-titled debut album was released in 1991, peaking at number two on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and number thirty one on the Billboard 200.
 It became the first debut female country album to sell one million copies, eventually certifying double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. "
She's in Love with the Boy" became the first female debut single since 1964 to top the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 The album would spawn an additional three singles, including "The Woman Before Me".
 Her second studio album was the critically acclaimed "Hearts in Armor" (1992).
 It spawned the top five country hits "Wrong Side of Memphis" and "Walkaway Joe".
 Her third studio record "The Song Remembers When" (1993) enjoyed similar success while the lead single reached number two on the Billboard country chart.
 A holiday album appeared before her platinum-selling fourth studio album "Thinkin' About You" (1995).
 Reaching the third position of the country albums chart and the top thirty of the Billboard 200, its first two singles topped the Hot Country Singles chart.
 Her sixth studio album "Everybody Knows" (1996) spawned Yearwood's fourth number one single, "Believe Me Baby (I Lied)".
