The Primitives are an English indie pop band from Coventry, best known for their 1988 international hit single "Crash".
 Formed in 1984, disbanded in 1992 and reformed in 2009, the band's two constant members throughout their recording career have been vocalist Tracy Tracy and guitarist Paul Court.
 Drummer Tig Williams has been a constant member since 1987 and the reformed line-up is completed by bassist Raph Moore.
 Often described as an indie pop or indie rock band, The Primitives' musical style can also be seen as straddling power pop, new wave and pop punk.
Music for People is the second album by the band VAST, released in September 12,2000 by Elektra Records.
 It would be VAST's last album on Elektra Records.
 After the success of VAST's debut album, "Music for People" could only produce one successful single, "Free", which gained major MTV exposure.
 However, after the mixed success of the album, VAST and Elektra Records parted ways over disappointing sales and differing views on the future of the band.
The Mexican Spitfires were an Australian indie rock–indie pop band formed in 1986.
 The original lineup consisted of Price Conlan on drums, Stephen McCowage on lead guitar, Tim O'Reilly on bass and vocals, Michael Quinlan on rhythm guitar and vocals.
 O'Reilly, Quinlan and McCowage had all played in a psychedelic 1960s-styled indie pop band, Prince Vlad & the Gargoyle Impalers.
 They recorded two extended plays, "Lupe Velez" (1988) and "Elephant" (1990); however, they had disbanded late in 1989.
Teleman is an English indie pop band formed in London in 2012.
 The group consists of Thomas Sanders (vocals, guitar), Jonny Sanders (synths), Pete Cattermoul (bass) and Hiro Amamiya (drums).
 Cattermoul and the Sanders brothers were previously members of the indie pop band Pete and the Pirates.
 Thomas Sanders has also recorded music under his solo name, Tap Tap.
Fitz and The Tantrums (FATT) is an American indie pop and neo soul band from Los Angeles that formed in 2008.
 The band consists of Michael Fitzpatrick (lead vocals), Noelle Scaggs (co-lead vocals and percussion), James King (saxophone, flute, keyboard, percussion and guitar), Joseph Karnes (bass guitar), Jeremy Ruzumna (keyboards) and John Wicks (drums and percussion).
 Their debut studio album, "Pickin' Up the Pieces", was released in August 2010 on indie label Dangerbird Records and received critical acclaim.
 It reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart.
 The band signed to their current label Elektra Records in early 2013 and went on to release their sophomore LP, "More Than Just a Dream," on May 7, 2013.
 Their self-titled third album was released on June 10, 2016.
Mendham Borough, New Jersey native Ed McKirdy has been performing in bands from both the West and East coasts since 1992.
 He has released records and CDs as the bass player for New Records Recording Artists The Suppression Swing (CA), Equal Vision Records Recording Artists Hands Tied (NJ) and The Killing Flame (CA), Defiance Records Recording Artists Face The Enemy (DC) and is currently the guitar player for Bridge 9 Records and Livewire Records Recording Artists Triple Threat (NY).
 McKirdy also served as vocalist for the short-lived outfit 5 Star (NJ) who released just one song "MVP" on the Compilation.
 McKirdy is also the founder of Brooklyn-based record label Livewire Records; an independent record company he started in 1999 while living in Seal Beach, California.
Life's Aquarium is the fourth studio album by American R&B group Mint Condition.
 The album was released on November 16, 1999, and it is their first album released for Elektra Records.
 It is their first studio recording after their departure from Perspective Records, the record company that produced their three previous albums.
 They made their debut as Elektra artists on the soundtrack to the motion picture "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" with the song "Love is for Fools".
 They were originally signed to Elektra subsidiary East West Records, but were later moved to Elektra proper for the release of "Life's Aquarium".
The Pooh Sticks were an indie pop band from Swansea, Wales recording between 1988 and 1995.
 They were notable for their jangly melodiousness and lyrics gently mocking the indie scene of the time such as on "On Tape", "Indiepop Ain't Noise Pollution" and "I Know Someone Who Knows Someone Who Knows Alan McGee Quite Well".
 The band changed direction on their 1991 U.S breakthrough "The Great White Wonder", eschewing the 'twee' British indie pop sound for a more American-styled power pop sound, akin to bands like Jellyfish and Redd Kross.
 Subsequent albums "Million Seller", released on 11 January 1993, considered by some power pop fans to be the band's best work, and "Optimistic Fool", released on 24 April 1995, followed in this style.
"HandClap" is a song recorded by American indie pop band Fitz and The Tantrums.
 The song was released as the lead single from their self-titled album "Fitz and the Tantrums" on March 25, 2016 through Elektra Records.
 It is their highest-charting song on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at number 53.
Saintmotelevision (stylized as saintmotelevision) is the second studio album by American indie pop band Saint Motel.
 It was released on October 21, 2016, by Elektra Records.
