Trigger Street Productions is an American entertainment production company formed by Kevin Spacey and his producing partner Dana Brunetti in 1997.
 The company's credits include "Captain Phillips", "Shakespeare High", "Safe", "The Social Network", "21", "Shrink", "Fanboys", the Emmy-nominated "Bernard and Doris", Emmy-winning "Recount", "Mini's First Time", "Beyond the Sea", "The United States of Leland", "The Big Kahuna" and "House of Cards", as well as stage productions of "The Iceman Cometh" and "Cobb".
Didem Erol, also known as Dana Flynn is an Australian-born Turkish American actress, model, and TV host.
 She was born in Sydney to Turkish parents and lives in Los Angeles, California.
 Amidst media speculation, Didem Erol confirmed she was dating Quentin Tarantino whom she met in Cannes, France.
 Erol's relationship with the American film director Tarantino ended after four years.
 She is also close friends with Oliver Stone.
 Holding multiple citizenships, Didem Erol is fluent in English and Turkish.
Howard E. Haugerud (August 22, 1924) was an American government official who served in presidentially appointed positions at the Department of Defense and the Department of State during the administrations of Presidents Kennedy, Johnson and Nixon.
 He later became the senior vice president of the Dana Holding Corporation, a managing director of the family-owned TASEA Investment and Development Company, CEO of Controlled Environment Systems, Chairman and CEO of the National Tribune Corporation, publisher and editor-in-chief of the Stars and Stripes newspaper, president of the Stars and Stripes Foundation and president of the real estate holding firm Trout Run, LLC.
Dana Blankstein-Cohen (born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television.
 She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.
Otis B. Thayer (1862 – August 16, 1935) "Obie," was an American actor, director, film producer and owner of silent era film production companies.
 Before his film career he was a stage actor and operatic comedian.
 By 1910 he piloted the Chicago based Selig Polyscope Company filming westerns on locations at Canon City.
 He founded the Art-O-Graf film company of Denver in 1919.
 And by 1920 he was the president of the "Superior Foto Play Company."
Bruce Brown (born December 1, 1937) is an American documentary film director, known as an early pioneer of the surf film.
 He is the father of filmmaker Dana Brown.
Dana James Hutton (May 31, 1934 – June 2, 1979) was an American actor in film and television best remembered for his role as Ellery Queen in the 1970s TV series of the same name and his screen partnership with Paula Prentiss in five films, starting with "Where the Boys Are".
 He is the father of actor Timothy Hutton.
James Wesley Horne (December 14, 1881June 29, 1942) was an early American actor, screenwriter and film director.
 He began his career as an actor under director Sidney Olcott at Kalem Studios in 1913 and directed his first film for the company two years later.
The 68th annual Venice International Film Festival was held in Venice, Italy between 31 August and 10 September 2011.
 American film director Darren Aronofsky was announced as the Head of the Jury.
 American actor and film director Al Pacino was presented with the Glory to the Film-maker award on 4 September, prior to the premiere of his upcoming film "Wilde Salomé".
 Marco Bellocchio was awarded with the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement in September.
 The festival opened with the American film "The Ides of March", directed by George Clooney.
Dana Brunetti (born June 11, 1973) is an American film producer and social networking entrepreneur.
 He is the president of Kevin Spacey's production company, Trigger Street Productions.
 In 2016, he became the president of Relativity Media with Kevin Spacey taking on a chairman position.
