The Second Book of Nephi ( ), often referred to as Second Nephi and abbreviated 2 Ne., is the second book of the Book of Mormon.
 The original translation of the title did not include the word "second".
 First and Second were added to the titles of The Books of Nephi by Oliver Cowdery when preparing the book for printing.
 According to the book, it was written by the ancient prophet Nephi, son of Lehi, who lived around 600 BC.
Tin House is an American literary magazine and book publisher based in Portland, Oregon, and New York City.
 Portland publisher Win McCormack conceived the idea for "Tin House" magazine in the summer of 1998.
 He enlisted Holly MacArthur as managing editor and developed the magazine with the help of two experienced New York editors, Rob Spillman and Elissa Schappell.
Elissa Schappell is an American novelist, short-story writer, editor and essayist.
 Her first book of fiction, "Use Me", a collection of 10 linked short stories, was published in 2000 by William Morrow, and was runner-up for the PEN/Hemingway Award.
 She is the co-founder of the literary magazine "Tin House" and Editor-at-Large.
 She was previously a Senior Editor at "The Paris Review".
 She is a Contributing-editor at "Vanity Fair", and was the longtime of author of the "Hot Type" book column.
 A second book of fiction, "Blueprints for Building Better Girls", was published by Simon & Schuster in 2011.
 It was chosen as a "Best Book of the Year" by "The San Francisco Chronicle", "The Boston Globe", "The Wall Street Journal". "
Newsweek/The Daily Beast", and "O Magazine".
 She teaches at schools including Columbia University, NYU, and Queens University.
 Originally from Delaware, she now lives in Brooklyn with her family.
Twinkle Khanna (also known as Tina Jatin Khanna; born on 29 December 1973) is an Indian interior designer, newspaper columnist, film producer, author, and former film actress.
 Her first book "Mrs Funnybones" sold over one hundred thousand copies making her India's highest-selling female writer of 2015.
 She repeated the success with her second book the legend of Lakshmi Prasad which also went on to sell over a 100,000 copies by august 2017.
She won the Crossword Book Award 2016 for Mrs Funnybones She won India Today Woman Writer of the year 2017 for Her second book, The Legend Of Lakshmi Prasad, published by Juggernaut Books that has been at No 2 on Amazon since its release and has received rave reviews : 'Twinkle Khanna's first collection of short fiction, features sensitive, humorous and eminently readable stories' says The Hindustan Times 'The Legend of Lakshmi Prasad, a collection of superbly crafted short stories by Twinkle Khanna, is as delightful as its author.
 Witty, elegantly crafted, with odd protagonists who don't understand the meaning of defeat, it is a triumph of the human spirit.'
 Daily O'Sprinkled with fine wit and represent great cultural commentary.'
 The Hindu
The Zweites Buch (] , "Second Book"), unofficially published in English as Hitler's Secret Book and then officially Hitler's Second Book, is an unedited transcript of Adolf Hitler's thoughts on foreign policy written in 1928; it was written after "Mein Kampf" and was not published in his lifetime.
 The "Zweites Buch" was not published in 1928 because "Mein Kampf" did not sell well at that time and Hitler's publisher, Franz-Eher-Verlag, told Hitler that a second book would hinder sales even more.
The Pakistan Anti-Hero is a book written by Pakistani author, journalist, cultural critic and satirist, Nadeem F.Paracha.
 It is his second book.
 His first book, "End of the Past" was published in 2016 by Vanguard Publications.
 His second book too is published by Vanguard.
 "The Pakistan Anti-Hero" is an extension of Paracha's first book in which he mapped the political evolution of Pakistani society.
 In his second book he attempts to navigate the evolution of Pakistani nationalism through the study of a number of Pakistani intellectuals, artistes, sportsmen, scholars and militants.
Reality Hunger: A Manifesto is a non-fiction book by American writer David Shields, published by Knopf on February 23, 2010.
 The book is written in a collage style, mixing quotations by the author with those from a variety of other sources.
 The book's manifesto is directed toward increasing art's engagement with the reality of contemporary life through the exploration of hybrid genres such as prose poetry and literary collage.
 In "Vanity Fair", Elissa Schappell called "Reality Hunger" "a rousing call to arms for all artists to reject the laws governing appropriation, obliterate the boundaries between fiction and nonfiction, and give rise to a new modern form for a new century."
The Friend Who Got Away (ISBN  ) is an anthology of essays dealing with the subject of the dissolution of friendships among women.
 It was published in 2005 by Doubleday.
 The collection is edited by Jenny Offill and Elissa Schappell.
The Second Book of General Ignorance is the fifth in a series of books based on the final round in the intellectual British panel game "QI", written by series-creator John Lloyd and head-researcher John Mitchinson.
 It is the second book to be based on the show's final round "General Ignorance", the first being "The Book of General Ignorance" first published in 2006.
 Like the original book, it is a trivia book aiming to address and correct the comprehensive and humiliating catalogue of all the misconceptions, mistakes and misunderstandings in 'common knowledge' — it is therefore known not as a 'General Knowledge' book, but as 'General Ignorance'.
 A second, expanded edition called "The Discreetly Plumper Second QI Book of General Ignorance" was released on 4 October 2012.
Detective Book Magazine was an American pulp science fiction magazine, published by Fiction House in 1930 to 1931 and from 1937 to 1952.
 Each edition of "Detective Book Magazine" contained the complete text of a detective novel.
 Most editions also contained one or more shorter detective fiction stories.
 Its main competitor was Street & Smith's "Detective Story Magazine".
