Queen Charlotte Airlines was a Canadian airline founded by Jim Spilsbury that operated on the West Coast of Canada from 1946 to 1955, when it was sold to Pacific Western Airlines.
 Though the airline grew out of a bush flying operation, it became the third largest airline in Canada.
SpiceJet is a low-cost airline headquartered in Gurugram, India.
 It is the third largest airline in the country by number of domestic passengers carried, with a market share of 14.2% as of July 2017.
 The airline operates 312 daily flights to 55 destinations, including 45 Indian and 10 international destinations from its hubs at Delhi, Kolkata and Hyderabad.
Sun America, Inc., d/b/a JetAmerica, was a proposed American low-cost scheduled public charter airline headquartered in unincorporated Pinellas County, Florida.
 On March 10, 2009, the airline announced a number of public scheduled charter flights from underutilized airports to Newark and Minneapolis–St. Paul using a Miami Air International Boeing 737-800 to begin on June 30, 2009.
 On May 27, 2009, the airline held its first press conference at Toledo Express Airport, Ohio, announcing its first focus city and the start of flight operations on July 13, 2009.
 The airline announced the station markets of Lansing, Michigan; Melbourne, Florida; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Newark, New Jersey; South Bend, Indiana; and Toledo, Ohio.
 The airline also publicly stated it was evaluating service to Baltimore, Maryland; Charleston, West Virginia Chicago Midway, Illinois; Rockford, Illinois; Cincinnati, Columbus, and Dayton, Ohio; Greensboro, North Carolina; Hartford, Connecticut; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; and Clearwater, Florida.
 The airline later delayed the start of service to August 14, 2009.
 However, JetAmerica did not begin service as it was unable to finalize slots at Newark.
Bjørn Kjos (born 18 July 1946) is a Norwegian aviator, lawyer, and business magnate.
 He is best known as the founder and CEO of Norwegian Air Shuttle, Scandinavia's largest airline, and Europe's third largest low-cost airline.
Air One S.p.A., was an Italian airline which operated as Air One "Smart Carrier".
 It operated as Alitalia's low cost carrier subsidiary with operating bases located in Catania-Fontanarossa Airport, Palermo Falcone–Borsellino Airport, Pisa Airport, Venice Marco Polo Airport and Verona Villafranca Airport; while Tirana was a focus city.
 "Air One" is a portmanteau of the English meaning Air One and the Italian word 'airone', meaning heron (the bird depicted in the airline's logo), which was also the airline's callsign.
Compania Națională de Transporturi Aeriene Române TAROM S.A., doing business as TAROM, is the flag carrier and oldest currently operating airline of Romania, based in Otopeni near Bucharest.
 Its headquarters and its main hub are at Henri Coandă International Airport.
 It is currently the second largest airline operating in Romania based on international destinations, international flights and the third largest measured by fleet size and passengers carried.
Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA (), trading as Norwegian, is a Norwegian low-cost airline.
 It is the third largest low-cost carrier in Europe, the largest airline in Scandinavia, and the ninth-largest airline in Europe in terms of passenger numbers.
 It offers a high-frequency domestic flight schedule within Scandinavia and Finland, and to business destinations such as London, as well as to holiday destinations in the Mediterranean and the Canary Islands, transporting over 30 million people in 2016.
 The airline is known for its distinctive livery of white with a red nose, with portraits of distinguished Scandinavians on the tail fins of its aircraft.
Sde Dov Airport (Hebrew: שדה דב‎ ‎ , "lit."
 Dov Field, Arabic: مطار سدي دوف‎ ‎ ), also known as Dov Hoz Airport (Hebrew: נמל התעופה דב הוז‎ ‎ , "Nemal HaTe'ufa Dov Hoz", Arabic: مطار دوف هوز‎ ‎ ) (IATA: SDV, ICAO: LLSD) is an airport located in Tel Aviv, Israel which mainly handles scheduled domestic flights to Eilat and Uvda (a.k.a. Ovda), northern Israel (Haifa and the Galilee), and the Golan Heights.
 It is the largest airport in Tel Aviv proper, and the second largest in the area, after Ben Gurion International Airport on the outskirts of Lod.
 The airport is named after Dov Hoz, one of the pioneers of Jewish aviation.
 The airport is expected to close by the end of 2018 after an agreement was struck re-purposing the land which houses it for residential apartments.
 Commercial flights will move to Ben Gurion Airport.
 The airport is a focus city for Arkia Israel Airlines and Israir Airlines.
Sun Country Airlines is an United States based airline headquartered in the Minneapolis–Saint Paul suburb of Eagan, Minnesota and based at nearby Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport.
 The airline's main focus is flying Minnesotans to warmer destinations during the winter months, such as Florida and Mexico.
 In the summer months, the airline flies passengers between the Twin Cities and the east and west coast in the U.S. Sun Country also operates flights from Dallas/Fort Worth which serves as a focus city for the airline.
 It operates scheduled and charter flights to destinations in the United States, Mexico, Costa Rica and the Caribbean (including Cuba from 2015) as well as ad-hoc charters.
Aeroperlas (acronym for Aerolíneas Islas de Las Perlas) was a regional airline based in Panama City, Panama.
 It was the third largest airline of the country, only surpassed by Air Panama and Copa Airlines.
 From its hub at Marcos A. Gelabert and Enrique Malek International airports, Aeroperlas operated over 50 daily scheduled flights to 15 domestic destinations, as well as charter and courier flights.
 It operated services as part of the Grupo TACA Regional Airlines system.
