Breed clubs are associations or clubs with activities centered on a single, specific breed of a particular species of domesticated animal.
 The purpose of the association will vary with the species of animal and the goals and needs of the members of the association.
 Breed associations or clubs may vary in their goals, activities and nomenclature from country to country, even for the same breed.
 Most domesticated animals, whether they are agricultural animals such as cattle, llamas, poultry, sheep and pigs, or companion animals such as pigeons, horses, cats and dogs, have breed clubs associated with the breed.
The Lonk is a domestic sheep of a specific breed, found in the hills of the central and south Pennines, in the north of England.
 The name "Lonk" derives from the Lancashire word "lanky", meaning long and thin, usually in a person.
 Their range extends into only three counties; Lancashire, Yorkshire and Derbyshire.
 Also known as the Improved Haslingden, the Lonk is of the Blackfaced Mountain type, and is similar to the Derbyshire Gritstone, apart from the absence of horns in that breed.
The Nilgiri langur ("Trachypithecus johnii") is a lutung (a type of Old World monkey) found in the Nilgiri Hills of the Western Ghats in South India.
 Its range also includes Kodagu in Karnataka, Kodayar Hills in Tamil Nadu, and many other hilly areas in Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
 This primate has glossy black fur on its body and golden brown fur on its head.
 It is similar in size and long-tailed like the gray langurs. Females have a white patch of fur on the inner thigh.
 It typically lives in troops of nine to ten monkeys.
 Its diet consists of fruits, shoots and leaves.
 The species is classified as vulnerable due to habitat destruction and poaching for its fur and flesh, the latter believed to have aphrodisiac properties.
A carriage dog or coach dog refers to a type of dog rather than a specific breed.
 Dogs of this type were usually bred and trained to trot alongside carriages to protect the occupants from banditry or other interference.
 They were usually owned and used by the wealthy or traders and merchants.
 The dogs were trained to attack the horses used by highwaymen, giving the owners' human security time to respond to the actual robbers.
Despite its name, the Alaska Rabbit originates in Germany.
 It is a medium-sized rabbit breed, weighing around 3–4 kg (7-9 lb) with glossy black fur, any colour other than black is a fault for this breed.
A karakul (or qaraqul) hat (Pashto/Persian: قراقلی) is a hat made from the fur of the Qaraqul breed of sheep, often from the fur of aborted lamb foetuses.
 The triangular hat is part of the costume of the native people of Kabul which has been worn by many generations of men in Afghanistan.
 The fur from which it is made is referred to as "Astrakhan", "broadtail", "qaraqulcha", or "Persian lamb".
 Qaraqul means black fur in Turkic, similar types of hats are common among Turkic peoples.
 The hat is peaked, and folds flat when taken off of the wearer's head.
A kolpik is a type of traditional headgear worn in families of some Chassidic "rebbes" (Hasidic rabbis), by unmarried children on Shabbat, and by some "rebbes" on some special occasions other than Shabbat or major holidays.
 The kolpik is made from brown fur, as opposed to a "spodik", worn by Polish chassidic dynasties, which is fashioned out of black fur.
The developmental life stage of dogs requires a specific intake of nutrients to ensure proper growth and development and to meet energy requirements.
 Despite the fact that puppies have different nutritional requirements compared to their adult counterparts, of the 652 breeders surveyed in the United States and Canada in 2012, 8.7% report feeding puppies commercial diets not intended for the developmental life stage of canines.
 Large and small dog breeds have even more specific nutrient requirements during growth, such as adjusted calcium to phosphorus ratio, and as such should receive a breed specific growth formula.
 Feeding diets formulated by a nutritionist for specific breed and life stage differences in nutrient requirements ensures a growing puppy will receive the proper nutrition associated with appropriate skeletal, neurological and immune development.
 This includes nutrients such as protein, fibre, essential fatty acids, calcium and vitamin E.
 It is therefore important to feed puppies a diet that meets the minimum and/or maximum requirements established by the National Research Council.
A black cat is a domestic cat with black fur that may be a mixed or specific breed.
 The Cat Fanciers' Association (CFA) recognizes 22 cat breeds that can come with solid black coats.
 The Bombay breed is exclusively black.
 All-black fur pigmentation is slightly more prevalent in male cats than female cats.
 Their high melanin pigment content causes most black cats to have yellow (golden) eyes (irises).
A breed registry, also known as a herdbook, studbook or register, in animal husbandry and the hobby of animal fancy, is an official list of animals within a specific breed whose parents are known.
 Animals are usually registered by their breeders when they are still young.
 The terms "studbook" and "register" are also used to refer to lists of male animals "standing at stud", that is, those animals actively breeding, as opposed to every known specimen of that breed.
 Such registries usually issue certificates for each recorded animal, called a pedigree, pedigreed animal documentation, or most commonly, an animal's "papers".
 Registration papers may consist of a simple certificate or a listing of ancestors in the animal's background, sometimes with a chart showing the lineage.
