"Mille Lune Mille Onde" is the second single from Italian pop tenor Andrea Bocelli's 2001 album, "Cieli di Toscana".
 The song was written by Francesco Sartori, Claudio Corradini and Lucio Quarantotto, the writers of Bocelli's "Con te partirò" and "Canto della Terra", and by multiple Grammy Award winner David Foster, and is among Bocelli's most popular and well-known songs.
 The song is used in all of Barilla's pasta commercials.
Mario Vicini (Cesena, 21 February 1913 — Cesena, 6 December 1995) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer.
 Vicini won the 1940 Italian road race championship, as well as the Giro del Lazio and the Giro di Toscana.
 He rode the Tour de France twice, finishing 2nd (in 1937) and 6th (in 1938).
 In the Giro d'Italia, Vicini won 3 stages, and finished third in 1939.
The Italian Capuchin Girolamo da Montesarchio spent twenty years in the mid-17th century in the Kingdom of Kongo in West Africa.
 His manuscript account, "Viaggio al Congho", provides modern historians a rich source of information on the region's history and society.
 The manuscript, preserved in the Archivio Provinciale dei Cappucini di Provincia di Toscana, Montughi Convent, Florence, was first edited and published in 1976.
 Montesarchio's account supplements the material in Giovanni Cavazzi da Montecuccolo's "Istorica descrizione", printed in 1687.
Cieli di Toscana (Tuscan Skies) is Andrea Bocelli's eighth studio album, released in 2001.
Tuscan Skies (Cieli di Toscana) is the third DVD released by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.
"Melodramma" is the lead single from Italian pop tenor Andrea Bocelli's 2001 album, "Cieli di Toscana".
 The song was written by Pierpaolo Guerrini and Paolo Luciani, and is among Bocelli's most popular and well-known songs.
Prince Ottaviano de' Medici Ottaviano di Toscana aka Ottaviano de' Medici di Toscana di Ottajano (b. 1957) is an Italian noble and member of the Ottajano branch of the House of Medici.
 He is the president of the Associazione Internationale Medicae (International Medici Association) and one of the founders of Save Florence, an initiative to conserve the cultural heritage of the city of Florence.
The 7th Infantry Division "Lupi di Toscana" ("Wolves of Tuscany") was an infantry division of the Italian Army during World War II.
 It was in 1938 formed as binary (2-regiment) division from infantry brigade in the city of Brescia.
Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany (Italian: "Ferdinando IV, Granduca di Toscana" ; 10 June 1835 – 17 January 1908) was the last Grand Duke of Tuscany from 1859 to 1860.
 The House of Habsburg-Lorraine continued to hold the title as pretenders until the end of World War I.
The Giro di Toscana is a road bicycle race held annually in Tuscany, Italy.
 From 2005 to 2014, the race has been organised as a 1.1 event on the UCI Europe Tour.
 The race was not held in 2015.
 On April 4, 2016, it was announced that the race will return in September 2016 as a three-race challenge (similar to the Trittico Lombardo or Vuelta a Mallorca), consisting in three one-day races held consecutively in Tuscany.
 Each race will award points to the best placed riders, and the rider who score most points will win the overall classification of Giro della Toscana.
 This new edition will be named "Giro della Toscana - Memorial Alfredo Martini", in memory of Alfredo Martini, former cyclist and coach of the Italian national team.
