Warumpi Band were an Australian country and Aboriginal rock group which formed in the outback settlement of Papunya, Northern Territory in 1980.
 The original line-up was George Burarrwanga on vocals and didgeridoo, Gordon Butcher on drums, his brother Sammy Butcher on guitar and bass guitar, and Neil Murray on rhythm guitar and backing vocals.
 Their key singles are "Jailanguru Pakarnu" (1983), "Blackfella/Whitefella" (1985), "Sit Down Money" (1986), "My Island Home" (1987) and "No Fear" (1987).
 The group released three albums, "Big Name, No Blankets" (1985), "Go Bush!"
 (1987) and "Too Much Humbug" (1996).
 From late 1987 to mid-1995 the group rarely performed as Murray focused on his solo career.
 In early 1995, Christine Anu (former backing singer in Murray's touring group, The Rainmakers), issued a cover version of "My Island Home".
 Warumpi Band regrouped before disbanding in 2000.
 Burarrwanga died on 10 June 2007 of lung cancer.
Serge-Alain Maguy (born 20 October 1970) is n Ivorian former footballer who played for Africa Sports, Atlético Madrid, ASEC, Satellite FC, CS Chênois, as well as the Ivorian national side.
Franck Dja Djédjé (born 2 June 1986) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a striker for FC Kaisar in the Kazakhstan Premier League.
Amed Davy Sylla (born 4 October 1982) is a footballer who has played for FC Nordjylland, ÍF Fuglafjørður, B36 Tórshavn, Birkirkara, FC Amager, Hvidovre IF, Istres, Alfortville and Cesson Sévigné.
 A forward, Sylla holds French, Ivorian and Russian citizenship.
Yacoub Meite (born 10 February 1990 in Paris) is a French-born Ivorian footballer who plays for Swiss team FC Le Mont.
 Meite made his Ligue 2 debut at Tours FC during the 2011-2012 season.
Rita Akaffou (born 5 December 1986) is an Ivorian professional footballer.
 She was part of the Ivorian squad for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Gilles Donald Yapi Yapo (born 30 January 1982 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian footballer who currently plays in midfield for FC Aarau in the Swiss Challenge League.
 He has represented Ivorian national team.
Toronto Rocks was an hour-long television program presenting music videos on CITY-TV in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in the 1980s, starting in 1984.
 It aired live at 4PM weekdays and was initially hosted by John Majhor.
 Majhor was a longtime DJ at 1050 CHUM AM in Toronto and eventually became one of Canada's first "VJs" with the development of music videos. "Toronto Rocks" was a predecessor to MuchMusic and MTV, and had kids rushing home from school every day to catch their favourite videos of the early 80's.
 During the show, Majhor played videos by a wide variety of the big name artists of the day.
 All the way from Michael Jackson's "Beat It", Van Halen's "Jump", Yes' "Owner of a Lonely Heart", to the Eurythmics' "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" and other songs released in the 1980s by artists who became commercially popular during the decade.
 Wednesdays on the show were set aside for "Mid Week Metal Mania", where Majhor played only heavy metal videos from the hard rock and "hair bands" of the day.
 He also interviewed in-studio guests and had various contests and giveaways.
 Over 400 episodes of "Toronto Rocks" were aired.
"Blackfella/Whitefella" is an Australian country rock song written by Neil Murray and George Rrurrambu, recorded by their Aboriginal rock group, Warumpi Band, and released as the sole single from their 1985 album, "Big Name, No Blankets" on Parole Records and Powderworks Records.
 While not a chart success, the song drew attention to issues of racism in Australia through lyrics that encourage harmony and co-operation by people of all races.
 The song received national airplay and attention in 1986 when politically charged rockers and Powderworks Records founders Midnight Oil accompanied the band on a free concert tour of remote Aboriginal communities as the Blackfella/Whitefella Tour.
Ian Mathers (born 7 September 1930) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and a big name in the Australian Brass Band community.
 One of the founders of the Victorian State Youth Band he has an award named after him in the Australian National Brass Band Championships.
