Lt Col. Stewart Francis Newcombe (1878–1956) was a British army officer and associate of T. E. Lawrence.
Lt Col David Robertson MacDonald of Kinlochmoidart FRSE (1764-1845) was a British army officer linked to the history of Sri Lanka (then known as Ceylon).
Lieutenant colonel (Lt Col), is a rank in the British Army and Royal Marines which is also used in many Commonwealth countries.
 The rank is superior to major, and subordinate to colonel.
 The comparable Royal Navy rank is commander, and the comparable rank in the Royal Air Force and many Commonwealth air forces is Wing Commander.
Major General Janak Singh (surname Katoch) CIE, OBI, ( 7 Aug 1872 – 15 Mar 1972) hailed from Village Khaira, District Kangra in the present day State of Himachal Pradesh in India.
 He was Army Minister and later Revenue minister in the government of Maharaja Hari Singh of Jammu and Kashmir State.
 On 10 Aug 1947 he was brought out of retirement to be the Prime Minister at a turbulent time on the eve of the independence of India and Pakistan.
 He steered the Standstill Agreement that Kashmir State wanted to sign with India and Pakistan.
 The agreement was not signed by India, before further deliberations were done Pakistan assisted raiders had marched into Kashmir state.
 Maj Gen Janak Singh asked to be relieved and was replaced by Mehr Chand Mahajan on 15 Oct 1947.
On 13 September 1947 Maharaja Hari Singh had requested for loan of the services of Lt. Col. Kashmir Singh Katoch (son of Major-General Janak Singh) of the Indian Army to act as the Military Adviser to the Maharaja.
 This request was granted by the Indian government.
 Lt Col Kashmir Singh Katoch was the eldest of the three sons of Major General Janak Singh.
 He had won a Military Cross with a unit of the Frontier Force Rifles during World War II in action in Italy.
 He ultimately retired as a Lt General in the Indian Army.
 The other two sons also served in the Indian Army, one in the 5 Gorkha Rifles Brigadier Devendra Singh Katoch, AVSM and the youngest Lt Colonel Rajendra Singh Katoch followed his father into the J&K State forces where he was commissioned into the J&K Bodyguard Cavalry.
The 24th Cavalry (Frontier Force) is a regiment of the Pakistan Army, raised on June 7, 1962.
 It was one of the armoured regiments assembled and trained following independence to meet Pakistan’s growing defense needs.
 The officer selected to train and command the new unit was Lt Col Muhammad Afzal Khan.
 Under the command of Lt. Col. Sardar Ali Imam the 24th Cavalry was involved in the first ever tank assault in the history of the Pakistan army.
 It was proved to be the best cavalry unit against India.
Lt Col Megh Singh (born 1 March 1924), is an Indian military officer.
 Hailing from Rajasthan, India, he joined the Patiala State forces and then taken into the 3 Guards Lt.Col.Megh Singh (also) Maj.Megh Singh is known as a person who created the Special forces in India.
 Then Maj. Megh Singh who was surpassed for the promotion to Lt.Col.
 approached Lt. Gen. Harbaksh Singh and he volunteered to raise a Special Commando for India.
 Lt. Gen. Harbaksh Singh accepted Maj.Megh Singh's proposal.
 Maj Megh Singh raised a special force of volunteers personally chosen by him.
 The formation was not formally authorized by the Government so it is informally named as the 'Meghdoot force' in the name of Maj.Megh Singh.
 Lt.Gen.
 Harbaksh Singh in his book In the Line of Duty: A Soldier remembers mentions that Lt.Col.
 Megh Singh was demoted to Major after a court martial and after his daring raid across the enemy line when he returned with a bullet injury in his thigh, Lt. Gen. Harbaksh Singh again promoted him as a Lt.Col.
Lt Col. John Cross OBE is a retired British Gurkha officer and author living in Nepal.
 He served in the British Army from 1943 to 1982, most of that time in Asia.
 His first active service was in the Burma Campaign 1944–1945 against the Japanese.
 After the world war he became heavily involved in counter-insurgency during the Malayan Emergency and the Borneo Confrontation, and later training and recruiting.
Lt Col Russell Richard Thomas Young {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (25 June 1902 – 1990) was a New Zealand Davis Cup player, army officer, and corporate executive.
42nd Armoured Regiment is an armoured regiment of the Indian Army Armoured Corps of the Indian Army.
 The regiment was raised with an "all India class" at Babina on 1 January 1981 by Lt Col (later Brigadier) Ranjit Talwar (formerly of 18 Cavalry).
 The first Colonel of 42nd Armoured Regiment was Lt Gen G. S. Klair, AVSM.
 It was initially equipped with T-55 tanks, but was re-equipped with T-90 tanks.
 The regiment has served in many different locations mostly across northern India like Ambala, Jalandhar, Lucknow, Babina, Barmer and Amritsar.
Lt Col Mimy Matimbe is a Senior Officer in the South African Army and was appointed as the first female Officer Commanding in the South African Army Artillery Formation when she took over command of 4 Artillery Regiment on 7 April 2017.
