Lou Malnati's Pizzeria is an American Chicago-style pizza restaurant chain headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois.
 It was founded by the son of Rudy Malnati, who was instrumental in developing the recipe for Chicago-style pizza, and it has become one of the Chicago area's best-known local lines of pizza restaurants.
 Lou Malnati's operates a division of its company called Lou Malnati's Presents Tastes of Chicago, a partnership with Portillo's Restaurants and Eli's Cheesecake, which ships Chicago-style cuisine nationally.
Basin and range topography is an alternating landscape of parallel mountain ranges and valleys.
 It is a result of crustal extension/stretching (extensional tectonics) of the lithosphere (crust and upper mantle) due to mantle upwelling, gravitational collapse, crustal thickening, or relaxation of confining stresses.
 Crustal extension causes the thinning and deformation of the upper crust in an orientation perpendicular to the direction of extension.
 As the plates pull apart, they thin allowing the hot mantle to rise close to the surface.
 When the crust is extended it fractures along a fault plane, creating a series of long parallel normal faults. Between these normal faults are blocks, which subside, get uplifted or tilted.
 This is known as block faulting.
 Basins are formed due to subsidence of a block, while the blocks adjacent to the subsidence gets uplifted creating ranges.
 Normal faults are on both sides the blocks; creating alternating elevated or subsided blocks, otherwise known as horst and graben.
 Basins and ranges can also be formed by blocks that are tilted causing one side to subside while the other side gets uplifted.
 These only have one side with a normal fault, this is known as tilted block faulting.
 Extension causes the plate to stretch, fracture and thin.
 Mountains rise and valleys drop, over a long period of time creating what we see as basin and range topography.
Eatza Pizza was a buffet-style restaurant chain founded in Arizona in 1997.
 As recently as 2007, it was one of the largest all-buffet pizza chains in the United States, with 112 locations in 14 states and Puerto Rico.
MrJims.Pizza is a U.S. chain of pizza restaurants based in Farmers Branch, Texas.
 Jim Johnson opened the first restaurant in Detroit, Michigan in 1975.
 There are currently 42 locations in Louisiana, Texas, North Carolina, Nevada and Wyoming, with the majority located in northern Texas.
 MrJims.Pizza is widely known for their crust.
 Their hand stretched pizza dough is made fresh in the store daily from flour containing 100% spring wheat.
 Every single MrJims.Pizza franchise has online ordering capabilities.
 In 2006, MrJims.Pizza introduced a unique new item, Nacho Stix, to their menu.
 It quickly became one of their bestsellers, and lead to a resurgence in the popularity of MrJims.
New Haven-style pizza, locally known as apizza ( , from Neapolitan "’a pizza" (] ) "the pizza"), is a style of Neapolitan pizza common in and around New Haven, Connecticut.
 It originated at the Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana and is now served in many other pizza restaurants in the area, most notably Sally's Apizza and Modern Apizza.
 This geographically limited pizza style has been favorably referenced by national critics.
California-style pizza (also known as California pizza or Gourmet pizza) is a style of single-serving pizza that combines New York and Italian thin crust with toppings from the California cuisine cooking style.
 Its invention is generally attributed to chef Ed LaDou, and Chez Panisse, in Berkeley, California.
 Wolfgang Puck, after meeting LaDou, popularized the style of pizza in the rest of the country.
 It is served in a number of California Cuisine restaurants.
 Such restaurant chains as California Pizza Kitchen, Extreme Pizza, and Sammy's Woodfired Pizza are three major pizza franchises associated with California-style pizza.
 Nancy Silverton's Pizzeria Mozza is also a popular California-style pizza restaurant in Los Angeles.
Tilted block faulting, also called rotational block faulting, is a mode of structural evolution in extensional tectonic events, a result of tectonic plates stretching apart.
 When the upper lithospheric crust experiences extensional pressures, the brittle crust fractures, creating detachment faults.
 These normal faults express themselves on a regional scale; upper crust fractures into tilted fault blocks, and ductile lower crust ascends.
 This results in uplift, cooling, and exhumation of ductily deformed deeper crust.
 The large unit of tilted blocks and associated crust can help form an integral part of metamorphic core complexes and can occur on both continental and oceanic crust.
Lemon meringue pie is a type of baked pie, usually served for dessert, made with a crust usually made of shortcrust pastry, lemon custard filling and a fluffy meringue topping.
 Lemon meringue pie is prepared with a bottom pie crust, with the meringue directly on top of the lemon filling.
 No upper crust is used, as in a cherry pie.
Upper Crust Pizzeria is a Boston, Massachusetts based chain of pizzeria restaurants.
 The chain went bankrupt following a finding by the U.S. Department of Labor that it had engaged in wage theft (not paying workers their legally required wages).
Rhubarb pie is a pie with a rhubarb filling.
 Popular in the UK, where rhubarb has been cultivated since the 1600s, its introduction to Europe from China is attributed to Marco Polo.
 Besides diced rhubarb, it almost always contains a large amount of sugar to balance the intense tartness of the plant.
 A strawberry rhubarb pie, is a type of tart and sweet pie made with a strawberry and rhubarb filling.
 Sometimes tapioca is also used.
 The pie is usually prepared with a bottom pie crust and a variety of styles of upper crust.
 In the United States, often a lattice-style upper crust is used.
 This pie is a traditional dessert in the northeastern United States but is little known outside of that region in the US.
 It is part of New England cuisine.
 Rhubarb pies and desserts are popular in Canada too since the rhubarb plant can survive in cold weather climates.
