The Freedom Sessions is an album by Sarah McLachlan which was released on 6 December 1994 on Nettwerk in Canada and 28 March 1995 on Arista Records in the United States.
 The album consisted primarily of previously unreleased alternative versions and remixes of McLachlan recordings, plus a cover version of "Ol' 55" by Tom Waits.
 Many of the tracks were recorded during the same sessions as McLachlan's 1993 album "Fumbling Towards Ecstasy".
 In subsequent live performances, some of these songs (most notably "Ice Cream" and "Hold On") were reworked to match the style in which they were played on this album.
Matt Johnson (born November 6, 1970) is an American drummer who played in the band of Jeff Buckley, appearing and co-writing one song on his album "Grace" in 1994, as well as on subsequent live releases and EPs.
 Although he stopped playing with Buckley before recording began on what was to become the singer's final original album (released posthumously as "Sketches for My Sweetheart the Drunk"), Johnson shares writing credits for one of its tracks.
Dust is the sixth studio album by the Scottish Celtic fusion band Peatbog Faeries, released on 8 August 2011 on Peatbog Records, although pre-release copies were released on 20 July 2011 through the band's online shop.
 Following the band's 2008 tour and subsequent live album, the band's fiddle player Adam Sutherland and drummer Iain Copeland left the band, replaced by Peter Tickell and Stu Haikney respectively whose experience helped stir the band in a new direction.
 The band set to record "Dust" in 2011 with longtime producer Calum MacLean, beginning work in Orbost and concluding work at Cumbernauld College.
 Haikney brought experimental fiddle techniques to the band, and similarly experimental production techniques, whilst the entire band experimented with various genres of music including African music, funk, reggae, ambient music and electronic music alongside the band's traditional Celtic fusion sound.
 The brass sound of previous albums also returned.
 The album was also an attempt to translate the band's live sound to studio work.
"Rock and Roll All Nite" is a song by Kiss, originally released on their 1975 album "Dressed to Kill".
 It was released as the A-side of their fifth single, with the album track "Getaway."
 The studio version of the song peaked at No. 68 on the "Billboard" singles chart, besting the band's previous charting single, "Kissin' Time" (#89).
 A subsequent live version, released as a single in October 1975, eventually reached No. 12 in early 1976, the first of six Top 20 songs for Kiss in the 1970s.
 "Rock and Roll All Nite" became Kiss's signature song and has served as the group's closing concert number in almost every concert since 1976.
 In 2008 it was named the 16th greatest hard rock song of all time by VH1.
R.E.O. is the sixth studio album by REO Speedwagon, released in 1976.
 It peaked at number 159 on the Billboard 200 chart in 1976, It marked the return of Kevin Cronin to the band after a four-year absence.
 Five of the songs ("Keep Pushin", "Any Kind of Love", "(Only A) Summer Love", "(I Believe) Our Time Is Gonna Come", and "Flying Turkey Trot") were featured on the band's subsequent live album, "".
 Many fans refer to the album as "C.O.W." (or simply "COW") due to the background of the cover art.
The Butterfly Ball and the Grasshopper's Feast is a concept album and subsequent live rock opera appearing in 1974 and 1975 respectively, based on the children's poem of a similar title.
 The album cover design is from Alan Aldridge's design for a 1973 book based on the poem.
Workbook is the 1989 debut solo album by American guitarist and singer Bob Mould, following the breakup of the influential rock band Hüsker Dü.
 The album has a strong folk influence and lighter overall sound than he had been known for up to that point, although heavy guitar still features occasionally.
 Drummer Anton Fier and bassist Tony Maimone, both of Pere Ubu fame, served as Mould's rhythm section on the album and on the subsequent live shows.
 The single "See a Little Light" was a hit on the US Modern Rock chart.
"St. Stephen" is a song by the Grateful Dead, written by Jerry Garcia, Phil Lesh and Robert Hunter and originally released on the 1969 studio album "Aoxomoxoa".
 The same year, a live version of the song was released on "Live/Dead", their first concert album.
 Unlike the studio version, live versions usually included a section of the song called the "William Tell Bridge", which was used to segue into "The Eleven".
 After being played frequently in live concerts from the late 1960s to the early 1970s, the song fell out of regular performance; subsequent live performances of St. Stephen were thus considered a special event by deadheads.
Live in Boston (a.k.a. "Boston Live" and "Jumping at Shadows") is a live album by British blues-rock band Fleetwood Mac.
 It was recorded over three nights at the Boston Tea Party venue in Boston, between 5 and 7 February 1970.
 The recordings were made for a proposed live album which was to have been released during 1970, but the project was shelved and the tapes remained unreleased until Shanghai Records issued seven songs from the performances as "Live in Boston" in February 1985.
 The album was reissued a few months later as "Jumping at Shadows" by Varrick Records and was re-released again in 1989 as "Boston Live" by Castle Communications.
 In addition, a number of other compilations featuring material dating from Fleetwood Mac's February 1970 residency at the Boston Tea Party appeared during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
"Chest Fever" is a song recorded by the Band on its 1968 debut, "Music from Big Pink".
 It is, according to Peter Viney, a historian of the group, "the Big Pink track that has appeared on most subsequent live albums and compilations", second only to "The Weight".
