Justin Gimelstob and Sébastien Lareau were the defending champions but only Gimelstob competed that year with Jared Palmer.
Patrick Galbraith and Justin Gimelstob were the defending champions, but did not partner together this year.
 Galbraith partnered Brian MacPhie, losing in the quarterfinals.
 Gimelstob partnered Jared Palmer, losing in the first round.
Justin Gimelstob and Richey Reneberg were the defending champions, but Gimelstob did not participate this year.
 Reneberg partnered Jared Palmer, successfully defending his title.
Justin Gimelstob and Graydon Oliver were the defending champions, but Oliver did not participate this year.
 Gimelstob partnered Nathan Healey and successfully defended his title.
The 2016 Angelique Kerber tennis season officially began on 5 January with the start of the 2016 Brisbane International.
 Kerber entered the season as the number 10 ranked player and the defending champion at four tournaments.
This is a list of the main career statistics of German professional tennis player, Angelique Kerber.
 To date, Kerber has won ten WTA singles titles including two grand slam singles titles at the 2016 Australian Open and 2016 US Open and at least one title on each playing surface (hard, clay and grass).
 She was also the runner-up at the 2016 Wimbledon Championships and a Silver medalist at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics.
 Kerber became the world No. 1 for the first time in her career on 12 September 2016.
Justin Gimelstob and Nathan Healey were the defending champions, but Gimelstob did not participate this year.
 Healey partnered Ashley Fisher, losing in the first round.
Grant Stafford and Kevin Ullyett were the defending champions.
 Stafford chose not to participate this year.
 Ullyett partnered with Piet Norval but lost in the semifinals to the eventual champions Justin Gimelstob and Sébastien Lareau.
 <BR>Justin Gimelstob and Sébastien Lareau won in the final over David Adams and John-Laffnie de Jager, 7–5, 7–6.
Justin Gimelstob and Byron Talbot were the defending champions, but Talbot did not partner this year.
 Gimelstob partnered Patrick Galbraith.
The 2001 Canada Masters – Doubles was the men's doubles event of the one hundred and twelfth edition of the Canada Masters; a WTA Tier I tournament and the most prestigious men's tennis tournament held in Canada.
 Sébastien Lareau and Daniel Nestor were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Lareau with Justin Gimelstob and Nestor with Sandon Stolle.
 Gimelstob and Lareau lost in the first round to Mark Knowles and Brian MacPhie, as did Nestor and Stolle to Jan-Michael Gambill and Simon Larose.
 Jiří Novák and David Rikl won in the final 6–4, 3–6, 6–3 against Donald Johnson and Jared Palmer.
