Stephen "Steve" George Arbuckle is a Canadian born actor born in the village of Donkin (Arbuckle Lane), Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.
 He started his career as a theatre actor at Cape Breton University, then made his first move into film in 2003 with the lead role in the short film "Todd and the Book of Pure Evil", which also starred Julian Richings and John Bregar.
 He appeared as Oliver Peele in 2010 in the pilot episode of the CBS show "Blue Bloods".
 Arbuckle is now living in Toronto, Ontario.
Taiwanese entertainer Jolin Tsai ( ) has been featured in two feature films, five short films, four television dramas, and one variety show.
 In 2001, she made her acting debut as a guest appearance in the television drama, "Six Friends", which was directed by Ma Kung-wei.
 Her next television dramas, "Come to My Place", directed by Doze Niu, and "In Love", directed by Ouyang Sheng and Chang Chih-chao, were released in 2002.
 Tsai followed it with a leading role in the television drama, "Hi Working Girl" (2003), which was directed by Huang Ko-i and Wu Ssu-ta, with Taiwanese actor Show Lo.
 She received mixed reviews for her leading role in the television drama.
 To further promote her studio album in 2007, she played the title role in the film, "Agent J", which was directed by Jeff Chang, Kuang Sheng, and Lai Wei-kang.
 She was received positively for her leading role in the film.
 In 2016, she joined the voice cast of Disney animated film, "Zootopia", which was directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore.
 She voiced a European rabbit named Judy Hopps who is a newly appointed member of the Zootopia Police Department in the film's Taiwanese version.
Siobhan Margaret Finneran (born 27 April 1966) is an English television, film and theatre actress of Irish descent, whose catchphrase "Right.
 Mam!"
 has been used in several of her programmes.
 She made her screen debut in the 1987 Independent film "Rita, Sue and Bob Too", and subsequently worked consistently in television drama including roles in "Coronation Street", (1989–1990) "Clocking Off" (2000–2002) and "The Amazing Mrs Pritchard" (2006).
 In 2005 Finneran originated the lead female role in the stage play "On the Shore of the Wide World" and was awarded the Manchester Evening News Theatre Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.
 Also a comedy performer, Finneran appeared as a leading character in the first seven series of popular ITV sitcom "Benidorm" (2007–2015).
Dead at 17 is a 2008 Canadian drama film directed by Douglas Jackson.
This film has been music composed by Richard Bowers.
The film stars Barbara Niven, John Bregar, Justin Bradley, Matthew Raudsepp and Kyle Switzer in the lead roles.
Sebastian Mantilla is a director and screenwriter.
 In 2004, he directed the Cannes and Sundance selected short film, "Con diva" ("With Diva").
 "Next to Babilonia" is his independent film about the Spanish mercenaries during the Iraq War, winner of Best Film award at Madrid Int'l.
 At the 2008 Film Festival, he was given the Best Director award at the European Independent Film Festival 2009 and screened at "Cartagena Film Festival" in Colombia.
Out in Fifty is a 1999 independent film directed and written by Bojesse Christopher and Scott Leet, which also stars in this film together with actor Mickey Rourke.
 Film also stars Peter Greene, Ed Lauter, Balthazar Getty, James Avery and Christina Applegate as "Lilah".
 A central role is developing by Nina Offenböck, the gorgeous Swedish actress, as Gloria.
 It is an action packed psychologicial thriller film.
My Brother is a 2006 film directed by Academy Award nominee Anthony Lover.
 It stars Vanessa L. Williams, Tatum O'Neal, Nashawn Kearse and Fredro Starr.
 It also stars two first time actors with Down syndrome, Christopher Scott and Donovan Jennings.
 Two developmentally disabled actors played leading roles, and also an African American actor with a developmental disability played a leading role.
Barbara Niven (born February 26, 1953) is an American actress and producer, best known for her performances in Lifetime movies and television roles in "", "One Life to Live", and "Cedar Cove".
 Niven also had the leading role in the independent film "A Perfect Ending" (2012).
Ashley Cheadle is an Australian actress, surfer and singer, who now lives in Australia .
 Cheadle's has acted in many independent films, many of which have received international attention, her pop-culture popularity in the Surfing industry also led her to Australian television, including roles in Home and Away, Rescue special ops, Rake.
 Tropfest winner of the best film for best cinema photography called No dice Hollywood, on ABC television's "Blue Water High" and in the 2008 film "Fool's Gold".
 MTV mini movie "The Sellars", starring in Vogue photographer Max Doyles "Arc", playing a variety of roles she played in a comedy independent film Super Awesome.
 Played four roles in "The Scenarist, Cheadle also co-wrote a short film in a day with her close friend Bernard Worner 2016, she co-produced the film and played two characters in the mini film Façade, focusing on the danger of the internet Facade we try to create, it was featured at the International Film Festival out of Santa Monica.
Branko Tomović (Serbian Cyrillic: "Бранко Томовић"; born June 17, 1980) is a German-Serbian actor.
 He was born in Münster, Germany, though his actual origin is from the Carpathians in Serbia.
 His parents emigrated in the '70s from the Golubac Fortress area on the Danube and Branko was raised between Germany and Serbia before he studied acting at the prestigious Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute in New York City.
 Tomović was first seen on the big screen in the lead role in the American Film Institute/Sundance drama "Remote Control", for which he received the OmU-Award at the Potsdam Film Festival.
 Currently settled in London, with his dark, brooding looks he has appeared in striking roles on British Television.
 He played the creepy main suspect Antoni Pricha, the Morgue Man, in Jack the Ripper thriller "Whitechapel", the pyromaniac Junky-Henchman Marek Lisowski in the final episodes of "A Touch of Frost" and Polish fighter pilot Miroslaw Feric in the World War II drama "The Untold Battle of Britain".
 Tomovic has worked with internationally respected film directors as Ken Loach, Sönke Wortmann and Paul Greengrass.
 He was named "One to Watch" by "Moviescope Magazine" in 2008 and recent film credits include The Bourne Ultimatum opposite Matt Damon (Dir.
 Paul Greengrass), It's a Free World... (Dir.
 Ken Loach), "The Wolf Man" (Dir.
 Joe Johnston), "Pope Joan" (Dir.
 Sönke Wortmann) and "Interview with a Hitman" (Dir.
 Perry Bhandal).
 In 2010, he won the 'Best Actor' Award at the San Francisco Short Film Festival and at The Accolade Film Awards for his performance as a Serbian soldier who is tormented by grief and guilt after being a witness of war crimes in the drama Inbetween.
 He also stars opposite Debbie Harry in Jimmy Cauty's Road movie Believe the Magic and Steve Stone's ghost thriller Entity with Dervla Kirwan and Charlotte Riley.
 Entity won two awards at the London Independent Film Festival 2013 and Best Film at the British Horror Film Festival where Branko was also nominated for Best Actor.
 The British Filmmakers Alliance honoured him as Best International Actor for his role and he was also chosen as a Rising Star by Icon Magazine.
 He is set to play the title character of Nikola Tesla in the upcoming bio-pic Tesla.
 In 2014, he played Jack Bauer's right-hand man, the mysterious and dangerous Belcheck, next to Kiefer Sutherland in 24: Live Another Day.
 He was also seen opposite Brad Pitt and Logan Lerman in David Ayer's WWII drama Fury.
