The Temple of the Cross is the largest and most significant pyramid within a complex of temples at the Maya ruins of Palenque in the state of Chiapas in Mexico.
 It is located in the south-east corner of the site and consists of three main structures, the Temple of the Sun, the Temple of the Cross, and the Temple of the Foliated Cross.
 The temple is a step pyramid containing bas-relief carvings inside.
 The temple was constructed to commemorate the rise of Chan Bahlum II to the throne after the death of Pacal the Great.
 The bas-relief carvings reveal Chan Bahlum receiving the great gift from his predecessor.
 The cross motif found at the complex allude to the names given to the temples, but in reality the cross is a representation to the World Tree that can be found in the center of the world according to Mayan mythology.
Matthew Martin (born September 12, 1988), better known by his stage name Matt Martians, is an American record producer, illustrator, singer, and songwriter from Atlanta, Georgia.
 Aside from his solo career, Martians was a founding member of Los Angeles hip hop collective Odd Future and is a part of the sub-groups The Jet Age of Tomorrow with Pyramid Vritra, The Super D3Shay with Pyramid Vritra and brandUn DeShay, The Internet with Syd, and Sweaty Martians with Earl Sweatshirt.
Pyramid (stylized as Pyr△mid) is the third album by progressive rock band The Alan Parsons Project, released in 1978.
 It is a concept album centred on the pyramids of Giza.
 At the time the album was conceived, interest in pyramid power and Tutankhamun was widespread in the US and the UK.
 "Pyramid" was nominated for the 1978 Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical.
 Liner notes read "From the rise and fall of an ancient dynasty, to the quest for a key to unlock the secrets of the universe, this album seeks to amplify the haunting echoes of the past and explore the unsolved mysteries of the present.
 Pyramid...the last remaining wonder of the ancient world."
The film begins with several clips from past episodes of "Ultraman X", ranging from the Ultra Flare to Xio's final battle with Greeza.
 Back at the present, Guruman narrated a story about the original Ultraman's fame in the galaxy and presented the Lab Team members a replica of the original Beta Capsule in hopes of calling the Ultra Warrior but instead, it triggered a chain reaction that set the whole lab in explosion.
 Xio members celebrated Daichi's return from his monster observation in Australia, though the party was interrupted by deputy captain Sayuri, who chastised them for eating during the job.
 All of the sudden, they received an abnormal radio wave from the located in Baraji Village, Akita Prefecture, an ancient civilization area where a mysterious pyramid was discovered a long time ago.
 Arriving at the location, Daichi and Asuna Tsukasa Tamaki and her son Yuuto, as well as Carlos Kurosaki, an adventurous celebrity who gains fame in the internet and tries to enter the pyramid as well.
 Entering the pyramid through a hole that Carlos busted, they discover a giant statue of Ultraman Tiga and a blue stone.
 Driven by his own greed, Carlos takes the blue stone by ignoring the warnings that Tsukasa tried to tell and because of this, the pyramid starts to shaken.
 He and his filming crews flee, leaving the rest to Xio and a monster emerges from the pyramid.
 Daichi transformed into X and buy the others some time to escape.
 The monster is too powerful for X to handle, even pummelling Exceed X, the Ultraman's stronger form and forced him to separate with Daichi, damaging the X Devizer before it went underground.
The White Pyramid of Amenemhat II is located in the pyramid field at Dahshur, Egypt, and is now nothing more than a pile of rubble, having been heavily quarried for stone.
 The remaining limestone rubble has given rise to its modern name.
The German football league system, or league pyramid, refers to the hierarchically interconnected league system for association football in Germany that in the 2016–17 season consists of 2,235 divisions having 31,645 teams, in which all divisions are bound together by the principle of promotion and relegation.
 The top three professional levels contain one division each.
 Below this, the semi-professional and amateur levels have progressively more parallel divisions, which each cover progressively smaller geographic areas.
 Teams that finish at the top of their division at the end of each season can rise higher in the pyramid, while those that finish at the bottom find themselves sinking further down.
 In theory it is possible for even the lowest local amateur club to rise to the top of the system and become German football champions one day.
 The number of teams promoted and relegated between the divisions varies, and promotion to the upper levels of the pyramid is usually contingent on meeting additional criteria, especially concerning appropriate facilities and finances.
Pylos is a board game invented by David G. Royffe and published by Gigamic.
 Two players are given 15 marbles each.
 They take turns to make a pyramid in a 4 by 4 square grid (note that 15 × 2 = 4 × 4 + 3 × 3 + 2 × 2 + 1).
 Simple rules allow them to save their marbles — if possible, instead of playing a new marble, a player may rise one of his already played marbles to a higher position, and if any move forms a line or 2×2 square of marbles the player's colour, the player may (and indeed must) remove one or two of his marbles from the board.
 The winner is the player who completes the pyramid.
"Pyramid" is the second single of Filipino pop and R&B singer Jake Zyrus and the lead single from his debut album,Charice.
 The song credited under his pre-gender transition name Charice, features vocals from British Virgin Islands singer Iyaz, was written by David Jassy, Niclas Molinder, Joacim Persson, Johan Alkenäs and R&B singer-songwriter Lyrica Anderson, and produced by Twin and Alke.
 A remix was said to be released on iTunes on February 16, 2010 which was later changed to February 23, the same day as the release of the album version.
 But the album version was delayed and was released on March 2.
 It is Zyrus's first number one single.
 Pyramid is a midtempo pop ballad with lyrics that metaphorically describes the strength of a relationship.
 "Pyramid" peaked at the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at number 56, making Zyrus the second Filipino singer to enter the chart since Jaya's debut single "If You Leave Me Now" peaked on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 44 in 1990.
El Castillo de Huarmey (English: "the Castle on the River Huarmey") is a pyramid mausoleum on the coast of Peru, in the Ancash Region north of Lima which was discovered in an undisturbed condition.
 The 110 acre area round the tomb has been the target of looters for decades.
 The team named the site, which provided evidence of the Wari Empire before 1000 A.D. and the rise of the Inca Empire, the "Temple of the Dead".
 El Castillo de Huarmey was excavated in secret over the course of several months in 2013 to prevent looting.
The German futsal league system, or league pyramid, refers to the hierarchically interconnected league system for Futsal in Germany that in the 2017–18 season consists of the DFB Futsal Cup and 35 divisions, in which all divisions are bound together by the principle of promotion and relegation.
 Teams that finish at the top of their division at the end of each season can rise higher in the pyramid, while those that finish at the bottom find themselves sinking further down.
 In theory, it is possible for even the lowest local club to rise to the top of the system and become German futsal champions one day.
 The number of teams promoted and relegated between the divisions varies, and promotion to the upper levels of the pyramid is usually contingent on meeting additional criteria, especially concerning appropriate facilities and finances.
