Sesame Street Presents: Follow That Bird (commonly shortened to Follow That Bird) is a 1985 American musical road-comedy film, directed by Ken Kwapis, starring many "Sesame Street" characters (both puppets and live actors).
 This was the first of two "Sesame Street" feature films, followed in 1999 by "The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland".
 The film was produced by Sesame Workshop and Warner Bros., and filmed at the Toronto International Studios, and on location in the Greater Toronto Area.
Sexual Life is a 2005 comedy-drama, independent film written and directed by Ken Kwapis, who would go on to chronicle modern romantic life in the better-known "He's Just Not That Into You" in 2009.
 Produced by Ken Aguado and distributed by Showtime Independent Films.
 Cast members include Azura Skye, Carla Gallo, Anne Heche, Elizabeth Banks, Tom Everett Scott, and Steven Weber.
The Beniker Gang is a 1985 American drama film written by Judie Angell and directed by Ken Kwapis.
 The movie stars Andrew McCarthy as Arthur Beniker, Jennifer Dundas as Cassie Beniker, Charles Fields as Edmund Beniker, and Danny Pintauro as Ben Beniker.
"Finale" is the last episode of the American comedy television series "The Office".
 It serves as the 24th and 25th episodes of the ninth season, and the 200th and 201st episodes of the series overall.
 The episode was written by series developer and executive producer Greg Daniels and directed by Ken Kwapis, who directed the series' pilot episode.
 It originally aired on NBC on May 16, 2013, preceded by an hour-long series retrospective.
Jon Paul Puno (born 1985) is an American filmmaker and classical crossover singer.
 As a filmmaker, he has directed films such as Valle de Lágrimas (2006) and Peace Grows (2004).
 And also played a small role in the 2006 movie I Will Always Love You (film).
A Walk in the Woods is a 2015 American biographical comedy-drama film directed by Ken Kwapis, based on the 1998 book/memoir of the same name by Bill Bryson.
 The film stars Robert Redford, Nick Nolte and Emma Thompson.
 The film was released on September 2, 2015, by Broad Green Pictures.
John Ira Bailey, A.S.C. (born August 10, 1942) is an American cinematographer and film director best known for his collaborations with directors Paul Schrader, Lawrence Kasdan, Michael Apted, and Ken Kwapis.
 In August 2017, Bailey was elected President of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for a four-year term.
License to Wed is a 2007 American romantic comedy film starring Robin Williams, Mandy Moore and John Krasinski, and directed by Ken Kwapis.
 The film was released in theaters on July 3, 2007.
Dunston Checks In is a 1996 American family comedy film starring Eric Lloyd, Graham Sack, Jason Alexander, Faye Dunaway, Rupert Everett, Paul Reubens, Glenn Shadix, and introducing Sam the Orangutan as Dunston.
 It was written by John Hopkins and Bruce Graham and directed by Ken Kwapis.
The Beautician and the Beast is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Ken Kwapis and starring Fran Drescher and Timothy Dalton as the title characters.
 The story follows the misadventures of a New York City beautician who is mistakenly hired as the school teacher for the children of the president of a small Eastern European country.
 The story is similar to that of "The King and I", "The Sound of Music", and "Evita", with elements also reminiscent of the sitcom "The Nanny", for which Drescher is most famous.
