Rhytachne is a genus of plants in the grass family.
 They grow principally in wet savannahs in Africa and the Americas.
 More specifically, they tend to prefer transitional zones between marshes and drier upland savannahs.
 In the Americas the genus can be found from southern Mexico and Cuba south to northern Argentina, while in Africa it is present below the Sahara, including in Madagascar.
 Twelve species are included, of which nine are African, two are American, and one, "Rhytachne subgibbosa", is found on both continents.
 The genus is closely related to "Coelorachis".
A paleocontinent or palaeocontinent is a distinct area of continental crust that existed as a major landmass in the geological past.
 There have been many different landmasses throughout Earth’s time.
 They range in sizes, some are just a collection of small microcontinents while others are large conglomerates of crust.
 As time progresses and sea levels rise and fall more crust can be exposed making way for larger landmasses.
 The continents of the past shaped the evolution of organisms on Earth and contributed to the climate of the globe as well.
 As land masses break apart species are separated and that were once the same now have evolved to their new climate.
 The constant movement of these landmasses greatly determines the distribution of organisms on the Earth’s surface.
 This is evident with how similar fossils are found on completely separate continents.
 Also, as continents move, mountain building events (orogenies) occur, causing a shift in the global climate as new rock is exposed and then there is more exposed rock at higher elevations.
 This causes glacial ice expansion and an overall cooler global climate.
 Which effects the overall global climate trend of the Earth.
 The movement of the continents greatly affects the overall dispersal of organisms throughout the world and the trend in climate throughout the Earth’s history.
 Examples include Laurentia, Baltica and Avalonia, which collided together during the Caledonian orogeny to form the Old Red Sandstone paleocontinent of Laurussia.
 Another example includes a collision that occurred during the late Pennsylvanian and early Permian time when there was a collision between the two continents of Tarimsky and Kirghiz-Kazakh.
 This collision was caused because of their askew convergence when the paleoceanic basin closed.
Bruchidius siliquastri is a species of bean weevil.
 It was first found in pods of "Cercis siliquastrum" in China, and has thence been found in several continents.
 Its length ranges from 2.8 to .
 Its body is short and ovate, with a black integument.
 The apex of its femora and the ventral part of its hind tarsi are reddish.
 Its vestiture is made of thin and short setae; dorsally setae are a whitish colour, denser on the scutellum.
 Its pygidium is also covered with setae.
 Its name is derived from its host plant.
The Holarctic is the name for the biogeographic realm that encompasses the majority of habitats found throughout the northern continents of the world, combining Wallace's Palearctic zoogeographical region, consisting of North Africa and all of Eurasia (with the exception of the southern Arabian Peninsula, Southeast Asia, and the Indian subcontinent), and the Nearctic zoogeographical region, consisting of North America, north of Mexico.
 These regions are further subdivided into a variety of ecoregions.
 Many ecosystems, and the animal and plant communities that depend on them, are found across multiple continents in large portions of this realm.
 The continuity of these ecosystems results from the shared glacial history of the realm.
 The floristic Boreal Kingdom corresponds to the Holarctic realm.
Moneuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterflies found in the Neotropical realm.
Palms are symbolically important in the Caribbean, appearing on the coats of arms of several Caribbean nations and on the flag of the West Indies cricket team.
 In 2004, Morici reported that there are about 191 genera and 2339 species of Arecaceae, the palm family.
 Their distribution is biased toward islands - 36% of genera and 52% of species are found only on islands, while 32% of genera and 6% of species are found only on continents.
 Sixty-two percent of monotypic genera are found only on islands.
Anomobryum julaceum, the slender silver-moss, is a species of bryophyte native to all continents except South America and Antarctica.
 "A. julaceum" is found widespread in the temperate regions of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres.
 Its capsules mature beginning in late fall and through the spring.
 It is most commonly found in wet crevices and on sandstone cliffs.
 Additional micro-habitats include tussock tundra with seeps and late snow melt areas and on grantic outcrops.
 In eastern North America it appears to be restricted to acid habitats, in the wet crevices of sandstone cliffs or other seepy niches.
 Overall, "A. julaceum" resembles species of the genus "Pohlia", and its leaves are similar to those of "Bryum argenteum"; it can only be separated from "Pohlia" and "Bryum" using a microscope.
 "Anomobryum julaceum" can be distinguished from "Bryum argenteum" by its strongly julaceous, shiny leaves.
Neoscona arabesca is a common orb-weaver spider found throughout the United States and Canada.
 Often called the "arabesque orbweaver," after the cryptic, brightly-colored, swirling markings on its prominent abdomen, this spider can be found in fields, forests, gardens, and on human structures.
 "Neoscona" species are among the most common and abundant orb weavers and are found on all continents.
 Females range in size from 5-7 mm and males 5-6 mm .
Cyclosorus interruptus, the swamp shield-fern, is a fern in the family Thelypteridaceae, that is native to the tropics and subtropics of all the continents.
 In the New World, it is found from Mexico to Argentina, and in the Antilles.
 In the Old World, it is found in India, China, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and South Africa.
 It is also found in Australia, New Zealand, Hawaii and other islands in the Pacific Ocean.
 The various populations differ with respect to genetic cytotypes, glands, pubescence, and frond size.
 Its habitat is the vicinity of freshwater swamps and it may reach 1 m in height.
Uvala is originally a local toponym used by people in some regions in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Serbia.
 In geosciences it denotes a closed karst depression, a terrain form usually of elongated or compound structure and of larger size than that of sinkholes (dolines).
 It is a morphological form frequently found in the “Outer Dinarides” anywhere between Slovenia and Greece.
 But large closed karst depressions are found on all continents in different landscapes and therefore uvala has become a globally established term, used also to distinguish such depressions from poljes (size of many km).
 Definitions of uvalas are often poorly empirically supported.
 “The coalescence of dolines” is a most frequently found and still dominant explanation.
 Yet because of the ongoing dissatisfaction with this definition the term ‘uvala’ has often been belittled – occasionally it was even proposed that the term be given up altogether.
