The Brynderwyn Range or Brynderwyn Hills is a ridge extending east-west across the Northland Peninsula in northern New Zealand some 60 kilometres south of Whangarei, from the southern end of Bream Bay in the east to the Otamatea River (an arm of the Kaipara Harbour) in the west.
 Though not of great height (reaching only some 450 metres) it is a notable feature of the Northland Region's geography, not least because it is traversed by State Highway 1, which is forced to follow a tortuous route for some distance as it descends to the south.
 The small settlement of Brynderwyn lies at the southern foot of the hills, at the junction of SH1 and SH12.
 There are different walks of up to 10 km giving views of the Whangarei Heads, Bream Bay and out to sea.
Paradisbakkerne ("hills of paradise"), also Helvedesbakkerne ("hills of hell"), is a group of hills in Denmark, located in the east of the island of Bornholm.
 It is situated approximately 3 km northwest of Nexø.
 The privately owned area consists of hilly, rocky landscapes with narrow rift valleys lined by almost vertical cliffs, making it popular for nature walks.
 Typically, the hills rise to a height of 30 - above the surroundings in a forested area which also has a number of small lakes and marshes.
 Midterpilt, 113 m above sea level, is one of the highest points.
 Although much of the area is now wooded, it was once covered with heather and low shrubs, making it suitable for grazing.
 Paradisbakkerne has a long cultural history, attested by numerous place names with their own legends and stories.
 These include Slingestenen, Linkisten, Ligstenen, Dybedal, Ravnedal, Majdal, and Gamle Dam.
Daniel M. "Dan" Pallotta (born January 21, 1961) is an American entrepreneur, author, and humanitarian activist.
 He is best known for his involvement in multi-day charitable events with the long-distance Breast Cancer 3-Day walks, AIDS Rides bicycle journeys, and Out of the Darkness suicide prevention night walks.
 Over nine years, 182,000 people participated in these events and raised $582 million.
 They were the subject of a Harvard Business School case study.
 He is the author of "Uncharitable – How Restraints on Nonprofits Undermine Their Potential", the best-selling title in the history of Tufts University Press.
 He is also the author of "Charity Case: How the Nonprofit Community Can Stand Up for Itself and Really Change the World", and "When Your Moment Comes – a Guide to Fulfilling Your Dreams".
 He is the president of Advertising for Humanity and president and founder of the Charity Defense Council.
 He is a featured contributor to Harvard Business Review online.
Windsor Hills Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
 It is a cohesive residential suburb defined by rolling topography, winding, picturesque streets, stone garden walls, walks and private alley ways, early-20th century garden apartments, duplexes, and freestanding residences.
 Structures are predominantly of frame construction with locally quarried stone foundations.
 Windsor Hills developed over a period from about 1895 through 1929.
 The dominant styles include Shingle cottages, Dutch Colonial Revival houses, Foursquares, and Craftsman Bungalows.
Daguan Park () is a lakeside park located in the southwestern suburb of Kunming, Yunnan, China.
 Today many locals come to sit, drink tea, fly kites, and go boating.
 Among shady walks and pools, Daguan's focal point is Daguan Ge, a square, three-storeyed pavilion built to better the Kangxi Emperor's enjoyment of the distant Western Hills and now a storehouse of calligraphy extolling the area's charms.
 The most famous poem here is a 118-character verse, carved into the gateposts by the Qing dynasty scholar Sun Ran, reputed to be the longest set of rhyming couplets in China.
 The park is set on Daguan Stream, which flows south into Lake Dian, and there are frequent hour-long cruises down the waterway, lined with willows, to points along Lake Dian's northern shore.
 Lake Dian, also known as the Kunming Lake, is the largest lake on the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau.
 At Longmen of the Western Hills, there is a panoramic view of the lake.
William Wagstaff, commonly known as Will Wagstaff, is a leading ornithologist and naturalist in the Isles of Scilly, and also an author.
 His popular guided wildlife walks have made him both a well-known and popular figure in the islands.
 Originally from South Wales, Wagstaff has lived on the Isles of Scilly since 1981.
 He has had an active role in conservation work around the islands for more than 20 years, and has led guided wildlife walks there since 1985.
 He is currently Honorary President and Chairman of the Isles of Scilly Bird Group and regularly presents slideshows and leads other events on the islands.
 He also writes a regular column "A Walk on the Wild Side" for the local magazine Scilly Now & Then.
 He is a Tour Leader for Island Holidays and runs the Island Wildlife Tours group.
 He is part of the Travelling Naturalist group.
Jane’s Walk is a series of neighbourhood walking tours.
 Named after urban activist and writer Jane Jacobs, Jane's Walks are held annually during the first weekend in May to coincide with her birthday.
Abhi (Abir Chatterjee) is a typical meek & docile Bengali familyman and doesn't know how to protest.
 He lives in Kolkata with his wife Apu (Priyanka Sarkar) and his son.
 He has a tenant who doesn't pay his monthly rents past six months and everytime he is refused whenever he asks for the payment of dues.He simply walks away doing nothing, In his office Abhi is a hardworker but his own colleague Deepankar (Shantilal Mukherjee) is jealous of him and plans his downfall in every other way more when Abhi gets recommended for promotion,but his other colleague Nandini (Shraddha Das) is a very good friend and sympathiser of Abhi.
 Things goes past good one day during Abhi's birthday morning when he asks his tenant Mr. Pakrashi (Kharaj Mukherjee) to pay his dues, he gets slapped in the middle of the road by him.
 Shattered Abhi goes to his office only to learn that all his files have been messed up by someone and one important file of payment is missing.He sits whole night and works on them only to be tampered by Deepankar again.
 That night when Abhi was returning with Nandini she gets molested by some goons in metro station, she cries to Abhi for help but Abhi cannot protest.Nandini boards the metro crying leaving Abhi at the metro station.
 Depressed and dejected Abhi meets his friend Anjan (Jeet)) at metro entrance and narrates whole story and about his helplessness of not protesting to any one.
 Anjan assures him takes him to a coffee house and encourage him motivationally causing him to shrug his fear.
 They both raid his office for the missing file and when nothing is found they rampage the office and run away.
 While returning home he find out that his tenant Mr. Pakrashi is boozing with other friends, angrily he enters the house and beats Pakrashi to blue and black and forces him to pay all the dues.
 Parkrashi is stunned to see the change of character in Abhi.
 Next day when Nandini rejects Abhi's proposal for boarding a metro and taunts him, Abhi tells Anjan and they both run towards the metro station and Abhi start beating the molestors badly.Abhi drops his office bag accidentally in the road.Next day he meets Anjan once again and Anjan gives him his contact number.Once in office Abhi is shocked when he learns that Deepankar/Dipu has been promoted, unable to bear that Abhi suspect that he has been tricked and hunts him down that night and beats him so Dipu confesses it was he who stole the payment file and hid it in his home Anjan asks Abhi that since Dipu has disappeared his file he should in turn make Dipu disappear from this world.
 Abhi ties Dipu and throws him in main highway only to be get crushed under heavy vehicle.
 Meanwhile Priyanka and her dad,a prominent psychologist, reaches police station where they recover the bag and tells them he is still missing, here Priyanka's father discloses that Abhi is a psychiatric patient suffering from a depression disease called Schizophrenia or split personality disorder.
 As the discussion was going on Police officer receives the news of Abhi sitting with the dead corpse of Dipu.
 The police brings him down where it is revealed that actually Anjan is an alter ego of Abhi only as a result of the mental disease whom he fictionalized as a human being and shrugged all his fears.
Pocantico Hills is a hamlet in the Westchester County town of Mount Pleasant, New York, northeast of the village of Sleepy Hollow and southwest of the village of Pleasantville, in the United States.
 The area was originally settled by Native Americans of the Wecquaesgeek tribes; "Pocantico" means "running between two hills", and the name is a reference to the meandering Pocantico River.
 Nestled between the Hudson River on the west and the Saw Mill River Parkway on the east, one finds pristine woodlands, brooks, 1000 acre of hiking trails, and nature walks an hour's drive from downtown Manhattan.
Party Princess is a term associated with a person who entertains children at birthday parties, often dressed as different Disney characters.
 The most common party princesses costumes are Elsa, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty and The Little Mermaid.
 Party princesses generally perform at private birthday parties for young girls - they sing, dance and play with the girls, all-while maintaining a party theme based on the character they're dressed up as.
 Party princesses are most common in upper-middle-class and upper class areas and are a common sight in Beverly Hills and North Hollywood.
