Mexican professional wrestling promotion celebrated their 30th anniversary with two professional wrestling major shows centering on the anniversary date in early to mid September.
 The first EMLL 30th Anniversary Show took place on September 6, 1963 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico to commemorated the anniversary of EMLL, which over time became the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
 The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year, their Super Bowl event.
Mexican professional wrestling promotion Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre (EMLL) celebrated their 44th anniversary with two professional wrestling major shows centering on the anniversary date in mid to late September.
 The second EMLL 44th Anniversary Show took place on September 30, 1977, in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico to commemorate the anniversary of EMLL, which over time became the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
 The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year.
Mexican professional wrestling promotion celebrated their 39th anniversary with two professional wrestling major shows centering on the anniversary date in September and October.The first EMLL 39th Anniversary Show took place on September 29, 1972 in, Arena México Mexico City, Mexico to commemorated the anniversary of EMLL, which over time became the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
 The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year, their Super Bowl event.
The CMLL 63rd Anniversary Show was a professional wrestling major show event produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) in 1996.
 Different sources identify different shows in September as the actual Anniversary Show, either on September 20 or September 27, or possibly both as CMLL has held multiple shows to commemorate their anniversary in the past.
 Both shows took place in Arena Méxicoin Mexico City, Mexico.
 The September 20th show consisted of five matches, with the main event seeing Rayo de Jalisco Jr. defend the CMLL World Heavyweight Championship against challenger Gran Markus Jr. On the undercard El Hijo del Santo and Negro Casas faced off in a singles match, working a storyline that a year later, at the CMLL 64th Anniversary Show saw them wrestle in a "Lucha de Apuestas", hair vs. mask match.
 Also on the show Lola Gonzales defended the TWF Women's Championship against Lioness Asuka as well as three further matches.
 The September 27th show consisted of at least four matches, with the main event being a Best two-out-of-three falls"Lucha de Apuesta" hair vs. hair match between rivals Emilio Charles Jr. and Silver King.
 One or both events commemorated the 63rd anniversary of CMLL, the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
 The Anniversary show is CMLL's biggest show of the year, their Super Bowl event.
The CMLL 79th Anniversary Show was a professional wrestling event produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) that took place on September 14, 2012 in CMLL's home arena Arena México in Mexico City, Mexico.
 The event commemorated the 79th anniversary of CMLL, the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
 The Anniversary show is normally CMLL's biggest show of the year, their Super Bowl event.
 The 79th Anniversary show was also billed as "Juicio Final", or "Final Justice"/"Doomsday", a title that CMLL has used at times either as a tag line for the tag line for an Anniversary show or as the name of a separate super show produced by CMLL marketed as "CMLL Juicio Final".
 The show replaced CMLL's regular Friday night "Super Viernes" ("Super Friday") shows and was taped for later broadcast.
Mexican professional wrestling promotion Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre (EMLL) commemorated their 15th anniversary with two "'EMLL 15th Anniversary Shows".
 The first Anniversary show was held on September 22, 1948 in Arena Coliseo in Mexico City, Mexico, EMLL's main venue.
 The second event took place two days later on September 24, 1948 in Arena Modelo.
 The events commemorated the 15th anniversary of EMLL, which would later become the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
 The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year, their Super Bowl event.
 The first anniversary show featured the EMLL debut of Blue Demon, who would later become one of the iconic figures of Mexican wrestling.
Mexican professional wrestling promotion Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre (EMLL) celebrated their 44th anniversary with two professional wrestling major shows centering on the anniversary date in mid to late September.
 The first EMLL 44th Anniversary Show took place on September 23, 1977, in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico to commemorate the anniversary of EMLL, which over time became the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
 The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year.
The CMLL 74th Anniversary Show was a professional wrestling major show event produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) that took place on September 28, 2007 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico.
 The show consisted of six matches, with the main event being an "Infierno en el Ring" (Spanish for "Hell in the ring") Steel cage match, contested under "Lucha de Apuestas" rules, which mean the last man in the cage would be forced to unmask.
 The participants risking their mask were: Atlantis, Blue Panther, Lizmark Jr., Místico, Perro Aguayo Jr., Dr. Wagner Jr., Último Guerrero and Villano V.
 The event also featured five Six-man tag team matches, including an all-female match.
 The event commemorated the 74th anniversary of CMLL, the oldest professional wrestling promotion.
 in the world.
 The anniversary show is CMLL's biggest show of the year, their Super Bowl event.
 The 74th anniversary show was transmitted live on Pay-Per-View, something only a few anniversary shows before this one had been.
Mexican professional wrestling promotion celebrated their 30th anniversary with two professional wrestling major shows centering on the anniversary date in early to mid September.
 The second EMLL 30th Anniversary Show took place on September 27, 1963 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico to commemorated the anniversary of EMLL, which over time became the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
 The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year, their Super Bowl event.
Mexican professional wrestling promotion celebrated their 39th anniversary with two professional wrestling major shows centering on the anniversary date in September and October.The second EMLL 39th Anniversary Show took place on October 20, 1972 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico to commemorated the anniversary of EMLL, which over time became the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
 The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year.
