Killer of Sheep is a 1978 American drama film written, directed, produced, and shot by Charles Burnett.
 It features Henry G. Sanders, Kaycee Moore, and Charles Bracy, among others.
 The drama depicts the culture of urban African-Americans in Los Angeles' Watts district.
 The film's style is often likened to Italian neorealism.
The Fury is a 1978 supernatural thriller film directed by Brian De Palma.
 The screenplay by John Farris was based on his 1976 novel of the same name.
 The film stars Kirk Douglas, John Cassavetes, Carrie Snodgress, Charles Durning, Amy Irving and Andrew Stevens.
 The music, composed by Academy Award-winner John Williams and performed by the London Symphony Orchestra, was highly praised by critic Pauline Kael, who called it "as elegant and delicately varied a score as any horror film has ever had".
10 to Midnight is a 1983 American crime thriller film directed by J. Lee Thompson from a screenplay originally written by William Roberts.
 The film stars Charles Bronson in the lead role with a supporting cast that includes Lisa Eilbacher, Andrew Stevens, Gene Davis, Geoffrey Lewis, and Wilford Brimley.
 "10 to Midnight" was released by City Films, a subsidiary of Cannon Films, to American cinemas on March 11, 1983.
Illicit Dreams is a 1994 American thriller and drama film directed by Andrew Stevens and produced by Ashok Amritraj.
 with music composed by Claude Gaudette.
 The film stars Andrew Stevens, Shannon Tweed, Joe Cortese, Michelle Johnson and Brad Blaisdell.
Night Eyes is a 1990 American erotic thriller film written by Tom Citrano and Andrew Stevens and directed by Jag Mundhra.
 It stars Andrew Stevens, Tanya Roberts, Cooper Huckabee, and Warwick Sims.
 The film was followed by a series of sequels following similar plots.
The Oregon Trail is an American western television series that aired on NBC from September 21 until October 26, 1977, starring Rod Taylor as the widower Evan Thorpe, who leaves his Illinois farm in 1842 to take the Oregon Trail to the Pacific Northwest.
 The show also stars Andrew Stevens, Tony Becker, and Gina Marie Smika as Thorpe's children.
 Darleen Carr stars as Margaret Devlin, one of the passengers on the wagon train, and Charles Napier portrays Luther Sprague, a frontier scout recruited by Thorpe.
 The series was filmed in the Flagstaff, Arizona area.
Night Eyes 3 is a 1993 erotic thriller film directed by Andrew Stevens.
 It is the third film in the "Night Eyes" series.
 Like its predecessor, it stars Andrew Stevens and Shannon Tweed, although the latter plays a different role.
 It also stars Tweed's sister, Tracy.
Death Hunt is a 1981 action film directed by Peter R. Hunt.
 The film stars Charles Bronson, Lee Marvin, Angie Dickinson, Carl Weathers, Maury Chaykin, Ed Lauter and Andrew Stevens.
 "Death Hunt" was a fictionalized account of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) pursuit of a man named Albert Johnson.
 Earlier films exploring the same topic were "The Mad Trapper" (1972), a British made-for-television production and "Challenge to Be Free" (also known as "Mad Trapper of the Yukon" and "Mad Trapper") (1975).
Down the Drain is a 1990 American comedy film.
 It was directed by Robert C. Hughes and starred Andrew Stevens, Teri Copley and John Matuszak, in his last film after his death.
 Jerry Mathers and Stella Stevens also appeared in the film.
 It was released on video April 25, 1990.
Massacre at Central High is a 1976 American thriller film directed by Rene Daalder and starring Derrel Maury, Kimberly Beck, Robert Carradine, and Andrew Stevens.
 The plot follows a series of revenge killings at a fictional American high school, after which the oppressed students take on the role of their bully oppressors.
 Despite its title, it is not a slasher film but an unusual blend of political allegory, social commentary, and low-budget exploitation; with the exception of the final sequence, no "adult" characters (such as teachers and parents) are seen.
