The Moray Firth fishing disaster of August 1848 was one of the worst fishing disasters in maritime history on the east coast of Scotland, and was caused by a severe storm that struck the Moray Firth.
 The event led to widespread improvements to harbours and significant changes to the design of fishing boats over the remainder of the 19th century.
Findlater Castle is the old seat of the Earls of Findlater and Seafield, sitting on a 50 ft -high cliff overlooking the Moray Firth on the coast of Banff and Buchan, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
 It lies about 15 km west of Banff, near the village of Sandend, between Cullen and Portsoy.
 The cliffs here contain quartz; the name "Findlater" is derived not from Norse as earlier stated here, but from the Scots Gaelic words "fionn" ("white") and "leitir" ("cliff or steep slope").
 The first historical reference to the castle is from 1246.
 King Alexander III of Scotland repaired this castle in the 1260s in preparation for an invasion by King Haakon IV of Norway.
 The Vikings took and held the castle for some time.
 The castle remains that are still there are from the 14th-century rebuilding, when the castle was redesigned based on the Roslyn Castle model.
Findochty (pronounced ), Scots: "Finichty" , Scottish Gaelic: "Am Fionn Ochdamh" ) is a village in Moray, Scotland on the shores of the Moray Firth; historically it was part of Banffshire.
 The Gaelic name of the village was recorded by Diack using his own transcription method as "fanna-guchti", which is of unclear meaning.
 One of the earliest references to Findochty is in 1440, when the King granted Findachtifeild to John Dufe, son of John Dufe.
 The lands passed from the Duffs to the Ogilvies of Findlater and subsequently, in 1568, the Ord family acquired the manor, port, custom and fishers' lands of Findochty, and later built the House of Findochty, known as Findochty Castle, now a ruin, which stands to the west of the village.
 In 1716 the Ords brought 13 men and 4 boys from Fraserburgh under contract to fish from Findochty, and for a time the harbour was busy with landings of herring and white fish.
 Findochty expanded as a fishing port through the 1700s and 1800s, and by 1850 was home to 140 fishing boats.
 But the expansion in the late 1800s of nearby Buckie provided a better harbour, and some of the fishing fleet had left Findochty by 1890.
 Findochty harbour is now used mostly by pleasure craft and is a good sun spot when the tide is out.
 A local artist, Correna Cowie created a statue in 1959 of a seated fisherman, known as The Mannie, who watches over the harbour.
Château d'Ainay-le-Vieil is a 14th century castle built on the grounds of an earlier 12th century castle in Ainay-le-Vieil, Cher, France.
 Château d'Ainay-le-Vieil is situated at an elevation of 168 meters.
 After having bought the castle from Jacques Cœur, Charles de Bigny built a pre-Renaissance Louis XII style chateaux from 1500 to 1505.
 The castle has been listed as a "Monument historique" since 1968 by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The castle, now part of Jacques Cœur's tourist route, has been nicknamed "the little Carcassonne" (French: "le petit Carcassonne" ) because of its circular shape.
 Today the castle is one of the best preserved fortresses of the 14th century.
The Moray Firth ( ; Scottish Gaelic: "An Cuan Moireach", "Linne Mhoireibh" or "Caolas Mhoireibh") is a roughly triangular inlet (or firth) of the North Sea, north and east of Inverness, which is in the Highland council area of north of Scotland.
 It is the largest firth in Scotland, stretching from Duncansby Head (near John o' Groats) in the north, in the Highland council area, and Fraserburgh in the east, in the Aberdeenshire council area, to Inverness and the Beauly Firth in the west.
 Therefore, three council areas have Moray Firth coastline: Highland to the west and north of the Moray Firth and Highland, Moray and Aberdeenshire to the south.
 The firth has more than 800 kilometres (about 500 miles) of coastline, much of which is cliff.
Forres Castle was a fort and castle built near Forres, Scotland.
 The fort was destroyed in 850 by Vikings.
 Forres was created a royal burgh by King David I of Scotland in 1140.
 The castle, once a royal castle, was built as a motte and bailey castle and was strengthened in the 14th century.
 It was demolished in 1297 by the adherents of Wallace.
 King William the Lion and King Alexander II of Scotland visited and stayed at the castle.
 King David II of Scotland stayed at the castle in 1346.
 It was burned by Alexander Stewart, Earl of Buchan in 1390.
 Held by the Dunbars of Westfield until the 17th century, it fell into ruins.
 Nothing now remains above ground.
Dover is an unincorporated community on the banks of Mission Creek in western Shawnee County, Kansas, United States.
 Founded in 1860, it was once a larger community, but it declined for most of the 20th century.
 Today a few commercial buildings remain at the intersection of K-4 Highway and 57th Street, but it is mainly a residential area.
 A newly founded Dover Community Foundation has been created to support the growth of the community and retention of its history.
 Camp Daisy Hindman, a rather large Girl Scout camp, is located 2 miles south of the town.
 1½ miles west of town is a 50 ft high cliff known as Echo Cliff.
Fortrose (Scottish Gaelic: "A' Chananaich" , Scots: "Chainry" ) is a town and former burgh in the Scottish Highlands.
 It is on the Moray Firth, about 6 mi north-east of Inverness.
 The town is known for its ruined 13th century cathedral, and as the home of the Brahan Seer.
 In the Middle Ages it was the seat of the bishopric of Ross.
 The Cathedral was largely demolished in the mid-seventeenth century by Oliver Cromwell to provide building materials for a citadel at Inverness.
 The vaulted south aisle, with bell-tower, and a detached chapter house (used as the tollbooth of Fortrose after the Reformation) remain.
 These fragments, though modest in scale, display considerable architectural refinement, and are in the care of Historic Scotland (no entrance charge).
 The burgh is a popular location for trying to spot bottlenose dolphins (see Chanonry Point) in the Moray Firth.
Inverness ( ; from the Scottish Gaelic: "Inbhir Nis" ] , meaning "Mouth of the River Ness") is a city in the Scottish Highlands.
 It is the administrative centre for the Highland council area, and is regarded as the capital of the Highlands.
 Inverness lies near two important battle sites: the 11th-century battle of Blàr nam Fèinne against Norway which took place on The Aird and the 18th-century Battle of Culloden which took place on Culloden Moor.
 It is the northernmost city in the United Kingdom and lies within the Great Glen (Gleann Mòr) at its north-eastern extremity where the River Ness enters the Moray Firth.
 At the latest, a settlement was established by the 6th century with the first royal charter being granted by Dabíd mac Maíl Choluim (King David I) in the 12th century.
 The Gaelic king Mac Bethad Mac Findláich (MacBeth) whose 11th-century killing of King Duncan was immortalised in Shakespeare's largely fictionalized play "Macbeth", held a castle within the city where he ruled as Mormaer of Moray and Ross.
The Stotfield fishing disaster was the first of several fishing disasters of the 19th century on the east coast of Scotland.
 A storm struck the Moray Firth on 25 December 1806.
 Compared to the Moray Firth fishing disaster of 1848 or the Eyemouth Disaster of 1881, the Stotfield disaster was small.
 However, although in those major disasters many more lives and boats were lost, the effect at Stotfield was arguably worse.
 There, the village lost its entire fleet of three fishing boats.
 More importantly, it lost all of its able bodied men and youths in one afternoon.
