American singer Demi Lovato has embarked six concert tours and performed live at various award ceremonies and television shows.
 Her debut promotional tour in 2008, Demi Live!
 Warm Up Tour was based in North America only and supported her debut studio album, "Don't Forget" (2008).
 At the same year, Lovato served as one of the opening acts for Jonas Brothers on their fifth concert tour, Burnin' Up Tour.
 Lovato also served as one of the opening acts for Avril Lavigne on her third concert tour, The Best Damn World Tour on selected dates in North America.
 In 2009, Lovato performed as the opening act on the Jonas Brothers World Tour 2009 with Jonas Brothers during the South American and European legs, before she continued to tour her first headlining tour, during Summer 2009, promoting her debut album "Don't Forget" and her sophomore album "Here We Go Again".
 The tour featured opening acts, David Archuleta, Jordan Pruitt and KSM.
 In 2010, Lovato performed as the opening act on Jonas Brothers' Live in Concert World Tour 2010.
 On November 1, 2010, Lovato left the tour after a dispute arose to the public light involving her apparently punching one of the dancers of the tour.
 After Lovato left, she was interned in a treatment center to seek out help.
The In Blue Tour is the third concert tour by Irish band, The Corrs.
 Promoting their third studio album, "In Blue", the tour performed in Europe, North America, Australasia and Asia.
 The band performed over shows beginning October 2000 until October 2001.
Romance: En Vivo is a VHS video from Mexican singer Luis Miguel that was recorded in 1992 during the concert tour called Tour Romance (also known as Gira Romance ) that Luis Miguel perform in various places like Caracas, Venezuela, in the Circus Maximus Theatre in Las Vegas, Nevada, in a concert in Seville, Spain, and in the National Auditorium in Mexico City, where he broke the World Record by selling the 10,000 tickets for his only show in 3 hours.
The Wall Live was a worldwide concert tour by Roger Waters, formerly of Pink Floyd.
 The tour is the first time the Pink Floyd album "The Wall" has been performed in its entirety by the band or any of its former members since Waters performed the album live in Berlin 21 July 1990.
 According to Cole Moreton of the "Daily Mail", "The touring version of Pink Floyd's "The Wall" is one of the most ambitious and complex rock shows ever staged."
 It is estimated that the tour cost £37 million ($60M) to stage.
 The first leg of the tour grossed in North America over $89.5 million from 56 concerts.
 It was the second-highest-grossing concert tour in North America in 2010 and the third-highest-grossing concert tour worldwide as of 2013.
 As of 2013, the tour holds the record for being the highest-grossing tour for a solo musician, surpassing the previous record holder, Madonna.
The Take Me Home Tour was the second headlining concert tour by British-Irish boy band [¹d].
 Announced by member Liam Payne at the 2012 BRIT Awards in early 2012, the original concert tour was billed as the UK & Ireland Arena Tour.
 In mid-2012, the concert tour expanded with legs in North America and Australia following the band's international breakthrough.
 The concert tour visited arenas and stadiums from February through November 2013.
 The concert tour commenced at London's O2 Arena on 23 February 2013.
 The tour was documented in the film "" directed by Morgan Spurlock .
The Black & Blue Tour was a worldwide concert tour by the Backstreet Boys which took place in 2001.
 The first leg of the tour kicked off January 22, 2001 in the United States.
 The second leg began June 8 in the group's hometown of Orlando, Florida, and was temporarily put on hold July 9, in order for group member A. J. McLean to seek treatment for clinical depression which led to anxiety attacks and the excessive consumption of alcohol.
 The tour resumed August 24 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and wrapped up October 19 in Paradise, Nevada.
 The Boys then continued their tour around the world before it came to a close by the end of 2001.
 It grossed over US $315 million worldwide.
 The tour was sponsored by Burger King, Kellogg's and Polaroid.
The Heaven & Hell Tour was the ninth world concert tour by Black Sabbath between April 1980 and February 1981 to promote their 1980 studio album, "Heaven and Hell."
 The tour marked the band's first live shows with vocalist Ronnie James Dio, who replaced original vocalist Ozzy Osbourne the previous year; drummer Vinny Appice, who replaced original drummer Bill Ward in the middle of the tour's North American leg after Ward suddenly left the band due to personal issues; and keyboardist Geoff Nicholls, who played keyboards on the "Heaven and Hell" album and accompanied the band on this tour as a sideman.
 For a portion of the North American tour, which was popularly known as the "Black and Blue Tour", Black Sabbath co-headlined with Blue Öyster Cult, with whom they shared a manager, Sandy Pearlman.
 The arrangement reportedly set attendance records but caused friction between the two bands as well as between Black Sabbath and Pearlman.
The Up All Night Tour was the first headlining concert tour by English-Irish boy band One Direction, showcasing their debut album, "Up All Night" (2011).
 It began in December 2011 and was One Direction's first solo tour after being formed in the seventh series of "The X Factor" and being signed to Syco Records.
 The concert tour was announced in September 2011, with the initial British and Irish dates being revealed.
 The concert tour was managed by Modest!
 Management, the shows were backed by a five-piece musical band, and the creative assessments were handled by Caroline Watson and Lou Teasdale, among others.
 After the initial concert tour concluded in January 2012, shortly afterwards, the concert tour expanded with legs in Oceania and North America.
 They ultimately played over 60 shows in Europe, Oceania and North America.
Psycho Circus World Tour was a Kiss concert tour in 1998–2000.
 It was the first concert tour in history to have 3-D visual effects.
 The Smashing Pumpkins opened at the Dodger Stadium show only, in costume as The Beatles for the Halloween night performance.
 The Dodger Stadium show was streamed live on the internet as well as a radio broadcast.
 Two songs, "Psycho Circus" and "Shout It Out Loud", were screened live on Fox television as part of the "Kiss Live: The Ultimate Halloween Party" special.
 The vast majority of songs in the setlist were played on the previous Alive/Worldwide concert dates, leading to some frustration from fans expecting the return of classic songs not played on the previous tour.
 Peter Criss was quoted in Metal Edge magazine at the time as wanting to add "Parasite" to the setlist.
 The tour was initially hyped as having circus-style acts as pre-show entertainment.
 This ultimately happened only at the first concert at Dodger Stadium.
 Peter Criss later said that it didn't work out because the circus performers wanted equal billing and that some had even wanted to use KISS' backstage dressing room.
 "2,000 Man" was played to bring in the new Millennium at the 1999/2000 New Year's Eve show at Vancouver, advertised at the time as being recorded for Alive IV.
 The Vancouver show was also notable as being the first time the original members had played non-original band era material live in concert – "I Love It Loud", "Lick It Up" and "Heaven's on Fire" were added to the setlist and subsequently played on the Farewell Tour.
 "Forever" was listed on concert setlists at the Vancouver show but was not played.
 It was thought at the time it may have been intended as a Paul Stanley solo version prior to "Black Diamond".
 One notable show on the tour was the March 12 Bremen, Germany, show.
 After the opening song, Paul Stanley announced that the local fire marshall had banned Kiss from using any pyrotechnics during the show.
 They used a translator on stage to let the crowd understand exactly what Stanley was saying.
 At the end of the performance, the band ignited all of the pyrotechnics at once; as a result, they were banned from performing in Bremen.
 Ticket sales for this tour were notably slower than the previous Reunion Tour, with many of the smaller market shows underselling and a second North American leg for the summer of 1999 cancelled all together, the band ultimatly decided on embarking on a Farewell tour in the new millennium.
The Where We Are Tour was the third headlining concert tour by English-Irish boy band One Direction.
 The concert tour visited stadiums from April through October 2014 with addition to special performances in Las Vegas on 20 September 2014 for the iHeartRadio Music Festival.
 The concert tour officially kicked off on 25 April 2014 at El Campín Stadium in Bogotá, Colombia and concluded on 5 October 2014 at Sun Life Stadium in Miami, Florida.
 It promoted the band's third studio album, "Midnight Memories", also announced along with the tour.
 Australian pop/rock band 5 Seconds of Summer served as opening act for UK, European and US tour dates.
 The tour grossed $290 million in sales after 69 performances with total attendance of 3.4 million.
 It became the 16th highest-grossing concert tour of all time.
