Gyromancer is a puzzle and role-playing video game developed by PopCap Games in collaboration with Square Enix.
 In the game, the player moves through a map of an enchanted forest, battling monsters using their own summoned monsters through a puzzle-game battle based on PopCap's "Bejeweled Twist".
 In these battles, the player rotates groups of four in a grid of gems to line up three or more jewels of the same color; when enough lines have been created damage is dealt to the enemy.
 Between battles, a story is told through a series of cutscenes, while the player and the summoned monsters gain experience and power using role-playing game elements.
Enchanted Forest Water Safari (originally, The Enchanted Forest of the Adirondacks) is an amusement park in Old Forge, New York.
An enchanted forest is a forest under or containing magical enchantments.
The Enchanted Forest was a fairy tale-themed amusement park that opened in 1971 in Hope Valley, Hopkinton, Rhode Island.
 Throughout its lifetime, it was mainly oriented to younger children and families.
 The park contained rides such as a child-sized roller coaster, bumper cars, and a merry go round, as well as having a live petting zoo.
 The Enchanted Forest was closed in 2005 due to low money flow.
 Some of the rides were sold to Edaville, including the coaster.
Trollskogen ("enchanted forest" or "troll's forest") is a windswept, grazed pine forest and nature reserve in the northeast corner of the Baltic island Öland, Sweden (Böda socken, Borgholm Municipality).
 The forest is on a promontory with an exposed shingle beach on the eastern side, the side of the Baltic Sea, and a sheltered bay on the western side, of Grankullaviken bay.
 The 100 ha reserve, formerly a "Domänreservat", (protected by the Swedish government forestry agency) is part of the Böda Kronopark.
 Its southeastern boundary is also the north border of the nature reserve Bödakusten östra.
In literature, an enchanted forest is a forest under, or containing, enchantments.
 Such forests are described in the oldest folklore from regions where forests are common, and occur throughout the centuries to modern works of fantasy.
 They represent places unknown to the characters, and situations of liminality and transformation.
Alexander Randolph (4 May 1922 – 28 April 2004) was an American designer of board games and writer.
 Randolph's game creations include TwixT, Breakthru, Inkognito (with Leo Colovini), Raj, Ricochet Robot, and Enchanted Forest (with Michael Matschoss).
The Enchanted Forest Chronicles is a series of four young adult fantasy novels by Patricia C. Wrede titled "Dealing with Dragons", "Searching for Dragons", "Calling on Dragons", and "Talking to Dragons".
 Additionally, the "Book of Enchantments" includes one short story titled "Utensile Strength" and also includes a short story titled "The Princess and The Cat" which takes place in the Enchanted Forest universe, but does not involve any of the familiar characters.
 Patricia C. Wrede does "hope" to author a fifth Enchanted Forest novel once her current book contracts have been fulfilled.
Talking to Dragons is a young adult fantasy novel, the fourth and final book in the "Enchanted Forest Chronicles" by Patricia Wrede, although it was published first, in 1985.
 It is told in first person from the point of view of sixteen-year-old Daystar, son of Cimorene, a woman who lives at the edge of the Enchanted Forest.
The Enchanted Forest is a 1945 family film starring Edmund Lowe and Brenda Joyce, also featuring Harry Davenport as a hermit who finds and raises a young boy in a forest.
 The film and story served as the inspiration for a 1998 music composition/recording, "Enchanted Forest" by Loren Connors and Suzanne Langille.
 It was filmed in Cinecolor and released by Producers Releasing Corporation.
