London South Bank University (LSBU) is a public university in Newington, London.
 It has 17,605 students and 1,700 staff, and is based in the London Borough of Southwark, near the South Bank of the River Thames, from which it takes its name.
The South Bank Sky Arts Award (originally The South Bank Show Award) is an accolade recognizing British achievements in the arts.
 The awards have been given annually since 1996.
 They originated with the long-running British arts programme "The South Bank Show".
 The last South Bank Show Awards ceremony to be broadcast by ITV was in January 2010.
 After the network had announced that "The South Bank Show" would be cancelled at the end of the 2009 season, the award ceremony continued to be broadcast by Sky Arts and was eventually renamed the South Bank Sky Arts Award.
 Sky Arts revived "The South Bank Show" itself in 2012.
The Tullekensmolen (Dutch for "Tullekens Mill") was an overshot watermill in the Dutch village of Beekbergen, used for producing paper.
 The watermill was powered by the Oude Beek and was situated on the north bank of that stream.
 The Tullekensmolen was built before or in the year 1679.
 Hendrik Jan Kapel was the owner of the watermill in 1832.
 When the Tullekensmolen was in possession of a family called Dijkgraaf, it burned down together with its namesake on the south bank of the stream in 1872.
 While the watermill on the south bank was rebuild later, the Tullekensmolen on the north bank was never rebuild.
The Maritsa, Meriç or Evros (Bulgarian: Марица , "Marica"; Ancient Greek: Ἕβρος , "Hébros"; Modern Greek: Έβρος Evros; Latin: "Hebrus" ; Romanized Thracian: "Evgos" or "Ebros"; Turkish: "Meriç" ) is, with a length of 480 km , the longest river that runs solely in the interior of the Balkans.
 It has its origin in the Rila Mountains in Western Bulgaria, flowing southeast between the Balkan and Rhodope Mountains, past Plovdiv and Parvomay (where the Mechka and the Kayaliyka join it) to Edirne, Turkey.
 East of Svilengrad, Bulgaria, the river flows eastwards, forming the border between Bulgaria (on the north bank) and Greece (on the south bank), and then between Turkey and Greece.
 At Edirne, the river flows through Turkish territory on both banks, then turns towards the south and forms the border between Greece on the west bank and Turkey on the east bank to the Aegean Sea.
 Turkey was given a small sector on the west bank opposite the city of Edirne.
 The river enters the Aegean Sea near Enez, where it forms a delta.
 The Tundzha is its chief tributary; the Arda is another one.
 The lower course of the Maritsa/Evros forms part of the Bulgarian-Greek border and most of the Greek-Turkish border.
 The upper Maritsa valley is a principal east-west route in Bulgaria.
 The unnavigable river is used for power production and irrigation.
Middlesbrough was the first major British town and industrial target to be bombed during the Second World War.
 The Luftwaffe first attacked the town on 25 May 1940 when a lone bomber dropped 13 bombs between South Bank Road and the South Steel Plant.
 One of the bombs fell on the South Bank football ground making a large crater in the pitch.
 The bomber was forced to leave after RAF night fighters were scrambled to intercept.
 Two months after the first bombing Prime Minister Winston Churchill visited the town to meet the public and inspect coastal defences.
The South Bank Grand Arbour is a kilometre long arbour located in the South Bank Parklands in Brisbane, Australia.
 The structure functions as a pedestrian walkway which connects the Griffith Film School on the corner of Dock Street and Vulture Street to the Cultural Forecourt adjacent to QPAC, as well as the rest of the South Bank Parklands through which it runs.
South Bank 3 ferry wharf is located on the southern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane suburb of South Brisbane.
 It is used by Transdev Brisbane Ferries' CityFerry services.
 South Bank whaves 1 & 2 are located 500 metres upstream.
South Bank is a suburb of Middlesbrough, in north east England, on the south bank of the River Tees, and is 3 mi from Middlesbrough centre.
Vauxhall Bridge is a Grade II* listed steel and granite deck arch bridge in central London.
 It crosses the River Thames in a south–east north–west direction between Vauxhall on the south bank and Pimlico on the north bank.
 Opened in 1906, it replaced an earlier bridge, originally known as Regent Bridge but later renamed Vauxhall Bridge, built between 1809 and 1816 as part of a scheme for redeveloping the south bank of the Thames.
 The original bridge was built on the site of a former ferry.
The Hayward Gallery is an art gallery within the Southbank Centre, part of an area of major arts venues on the South Bank of the River Thames, in central London, England.
 It is sited adjacent to the other Southbank Centre buildings (the Royal Festival Hall and the Queen Elizabeth Hall/Purcell Room) and also the Royal National Theatre and British Film Institute.
 Following a rebranding of the South Bank Centre to Southbank Centre in early 2007, the Hayward Gallery was known as the Hayward until early 2011.
