The SS "Mount Ida" was a cargo ship built in 1938 by William Hamilton & Co. Ltd of Glasgow.
 Launched in 1938 as "Arcscott", she was renamed "Mount Ida" after being bought by the Atlanticos Steam Ship Company Ltd, of Athens, Greece.
 She was wrecked in 1939 after being in service for only about 18 months.
Mount Ida High School is a public six-year high school located in Mount Ida, Arkansas, United States.
 Mount Ida is one of three public high schools in Montgomery County and the only high school of the Mount Ida School District.
 For 2010–11, the school enrollment was 256 students occupying grades 7 through 12.
Mount Ida is an unincorporated community located in the town of Mount Ida in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States.
 It is located along U.S. Route 18.
The Mount Ida Cities Service Filling Station is a historic automotive service station at 204 Whittington Street in Mount Ida, Arkansas.
 It is a small five-sided frame structure, finished in brick that has been stucoed over, with a hip roof that extends to form a canopy over the service area, with supporting brick piers at the far corners.
 Its front (under the canopy) has fixed four-pane windows flanking a center entrance.
 Built in 1925, it was used as a gas station until 1966, and has since housed a variety of small businesses.
 Its role as a gas station was briefly resurrected in the film "White River Kid", which was shot here in 1998.
In Greek mythology, Melisseus ("bee-man"), the father of the nymphs Adrasteia and Ide (or Aega, according to Hyginus) who nursed the infant Zeus on Crete, was the eldest and leader of the nine Kuretes of Crete.
 They were chthonic "daimones" of Mount Ida, who clashed their spears and shields to drown out the wails of infant Zeus, whom they received from the Great Goddess, Rhea, his mother.
 The infant-god was hidden from his cannibal father and was raised in the cave that was sacred to the Goddess ("Da") celebrated by the Kuretes, whose name it bore and still bears.
 The names of the two daughters of Melisseus, one called the "inevitable" (Adrasteia) and the other simply "goddess" (Ida, "de") are names used for the Great Mother Rhea herself.
Described as “one of the most important late 18th century plantation houses in Virginia” by the Senior Architectural Historian, Commonwealth of Virginia Department of Historic Resources, Mount Ida was built c. 1795 by William Cannon, on a hill overlooking the south side of the James River near New Canton in Buckingham County, Virginia.
 The site was near the northwest corner of Cumberland County and across the river from Bremo.
 In 1805 Cannon sold the property to the legendary land baron David Ross, who subsequently sold the property to William Leitch, a Buckingham merchant.
 Around 1850, Leitch, laden with tobacco export wealth, added a major addition to the east side of the house, as evidenced by the difference in siding, window size and interior trim.
 The intricate, extraordinary interior woodwork with its elegant and unique composition was designed by a master builder, modeled after patterns found in two early 18th century architectural treatises, William Pain’s Science of Architecture and Asher Benjamin’s Practical House Carpenter.
 While Leitch family lore contends that Irish immigrants performed the work, scholars are of the opinion that the work may have been done by the same skilled craftsman who markedly similar woodwork at Woodlands (1789-1794), originally in Amelia County and since relocated to Goochland County.
 The interior of Mount Ida has been compared to that at Plain Dealing Plantation (circa late 1780’s), another exemplary plantation home a few miles away in Keene.
Mount Ida School District 20 is a public school district based in Mount Ida, Arkansas.
 The school district serves more than 500 students and employs more than 80 educators and staff at its two schools and district offices.
In Greek mythology, two sacred mountains are called Mount Ida, the "Mountain of the Goddess": Mount Ida in Crete; and Mount Ida in the ancient Troad region of western Anatolia (in modern-day Turkey) which was also known as the "Phrygian Ida" in classical antiquity and is the mountain that is mentioned in the Iliad of Homer and the Aeneid of Virgil.
 Both are associated with the mother goddess in the deepest layers of pre-Greek myth, in that Mount Ida in Anatolia was sacred to Cybele, who is sometimes called "Mater Idaea" ("Idaean Mother"), while Rhea, often identified with Cybele, put the infant Zeus to nurse with Amaltheia at Mount Ida in Crete.
 Thereafter, his birthplace was sacred to Zeus, the king and father of Greek gods and goddesses.
KXI92 (sometimes referred to as Mount Ida All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves Mount Ida, Arkansas and surrounding cities.
 It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office in Little Rock, Arkansas with its transmitter located in Mount Ida.
 It broadcasts weather and hazard information for the following counties: Clark, Garland, Hot Spring, Perry, Pike, Polk, Yell, and Montgomery.
Mount Ida (Turkish: "Kazdağı" , pronounced ] , meaning "Goose Mountain", "Kaz Dağları," or "Karataş Tepesi") is a mountain in northwestern Turkey, some 20 miles southeast of the ruins of Troy, along the north coast of the .
 The name Mount Ida is the ancient one.
 It is between Balıkesir Province and Çanakkale Province.
