Season one (Book One: Water) of "", an American animated television series produced by Nickelodeon Studios, aired 20 episodes from February 21, 2005 to December 2, 2005.
 The series was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, and starred Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, Dante Basco, Dee Bradley Baker, Mako Iwamatsu and Jason Isaacs as the main character voices.
Bolin (愽林 , Bó Lín ) is a major fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "The Legend of Korra", which aired from 2012 to 2014.
 The character and the series, a sequel to "", were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
 He is voiced by P. J. Byrne.
 Bolin is able to manipulate the classical element of earth, which is known as earthbending.
 It is revealed in the third season that he is also able to create and control lava, which is a very rare sub-ability called lavabending.
Season Two (Book Two: Earth) of "", an American animated television series on Nickelodeon, first aired its 20 episodes from March 17, 2006 to December 1, 2006.
 The season was created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, and starred Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, Jessie Flower, Dante Basco, Dee Bradley Baker, Mako Iwamatsu and Grey DeLisle as the main character voices.
General Kuvira (古維拉 , Gǔ Wéi Lā ) is a fictional character and a character in "The Legend of Korra", created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
 Introduced in the third season of the series, she becomes the main antagonist of the fourth season.
 Kuvira was created with similar characteristics to the portrayal of protagonist Korra in prior seasons to highlight the changes she had made over the series.
 Kuvira's character has been mostly met with positive reception.
 Critics note her motives as being understandable, while her actions are given political analogues.
Zaheer is a major recurring character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "The Legend of Korra" (a sequel to "").
 While he serves as the main antagonist of "Book Three: Change", his actions have lingering effects on Avatar Korra and the series' plot in the following book.
 The character was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and is voiced by Henry Rollins.
The Legend of Korra is an American animated television series that aired on the Nickelodeon television network from 2012 to 2014.
 It was created by Bryan Konietzko and Michael Dante DiMartino as a sequel to "", which aired from 2005 to 2008.
 Animated in a style strongly influenced by anime, the series is set in a fictional universe in which some people can manipulate, or "bend", the elements of water, earth, fire, or air.
 Only one person, the "Avatar", can bend all four elements, and is responsible for maintaining balance in the world.
 The series follows Avatar Korra, the reincarnation of Aang from the previous series, as she faces political and spiritual unrest in a modernizing world.
"The Legend of Korra" is an American animated television series created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
 A sequel to "", the series first aired on Nickelodeon in 2012.
 Like its predecessor, the series is set in a fictional world inspired by Asian and Inuit cultures, and inhabited by people who can manipulate the elements of water, earth, fire or air through an ability called "bending."
 One person, the "Avatar," has the ability to bend all four elements.
 Reincarnating in turn among the world's four nations, the Avatar is responsible for maintaining peace, harmony, and balance in the world.
 Korra, the series' protagonist, is the next incarnation of the Avatar after Aang of "Avatar: The Last Airbender".
 Four seasons with a total of 52 episodes have aired.
Season Three (Book Three: Fire) of "", an American animated television series on Nickelodeon, first aired its 21 episodes from September 21, 2007 to July 19, 2008.
 The season was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, and starred Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, Jessie Flower, Dante Basco, Dee Bradley Baker, Greg Baldwin, Grey DeLisle and Mark Hamill as the main character voices.
General Iroh (艾洛 , Aì Luò ) is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "".
 Created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, the character was voiced by Mako Iwamatsu in season one and season two and, due to Mako's death, by Greg Baldwin, in season three and the sequel series "The Legend of Korra".
"" is a 61-episode American animated television series created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
 It first aired on February 21, 2005, on Nickelodeon with a one-hour series premiere and concluded its run with a two-hour TV movie on July 19, 2008.
 The "Avatar: The Last Airbender" franchise refers to each season as a "Book", in which each episode is referred to as a "chapter".
 Each "Book" takes its name from one of the elements that Aang, the protagonist, must master: Water, Earth, and Fire.
 The show's first two seasons each consisted of 20 episodes, while the third season had 21.
 In addition to the three seasons, there were two recap episodes and three "shorts".
 The first recap summarized the first eighteen episodes while the second summarized season two.
 The first self-parody was released via an online flash game.
 The second and third were released with the Complete Second Season Box Set DVD.
 The entire series has been released on DVD in Region One, Region Two and Region Four.
