USS "Bunch" (DE-694) was a "Buckley"-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy, named after Kenneth Cecil Bunch, killed in action on 6 June 1942 while flying as radioman-gunner in an SBD Dauntless dive bomber during the Battle of Midway.
No. 25 Squadron of the Royal New Zealand Air Force was formed at Seagrove, Auckland in July 1943 with Douglas SBD Dauntless dive bombers and served in the Southern Pacific based at the Piva Airstrip on Bougainville, flying missions against Japanese forces on Bougainville and at Rabaul.
 It was disbanded in May 1944 and reformed as a fighter/ground attack squadron flying F4U Corsairs.
 It served in Santo, Guadalcanal, Los Negros and Emirau, before returning to New Zealand and being disbanded in September 1945.
 A SBD-4 Dauntless operated by 25 Squadron was for a time preserved in the Royal New Zealand Air Force Museum at Wigram, displayed in the condition which it was recovered after being lost with its crew while on a training mission at Espiritu Santo.
 One of the SBD-5 aircraft operated by 25 Squadron has been restored to flying condition in America for the "Planes of Fame" museum, in the colour scheme of an American aircraft.
The Douglas SBD Dauntless was a World War II American naval scout plane and dive bomber that was manufactured by Douglas Aircraft from 1940 through 1944.
 The SBD ("Scout Bomber Douglas") was the United States Navy's main carrier-borne scout plane and dive bomber from mid-1940 through mid-1944.
 The SBD was also flown by the United States Marine Corps, both from land air bases and aircraft carriers.
 The SBD is best remembered as the bomber that delivered the fatal blows to the Japanese carriers at the Battle of Midway in June 1942.
 The type earned its nickname "Slow But Deadly" (with the SBD initials) during this period.
The Curtiss SB2C Helldiver was a carrier-based dive bomber aircraft produced for the United States Navy during World War II.
 It replaced the Douglas SBD Dauntless in US Navy service.
 The SB2C was much faster than the SBD it replaced.
USS "Dennis" (DE-405) was a World War II "John C. Butler"-class destroyer escort in the service of the United States Navy.
 "Dennis" was named after Radioman Third Class Otis Lee Dennis.
 He was killed in action 1 February 1942 with Carleton Thayer Fogg (namesake of "Fogg" ) when their Douglas SBD Dauntless was lost during an attack launched by "Enterprise" on Roi-Namur, Kwajalein.
 It was one of the first offensive operations following Pearl Harbor.
Seisho Maru (Japanese: 盛祥丸 , "Seishō Maru" ) was a cargo ship for Mitsui Bussan Kaisho in military service that was sunk by an American submarine during World War II.
 The ship had been built as SS "West Caruth, a cargo ship for the United States Shipping Board () shortly after the end of World War I.
 Shortly after completion, the ship was inspected by the United States Navy for possible use as USS "West Caruth" (ID-2850) but was neither taken into the Navy nor ever commissioned under that name.
 Before being sold to Japanese owners in 1928, she was also known as SS "Exmoor and SS "Antonio Tripcovich".
The Tama Maru No. 2 was a 264 gross ton whaler built by Mitsubishi Jukogyo Kabushiki Kaisha, Kobe for Taiyo Hogei Kabushiki Kaisha in 1936.
 She was requisitioned in 1941 by the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II and converted into a minesweeper.
 On 10 March 1942, during the invasion of Lae-Salamaua, "Tama Maru No. 2" was damaged by Douglas SBD Dauntless dive bombers from the United States Navy aircraft carriers USS "Lexington" and USS "Yorktown" off Lae, New Guinea.
No. 26 Squadron RNZAF was a squadron of the Royal New Zealand Air Force.
 Formed in October 1943, during World War II, from "C Flight", No. 25 Squadron at RNZAF Station Seagrove to be equipped with Douglas SBD Dauntless dive bombers, however was disbanded in January 1944.
 Reformed in March 1945 at RNZAF Station Ardmore, equipped with Chance-Vought F4U-1 Corsair fighter bombers.
 The squadron was based at Kukum Airfield on Guadalcanal and Piva Airfield on Bougainville before being disbanded in June 1945.
Olha Basarab (Ukrainian: Ольга Михайлівна Басараб September 1, 1889 - February 12, 1924) was a Ukrainian political activist and member of the Ukrainian Military Organization who conducted both charitable and humanitarian work that was recognized by the International Red Cross, as well as military or intelligence work on behalf of the Ukrainian underground.
 She was an executive of the Ukrainian Women's Union branch in Lviv Ukraine.
 She was arrested by the Polish police after being accused of working with the Ukrainian Military Organization and of spying for Germany (with whom the Ukrainian Military Organization had a working relationship).
 Materials indicating cooperation with Germany's intelligence were found at her home.
 Different accounts of her death in prison exist range from suicide to murder.
 Afterwards she was seen as a martyr and source of inspiration within the Ukrainian community.
The China Maru was a 5,870 gross ton cargo ship built by Kawasaki Dockyard Company, Kobe, for Kawasaki Kisen Kabushiki Kaisha in 1920.
 The cargo ship ran aground off Balum Island, Feni Islands, Papua New Guinea, on 26 June 1939, while steaming to Sydney from Yokohama, and was later refloated.
 She was requisitioned in 1941 by the Imperial Japanese Navy for use during World War II.
 On 10 March 1942, during the invasion of Lae-Salamaua, "China Maru" was damaged by SBD aircraft from the United States Navy aircraft carriers USS "Lexington" and USS "Yorktown" off Lae, New Guinea.
