"Out of My League" is a song recorded by American band Fitz and The Tantrums and produced by Tony Hoffer.
 The song is the lead single from the band's second studio album, "More Than Just a Dream".
 "Out of My League" was released as a single on February 7, 2013.
 The song became the group's first number one hit on the Alternative Songs chart, as well as making history for completing the slowest climb to the summit of the chart, at 33 weeks.
James King is an American multi-instrumentalist who is a cofounder for soul band Fitz and The Tantrums.
 In 2008, he was approached by college friend Michael Fitzpatrick to play saxophone on a few songs that he had written which turned out to be the beginnings of Fitz and The Tantrums.
 King recommended Noelle Scaggs and other musicians.
 They performed for the first time a week later at Hollywood's Hotel Café, They released their debut EP "Songs for a Breakup, Vol.
 1" in August 2009, and the tracks soon received airplay on public radio station KCRW in Los Angeles.
"HandClap" is a song recorded by American indie pop band Fitz and The Tantrums.
 The song was released as the lead single from their self-titled album "Fitz and the Tantrums" on March 25, 2016 through Elektra Records.
 It is their highest-charting song on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at number 53.
Songs for a Break Up: Vol.
 1 is the debut studio EP by the American indie rock band Fitz and The Tantrums, released on August 11, 2009 through Canyon Productions.
 It was re-released in 2010 when the band signed to Dangerbird Records.
Fitz and The Tantrums (FATT) is an American indie pop and neo soul band from Los Angeles that formed in 2008.
 The band consists of Michael Fitzpatrick (lead vocals), Noelle Scaggs (co-lead vocals and percussion), James King (saxophone, flute, keyboard, percussion and guitar), Joseph Karnes (bass guitar), Jeremy Ruzumna (keyboards) and John Wicks (drums and percussion).
 Their debut studio album, "Pickin' Up the Pieces", was released in August 2010 on indie label Dangerbird Records and received critical acclaim.
 It reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart.
 The band signed to their current label Elektra Records in early 2013 and went on to release their sophomore LP, "More Than Just a Dream," on May 7, 2013.
 Their self-titled third album was released on June 10, 2016.
The 16th Annual Honda Civic Tour was a concert tour headlined by American rock band OneRepublic.
 Sponsored by Honda and produced by Marketing Factory, the tour also features Fitz and The Tantrums and James Arthur.
 The tour began on July 7, 2017 in Kansas City and concluded on September 27, 2017 in Shanghai.
The following is the discography of Fitz and The Tantrums, a Los Angeles-based indie pop band formed in 2008 by Michael Fitzpatrick (lead vocals).
"The Walker" is a song by the American neo soul band Fitz and The Tantrums.
 It is the second single from the band's second album "More Than Just a Dream".
 The song was used in the trailers for the movies "The Boxtrolls" and "Storks", in the trailer for video game "The Sims 4", in television commercials for the 86th Academy Awards that were hosted by Ellen DeGeneres, in the 2014 Major League Baseball postseason and in commercials for Sprite, Supercuts, Reebok ZQuick and Walmart.
 In 2014, the song started being used as the opening theme to the MLB Network show "High Heat", hosted by Christopher "Mad Dog" Russo.
 The song is also featured in the pilot episode of the FOX television sitcom "Grandfathered".
 It has also been used in the soundtrack of the video game "NBA 2K18".
Live from Daryl's House (simply known as Daryl's House, and often abbreviated as LFDH) is an online series that was first created in fall 2007.
 The show features singer-songwriter Daryl Hall performing with his band and various guest artists at his home in Millerton, New York.
 The show provides a performance space that is an alternative to live concerts and studio sessions for popular artists.
 This allows the artists to "…have fun and [be] creatively spontaneous".
 The majority of shows include a segment in which Hall and the guest artist prepare food from different cuisines for everyone to eat.
 The food comes from various local restaurants and the chefs of those establishments walk Hall and guest through the preparation of the food.
 "Live From Daryl's House" expanded to broadcast TV but remained unchanged.
 Hall was quoted by Billboard.com as saying "it's an Internet show that is being shown on television, so I'm not adapting the show at all in any way to be a 'TV' show."
 The show debuted in 95 markets on September 24, 2011, with back-to-back half-hour episodes featuring Train (Episode 33) and Fitz & the Tantrums (Episode 35).
 Starting with the 66th episode of "Live From Daryl's House", the shows are filmed at Hall's club, Daryl's House, in Pawling, New York.
Michael Sean "Fitz" Fitzpatrick (born July 21, 1970) is a French-American musician and singer-songwriter who is the lead vocalist of the indie pop and neo-soul band Fitz and The Tantrums.
