Courage the Cowardly Dog is an American animated horror comedy television series created by John R. Dilworth for Cartoon Network as part of the network's Cartoon Cartoons block.
 The main character is the eponymous pink, anthropomorphic dog who lives with a married elderly couple in the middle of Nowhere.
 The trio are frequently thrown into bizarre misadventures, often involving the paranormal or supernatural.
 The series is known for its dark, surreal humor and atmosphere.
Bessie Harvey (born Bessie Ruth White on October 11, 1929, died August 12, 1994) was an American folk artist best known for her sculptures constructed out of found objects, primarily pieces of found wood.
 Her work is often categorized as outsider art, visionary art, or self-taught art.
Ayakashi: Samurai Horror Tales, known in Japan as Ayakashi (怪 ) , is a Japanese animated horror anthology television series produced by Toei Animation.
"Regular Show" is an American animated comedy television series created by J. G. Quintel for Cartoon Network.
 It ran from September 6, 2010 to January 16, 2017, concluding with a total of 261 episodes through eight seasons.
 The series revolves around the lives of two friends who are 23 – a blue jay named Mordecai (Quintel) and a raccoon named Rigby (William Salyers) – both of whom are employed as groundskeepers at a local park.
 "Regular Show" depicts their daily routines at work and usual attempts to slack off, which often result in surreal misadventures.
 Other major characters include fellow groundskeepers Skips (Mark Hamill), Muscle Man (Sam Marin), and Hi-Five Ghost (Quintel), park manager Pops (Marin), and their boss Benson (Marin).
Ruth White (born 1925) is an American composer known for her electronic music compositions.
 While most of her career was dedicated to educational recordings, she is best known for being an electronic music pioneer, owing to her early explorations of sound using the Moog synthesizer.
 The back cover of her 1971 release "Short Circuits" stated that “Ruth White is considered among today’s most gifted arbiters of what is termed ‘the new music’".
Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories (also known as Bedtime Stories) is an American horror comedy television series on Adult Swim.
 "Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories" was created by Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim of the comedy duo Tim & Eric, who have been working with the network for several years with various shows and projects.
 The pilot episode aired on October 31, 2013, and the series officially premiered on September 18, 2014.
Animaniacs is an American animated comedy television series created by Tom Ruegger.
 It is the second animated series produced by Amblin Entertainment in association with Warner Bros.
 Animation during the animation renaissance of the late 1980s and early 1990s.
 "Animaniacs" first aired on Fox Kids from 1993 to 1995 and new episodes later appeared on The WB from 1995 to 1998 as part of its Kids' WB afternoon programming block.
 The series had a total of 99 episodes and one film, "Wakko's Wish".
Thea Ruth White (née Zitzner; born 1940) is an American voice actress best known for her voice over work as Muriel Bagge on "Courage the Cowardly Dog".
The eighth and final season of the American animated comedy television series "Regular Show", created by J. G. Quintel, originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
 Quintel originally created the series' pilot using characters from his comedy shorts for the cancelled anthology series "The Cartoonstitute".
 He developed "Regular Show" from his own experiences in college, while several of its main characters originated from his animated shorts "The Naïve Man from Lolliland" and "2 in the AM PM".
 He himself voice acts one of the main characters in the show, "Mordecai", a blue jay.
 It was announced on July 7, 2015 and began airing on September 26, 2016 to January 16, 2017 on Cartoon Network in the United States.
"Megas XLR" is an American animated action comedy television series created by Jody Schaeffer and George Krstic for Cartoon Network, which aired two seasons from May 1, 2004 to January 15, 2005, each consisting of 13 episodes.
 The series revolves around two slackers, mechanic Coop (David DeLuise) and his best friend Jamie (Steven Blum), who find a mecha robot from the future called Megas ("Mechanized Earth Guard Attack System") in a New Jersey junkyard.
 Coop modifies Megas and replaces his head, the control center, with a classic muscle car, and names him XLR ("eXtra Large Robot").
 Together with Megas's original pilot Kiva (Wendee Lee), they must defend Earth from the evil alien race called "the Glorft".
