Liaoning Zhongda Aluminium Flying Eagles () is a Chinese professional women's basketball club in Anshan playing in the Women's Chinese Basketball Association (WCBA).
 The team's coach is Bo Overton.
 The team finished third in the 2011-2012 season.
 There were two players from the club on the China women's national basketball team that competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics: Ma Zengyu and Chen Xiaoli.
The Logan Thunder was an Australian professional women's basketball team competing in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).
 The team was based in Logan, Queensland.
The South East Queensland Stars was an Australian professional women's basketball team competing in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).
 The team was based in Brisbane, Queensland.
The University of Canberra Capitals are an Australian professional women's basketball team competing in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).
 The team is based in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.
 In 2014 the University of Canberra Union took control of the Capitals from Basketball ACT.
 The University of Canberra is the current naming rights sponsor for the Capitals.
The 1997 WNBA draft was the inaugural draft held by the WNBA through which teams could select new players from a talent pool of college and professional women's basketball players.
 Unlike later drafts, this draft was unique because there were three different stages in which teams built their rosters.
 First on January 22, 1997, the Initial Player Allocation draft took place in which 16 players were assigned to each team in no particular order.
 The elite draft portion comprised professional women's basketball players who had competed in other leagues, usually international leagues.
 On February 27, 1997, an elite draft added two more players to each team.
 On April 28, 1997, the four rounds of the regular WNBA draft took place.
 Draftees Cynthia Cooper, Sheryl Swoopes, and Tina Thompson would become the core pieces of the Houston Comets dynasty.
The Adelaide Lightning are an Australian professional women's basketball team competing in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).
 The club is based in the city of Adelaide, South Australia.
 The club was formed in 1993 and they play in the 8,000-seat Titanium Security Arena.
The Dandenong Rangers are an Australian professional women's basketball team competing in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).
 The club is based in Dandenong, Melbourne, Victoria.
 Historically, they have been one of the more successful franchises in league history, regularly making the playoffs, but have struggled over the past 2 years to make the grand final, falling short in the preliminary final stage.
 They are strong rivals with the cross-town Melbourne Boomers.
The Colorado Chill were a professional women's basketball team playing in the National Women's Basketball League (NWBL) from 2004 to 2006.
 Based in Loveland, Colorado.
 They were Colorado's second and longest-lived women's pro basketball team.
 The Chill won the final two championships of the NWBL, which folded in 2007.
Nera D. White (November 15, 1935 – April 13, 2016) was an American basketball player.
 White played in the AAU national tournaments for the Nashville Business College team while completing her education at George Peabody College for Teachers, which did not field a team.
 Later, she led the United States national women's basketball team to their victory in the 1957 FIBA World Championship.
 Throughout her career, she was awarded numerous accolades, including her induction to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame.
 Playing at a time when there were no major professional women's basketball leagues in the U.S., White distinguished herself, receiving many accolades as one of the greatest female players in history.
 Talented in multiple sports, she also was distinguished as an All-World player by the Amateur Softball Association.
The Melbourne Boomers are an Australian professional women's basketball club based in Melbourne, Victoria.
 It was established in 1969 and, after missing out in 1983, was accepted into the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL) in 1984 under the name of Bulleen Boomers, named after the suburb of the same name.
 Applications were prepared and presented by Jan Collinson, who remained the club’s delegate to the League for many years with her efforts being rewarded with a Life Membership to the League in 2001.
 Other workers crucial to Bulleen’s entry in the WNBL in the club’s formative years were Janice McLeod, Gary Turner and John Barker.
