In physical cosmology, the Alpher–Bethe–Gamow paper, or αβγ paper, was created by Ralph Alpher, then a physics PhD student, and his advisor George Gamow.
 The work, which would become the subject of Alpher's PhD dissertation, argued that the Big Bang would create hydrogen, helium and heavier elements in the correct proportions to explain their abundance in the early universe.
 While the original theory neglected a number of processes important to the formation of heavy elements, subsequent developments showed that Big Bang nucleosynthesis is consistent with the observed constraints on all primordial elements.
The Jacket is the student newspaper serving the roughly three thousand students of Berkeley High School, California.
 The paper is published every other Friday and is usually sixteen pages long, with only the front, back, and two middle pages in color.
 There are five sections in the paper: news, opinion, features, entertainment, and sports.
 The staff of the "Jacket" includes more than one hundred student editors, reporters, photographers, and videographers as well as one faculty advisor.
 The Jacket's editorial board is composed of about twenty-five students who are elected by the previous year's senior editors.
 The name of the paper is taken from the mascot of Berkeley High School, the Yellowjacket.
 From around the mid-1950s into the early 1960s, the paper was a daily, printed by students in the school's own print shop.
 Most issues at that time were one-sheets, that is, two-sided, 8½ x 11 inch pages.
 Friday issues were usually four pages long.
 You can find the Jacket's website at bhsjacket.com
In mathematics, a field "F" is called quasi-algebraically closed (or C) if every non-constant homogeneous polynomial "P" over "F" has a non-trivial zero provided the number of its variables is more than its degree.
 The idea of quasi-algebraically closed fields was investigated by C. C. Tsen, a student of Emmy Noether, in a 1936 paper ; and later by Serge Lang in his 1951 Princeton University dissertation and in his 1952 paper .
 The idea itself is attributed to Lang's advisor Emil Artin.
Edward Teller (Hungarian: "Teller Ede" ; January 15, 1908 – September 9, 2003) was a Hungarian-American theoretical physicist who was born in Hungary, and is known colloquially as "the father of the hydrogen bomb", although he claimed he did not care for the title.
 He made numerous contributions to nuclear and molecular physics, spectroscopy (in particular the Jahn–Teller and Renner–Teller effects), and surface physics.
 His extension of Enrico Fermi's theory of beta decay, in the form of Gamow–Teller transitions, provided an important stepping stone in its application, while the Jahn–Teller effect and the Brunauer–Emmett–Teller (BET) theory have retained their original formulation and are still mainstays in physics and chemistry.
 Teller also made contributions to Thomas–Fermi theory, the precursor of density functional theory, a standard modern tool in the quantum mechanical treatment of complex molecules.
 In 1953, along with Nicholas Metropolis, Arianna Rosenbluth, Marshall Rosenbluth, and Augusta Teller, Teller co-authored a paper which is a standard starting point for the applications of the Monte Carlo method to statistical mechanics.
Ylem is a term that was used by George Gamow, his student Ralph Alpher, and their associates in the late 1940s for a hypothetical original substance or condensed state of matter, which became subatomic particles and elements as we understand them today.
 The term "ylem" was actually resuscitated (it appears in Webster's Second "the first substance from which the elements were supposed to have been formed") by Ralph Alpher.
The Gilman Paper Company was a paper producer that was started in the 1880s by Isaac Gilman in Gilman, Vermont.
 In the 1940s his son Charles Gilman built an additional mill in St. Mary's, Georgia.
 The company was capable of producing 2.6 million pounds of paper per day, employed 1,100 workers and 1,500 independent contractors, with an office in at 111 West 50th Street, New York.
 At the death of Charles Gilman in 1967, the company was run by his two sons, Charles (Chris) Gilman Jr and Howard Gilman.
 During this period the photography collection was started by Chris's wife Sondra Gilman, with the support of Chris and Howard.
 At the death of Charles Jr, in January 1982, Howard bought the balance of the company from Charles's estate and both Gilman Paper and Sondra Gilman continued to collect photographs.
 Howard Gilman died of a heart attack at his White Oak Plantation in Yulee, Florida in 1998.
 The paper mill was subsequently sold to Durango Products of Mexico.
 In 2002, Durango entered into bankruptcy, and the paper mill was shut down in September, 2002.
Kate Gordon is an American lawyer, urban planner, non-profit advisor, and leader in the “green jobs” and climate risk movement.
 She is currently an independent consultant and Senior Advisor at the Paulson Institute, where she provides strategic support on issues related to climate change and sustainable economic growth.
 She is also a nonresident Fellow at the Center on Global Energy Policy at Columbia University and a regular contributor to the Wall Street Journal as one of the paper’s “Energy Experts.
” She currently serves on the non-profit boards of Vote Solar, Center for Carbon Removal, and the American Jobs Project and writes a regular newsletter on clean energy and climate called "Kate's Cliffnotes"
The Bethe–Salpeter equation (named after Hans Bethe and Edwin Salpeter) describes the bound states of a two-body (particles) quantum field theoretical system in a relativistically covariant formalism.
 The equation was actually first published in 1950 at the end of a paper by Yoichiro Nambu, but without derivation.
In nuclear physics, the semi-empirical mass formula (SEMF) (sometimes also called Weizsäcker's formula, or the Bethe–Weizsäcker formula, or the Bethe–Weizsäcker mass formula to distinguish it from the Bethe–Weizsäcker process) is used to approximate the mass and various other properties of an atomic nucleus from its number of protons and neutrons.
 As the name suggests, it is based partly on theory and partly on empirical measurements.
 The theory is based on the liquid drop model proposed by George Gamow, which can account for most of the terms in the formula and gives rough estimates for the values of the coefficients.
 It was first formulated in 1935 by German physicist Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker, and although refinements have been made to the coefficients over the years, the structure of the formula remains the same today.
N. J. Rao has done B.Tech (Hons.)
 and M.Tech in Chemical Engineering from IIT Kharagpur and Ph.D.
 in Chemical Engineering from University of Roorkee.
 He served over 34 year's at IIT Roorkee / University of Roorkee at Chemical Engineering Department and Department of Paper Technology.
 He worked for several years as Director of Institute of Paper Technology.
 He was the Director of Central Pulp and Paper Research Institute, a national laboratory under Ministry of Industry (GOI) for one year.
 His research interest includes Energy and Environmental management of Process industries, particularly Pulp and Paper Fluid - Particle Mechanics.
 He has published over 160 research papers and 8 Ph.D. scholars got their degrees under his guidance.
 He has several awards for best papers and best teacher and is associated with several National and International bodies like UNEP(NIEM), CPCB, NPC, MOEF, DST, CSE, HNL, Shreyans Industries Ltd., WBCSD, IL & FS and has visited many countries like China, France, UK, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Germany, Canada, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia.
 He has been a visiting professor at NTH Trondheim (Norway).
 He served as Editor / Editorial Advisor / National Editor for IPPTA Journal; CSIR Journal, In Paper International, Pulp and Paper International, Urja.
