Restaurant Brands International is a Canadian multinational fast food company.
 Formed in 2014 by the $12.5 billion merger between American fast food restaurant chain Burger King and the Canadian coffee shop and restaurant chain Tim Hortons, and expanded by the 2017 purchase of Louisiana-based and themed Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, the company is the third-largest operator of fast food restaurants in the world.
 The company is based alongside Tim Hortons in Oakville, Ontario, but both chains retain their existing operations and headquarters in Oakville and Miami respectively.
 The merger focused primarily on expanding the international reach of the Tim Hortons brand, and providing financial efficiencies for both companies.
Harvey's is a fast food restaurant chain that operates in Canada, with locations in every province.
 It serves hamburgers, hot dogs, french fries, onion rings, and other traditional fast food fare.
 The chain is owned by Cara Operations.
 Harvey's is the second-largest Canadian-established restaurant chain in the country behind Tim Hortons, and is the fourth-largest burger chain in Canada.
Chefette Restaurants is the largest fast food restaurant chain based in the Caribbean island nation of Barbados.
 Currently operating throughout the island in 14 locations, Chefette is known for its broasted chicken meals as well as a local curried-'meat + vegetable' (similar to the European Gyro) roll-up or wrap, locally known as a roti.
 Chefette was founded by a Trinidadian businessman named Assad John Haloute, who migrated to Barbados in 1971.
 In 1972, he opened the first Chefette Restaurant at Fontabelle, St. Michael.
 As the success of the chain grew over the next three decades, the restaurant chain continued its expansion.
 The company's trademark colours are yellow and purple.
KFC, until 1991 known as Kentucky Fried Chicken, is an American fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken.
 Headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, it is the world's second-largest restaurant chain (as measured by sales) after McDonald's, with almost 20,000 locations globally in 123 countries and territories as of December 2015 .
 The chain is a subsidiary of Yum!
 Brands, a restaurant company that also owns the Pizza Hut and Taco Bell chains.
Nirula's is India's oldest fast food restaurant chain.
 Based in North India and most popular in NCR Delhi, it was Delhi's first fast food restaurant, opening in Connaught Place in 1977.
 Today it has over 70 outlets in NCR Delhi, Bihar, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh states, offering a “Desi” version of Western fast food items.
 Nirula's success has led them to branch out into other ventures which include, ‘Potpourri’, an Indian cuisine, casual dining restaurant chain; ‘Nirula's 21’, ice cream parlour chain, in addition to pastry shops and two hotels in Noida and Panipat.
 Recently Nirula's opened its first franchise in Patna, their first outlet in the entire east zone.
Greene Inlet ( ) is an inlet immediately northwest of Cape Paryadin at the west end of South Georgia.
 The name "Deep Inlet" was probably given by Lieutenant Commander J.M. Chaplin, Royal Navy, of the "Discovery", during his survey of the Undine Harbour area in 1926 but it is not used locally.
 The South Georgia Survey, 1951–52, reported that the feature requires a name, but that Deep Inlet is not sufficiently distinctive, being descriptive of so many features at South Georgia.
 Greene Inlet is named for Daniel Greene of New Haven, CT, who in 1790 commanded one of the first two American sealing vessels to visit South Georgia.
Daniel Greene Garnsey (June 17, 1779 – May 11, 1851) was an American politician from New York, Michigan and Illinois.
When the predecessor of international fast food restaurant chain Burger King (BK) first opened in 1955, its menu predominantly consisted of hamburgers, French fries, soft drinks, milkshakes, and desserts.
 After being acquired by its Miami, Florida franchisees and renamed in 1954, BK began expanding its menu by adding the Whopper.
 The company did not add another permanent hamburger to its menu until the introduction of the Big King sandwich in 1996 in response to McDonald's Big Mac sandwich.
 The company began experimenting with premium hamburgers, made from higher quality ingredients, in 1978 with the introduction of its Specialty Sandwich product line.
 The products were some of the first designed by a fast food restaurant chain that were intended to capture the adult market, members of which would be willing to spend more on a higher-quality product.
 However, it wasn't until 2002 when the company began to work on a premium burger in earnest.
 On the value side, Burger King first started offering sliders to its menu in the mid-1980s and offered them off and on for the next twenty years.
A fast food restaurant, also known as a quick service restaurant (QSR) within the industry, is a specific type of restaurant that serves fast food cuisine and has minimal table service.
 The food served in fast food restaurants is typically part of a "meat-sweet diet", offered from a limited menu, cooked in bulk in advance and kept hot, finished and packaged to order, and usually available for take away, though seating may be provided.
 Fast food restaurants are typically part of a restaurant chain or franchise operation that provisions standardized ingredients and/or partially prepared foods and supplies to each restaurant through controlled supply channels.
 The term "fast food" was recognized in a dictionary by Merriam–Webster in 1951.
Daniel Greene Littlefield (November 23, 1822 – May 31, 1891) was a haircloth mill owner in Central Falls, Rhode Island and Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island for one term 1889–1890.
