Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Korean: 대웅제약) is a Seoul, South Korea-based bioengineering company operating as a subsidiary of Daewoong Co., Ltd., a global health care group.
 Daewoong Pharmaceutical primarily engages in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products in South Korea, including prescription and over-the-counter healthcare products.
Nepidermin (brand name Easyef), also known as recombinant human epidermal growth factor (rhEGF), is a recombinant form of human epidermal growth factor (EGF) and a cicatrizant (a drug that promotes wound healing through formation of scar tissue).
 It was developed by Daewoong Pharmaceutical.
 As a recombinant form of EGF, nepidermin is an agonist of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), and is the first EGFR agonist to be marketed.
Oronamin C Drink (オロナミンCドリンク , Oronamin Shī Dorinku ) , produced by Otsuka Chemical Holdings Co., Ltd., (distributed and sold by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co.) is a carbonated beverage available in Japan.
 It is commonly called Oronamin C or Oronamin.
 Its name is similar to the Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. product "Arinamin" and its name comes from Otsuka's own Oronine H Ointment (オロナインH軟膏 ) and its main ingredient, vitamin C.
 Oronamin C was named after the Oronine H Ointment in hopes that it would prove to be equally successful.
PKU Healthcare Corp., Ltd. formerly known as PKU International Healthcare Group Southwest Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., is a Chinese pharmaceutical company.
 The major shareholder was PKU Healthcare Group, a subsidiary of PKU Founder Group.
 PKU Founder Group itself is a subsidiary of Peking University, in turn making the listed company a state-owned enterprise by boarder definition.
Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (参天製薬株式会社 , Santen Seiyaku Kabushiki-gaisha ) , is Japanese pharmaceutical company, specializing in ophthalmology and rheumatology medicines.
 With its ophthalmic products Santen holds the top share within the Japanese market and is one of the leading ophthalmic companies worldwide, with its products being sold in over 50 countries.
Astellas Pharma Inc. (アステラス製薬株式会社 , Asuterasu Seiyaku Kabushiki-gaisha ) is a Japanese pharmaceutical company, formed on 1 April 2005 from the merger of Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (山之内製薬株式会社 , Yamanouchi Seiyaku Kabushiki-gaisha ) and Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (藤沢薬品工業株式会社 , Fujisawa Yakuhin Kōgyō Kabushiki-gaisha ) .
Nanjing Ange Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. () is a pharmaceutical company in Nanjing, in the People's Republic of China, specializing in the development of “New Drugs” (the drugs that previously have not been marketed in China, i.e., New Chemical Entities for China's FDA) as well as the research, development, production and trade of chemical APIs and pharmaceutical intermediates.
Taisho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (大正製薬株式会社, Taisho Seiyaku Kabushiki-gaisha ) () is a Japanese pharmaceutical company based in Tokyo.
Tianyin Pharmaceutical () was set up in 1994 and now is based in Cheng Du, China.
 The company focuses on biopharmaceutical medicines, famous for its generics, traditional Chinese medicines. Most of the products are used in internal medicines, gynecology, hepatology, otolaryngology, urology, neurology, gastroenterology, and orthopedics.
 Chengdu Tianyin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. is the TPI’s subsidiary.
Green Cross Corporation (株式会社ミドリ十字; "Kabushiki Gaisha Midori Jūji") was one of the premier pharmaceutical companies in Japan.
 The company merged into Yoshitomi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (吉富製薬株式会社) on April 1, 1998, and renamed to Welfide Corporation (ウェルファイド株式会社) on April 1, 2000.
 Finally Welfide Corp. and Mitsubishi-Tokyo Pharmaceutical Inc. (三菱東京製薬株式会社) were merged to form Mitsubishi Pharma Corporation (三菱ウェルファーマ株式会社) on October 1, 2001.
