The SLS Hotel & Casino Las Vegas (formerly Sahara Hotel and Casino) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester, Nevada.
 It is owned by Stockbridge Real Estate but is under contract to be purchased by Alex Meruelo and Meruelo Group (owners of the Grand Sierra Resort Hotel & Casino in Reno) with an expected closing date of Q3 2017.
The Playboy Club was a nightclub formerly located on the 52nd floor of the "Fantasy Tower" at the Palms Casino Resort in Paradise, Nevada, which is located in the Las Vegas Valley.
 The club was a Playboy-themed casino and the first official Playboy Club in the United States since 1988.
 The club opened in October 2006 and closed in June 2012.
The Legends Resort & Country Club, often called simply Legends, is a hotel located on County Route 517 in Vernon Township in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.
 In the 1970s, Hugh Hefner built it as The Great Gorge Playboy Club Hotel, officially opened in 1972.
 The Playboy Club was closed circa 1982 and sold and turned into The Americana Hotel.
 Later being sold again, was turned into The Seasons Hotel.
 Seasons was later sold again to parent-company Metairie Corp (owned by Hillel A. "Hillie" Meyers), which turned into its current incarnation as the Legends Resort & Country Club.
 The Hotel has been derelict and permanently closed to public operations for many years.
 In February 2017 Vernon Township started to evict many of the low income full-time residents of the hotel.
 It was revealed Andrew Mulvihill was the owner of many of the rooms rented out illegally to low income residents.
 Mulvihill has a controlling interest in the derelict Great Gorge Village in Vernon Township and the nearby Crystal Springs Resort in Hardyston.
 Some of the evicted residents are thought to have been relocated to these developments.
The Playboy Club was initially a chain of nightclubs and resorts owned and operated by Playboy Enterprises.
 The first club opened at 116 E. Walton Street in downtown Chicago, Illinois, United States, on February 29, 1960.
 Each club generally featured a Living Room, a Playmate Bar, a Dining Room, and a Club Room.
 Members and their guests were served food and drinks by Playboy Bunnies, some of whom were featured in "Playboy" magazine.
 The clubs offered name entertainers and comedians in the Club Rooms, and local musicians and the occasional close-up magician in the Living Rooms.
 Starting with the London and Jamaica club locations, the Playboy Club became international in scope.
 In 1991, the club chain became defunct.
 On October 6, 2006 a new club was opened in Las Vegas, and in 2010 new clubs were opened as well in Macao and Cancun.
 In time the Las Vegas club closed on June 4, 2012, the Macao club closed in 2013 and the Cancun club closed in 2014.
 In May 2014 the Commerce Casino in Los Angeles opened a Playboy themed lounge consisting of gaming tables and Playboy Bunny cocktail waitresses.
Hooters Casino Hotel is a hotel and casino located off the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States.
 It is owned by Trinity Hotel Investors and operated by the Navegante Group.
 It is located off the Strip next to the Tropicana and across the street from the MGM Grand Las Vegas.
 The hotel has 696 rooms with a 35000 sqft casino.
Palms Casino Resort is a hotel and casino located near the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 It has 703 rooms and suites and contains 94840 sqft casino, recording studio, Michelin-starred restaurant and 2,500-seat concert theater.
The Tropicana – Las Vegas Boulevard intersection on the Las Vegas Strip (Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard), is noteworthy for several reasons.
 It was the first intersection in Las Vegas completely closed to street level pedestrian traffic and its four corners are home to four major resorts: Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Tropicana Las Vegas, New York-New York Hotel and Casino and MGM Grand Las Vegas—the latter has 5,044 rooms and was once the largest hotel in the world.
 The resorts at the four corners have a total of 12,536 hotel rooms as of 2016.
El Rancho Vegas was a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
 It was located at 2500 Las Vegas Boulevard, at the southwest corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sahara Avenue, and opened on April 3, 1941.
 Until 1942, it was the largest hotel in Las Vegas with 110 rooms.
 On June 17, 1960, the hotel was destroyed by fire.
 In 1982, the El Rancho Hotel and Casino formerly known as the Thunderbird and later as the Silverbird opened across the street from the former site of the El Rancho Vegas, creating some confusion.
The Alon Las Vegas was an upcoming luxury hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 It was located on the site of the former New Frontier Hotel and Casino, near the Wynn Las Vegas and the Fashion Show Mall.
The MGM Grand Las Vegas (formerly Marina and MGM-Marina) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 The MGM Grand is the largest single hotel in the United States with 5,124 rooms.
 It is also the third-largest hotel complex in the world by number of rooms and second-largest hotel resort complex in the United States behind the combined The Venetian and The Palazzo.
 When it opened in 1993, the MGM Grand was the largest hotel complex in the world.
