Okawa Shaznay is a Nollywood actress from Cameroon and the first from her country to successfully break into Nollywood with her role in the blockbuster movie Iyore; starring alongside Rita Dominic and Joseph Benjamin.
 Okawa Shaznay has also gained more prominence with her leading role in the 2016 hit TV series .
 She won the Exquisite Lady of the Year (ELOY) award for TV Actress of the year in 2016 for her role in Delilah.
Susan Peters (born May 30, 1980) is a multiple award-winning Nigerian actress with over 50 credits in Nollywood (Nigerian) movies.
 She is a star on Nigerian TV, a successful model, interior designer and beauty salon owner.
 Recently, she won the 2011 Afro Hollywood Best Actress (English) Award for her role in "Bursting Out", NAFCA Awards (Nollywood and African Film Critics Awards) North Carolina Nigerian Oscars: Best Actress in Supporting Role 2011 the BON (Best Of Nollywood) Best Supporting Actress Award 2011, and the Actress of the Year 2010 and Most Stylish Actress 2012 Awards from "City People Magazine".
 In 2011, she made the December cover of the creatively acclaimed, arts and culture magazine, "Zen".
 Said "Zen Magazine" editor, Arinze Nwokolo, "Susan Peters is a remarkable and an incredible talent in the movie industry!
 Her dedication to her art is unmistakable..."
Nollywood Movies (or "Nollywood" as it appears on the EPG) is a subscription movie television channel, broadcast in the United Kingdom on the Sky and Virgin media platforms.
 Each month the channel offers over 30 different new and recently released Nigerian movies, 24-hours-a-day.
 It is the first such channel in operation in the UK.
 Films offered are primarily in English, with some subtitled, in genres including drama, comedy, romance, family, thriller, traditional, fantasy and true story films.
 The channel is funded through subscription and advertising.
Chiwetalu Agu (born 1956) is a veteran Nigerian actor, comedian and movie producer who won the 2012 Nollywood award for 'best actor in indigenous movie (non-English speaking language)'.
 His usage of specific language slang, phrases or clichés in each film has made him uniquely a household name in Nigeria and among Nollywood admirers abroad.
 While asserting that comic genres is a unique vehicle in projecting Nigerian culture globally as well as establishing the Nollywood brand, Agu is listed as one of the outstanding comedians who have contributed to the development of Nollywood comic genres by Prof. Femi Shaka of the University of Port Harcourt.
The 1st Africa Movie Academy Awards ceremony was held on May 30, 2005 at the Gloryland Cultural Center in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, Nigeria, to honor the best African films of 2004.
 The ceremony was broadcast live on Nigerian national television.
 Nollywood actress Stella Damasus-Aboderin and Nollywood actor Segun Arinze hosted the ceremony.
"Trybe Movie Channel" is a 24 hours Nollywood movie channel owned by CMA Group.
 On November 25, 2015, Trybe TV was launched as a movie channel with Nollywood, Ghollywood and Yoruba speaking movies interposed with original lifestyle programming available in Nigeria on DSTV and GOtv.
This Is Nollywood is a 2007 Nigerian documentary film by Franco Sacchi and Robert Caputo, detailing the Nigerian film industry, much along the same lines as the acclaimed 2007 documentary "Welcome to Nollywood" by Jamie Meltzer
Nollywood's highest paid actors, Osita Iheme (A-boy) and Chinedu Ikedieze (Bobo) are two young boys whose father has been murdered by their uncle.
 In a selfish move, Amaechi Muonagor wants them to work as house boys in their father's own house.
 A-boy and Bobo have other plans.
 The film features performances by Aki na Pawpaw and can be dubbed as Nollywood's "Home Alone".
The 3rd Africa Movie Academy Awards ceremony was held on March 10, 2007 at the Gloryland Cultural Center in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, Nigeria, to honor the best African films of 2006.
 The ceremony was broadcast live on Nigerian national television.
 Numerous African & international celebrities and top Nigerian politicians attended the event, including Nigerian musician Tuface Idibia and Ghanaian hiplife band VIP.
 Nollywood actor Richard Mofe-Damijo and South African actress Thami Ngubeni hosted the ceremony.
 Special guests of honor were Academy Award winners Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Mo'Nique.
 Nollywood's favourite acting duo Osita Iheme and Chinedu Ikedieze received the "Lifetime Achievement Award".
Shan George is a Nollywood actress, singer, film producer and director.
 Prior to debuting in the movie "Thorns of Rose", she had previously featured in a 1997 soap opera titled "Winds of Destiny".
 She is best known for her role in the movies "Outkast" and "Welcome to Nollywood".
