Sex & Sensibility is an RTÉ television series focusing on changing attitudes to sex in Ireland.
 The four-part series was presented by Simon Delaney.
 Directed by Imogen Murphy, it was filmed on location in Dublin in April and May 2008 and aired in June and July of that year.
Doctor Who: The Commentaries is a radio documentary series focusing on the long-running British television series "Doctor Who".
 "Doctor Who: The Commentaries" aired on BBC 7 at 6.30 pm on Sundays with a repeat at 12.30 am on Monday mornings.
 It could be listened to after transmission via the BBC 7 website and via the BBC iPlayer.
 "Doctor Who: The Commentaries" aired as part of BBC 7's 7th Dimension strand.
 Extended versions of each episode were available as podcasts, although music is removed from these.
Banana is a 2015 British television series created by Russell T Davies and aired on E4.
 The sister series to Channel 4's "Cucumber" and the 4oD documentary series "Tofu", "Banana" is a series focusing on LGBT youth in Manchester, on the vicinity of the "Cucumber" narrative.
 Unlike "Cucumber", which is a self-contained serial following the story of one gay man, "Banana" is an anthology series focusing on the wider LGBT spectrum.
 The series was nominated for the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding TV Movie or Limited Series.
City Central was a British television police procedural drama series, created by Tony Jordan, that was broadcast on BBC One between 4 April 1998 and 19 June 2000.
 "City Central" follows the everyday public and private lives of the detectives, policemen and policewomen who work at the inner-city Christmas Street police station in Manchester.
 Although heavily focusing on the uniform relief working at the station, the series featured a small number of CID officers, a factor which was later reduced in the third and final series, after creator Tony Jordan noted that "The Bill" had started focusing more on the storylines featuring their CID detectives rather than focusing on the everyday officer on the beat.
Goalmouth is a British television series focusing on football.
 The series made its debut on 12 May 2011 on Disney XD in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 It is the first original series produced by Disney XD.
 On 23 January 2012, a second series was ordered by Disney XD.
 The third series was announced on 13 February 2013.
 On 27 March 2014, Disney UK commissioned a fourth season.
Tofu is a 2015 British online documentary series created by Russell T Davies and presented by journalist and YouTube host Benjamin Cook, available on 4oD, Channel 4's video-on-demand service.
 The sister series to Channel 4's "Cucumber" and E4's "Banana", "Tofu" is a documentary series that focuses on a range of sex attitudes in the twenty-first century from the viewpoint of everyday people.
 Like "Cucumber" and "Banana", the name of the series refers to the same urological scale of hardness of the male erection which starts at "tofu", goes through "peeled banana" and ends at "cucumber" from a European study that inspired Davies.
The Chris Isaak Show is a television sitcom which follows a fictionalized version of the life of American rock musician Chris Isaak.
 The show portrays Isaak and his band members as everyday people with everyday problems.
 The series was produced for the Showtime channel from 2001–2004, and was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, which stands in for the show's home setting of San Francisco.
Paranormal Witness is an American paranormal documentary television series made by a British production company described as featuring eyewitness accounts from everyday people who claim to have experienced paranormal activity.
 The series premiered on September 7, 2011, on Syfy.
 It is also shown on Really and Watch in the United Kingdom.
Desperately Seeking Something is a British television series first broadcast on 6 November 1995, presented by travel writer and presenter Pete McCarthy.
 In it, McCarthy looked at various spiritual practices from across the globe, looking at both long standing traditional beliefs as well as 'alternate' religions which began to flourish in the 1990s.
 He met a variety of practitioners and participated in their rituals.
 It ran for three series, with the first two series focusing on practitioners located in the British Isles.
 The second season looked more at Christian and Pagan sects, including the Fellowship of Isis and the Golden Dawn.
 The third series saw him looking at world traditional beliefs like Australian Aboriginal beliefs and Hawaiian religion.
Deck Wars is a 2011 Canadian television series, airing on HGTV.
 It is considered a sister series to "Decked Out", and like "Decked Out", stars Paul Lafrance and his deck building crew.
 Unlike its sister series, "Deck Wars" is a game show that pits two teams of contestants against each other in building a deck in two days with a common theme.
