Evelyn "Bobbi" Trout (January 7, 1906–January 24, 2003) was an early American aviator, notable for her pioneering flying activities.
 Trout began her aviation career at the age of 16; however, her first solo flight and solo certificate was only given on April 30, 1928.
 In the spring of 1928, Trout’s mother bought her an International K-6 biplane.
 Trout received her pilot's identification card from the United States Department of Commerce on September 1, 1928.
 She was the second woman to break the non-refueling endurance record for women when she flew 12 hours straight from California in 1929.
 The record was previously held by Viola Gentry and was the first record where Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) rules of the endurance record were revised stating that endurance records had to be broken by a full hour.
 Trout also participated in the Women's Air Derby of 1929, which was dubbed the Powder Puff Derby.
 In 2001, she was recognized as the only living participant in the first Women's Air Derby of 1929.
 Evelyn got her nickname “Bobbi” when she copied the hairstyle of 1928 actress Irene Castle which was a short “Bob” haircut.
Freya Hoffmeister (born May 10, 1964) is a German business owner and athlete who holds several sea kayaking endurance records.
 In 2009 she completed a circumnavigation of Australia solo and unassisted, becoming the first woman and only the second person to do so.
 On May 3, 2015, she became the first person to solo circumnavigate the continent of South America.
Tarka Michel Bernard L'Herpiniere, born 19 September 1981, is a British explorer, ultra endurance athlete, motivational speaker and filmmaker who holds several endurance records.
Roy Koerner MBE was a Polar explorer who participated in what the then Prime Minister, Harold Wilson described as "a feat of endurance and courage which ranks with any in polar history", and Prince Philip feels "ranks among the greatest triumphs of human skill and endurance".
Rosie Stancer née Clayton (born 1960) is a British explorer and polar adventurer who, since 1996, has embarked on major polar expeditions of increasing severity and commitment.
Magnifique is the fifth studio album by Ratatat, released on July 17, 2015.
 Ratatat began touring in early 2015 with limited stops in the midwestern US and the Coachella music festival where new songs were debuted.
 On April 12, 2015, the band released "Cream on Chrome", the first single from the album.
 On June 16, 2015, "Abrasive" was released as the second single.
 The album features a cover of the 1971 Springwater single "I Will Return" and cover artwork collage sketches by Evan Mast and Mike Stroud.
Sir Ranulph Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes, 3rd Baronet, OBE (born 7 March 1944), commonly known as Ranulph "Ran" Fiennes ( ), is a British explorer and holder of several endurance records.
 He is also a prolific writer and poet.
Ratatat Remixes Vol.
 1 is a self-released remix album by the Brooklyn indie electronic rock duo Ratatat.
 It includes performances from hip-hop artists Missy Elliott, Kanye West, Raekwon and Ghostface Killah.
 In an interview with "Glide Magazine", Ratatat member Mike Stroud acknowledged both the marked departure from their instrumental first album "Ratatat" and perceived dichotomous nature of their sound by saying "Especially with remixes, we approach it a bit differently than our other music.
 It’s something we originally did for fun, that’s now part of what we are."
Mercedes Gleitze or Mercedes Carey (18 November 1900 – 9 February 1981) was a British professional swimmer.
 She was the first person to swim the Straits of Gibraltar and the first British woman to swim the English channel.
 The name of Mercedes Gleitze was used to market Rolex's new diving watch, "Oyster".
 She established endurance records for swimming including a record of 46 hours in 1932.
 She was able to raise funds to found the Mercedes Gleitze Homes in Leicester via sponsorship.
 The Mercedes Gleitze charity is still operating as of 2015.
Ratatat ( ) is a Brooklyn-based electronic rock duo consisting of Mike Stroud (guitar, melodica, synthesizers, percussion) and producer Evan Mast (bass, synthesizers, percussion).
