The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) (German: "Karlsruher Institut für Technologie" ) is a public research university and one of the largest research and education institutions in Germany.
 KIT was created in 2009 when the University of Karlsruhe ("Universität Karlsruhe"), founded in 1825 as public research university and also known as "Fridericiana", merged with the Karlsruhe Research Center Forschungszentrum Karlsruhe, which was originally established as a national nuclear research center (Kernforschungszentrum Karlsruhe, or KfK) in 1956.
The University of Hagen (German: "FernUniversität in Hagen" , informally often referred to as FU Hagen) is a public research university that is primarily focused on distance teaching.
 While its main campus is located in Hagen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, the university maintains more than 50 study and research centers in Germany and throughout Europe.
 According to the Federal Statistical Office of Germany it is Germany's largest university.
 The university was founded in 1974 as a public research university by the state Nordrhein-Westfalen and began its research and teaching activities in 1975.
 It was founded following the idea of UK's Open University to provide higher and continuing education opportunities through a distance education system in Germany.
Miami University (also referred to as Miami of Ohio or simply Miami) is a public research university located on a 2,138-acre campus in Oxford, Ohio, 35 miles north of Cincinnati.
 Founded in 1809, although classes were not held until 1824, Miami University is the 10th oldest public university and 32nd oldest higher education institution in the United States.
 The university also has regional campuses in Hamilton, Middletown and West Chester, as well as the Dolibois European Center in Luxembourg.
 Miami University is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a research university with a high research activity.
 It is affiliated to the University System of Ohio.
Louaize Club is the basketball department of Notre Dame University – Louaize , a university basketball club basked in Zouk Mosbeh.
 The club was established in the founding year of 1978 and is currently participating in the 2016 Lebanese Basketball League.
Christine L. Borgman is Distinguished Professor and Presidential Chair in Information Studies at UCLA.
 She is the author of more than 200 publications in the fields of information studies, computer science, and communication.
 Both of her sole-authored monographs, Scholarship in the Digital Age: Information, Infrastructure, and the Internet (MIT Press, 2007) and From Gutenberg to the Global Information Infrastructure: Access to Information in a Networked World (MIT Press, 2000), have won the Best Information Science Book of the Year award from the American Society for Information Science and Technology.
 She is a lead investigator for the Center for Embedded Networked Sensing (CENS), a National Science Foundation Science and Technology Center, where she conducts data practices research.
 She chaired the Task Force on Cyberlearning for the NSF, whose report, Fostering Learning in the Networked World, was released in July, 2008.
 Prof. Borgman is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), a Legacy Laureate of the University of Pittsburgh, and is the 2011 recipient of the Paul Evan Peters Award from the Coalition for Networked Information, Association for Research Libraries, and EDUCAUSE.
 The award recognizes notable, lasting achievements in the creation and innovative use of information resources and services that advance scholarship and intellectual productivity through communication networks.
 She is also the 2011 recipient of the Research in Information Science Award from the American Association of Information Science and Technology.
 In 2013 she became a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
Professor Erik Borgman (born 1957, Amsterdam) (sometimes listed as Eric Borgman) is a Dutch professor of systematic theology at the University of Tilburg, the Netherlands.
 At the Radboud University Nijmegen, the Netherlands, he was the Director of the Heyendaal Institute, an institute for interdisciplinary research.
 He is the biographer of the Flemish theologian Edward Schillebeeckx.
 He was also the President of the International Society for Religion, Literature and Culture.
 He is a member of the Editorial Board and the Presidential Board of "Concilium: International Journal for Theology", also an editor of the Dutch "Tijdschrift voor Theologie" and member of the Third Order of Saint Dominic.
Muscular Dystrophy Canada (MDC) (French: Dystrophie musculaire Canada ) is a non-profit organization that strives to find a cure for neuromuscular disorders.
 Founded in 1954 as Muscular Dystrophy Association of Canada, volunteers and staff nationwide have helped to provide support and resources to those affected.
 Since the founding year, over $64 million has been put towards research via collaborations, fundraising events, and donations.
Karaj Payam Noor University is located in Karaj, Iran, and has two campuses.
 The main campus is located in Gohardasht, and another campus is located on Ghalamestan Street.
 The university was founded in 2000-01.
 In the school's founding year, 70 students were admitted for their BS in accounting.
 The university now offers 52 courses at BS, BA, BE, MS, and MBA levels and has over 15,000 students.
Florida International University (FIU) is an American metropolitan public research university in Greater Miami, Florida, United States.
 FIU has two major campuses in Miami-Dade County, with its main campus in University Park.
 Florida International University is classified as a research university with highest research activity by the Carnegie Foundation and a research university by the Florida Legislature.
Jan Borgman (born 30 November 1929) is a Dutch astronomer and university administrator.
 He was professor of astronomical observation technique at the University of Groningen from 1968 to 1988.
 During this period he served as rector magnificus from 1978 to 1981 and chair of the board of governors from 1981 to 1988.
 Borgman subsequently became chairperson of the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research.
