The Canadian is an extant 1926 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 It is based on a 1913 Broadway play, "The Land of Promise", by W. Somerset Maugham.
 The film was directed by William Beaudine and starred Thomas Meighan.
 Meighan had costarred with Billie Burke in a 1917 silent film based on the same story, "The Land of Promise".
 In both films he plays the same part.
 This film is preserved in the Library of Congress.
Through a Glass Window is a 1922 American drama silent film directed by Maurice Campbell and written by Olga Printzlau.
 The film stars May McAvoy, Fanny Midgley, Burwell Hamrick, Raymond McKee, F. A. Turner and Carrie Clark Ward.
 The film was released on April 2, 1922, by Paramount Pictures.
The Yankee Girl is a 1915 silent film comedy produced by Oliver Morosco, distributed by Paramount Pictures and starring Blanche Ring, from the Broadway stage.
 This film though a comedy is actually based on Ring's 1910 musical-comedy play of the same name.
 Being a silent film of course Ring's singing could not be heard by the film audiences but they would get the rare chance of seeing this Broadway star in a film as many could not afford to make the journey to New York to see her in person in the play.
Paramount Pictures Corporation (also known simply as Paramount) is an American film studio based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
 Paramount is the fifth oldest surviving film studio in the world, the second oldest in the United States, and the sole member of the "Big Six" film studios still located in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Hollywood.
 In 1916, film producer Adolph Zukor contracted 22 actors and actresses and honored each with a star on the logo.
 These fortunate few would become the first "movie stars."
 In 2014, Paramount Pictures became the first major Hollywood studio to distribute all of its films in digital form only.
Viacom Productions was a television production arm of Viacom International.
 The division was active from 1974 until 2004, when the company was folded into Paramount Network Television 10 years following Viacom's acquisition of Paramount Pictures.
Public Opinion is a surviving 1916 silent film murder/drama produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 It was directed by Frank Reicher and starred Blanche Sweet.
 Margaret Turnbull provided the original screen story and scenario.
 "Public Opinion" is one of very few of Blanche Sweet's Paramount Pictures films still in existence.
 It is preserved by the Library of Congress.
The Bedroom Window is a 1924 mystery or who-dunnit silent film directed by William C. deMille and starring May McAvoy.
 It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures.
Howard G Minsky (21 January 1914 – 10 August 2008) was an American film producer, studio executive and former talent manager,who start ed his career during thE silent film era, selling film reel door-to-door.
 After working for both 20th Century Fox and Paramount Pictures, he worked for a talent agency.He was best known as the producer of the blockbuster film "Love Story" that, when released in 1970, was widely thought to have saved Paramount Pictures during a financially strained time.
 He later produced "Jory" in 1973.
Contraband is a lost 1925 silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 Alan Crosland directed and Lois Wilson stars.
 The film is taken from a novel, "Contraband", by Charles Buddington Kelland.
 The last film directed by Alan Crosland the cooperation with distributor Paramount Pictures.
Dancing Mothers is a 1926 black & white silent film drama, produced by Paramount Pictures, in late 1925.
 The film was directed by Herbert Brenon, and stars Alice Joyce, Conway Tearle, and making her debut appearance for a Paramount Pictures film, Clara Bow.
 Dancing Mothers was released to the general public on March 1, 1926.
 The film survives on 16mm film stock and is currently kept at the Film & Television Archive of the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA).
