The I-400"-class submarine (伊四百型潜水艦 , I-yon-hyaku-gata sensuikan ) Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) submarines were the largest submarines of World War II and remained the largest ever built until the construction of nuclear ballistic missile submarines in the 1960s.
 The IJN called this type of submarine Sentoku" type submarine (潜特型潜水艦 , Sen-Toku-gata sensuikan, "Submarine Special" ) .
 The type name was shortened to Toku-gata Sensuikan (特型潜水艦 , Special Type Submarine ) .
 They were submarine aircraft carriers able to carry three Aichi M6A "Seiran" aircraft underwater to their destinations.
 They were designed to surface, launch their planes, then quickly dive again before they were discovered.
 They also carried torpedoes for close-range combat.
 They are considered the strategic predecessors to today’s ballistic submarines, especially to the Regulus missile program begun about a decade after World War II.
The I-201"-class submarines (伊二百一型潜水艦 , I-ni-hyaku-ichi-gata sensuikan ) were submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
 These submarines were of advanced design, built for high underwater speed, and were known as Sentaka-Dai type submarine (潜高大型潜水艦 , Sen-Taka-Dai-gata sensuikan, "Submarine High speed-Large type" ) or Sentaka type submarine" (潜高型潜水艦 , "Sen-Taka-gata sensuikan", "Submarine High speed type" ) .
 The type name, was shortened to Suichū Kōsoku Sensuikan Ō-gata (水中高速潜水艦大型 , Underwater High speed Submarine Large type ) .
The Type 039A submarine (NATO reporting name: Yuan-class) is a class of diesel-electric submarine in China's People's Liberation Army Navy.
 It is China's first AIP powered submarine and presumed to be one of the quietest diesel-electric submarine classes in service.
 This class is the successor of the Type 039 submarine.
 The official Chinese designation is 039A as the ship is based on the 039 class, but as the 039A has very little resemblance to the 039 it is commonly referred to as the Type 041.
 The class is designed to replace the aging Type 033 "Romeo" and the older Type 035 submarines that previously formed the backbone of the conventional submarine force.
The German Type IXB submarine was a sub-class of the German Type IX submarine built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" between 1938 and 1940.
 The U-boats themselves were designed to be fairly large ocean-going submarines.
 The inspiration for the Type IXB submarine came from the earlier original Type IX submarine, the Type IXA submarine.
 The design of the IXA was developed to give an increased range, a change which resulted in a slightly heavier overall tonnage.
 This design was improved even further in the later Type IXC submarines.
The Ha-201"-class submarine (波二百一型潜水艦 , Ha-ni-hyaku-ichi-gata sensuikan ) were a class of small submarines designed for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN).
 They were first deployed in 1945, but never saw combat.
 The Ha-201's were designed from the outset to have high under water speed and were based on the earlier Submarine No.71 prototype.
 The official designation of the submarine was Sentaka-Shō" type submarine (潜高小型潜水艦 , Sen-Taka-Ko-gata sensuikan, "Submarine High speed-Small type" ) .
 The type name, was shortened to Suichū Kōsoku Sensuikan Ko-gata (水中高速潜水艦小型 , Underwater High speed Submarine Small type ) .
Air-independent propulsion (AIP) is any marine propulsion technology that allows a non-nuclear submarine to operate without access to atmospheric oxygen (by surfacing or using a snorkel).
 AIP can augment or replace the diesel-electric propulsion system of non-nuclear vessels.
German submarine "U-32" was a Type VIIA U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
SM "U-32 or U-XXXII" was a "U-27" class U-boat or submarine for the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
 "U-32", built by the Hungarian firm of Ganz Danubius at Fiume, was launched in May 1917 and commissioned in June.
The Ro-100"-class submarine (呂百型潜水艦 , Ro-hyaku-gata Sensuikan ) was a group of medium-sized coastal submarines built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during World War II.
 The IJN official designation for this class was Ko Type" submarine (小型潜水艦 , Ko-gata sensuikan, "Small Type Submarine" ) or Senshō Type submarine (潜小型潜水艦 , Sen-Shō-gata sensuikan, "Submarine-Small Type" ) .
 The type name, was shortened to Sensuikan Ko-gata (潜水艦小型 , Submarine-Small Type ) .
"U-32" (S182) is the second Type 212A submarine of the German Navy.
