Thessaloniki Bus Station, also known as the Macedonia InterCity Bus Terminal, is the main bus station of Thessaloniki, Greece and the largest bus terminal in Greece.
 It is located in the west part of the city.
 Construction began in October 1996 and it was opened to the public in September 2002.
 It serves about 20 to 25 thousand passengers and 800 coaches departures per day to various cities all over Greece, as well as some routes to Albania, Bulgaria and Germany.
 It is connected with the rest of the city via OASTH, which operates about 120 buses per hour.
 The company, which operates the buses and owns the station is named KTEL.
 This terminal is serves 41 KTEL (the bus companies in Greece for each province) routes, as well as some other bus lines internationally.
APM Terminals is an international container terminal operating company headquartered in The Hague, Netherlands.
 It is one of the world's largest port and terminal operators as well as providing cargo support and container Inland Services, and is the largest port and terminal operating company in terms of overall geographic scope.
 It operates 76 port and terminal facilities in 41 countries on five continents, with five new port projects in development, as well as 103 Inland Services operations providing container transportation, management, maintenance and repair in 38 countries, for an overall global presence of 59 countries.
Lake Charles LNG (former name: Trunkline LNG) is a liquefied natural gas import terminal in Lake Charles, Louisiana, United States.
 It is owned by the subsidiary of Energy Transfer Equity.
 Together with Royal Dutch Shell there is a plan to build a 15 million tons per year liquefaction plant to the terminal to allow LNG export.
 However, the investment decision is delayed.
Hunterston Terminal, in North Ayrshire, Scotland, is a coal-handling port located at Fairlie on the Firth of Clyde, and operated by The Peel Group.
 It lies south of Fairlie, adjacent to Hunterston estate, site of Hunterston Castle, and its jetty projects out approximately 1 mi , about midway into the channel between the mainland and the island of Great Cumbrae.
The MBTA Commuter Rail Maintenance Facility (signed as, and often known by, its former name of Boston Engine Terminal) is the primary train maintenance repair facility for the MBTA Commuter Rail system.
 It is located in the Inner Belt area of Somerville, Massachusetts, near North Station in Boston.
 The present Commuter Rail Maintenance Facility was built in 1995, replacing the Boston Engine Terminal which was built by the former Boston and Maine Railroad.
The Tietê Bus Terminal (Portuguese: Terminal Rodoviário Tietê ) is the largest bus terminal in Latin America, and the second largest in the world, after the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York City.
 The terminal is located in the Santana district in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.
 The official name in Portuguese is "Terminal Rodoviário Governador Carvalho Pinto", named after Carlos Alberto Alves de Carvalho Pinto, a former Governor of the State of São Paulo.
Aldouane is an unincorporated community in the Canadian province of New Brunswick; a Local Service District to the east takes its name from the Aldouane River, a former name of the Rivière Saint-Charles, and Aldouane Lake, a former name of Northwest Branch.
Jadranska vrata (Adriatic Gate Container Terminal) is a Croatian port operating company which operates port facilities at the largest Croatian Port of Rijeka.
 Jadranska vrata d.d. company was founded as a Luka Rijeka d.d. subsidiary, and tasked with operating the container cargo terminal located in the Brajdica district of Rijeka.
 As of August 2011, the International Container Terminal Services Inc. (ICTSI) acquired 51% share in the company becoming a strategic partner, and the company is since also prominent under its English name—Adriatic Gate Container Terminal.
 Jadranska vrata d.d. has acquired a separate concession to operate the container terminal in the Port of Rijeka until 2041.
Gazprom Transgaz Belarus (former name: Beltransgaz) is a natural gas infrastructure and transportation company of Belarus.
 It operates the main natural gas transit pipelines through Belarus—Northern Lights and Yamal–Europe.
 Beltransgaz was founded in 1992 on the bases of Zapadtransgaz, a company responsible for the gas transit through Belarus.
 The company is owned by the Russian gas company Gazprom.
Carbon Energy Limited (former name: Metex Resources Limited) is an Australian global energy technology provider and services company with expertise in unconventional syngas extraction utilising its proprietary Underground Coal Gasification (UCG) technology.
 It operates an underground coal gasification pilot plant at Bloodwood Creek, Queensland, Australia.
 In 2009, Carbon Energy signed an agreement with the Chilean company Antofagasta Minerals to develop an underground coal gasification project in Mulpún, Chile.
 The Company is headquartered in Brisbane, Australia, is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) as CNX and is quoted on the OTCQX International Exchange as CNXAY in the United States.
