James "Jimmy the Lapper" LaPietra (1927–1993) was a Chicago mobster and member of Chicago Outfit.
 He was also the younger brother of mobster Angelo "the Hook" LaPietra.
John DiFronzo (born December 13, 1928), known as John "No Nose" DiFronzo is an American mobster and the reputed current boss of the Chicago Outfit.
Chicago Outfit Roller Derby (commonly referred to as The Outfit) is a women's flat-track roller derby league based in Chicago, Illinois.
 Founded in 2007, the Chicago Outfit is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).
Joseph Patrick “Joey the Clown” Lombardo Sr. (born Giuseppe Lombardi; January 1, 1929), also known as "Joe Padula," "Lumbo," and "Lumpy", is an imprisoned American mafioso and a high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit crime organization.
 He was alleged to be the Consigliere of the Outfit.
The Genna crime family, was a Prohibition era crime family in Chicago.
 From 1921 to 1925, the family was headed by the six Genna brothers, known as the "Terrible Gennas".
 These brothers were Sicilians from the town of Marsala and operated from Chicago's Little Italy and maintained control over the Unione Siciliana.
 They were allies with fellow Italian gang the Chicago Outfit.
 After a bloody war led to their demise in the 1920s, the gang was eventually absorbed by the Chicago Outfit.
Joseph Paul Glimco (January 14, 1909 – April 28, 1991) was an Italian American labor leader and well-known organized crime figure based in Chicago, Illinois.
 He was considered "Chicago's top labor racketeer" in the 1950s.
 One high-ranking Chicago Teamsters leader noted in 1954, "He is the mob.
 When he opens his mouth, it's the syndicate talking."
 Glimco was active in the International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT) and a close associate of Teamsters president Jimmy Hoffa.
 He was a capo in the Chicago Outfit, an organized crime syndicate, and oversaw the syndicate's labor racketeering efforts.
 He worked closely with Tony "Joe Batters" Accardo, who led the Chicago Outfit from 1943 to 1957, and Sam "Momo" Giancana, who led the syndicate from 1957 to 1966.
 A United States Senate committee once claimed that Glimco ran "the nation's most corrupt union."
James J. Marcello (born December 13, 1943), also known variously as Little Jimmy, Jimmy Light and as Jimmy the Man Marcello, is an imprisoned crime boss who was a front boss for the Chicago Outfit criminal organization in the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s.
 Organized crime observers identified Marcello as a figurehead during that period while the organization's day-to-day operations actually were run by John “No Nose” DiFronzo, Joseph “Joey the Clown” Lombardo, Joseph “Joe the Builder” Andriacchi and Angelo J. LaPietra.
 Marcello is the Cousin of Michael Hayes Marcello, and a cousin of Robert Urbinatti.
 He is also the father of Rocco Marcello.
Peter DiFronzo (May 13, 1933) is the brother of John DiFronzo (reputed to be the leader of the Chicago Outfit) and supposedly a made man.
 and Joseph and John DiFronzo.
 He is a habituate of Gene's Deli located at 2202 North Harlem Avenue Elmwood, Illinois that is also frequented by his brother John DiFronzo Sr.
 He stands at 5'8 and weighs 185 pounds.
 In 1965 he was arrested for interstate stolen property and served ten years in prison.
 He was featured in William F. Roemer Jr's ""War of the Godfathers: The Bloody Confrontation Between the Chicago and New York Families for Control of Las Vegas"" in 1990.
 His wife, Josephine, is part owner of D&P Trucking, located in Chicago, Illinois, though authorities believe it is Peter and his brothers Joe and John that actually run the enterprise.
 Peter is also supposedly active in some of the Outfit's racketeering schemes.
Angelo J. "The Hook" LaPietra (1920–1999) was a Chicago mobster and member of the Chicago Outfit, involved in extensive loansharking operations in the city's First Ward during the 1970s and 1980s.
 He earned his nickname "The Hook" due to the way he murdered his victims—those that did not, or could not pay up.
 He would take his victim—bound and gagged—and hang him on a meat hook, (piercing the victim's rib cage with the meat hook) and then torture him to death with a blow-torch.
 The torch would not actually be the cause of death.
 The victims most often died from suffocation.
Joseph "The Builder" Andriacchi (born October 20, 1932) has been reported by Chicago newspapers to be a high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit criminal organization.
