This is a list of productions based on The Muppets characters and franchise, including films, television series and specials, and other media.
 The franchise's main work is "The Muppet Show", a syndicated television series which ran from 1976 to 1981.
 The franchise includes eight feature films; "The Muppet Movie", "The Great Muppet Caper", "The Muppets Take Manhattan", "The Muppet Christmas Carol", "Muppet Treasure Island", "Muppets from Space", "The Muppets", and "Muppets Most Wanted".
 The franchise also includes other series such as "Muppets Tonight" and "The Muppets".
Treasure Island is a 1950 live action adventure film produced by Walt Disney Productions, adapted from the Robert Louis Stevenson's 1883 novel "Treasure Island".
 It stars Bobby Driscoll as Jim Hawkins and Robert Newton as Long John Silver.
 "Treasure Island" is notable for being Disney's first completely live-action film and the first screen version of "Treasure Island" made in color.
 It was filmed in England on location and at Denham Film Studios, Buckinghamshire.
The Treasure Island Development is a 405 acre major redevelopment project under construction on Treasure Island and parts of Yerba Buena Island in San Francisco Bay between San Francisco and Oakland, within San Francisco city limits.
 The Treasure Island Development Authority (TIDA) is a nonprofit organization formed to oversee the economic development of the former naval station.
 Treasure Island's development was set to break ground during mid-2012.
 However, on April 12, 2013, The San Francisco Chronicle reported that the deal has collapsed, with the Chinese investors from China Development Bank and China Railway Construction Corporation withdrawing from the project.
 The Treasure Island Project is now being developed by a joint venture between Lennar Corporation and Kenwood Investments.
 The development is expected to cost US$ .
Muppet Treasure Island is a 1996 American musical adventure comedy film based on Robert Louis Stevenson's "Treasure Island".
 It is the fifth feature film to star The Muppets, and was directed by Brian Henson.
Rinku Singh (born August 8, 1988 in Lucknow, India) is a left-handed baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent.
 Singh was signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates organization after he won a pitching contest on a 2008 reality television show, "The Million Dollar Arm".
 He was the first Indian to play professional baseball and has spent several seasons in the minor leagues, only reaching as high as the A level.
 He is the subject of the movie "Million Dollar Arm".
Sam Eagle is a Muppet character originating from the television show "The Muppet Show", where he was performed by Frank Oz.
 Sam has appeared in every Muppet film; as himself in "The Muppet Movie", "The Great Muppet Caper", "The Muppets Take Manhattan", "Muppets from Space", and "The Muppets", as well as the Head Schoolmaster in "The Muppet Christmas Carol," Samuel Arrow in "Muppet Treasure Island" and a CIA agent in "Muppets Most Wanted."
 He also appears in the television series, "The Muppets."
Treasure Island Causeway, part of County Road 150, is a series of three bridges (the outer ones fixed, the middle one a bascule drawbridge) crossing Boca Ciega Bay between Treasure Island and St. Petersburg in Pinellas County, Florida.
 The bridge is owned and maintained by the City of Treasure Island, which used to charge all motorists $1.00 toll, until June, 2006, when the first span of the bridge was reopened with no toll booth.
 Residents of two St. Petersburg waterfront communities (Causeway Isles and Yacht Club Estates) used to pay a $10 annual road tax to the City of Treasure Island to help support road and median maintenance.
 That tax was eliminated in the spring of 2007.
 Treasure Island's ownership of the causeway in St. Petersburg was part of a land agreement entered into when these two cities were born: St. Petersburg's founding fathers purchased the Municipal Beach on the shores of the neighboring Gulf of Mexico community, Treasure Island, outside its own city limits to ensure that residents would have direct access to the Gulf of Mexico for generations to come.
"Million Dollar Quartet" is a recording of an impromptu jam session involving Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins, and Johnny Cash made on December 4, 1956, at the Sun Record Studios in Memphis, Tennessee.
 An article about the session was published in the "Memphis Press-Scimitar" under the title "Million Dollar Quartet".
 The recording was first released in Europe in 1981 as "The Million Dollar Quartet" with 17 tracks.
 A few years later more tracks were discovered and released as "The Complete Million Dollar Session".
 In 1990, the recordings were released in the United States as "Elvis Presley - The Million Dollar Quartet".
 This session is considered a seminal moment in rock and roll.
William Paul "Bill" Barretta (born June 19, 1964) is an American puppeteer and producer who has been performing with The Muppets since 1991, when he puppeteered the body of Sinclair family patriarch, Earl Sinclair on "Dinosaurs".
 He later developed several new characters on "Muppets Tonight", including Pepe the King Prawn, Johnny Fiama, Big Mean Carl and Bobo the Bear.
 Along with having his own Muppet characters, Barretta has taken over several of Jim Henson's roles, such as Dr. Teeth, Rowlf the Dog, Mahna Mahna and Swedish Chef, and briefly took over Jerry Nelson's role of Lew Zealand.
 His film debut as a principal puppeteer was in 1996's "Muppet Treasure Island" as Clueless Morgan.
 In addition, Barretta has produced two of the Muppets' television films, "It's a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie" (2002) and "The Muppets' Wizard of Oz" (2005).
 Barretta also provides additional voices on "Kim Possible".
 His most recent film performance was in Disney's "Muppets Most Wanted", where he also served as a co-producer.
 Barretta also served as an executive producer on the ABC series, "The Muppets".
Treasure Island Resort & Casino began as a bingo hall in 1984 called Island Bingo.
 This building started as a 30,000-square-foot space that seated 1,400 people.
 Through its time of success it began to grow further into Treasure Island after Congress passed the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988.
 This act required states to negotiate gaming compacts with the Tribe as a way to strengthen tribal governments and improve the quality of life on reservations.
 This act contributed to much tribal success for Prairie Island Indian Community in addition to the entire state of Minnesota.
 Shortly after this in 1989, Prairie Island Indian Community signed a compact with the State of Minnesota which allowed it to expand its gaming operation.
 In 1991, the 30,000-square-foot building was expanded with a 25,000-square-foot addition that created room for additional games.
 Not long after this in 1992, the casino was expanded by an additional 25,000 square feet.
 Growth in the Prairie Island Indian Community was shown through this with the opening of a community center, health care facility as well as improvement to tribal water and sewer systems.
 In 1993, a 78,000-square-foot expansion was added which created three new restaurants, valet parking, state-of-the-art kitchen, a gift shop, players club, ballroom and a new entertainment area.
 In the following year, a 137-slip marina and 95-site RV park would open.
 Growth continued as 9,854-square-foot addition for business offices is established in 1995.
 In 1996, Treasure Island made a big step with a $20 million addition and redesign.
 A strategic marketing shift changed the name to Treasure Island Resort & Casino with the addition of new theming and a 250-room hotel transformed Treasure Island into a destination resort.
 The total square footage has 350,000 with 25,000 square feet designed for meeting space.
 In 2001, an additional 200,000 feet were added to the casino, which included a new great entry, higher ceilings to improve air quality, additional games, 70,000-square-foot office space and 60,000-square-foot warehouse.
 An expansion that was completed in fall 2008 included 230 new hotel rooms, 30,000-square-foot event center and a bowling center complete with an arcade area.
 In 2015, Tado Steakhouse was constructed, Tradewinds Buffet was remodeled and the water park & spa construction began.
 The Lagoon and Wave Spa opened February 9, 2016.
