Calogero Lorenzo "Chazz" Palminteri (born May 15, 1952) is an American actor, screenwriter, and producer, best known for his Academy Award-nominated role for Best Supporting Actor in "Bullets over Broadway", the 1993 film "A Bronx Tale", based on his play of the same name, Special Agent David "Dave" Kujan in "The Usual Suspects", Primo Sidone in "Analyze This" and his recurring role as Shorty in "Modern Family".
 Also has a role in [Call of Duty, Black Ops 2] Zombie map Mob of the Dead as "Sal"
100 Films and a Funeral is both a memoir by Michael Kuhn and a 2007 documentary film adaptation by filmmaker Michael McNamara about the rise and fall of PolyGram Filmed Entertainment (PFE), the company that produced "Four Weddings and a Funeral", "The Usual Suspects", and "Trainspotting".
 Kuhn headed PFE from 1991 till 1999, when Philips sold it to the Seagram conglomerate.
 The selling of PFE also ended the prominent role of the company in the British film industry revival of the 1990s.
Kevin Spacey is an American actor, director and producer, who began acting on stage.
 After winning two Academy Awards for "The Usual Suspects" and "American Beauty".
 He stars in the Netflix television series "House of Cards".
Stephen Andrew Baldwin (born May 12, 1966) is an American actor, producer and author.
 He is known for appearing in films, including "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989), "Posse" (1993), "Threesome" (1994), "The Usual Suspects" (1995), "Bio-Dome" (1996) and "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas" (2000).
 He also starred in the television series "The Young Riders" (1989–92), and as himself in the reality shows "Celebrity Big Brother 7" (UK) and "Celebrity Apprentice".
 In 2004, he directed "Livin' It", a Christian-themed skateboarding DVD.
 He is the youngest of the Baldwin brothers and is a Christian evangelist.
TEN is a 2014 thriller/horror film directed by Sophia Cacciola and Michael J. Epstein.
 The film had its world premiere on March 30, 2014 at the Boston Underground Film Festival and features an all-female ensemble cast.
 Michael Gingold of Fangoria described TEN as, "up to something a little different, looking to subvert audience expectations...and while TEN contains the scenario’s requisite blood and nudity, it veers off in directions you likely won’t see coming, both in narrative terms and in the way it explores questions of female identity.”
 Lauren Shiro of Curve (magazine) wrote, “deeper still, the movie takes on a political and sociological stance, examining stereotypes, identity, and also the subtext and themes behind story lines.”
 Jed Gottlieb of the Boston Herald described TEN, “imagine Scream crossed with The Usual Suspects...The art comes with meticulously framed shots full of color, the enjoyment with puzzling out the crazy plot twists.”
The Empire Award for Best Newcomer (formerly known as Best Debut) was an Empire Award presented annually by the British film magazine "Empire" to honor a director with a breakthrough film or an actor who has delivered a breakthrough performance while working within the film industry.
 The Empire Award for Best Newcomer was first introduced at the 1st Empire Awards ceremony in 1996 with Bryan Singer receiving the award for his direction of "The Usual Suspects" and last presented at the 16th Empire Awards ceremony in 2011.
 Winners were voted by the readers of "Empire" magazine.
Bad Hat Harry Productions is an American film and television production company founded in 1994 by director Bryan Singer.
 It has produced such films as "The Usual Suspects" and the "X-Men" film series, as well as the television series "House".
 The name is a homage to Steven Spielberg and comes from a line uttered by Roy Scheider in the 1975 feature "Jaws".
 Martin Brody says to an elderly swimmer who teases him about not going in the water, "That's some bad hat, Harry" (a "bad hat" is a disreputable person or troublemaker).
 The logo, introduced in 1997, is taken from the police lineup scene of "The Usual Suspects".
Nels Jensen entered the music scene in 1998 with the Ska-punk band the Usual Suspects.
 After several years of performing and recording he decided to expand his knowledge to the other side of the glass.
 Nels entered Musician’s Institutes’ RIT program in 2004.
 Soon after, Nels was lucky enough to assist the great Orlando Rashid (Jamie Foxx, Ludacris, T.I.) who had just finished up Jamie Foxx's multi-platinum record Unpredictable.
 Through Orlando, Nels has been fortunate enough to have worked with such people as Jamie Foxx, Busta Rhymes and Ashanti.
 In 2006 Nels came to the attention of Grammy winning producer/engineer Jeff Peters of the Beach Boys, Brian Setzer Orchestra, and Goldspot fame.
 Nels has worked closely with Jeff as his Pro Tools operator ever since.
 Nels is Pro Tools certified and also teaches at Musicians Institute in Hollywood California.
 Nels has shown himself to be extremely versatile, creative, and hard working, his dedication and success are proof that we will be hearing much more from Nels Jensen in the years to come.
Pan-Européenne is a French film production and publishing company.
 Originally only distribution company, in 1992 it began also a production company, producing "Beau fixe".
 It has produced various films, including Jaco Van Dormael's "The Eighth Day" (1996) and "Mr. Nobody" (2009), Jérôme Salle's "Largo Winch" (2008), and distributed Bryan Singer's "The Usual Suspects" (1995), Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez's "Sin City" (2009).
Kevin Spacey Fowler, KBE (born July 26, 1959) is an American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, and singer.
 He began his career as a stage actor during the 1980s before obtaining supporting roles in film and television.
 He gained critical acclaim in the early 1990s that culminated in his first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the neo-noir crime thriller "The Usual Suspects" (1995), and an Academy Award for Best Actor for midlife crisis-themed drama "American Beauty" (1999).
