The Garibaldi Ranges are the next-to-southwesternmost subdivision of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains; only the North Shore Mountains are farther southwest.
 They lie between the valley formed by the pass between the Cheakamus River and Green River on the west (the location of the Resort Municipality of Whistler) and the valley of the Lillooet River on the east, and extend south into Maple Ridge, an eastern suburb of Vancouver, and the northern District of Mission.
 To their south are the North Shore Mountains overlooking Vancouver while to their southeast are the Douglas Ranges.
Rainbow Lodge was a small railway resort and was the first commercial fishing and weekend retreat cabin on Alta Lake, which is now part of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, British Columbia, and stood from 1914 to 1977.
 The lodge was a log cabin with peaked roof on the northwest verge of the lake by the railway line.
 Railways in North America were keen to capitalize on tourist traffic, hence the Canadian Pacific Railway created Banff National Park in the mountains, and Mont-Tremblant in Quebec; Canadian National built Jasper Park Lodge; UPRR built Sun Valley, Idaho; D & R G built Winter Park in Colorado; Milwaukee Road started Snoqualmie Pass near Seattle.
 Rainbow Lodge was among the first built along the Pacific Great Eastern line, which as of 1915 opened from Squamish to Clinton, British Columbia and was one of several along the line as far as Lillooet where Craig Lodge was.
Jumbo Glacier, also known as Jumbo, is a mountain resort municipality within the Regional District of East Kootenay in southeast British Columbia, Canada.
 It is approximately 55 km west of Invermere near the Commander Glacier and around the headwaters of Jumbo Creek in the Purcell Range of the Columbia Mountains.
Sun Peaks is a mountain resort municipality in British Columbia, Canada.
 It was incorporated on June 28, 2010.
 It is built around Sun Peaks Resort.
 It is located 55 kilometers northeast of Kamloops and 410 kilometers from Vancouver.
 The municipality has a resident population of 371 people, with an additional 900 non-resident property owners.
This is a list of Squamish villages.
 The Squamisn originally lived in the area around Howe Sound only, but were invited to Burrard Inlet by the Tsleil-waututh around 1800 to share that inlet after depopulation of the Tsleil-waututh by disease, resulting in overlapping territory with the Musqueam.
 The lowland and estuary of the Squamish River and other streams at the head of Howe Sound were their main domain before that; their territory and settlement reaches to Green Lake on the far side of today's Resort Municipality of Whistler, beyond which is the country of the Lil'wat.
 The islands of Howe Sound and the west coast of Howe Sound south to Gibsons are Squamish territory.
The Fitzsimmons Range is a small mountain range on the northwestern edge of the Garibaldi Ranges in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located between the valleys of Cheakamus Lake (SW) and Fitzsimmons Creek (NE).
 Its most famous summit is Whistler Mountain, which overlooks the resort town of Whistler and is one of the two mountains forming the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort.
 Most of the range is within Garibaldi Provincial Park, while its northeastern extremity is part of the resort municipality, and of the lands associated with the ski resort operation.
 Other summits in the range include Oboe Summit, Piccolo Summit and Flute Summit, which are hillocks along the ridge running southeast from Whistler Mountain and were named in association with the renaming of Whistler.
 Beyond them is Singing Pass and Mount Fitzsimmons 2603 m (8540 ft) which is at the opposite end of the range from Whistler Mountain and the location of Fitzsimmons Glacier, which is the source of Fitzsimmons Creek.
The Soo River is a tributary of the Green River in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada, joining that river just north of the Resort Municipality of Whistler.
 Approximately 35 km long, it begins on the south flank of the Pemberton Icefield.
 Its course is generally eastward from there to the Green River valley, although upon reaching that valley it runs north for about 3.5 km roughly parallel to the Green before joining it.
 For much of its course, known as the Soo Valley, it forms a serpentine marshland until reaching a short canyon before entering the valley of the Green River.
Resort Municipality, officially named the Resort Municipality of Stanley Bridge, Hope River, Bayview, Cavendish and North Rustico, is the lone municipality in Prince Edward Island, Canada that holds resort municipality status.
 It was established in 1990.
Whistler (Squamish language: Sḵwiḵw) is a Canadian resort town in the southern Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in the province of British Columbia, Canada, approximately 125 km north of Vancouver and 36 km south of the town of Pemberton.
 Incorporated as the Resort Municipality of Whistler (RMOW), it has a permanent population of approximately 9,965, plus a larger but rotating "transient" population of workers, typically younger people from beyond British Columbia, notably from Australia and Europe.
The Thompson-Nicola Regional District is a regional district in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 The Canada 2006 Census population was 122,286 and the area covers 45,279 square kilometres.
 The administrative offices are in the main population centre of Kamloops, which accounts for 75 percent of the regional district's population.
 The only other city is Merritt; other municipally-incorporated communities include the District Municipalities of Logan Lake, Barriere and Clearwater and the Villages of Chase, Ashcroft, Cache Creek, Clinton and Lytton, and also the Mountain Resort Municipality of Sun Peaks.
