Air Vice Marshal Kevin Short is a Royal New Zealand Air Force officer, currently serving as Vice Chief of Defence Force.
Marie Ismaël-Garcin (1858-1946), was a French opera singer who specialised in light soprano roles and sang leading roles in several French opera houses during the 1880s.
 She was married to the French baritone, Jean-Vital Jammes.
Amadis de Gaule, or Amadis des Gaules ("Amadis of Gaul"), is a French opera in three acts by the German composer Johann Christian Bach.
 The libretto is a revision by Alphonse de Vismes of "Amadis" by Philippe Quinault, originally set by Jean-Baptiste Lully in 1684, which in turn, was based on the knight-errantry romance "Amadis de Gaula" (1508).
 Bach's opera was first performed at the Académie Royale de Musique, Paris on 14 December 1779.
 It followed the contemporary French fashion for resetting libretti by Quinault ("Armide" by Gluck and "Roland" by Piccinni are other examples of this trend).
 The work was not a success with the Parisian public, mainly because it pleased neither the supporters of Gluck nor those of Piccinni, the two leading rival opera composers in France at the time.
 It was the last opera J. C. Bach composed.
Jérusalem is a grand opera in four acts by Giuseppe Verdi.
 The libretto was to be an adaptation and partial translation of the composer's original 1843 Italian opera, "I Lombardi alla prima crociata".
 It was the one opera which he regarded as the most suitable for being translated into French and, taking Eugène Scribe's advice, Verdi agreed that a French libretto was to be prepared by Alphonse Royer and Gustave Vaëz, who had written the libretto for Donizetti's most successful French opera, "La favorite".
 The opera received its premiere performance at the Salle Le Peletier in Paris on 26 November 1847.
 The maiden production was designed by Paul Lormier (costumes), Charles Séchan, Jules Diéterle and Édouard Desplechin (sets of Act I, Act II, scene 1, Act III scene 1, and Act IV), and Charles-Antoine Cambon and Joseph Thierry (sets for Act II, scene 2 and Act III, scene 2).
Kevin Short (born March 23, 1992) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent.
 He played college football at Fort Scott Community College.
 He transferred to the University of Kansas but withdrew before playing there.
The Triumph of Love (French: Le Triomphe de l'amour) is a three-act French comic play by Pierre de Marivaux.
 It was first performed by the Théâtre Italien in Paris on 12 March 1732.
Kevin Short is an American operatic bass-baritone.
 A graduate of Morgan State University, the Curtis Institute of Music, and the Juilliard School, he won the bass-baritone award for the Middle Atlantic region Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions in 1989.
 From 1991-1998 he appeared annually at the Metropolitan Opera, singing in a total of 129 performances.
 He notably created the role of Joseph in the world premiere of John Corigliano's "The Ghosts of Versailles" in 1991.
 Some of the other roles he has performed at the Met are Colline in "La Bohème", the Friar in "Don Carlos", Happy in "La fanciulla del West", the Jailer in "Dialogues of the Carmelites", Lackey in "Ariadne auf Naxos", Mandarin in "Turandot", Masetto in "Don Giovanni", Sciarrone in "Tosca", Pirro in "I Lombardi alla prima crociata", Yamadori in "Madama Butterfly", and Zaretsky in "Eugene Onegin".
 He also sang several roles with the New York City Opera during the 1980s and 1990s, including Nourabad in "The Pearl Fishers" and Raimondo in "Lucia di Lammermoor".
Renée Fleming (born February 14, 1959) is an American opera singer and soprano whose repertoire encompasses Richard Strauss, Mozart, Handel, bel canto, lieder, French opera and chansons, jazz and indie rock.
 Fleming has a full lyric soprano voice.
 She has performed coloratura, lyric, and lighter spinto soprano operatic roles in Italian, German, French, Czech, and Russian, aside from her native English.
 She also speaks fluent German and French, along with limited Italian.
 Her signature roles include Countess Almaviva in Mozart's "Le nozze di Figaro", Desdemona in Verdi's "Otello", Violetta in Verdi's "La traviata", the title role in Dvořák's "Rusalka", the title role in Massenet's "Manon", the title role in Massenet's "Thaïs", the title role in Richard Strauss's "Arabella", the Marschallin in "Der Rosenkavalier", and the Countess in "Capriccio".
Marie Antier (1687, Lyon – 1747, Paris), was a French opera singer (soprano).
 She was a student of Marthe Le Rochois and known for her roles in operas by Lully.
 She was a premier actress of the Academie de Musique (1720) and a court singer (1721).
 She played the leading roles of French opera from her debut in 1711 until her retirement in 1741.
In "Armida", Sacchini incorporated many elements of French opera, including frequent use of chorus, ballet, and theatrical spectacle on a grand scale.
 Sacchini later wrote two more operas loosely based on the same story from Tasso: the 1780 London work "Rinaldo", and his first French opera, "Renaud", which was dedicated to Marie Antoinette.
