Glencore plc (an acronym for Global Energy Commodity Resources) is an Anglo–Swiss multinational commodity trading and mining company with headquarters in Baar, Switzerland, and a registered office in Saint Helier, Jersey.
 The current company was created through a merger of Glencore with Xstrata on 2 May 2013.
 s of 2015 , it ranked tenth in the Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies.
 It is the world's third-largest family business.
Emilio Baglioni became culinary host to the Hollywood stars, employed by Jack L. Warner of Warner Brothers Studios as the head of the commissary and executive dining room for Jack L. Warner and heads of every department and provided food for the actors and the crew during filming.
 When Warner retired from the studio in 1968, Baglioni remained at Warner Brothers and opened his own restaurant at the same time simply called “Emilio’s” located on Melrose and Highland Avenues in Hollywood, California.
 Many Hollywood stars continued to flock to Emilio’s because he prepared their favorite meals, such as Elizabeth Taylor’s beloved dinner was “Three colored salad;” Richard Burton Linguine with Clams; Esther Williams dined on “Veal Piccata;” Anthony Quinn liked "Scalappine al Marsala," Jack LaLane's "Cioppino;" John Wayne "Mixed Salad with New York Steak well charred;" Ava Gardner "Scampi al vino bianco.
 The "Hollywood Times" newspaper reported: "Emilio's is currently & has been for many years the "In Place" to go in Hollywood.
 Today you may see TV Newscaster, stars from nearby Paramount Studios, affluent people from everywhere gathered together to enjoy the beautiful atmosphere & outstand cuisine.
 ...At Emilio's almost everything is prepared on the premises.
 Breads are homebaked, fresh pastas are prepared daily & there is even a garden across from the restaurant where Emilio himself arrives early each morning to select his own vegetables, herbs, & beautiful flowers to set his tables...A legendary restaurant pioneer in Los Angeles, Emilio attributes his success to these words: "Never sacrifice quality & love your customers."
 In 1995, Baglioni sold his restaurant, learned to play the Button Accordion and travels around the world entertaining people with Italian music, and makes special appearances at the Feast of San Gennaro Festivals in Los Angeles, California, and Las Vegas, Nevada.
O'Reilly (Irish: Ó Raghallaigh ) is a group of families, ultimately all of Irish Gaelic origin, who were historically the kings of East Bréifne in what is today County Cavan.
 The clan were part of the Connachta's Uí Briúin Bréifne kindred and were closely related to the Ó Ruairc (O'Rourkes) of West Bréifne.
 O'Reilly is ranked tenth in the top twenty list of Irish surnames.
Andrew Lue (born March 17, 1992) is a Canadian football defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
 In the CFL’s Amateur Scouting Bureau final rankings, he was ranked tenth best of the players eligible in the 2014 CFL Draft.
 He was then drafted tenth overall by the Alouettes and signed with the team in May 2014.
 He played in 22 games with the Alouettes over three seasons before being traded to the Roughriders on October 12, 2016.
 He played CIS Football with the Queen's Gaels.
Hiroshi Shiibashi (椎橋寛 , Shībashi Hiroshi , born June 6, 1980, Suita, Osaka, Japan) is a Japanese manga artist known for the manga "", which has been adapted into an anime series.
 He has worked as an assistant on Hirohiko Araki's series "Steel Ball Run".
 On Nikkei Entertainment's list published in 2011 of most successful manga artists by sales since 2010 he ranked tenth.
The Duke Steps Out is a 1929 silent film starring William Haines and Joan Crawford.
 The film is lost, but the Vitaphone sound discs track survive at UCLA Film and TV Archives.
Hortência Maria de Fátima Marcari (born September 23, 1959) is a former basketball player who is often considered to be one of the greatest female basketball players in Brazil, along with Paula, and regarded by specialists as one of the world's greatest female basketball players of all time.
 Marcari is a member of the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame (inducted in 2002), the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame (inducted in 2005), and FIBA Hall of Fame (inducted in 2007).
 She is known in her country as Hortência, and her nickname is "The Queen".
Joan Crawford (born Lucille Fay LeSueur; (March 23, 190?
 – May 10, 1977) was an American film and television actress who began her career as a dancer and stage showgirl.
 In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked Crawford tenth on its list of the greatest female stars of Classic Hollywood Cinema.
Greta Garbo (born Greta Lovisa Gustafsson; ] ; 18 September 1905 – 15 April 1990), was a Swedish-born American film actress during the 1920s and 1930s.
 Garbo was nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Actress and received an Academy Honorary Award in 1954 for her "luminous and unforgettable screen performances."
 In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked Garbo fifth on their list of the greatest female stars of classic Hollywood cinema, after Katharine Hepburn, Bette Davis, Audrey Hepburn, and Ingrid Bergman.
Dawning Information Industry (Shuguang, 曙光) is a supercomputer manufacturer in the People's Republic of China.
 Its Dawning 4000A and Dawning 5000A clusters were both ranked tenth in June 2004 and November 2008 TOP500 lists respectively.
 Dawning has manufactured some of the fastest supercomputers in the world including Nebulae, the second fastest computer in the June 2010 TOP500 list.
