Thriller is the sixth studio album by American singer Michael Jackson, released on November 30, 1982, in the United States by Epic Records and internationally by CBS Records.
 The follow-up to Jackson's successful previous studio album, "Off the Wall", it explores genres similar to those of its predecessor, including pop, post-disco, rock and funk.
 Recording sessions for the album took place from April to November 1982 at Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles, with a production budget of $750,000.
 Quincy Jones produced the album, and Jackson wrote four of its nine songs.
The Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Celebration was a 2001 New York City revue show by Michael Jackson.
 It took place on September 7, 2001 and September 10, 2001.
 In late November 2001, the CBS television network aired the concerts as a two-hour special in honor of Michael Jackson's thirtieth year as a solo entertainer (his first solo single, "Got to Be There", was recorded in 1971).
 The show was edited from footage of two separate concerts Michael had orchestrated in New York City's Madison Square Garden on September 7 and September 10 of 2001.
 The shows sold out in five hours.
 Ticket prices were pop's most expensive ever; the best seats cost $10,000 and included a dinner with Michael Jackson and a signed poster.
 The show was choreographed by Glenn Douglas Packard & Brian Thomas, they were nominated for a Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography.
 The show was presented by David Gest, World Events LLC and Clear Channel Entertainment in conjunction with American Airlines, American Eagle and Amazon.com.
 Jackson reportedly earned $7.5 million for each of the two concerts.
 The concert official Boxscore was $10,072,105 for both concerts.
The Venice Commission is an advisory body of the Council of Europe, composed of independent experts in the field of constitutional law.
 It was created in 1990 after the fall of the Berlin Wall, at a time of urgent need for constitutional assistance in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Commission's official name is the European Commission for Democracy through Law, but due to its meeting place in Venice, Italy, where sessions take part four times a year, it is usually referred to as the Venice Commission.
The Beat Goes On is the third full-length album by electronic music group Cash Cash.
 The full-length version was only licensed in Japan and the EP version was self-released worldwide on Cash Cash Music.
 Both formats contained the two songs "Michael Jackson (The Beat Goes On)" and "I Like It Loud," which were also soon after released as singles by Dutch independent dance label Spinnin' Records.
 Lyric videos were released for both singles on Spinnin' Records with the song "Michael Jackson (The Beat Goes On)" paying tribute to American singer Michael Jackson.
Dangerous is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Michael Jackson, released on November 26, 1991 by Epic Records.
 It was his fourth studio album released under the Epic label, and his first since 1975's "Forever, Michael" not to be produced by longtime collaborator Quincy Jones, who had agreed to split after the final recording sessions for Jackson's 1987 album, "Bad".
 "Dangerous" took over a year in production, and was produced by Jackson with additional production from his friend Bill Bottrell and Teddy Riley.
 Jackson wrote twelve of the fourteen songs on the album.
 Lyrical themes expressed on the album included racism, poverty, romance, the welfare of children and the world and self-improvement, topics Jackson had covered before.
 Nine singles were released from "Dangerous" between November 1991 and December 1993, with seven singles issued in the United States, and two others released only outside the US.
 The two singles released outside the United States were successful, charting within the top ten and top forty respectively.
 "Dangerous" peaked at number one in nine countries, while charting at the top ten in four other territories.
 The only songs not released as singles were "Why You Wanna Trip on Me", "She Drives Me Wild", "Can't Let Her Get Away", "Keep the Faith" and "Dangerous"; a video and a single release for the latter was said to have been planned, but was postponed indefinitely due to the musician's tour and allegations of child sexual abuse in 1993.
Andraé Edward Crouch (July 1, 1942 – January 8, 2015) was an American gospel singer, songwriter, arranger, record producer and pastor.
 Referred to as "the father of modern gospel music" by contemporary Christian and gospel music professionals, Crouch was known for his compositions "The Blood Will Never Lose Its Power", "My Tribute (To God Be the Glory)" and "Soon and Very Soon".
 In secular music, he was known for his collaborative work during the 1980s and 1990s with Stevie Wonder, Elton John and Quincy Jones as well as conducting choirs that sang on the Michael Jackson hit "Man in the Mirror" and Madonna's "Like a Prayer".
 Crouch was noted for his talent of incorporating contemporary secular music styles into the gospel music he grew up with.
 His efforts in this area helped pave the way for early American contemporary Christian music during the 1960s and 1970s.
"Don't Be Messin' 'Round" is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson.
 The song was originally recorded in 1986 during initial recording sessions for Jackson's seventh studio album, "Bad", but was never finished and was left off the album.
 Jackson reportedly revisited the track for his eighth and studio albums, but it was again abandoned from both.
 In May 2012, it was announced that Jackson's original 1986 demo for "Don't Be Messin' 'Round" was to be included on a re-release of the original first single from "Bad," "I Just Can't Stop Loving You".
 This release marked the beginning of the promotional campaign for "Bad 25," a twenty-fifth anniversary re-release of the "Bad" album.
"Billie Jean" is a song by American singer Michael Jackson.
 It is the second single from the singer's sixth studio album, "Thriller" (1982).
 It was written and composed by Jackson and produced by Jackson and Quincy Jones.
 There are contradictory claims on the meaning of the song's lyrics.
 One suggests that they are derived from a real-life experience, in which a female fan claimed that Jackson (or one of his brothers) had fathered her twins.
 However, Michael Jackson stated that "Billie Jean" was based on groupies he had encountered.
 The song is well known for its distinctive bassline played by Louis Johnson, the standard drum beat heard in the beginning, the repetition of "Billie Jean is not my lover" towards the end of the song and Michael Jackson's vocal hiccups.
 The song was mixed 91 times by audio engineer Bruce Swedien before it was finalized, though he reportedly went with the second mix as the final product.
The Chase Child Life Program addresses the social, emotional and developmental needs of children dealing with the stress of illness and hospitalization.
 child life specialists provide opportunities for children of all ages to master the healthcare experience by preparing and supporting them through medical procedures.
 Therapeutic play sessions take place in Chase Place playrooms and at bedside.
 Playrooms are safe places for children to build coping skills, express creativity through play, and share emotions and concerns.
 The program also extends support and resources to families in times of bereavement.
"Chicago" is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson.
 The song was originally recorded during the "Invincible" recording sessions under the name "She Was Lovin' Me".
 A reworked version of the song was included in Jackson's posthumous album "Xscape".
