King Faisal Babes Football Club is a professional football club in Kumasi, Ashanti.
 The club competes in the Glo Premier League.
 They were represented at the FIFA World Cup 2006 by left-back Habib Mohamed, who was playing for Ghana national team.
 King Faisal Babies were relegated at the end of the 2010–11 Glo Premier League season and played in the Poly Tank Division One League in the 2011–12 season.
 Then were re-promoted to the 2012–13 Glo Premier League season.
 The club have never won the Ghana Premier League.
Kallon Football Club commonly known as F.C. Kallon, formerly Sierra Fisheries, is a Sierra Leonean football club based in Freetown.
 The club is one of the top clubs in the Sierra Leone National Premier League and play their home games at the National Stadium in Freetown.
 The club owner, chairman and CEO is a former Sierra Leonean international footballer Mohamed Kallon.
 The club is coach by a former Sierra Leonean international footballer Musa Kallon, who is also the older brother of Mohamed Kallon.
Fivemiletown United Football Club is an intermediate-level football club who play in the Intermediate A division of the Mid-Ulster Football League in Northern Ireland.
 The club is based in Fivemiletown, County Tyrone.
 The club is currently managed by Scott Robinson.
 The current secretary is Mike Long.
 The Reserves currently play in Fermanagh and Western Division 3.
 Fivemiletown United Youth Academy provides youth teams from U9 up to U19 and have also a Youth Academy for 4 Year olds and up.
 The club's Youth teams play in the Brendan Keogh Youth League and the Mid Ulster Youth League.Long-term clubman Davy McQuigg is the club's current chairman and has served in nearly every role in the club in over 30 years involved with the club.
 He was awarded a BEM (British Empire Medal) in January 2015 as part of the Queens New Years honours list for his services to youth football.
 The 2014/15 season was the club's most successful season in the intermediate A section as new manager Jason Gillespie guided them to a 3rd-place finish which is the club's highest ever finish.
Ashley Fernee (born 24 June 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 He was selected for the Adelaide Football Club in the 1995 draft, having previously played with the Calder Cannons.
 Fernee only played two games for the Adelaide Football Club in 1996, debuting against Fitzroy Football Club in round 17.
 In spite of those two games, he was not selected to play in 1997, and in 1998 things were not looking promising, with Michelangelo Rucci stating that the "wait will go on unless a long injury list strikes again".
 Fernee did not play in 1998, and he was delisted by the Adelaide Football Club in October of that year.
 He played for the SANFL team, South Adelaide Football Club, in 1999, and nominated for the AFL draft at the end of the season.
 Unsuccessful, Fernee left Adelaide to return to Victoria, where he played for the East Keilor Football Club.
Polytechnic Football Club, originally, Hanover United Football Club is a football club from Chiswick, West London, England.
 It is believed to be the first football club to use "United" in its name.
 The club is a full member of the Football Association and, the Amateur Football Alliance and currently play in the Southern Amateur League Senior Division 1 ; they are an FA charted Standard club.
 It was named "Polytechnic" after the former name of the current University of Westminster (The Royal Polytechnic Institution).
The Trojans Rugby Football Club is an under-nineteen-year-old rugby club originally based out of Lassiter High School.
 It is one of the original high school rugby clubs which are part of the Georgia High School Rugby Association (GHSRA).
 The club was founded in 2005, and has made its mark on rugby in Georgia.
 Matches and practices are held at Noonday Creek Park in Marietta.
 Coach Randall Joseph has been the head coach since the club's founding, with Anthony "Bubba" Gautney as assistant coach.
 The club has taken park in many tournaments and state final matches in Georgia and the Southeast United States.
 A major goal of the Trojans Rugby Football Club is to teach and play the sport of rugby in the United States.
 This is a great struggle throughout Georgia because of opposition from the high school's football coaches and athletic directors.
 The club plays the most common version of rugby, called rugby union but often just referred to as rugby.
 Although the club plays by rugby union rules, they also play by the rules of the International Rugby Board (IRB) for those under 19 years of age.
 In the summer of 2011, the Trojan Rugby Football Club took part in another version of rugby called rugby sevens.
 This variation of rugby is faster paced, with the same size fields but fewer people, and shorter half lengths.
Ahmed Marzooq (born 1 September 1976 in Addu Feydhoo, Republic of Maldives), also known as Mare, is the Secretary General of Maldives Olympic Committee.
 Till electing to the post on 11 July 2009, he also was the General Secretary of one of the most successful Maldivian football team Victory Sports Club.
 He was a former football player who won numerous trophies with Club Valencia and Island Football Club (IFC).
 Before moving to Club Valencia in 1998, he played for Youth Sports Club from 1994 to 1997.
 During his time he was well known as a bold head who is the son of former Maldivian famous referee Hussain Mohamed Didi aka GEORGE.
 Marzooq and his brother Mohamed Nizam played together in Youth Sports Club and Club Valencia as well.
 He scored the historical goal which have been recorded as the fastest goal in a final match in the History of Maldives football.
 The goal was scored within 32 seconds after kick off against New Radiant on 1999 FA Cup final.
Crichton Football Club was a football club based in Dumfries in Scotland.
 The current incarnation of the club formed in 1972 as Auldgirth Football Club, they originally played in local amateur leagues, before adopting the new title of Blackwood Dynamos Football Club.
 They then changed their name once again in 1999, to reflect the fact that their ground where they play home matches is Crichton Hospital Park.
 They were originally going to adopt the title Crichton Royal Football Club, but never assumed the "Royal" part of the name.
 Their strip consisted of blue and white.
Aly Mohamed Ahmed (Arabic: علي محمد أحمد‎ ‎ ) (born 1 January 1989 in Asyut, Egypt) is an Egyptian Footballer.
 He plays as a Full back or Winger for Egyptian Premier League club ENPPI as well as the Egypt U-20 national team.
Requins de l'Atlantique Football Club is a football club of Benin, playing in the town of Cotonou.
 They play in the Beninese first division, the Benin Premier League.
Some notable players would include: Jude Axelsson, Francis Abalo, Mohamed kabiru, Ebun akinbote, Dosugbete expetit, Sacramento, Gariga Abou Maïga, Stéphane Sessègnon
