Stony Man Mountain, also known as Stony Man, is a mountain in Shenandoah National Park, Virginia and is the most northerly 4,000 foot peak in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
 Its maximum elevation is 4,011 feet or 1,223 meters above sea level with a clean prominence of 651 feet.
 The mountain is co-located in Madison and Page counties and is easily accessed from Skyline Drive by hiking trails.
 Along with Hawksbill Mountain (4,051 feet), it is only one of two peaks in the park higher than 4,000 feet.
 The shortest route to the summit is from the Skyland Resort and gains less than 400 vertical feet in about 1 kilometer.
 A longer, more challenging, route is from the Skyline Drive trail head at about milepost 39 of the Skyline Drive and gains almost 800 feet.
 The peak sits just southeast of the Appalachian Trail (AT) but the summit is accessible from the AT by previously mentioned spur trails.
 On the upper slopes of Stony Man one can see a few balsam fir trees which typically grow in more northerly latitudes.
 The mountain is composed of ancient basalt which was metamorphosed into Greenstone through heat and pressure.
Sandstone Peak, also known as Mount Allen, is a mountain in Ventura County, California, and the highest summit in the Santa Monica Mountains with an elevation of 3114 ft .
 Located near the western edge of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, the summit provides panoramic views of Malibu, The Pacific Ocean, Santa Monica, the Conejo Valley, and four of the Channel Islands.
 The "Sandstone Peak Trail", which leads to the top, connects to a vast trail system in the area, including the Backbone Trail.
 The mountain is highly popular with climbers, hikers, campers, and photographers.
Bear Mountain, is a prominent peak of the southern Taconic Mountains.
 It lies within the town of Salisbury, Connecticut, in the United States, and is the highest mountain "summit" in the state of Connecticut.
 The highest "point" in the state, however, is located on the south slope of Mount Frissell 1.3 mi to the west at 2379 ft .
 Much of the mountain is protected as part of the viewshed and corridor of the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, which crosses the summit grounds.
 From the summit the view includes Twin Lakes and cultivated fields to the east, the Catskills and nearby Taconic peaks to the west, and Massachusetts' Mount Everett and Mount Race to the north.
 Though the mountain's elevation is commonly reported at 2316', the elevation near its stone monument tower, the proper summit lies approximately 125 feet northwest of the tower, accessible by a herd path following the mountain's abandoned Bee Line Trail to the Northwest Camp owned by the Connecticut Chapter of the Appalachian Mountain Club.
 The mountain is noted for its old growth scrub forest of pitch pines, birch, oak and other short-statured trees, much like its neighbors, Mounts Everett and Race, for its numerous wild blueberry bushes which produce in late July and early August, and for its rattlesnakes, which in summer are sometimes seen sunning themselves on the mountain's numerous open rocks of mica, schist and gneiss.
The South Summit of Mount Everest in the Himalayas is the second-highest peak on Earth, and is a subsidiary peak to the primary peak of Mount Everest.
 Although its elevation above sea level of 8749 m is higher than the second-highest mountain on Earth, K2 (whose summit is 8611 m above sea level), it is only considered a separate peak and not a separate mountain as its prominence is only 11 meters.
New York Mountain Trail is in the northwestern Sawatch Range, part of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado.
 It is located in the Holy Cross Wilderness Area within Eagle County.
 New York Mountain Trail is south of Interstate 70, near Eagle and very close to Fulford, Colorado.
 New York Mountain is the site of mining ruins from the late nineteenth century.
 Gold Dust Peak, 13,365 feet, lies south of New York Mountain.
 There are two main routes to NY Mtn, one from the Polar Star Hut area (1200 ft elevation gain) and one from Fulford (2500 ft elevation gain).
 The Polar Star to New York Mountain trailhead is well-marked with a sign at 11,250 feet.
 New York Mountain Trail ascends to New York Mountain ridge, a half-mile from the trailhead at 11,787 feet.
 New York Lake lies east of the ridge.
 New York Mountain Trail follows the ridge south to the summit of New York Mountain at an elevation of 12,450 feet.
 Hiking Colorado: Holy Cross Wilderness, a hiking guide by Kim Fenske, provides a description of New York Mountain Trail.
Mount Jefferson is the highest mountain in both the Toquima Range and Nye County in Nevada, United States.
 It is the sixth highest mountain in the state.
 As the high point of a range which is well separated from other ranges by low basins, Mount Jefferson has a high topographic prominence of 5861 ft .
 This makes it the most prominent peak in Nye County and the third most prominent peak in Nevada (after Charleston Peak and Wheeler Peak).
 For similar reasons, it is also the highest mountain for over 90 miles in all directions.
 It is located about 50 mi northeast of the county seat of Tonopah within the Alta Toquima Wilderness of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest, near the smaller towns of Carvers and Round Mountain.
 Three distinct summits are located on a broad area of subalpine tundra: North Summit rises to 11,820 ft , Middle Summit to 11,692 ft , and South Summit to 11949 ft .
 During the Pleistocene, alpine glaciers eroded several cirques east of the summit plateau.
Yushan National Park () is one of the nine national parks in Taiwan and was named after the summit Yushan, the highest peak of the park.
 The park covers a total of 103,121 hectares including large sections of the Central Mountain Range.
 The park contains over thirty peaks more than 3,000 meters in elevation, and two-thirds of the area within the park is above 2,000 meters.
 The elevation difference in the park is 3,600 meters, and there are many canyons, cliffs, and valleys.
Tartej (Arabic: ترتج‎ ‎ ) is a village in the Jbeil District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate, Lebanon.
 Its average elevation is 1,100 meters.
 Qornet Ain el-Deb is the highest peak in the mountain (1,859 meters), peak Ain al-Marbout (1,774 meters), Jouret al-Maktoul (1,715 meters), Jouret al-Touti (1,480 meters) and al-Wata (1,088 meters).
Sumas Peak is an official name for the "summit" of Sumas Mountain, which is located in the on the south shore of the Fraser River in the Fraser Valley between Abbotsford and Chilliwack, British Columbia.
 Elevation 910 m above sea level, prominence 875 m .
 The mountain is mostly tree covered to the summit, with only its far southwestern end being the locale for development of residential neighbourhoods adjacent to downtown Abbotsford and the Mission By-Pass.
 A trail, the Centennial Trail (part of the Trans-Canada Trail, crosses the mountain from east to west.
 There is also a road to a microwave tower on the peak.
 Chadsey Lake and the associated park are also located near the peak.
The Peak Galleria (Chinese: 山頂廣場) is a leisure and shopping complex and tourist attraction located at Victoria Gap, near the summit of Victoria Peak on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.
 The architecture firm Aedas designed The Peak Galleria.
 It is owned and run by Hang Lung Properties.
 It includes bus termini for public buses run by Citybus and New World First Bus, as well as green minibuses that serve the Peak.
