200 West Street is the global headquarters of the Goldman Sachs investment banking firm.
 The building is a 749 ft , 44-story building located on West Street, between Vesey and Murray Streets in Lower Manhattan.
 It is adjacent to the World Financial Center and the Conrad Hotel, the Verizon Building to the east across West Street, and diagonally opposite the World Trade Center.
 It is the only office building in Battery Park City north of the World Financial Center.
The Robert B. Atwood Building is an office building located at 550 West 7th Avenue in Downtown Anchorage, Alaska.
 The building houses government offices for the State of Alaska.
 Standing at 20 stories and 81 m (265 ft), it is the second-tallest building in Alaska.
 The building was formerly known as the "Bank of America Center".
 Together with the slightly taller Conoco-Phillips Building, the skyscraper defines Anchorage's skyline.
South Phoenix is a region of Phoenix, Arizona, with the boundaries of the Gila River Indian Community to the south and west, 48th Street or Interstate-10 (Phoenix/Tempe and Phoenix/Chandler borders) to the east, and the Salt River to the north.
 This area includes Phoenix's following Urban Villages: South Mountain Village (aka South Mountain District) along with Laveen Village and Ahwatukee Village.
 The area is sometimes simply referred to as "the Southside" by its residents.
 Major arterial east-west streets include Broadway Road, Southern Avenue, Baseline Road, Dobbins Road, Elliott Road, Warner Road, Chandler Boulevard, and Pecos Road, most of which connect South Phoenix with the suburbs of Tempe and Chandler.
 Major arterial south-north streets include 24th Street, 16th Street, 7th Street, Central Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 19th Avenue connecting South Mountain Village to Central and North Phoenix; 27th Avenue, 35th Avenue, 43rd Avenue, 51st Avenue, 59th Avenue, 67th Avenue, and 75th Avenue connecting Laveen to west Phoenix; and 32nd Street, 40th Street, and 48th Street connecting South Mountain Village to east Phoenix and Tempe.
Greenwich Avenue, formerly Greenwich Lane, is a southeast-northwest avenue located in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
 It extends from the intersection of 6th Avenue and 8th Street at its southeast end to its northwestern end at 8th Avenue between 14th Street and 13th Street.
 It is sometimes confused with Greenwich Street.
 Construction of West Village Park, bounded by Greenwich Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 12th Street, began in 2016.
The 5th Avenue Theatre (often referred to as 5th Avenue or the 5th) is a landmark theatre building located in Seattle, Washington.
 It has hosted a variety of theatre productions and motion pictures since it opened in 1926.
 The building and land is owned by the University of Washington and was once part of the original campus.
 It is operated as a venue for nationally touring Broadway and original shows by the non-profit 5th Avenue Theatre Association.
 The theatre, located at 1308 Fifth Avenue in the historic Skinner Building, has been listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places since 1978.
888 7th Avenue is a 628 ft (191m) tall modern-style office skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan which was completed in 1969 and has 46 floors.
 Emery Roth & Sons designed the building, which is tied with Central Park Place for the 65th tallest building in New York City.
 It currently carries the Vornado Realty Trust corporate headquarters.
 Previously known as the Arlen Building, its namesake being the company responsible for its construction, Arlen Realty & Development Corporation.
 The Red Eye Grill is located in the building at street level.
Pershing Square Capital Management is an American hedge fund management company founded and run by Bill Ackman, located at 888 7th Avenue in New York.
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is an inner suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
 Located north of the Hillhurst and West Hillhurst communities, the boundaries of the district are 16th Avenue N (Trans-Canada Highway)to the north; 14th Street W to the east; Lane north of 7th Avenue N to 19th Street W and 8th Avenue N to the south; and Crowchild Trail, 12th Avenue N, Juniper Road, and 22nd Street W to the west.
 Lions Park C-Train station is located within the community.
 The community is built on an escarpment and is popular for its views of downtown to the south and the Rocky Mountains to the west.
The West Street District is a historic district on West Street in Boston, Massachusetts, one of the city's "ladder districts" that runs between Tremont Street and Washington Street in the Downtown Crossing commercial/retail area.
 The district includes four buildings located near the corner of Tremont and West Streets, all built in the early 20th century.
 The two buildings at 148-150 Tremont Street were once occupied by Chandler and Company, an exclusive department store.
 Number 148 is a Renaissance Revival structure built as an office building in 1912, and number 150 was built in 1903 to house the Oliver Ditson Company, a music publisher.
 The Fabyan building at 26-30 West Street was designed by Coolidge, Shepley, Bulfinch & Abbott, and built in 1926.
 The Schraffts Building at 16-24 West Street was built in 1922, and housed a flagship candy store and restaurant for more than fifty years.
Berkeley is a city-center neighborhood in Denver, Colorado, located in the area traditionally called Northwest Denver, on the west side of Interstate 25 and just south of Interstate 70.
 The neighborhood is bounded by Federal Boulevard on the east, I-70 on the north, Sheridan Boulevard on the West and 38th avenue on the south.
 It is bordered by the West Highland neighborhood on the south and is often erroneously grouped together with the Highlands.
 The neighborhood contains two lakes surrounded by parks, one eponymous (stretching from 46th Avenue to I-70 and Sheridan Boulevard to Tennyson Street) and Rocky Mountain Lake Park (stretching from Lowell Boulevard to Grove Street and 46th Avenue to I-70).
 Berkeley Park also contains the William Scheitler Recreation Center, run by the City and County of Denver and including both indoor and outdoor public pools.
 Berkeley has experienced rapid growth and rise in property values in the last 20 years and particularly since the closing of Elitch Gardens Amusement Park in October 1994.
 Particularly, Tennyson Street has become a commercial and cultural center for Northwest Denver, beginning in the current decade to rival Highland Square in nearby Highland.
 City Congressman Rick Garcia pushed for the further development of Tennyson Street in the November 2011 election season and succeeded in obtaining the voters' approval for $2.5 million in public works funding.
 Business owners on Tennyson from 48th Avenue to 38th Avenue currently collaborate in an Art Walk held on the first Friday of every month.
