Dearie is a 1927 silent drama film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by Archie Mayo.
 It is from a story by Victorian author Carolyn Wells about a woman who sacrifices for her ungrateful son.
 This film starred Irene Rich and is considered a lost film.
 It is unknown, but the film might have been released with a Vitaphone soundtrack.
Ramsey Dukes is the current and most well-known pen name of Lionel Snell, a contemporary English magician, publisher and author on magic and philosophy.
 He has also under the pen names Lemuel Johnston.
 Angerford and Lea, Adamai Philotunus and Per Anum Ad Astra.
 His regular satirical column "The Satanist's Diary" was published in the magazine "Aquarian Arrow" during the 1980s and early 1990s under the pen name The Hon Hugo C StJ l'Estrange and included a multitude of other pen names as contributors.
Jane Thayer (the pen name of Catherine Woolley, August 11, 1904 – July 23, 2005) was an American writer.
 She is known best for the book "The Puppy Who Wanted A Boy", which became the basis of a 1980s Saturday Morning cartoon series, "The Puppy's Further Adventures".
 Jane Thayer wrote 86 books for children, many of which ("The Blueberry Pie Elf" and "The Puppy Who Wanted a Boy for Christmas") have become classics.
 She was so prolific that her editor suggested she publish some of her works under a pen name.
 Thus, Catherine authored picture books under the pen name of Jane Thayer, while writing books for older children and adults under her real name.
Carolyn Janice Cherry (born September 1, 1942), better known by the pen name C. J. Cherryh, is an American writer of speculative fiction.
 She has written more than 60 books since the mid-1970s, including the Hugo Award-winning novels "Downbelow Station" (1981) and "Cyteen" (1988), both set in her Alliance-Union universe.
 She is known for "world building," depicting fictional realms with great realism supported by vast research in history, language, psychology, and archeology.
 Her series of fantasy novels set in the Alliance-Union universe, the Morgaine Stories, have sold in excess of 3 million copies.
A pen name ("nom de plume", or "literary double") is a pseudonym (or, in some cases, a variant form of a real name) adopted by an author and printed on the title page or by-line of his or her works in place of their "real" name.
 A pen name may be used to make the author's name more distinctive, to disguise his or her gender, to distance an author from some or all of his or her previous works, to protect the author from retribution for his or her writings, to combine more than one author into a single author, or for any of a number of reasons related to the marketing or aesthetic presentation of the work.
 The author's name may be known only to the publisher, or may come to be common knowledge.
Colin Falconer (born 1953) is a pen name of Colin Bowles, who also uses the pen name Mark D'Abranville, an English-born Australian writer.
 Works published under the pen name include contemporary and historical thrillers, and children's books.
 Under his original name he has also published books of satirical fiction; non-fiction books about language; television and radio scripts; and many magazine articles and columns.
Carolyn Pizzuti is an American author of romance novels under the pen name Carolyn Zane.
 She has also been published as Suzy Pizzuti.
Sweeping Up Glass is a 2009 novel by Oklahoma City author Carolyn Wall that takes place within a segregated community in 1938.
Published in 1976, The Story of the Weasel is author Carolyn Slaughter's debut novel.
 It won the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize the following year.
 Published as Relations in the United States, it has been praised for its 'sensitive treatment of fraternal incest in Victorian England and for its subtle poetic prose'.
Morishima Chūryō (森島 中良 , 1756 – December 29, 1810) was an Edo period Japanese author of popular fiction who also wrote a number of works in the field of rangaku (Western studies).
 He wrote under many pen names, including Manzōtei, Shinra Manzō (or, conventionally, Shinra Banshō), and Tenjiku Rōjin ("old man from India").
 The latter constituted an allusion to the pen name Tenjiku Rōnin ("masterless samurai from India"), used by Hiraga Gennai, to whom Chūryō was the principal literary successor.
 Chūryō co-authored several plays with Gennai early in his career, and went on to write in almost all of the many genres of popular fiction that were collectively known as gesaku.
 He also wrote kyōka, or comic waka poetry, under the pen name Taketsue no Sugaru.
 Chūryō was the younger brother of Katsuragawa Hoshū, a shogunal physician and leading scholar of rangaku.
