Coolaid is the fourteenth studio album by American West Coast hip hop recording artist Snoop Dogg.
 It was released on July 1, 2016, by Doggystyle Records and eOne Music.
 Recording sessions for the album took place during 2015 to 2016 at the Doggystyle Studios Records, in Diamond Bar, California.
 The production on the album was handled by Snoop Dogg and other record producers, including Just Blaze, Swizz Beatz and Timbaland.
 Snoop Dogg also enlisted a variety of guest vocalists such as Too $hort, Swizz Beatz, Jeremih, Wiz Khalifa, Trick Trick, E-40, Jazze Pha, Suga Free and October London, among others.
"Snoop Dogg (What's My Name II)" is the follow-up for one of the first singles released by rapper Snoop Dogg, "Who Am I?
 (What's My Name?)
."
 It was also the only CD single released from his fifth album, "Tha Last Meal".
 The music video is directed by Chris Robinson.
 It was produced by Timbaland and briefly features Dr. Dre, who is sat on a couch portrayed as a pimp with Snoop Dogg to his left.
 Nate Dogg and Lady of Rage provide vocals in the chorus.
"Game Don't Wait" was the second single released from Warren G's third album, "I Want It All".
 The remix of the song, which was the version released as a single was produced by Warren G's stepbrother Dr. Dre and featured fellow 213 members, Nate Dogg and Snoop Dogg, as well as Xzibit.
 It peaked at 58 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 The original song was produced by Warren G and featured Snoop Dogg and Nate Dogg, but Xzibit was exclusive to the remix.
Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle is a mixed hardcore pornography and hip-hop music video featuring the music of rapper Snoop Dogg and presented by him.
 It was released in 2001.
 It was the first hardcore video ever listed on the Billboard music video sales chart.
 Because of its huge success, it started a trend where rappers are put into the mainstream of the porn industry by hosting X-rated movies.
 Many films of the genre followed, starring Necro, Mystikal, Too Short, Ice-T and Yukmouth.
 It also allowed Hustler to expand its boundaries by launching new subsidiaries for their recently formed fashion line and CD label.
 The scenes were shot at Snoop Dogg's house in Claremont, California.
 Snoop Dogg himself however, does not appear nude or perform any explicit acts.
Snoop Dogg's Hustlaz: Diary of a Pimp is a mixed hardcore pornography and hip hop music video featuring the music of rapper Snoop Dogg, produced by Hustler Video.
 The video was also directed, co-produced and presented by Snoop, although he does not feature in any sex scenes.
 In the films credits, Snoop is listed under the moniker "Snoop Scorsese".
 The movie was released in 2002, a year after Snoop Dogg set the trend of mixed hip hop porn movies with "Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle".
Meech Wells (born Cecil D. Womack, Jr.) is a music producer from the United States.
 He works primarily on hip hop music, and has produced or co-produced for artists Snoop Dogg and Shaquille O'Neal.
 Wells is also the son of Motown singer Mary Wells and musician/songwriter, Cecil Womack.
 Being the son of Motown legend Mary Wells may have helped jumpstart Meech Wells' career, but the West Coast rap producer quickly proved his talent and eventually aligned himself with Snoop Dogg, another relationship that definitely didn't hurt his career.
 Before being Snoop's producer of choice during the late 1990s and early 2000s, Wells began his career as part of a funk band called Trey Lewd that also featured Tracey Lewis, George Clinton's son; this provided him with the opportunity to work with Clinton himself.
 By 1993, Wells found himself working alongside producer/rapper Def Jef; the two's production on Shaquille O'Neil's "I Got Skillz" (a surprise hit single) won them instant credentials.
 Throughout the mid-'90s, he continued to hone his craft, working on a number of remix projects before eventually being introduced to Snoop through a friend.
 Before long, the two were working together as a potent duo, beginning with "Still a G Thang," one of the better songs on Snoop's Da Game Is to Be Sold, Not to Be Told.
 Wells produced a few No Limit songs featuring Snoop—Tru's "It's a Beautiful Thang," Silkk the Shocker's "Get It Up"—before playing a major role in bringing a West Coast sound to Snoop's Top Dogg album in 1999: "In Love With a Thug," "Better Days," "Gangsta Ride," among others.
 In 2000 he reprised his role as one of Snoop's producers of choice, producing tracks for Tha Eastsidaz' self-titled debut and Doggy's Angels' Pleezbalevit, as well as Snoop's own Tha Last Meal ("Go Away," "Issues").
Doggystyle is the debut studio album by American rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg.
 It was released on November 23, 1993, by Death Row Records and Interscope Records.
 The album was recorded and produced following Snoop's appearances on Dr. Dre's debut solo album "The Chronic" (1992), to which Snoop contributed significantly.
 The West Coast style in hip-hop that he developed from Dre's first album continued on "Doggystyle".
 Critics have praised Snoop Doggy Dogg for the lyrical "realism" that he delivers on the album and for his distinctive vocal flow.
 Despite some mixed criticism of the album initially upon its release, "Doggystyle" earned recognition from many music critics as one of the most significant albums of the 1990s, as well as one of the most important hip-hop albums ever released.
 Much like "The Chronic", the distinctive sounds of "Doggystyle" helped introduce the hip-hop subgenre of g-funk to a mainstream audience, bringing forward West Coast hip hop as a dominant force in the early-1990s.
Diary of a G is the eleventh studio album from rapper Mr. Capone-E released on August 25, 2009 through his own record label Hi-Power Entertainment.
 Mr. Capone-E produced Diary of a G with co-producer Fingazz.
 Diary of a G is a two-disc set with the album plus the DVD; the DVD shows all the steps Mr. Capone-E takes to make the album.
 The DVD features artists such as Lil Eazy-E, Lil Rob, Snoop Dogg, The Game, Mr. Criminal, Prima J, (Boxer) Amrkhan, and more.
 The album features artist's such as Snoop Dogg, Mr. Criminal, Fingazz, The Game, Glasses Malone, Birdman, and more.
 Including the single "Light My Fire" featuring Snoop Dogg & Fingazz.
Dead Man Walkin' is a compilation album released by Death Row Records on October 31, 2000, composed of archived Snoop Dogg recordings but was not authorized by Snoop Dogg, nor recognized on the discography on his website.
 Snoop Dogg was an artist on Death Row from 1992 to 1998, when he left the label following labelmate Dr. Dre's departure and the death of Tupac Shakur.
 The split between Snoop Dogg and Death Row head Suge Knight was less than amicable, and the title of this release was an unfriendly warning from Knight to Snoop Dogg, who had spoken out against the imposing Knight in several interviews and on record as well.
 According to SoundScan (2005), it has sold 220,478 copies.
 A music video was released for Head Doctor.
Stanley Harris Jr. (born in Santa Ana, California, U.S.) is a music producer, rapper and singer in Los Angeles, California.
 He records under the stage name Quaze or Quazedelic.
 He received his big break into the music industry when rapper Snoop Dogg signed him to Doggystyle Records in 2001.
 He is most recognized for his funk music style production.
 His first major release with the Doggystyle Records crew was on the soundtrack of Undercover Brother, where he produced the single, Give Up the Funk.
 The song featured Snoop Dogg, Bootsy Collins, Fred Wesley, Kokane and Quazedelic.
 Later he went on to work with many other Hip-Hop and R&B artists like Angie Stone, Baby Bash, G-Unit, Dub C, Redman, Suga Free and Goldie Loc from the Eastsidaz.
