A laminated steel blade or piled steel is a knife, sword, or other tool blade made out of layers of differing types of steel, rather than a single homogeneous alloy.
 The earliest steel blades were laminated out of necessity, due to the early bloomery method of smelting iron, which made production of steel expensive and inconsistent.
 Laminated steel offered both a way to average out the properties of the steel, as well as a way to restrict high carbon steel to the areas that needed it most.
 Laminated steel blades are still produced today for specialized applications, where different requirements at different points in the blade are met by use of different alloys, forged together into a single blade.
A Canaanean blade is an archaeological term for a long, wide blade made out of stone or flint, predominantly found at sites in Israel and Lebanon (ancient Canaan).
 They were first manufactured and used in the Neolithic Stone Age to be used as weapons such as javelins or arrowheads.
 The same technology was used during the later Chalcolithic period in the production of broad sickle blade elements for harvesting of crops.
 Canaanean blades were also used in the threshing of cereal grains.
 This indicates the presence of early agricultural technologies.
 The blades would be attached to a small wooden platform with bitumen.
 The platform, with a human or other weight standing on it, was then pulled behind an animal across a threshing floor.
 The forward motion of the animal paired with the downward force of weight exerted through the blades served to cut grain into small pieces.
A church fan is term used mainly in the United States for a hand fan used within a Christian church building to cool oneself off.
 The fan typically has a wooden handle and a fan blade made of hard stock paper (i.e. card-stock, 2-ply), often with a staple adjoining the two materials.
Muramasa Sengo (千子 村正 , Sengo Muramasa ) was a famous swordsmith who founded the Muramasa school and lived during the Muromachi period (14th to 16th centuries) in Japan.
 Oscar Ratti and Adele Westbrook said that Muramasa "was a most skillful smith but a violent and ill-balanced mind verging on madness, that was supposed to have passed into his blades.
 They were popularly believed to hunger for blood and to impel their warrior to commit murder or suicide."
Kaganoi Shigemochi (加賀井 重望 , 1561 – August 27, 1600) was a Japanese samurai of the Azuchi-Momoyama period, who served the Oda clan.
 He ruled Kaganoi Castle.
 During the Battle of Komaki and Nagakute, Shigemochi fought under his father Shigemune, who was attached to the forces of Oda Nobukatsu.
 Soon after, Kaganoi Castle was surrounded by the forces of Toyotomi Hideyoshi; Shigemune surrendered, and Shigemochi was employed by Hideyoshi as a messenger, receiving a stipend of 10,000 "koku".
 He also possessed a blade made by Muramasa, which Hideyoshi bestowed on him in 1598.
Muramasa Sengo was a famous Japanese swordsmith who founded the Muramasa school of sword-making in the early 16th century CE.
The kujang is a blade weapon native to the Sundanese people of western Java, Indonesia.
 The earliest kujang made is from around the 8th or 9th century.
 It is forged out of iron, steel and pattern welding steel with a length of approximately 20–25 cm and weighs about 300 grams.
 According to Sanghyang siksakanda ng karesian canto XVII, the kujang was the weapon of farmers and has its roots in agricultural use.
 It is thought to have originated from its predecessor, a "kudi".
 The kujang is one of the traditional weapons in the Sundanese school of pencak silat.
 The kujang, like the keris, is a blade of sentimental and spiritual value to the people of Indonesia, who have a vast belief in supernatural powers.
The Order of Saint Anthony was a possibly apocryphal chivalric order of Ethiopia, which according to legend founded around 370 by the Emperor of Ethiopia.
 It was bestowed exclusively on clerics. Pedro Páez in his "History of Ethiopia" seems to write that, in his travels throughout the country, there was no person familiar with any such Order and that it was an invented fable.
Pate's Grammar School is a grammar school academy status located in the Hesters Way area Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England.
 It caters for pupils aged 11 to 18 and is a Beacon school.
 The school was founded with a fund bestowed to Corpus Christi College, Oxford by Richard Pate in 1574.
 The school became co-educational in 1986, when Pate's Grammar School for Girls merged with Cheltenham Grammar School.
 In fact, the first female pupils came to the (Boys) Grammar School in 1971/72 to take their A-levels in the 6th form, and vice versa.
Blade Guitars is a manufacturer of electric guitars and bass guitars founded by luthier Gary Levinson in 1987.
 Levinson had been repairing guitars since 1964 and, in 1977, during his graduate studies at the University of Basel, Switzerland, he founded Guitars by Levinson.
 Using the experience he gathered from his work, he decided to start Blade Guitars in 1985.
 By 1986, he was refining the idea of a line of guitars based on the concept he defines as "Classic Design, Creative Technology"; at this time, he was also determining the features that would characterize his range of guitars.
 In January 1987, a manufacturing deal was reached for the production of the guitars.
 Blade Guitars made their debut in October 1987, at the music show of Tokyo.
 Their presentation at the Frankfurt Musikmesse in 1988 signalled their European launch.
