Euptelea is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the monogeneric family Eupteleaceae.
 The genus is found from Assam east through China to Japan, and consists of shrubs or small trees:
Euptelea pleiosperma is a species of plant in the Eupteleaceae family.
 It is found in China, India, and Myanmar.
Muehlenbeckia axillaris (creeping wire vine, sprawling wirevine, matted lignum) is a low evergreen shrub, forming wiry mats up to about 1 m in diameter, native to New Zealand, and Tasmania, New South Wales and Victoria in Australia.
 It has thin, red-brown stems, with glossy squarish to roundish leaves that are less than 1 cm in diameter, and 2 – thick.
 Flowers are inconspicuous, yellowish-white, 4 - in diameter, and borne in groups of up to 3 in the axils.
 Fruit is black, shiny, and up to 3.5 mm long, produced in late summer to fall.
Muehlenbeckia or the maidenhair genus is native to the Southern Hemisphere, especially South America, Papua New Guinea, Australia and New Zealand, and has been introduced both by birds and cultivation to temperate locales north of the equator.
 Some are tiny alpine mat-forming plants whereas others are vigorous vines with masses of dark stems and minimal small bronze-tinged leaves.
 In virtually frost-free environments, rampant species can become weedy and difficult to eradicate.
Muehlenbeckia horrida" subsp.
 "abdita, recently known as 'Duma" subsp.
 abdita and commonly known as Remote Thorny Lignum, is a critically endangered shrub endemic to Western Australia.
Peristoreus viridipennis is a species of true weevil.
 It is endemic to New Zealand.
 It is associated with plants of the genus "Muehlenbeckia".
Peristoreus fulvus is a species of true weevil.
 It is endemic to New Zealand.
 It is associated with plants of the genus "Muehlenbeckia".
Muehlenbeckia ephedroides, leafless pohuehue or leafless muehlenbeckia, is a prostrate or climbing plant, native to the North Island of New Zealand.
Muehlenbeckia australis, large-leaved muehlenbeckia or pohuehue, is a prostrate or climbing plant native to New Zealand.
Muehlenbeckia adpressa, commonly known as climbing lignum, is a prostrate or climbing plant, native to Australia.
 It has thin red-brown stems up to 1 m in length.
 The leaves are 1.5 - long and 1.5 - wide.
 It occurs in coastal areas of Western Australia, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria and New South Wales.
