Christopher Stone, an American criminal justice expert, is the President of the Open Society Foundations, the global philanthropies of George Soros.
 Prior to assuming this position in July 2012, he served as the Guggenheim Professor of the Practice of Criminal Justice at the Harvard Kennedy School from 2005-2012.
 While at Harvard University, Stone also served as the faculty chair of the Program in Criminal Justice Policy and Management and as the faculty director of the Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations.
 His work at Harvard included research on justice reform in China and Turkey, the development of performance indicators for the justice sector in developing countries, and research on the establishment of the International Criminal Court.
This is a list of notable social scientists that work in the field of criminology and criminal justice.
 Although some government agencies hire individuals with the title "Criminologist," nominally a criminologist has a Ph.D. in Criminology or Criminal Justice.
 Since Criminology is an interdisciplinary field, individuals who have a doctorate typically in economics, history, political science, philosophy, and sociology, but who publish scholarly articles and books in the field of criminology and criminal justice are also considered criminologists.
 Although [forensic scientists] may have an understanding of criminology and criminal justice, they are not by definition criminologists.
The theory of criminal justice is the branch of philosophy of law that deals with criminal justice and in particular punishment.
 The theory of criminal justice has deep connections to other areas of philosophy, such as political philosophy and ethics, as well as to criminal justice in practice.
World Day for International Justice, also referred to as Day of International Criminal Justice or International Justice Day, is an international day celebrated throughout the world on July 17 as part of an effort to recognize the emerging system of international criminal justice.
 July 17 was chosen because it is the anniversary of the adoption of the Rome Statute, the treaty that created the International Criminal Court.
 On 1 June 2010, at the Review Conference of the Rome Statute held in Kampala (Uganda), the Assembly of State Parties decided to celebrate 17 July as the Day of International Criminal Justice.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) is a non-ministerial government department of the Government of the United Kingdom department that investigates and prosecutes serious or complex fraud and corruption in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
 The SFO is accountable to the Attorney General for England and Wales, and was established by the Criminal Justice Act 1987, an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
 Section 2 of the Criminal Justice Act 1987 grants the SFO special compulsory powers to require any person (or business/bank) to provide any relevant documents (including confidential ones) and answer any relevant questions including ones about confidential matters.
 The SFO is the principal enforcer of the Bribery Act 2010, which has been designed to encourage good corporate governance and enhance the reputation of the City of London and the UK as a safe place to do business.
 Its jurisdiction does not extend to Scotland where fraud and corruption are investigated by Police Scotland through their Specialist Crime Division, and prosecutions are undertaken by the Economic Crime Unit of the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service.
To Serve and Protect: Privatization and Community in Criminal Justice is a 1998 book by Bruce L. Benson about private policing, private prosecution, and other market-based methods of providing criminal justice.
 Benson traces the history of government's escalating involvement in criminal justice over the past centuries in the United Kingdom and in the United States, and argues that it has resulted in overpriced, low-quality service that does not adequately address the needs of communities and crime victims.
 He argues for parole bonds, restorative justice, shifting toward a criminal justice system that resembles the civil tort system, and other reforms.
Ralf Popken (born 1962) is a German countertenor.
 He studied choral conducting, recorder, and singing at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater in Hannover and has since performed in concerts across Europe and the USA.
 He has made numerous radio recordings for Norddeutscher Rundfunk, Westdeutscher Rundfunk, and Dutch and Swiss radios and is noted for singing Bach cantatas.
 He debuted in opera at the Staatsoper Hannover in Hannover in 1989.
 His performances have included the premiere of "Medeamaterial" by Pascal Dusapin in 1991 and a role in the musical "Chicago" at the Theater an der Wien and the Berlin Theater des Westens.
 He now teaches voice at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater.
 He has also conducted the NDR Chor, Vocalconsort Berlin, and ChorWerk Ruhr.
Criminal justice reform in the United States is a type of reform aimed at fixing perceived errors in the criminal justice system.
 Goals of such reform include decreasing the United States' prison population and reducing prison sentences and eliminating mandatory minimum sentences for low-level drug offenders.
 Although originally a mainly liberal cause, the criminal justice reform movement has attracted support from members of the Republican Party beginning in the early 2010s.
 This has led to a significant amount of bipartisan agreement among American politicians in favor of criminal justice reform, making it one of few issues on which many politicians from both the Democratic and Republican parties agree.
Melvin L. Claxton (born in 1958) is an American journalist, author, and entrepreneur.
 He has written about crime, corruption, and the abuse of political power.
 He is best known for his 1995 series of investigative reports on corruption in the criminal justice system in the U.S. Virgin Islands and its links to the region's crime rate.
 His series earned the "Virgin Islands Daily News" the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service in 1995.
 Another series by Claxton, this time on the criminal justice system in Detroit, was a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize for Public Service in 2003.
 Claxton has won a number of national reporting awards and his work has been honored several times by the Associated Press managing editors.
 He is the founder and CEO of Epic 4D, an educational video game company.
Chicago is an American musical with music by John Kander, lyrics by Fred Ebb, and book by Ebb and Bob Fosse.
 Set in Prohibition-era Chicago, the musical is based on a 1926 play of the same name by reporter Maurine Dallas Watkins about actual criminals and crimes she reported on.
 The story is a satire on corruption in the administration of criminal justice and the concept of the "celebrity criminal".
