Ardal O'Hanlon ( ; born 8 October 1965) is an Irish comedian and actor.
 He played Father Dougal McGuire in "Father Ted", George Sunday/Thermoman in "My Hero", and DI Jack Mooney in "Death in Paradise".
Ben Keaton (born 1956) is an Irish actor who appeared as Jeff Brannigan in ITV soap opera "Emmerdale".
 He appeared in BBC's "Casualty" playing the part of Spencer between 1999-2002.
 He guest starred as Father Austin Purcell in "Think Fast, Father Ted", an episode of the Channel 4's sitcom "Father Ted".
 He had a small part in the British film "East is East" as a priest.
Dermot John Morgan (31 March 1952 – 28 February 1998) was an Irish comedian, actor and previously a schoolteacher, who achieved international renown for his role as Father Ted Crilly in the Channel 4 sitcom "Father Ted".
"Think Fast, Father Ted" is the second episode of the second series of the Channel 4 sitcom "Father Ted".
 The title is a play on the novel "Think Fast, Mr. Moto" by John P. Marquand, and the film of the same title starring Peter Lorre.
"Good Luck, Father Ted" is the first episode to be aired of the Channel 4 sitcom "Father Ted".
Father Ted is a sitcom produced by independent production company Hat Trick Productions for British broadcaster Channel 4, running for three series and a special from 21 April 1995 until 1 May 1998 over 25 episodes.
 The main characters comprised Father Ted Crilly (Dermot Morgan) and his fellow priests Father Dougal McGuire (Ardal O'Hanlon) and Father Jack Hackett (Frank Kelly), all exiled on Craggy Island living together with the fourth main character, housekeeper Mrs Doyle (Pauline McLynn).
 All four actors appeared from the first to the last episodes, from "Good Luck, Father Ted" to "Going to America".
 Pauline McLynn also played a nun in "Flight Into Terror", in which Mrs Doyle appears only briefly.
"A Christmassy Ted" is an episode of the Channel 4 sitcom "Father Ted".
 It is the 17th episode overall and was broadcast between the second and third series.
 This episode is 55 minutes long, as opposed to the usual 21-22 mins of all other "Father Ted" episodes.
 It was aired on Christmas Eve, seven months after the second series had ended.
 Due to the popularity of this episode, it still gets repeated on Channel 4, RTÉ Two and More4 around Christmas every year.
"Kicking Bishop Brennan Up the Arse" is the sixth episode of the third series of the sitcom "Father Ted", and the 23rd episode overall.
 It originally aired on Channel 4 on 17 April 1998; its story continues from the previous episode, "Escape from Victory".
 In the episode, the main character Father Ted Crilly must kick his strict and overbearing superior Bishop Brennan in the buttocks ("up the arse") as a forfeit set in the previous episode by Father Dick Byrne for cheating at a football match.
Father Ted Crilly is the title character of the Channel 4 sitcom "Father Ted".
 Created by Graham Linehan and Arthur Mathews, Ted was portrayed by comedian Dermot Morgan for the programme's three series.
 The character is a morally dubious Roman Catholic priest exiled to Craggy Island, a small island off the coast of Galway.
"Are You Right There Father Ted?"
 is the first episode of the third series of the Channel 4 television sitcom "Father Ted", and the 18th episode overall.
 It is notable for being the first episode aired after the death of Dermot Morgan, who had died the day after filming for the final episode had been completed.
 As a mark of respect to Morgan, the original transmission of the first episode was delayed by a week.
