Letters to Olga ("Czech:Dopisy Olze") is a book of compiled letters written by Czech playwright, dissident, and future president, Václav Havel to his wife Olga Havlová during his nearly four-year imprisonment from May 1979 to March 1983.
 (Havel was released when he came down with a high fever and received a medical discharge).
 Havel was imprisoned by the communist regime of then Czechoslovakia for being one of the leaders of The Committee for the Defense of the Unjustly Prosecuted (VONS) - most of whom had been signatories of the human rights document Charter 77.
Center for Civic Freedoms (Czech: "Centrum pro občanské svobody" ) is a think-tank founded by Václav Klaus Jr. in January 2017, focused on civil liberties, economic issues, and education.
 Klaus said that his aim is for the institute to compete with the Václav Havel Library.
Ela, Hela, and the Hitch is a play by Václav Havel.
 The play was written for the Artistic Director of the Theatre on the Balustrade, Ivan Vyskočil, as part of a longer evening, entitled "Hitchhiking".
 Along with "Ela, Hela, and the Hitch", Havel also wrote a sketch called "Motormorphosis".
 Reportedly, Vyskočil altered Havel’s sketches for the performance, though the original text was discovered by a Czech theater scholar, Lenka Jungmannová.
 "Motormorphosis", in a translation by Carol Rocamora, was performed at the Havel Festival in 2006, a world premiere of the text as written.
 "Ela, Hela, and the Hitch" premiered in an English translation by Edward Einhorn following a revival of "Motormorphosis" at New York’s Bohemian National Hall in 2011.
Lucerna Music Bar is a concert club housed within the Lucerna Palace, located on a hallway or "passage" that connects Vodičkova and Štěpánská streets near historic Wenceslas Square, in the New Town (Nové mesto) area of Prague in the Czech Republic.
 The name Lucerna means "lantern" in Czech.
 Lucerna Palace is an Art Nouveau building built by former President Václav Havel's family.
 The Lucerna Music Bar is one of the venues within Lucerna Palace involved in the Prague International Jazz Festival and the AghaRTA Prague Jazz Festival.
 It was used for the Václav Havel Tribute Concert, held in Václav Havel's honor, upon his death in 2011.
 The Lucerna Music Bar is similar in size to Washington, DC's , Cleveland's Agora Theatre and Ballroom, Philadelphia's Trocadero Theatre, or Baltimore's Rams Head Live!
, however the selection of artists is more international.
 The Lucera Music Bar has played a role in giving exposure to many bands from the Czech Republic and around the world.
The 1993 Czech presidential election was held on 26 January 1993 to elect the first President of independent Czech Republic.
 The first election was done indirectly by the members of the Czech Republic Parliament.
 Václav Havel was elected President.
 The election was complicated only by attacks of Republicans against Havel and by bomb threat to the Parliament.
The Pig, or Václav Havel's Hunt for a Pig is the final work by Václav Havel, co-authored by Vladimír Morávek.
 The English translation is by Edward Einhorn .
 Originally a short dialogue from 1987 (entitled simply "The Pig") and printed in a samizdat, the piece is a comic (and true) story of Václav Havel’s efforts to hold a pig roast for his friends.
The Vaněk plays are a set of plays to which the character Ferdinand Vaněk is central.
 Vaněk first appeared in the play "Audience" by Václav Havel.
 He subsequently appeared in three other plays by Havel ("Protest", "Unveiling", and "Dozens of Cousins"), as well as plays by his friends and colleagues, including Pavel Landovský and Tom Stoppard.
Havel's Place is a public art project, which creates a series of memorial places dedicated to the last president of Czechoslovakia and the first president of the Czech Republic, Václav Havel.
 The places consist of two garden chairs around a round table, usually with a tree going through its middle.
Tribute to Václav Havel (Czech: Pocta Václavu Havlovi) was an event held in memory of Václav Havel, the last Czechoslovak and the first Czech President, writer, playwright and human rights activist.
 The concert took place in Lucerna Music Bar in Prague on 23 December 2011.
 Václav Havel died on Sunday 18 December 2011 at 10:15 a.m.
The Václav Havel Human Rights Prize is an annual €60,000 award established in 2013 by the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, the Václav Havel Library and the Charta 77 Foundation, to honour "outstanding" civil society action in defence of human rights, in Europe and beyond.
