Fabián Andrés Rinaudo (born 15 May 1987 in Armstrong, Santa Fe) is an Argentinian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Gimnasia on loan from Italian club Catania.
 Rinaudo also holds an Italian passport, and sometimes plays with his nickname, "Fito", on his shirt.
Emanuel Perrone (born 14 June 1983 in Río Cuarto, Córdoba) is an Argentine footballer who plays for AEL in the Greek Superleague, as a Striker.
 Holder of Italian passport.
Diego Rubén Tonetto (born 5 December 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba as a left winger.
 He also holds an Italian passport.
Sergio Raul Torres (born 11 July 1981) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Eastbourne Borough in National League South.
 He holds an Italian passport, since his grandmother was Italian.
 He has previously played in his Argentinian homeland as well as in the football league for Wycombe Wanderers, Peterborough United and Crawley Town.
Visa requirements for Italian citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Italy.
 As of 1 January 2017, Italian citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 174 countries and territories, ranking the Italian passport 3rd in terms of travel freedom (tied with American, Danish, Finnish and Spanish passports) according to the Henley visa restrictions index.
 Additionally, the World Tourism Organization also published a report on 15 January 2016 ranking the Italian passport 1st in the world (tied with Denmark, Finland, Germany, Luxembourg, Singapore and the United Kingdom) in terms of travel freedom, with the mobility index of 160 (out of 215 with no visa weighted by 1, visa on arrival weighted by 0.7, eVisa by 0.5 and traditional visa weighted by 0).
Julio Eduardo Mázzaro (born 30 January 1979 in Villa Regina, Río Negro) is an Argentine professional basketball player.
 He also holds an Italian passport.
 He's 190 cm.
 tall.
 He currently plays with Quimsa in Argentina.
Diego Douglas Balbinot (born 7 January 1984) is a retired Brazilian footballer with Italian Passport.
 He played as a defender.
Michael Anthony Rosati (born January 7, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian-born Italian professional ice hockey player.
 Rosati became the third Italian player to play in a game in the NHL after earning an Italian passport and playing for Italy, after Bob Manno and Roberto Romano.
Jesús Valeriano Nchama Oyono (born 18 June 1995), known as Valeriano, is an Equatoguinean football midfielder, who plays for Nibbiano in the Italian Eccellenza Emilia-Romagna.
 He also holds Italian passport.
Deyvid Franck Silva Sacconi or simply Deyvid Sacconi (born April 10, 1987 in Alfenas), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who plays for São Caetano in the Paulista A2.
 Due to his Italian ancestry he holds an Italian passport.
