Salakos (Greek: Σάλακος) is a village of 350 people on the west side of Rhodes Island.
 It is 40 km from the capital Rhodes town and 7km from the North West coast.
 The village is located on the hills of Mount Prophitis Ilias.
 Inhabitants are mainly employed in farming, livestock rearing and tourism.
 The village is located next to a natural spring named Nymph, which is a mythological deity that protected the spring.
 There is one tourist hotel in the village (ironically also named Nymph), and several restaurants that cater to passing foreign tourist trade and in the summer months many people work in tourist hotels elsewhere.
 The village is famous for its walnuts, numerous sightseeing walks and its stone-paved and shady square, with fresh spring running water and fig trees.
In 1870, Vanderbilt had 150 inhabitants, two boarding houses and two saloons, although 300 miners were employed in the mining district in those times.
 When Eureka had begun to boom, many people of Vandelbilt had moved there.
 In 1872 a disaster has occurred in Vanderbilt: a fire destroyed the mill.
 In 1880, only 25 people lived in Vanderbilt, in 1885 the post office was closed and the few active mines had closed by 1887.
 Now, the only vestiges of the town are mill ruins.
 Because the road to Vanderbilt is very treacherous, is very dangerous to reach the place.
The Larkin Company, also known as the Larkin Soap Company, was a company founded in 1875 in Buffalo, New York as a small soap factory.
 It grew tremendously throughout the late 1800s and into the first quarter of the 1900s with an approach called "The Larkin Idea" that transformed the company into a mail-order conglomerate that employed 4,000 people and had annual sales of $28.6 million ( ) in 1920.
 The company's success allowed them to hire Frank Lloyd Wright to design the iconic Larkin Administration Building which stood as a symbol of Larkin prosperity until the company's demise in the 1940s.
Bill Allen (04/06/37) is the former CEO of the Alaska oilfield services company VECO Corporation.
 VECO was an Alaska-based oil pipeline service and construction company founded by Wayne Veltri (VECO is short for Veltri Co).
 Bill Allen was born in New Mexico and at the age of 16 left for the oil fields of Alaska to become a welder to help support his family.
 VECO began as a one truck welding and repair operation that grew to become a major player in the Alaskan and worldwide oil industries' support services business.
 He built a for-profit prison in Barbados as well.
 VECO also was a worldwide player in the oil industry, having divisions in many major oil markets, including the Sudan, Russia, Mexico, Venezuela and Syria.
 VECO had a major impact on the economy of Alaska and employed over 5,000 people worldwide.
Matsari (मत्सरी) is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
 It is one of the highly famous village of Maithil Brahmins (e.g. Jha, Mishra) in Nepal.
 The village takes its name from "MATSA" which means "Fish".
 At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3157 people living in 564 individual households.
 The literacy of this village is higher than any of the others in the country.
 The village is situated at the bank of Bagmati river.
 It lies around 8km(~5 miles) north of the district headquarters Gaur.
 Most of the people of the village are employed in the "Government Service" of Nepal.
"Durga-puja" of "Dashara" is very famous here, many people from various villages show up to observe the festival.
 Bhojpuri/Bajika/Maithili are the languages spoken in the village.
Aussenkehr (German: "Outer bend" , referring to the flow of the Orange at this location) is a farm on the banks of the Orange River in the south of Namibia hard on the border with South Africa.
 Aussenkehr falls within the Karasburg Constituency of the ǁKaras Region and is situated 24 km downstream (northwest) of Noordoewer.
 Aussenkehr was established as a farm in 1910 when an Imperial German investment corporation acquired the land and started several irrigation projects.
 Over time, Aussenkehr has evolved into a large settlement accommodating workers employed nearby.
 Estimations of how many people live here vary between 7,000 and almost 30,000.
Cork City Ballet is an Irish ballet company founded by Alan Foley, a disciple of Joan Denise Moriarty, in 1992.
 It is one of two professional ballet companies in Ireland.
 Cork City Ballet annually performs at Cork Opera House, most recently with a production of Giselle.
 It has toured venues such as Wexford Opera House, The Helix Tralee's Siamsa Tire and University Concert Hall, Limerick.
 Cork City Ballet is known for working with an array of guest artists from companies such as Royal Swedish Ballet and Kirov Ballet.
 In 2012, Cork City Ballet commemorated the centenary of the birth of Joan Denise Moriarty, the founder of Irish Theatre Ballet, Ireland's first professional ballet company.
The Federal Music Project (FMP), part of the Federal government of the United States New Deal program Federal Project Number One, employed musicians, conductors and composers during the Great Depression.
 In addition to performing thousands of concerts, offering music classes, organizing the Composers Forum Laboratory, hosting music festivals and creating 34 new orchestras, employees of the FMP researched American traditional music and folk songs, a practice now called ethnomusicology.
 In the latter domain the Federal Music Project did notable studies on cowboy, Creole, and what was then termed Negro music.
 During the Great Depression, many people visited these symphonies to forget about the economic hardship of the time.
 In 1939, the FMP transitioned to the Works Progress Administration's Music Program, which along with many other WPA projects, was phased out in the midst of World War II.
Denise Coates CBE (born 26 September 1967) is an English businesswoman, founder and joint chief executive of online gambling company Bet365.
 She has been listed in the "Forbes" magazine’s rich list, with an estimated personal fortune of $4.1 billion (approximately £3.17 billion).
The Other Side of Immigration is a 2010 documentary film directed by Roy Germano that explores why so many people leave the Mexican countryside to work in the United States and what happens to the families and communities they leave behind.
 The film is based on Germano’s interviews with over 700 households in Mexico, which he carried out while doing Ph.D. research on remittances at the University of Texas at Austin.
 "The Other Side of Immigration" is distributed by Team Love Records, a company founded by musician Conor Oberst.
