On Your Radar is the third studio album by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays.
 The album was released 21 November 2011 under Fascination Records.
 The album was recorded in Los Angeles and London.
 Steve Mac, who has been instrumental in the production of the band's previous albums, serves as a major collaborator.
 Additional producers and songwriters include Lucas Secon, Taio Cruz, Labrinth, Tracklacers, Space Cowboy, Brian Higgins and Lucie Silvas.
Higher is the second studio album by the five-piece British-Irish doo-wop boy band The Overtones.
 The album was released on October 1, 2012 in the UK via Rhino Entertainment.
 The album was preceded by the release of the lead single, "Loving the Sound".
 The band worked with a number of well-known producers on the album, including Trevor Horn, Walter Afanasieff and Steve Robson, as well as production team Future Cut, who produced most of the original tracks on the album.
Mads Langer (born 1984) is a Danish singer-songwriter, who became internationally known for his cover of "You're Not Alone" by the British band Olive.
 While the song is cheerful, his own songs are frequently typified as emotional guitar ballads, because many of them are in a minor scale and have a melancholic feel to them.
 He has explained that even when he tries to write an uplifting song, it often ends up being a sad song, even though he does consider himself to be an optimist rather than an emotional person and says about himself that he is not that sensitive but rather a very tough guy.
 Langer also writes more powerful songs and performs various songs on piano.
 His third studio album "Behold" was released on 9 May 2011.
Take Me Home is the second studio album by British-Irish group One Direction, released on 9 November 2012 by Syco Music and Columbia Records.
 As a follow-up to One Direction's internationally successful debut album "Up All Night" (2011), "Take Me Home" was written in groups and has an average of just under five songwriters per track.
 Largely recorded and composed in Sweden during 2012, Savan Kotecha, Rami Yacoub and Carl Falk, who composed One Direction's hits, "What Makes You Beautiful" and "One Thing", spent six months in Stockholm developing songs for the album, and were able to shape melodies around the members' tones.
Good Ol' Fashioned Love is the debut studio album by British-Irish doo-wop boy band The Overtones.
 The album was released on November 1, 2010 in the UK by Rhino Entertainment.
 The album was subsequently re-released on March 8, 2011 containing a number of new tracks.
 The album peaked at number 4 on the UK Albums Chart and number 14 on the Irish Albums Chart.
 The album was released in Germany and Austria on 23 March 2012, renamed Gambling Man.
"Birthday" is a disco song recorded by American singer Katy Perry for her fourth studio album, "Prism" (2013).
 She co-wrote the song with Bonnie McKee and its producers Dr. Luke, Max Martin, and Cirkut.
 Critics, as well as Perry herself, have compared the track to the music of Prince and Mariah Carey.
 Through double entendres in the lyrics of "Birthday", Perry makes sexual references while celebrating a partner's birthday.
 Capitol Records sent the track to mainstream and rhythmic radio on April 21, 2014 as the album's fourth single.
The Wanted is the self-titled debut studio album by British-Irish boy band The Wanted, released on 22 October 2010 through Geffen Records.
 The majority of the album was written by members of the band, with help from songwriters Steve Mac, Wayne Hector, Ed Drewett, Lucas Secon, Lukas Hilbert and Alexander Kronlund.
 The album was available in multiple editions, including a deluxe edition exclusive to Tesco, which contained two bonus remixes and two videos, and individual band member editions, exclusive to HMV, which featured a bonus slipcase and liner notes related to the respective band member.
 The album debuted at number four on the UK Albums Chart, and at number eleven in Ireland.
 The album produced three singles which attained UK chart success, including the number-one single "All Time Low".
" Midnight Memories" is the third studio album by British-Irish boy band One Direction, released on 25 November 2013 by Columbia Records, Syco Music and Sony Music.
 The album was described as having a "slightly rockier tone" than their previous efforts.
 It has become the fastest-selling album in Amazon UK's history, breaking the record set by One Direction's previous release, "Take Me Home" (2012).
 The album debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200, making One Direction the first group in history to debut at number one in the US with their first three albums.
 The album was preceded by the release of the singles "Best Song Ever" and "Story of My Life".
Optimist In Black is the first studio album of British-Irish heiress Daphne Guinness.
 It was released on May 27, 2016 by Agent Anonyme.
The Optimist is the second studio album by English electronic music band New Young Pony Club, released on 5 March 2010 on the band's label The Numbers, distributed by the PIAS Entertainment Group.
 The album showcases a darker, more emotive sound for the band.
 The songs "Oh Cherie" and "Lost a Girl" were used, respectively, in the third and fourth episodes of the fourth season of "Gossip Girl".
