Thomas Robert "Tom" Kitt (born February 28, 1974) is an American composer, conductor, orchestrator and musician.
 For his score for the musical "Next to Normal", he shared the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Drama with Brian Yorkey.
 He also won the Tony Award and 2008 Outer Critics Circle Award, and was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for "American Idiot" and "Everyday Rapture".
Paulo Szot ( ; born July 7, 1969 ) is a Brazilian operatic baritone singer and actor.
 He made his opera debut in 1997 and his international career has included performances with the Metropolitan Opera.
 In 2008, he made his Broadway debut as Emile De Becque in a revival of "South Pacific", and for his performance in this musical he won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical, the Drama Desk Award, the Outer Critics Circle Award, the Theatre World Award.
 In 2012 he was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award for best actor in a musical, and in 2014 was nominated for the MAC Award for best Celebrity Artist becoming the first Brazilian to receive such honors.
Nick Cordero is a Canadian actor.
 He appeared on Broadway in 2014 in the musical "Bullets Over Broadway" in the role of Cheech, for which he was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical.
 He won the Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical and a Theater World Award for the role.
 He originated the title role in the Off-Broadway production of "The Toxic Avenger".
 He also played the role of Dennis in "Rock of Ages" on Broadway in 2012 and on tour.
 In March 2016, he joined the Broadway production of "Waitress", playing the role of Earl.
 He left "Waitress" to join the Broadway premier of the musical "A Bronx Tale", as "Sonny" at the Longacre Theatre starting on November 3, 2016.
Victoria Clark (born October 10, 1959) is an American musical theatre singer and actress.
 Clark has performed in numerous Broadway musicals and in other theatre, film and television works.
 Her soprano voice can also be heard on innumerable cast albums and several animated films.
 In 2008, she released her first solo album titled "Fifteen Seconds of Grace".
 In 2005, she won a Tony Award for Best Leading Actress in a Musical for her role in "The Light in the Piazza".
 She also won the Drama Desk Award, Outer Critics Circle Award, and the Joseph Jefferson Award for her performances in the same show.
John Bernard "Jack" Hofsiss (September 28, 1950 – September 13, 2016) was an American theatre, film, and television director.
 He received a Tony Award for his direction of "The Elephant Man" on Broadway, the youngest director to have ever received it at the time.
 The production also garnered him a Drama Desk Award, Outer Critics Circle Award, Obie Award, and New York Drama Critics Circle Award.
 Director of Family Secrets in the year 1984; starring Melissa Gilbert, James Spader, Stefanie Powers, and Maureen Stapleton.
Marin Joy Mazzie (born October 9, 1960) is an American actress and singer known for her work in musical theater.
 She was nominated for the Tony Award, Drama Desk Award and Olivier Award for her role as Lilli/Katharine in "Kiss Me, Kate", and won the Outer Critics Circle Award.
 In addition to appearing in many musical stage productions, Mazzie also performs in concert with her husband, Jason Danieley.
Laura Ilene Benanti (born Laura Ilene Vidnovic; July 15, 1979) is an American actress and singer.
 She played Louise in the 2008 Broadway revival of "Gypsy", winning the Tony Award, and appeared in the stage musical "Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" in 2010, winning the Drama Desk Award and Outer Critics Circle Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.
 She played Baroness Elsa Schräder in the 2013 NBC television production of "The Sound of Music Live!
" and in 2015 began playing twin sisters Alura and Astra in the TV series "Supergirl".
 Beginning in 2017, Benanti appears as Edie in the TBS comedy "The Detour".
Tonya Pinkins (born May 30, 1962) is an American television, film and theater actress and author known for her portrayal of Livia Frye on the soap opera "All My Children" and for her roles on Broadway.
 She has been nominated for three Tony Awards, and has won the Obie, 2 Lortel Awards, the Drama Desk, Outer Critics Circle, AUDLECO, Garland, L.A. Drama Critics Circle Award, Clarence Derwent and NAACP Theater Awards.
 She has been nominated for the Olivier, Helen Hayes, Noel, Joseph Jefferson, NAACP Image, Soap Opera Digest and Ovation awards.
 She won the Tony for "Jelly's Last Jam".
Lynn Ahrens (born October 1, 1948) is an American writer and lyricist for the musical theatre, television and film.
 She has collaborated with Stephen Flaherty for many years.
 She won the Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, and Outer Critics Circle Award for the Broadway musical "Ragtime".
 Together with Flaherty, they have written many musicals, including "Lucky Stiff", "Once on This Island", "My Favorite Year", "Ragtime", "Seussical", "A Man of No Importance", "Dessa Rose", "The Glorious Ones", and most recently seen on Broadway, "Rocky the Musical".
Bradley Darryl "BD" Wong (born October 24, 1960) is an American actor.
 Wong won a Tony Award for his performance as Song Liling in "M. Butterfly", becoming the only actor in Broadway history to receive the Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, Outer Critics Circle Award, Clarence Derwent Award, and Theatre World Award for the same role.
 He has since gained more notability for playing the roles on "", Father Ray Mukada on "Oz", Dr. John Lee on "Awake", Dr. Henry Wu in the first "Jurassic Park" film as well as the fourth entry, "Jurassic World", and Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme in the film "Seven Years in Tibet".
 As of August 13, 2017, Wong is the host of the new HLN medical documentary series "Something's Killing Me With BD Wong".
