BattleCards was marketed as a trading card game and published in 1993 by Merlin Publishing.
 The game features a unique "Scratch and Slay" system created by Steve Jackson.
 The cards come in 10 card booster packs which include warrior cards, spell cards, advanced combat cards, quest cards, and treasure cards.
 The game was published in both the UK and the United States with a number of differences between the two releases.
 Since the game is not played with a deck, and there is no collectibility involved (once the cards are scratched off they're worthless), this game does not strictly qualify as a collectible card game.
 Darwin Bromley of Mayfair Games noted that when shuffled the scratch-offs would crack, and once scratched off "you had to either play the game or collect it."
 "You couldn't have your cake and eat it too."
Swipe it!
 Take what's yours... is a card game developed by American creator Earl Johnson III of Los Angeles, California, and was published on December 20, 2014 by EJ3Games, a gaming company also founded by Johnson.
 The game's name refers to the fact that players in the game are trying to "Swipe" or steal as many cards from each other as possible.
 It is recognized by Boardgamegeek as a "party and family" card game.
Anything's Wild is a video poker game that allows the player to select any card (by rank) to act as the "wild card".
 The game is a variation of Deuces Wild and is based on five card draw where the player is dealt a five card hand.
 The player can then choose which cards to keep or discard and is dealt new cards accordingly.
 The payoff is based on the value of the hand.
 The "wild card" is announced before the hand is dealt and can be substituted for any card in the deck according to what is most beneficial to the player's hand.
 Since the game uses a standard deck, there are always four "wild cards" in play.
 This allows the player greater flexibility in building a winning hand.
Community card poker refers to any game of poker that uses community cards (also called "shared cards" or "window cards"), which are cards dealt face up in the center of the table and shared by all players.
 In these games, each player is dealt privately an incomplete hand ("hole cards"), which are then combined with the community cards to make a complete hand.
 The set of community cards is called the "board", and may be dealt in a simple line or arranged in a special pattern.
 Rules of each game determine how they may be combined with each player's private hand.
 The most popular community card game today is Texas hold 'em, originating sometime in the 1920s.
Texas hold 'em (also known as Texas holdem, hold 'em, and holdem) is a variation of the card game of poker.
 Two cards, known as the hole cards, are dealt face down to each player, and then five community cards are dealt face up in three stages.
 The stages consist of a series of three cards ("the flop"), later an additional single card ("the turn" or "fourth street"), and a final card ("the river" or "fifth street").
 Each player seeks the best five card poker hand from any combination of the seven cards of the five community cards and their own two hole cards.
 (If a player's best five-card poker hand consists only of the five community cards and none of the player's hole cards, it is called "playing the board".
 If you play the board on the river, then you can do no better than tie the other player(s) in the game if no player can make a better hand than the board represents, using either or both hole cards.)
 Players have betting options to check, call, raise, or fold.
 Rounds of betting take place before the flop is dealt and after each subsequent deal.
Star Wars: Customizable Card Game (SW:CCG) is a customizable card game based on the "Star Wars" fictional universe.
 It was created by Decipher, Inc., which also produced the "Star Trek Customizable Card Game" and "The Lord of the Rings Trading Card Game".
 The game was produced from December 1995 until December 2001.
 Operation and oversight of the game was then taken over by a Decipher created volunteer group called the Star Wars Customizable Card Game Players Committee.
 To date, the Players Committee, or PC, still runs the game and creates new cards known as "virtual cards" that are released online in PDF format, and can then be printed and played with.
 "SW:CCG" can also be played online: Holotable.com is the official Player Committee platform.
In the poker game of Texas hold 'em, a starting hand consists of two "hole cards", which belong solely to the player and remain hidden from the other players.
 Five community cards are also dealt into play.
 Betting begins before any of the community cards are exposed, and continues throughout the hand.
 The player's "playing hand", which will be compared against that of each competing player, is the best 5-card poker hand available from his two hole cards and the five community cards.
 Unless otherwise specified, here the term "hand" applies to the player's two hole cards, or "starting hand".
Asia Poker is a casino table game similar to Pai gow poker that is now popular in most Atlantic City, New Jersey casinos.
 Players are dealt seven cards and divide their cards into three hands: a four-card hand (High), a two-card hand (Medium) and a one-card hand (Low).
 The four-card hand must be equal or greater in poker ranking than the two-card hand and the two-card hand must be equal or greater than the one-card hand.
 After all players have set their hand, the dealer sets the house's hand according to the "house way" and then compares each player's hand to the house's hand.
 If the house wins at least two out of three hands, the player loses.
 If the player wins at least two or out of three hands the player wins.
 Unlike Pai gow poker, the casino does not charge a 5% vigorish for winning wagers.
 Rather, the house edge comes from winning all "copy hands" (a player's hand that is identical to the house's hand).
 Also, unlike Pai gow poker there are no ties in this game; the player either wins or loses.
 The House edge figures to be around 3% based on the probability of the player having a losing copy hand.
Muck in gambling has multiple meanings.
 In poker, it most often refers to the pile of discarded cards into which players may throw their folded hands, and into which the dealer may place burned cards.
 It may also refer to the action of throwing a hand into the muck.
 When a player is folding his hand (face down) without saying anything, in fact the hand is not folded until it reaches the muck (it can be taken back and used if the dealer did not take the hand yet).
 The practice of mucking cards when discarding helps to ensure that no other player can reliably determine which cards were in the folded hand.
 In poker, the term may also refer to the action that a player who has not folded may take; he can have his hand "mucked" if another player attempts to discard but one or more cards end up in the live players hand.
 This is why many players will place a chip or other object on their cards: it helps to prevent errant cards from entering their hand.
 Sometimes they are referred to as card covers, card guards or card protector.
Pyramid poker is a simplified version of pai gow poker, where instead of seven cards, three cards are dealt face down.
 It uses a standard 52-card deck without jokers.
 The hand rankings are just like in poker except that aces are always high.
 The dealer deals the player and himself 3 cards, which is arranged into a 2 card hand and a 1 card hand which should be smaller than the 2-card hand.
 There are no straights or flushes in the 2-card hand, and a higher ranked hand wins in both the hands.
