TV Everywhere (also known as authenticated streaming or authenticated video on-demand) refers to a business model wherein access to streaming video content from a television channel requires users to "authenticate" themselves as current subscribers to the channel, via an account provided by their participating pay television provider, in order to access the content.
A cheque guarantee card was essentially an abbreviated portable letter of credit granted by a bank to a qualified depositor in the form of a plastic card that was used in conjunction with a cheque.
 This allowed retailers to accept cheques and providing that the retailer wrote the card number on the back of the cheque, it was signed in the retailer's presence, and the retailer verified the signature on the cheque against the signature on the card, then the cheque could not be stopped and payment could not be refused by the bank.
 This arrangement worked only for cheques drawn on an account provided by the bank that issued the card and could result in an overdraft with penalty interest.
Charles Ogier de Batz de Castelmore, Comte d'Artagnan (] ) ( 1611 – 25 June 1673) served Louis XIV as captain of the Musketeers of the Guard and died at the Siege of Maastricht in the Franco-Dutch War.
 A fictionalized account of his life by Gatien de Courtilz de Sandras formed the basis for the d'Artagnan Romances of Alexandre Dumas, most famously including "The Three Musketeers" (1844).
 The heavily fictionalized version of d'Artagnan featured in Dumas' works and their subsequent screen adaptations is now far more widely known than the real historical figure.
Pride of Baghdad is a graphic novel written by Brian K. Vaughan and illustrated by Niko Henrichon released by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint on September 13, 2006.
 The story is a fictionalized account of the true story of four African lions that escaped from the Baghdad Zoo after an American bombing in 2003.
 The book won the IGN award for best original graphic novel in 2006.
The Invention of Everything Else is a novel written by American author Samantha Hunt, published in 2008.
 The novel presents a fictionalized account of the last days in the life of Nikola Tesla, the Serbian-American electrical engineer.
 Other fictionalized versions of historical characters include Thomas Edison (a rival), George Westinghouse, and Mark Twain.
 Tesla is the novel's protagonist along with a chambermaid named Louisa with whom he shares some common interests including science and pigeons.
 Much of the book takes place in the New Yorker Hotel.
 The book also includes elements of science fiction, namely time travel.
Field of Chaos is a compilation of two novella works written by Tom Barbalet in 1993.
 The first novella deals with a fictionalized account of Barbalet's experiences writing anti computer virus software for the Australian government.
 This anti-viral software was the basis of Barbalet's Noble Ape cognitive simulation.
 The second novella is a non-fiction account of Barbalet's experiences in a revolutionary commune in Elands in northern New South Wales.
The Ghost and the Darkness is a 1996 American historical adventure film directed by Stephen Hopkins and starring Val Kilmer and Michael Douglas.
 The screenplay was written by William Goldman.
 The story is a fictionalized account of the Tsavo Man-Eaters, two lions that attacked and killed workers at Tsavo, Kenya, during the building of the Uganda-Mombasa Railway in East Africa in 1898.
Jammers Minde (literally A Memory of Lament), translated into English as Memoirs of Leonora Christina, is an autobiography completed in 1674 by Leonora Christina, daughter of Christian IV of Denmark and Kirsten Munk.
 The work, first published in 1869, is included in the Danish Culture Canon.
 It is considered to be the finest piece of prose work written in 17th-century Denmark.
 It relates a partly fictionalized account of Christina's time during captivity, with a detailed personal account of prison life, often drawing upon biblical references and black humour, and contrasting the comical with the macabre.
 Radical for its period in its personal account, it is considered an existential religious writing.
"Shadowland: Search for Frances Farmer" is a 1978 biographical novel by William Arnold, ostensibly about the life of actress Frances Farmer.
 The book is a fictionalized account which was further distorted when adapted as the film "Frances" in 1982.
 Arnold sued for copyright infringement, claiming the film's screenplay writers appropriated several of his "fictionalized" elements, but eventually lost.
Hawk's Nest is a novel written by West Virginia author Hubert Skidmore, published in 1941.
 A fictionalized account of one of America's greatest industrial disasters, it is an account of the Hawks Nest Tunnel Disaster in which hundreds or thousands of men were sickened and died as a result of silicosis they contracted while digging the tunnel under unsafe conditions.
 The novel follows the lives of many representative characters as their health begins to fail, and as their health complaints are ignored by Union Carbide, the contractor which dug the tunnel and installed the hydroelectric plant.
