Gregory James Campbell (born December 17, 1983) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre and current developmental coach for the Columbus Blue Jackets.
 He was drafted by the Florida Panthers in the third round, 67th overall, in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
 Campbell is the son of former NHLer and current NHL Director of Hockey Operations Colin Campbell.
Henry Colin Campbell (died April 18, 1930), aka The Torch Murderer, was executed by the State of New Jersey for the murder of Mildred Mowry, whom he met through a personal ad placed with a "matrimonial agency."
 A career criminal and bigamist whose previous crimes were non-violent, Campbell married Mowry in 1929 despite having another wife.
 Six months after marrying Mowry, Campbell murdered her to collect on a $1,000 investment she owned and burned her corpse.
The China Study is a book by T. Colin Campbell, Jacob Gould Schurman Professor Emeritus of Nutritional Biochemistry at Cornell University, and his son Thomas M. Campbell II, a physician.
 It was first published in the United States in January 2005 and had sold over one million copies as of October 2013, making it one of America's best-selling books about nutrition.
Major-General Sir Guy Campbell, 1st Baronet, CB (22 January 1786 – 26 January 1849) was a British Army officer, the eldest son of Lieutenant-General Colin Campbell and his wife Mary, daughter of Guy Johnson (or Johnstone).
 His branch of the Campbell baronets is referred to as St Cross Mede.
Gertrude Elizabeth, Lady Colin Campbell ("née" Blood; 3 May 1857 – 1 November 1911) was an Irish-born journalist, author, playwright, and editor.
 She was married to Lord Colin Campbell, a brother-in-law of Princess Louise, Queen Victoria's fourth daughter.
Sir Colin Campbell of Lundie, 1st Baronet (died c. 1650) was a Scottish noble.
 He was the son of Colin Campbell of Lundie, who was youngest son of Colin Campbell, 6th Earl of Argyll.
 Sir Colin was created a baronet in 1627.
Colin Campbell, 1st Earl of Argyll (died 10 May 1493) was a medieval Scottish nobleman, peer, and politician.
 He was the son of Archibald Campbell, Master of Campbell, and Elizabeth Somerville.
 He had the sobriquet Colin Mulle, Bold Earl Colin.
Ranald MacDonald of Smerby was a son of James MacDonald, 6th of Dunnyveg and Agnes Campbell, daughter of Colin Campbell, 3rd Earl of Argyll.
 He was granted Smerby Castle from his father.
 He was a hostage for the good behaviour of his family together with his nephew James held by Sir Lachlan Mor Maclean.
 He was in charge of the garrison of troops within Loch Gorm Castle and surrendered the castle to Sir John Campbell of Cawdor on 28 January 1615.
 Ranald died in 1616, and was buried at Saddell Abbey.
Leonara Elizabeth Grant {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (3 August 1931 – 22 July 2016), known professionally as Lee Grant or Miss Lee Grant, was an English-born New Zealand actress and singer.
Staying Together is a 1989 American comedy-drama film directed by Lee Grant and produced by Joseph Feury (Grant's husband) and Milton Justice.
 The film stars Sean Astin, Stockard Channing, Melinda Dillon, Levon Helm (of The Band), Dermot Mulroney, Tim Quill, and Daphne Zuniga.
 Grant's daughter, Dinah Manoff appears briefly making this the only film project (excluding TV Movies) to involve Grant, Feury and Manoff.
