Derived algebraic geometry (also called spectral algebraic geometry) is a branch of mathematics that generalizes algebraic geometry to a situation where commutative rings, which provide a local chart, are replaced by ring spectra in algebraic topology, whose higher homotopy accounts for the non-discreteness (e.g., Tor) of the structure sheaf.
 Grothendieck's scheme theory allows the structure sheaf to carry nilpotent elements. Derived algebraic geometry can be thought of as an extension of this, and provides natural settings for intersection theory (or motivic homotopy theory) of singular algebraic varieties and cotangent complexes in deformation theory (cf. F. Francis).
In probability theory, Kolmogorov's Three-Series Theorem, named after Andrey Kolmogorov, gives a criterion for the almost sure convergence of an infinite series of random variables in terms of the convergence of three different series involving properties of their probability distributions. Kolmogorov's three-series theorem, combined with Kronecker's lemma, can be used to give a relatively easy proof of the Strong Law of Large Numbers.
In probability theory, Kolmogorov's inequality is a so-called "maximal inequality" that gives a bound on the probability that the partial sums of a finite collection of independent random variables exceed some specified bound.
 The inequality is named after the Russian mathematician Andrey Kolmogorov.
In probability theory, Kolmogorov's criterion, named after Andrey Kolmogorov, is a theorem giving a necessary and sufficient condition for a Markov chain or continuous-time Markov chain to be stochastically identical to its time-reversed version.
In probability theory, the Borel–Kolmogorov paradox (sometimes known as Borel's paradox) is a paradox relating to conditional probability with respect to an event of probability zero (also known as a null set).
 It is named after Émile Borel and Andrey Kolmogorov.
Nicolae Popescu, Ph.D., D.Phil.
 (] ; 22 September 1937 – 29 July 2010) was a Romanian mathematician and Emeritus Professor.
 Popescu was elected a Member of the Romanian Academy in 1992.
 He is best known for his contributions to Algebra and the theory of Abelian categories.
 Since 1964 and until 2007 he collaborated on the characterization of abelian categories with the well-known French mathematician Pierre Gabriel.
 His areas of expertise were: Category theory, Abelian categories with Applications to Rings and Modules, adjoint functors, limits/colimits, Theory of Sheaves, Theory of Rings, Fields and Polynomials, and Valuation Theory; he also had interests and published in the following areas: Algebraic Topology, Algebraic Geometry, Commutative Algebra, K-Theory, Class-Field theory, and Algebraic Function Theory.
 He published between 1962 and 2008 more than 102 papers in peer-reviewed, mathematics journals, several monographs on the theory of sheaves, and also six books on abelian category theory and abstract algebra.
 In a Grothendieck-like, energetic style, he initiated and provided scientific leadership to several seminars on category theory, sheaves and abstract algebra which resulted in a continuous stream of high-quality mathematical publications in international, peer-reviewed mathematics journals by several members participating in his Seminar series.
 His book "Abelian Categories with Applications to Rings and Modules" continues to provide valuable information to mathematicians around the world.
 His latest contributions have also branched into valuation and number theory.
 He has published over 110 original, peer-reviewed articles in mathematics, mostly in category theory, algebraic geometry, and Galois and number theory.
In mathematics, specifically in the theory of Markovian stochastic processes in probability theory, the Chapman–Kolmogorov equation is an identity relating the joint probability distributions of different sets of coordinates on a stochastic process.
 The equation was derived independently by both the British mathematician Sydney Chapman and the Russian mathematician Andrey Kolmogorov.
Askold Georgievich Khovanskii (Russian: Аскольд Георгиевич Хованский ; born 3 June 1947, Moscow) is a Russian and Canadian mathematician currently a professor of mathematics at the University of Toronto, Canada.
 His areas of research are algebraic geometry, commutative algebra, singularity theory, differential geometry and differential equations. His research is in the development of the theory of toric varieties and Newton polyhedra in algebraic geometry.
 He is also the inventor of the theory of fewnomials.
In Kolmogorov's probability theory, the probability "P" of some event "E", denoted formula_1, is usually defined such that "P" satisfies the Kolmogorov axioms, named after the Russian mathematician Andrey Kolmogorov, which are described below.
Andrei Yuryevich Okounkov (Russian: Андре́й Ю́рьевич Окунько́в , "Andrej Okun'kov") (born July 26, 1969) is a Russian mathematician who works on representation theory and its applications to algebraic geometry, mathematical physics, probability theory and special functions.
 He is currently a professor at Columbia University and the academic supervisor of HSE International Laboratory of Representation Theory and Mathematical Physics.
 In 2006, he received the Fields Medal "for his contributions to bridging probability, representation theory and algebraic geometry."
