Sir William James Ashley (25 February 1860 – 23 July 1927) was an influential English economic historian.
 His major intellectual influence was in organizing economic history in Great Britain and introducing the ideas of the leading German economic historians, especially Gustav von Schmoller and the historical school of economic history.
 His chief work is "The Economic Organisation of England", still a set text on many A-level and University syllabuses.
The T. S. Ashton Prize, established with funds donated by the late Professor T. S. Ashton (1889-1968), is awarded biennially by the Economic History Society to the author of the best article accepted for publication in the "Economic History Review" in the previous two calendar years, who satisfies at least one of the following conditions at time of submission:
Leland Hamilton Jenks (April 10, 1892 - February 1, 1976) was an American economic historian, Professor of economics and sociology at Wellesley College, and Professor at Columbia University, where he taught economic history.
 He is known for his work on the economic history of the migration of British capital and of the American railroad in the 19th century.
Stephen Broadberry FBA (born 8 December 1956) is professorial fellow and professor of economic history at the University of Oxford.
 He has been editor of the "Economic History Review" and the "European Review of Economic History".
 He is president of the Economic History Society and was president of the European Historical Economics Society.
 He was elected a fellow of the British Academy in 2016.
Michael W. Flinn (1917–1983) was a British economic historian.
 Born into a middle-class family in 1917, he was educated at William Hulme's Grammar School in Manchester, serving as an officer in the Royal Artillery during the Second World War.
 After the end of the war, Flinn took a history degree at the University of Manchester before spending two years as a grammar school teacher while writing a postgraduate dissertation in his spare time.
 In 1959, he began lecturing at the University of Edinburgh, writing an introductory school textbook for history in 1961, which was still in print at his death.
 He was awarded a D. Litt by Edinburgh in 1965, and two years later was appointed to a Personal Chair in Social History.
 After his retirement in 1978, he lectured in the United States and continental Europe, serving as president of the Economic History Society from 1980 to 1983, when he died.
African Economic History is an annual academic journal covering research on all aspects of the economics of the African past, including its historiography, with an emphasis on sub-Saharan, colonial and post-colonial themes.
 It was established in 1974 as the "African Economic History Review" and obtained its current title in 1976.
 The journal is published by the African Studies Program of the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
The Economic History Review is a peer-reviewed history journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Economic History Society.
 It was established in 1927 by Eileen Power and is edited by Phillipp Schofield, Sara Horrell, and Jaime Reis.
 Its first editors were E. Lipson and R. H. Tawney and other previous editors include M. M. Postan, H. J. Habbakuk, Max Hartwell (1960–68), Christopher Dyer and Jane Humphries.
Katrina Honeyman (18 June 1950 – 23 October 2011) was a British economic historian and Professor of Social and Economic History at the University of Leeds.
 Much of her work focused on the role of women and children in industrialisation in Britain.
The Australian Economic History Review: An Asia-Pacific Journal of Economic, Business, & Social History is a peer-reviewed academic journal with social-scientific analyses, principally of Pacific-Asian economic history.
 It is published three times a year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Economic History Society of Australia and New Zealand.
 It was established in 1961 and is edited by Stephen Morgan, John Singleton, Martin Shanahan, and Lionel Frost.
Naomi Raboy Lamoreaux (born 1950) is an American Economic Historian.
 She is a professor of Economics and History at Yale University, is an emeritus professor at UCLA and Research Associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research.
 She has worked widely on business, economic, and financial history with perhaps her most noted works being her 1988 book "The Great Merger Movement in American Business, 1895-1904" and her 1996 book "Insider Lending:Banks, Personal Connections and her Economic Development in Industrial New England".
 Professor Lamoreaux was elected to the presidencies of both the Business History Conference and the Economic History Association.
 She has been awarded several prizes for her academic work including the Arthur Cole article prize and the Cliometric Society's Clio Can.
