The Dreams Take Flight program was created by a group of Air Canada employees to give a trip of a lifetime to Disney World for a day for children with special needs and/or the siblings of children with special needs.
 It has been in operation since 1989.
Smoke, also known as Smoke the Donkey, became a therapy animal for the United States Marine Corps during the Iraq War.
 Smoke lived on Camp Taqaddum in Iraq from 2008 to 2009 among the Marines of the 1st Marine Logistics Group who were deployed there.
 In 2011, Smoke traveled half way around the world to the United States, the only Donkey to make such a journey.
 The process to relocate Smoke from Iraq to the United States required senior level diplomatic coordination by multiple countries, and the assistance of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
 Once in the United States, Smoke lived at Take Flight Farms in Omaha, Nebraska.
Listen To The Crows As They Take Flight is the fourth album by Kid Dakota.
 It was released on October 11, 2011, by Graveface Records.
Kid Dakota is the musical moniker of Darren Jackson.
 He started performing as "Kid Dakota and the Tumbleweeds" in 1998 while living in Providence, Rhode Island.
 The name was chosen in homage to his home state of South Dakota and also as a parody of Kid Rock.
 In the summer of 1999, Darren recorded the five songs that would appear on the So Pretty ep with long-time friend and producer, Alex Oana, at City Cabin (formerly Blackberry Way).
 Darren moved to Minneapolis, Minnesota that winter and self-released the So Pretty ep in the spring of 2000.
 The ep caught the attention of Alan Sparhawk, singer and guitarist for the seminal slow-core band, Low (band) and he offered to release the ep on his label, Chairkickers' Union under the condition that it be expanded into a full-length lp.
 The LP version of "So Pretty" was released in the spring of 2002 with three additional songs.
 In 2004 his second album, "The West is the Future" was also released by Chairkickers.
 It was recorded live at Seedy Underbelly in Minneapolis, MN by Alex Oana and featured Zak Sally, the bassist from Low. "
A Winner's Shadow," was released on March 11, 2008 on Graveface Records.
 His new album, "'Listen to the Crows as They Take Flight" was released by Graveface in October 2011.
In the 2009 science fiction film "Avatar", director James Cameron conceived a fictional universe in which humans seek to mine unobtanium on the fictional exoplanetary moon, Pandora.
 The Earth-like moon is inhabited by a sapient indigenous humanoid species called the Na'vi, and varied fauna and flora.
 Resources Development Administration (RDA) scientists, administrators, recruits, support, and security personnel travel to Pandora in the 22nd century to discover this lush world, which is inhabited by many lifeforms including the human-like Na'vi.
 The clan with which the humans have contact in the film "[lives] in a giant tree that sits on a vast store of a mineral called unobtanium, which humans want as an energy supply."
Feral chickens are derived from domestic chickens ("Gallus gallus domesticus") who have returned to the wild.
 Like the red junglefowl (the closest wild relative of domestic chickens), feral chickens will take flight and roost in tall trees and bushes in order to avoid predators at night.
Pandora – The World of "Avatar" is a themed area inspired by James Cameron's "Avatar", located within Disney's Animal Kingdom theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, near Orlando.
 Set a generation after the events of the "Avatar" films, the area is based upon the fictional exoplanetary moon, Pandora, and features Pandora's floating mountains, alien wildlife, and bioluminescent plants.
 Spanning 12 acres , Pandora – The World of "Avatar" includes two major attractions, "Avatar" Flight of Passage and Na'vi River Journey, as well as retail and dining outlets.
"Avatar" Flight of Passage is a 3D augmented reality flying simulator attraction within Pandora – The World of "Avatar" at Disney's Animal Kingdom which opened on May 27, 2017.
 The attraction allows guests to take flight on a mountain Banshee and soar across the landscape of Pandora.
Na'vi River Journey is a dark ride attraction at Disney's Animal Kingdom's Pandora – The World of "Avatar".
 The ride takes guests through the Kasvapan River of Pandora from the 2009 film "Avatar", showcasing native animals and bioluminescent flora, with inclusion of Audio-animatronics.
Take Flight, LLC is a clothing brand founded in 2008 in Portland, Oregon, United States that makes custom apparel for fans and practitioners of parkour all around the world.
