Youngblood Hawke is a 1964 drama film directed by Delmer Daves, starring James Franciscus and Suzanne Pleshette.
 Herman Wouk's novel was loosely based on the life of Thomas Wolfe.
 This was Mary Astor's next-to-last picture.
The Petrified Forest is a 1936 American film, directed by Archie Mayo starring Leslie Howard, Bette Davis, and Humphrey Bogart.
 A precursor of "film noir", it was adapted from Robert E. Sherwood's stage play of the same name.
 The screenplay was written by Delmer Daves and Charles Kenyon, and adaptations were later performed on radio and television as well.
Destination Tokyo is a 1943 black-and-white submarine war film.
 It was directed by Delmer Daves in his directorial debut, and the screenplay was written by Daves and Albert Maltz, based on an original story by former submariner Steve Fisher.
 The film stars Cary Grant and John Garfield and features Dane Clark, Robert Hutton, and Warner Anderson, along with John Ridgely, Alan Hale Sr., and William Prince.
 Production began on June 21, 1943 and continued through September 4 of that year.
 The film premiered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on December 15, 1943 as a benefit for crippled children, and was released generally in the U.S. on December 31, 1943.
Drum Beat is a 1954 CinemaScope western film in "WarnerColor" written and directed by Delmer Daves and co-produced by Daves and Alan Ladd in his first film for his Jaguar Productions company.
 Ladd stars along with Audrey Dalton, Charles Bronson as Captain Jack, and Hayden Rorke as President Ulysses S. Grant.
No More Women is a 1934 American Pre-Code adventure film directed by Albert S. Rogell and written by John Mikale Strong, Lou Breslow, Grant Leenhouts and Delmer Daves.
 The film stars Edmund Lowe, Victor McLaglen, Sally Blane, Minna Gombell, Alphonse Ethier, J. P. McGowan and Harold Huber.
 The film was released on February 23, 1934, by Paramount Pictures.
Shipmates Forever is a 1935 American musical film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Delmer Daves.
 Set at the United States Naval Academy, the film stars Dick Powell, Ruby Keeler, Lewis Stone, Ross Alexander, John Arledge, Eddie Acuff and Dick Foran.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on October 12, 1935.
Broken Arrow is a western Technicolor film released in 1950.
 It was directed by Delmer Daves and starred James Stewart as Tom Jeffords and Jeff Chandler as Cochise.
 The film is based on these historical figures but fictionalizes their story in dramatized form.
 It was nominated for three Academy Awards, and won a Golden Globe award for "Best Film Promoting International Understanding."
 Film historians have said that the movie was one of the first major Westerns since the Second World War to portray the Indians sympathetically.
Parrish is a 1961 American drama film made by Warner Bros..
 It was written, produced and directed by Delmer Daves, based on the 1958 novel of the same name by Mildred Savage.
 The music score was by Max Steiner, the Technicolor cinematography by Harry Stradling Sr., the art direction by Leo K. Kuter and the costume design by Howard Shoup.
Dark Passage (1947) is a Warner Bros. film noir directed by Delmer Daves and starring Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall.
 The film is based on the novel of the same name by David Goodis.
 It was the third of four films real-life couple Bacall and Bogart made together.
The Hanging Tree is a 1959 Technicolor Western film directed by Delmer Daves.
 Karl Malden took over directing duties for several days when Daves fell ill.
 The film stars Gary Cooper, Maria Schell, George C. Scott and Malden and is set in the gold fields of Montana during the gold rush of the 1860s and '70s.
 The story follows a doctor who saves a criminal from a lynch mob, then learns of the man's past and tries to manipulate him.
