Samuel "Maiky" Peralta Sosa (born November 12, 1968) is a Haitian-Dominican former professional baseball right fielder.
 Sosa played with four Major League Baseball teams over his career, most notably the Chicago Cubs.
 Sosa's Major League career began with the Texas Rangers in 1989 .
 After three seasons with the Chicago White Sox, Sosa became a member of the Cubs in 1992 and became one of the league's best hitters.
 Sosa hit his 400th home run in his 1,354th game and his 5,273rd at-bat, the quickest in National League history.
 In 1998, Sosa and Mark McGwire achieved national fame for their home run-hitting prowess in pursuit of Roger Maris' home run record.
Roger Connor (July 1, 1857 – January 4, 1931) was a 19th-century Major League Baseball (MLB) player.
 He played for several teams, but his longest tenure was in New York, where he was responsible for the New York Gothams becoming known as the Giants.
 He was the player whom Babe Ruth succeeded as the all-time home run champion.
 Connor hit 138 home runs during his 18-year career, and his career home run record stood for 23 years after his retirement in 1897.
The 1961 Major League Baseball season saw the New York Yankees defeat the Cincinnati Reds in five games in the World Series.
 The season is best known for Yankee teammates Roger Maris’ and Mickey Mantle's pursuit of Babe Ruth's prestigious 34-year-old single-season home run record of 60.
 Maris ultimately broke the record when he hit his 61st home run on the final day of the regular season, while Mantle was forced out of the lineup in late-September due to a hip infection and finished with 54 home runs.
The 2009 Florida Gators softball team represented the University of Florida softball program for the 2009 NCAA softball season.
 The Gators compiled an overall record of 63-5 and completed its SEC regular season with a record of 26-1.
 They finished second in the nation after losing to the Washington Huskies in the WCWS Championship Series.
 The 2009 team broke the SEC single-season home runs record (86) and several school records including grand slams in a season (12), total shutouts (39), and consecutive shutouts (11).
 Aja Paculba set the single season stolen base record (27), Francesca Enea broke the career home run record (41), and the Florida pitching staff threw three no-hitters in the regular season (Stephanie Brombacher vs. Coastal Carolina and Stacey Nelson vs. Ole Miss and Arkansas).
 Stacey Nelson was named the Lowe's Senior CLASS Award winner and the SEC Pitcher of the year for the second straight year, and five Gators were given Louisville Slugger/NFCA All-American honors.
 Stacey Nelson was named to the first team (pitcher), and Stephanie Brombacher (pitcher), Francesca Enea (outfielder), Kelsey Bruder (outfielder), and Aja Paculba (second baseman) were named to the second team.
Direct coupling analysis or DCA is an umbrella term comprising several methods for analyzing sequence data in computational biology.
 The common idea of these methods is to use statistical modeling to quantify the strength of the direct relationship between two positions of a biological sequence, excluding effects from other positions.
 This contrasts usual measures of correlation, which can be large even if there is no direct relationship between the positions (hence the name "direct" coupling analysis).
 Such a direct relationship can for example be the evolutionary pressure for two positions to maintain mutual compatibility in the biomolecular structure of the sequence, leading to molecular coevolution between the two positions.
Russell Loris Arlett (January 3, 1899 – May 16, 1964), also known as Buzz Arlett, was an American baseball player of German descent, sometimes called "the Babe Ruth of the minor leagues."
 Like Ruth, Arlett was a large man (6'4" and 230 pounds (104 kg)) who began his career as a pitcher before becoming his league's dominant home run hitter.
 He was for many decades the all-time minor league home run king in the United States, until being surpassed by Mike Hessman on August 3, 2015.
 He spent one season with the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB).
In baseball statistics, at bats per home run (AB/HR) is a way to measure how frequently a batter hits a home run.
 It is determined by dividing the number of at bats by the number of home runs hit.
 Mark McGwire possesses the MLB record for this statistic with a career ratio of 10.61 at bats per home run and Babe Ruth is second, with 11.76 at bats per home run.
 Giancarlo Stanton, with 14.33 at bats per home run, currently holds the record among active players.
This is a list of some of the records relating to home runs hit in baseball games played in the Major Leagues.
 Some Major League records are sufficiently notable to have their own page, for example the single-season home run record, the progression of the lifetime home run record, and the members of the 500 home run club.
 A few other records are kept on separate pages, they are listed below.
The 1921 Major League Baseball season, ended when the New York Giants beat the New York Yankees in Game 8 of the World Series.
 1921 was the first of three straight seasons in which the Yankees would lead the majors in wins.
 Babe Ruth broke the single season home run record for the third consecutive season by hitting 59 home runs in 152 games.
 Ruth also broke Roger Connor's record for the most home runs all time when he hit his 139th home run on July 18 against Bert Cole.
 The record for career strikeouts, previously held by Cy Young was also broken in 1921 by Walter Johnson; Johnson lead the league in strikeouts with 143 and ended the season with 2,835 strikeouts.
 Young struck out 2,803 during his career.
 The Cincinnati Reds set a Major League record for the fewest strikeouts in a season, with only 308.
 Future hall of famers Kiki Cuyler and Goose Goslin both debuted in September 1921.
The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg is a 1998 documentary film directed, produced and written by Aviva Kempner about Hall of Fame first baseman Hank Greenberg of the Detroit Tigers.
 A Jewish player who chose not to play on Yom Kippur in 1934 during a heated pennant race, Greenberg experienced a great deal of antisemitism.
 He nearly broke Babe Ruth's 60 home run record by hitting 58 home runs in 1938.
