Domino's Pizza Enterprises Limited (DPE) is the largest pizza chain in Australia in terms of network store numbers and network sales, as well as the largest franchisee for the Domino’s Pizza brand in the world.
 DPE is the exclusive master franchise for the Domino’s brand network in Australia, New Zealand, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, the Principality of Monaco, Japan and Germany.
 Across these markets, DPE has over 1900 stores.
 In May 2005 DPE became the first publicly listed pizza company in Australia.
Papa Murphy's, a business based in Vancouver, Washington, United States, is a take-and-bake pizza company.
 It began in 1995 as the merger of two take-and-bake pizza companies: Papa Aldo's Pizza (founded in 1981) and Murphy's Pizza (founded in 1981).
 The company and its franchisees operate more than 1,300 outlets in the United States and Canada.
 Papa Murphy's is the fifth-largest pizza chain in the United States.
Pictou County Pizza is a regional variant of pizza found in Pictou County, Nova Scotia.
 The style of pizza is unique, owing to its "brown sauce" and Halifax-made pepperoni.
 The pizza can be shipped frozen across Canada via an arrangement between a local pizza shop and the local UPS agent.
 The most common destination being Fort McMurray, Alberta with a two-day delivery time.
 Since 2014 an annual competition between pizza makers in Pictou County has been held, with awards being given under a People's Choice category and as selected by a panel of judges.
Topper's Pizza or Toppers Pizza may refer to one of three pizza chains:
MrJims.Pizza is a U.S. chain of pizza restaurants based in Farmers Branch, Texas.
 Jim Johnson opened the first restaurant in Detroit, Michigan in 1975.
 There are currently 42 locations in Louisiana, Texas, North Carolina, Nevada and Wyoming, with the majority located in northern Texas.
 MrJims.Pizza is widely known for their crust.
 Their hand stretched pizza dough is made fresh in the store daily from flour containing 100% spring wheat.
 Every single MrJims.Pizza franchise has online ordering capabilities.
 In 2006, MrJims.Pizza introduced a unique new item, Nacho Stix, to their menu.
 It quickly became one of their bestsellers, and lead to a resurgence in the popularity of MrJims.
Toppers Pizza is a chain of pizzerias in the United States.
 The chain was founded by Scott Gittrich in 1991 in Champaign, Illinois, but the original location closed in the mid-1990s.
 The first Toppers Pizza location in Wisconsin opened in Whitewater in 1993.
 The company is headquartered in Whitewater, Wisconsin.
 The first official franchise store opened in Eau Claire, WI in 1997.
JS Food Plan Co, Ltd. (commonly referred to as "JS" (which is an acronym for the Korean name Jae Sang) (hangul:제이에스 푸드플랜) is a franchised Korean pizza company headquartered in Yeoeuido-Dong Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Korea, established in 1998 the company is currently CEO'd by Jeong Jae Sang (정재상).
 Its brand name is Pizza Segyero.
 (hangul:피자 세계로) In 2005, the company became an international franchise when it expanded to Beijing, China.
 The company is comparable to pizza restaurant chains such as Hankook Pizza Hut, Hankook Mr. Pizza, Chicken Nara, Domino Pizza Korea, Pizza Etang and Reach Beam.
Yellow Cab Pizza Company is a Filipino chain that retails fast food, primarily pizza.
 In 2001, Yellow Cab Pizza Company was founded by Eric Puno, Henry Lee, and Albert Tan.
 Max's Group, owner of restaurant chain Max's of Manila, owns the brand.
 The restaurant also operates 145 branches in Qatar, United Arab Emirates, and China.
John’s Incredible Pizza Company is an American all-you-can-eat buffet restaurant and entertainment business founded by John Parlet in 1997.
 The company has 11 locations on the United States West Coast.
 Its corporate office is located in Rancho Santa Margarita, California.
America's Incredible Pizza Company (AIPC) is an American restaurant chain based in Springfield, Missouri.
 The restaurants are pizza buffets and entertainment centers.
 The first restaurant opened in Springfield in 2002.
 The company has 1,200 employees, and a revenue of $64.1 million.
