Jamie Campbell (born James Robert Campbell on 18 May 1977) is an English documentary film maker.
 He lives in London and studied at Radley College and Durham University, where he read English Literature.
 He has been described as "a kind of Louis Theroux for the post-geek lady viewer."
"General Hospital" is the longest running American television serial drama, airing on ABC.
 Created by Frank and Doris Hursley, the series premiered on April 1, 1963.
 The longest-running cast member is Leslie Charleson, who has portrayed Dr. Monica Quartermaine since August 17, 1977, also making her one of the longest-tenured actors in American soap operas.
 Former cast member Rachel Ames was previously the series' longest-running cast member, portraying Audrey Hardy from 1964 to 2007, and making guest appearances in 2009 and 2013, the latter for the series' fiftieth anniversary.
 Ames made a special appearance on October 30, 2015.
 Actors Genie Francis and Kin Shriner, who portray Laura Spencer and Scott Baldwin, are the second and third longest-running cast members, having joined "General Hospital" in February and August 1977, respectively.
 Actress Jacklyn Zeman — who portrays Bobbie Spencer — is the fourth longest-running cast member, joining the serial in December 1977.
 Actress Jane Elliot, who joined the serial in June 1978 as Tracy Quartermaine, is the fifth longest-running cast member, joining "General Hospital" in June 1978 until her departure in May 2017.
 Former cast member Anthony Geary, who portrayed Luke Spencer, was the sixth longest-running cast member, having joined "General Hospital" in November 1978.
 The following list is of cast members who are currently on the show: the main and recurring cast members, or those who are debuting, departing or returning to the series.
Charles Parnell is an American actor best known for being the second actor to portray Police Chief Derek Frye on "All My Children".
 Parnell took over the role previously played by actor William Christian.
 He joined the cast of the show on September 8, 2005, and made his final appearance on September 24, 2007.
 Parnell also provides the voice of Jefferson Twilight on Cartoon Network's "The Venture Bros." He is currently playing the role of Master Chief Russ Jeter on the TNT show "The Last Ship", which has been renewed for season 4.
Fred Gaines Campbell (August 8, 1920 – December 3, 2008) was an American professional basketball player and coach as well as minor league baseball player.
 He played in the National Basketball League for the Detroit Gems and Detroit Vagabond Kings.
 While playing for the Gems he served as the head coach during the second half of the season after coach Joel Mason resigned.
 In many seasons with the Vagabond Kings, except for the only one in which the franchise played in the NBL (the rest of the years they were independent), Campbell also served as a player-coach.
 In two seasons as an NBL player, Campbell averaged 5.8 points per game.
Jamie Campbell (born March 21, 1950, in Carshalton, Surrey) is an East Anglian author and journalist.
 Campbell's home is Gorleston-on-Sea, Norfolk.
 Campbell's non-fiction works cover traditional East Anglian waterways livelihoods, yachts and the other commercial sailing craft with emphasis on The Broads special area with legal protection equivalent to a national park — a major European sailing and canal boat centre.
Christina Moore (born April 12, 1973) is an American actress, comedian, fashion designer, model and screenwriter.
 She is most notable for her membership in the main cast of comedians on sketch comedy series "MADtv", for replacing Lisa Robin Kelly as Laurie Forman on "That '70s Show" during the sixth season and for portraying Candy Sullivan in the TNT show "Hawthorne".
 She had a recurring role in "90210".
Made in Chelsea: South of France, a spin-off series of Made in Chelsea, a British structured-reality television programme, was confirmed on 8 June 2016, and began airing on 1 August 2016.
 and concluded after six episodes on 5 September 2016.
 It was announced that the cast of "Made in Chelsea" would be travelling to Cannes to film a special series of the show.
 It was revealed that this would be a stand-alone series which would not be promoted as the twelfth series.
 The twelfth series followed in October 2016.
 This is the third spin-off show filmed away from Chelsea following "" in 2014 and "" in 2015.
 The series featured the return of former cast member Francis Boulle.
 Whilst most of the Chelsea cast featured in this spin-off, there was notable absences from Josh "JP" Patterson, Richard Dinan and Rosie Fortescue.
 It is the only series to include French cast member Lukas Avalon, the last to include Louise's ex-boyfriend Alik Alfus, and first to include her new boyfriend Ryan Libbey.
 The series focused heavily on the love triangle between Francis, Olivia and Toff before he finally chooses to be with Olivia causing bitterness for Toff, as well as both Jess and Ollie finding holiday romances.
 It also included the demise of Alex and Jamie's long-term friendship as Jamie chose to believe Frankie over Alex following multiple revelations.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is a 2013 Canadian-German urban fantasy action-adventure film based on the first book of "The Mortal Instruments" series by Cassandra Clare.
 The story takes place in an urban and contemporary New York City.
 Directed by Harald Zwart, the film stars an international cast, including Lily Collins, Jamie Campbell Bower, Robert Sheehan, Kevin Zegers, Jemima West, Godfrey Gao, Lena Headey, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Aidan Turner, Kevin Durand, and Jared Harris.
 It was released in theaters on August 21, 2013, by Screen Gems in the United States and Entertainment One in the United Kingdom.
 "The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones" earned $91 million against a $60 million production budget.
 "The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on December 3, 2013, by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.
James Metcalfe Campbell Bower (born 22 November 1988) is an English actor, singer, and model.
 He is best known for his roles as Anthony Hope in "", Caius in "The Twilight Saga", King Arthur in the Starz series "Camelot", the young Gellert Grindelwald in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1", and Jace Wayland in "".
 As of 2017, he portrays Elizabethan playwright Kit Marlowe in the TNT series "Will".
Counterfeit (stylised as COUNTERFEIT.)
 are an English punk rock band from London, England, formed in 2015, consisting of lead vocalist and guitarist Jamie Campbell Bower, guitarists Tristan Marmont and Sam Bower, bassist Roland Johnson and drummer Jimmy Craig.
