"Lost" is an American television drama that debuted on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) on September 22, 2004.
 The series aired for six seasons, and follows the survivors of the crash of the fictional Oceanic Flight 815 on a mysterious tropical island somewhere in the South Pacific.
 Although a large cast made "Lost" more expensive to produce, the writers benefited from added flexibility in story decisions.
 According to series executive producer Bryan Burk, "You can have more interactions between characters and create more diverse characters, more back stories, more love triangles." The initial season had 14 regular speaking roles that received star billing.
 Matthew Fox played the protagonist, a troubled surgeon named Jack Shephard.
 Evangeline Lilly portrayed a fugitive Kate Austen.
 Jorge Garcia played Hugo "Hurley" Reyes, an unlucky lottery winner.
 Josh Holloway played a con man, James "Sawyer" Ford.
 Ian Somerhalder played Boone Carlyle, chief operating officer of his mother's wedding business.
 Maggie Grace played his stepsister Shannon Rutherford, a former dance teacher.
 Harold Perrineau portrayed construction worker and aspiring artist Michael Dawson, while Malcolm David Kelley played his young son, Walt Lloyd.
 Terry O'Quinn played the mysterious John Locke.
 Naveen Andrews portrayed former Iraqi Republican Guard Sayid Jarrah.
 Emilie de Ravin played a young Australian mother-to-be, Claire Littleton.
 Yunjin Kim played Sun-Hwa Kwon, the daughter of a powerful Korean businessman and mobster, with Daniel Dae Kim as her husband and father's enforcer Jin-Soo Kwon.
 Dominic Monaghan played English ex-rock star drug addict Charlie Pace.
John Charlton, OBE, DL (born 8 May 1935) is an English former footballer and manager who played as a defender.
 He was part of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup.
 He is the elder brother of former Manchester United forward Bobby Charlton, who was also a teammate in England's World Cup final victory.
 He spent his entire club career with Leeds United from 1950 to 1973, helping the club to the Second Division title (1963–64), First Division title (1968–69), FA Cup (1972), League Cup (1968), Charity Shield (1969), Inter-Cities Fairs Cup (1968 and 1971), as well as one other promotion from the Second Division (1955–56) and five second-place finishes in the First Division, two FA Cup final defeats and one Inter-Cities Fairs Cup final defeat.
 His 629 league and 762 total competitive appearances are club records.
 In 2006, Leeds United supporters voted Charlton into the club's greatest ever XI.
The 2007 Canadian Soccer League season was the tenth since its establishment.
 The first match of the season was played on May 11, 2007, and ended on October 28, 2007.
 The season concluded with Toronto Croatia claiming their third championship by defeating rivals Serbian White Eagles 4-1 on aggregate making Croatia one of the most successful clubs in the history of the CSL & Canadian soccer.
 Toronto Croatia also celebrated its 50 year anniversary in Canadian soccer by winning the CSL title after losing just one game in the 5-month long campaign, including an unbeaten streak in their international triumph of the Croatian World Club Championship.
 During the regular season the Serbian White Eagles secured their second consecutive International Division title, while St. Catharines Wolves won their first National Division title.
The 2008 Canadian Soccer League season was the 11th since its establishment where a total of 16 teams from Ontario and Quebec took part in the league.
 The season began on May 16, 2008, and ended on October 26 with the Serbian White Eagles claiming their first championship by defeating Trois-Rivières Attak 2-1 in a penalty shootout.
 This was the third consecutive year the White Eagles had reached the CSL finals losing respectively to Italia Shooters in 2006, and to rivals Toronto Croatia in 2007.
 While during the regular season Italia won their second division title with Trois-Rivières becoming the first Quebec team to claim the National Division title.
Kim Su-hyeon (born February 20, 1970) is a South Korean actor.
 Best known as a supporting actor (notably in films directed by Ryoo Seung-wan), Kim played his first feature film leading role in the indie "Sleepless Night" (2013).
The Buffalo Bulls men's basketball team represents the University at Buffalo in Buffalo, New York, United States.
 The team currently competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) at the Division I level as a member of the Mid-American Conference (MAC) East Division.
 Buffalo began play in 1915 and joined the MAC in 1998.
 They won their first MAC East Division title in 2009, and won a third MAC East Division title in 2015 along with their first outright MAC Regular-Season championship and first MAC Tournament title to earn the program's first bid to the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament.
 The Bulls also have six appearances in the NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Championship between 1957 and 1965 and one appearance in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT).
 They are coached by Nate Oats, who was hired as head coach in April 2015.
 Home games are played at the 6,100-seat Alumni Arena, which opened in 1982.
Jung-Yul Kim (born February 9, 1973) is a former Canadian football offensive tackle who played six seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Calgary Stampeders and Toronto Argonauts.
 He was drafted by the Calgary Stampeders in the fifth round of the 1996 CFL Draft.
 Kim played CIS football at the University of Toronto.
 He won the 29th Vanier Cup with the Toronto Varsity Blues.
 He was also a member of the Calgary Stampeders team that won the 86th Grey Cup.
 Kim is also an actor.
 He has served as a constable in the Toronto Police Service as well.
The 1951–1952 season was the 49th season of competitive football in Belgium.
 RFC Liégeois won their 4th Premier Division title.
 This was the last season before the 1952 reform of the national competitions.
 From the next season on, a new level of football was introduced to the league system.
 The divisions were also renamed, with the top level being named Division I (one league of 16 teams), the second level Division II (one league of 16 teams), the 3rd level Division III (2 leagues of 16 teams each) and the lowest level remaining the Promotion (4 leagues of 16 teams each).
 The Belgium national football team played 6 friendly games (3 wins, 3 losses).
The Red Wings won the Norris Division title in 1987-88, their first division title since the 1964-65 season.
 They went up against the Toronto Maple Leafs in the Norris Division semifinals, and won the series in six games.
 They next faced the St. Louis Blues in the Norris Division Final and won in five games.
 The Red Wings then faced the Edmonton Oilers in the Campbell Conference Final for the second year in a row.
 Just like the year before, the Oilers beat the Red Wings in five games on their way to their 4th Stanley Cup championship in five years.
Roy Thomas Pritchard (9 May 1925 – January 1993) was an English footballer who played 247 league games at full back in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Aston Villa, Notts County, and Port Vale.
 He also played war-time football for Wolves, Mansfield Town, Notts County, Swindon Town and Walsall, and later played Southern League football for Wellington Town.
 He won the Fourth Division title with Port Vale in 1958–59, and won both the FA Cup with Wolves in 1949, as well as the First Division title in 1953–54.
