William Wallace Atterbury (January 31, 1866 – September 20, 1935) was a brigadier general in the United States Army during World War I, who began his career with the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) in 1886 and rose through the ranks to become its tenth president (1925–1935).
 As director-general of transportation in France during the war, the New Albany, Indiana, native and Yale University graduate was instrumental in reorganizing railroad traffic for more efficient transportation of troops and supplies for the American Expeditionary Forces.
 He was also known as "The Railroad General".
 Under his leadership after the war, the Pennsylvania Railroad undertook a $250 million project to electrify major portions of its main line that ran between New York City and Washington, D.C. He also assisted in development of the company's first M1-class steam locomotive.
Miss Albany Diner (formerly known as Lil's Diner) is a historic diner in Albany, New York, built in 1941 and located at 893 Broadway, one of the oldest streets in Albany.
 Used as a set for the 1987 film "Ironweed", which starred Jack Nicholson and Meryl Streep, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Ironweed is a 1987 American drama film directed by Héctor Babenco.
 It is based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by William Kennedy, who also wrote the screenplay.
 It stars Jack Nicholson and Meryl Streep, with Carroll Baker, Michael O'Keefe, Diane Venora, Fred Gwynne, Nathan Lane and Tom Waits in supporting roles.
 The story concerns the relationship of a homeless couple: Francis, an alcoholic, and Helen, a terminally ill woman during the Great Depression.
 Major portions of the film were shot on location in Albany, New York, including Jay Street at Lark Street, Albany Rural Cemetery and the Miss Albany Diner on North Broadway.
The Corner Lunch Diner is a historic diner at 133 Lamartine Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
 Built c. 1955 and moved to Worcester in 1968, it is the largest diner in the city, and a rare example in New England of remodeling work done by the Musi Dining Car Company of Carteret, New Jersey.
 The diner was built c. 1955 by DeRaffele Diners of New Rochelle, New York, and first installed in Babylon, New York.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Rosie's Diner is located in Cedar Springs, Michigan.
 The dining car originally opened during the 1940s in Little Ferry, New Jersey, as the Silver Dollar Diner.
 After multiple commercials were filmed in the diner for Bounty paper towels with fictional character Rosie the Waitress, the diner was renamed Rosie's.
 Previously offered to the Smithsonian Institution, the restaurant was sold in the 1990s to a Michigan artist who had the building moved to its current location next to another diner.
 A third diner was later moved to the site from Fulton, New York.
 A series of replicas were built as part of a chain of restaurants in the Denver area.
Munson Diner is a historic diner located at Liberty in Sullivan County, New York.
 It was manufactured in 1945 by the Kullman Dining Car Company of Lebanon, New Jersey.
 It has a riveted steel frame and exterior of stainless steel and porcelain enamel.
 It has a long, rectangular form, 16 feet wide by 50 feet long.
 The interior has a plan typical of the diners of the 1940s and 1950s.
 It was moved from West 49th Street and 11th Avenue, New York City, to Liberty in 2005.
Tricentennial Park is an urban park in Albany, New York built to commemorate that city's three hundredth anniversary as an incorporated city and is the site of several statues and monuments.
 The park encompasses the entire block bounded by Broadway to the east, Columbia Street to the north, James Street to the west, and Steuben Street to the south.
 First proposed in 1914 it was built in 1986 as part of the tricentennial celebrations of Albany's incorporation as a city in association with the renovation of the Albany Union Station.
The New Bay Diner Restaurant is a historic diner at 950 Bay Street in Springfield, Massachusetts.
 It was manufactured by the Mountain View Diners Company in Signac, New Jersey (as #532) in 1957; it is believed to be the second-to-last diner the company built before it shut down later that year.
 The diner is attached to a concrete block structure which houses the kitchen and restrooms, and appears to also date to 1957.
 At the time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003, it was one of six surviving Mountain View diners in Massachusetts, and the only diner remaining in Springfield.
Lark Street is a historic street in Albany, New York, USA.
 It is part of the Arbor Hill, Sheridan Hollow, Center Square, Park South and Hudson/Park neighborhoods, and is located one block east of Washington Park.
 Lark Street is the site of many independently owned shops, coffee houses, restaurants, art galleries, antique shops, marketing agencies, bars and tattoo shops.
 Although the part between Madison Avenue and Washington Avenue was rebuilt in 2002-2003 to place new roadways, trees and sidewalks in front of the new shops in the active portion of Lark Street, some local residents have protested against the neglect of the northern end of the street (crossing north of Washington Avenue), which runs down into the less-affluent Arbor Hill neighborhood.
 Lark Street and Jay Street was used as a location during the filming of "Ironweed".
 The Washington Avenue Armory is located at the corner of Lark Street and Washington Avenue.
Sam's Diner, also known as Millie's Diner and Victory Diner, is a historic diner located at Kill Devil Hills, Dare County, North Carolina.
 It was built about 1940 by the Kullman Dining Car Co., and moved to its present location in 1996.
 It is a one-story, Streamline Moderne style steel frame building sheathed in porcelain enamel panels and stainless steel trim.
