The Mommies is the name of an American female comedy duo whose real-life tales of suburban life, domestication, family, marriage and other odds and ends, would serve as their comedic trademark.
Maria Anne Hirschmann is a teacher in America whose real-life story was adapted in the Hansi, the Girl who Loved the Swastika, a comic published by Spire Christian Comics.
Bad Bush is a 2009 Australian psychological thriller film.
 Starring Chris Sadrinna from television soap "Home and Away" and Jeremy Lindsay Taylor from "Sea Patrol" and featuring Viva Bianca from "" in her debut feature film, the film is based on the real-life story centred on a young woman with her baby alone with a crazed man on a property.
"Rather Die Young" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé for her fourth studio album, "4" (2011).
 Composed by Beyoncé, Jeff Bhasker, Luke Steele, the song's development was motivated by the fact that Beyoncé wanted a song that would help people through both their painful and happy moments.
 "Rather Die Young" is an R&B-soul power ballad that is instrumentally complete with synthesizers, a piano, a strummy guitar, and heavy drums, which were inspired by the work of the American band Earth, Wind & Fire.
 Lyrically, the song talks about the inability to fight what the heart wants.
 The female protagonist sings to an indifferent love interest, whom she likens to American actor James Dean and tells him that she prefers to die rather than live without him.
The French Connection is a 1971 American crime thriller film directed by William Friedkin and produced by Philip D'Antoni.
 It stars Gene Hackman, Fernando Rey, and Roy Scheider.
 The film was adapted and fictionalized by Ernest Tidyman from the 1969 non-fiction book by Robin Moore.
 It tells the story of New York Police Department detectives Jimmy "Popeye" Doyle and Buddy "Cloudy" Russo, whose real-life counterparts were Narcotics Detectives Eddie Egan and Sonny Grosso.
 Don Ellis scored the film.
Rock Star is a 2001 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Stephen Herek and starring Mark Wahlberg and Jennifer Aniston.
 It tells the story of Chris "Izzy" Cole, a tribute band singer whose ascendance to the position of lead vocalist of his favorite band was inspired by the real-life story of Tim "Ripper" Owens, singer in a Judas Priest tribute band who was chosen to replace singer Rob Halford when he left the band.
The Band Perry is the self-titled debut album of the American country music group The Band Perry.
The album includes five songs from the band's digital EP "The Band Perry EP", which was released in April 2010.
 The album has produced five singles: "Hip to My Heart", "If I Die Young", "You Lie", "All Your Life", and "Postcard from Paris".
 Of these, "If I Die Young" and "All Your Life" were number one hits on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.
Father (Major General) Francis L. Sampson, USA (February 29, 1912 – January 28, 1996) was a Catholic priest from Archdiocese for the Military Services and an American Army officer who served as the 12th Chief of Chaplains of the United States Army from 1967 to 1971.
 Notably, his real-life story of rescuing a young soldier became the inspiration for the film "Saving Private Ryan".
I Can Make You Love Me, also known as Stalking Laura, is an American made-for-television film starring Richard Thomas and Brooke Shields.
 The film is based on the real-life story of American mass murderer Richard Farley, a former employee of ESL Incorporated whose romantic obsession and subsequent stalking of co-worker Laura Black culminated in the mass murder of several co-workers at ESL's headquarters in California, resulting in the first anti-stalking laws to be enacted in the United States.
 The first half of the film covers the events of the stalking and Black's unrequited love that led to the shootings, while the second half deals with Farley's rampage on the ESL offices.
Do and Die : The Chittagong Uprising 1930–34 is a 1999 historical non-fiction book written by the Indian author Manini Chatterjee.
 The book tells the real-life story of revolutionary leader Surya Sen and his role in the Chittagong armoury raid.
