X-cite by Alghanim Electronics (part of Alghanim Industries) is an electronics store currently based in Kuwait.
 Their product line includes computers & tablets, mobile phones, cameras, TVs, audio & MP3, games & toys, major appliances, small housewares, watches, fitness gear, and home furnishing.
Times Square Stores (also called TSS and TSS Seedman's) was an American department store chain based in New York City that operated from 1929 to 1989.
 By the late 1980s the chain operated 12 stores in New York and 6 in Puerto Rico, and an off-price ladies' apparel chain, "Finders Keepers", which had 15 locations.
 The New York department stores ranged in size from 160,000 to 220000 sqft .
 During its prime it was considered Long Island's most prominent discount department store chain.
Fred Meyer, Inc., is a chain of superstores founded in 1922 in Portland, Oregon, by Fred G. Meyer (not to be confused with Frederik Gerhard Hendrik Meijer, former chairman of the Meijer superstore chain, which is based in Michigan, with stores in the Midwest).
 The company was one of the pioneers of one-stop shopping, eventually combining a complete grocery supermarket with a drugstore, clothing store, shoe store, fine jewelers, home decor store, home improvement center, garden center, electronics store, toy store, sporting goods store, and more under one roof.
Kum & Go is a convenience store chain primarily located in the Midwestern United States.
 The company, based in West Des Moines, Iowa, operates over 400 stores in 11 states—primarily in its home state of Iowa.
 Other states include: Missouri, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Nebraska, South Dakota, Minnesota, Montana, Colorado, and Wyoming.
 Kum & Go was ranked as the 23rd-largest convenience store chain in the United States by "Convenience Store News" in 2010.
Nguyenkim Shopping Center (also known as "Nguyenkim Electronic Appliance Center") is the largest electronics shopping center (one-stop shop) in Ho Chi Minh City that sells household appliances, refrigerations, computers, recreational, and telecommunications products from world famous brands such as Sony, Panasonic, Toshiba, Philips, JVC, Sanyo, Sharp, Samsung, LG, Electrolux, HP, IBM, etc.
 It was established as a small electronics store by Nguyen Van Kim in 1992 and has been developed since then.
Target Australia Pty Ltd (formerly Lindsay's and later Lindsay's Target) is a mid-price department store chain owned by Wesfarmers.
 It is Australia's largest department store chain by store number, operating 308 stores throughout the country (183 Target stores and 125 Target Country).
 Products it sells include branded clothing, cosmetics, homewares, electrical, fitness and consumer electronics.
 The company's national support office is currently located in North Geelong, Victoria but will move its headquarters to Williams Landing at the end of 2018.
L&F Jones Holdings Ltd is a company based in Westfield, Somerset, England, that includes a convenience store chain, a wholesale food business, and a Best Western PLUS hotel.
 The store chain comprises twelve shops in Somerset, Wiltshire, Dorset, South Gloucestershire, and Bristol.
Jim Westwood was the chief engineer at Sinclair Research Ltd in the 1980s, starting at the company in 1963.
 Westwood was the technical mastermind behind many of Sinclair's products and worked there for more than twenty years.
 Sir Clive Sinclair and Westwood shared a connection even before they met when Westwood had previously worked at an electronics store in London which was owned by Bernard Babani, Sinclair's publisher.
 This gave Westwood a good degree of familiarity with Sinclair's designs, which prompted him to join Sinclair's fledgling company, Sinclair Radionics.
 Westwood subsequently had a hand in most of the company's products, including the calculators, audio equipment, ZX Spectrum computers and TV80.
 He is still designing hardware for Amino Communications, and is a partner in Cambridge Electronics Consultancy.
Future Shop was a Canadian electronics store chain.
 It was established in 1982 by Hassan Khosrowshahi.
 By 1990, the chain had become the country's largest retailer of computer and consumer electronics.
 In January 2013, the company operated 139 locations across Canada.
Festival Foods is a family owned grocery store chain based in Minnesota (not to be confused with the Wisconsin store chain) and operates six stores in the Twin Cities.
 Festival Foods is owned and operated by sisters, Marie Aarthun and Lauri Youngquist.
 Their stores are located in Andover, Bloomington, Brooklyn Park, Hugo, Lexington and White Bear Lake.
 The stores in Andover and Hugo feature Dunn Bros in-store coffee houses that roast their beans fresh on-site.
 The chain also contains other special in-store offerings, such as a full selection liquor store in Hugo and a café at the Bloomington Location.
 Festival Foods stores were previously located in Vadnais Heights and Virginia, Minnesota.
