The Tropicana – Las Vegas Boulevard intersection on the Las Vegas Strip (Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard), is noteworthy for several reasons.
 It was the first intersection in Las Vegas completely closed to street level pedestrian traffic and its four corners are home to four major resorts: Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Tropicana Las Vegas, New York-New York Hotel and Casino and MGM Grand Las Vegas—the latter has 5,044 rooms and was once the largest hotel in the world.
 The resorts at the four corners have a total of 12,536 hotel rooms as of 2016.
Crazy Horse Too is a closed strip club located at 2476 Industrial Road in Las Vegas, Nevada, a few blocks west of the Las Vegas Strip.
 The club was known as Billy Joe's during the 1970s.
 In 1978, the club was purchased by Mob member Tony Albanese and renamed Billy Joe's Crazy Horse Too, after the Crazy Horse Saloon, another Las Vegas strip club owned by Albanese.
 In 1984, Rick Rizzolo took over operations of the club when it was purchased by his father, Bart Rizzolo.
 Rick Rizzolo was a majority owner by 1986.
El Rancho Vegas was a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
 It was located at 2500 Las Vegas Boulevard, at the southwest corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sahara Avenue, and opened on April 3, 1941.
 Until 1942, it was the largest hotel in Las Vegas with 110 rooms.
 On June 17, 1960, the hotel was destroyed by fire.
 In 1982, the El Rancho Hotel and Casino formerly known as the Thunderbird and later as the Silverbird opened across the street from the former site of the El Rancho Vegas, creating some confusion.
Alejandro Yemenidjian (born 27 December 1955), also known as Alex Yemenidjian, is Chairman of the Board and CEO of Armenco Holdings, LLC.
 Yemenidjian is also Chairman of the Board and CEO of The New Tropicana Las Vegas, Inc. which owns the Tropicana Las Vegas.
The Trump International Hotel Las Vegas is a 64-story luxury hotel, condominium, and timeshare located on Fashion Show Drive near Las Vegas Boulevard, just off the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, named for real estate developer and the 45th and current President of the United States Donald Trump.
 It is located across the street from Wynn Las Vegas, behind Alon Las Vegas on 3.46 acre , near the Fashion Show Mall, and features both non-residential hotel condominiums and residential condominiums.
 The exterior glass is infused with gold.
 The hotel is a member of The Leading Hotels of the World.
The Las Vegas Strip is a stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard in Clark County, Nevada, known for its concentration of resort hotels and casinos.
 The Strip is approximately 4.2 mi in length, located immediately south of the Las Vegas city limits in the unincorporated towns of Paradise and Winchester.
 However, the Strip is often referred to as being in Las Vegas.
 Most of the Strip has been designated an All-American Road, and is considered a scenic route at night.
Naked City is a neighborhood located in Las Vegas, Nevada north of the Las Vegas Strip The neighborhood is located at the northern end of the Las Vegas Strip, near the intersection of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sahara Avenue.
 Due to the lack of commitment to updating the neighborhood, Naked City went from a modern neighborhood to a run down area full of poverty.
 Naked City has been known to be one of the most dangerous neighborhoods in Las Vegas.
Downtown Las Vegas (commonly abbreviated as DTLV) is the central business district and historic center of Las Vegas, Nevada.
 It is the original townsite and was the gambling district of Las Vegas prior to the Strip, and the area still incorporates downtown gaming.
 As the urban core of the Las Vegas Valley, it features a variety of hotel and business highrises, cultural centers, historical buildings and government institutions, as well as residential and retail developments.
 Downtown is located in the center of the Las Vegas Valley and just north of the Las Vegas Strip, centered on Fremont Street, the Fremont Street Experience and Fremont East.
 The city defines the area as bounded by I-15 on the west, Washington Avenue on the north, Maryland Parkway on the east and Sahara Avenue on the south.
SLS station (originally Sahara) is a station on the Las Vegas Monorail, in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
 The station is a side platform located at the Sahara Hotel and Casino.
 The Sahara Station could be reached in two ways: from inside the hotel via a hallway located behind the Casbar Theatre Lounge (closed on May 16, 2011) or from street level on Paradise Road behind the Sahara.
 The tracks just north of Sahara station were designed to provide access to a possible downtown extension of the monorail via the northern portion of the Las Vegas Strip in the area of the Circus Circus Las Vegas and the Riviera.
The New Frontier (formerly Last Frontier and The Frontier) was a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, US.
 It was the second resort that opened on the Las Vegas Strip and operated continuously from October 30, 1942 until it closed on July 16, 2007.
 The building was demolished on November 13, 2007.
 The land is now owned by Crown Resorts who abandoned their project to build the Alon Las Vegas in May 2017 and put it up for sale.
