The following Union Army units and commanders fought in the Second Battle of Bull Run of the American Civil War.
 The Confederate order of battle is listed separately.
 Order of battle compiled from the army organization during the battle, the casualty returns and the reports.
Sergeant Terrence Begley (died 25 August 1864) was an Irish soldier who fought in the American Civil War.
 Begley was awarded the United States' highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action during the Battle of Cold Harbor in Cold Harbor, Virginia on 3 June 1864.
 He was honored posthumously with the award on 1 December 1864.
Irvin McDowell (October 15, 1818 – May 4, 1885) was a career American army officer.
 He is best known for his defeat in the First Battle of Bull Run, the first large-scale battle of the American Civil War.
 In 1862, he was given command of the I Corps of the Army of the Potomac.
 He fought unsuccessfully against Stonewall Jackson's troops during the Valley Campaign of 1862, and was blamed for contributing to the defeat of United States troops at the Second Battle of Bull Run in August.
The SS Bull Run was a type T2 tanker built at Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Co. in Chester, PA as hull number 287 and USMC number 362 in 1943.
 In 1956, the ship was acquired by the US Navy from the Maritime Administration, assigned to MSTS, and placed in-service as the USNS Bull Run (T-AO-156).
 It left the navy in 1957, going back to the Maritime Administration.
 In 1969, the stern of the Bull Run was attached to the bow of the Type C4 ship the Anchorage, and the completed ship then retained the name Anchorage.
 The bow of the Bull Run was then scrapped.
The North Fork Bull Run River is a tributary, about 6 mi long, of the Bull Run River in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 Part of the system that provides drinking water to the city of Portland, it flows generally south through a protected part of the Mount Hood National Forest in Multnomah County.
 It joins the Bull Run River at Bull Run Reservoir 1.
Elias Wright (June 22, 1830 – January 2, 1901) was an American Union brevet brigadier general during the period of the American Civil War.
 He was commissioned as a second lieutenant on August 17, 1861 and was promoted to first lieutenant five months later.
 He participated in the Peninsular Campaign and was captured at the Battle of Gaines's Mill.
 He later fought at the Second Battle of Bull Run and Battle of South Mountain.
 He was promoted to captain on December 13, 1863, led a company at the Battle of Chancellorsville, but he soon month later was appointed major of the 10th United States Colored Infantry.
 He was soon promoted to lieutenant colonel and colonel.
 He received his appointment as brevet brigadier general dated to January 15, 1865.
Cold Harbor is an unincorporated community in Hanover County, Virginia.
 The Battle of Cold Harbor was fought in the area in 1864, during the American Civil War.
The Second Battle of Bull Run or Battle of Second Manassas was fought August 28–30, 1862 in Prince William County, Virginia, as part of the American Civil War.
 It was the culmination of the Northern Virginia Campaign waged by Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia against Union Maj. Gen. John Pope's Army of Virginia, and a battle of much larger scale and numbers than the First Battle of Bull Run (or "First Manassas") fought on July 21, 1861 on the same ground.
The South Fork Bull Run River is a tributary, about 6 mi long, of the Bull Run River in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 Part of the system that provides drinking water to the city of Portland, it flows generally west through a protected part of the Mount Hood National Forest in Clackamas County.
 It joins the Bull Run River at Bull Run Reservoir 2, about 8 mi from the larger stream's confluence with the Sandy River.
Manassas National Battlefield Park, located north of Manassas, in Prince William County, Virginia, preserves the site of two major American Civil War battles: the First Battle of Bull Run on July 21, 1861, and the Second Battle of Bull Run which was fought between August 28 and August 30, 1862 (also known as the "First Battle of Manassas" and the "Second Battle of Manassas", respectively).
 The peaceful Virginia countryside bore witness to clashes between the armies of the North (Union) and the South (Confederacy), and it was there that Confederate General Thomas J. Jackson acquired his nickname "Stonewall."
