Francisco Gaudencio Lope Belardo Mañalac (born March 21, 1976), popularly known as Bamboo Mañalac or simply by the mononym Bamboo, is a Filipino American musician and singer-songwriter.
 He began his career as vocalist and original frontman of Rivermaya and later fronted his own band, Bamboo.
 Bamboo band disbanded in 2011 and Mañalac then pursued a solo career and released his first solo album, "No Water, No Moon".
The Voice of the Philippines is a Filipino reality television singing competition on ABS-CBN.
 It is based on the reality singing competition "The Voice of Holland", which was originally created by Dutch television producer John de Mol as part of "The Voice" franchise.
 Toni Gonzaga has been hosting the show since the first season; on the other hand, Luis Manzano, who had crossovered from "The Voice Kids", had hosted the show since the second season.
 Both are accompanied by Robi Domingo and Alex Gonzaga who serves as the show's "V-Reporters" or the social media and backstage correspondents.
 Sarah Geronimo, Bamboo Mañalac, Lea Salonga, and apl.de.ap serve as the four coaches and the judging panel of the show.
No Water, No Moon is the debut album by Bamboo Mañalac following his departure from his former band, Bamboo.
 Its lead single was "Questions".
Rivermaya is a Filipino rock band.
 Formed in 1994, it is one of several bands who spearheaded the 1990s Philippine alternative rock explosion.
 Rivermaya is currently composed of original members Mark Escueta and Nathan Azarcon, together with Mike Elgar and Ryan Peralta.
 Former original members include Rico Blanco, who had been the original songwriter of the band and vocalist Bamboo Mañalac, who later formed the band Bamboo and later went on his solo career.
 Rivermaya is listed as the twentieth biggest-selling artists/act in the Philippines as of present.
The Voice Kids is a Philippine reality singing television competition on ABS-CBN.
 It is based on the Dutch reality singing competition of the same name.
 The show aired on May 24, 2014.
 The original coaches of the show is composed of Lea Salonga, Bamboo Mañalac, and Sarah Geronimo.
 Geronimo did not return for the third season and was replaced by Sharon Cuneta.
 It is hosted by Luis Manzano, together with Alex Gonzaga for the first season and Robi Domingo and Yeng Constantino for the second season.
 On the third season, Kim Chiu joins Manzano and Domingo on the hosting duties, replacing Constantino.
Bamboo was a Filipino rock band formed in 2002 and had been active from 2004 until it disbanded in 2011.
 It consisted of Bamboo Mañalac, Ira Cruz, Nathan Azarcon and Vic Mercado.
Victor "Kakoy" Legaspi (sometimes spelled Kakoi Legaspi) is a critically acclaimed Filipino musician, best known for his stint as being part of the second evolution line-up of the band Rivermaya as a guitarist from 2001 until 2004.
 He also played for Barbie's Cradle, and Peryodiko as well and has played as a session guitarist for Bamboo Mañalac.
The first season of "The Voice Teens" is a Philippine reality singing competition on ABS-CBN which began airing on April 16, 2017.
 Lea Salonga, Bamboo Mañalac and Sharon Cuneta, who had appeared in the last season of "The Voice Kids" returned to the show as coaches; they will also be accompanied by Sarah Geronimo, who had returned to the franchise after a season hiatus.
 The show is hosted by Toni Gonzaga and Luis Manzano — the two previously teamed up in hosting the second season of "The Voice of the Philippines".
The Voice Teens is a Philippine reality television singing competition for teenagers that airs on ABS-CBN.
 It is based on the Dutch reality singing competition "The Voice Kids".
 The coaches and judges of the Philippine show are Lea Salonga, Bamboo Mañalac, Sharon Cuneta and Sarah Geronimo.
As The Music Plays is the debut album released by Pinoy rock band Bamboo following the return of Bamboo Mañalac in the Philippine music scene after 5 years of hiatus in the United States.
 Bamboo immediately gained fame for the track "Noypi" which captivated the hearts of the youth and sparked patriotism in the Philippines.
 This album contains 10 tracks, with 3 in Tagalog, namely: "Noypi", "Hudas", and "Masaya".
