Retail leakage occurs when local people are spending more for goods, than local businesses sell, usually due to people traveling to a neighboring town to buy goods.
 Retail sales leakage occurs when there is unsatisfied demand within the trading area and that the locality should provide extra stores spaces for such type of businesses.
 After all, retail leakage does not necessarily translate into opportunity.
 For instance, there could be a tough competition in a nearby locality that leads the market for same type of product.
 Many small - to medium-sized communities experience leakage of retail expenditures as local citizens drive to neighboring towns to shop at national retail chains (e.g. Tesco, Asda) or eat at national restaurant chains (e.g. Slug and Lettuce, Harvester).
 Attracting such national retail chain stores and restaurants to a community can prevent this type of expenditure leakage and create local jobs.
Bobby Arora (born January 1972) is a British billionaire businessman, trading director of the retail chain B & M.
Chain store(s) or retail chain are retail outlets that share a brand and central management, and usually have standardized business methods and practices.
 In retail, dining, and many service categories, chain businesses have come to dominate the market in many parts of the world.
 A franchise retail establishment is one form of chain store.
 In 2004, the world's largest retail chain, Wal-Mart, became the world's largest corporation based on gross sales.
Cromā is an Indian retail chain for consumer electronics and durables.
 It is the nation's first large format specialist retail chain for consumer electronics and durables with successful expansion into Croma Zip stores, Croma Kiosks and latest online vertical, www.croma.com.
Tata Group company Infiniti Retail runs Cromā stores in India.
 Infiniti Retail Ltd is a 100% subsidiary of TATA Sons.
Head Entertainment was an entertainment retail chain in the United Kingdom.
 The company was formed on 18 February 2009 when Simon Douglas, former managing director of Zavvi and business partner Les Whitfield, purchased five stores from Zavvi Entertainment Group which was placed in administration on 24 December 2008.
 All stores closed in early 2010 after less than a year of trading.
Big Bazaar is an Indian retail store that operates as a chain of hypermarkets, discount department stores, and grocery stores.
 The retail chain was founded by Kishore Biyani under his parent organisation Future Group, which is known for having a significant prominence in Indian retail and fashion sectors.
 Big Bazaar is also the parent chain of Food Bazaar, Fashion at Big Bazaar (abbreviated as "fbb") and eZone where at locations it houses all under one roof, while it is sister chain of retail outlets like Brand Factory, Home Town, Central, eZone, etc.
Sears Canada is a Canadian retail chain headquartered in Toronto, Ontario.
 The company's roots are in Simpsons-Sears, a joint venture with the Simpsons retail chain and the U.S. Sears chain, which operated a national mail order business, and co-branded Simpsons-Sears stores modelled after the U.S. Sears chain.
 Following the purchase of Simpsons by the Hudson's Bay Company in 1978, the joint venture was dismantled, and the Simpsons-Sears stores became solely owned by Sears.
 In 1999, Sears Canada acquired the remaining assets and locations of the historic Canadian chain Eaton's.
 Sears Holdings now owns a 10% share in the company.
 ESL Investments is the largest shareholder of Sears Canada.
Robin Arora (born January 1985) is a British billionaire businessman, a director of the retail chain B & M.
Arvanitidis (Greek: Αρβανιτίδης ) was a regional Greek supermarket chain situated in northern Greece.
 The company was established in 1950 by N. Arvanitidis initially as a wholesaler.
 In 1986 Arvanitidis opened its first supermarket in Veria.
 As of January 2012, the company has a total of 163 stores, the majority of which are located in northern Greece.
 Arvanitidis is the second biggest regional grocery retail chain in Greece.
 The company belongs to the Arvanitidis family.
 In 2013, a scandal broke out, bringing the retail chain to sell products that were produced in its storehouses under the name of famous brands.
Simon Arora (born November 1969) is a British billionaire businessman, CEO of the retail chain B & M.
