The 1755 Lisbon earthquake, also known as the Great Lisbon earthquake, occurred in the Kingdom of Portugal on Saturday, 1 November, the holy day of All Saints' Day, at around 09:40 local time.
 In combination with subsequent fires and a tsunami, the earthquake almost totally destroyed Lisbon and adjoining areas.
 Seismologists today estimate the Lisbon earthquake had a magnitude in the range 8.5–9.0 on the moment magnitude scale, with its epicentre in the Atlantic Ocean about 200 km (120 mi) west-southwest of Cape St. Vincent.
 Estimates place the death toll in Lisbon alone between 10,000 and 100,000 people, making it one of the deadliest earthquakes in history.
The Night in Lisbon (German: "Die Nacht von Lissabon" ) is a novel by Erich Maria Remarque published in 1962.
 It revolves around the plight of two German refugees in the opening months of World War II.
 One of the refugees relates their story during the course of a single night in Lisbon in 1942.
 The story he recounts is mainly a romantic one, and also contains a lot of action with arrests, escapes and near-misses.
 The novel is realistic, Remarque was himself a German refugee (although the novel is fictional and only loosely based on the experience of Remarque 's friend, novelist Hans Habe), and provides insight into refugee life in Europe during the early days of the war.
 The book completed what was known as Remarque’s "emigre trilogy" along with "Flotsam" and "Arch of Triumph".
 It was Remarque's last completed work.
Maria Spezia-Aldighieri (1828–1907) was an Italian operatic soprano who had an active international career from 1849 up into the 1870s.
 She excelled in the coloratura soprano repertoire and was particularly admired for her portrayals in the operas of Giuseppe Verdi.
 Her performance of Violetta in Verdi's "La traviata" at the Teatro San Benedetto in Venice in 1854 is credited with popularizing the opera after it had initially flopped at its premiere in 1853.
 She was married to baritone Gottardo Aldighieri and is the great grandmother of singer George Aaron.
Becoming Traviata is a 2012 French documentary film chronicling rehearsals of the Verdi opera "La traviata" at the Aix-en-Provence Festival.
 Directed by Philippe Béziat, the film focuses largely on stage director working with coloratura soprano Natalie Dessay.
 The film's French title is Traviata et nous ("Traviata and Us").
The history of Lisbon, the capital city of Portugal, revolves around its strategic geographical position at the mouth of the Tagus, the longest river in the Iberian Peninsula.
 Its spacious and sheltered natural harbour made the city historically an important seaport for trade between the Mediterranean Sea and northern Europe.
 Lisbon has long enjoyed the commercial advantages of its proximity to southern and extreme western Europe, as well as sub-Saharan Africa and the Americas, and today its waterfront is lined with miles of docks, wharfs, and drydock facilities that accommodate the largest oil tankers.
La Traviata is a 1983 Italian film written, designed, and directed by Franco Zeffirelli.
 It is based on the opera "La traviata" with music by Giuseppe Verdi and libretto by Francesco Maria Piave.
 Soprano Teresa Stratas, tenor Plácido Domingo, and baritone Cornell MacNeil starred in the movie, in addition to singing their roles.
 The film premiered in Italy in 1982 and went into general release there the following year.
 It opened in theatres in the U.S. on April 22, 1983.
 The movie's soundtrack with James Levine conducting the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra won a Grammy Award for Best Opera Recording.
Renée Fleming (born February 14, 1959) is an American opera singer and soprano whose repertoire encompasses Richard Strauss, Mozart, Handel, bel canto, lieder, French opera and chansons, jazz and indie rock.
 Fleming has a full lyric soprano voice.
 She has performed coloratura, lyric, and lighter spinto soprano operatic roles in Italian, German, French, Czech, and Russian, aside from her native English.
 She also speaks fluent German and French, along with limited Italian.
 Her signature roles include Countess Almaviva in Mozart's "Le nozze di Figaro", Desdemona in Verdi's "Otello", Violetta in Verdi's "La traviata", the title role in Dvořák's "Rusalka", the title role in Massenet's "Manon", the title role in Massenet's "Thaïs", the title role in Richard Strauss's "Arabella", the Marschallin in "Der Rosenkavalier", and the Countess in "Capriccio".
The Lisbon Traviata is a play by Terrence McNally.
 The play premiered Off-Broadway in 1989.
 It revolves around several opera fans, especially of the opera singer Maria Callas, and their gay relationships.
Bertha May Crawford (June 20, 1886 - May 26, 1937) was a Canadian opera singer.
 She built an international reputation as a lyric coloratura soprano in the early 20th century in eastern Europe, performing prima donna roles with opera companies in Russia and Poland between 1914 and 1934.
 At her death in 1937, music critics considered her the most distinguished soprano produced in that century in Canada.
 She is remembered as having "a high lyric soprano of great beauty and agility" and was most famous for her performances as Rosina in The Barber of Seville, Violetta in La traviata, and Gilda in Rigoletto.
Luis Lima (born 12 September 1948 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine operatic tenor, who studied in Buenos Aires under Carlos Guichandut and in Sicily under Gina Cigna.
 He made his opera debut in 1974, in Lisbon, in "Cavalleria rusticana", and since then sang in seventy-seven performances at the Metropolitan Opera (from 1977 to 2001) in nine different roles, starting with Alfredo Germont in "La traviata".
 He has also sung with the New York City Opera (1978–79, debuting in "Madama Butterfly"), at the Teatro alla Scala (first appearing in "Lucia di Lammermoor", 1977) and the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden (from 1984).
