Bugaku (舞楽 , court dance and music) is the Japanese traditional dance that has been performed to select elites mostly in the Japanese imperial court, for over twelve hundred years.
 In this way, it has been known only to the nobility, although after World War II, the dance was opened to the public and has even toured around the world in 1959.
 The dance is marked by its slow, precise and regal movements.
 The dancers wear intricate traditional Buddhist costumes, which usually include equally beautiful masks.
 The music and dance pattern is often repeated several times.
 It is performed on a square platform, usually 6 yards by 6 yards.
Compulsory dances, now called pattern dance in ice dancing, are a part of ice dancing and artistic roller skating in which all the couples or solo dancers perform the same standardized steps and holds to music of a specified tempo and genre.
 One or more compulsory dances were usually skated as the first phase of ice dancing competitions.
 The 2009-10 season was the final season in which the segment was competed in ISU junior and senior level competition.
 In June 2010, the International Skating Union replaced the name "compulsory dance" with "pattern dance" for ice dancing, and merged it into the short dance beginning in the 2010–2011 figure skating season.
 Compulsory dances are still skated in international roller skating competitions, however as in ice skating, a new section called the Style Dance was introduced from the 2015/16 season alongside the standard compulsory dances and freedance categories.
 The style dance is very similar in structure to the short dance on ice.
Cis AB is a rare mutation in the ABO gene which complicates the basic inheritance pattern and blood-transfusion compatibility matching for ABO blood typing.
 There are different DNA mutations of either type A or Type B alleles that change several amino acids in enzyme transferase A or B, homologous enzymes differing in only four of 354 amino acids (R176G, G235S, L266M, and G268A).
 A single change in ABO gene DNA could reverse type B to type A and then, a new hybrid enzyme will produce both weak B and A2 (in serum test, A2B and A2B3)).
 The most common mutation is an A105 allele variation in exon 7 nucleotide position G803C changing Glycine (type A) to Alanine (type B).
 There are another 8 alleles reported in BGMUT, the most discovered reciently in China and Taiwan.
 In the cis-AB genotype, both antigens are expressed, like in a standard (trans) AB genotype.
 In a traditional AB phenotype, A and B antigenes are inherited separately from the father and mother while a cis-AB allele comes from one parent only.
 In a serum test, cis-AB tests almost the same as a traditional AB, but people with this rare type have problems with blood transfusions.
 Some of them need components like washed red blood cells or autotransfusion of serum and blood.
The Chicken is a popular rhythm and blues dance started in America in the 1950s, in which the dancers flapped their arms and kicked back their feet in an imitation of a chicken.
 The dance featured lateral body movements.
 It was used primarily as a change of pace step while doing the Twist.
 The chicken dance gained even more popularity when Rufus Thomas wrote "Do the Funky Chicken", a hit record in 1970.
African-American dance has developed within Black American communities in everyday spaces, rather than in studios, schools or companies.
 These dances are usually centered on folk and social dance practice, though performance dance often supplies complementary aspects to this.
 Placing great value on improvisation, these dances are characterized by ongoing change and development.
 There are a number of notable African-American modern dance companies using African-American cultural dance as an inspiration, amongst these are the Whitey's Lindy Hoppers, Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, Dance Theatre of Harlem, and Lula Washington Dance Theatre.
 Unlike European-American dance, African-American dance was not taxed in the fields of Europe where it began and has not been presented in theatrical productions by generations of kings, tzars, and states.
 Instead, it lost its best dancers to the draft and started requiring taxes from establishments in the form of a federal excise tax on dance halls enacted in 1944.
 Dance halls continue to be taxed throughout the country while dance studios are not, and African-American dance companies statistically receive less than taxpayer money than European-Americans.
 However, Hollywood and Broadway have provided wonderful opportunities for African-American artists to share their work and for the public to support them.
 Michael Jackson and Beyonce are the most well-known African-American dancers.
Decoded Neurofeedback (DecNef) is the process of inducing knowledge in a subject by increasing neural activation in predetermined regions of interest in the brain, such as their visual cortex.
 This is achieved by measuring neural activity in these regions via functional magnetic resonance imaging (FMRI), comparing this to the ideal pattern of neural activation in these regions (for the intended purpose), and giving subjects feedback on how close their current pattern of neural activity is to the ideal pattern.
 Without explicit knowledge of what they are supposed to be doing or thinking about, over time participants learn to induce this ideal pattern of neural activation.
 Corresponding to this, their 'knowledge' or way of thinking has been found to change accordingly.
In physics, dynamic speckle is a result of the temporal evolution of a speckle pattern where variations in the scattering elements responsible for the formation of the interference pattern in the static situation produce the changes that are seen in the speckle pattern, where its grains change their intensity (grey level) as well as their shape along time.
 One easy to observe example is milk: place some milk in a teaspoon and observe the surface in direct sunlight.
 You will see a "dancing" pattern of coloured points.
 Where the milk dries on the spoon at the edge, the speckle is seen to be static.
 This is direct evidence of the thermal motion of atoms, which cause the Brownian motion of the colloidal particles in the milk, which in turn results in the dynamic speckle visible to the naked eye.
In neurophysiology, several mathematical models of the action potential have been developed, which fall into two basic types.
 The first type seeks to model the experimental data quantitatively, i.e., to reproduce the measurements of current and voltage exactly.
 The renowned Hodgkin–Huxley model of the axon from the "Loligo" squid exemplifies such models.
 Although qualitatively correct, the H-H model does not describe every type of excitable membrane accurately, since it considers only two ions (sodium and potassium), each with only one type of voltage-sensitive channel.
 However, other ions such as calcium may be important and there is a great diversity of channels for all ions.
 As an example, the cardiac action potential illustrates how differently shaped action potentials can be generated on membranes with voltage-sensitive calcium channels and different types of sodium/potassium channels.
 The second type of mathematical model is a simplification of the first type; the goal is not to reproduce the experimental data, but to understand qualitatively the role of action potentials in neural circuits.
 For such a purpose, detailed physiological models may be unnecessarily complicated and may obscure the "forest for the trees".
 The Fitzhugh-Nagumo model is typical of this class, which is often studied for its entrainment behavior.
 Entrainment is commonly observed in nature, for example in the synchronized lighting of fireflies, which is coordinated by a burst of action potentials; entrainment can also be observed in individual neurons.
 Both types of models may be used to understand the behavior of small biological neural networks, such as the central pattern generators responsible for some automatic reflex actions.
 Such networks can generate a complex temporal pattern of action potentials that is used to coordinate muscular contractions, such as those involved in breathing or fast swimming to escape a predator.
V6 is a "silver" level dance pattern of the quickstep International Standard Ballroom dance syllabus.
 The couple moves diagonally to the center (DC) and then diagonally to the wall (DW), thus sweeping a V-shape on the floor.
The Frug ( or "froog") was a dance craze from the mid-1960s, which included vigorous dance to pop music.
 It evolved from another dance of the era, the Chicken.
 The Chicken, which featured lateral body movements, was used primarily as a change of pace step while doing the Twist.
 As young dancers grew more tired they would do less work, moving only their hips while standing in place.
 They then started making up arm movements for the dance, which prompted the birth of the Swim, the Monkey, the Dog, the Watusi, the Mashed Potato, and the Jerk.
 The Frug is sometimes referred to as the Surf, Big Bea, and the Thunderbird.
