Nickelodeon's 23rd Annual Kids' Choice Awards (Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards 2010) were held on March 27, 2010 (aired live from 8-9:30 p.m. ET) on the Nell and John Wooden Court of Pauley Pavilion, on the campus of UCLA in Los Angeles, California.
 With the launch of Nickelodeon Canada in late 2009, Canada broadcast the awards live as it aired in the Eastern, Central, and Mountain time zones of the United States (it was tape-delayed for the Pacific Time Zone) and the awards will be rebroadcast on YTV on April 2, 2010 at 7 p.m. ET.
 As a result, Canadian kids were able to vote on candidates for the first time.
 Nickelodeon's sister channels TeenNick and Nicktoons suspended regular programming during the 90-minute duration of the award show to allow viewers to see the awards.
 The 2010 awards were hosted by Kevin James, who is a first-time "Kids' Choice" host.
The 8th annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards was held on Friday 8 October 2010 at the Sydney Entertainment Centre.
 Nomination entries closed on 1 August 2010 and the nominees for this year's season, were revealed on 15 August 2010.
 It was also revealed that Jessica Watson received the Nickelodeon Platinum Achievement award.
 Nickelodeon Australia rebranded during these Awards.
Nickelodeon's 22nd Annual Kids' Choice Awards (Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards 2009) were held on March 28, 2009 at 8 p.m. on the Nell and John Wooden Court of Pauley Pavilion.
 Dwayne Johnson hosted this awards show which lasted for more than one and half hours.
 Voting commenced on March 2, 2009.
 Performers and presenters have been listed at the official site.
 The Jonas Brothers sang their song, "Lovebug", but changed the line "catch this lovebug again" to "catch this slime time again".
 By the end of the program, they were named the "slime gods".
 This year marks the last time that the Nickelodeon Orange Blimp was used on the Kids' Choice Awards logo for 4 years.
 The Nickelodeon Blimp was not used on the Kids' Choice Awards logo again until 2013.
The fourth annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards were held on 11 October 2006 at the Sydney Entertainment Centre in Sydney.
 The show was hosted by Sophie Monk, Dave Lawson and James Kerley.
 The nominees were announced on 10 August 2006 and closed on 20 September 2006.
The 6th annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards were held on 11 October 2008 at the Hisense Arena in Melbourne.
 John Cena has been picked to host the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards alongside Natalie Bassingthwaighte.
The -8th annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards were held on 10 October at the Sydney Entertainment Centre.
 The show was hosted by The Veronicas and Zac Efron.
 Voting for the nominees of the awards commenced on 1 July 2007 and ended on 22 July 2007 and on 1 August 2007 the full list of nominees were announced with new category Biggest Greenie (who is the person kids think is doing most to save the planet).
 On 14 August 2007 the voting commenced.
 Torrie Wilson and Bobby Lashley were also scheduled to appear.
Nickelodeon Slimefest is an Australian annual music festival held in Sydney and Melbourne.
 The shows are typically held in late September and televised on Nickelodeon.
 The festival replaced the Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards from 2012.
The third annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards were held at the Sydney Entertainment Centre on 20 September 2005.
 The show was hosted by Jesse McCartney, James Kerley and Dave Lawson.
The 9th annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards was held on Friday 7 October 2011 at the Sydney Entertainment Centre.
 The show was hosted by Jennette McCurdy and Nathan Kress, known for starring in the hit Nickelodeon teen sitcom iCarly.
Good Charlotte's songs and albums have received recognition at the MTV Australia Awards, the MTV Europe Music Awards, and the MTV Video Music Awards. "
The Anthem" is the second single from the band's second album "The Young and the Hopeless".
 The song was awarded the "Best Rock Video" award from the MTV Video Music Awards Japan and the "Peoples Choice: Favorite International Group" award from the MuchMusic Video Awards.
 The band itself has received awards including "Fave International Band" at the Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards, "Best International Group" at the NRJ Music Awards, and "Best International Rock Act" at the TMF Awards.
 As of July 2008, Good Charlotte has received eight awards from twenty nominations.
