Gianluigi "Gigi" Buffon (] , ; born 28 January 1978) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
 He captains both Serie A club Juventus and the Italy national team.
 He is widely regarded by players, pundits and managers to be one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time, and, by some, to be the greatest ever.
 Buffon is one of only eighteen players to have made at least 1,000 professional career appearances; with 171 international caps, Buffon is also the most capped player in the history of the Italian national team, the fifth-most capped male international footballer of all time, and the most capped European international player ever.
 Buffon is known for his "outstanding shot-stopping" and for being "a vocal organizer of the defence and a key dressing room personality".
 He is currently the most expensive goalkeeper in history, following his €52 million transfer from Parma to Juventus in 2001.
 Buffon holds the record for the most clean sheets in Serie A, and with the Italy national team; he also holds the record for the longest streak without conceding a goal in Serie A history: over 12 league matches, he went unbeaten for 974 consecutive minutes during the 2015–16 season, as well as having achieved the most consecutive clean sheets (10) in Serie A in that same season.
Yevhen Rudakov club (Ukrainian: Клуб Євгена Рудакова ) is an unofficial list of Soviet and Ukrainian football goalkeepers that have achieved 100 or more clean sheets during their professional career in top Soviet and Ukrainian league, cup, European cups, national team and foreign league and cup.
 This club is named after the first Soviet (Ukrainian) goalkeeper to achieve 100 clean sheets - Yevhen Rudakov.
Lev Yashin Club (Russian: Клуб имени Льва Яшина ) is an unofficial list of Soviet and Russian football goalkeepers that have achieved 100 or more clean sheets during their professional career.
 This club is named after the first Soviet goalkeeper to achieve 100 clean sheets: Lev Yashin.
 The list was created and maintained by journalist and statistician Konstantin Yesenin.
Arkadiusz Malarz (; born 19 June 1980 in Pułtusk) is a Polish goalkeeper who currently plays for Legia Warsaw.
 Playing for his former club, Skoda Xanthi, he kept clean sheets in seven consecutive games, finally conceding a goal after 683 minutes, which is his former team's record for the longest "clean sheet" period in the Greek league.
 Despite his strength, reflexes and diving some crucial errors "spoiled" his overall good presence under the sticks of the Greek team.
Ali Ahamada (born 19 August 1991 in Martigues) is a Comorian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Turkish club Kayserispor in Süper Lig.
 He made his professional debut on 20 February 2011 appearing against Rennes appearing as a substitute for the injured Marc Vidal.
 In his eight starts in the 2010–11 season, Ahamada recorded six clean sheets, notably against Lens, Lyon, Bordeaux, and Lorient.
 In the 2011–12 season, Ahamada opened the campaign as the team's first-choice goalkeeper.
 He recorded ten clean sheets in the team's first 19 matches of the season.
Geoffrey "Geoff" Smith (14 March 1928 – 19 October 2013) was an English professional footballer who played 253 league games for Bradford City as a goalkeeper, including 200 consecutive appearances.
 When he retired, he held club records for the number of clean sheets in a season and total clean sheets.
Charles Joseph John "Joe" Hart (born 19 April 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for West Ham United, on loan from fellow Premier League club Manchester City, and the England national team.
 With over 100 Premier League clean sheets, Hart holds the joint record for the most Premier League Golden Glove awards (four) and has amassed 73 international caps since his debut in 2008.
Chelsea Football Club is a professional association football club based Fulham, London.
 Founded in 1905, they were elected to play in The Football League as members of the Second Division.
 They were promoted into the First Division in the club's second season.
 Chelsea remained in the Football League, in the First or Second division, until 1992 when clubs in the First Division broke away from The Football League to form the Premier League.
 The club has remained in the top division of the English football league system since 1989.
 In their latest spell in the Second Division Chelsea achieved their highest points total achieving 99 in the 1988–89 season.
 As of the 2015–16 season, the club holds the records for the most points, most goals scored and most clean sheets in a single Premier League season with 95 points in 2004–05, 103 goals in 2009–10 and 25 clean sheets in 2004–05.
 Chelsea have been English football champions six times.
Edward Phennah (born 1859) was a Welsh international footballer.
 A goalkeeper, he represented Wales on one occasion, becoming one of the first English born players to represent the country, on 23 March 1878 during a 9–0 defeat against Scotland.
 Phennah played for Wrexham at club level, playing in the club's first competitive fixture in the inaugural Welsh Cup in the 1877–78 season.
 His three consecutive clean sheets in the tournament remains a club record for a goalkeeper playing in his first three matches, keeping his third clean sheet in a 1–0 victory over Druids in the final of the competition.
VfB Stuttgart debuted in the modern-era 32-team Champions League with a progression from the group stage and a somewhat surprising victory with 2–1 against English champions Manchester United.
 Ultimately, the tournament ended with a narrow defeat to Chelsea.
 Kevin Kurányi, Philipp Lahm and Alexander Hleb were key players in a side that only just failed to finish in the top three for the second season in succession.
 Following an initial eight clean sheets, the attack suffered from only Kurányi being able to score, despite goalkeeper Timo Hildebrand keeping 18 clean sheets.
