Nancy Laura Spungen (February 27, 1958 – October 12, 1978) was the American girlfriend of Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious and a figure of the 1970s punk rock scene.
 Spungen's life and death have been the subject of controversy among music historians and fans of the Sex Pistols.
Live at Winterland 1978 is a live album by the Avengers.
 It was released through online music stores on February 16, 2010.
 The album features a recording of their set on January 14, 1978 at the Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco, CA, when they opened for the Sex Pistols on what would become the Sex Pistols final show, before reuniting years later.
 The Sex Pistols' set has been released on an album of the same name.
 Songs from this album were previously released on a couple 7" bootlegs titled "Penelope" and "Summer of Hate".
The Flowers of Romance were an early punk band, formed in mid-1976 by Jo Faull and Sarah Hall.
 The band never played live or released any recordings, and, like London SS and Masters of the Backside, are more famed for the number of band members that later became well known, including: Sid Vicious of the Sex Pistols, Keith Levene (an early member of The Clash and later of Public Image Ltd) and Palmolive and Viv Albertine, who went on to play in The Slits.
 Despite never playing live, they were interviewed by a fanzine named "SKUM", in which Sid Vicious proclaimed "I'll just be the yob that I am now".
"Revolution in the Classroom" was a single released by the Ex Pistols; despite its packaging, the record has nothing to do with the Sex Pistols.
 The single was released in 1989 on the STP Records label, pressed on various colours of vinyl.
 The song, along with its B-side "Schools Are Prisons", were both included on the Ex-Pistols album, "Deny".
 They also appear disguised as genuine Sex Pistols recordings on two Sex Pistols retrospective albums by former producer Dave Goodman, "Pirates of Destiny" (I Swirled Records, 1989) and "We Have Cum For Your Children" (Skyclad Records, 1988).
Under the title "Revolution" the song appears on a German Sex Pistols compilation "Anarchy in the USA" from 1992 released on MBC records.
 CD 084-60322 LP 008-60321
The Ex Pistols were a scam act introduced in 1979 by one-time Sex Pistols producer Dave Goodman after his services were substituted for those of professional producers.
 The Ex Pistols existed as a sound-alike band meant to mislead fans due to the similar music, name, and artwork, that led people to believe their songs were actually new or lost Sex Pistols recordings.
Glen Matlock (born 27 August 1956) is an English musician best known for being the bass guitarist in the original line-up of the punk rock band the Sex Pistols.
 He is sometimes credited as a co-author on 10 of the 12 songs on "Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols", although he had left the band by the time the record was released and the bass was played by Steve Jones.
 He also continues to make his own records and tour with various bands, including the Sex Pistols.
"Bodies" is a Sex Pistols song about the shock of abortion from the 1977 album "Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols".
 The lyrics contain very graphic imagery about a terminated fetus and feature a great deal of profanity for the time: the third and final verse begins with a couplet in which the word "fuck" is repeated five times in rapid succession.
 Along with the later "Belsen Was a Gas," it is probably the most graphic and controversial Sex Pistols song in both its subject matter and style.
 Musically, it is also the fastest and heaviest song in the Sex Pistols canon — characterized by thudding drums, droning buzzsaw guitar, and shouted vocals.
 As such, it can be considered a significant antecedent to the genres of hardcore, thrash, and speed metal that was to emerge in the 1980s.
The Swindle Continues is the first album released by the Ex Pistols in 1988.
 It consists of half Sex Pistols and half Ex Pistols material, and is the only Ex Pistols release that doesn't disguise itself as material completely by the Sex Pistols.
The Idols with Sid Vicious is a concert album of former Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious performing with The Idols; though recorded in September 1978, it wasn't released until 1993.
 Steve Dior provided a recording of this performance to the New Rose record label.
 It was originally released by the Fan Club division of New Rose.
 It was also released in Japan by Teichiku Records, under license from New Rose.
The Sham Pistols were a short-lived punk rock supergroup composed of guitarist Steve Jones and drummer Paul Cook of the Sex Pistols with vocalist Jimmy Pursey and bass player Dave Tregunna of Sham 69.
 Although now referred to as The Sham Pistols no name had been decided upon at the time.
 There was the possibility that they may have been called The Sex Pistols.
