This is a list of the British Academy Television Awards for Best Actress.
 The British Academy Television Awards began in 1955.
 The Best Actress award was initially given as an 'individual honour' without credit to a particular performance until 1969 when Wendy Craig won for her performance in "Not in Front of the Children".
 Since 1970, nominees have been announced in addition to the winner and are listed with the winner highlighted in blue.
 The Actress category was split into Leading Actress and Supporting Actress starting in 2010.
BAFTA in Scotland is the Scottish branch of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
 Formed in 1986, the branch holds two annual awards ceremonies recognising the achievement by performers and production staff in Scottish film, television and video games.
 These Awards are separate from the British Academy Television Awards and British Academy Film Awards.
This page lists the winners for the BAFTA Award for Best Documentary, formerly known as the Robert Flaherty Award, for each year.
 The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for film, television, children's film and television, and interactive media.
 A theatrical documentary award was presented by the Academy between 1948 and 1990.
 Documentaries have continued to be honoured with British Academy Television Awards since then and have been eligible in all relevant categories at the Film Awards.
 In 2012, the Academy re-introduced this category in recognition of the number of high-quality theatrical documentaries released in cinemas in the UK each year.
The 1998 British Academy Television Awards were held on 18 May at the Prince of Wales Theatre in London.
 The ceremony was broadcast on ITV, hosted by Bob Monkhouse, and it was the first occasion since 1968 that the Television Awards had been held separately from the British Academy Film Awards, instead of as a joint ceremony.
The 1st Annual British Academy Television Craft Awards were presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) on 30 April 2000, with Gabby Yorath presiding over the event.
 The awards were held at BAFTA headquarters at 195 Piccadilly, Westminster, London, and given in recognition of technical achievements in British television of 1999.
 Previously, craft awards were handed out in conjunction with the television awards which, from 1968-1999, was held as a joint event with the film awards.
Dominic Gerard Francis Eagleton West (born 15 October 1969) is an English actor, director, and musician.
 He is best known for playing Jimmy McNulty in "The Wire", and won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor at the 2012 British Academy Television Awards for portraying serial killer Fred West in "Appropriate Adult".
 He stars as Noah Solloway on the Showtime drama series "The Affair", for which he has received a Golden Globe nomination.
The 2012 British Academy Television Awards (formally known as the Arqiva British Academy Television Awards) were held on 27 May 2012 at the Royal Festival Hall in London.
The British Academy Children's Awards are presented in an annual award show hosted by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA).
 They have been awarded annually since 1996.
 Before that, children's awards were a part of the main British Academy Television Awards.
The British Academy Television Awards, also known as the BAFTA Television Awards, are presented in an annual award show hosted by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA).
 They have been awarded annually since 1955.
 It is the British equivalent to the Emmy Awards in the United States and Logie Awards in Australia.
The 1997 British Academy Television Awards were held on 29 April at the Royal Albert Hall in London, as a joint ceremony with the British Academy Film Awards.
 To date, it is the last occasion upon which the two sets awards have been given jointly at the same event; from 1998, the Film and Television Awards were given at separate ceremonies, for the first time since 1968.
