Guangshan County (; postal: Kwangshan) is a county of Henan, China.
 It is under the administration of Xinyang city.
 The regional dialect is the Xinyang city dialect of Southwestern Mandarin.
Eastern New England English, historically known as the Yankee dialect since at least the nineteenth century, is the traditional regional dialect of Maine, New Hampshire, and the eastern half of Massachusetts.
 Features of this variety once spanned an even larger dialect area of New England, for example, including the eastern half of Vermont as recently as the mid-twentieth century.
 Studies vary as to whether the distinctive dialect of Rhode Island falls within the Eastern New England dialect region.
Patience (Middle English: "Pacience") is a Middle English alliterative poem written in the late 14th century.
 Its unknown author, designated the "Pearl Poet" or "Gawain-Poet", also appears, on the basis of dialect and stylistic evidence, to be the author of "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight", "Pearl", and "Cleanness" (all ca. 1360-1395) and may have composed "St. Erkenwald".
 This is thought to be true because the techniques and vocabulary of regional dialect of the unknown author is that of Northwest Midlands, located between Shropshire and Lancashire.
Samuel Oluwaseyi Ameobi (born 1 May 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Championship club Bolton Wanderers.
 He is the younger brother of fellow players Shola and Tomi Ameobi.
New York City English, or Metropolitan New York English, is a regional dialect of American English spoken by many people in New York City and much of its surrounding metropolitan area.
 Described by sociolinguist William Labov as the most recognizable dialect in North America, the dialect is known through its association in the media with many public figures and fictional characters.
 Its features are most densely concentrated in New York City proper and its immediate suburbs (whose residents often commute to New York City), but they also extend somewhat to the wider metropolitan area and the New York City diaspora in other regions.
Texan English is the array of American English varieties spoken in Texas, primarily falling under the regional dialects of Southern and Midland American English.
 As one extensive study states, at the most basic level, the typical Texan accent is a "Southern accent with a twist."
 The "twist" refers to major features of the Lower and Upper South coming into contact with one another, as well as some notable influences derived from an early Spanish-speaking population and German immigrants.
 In fact, there is no single accent that covers all of Texas and few dialect features are unique only to Texas.
 The most advanced (i.e., newest and most developed) accent features of the regional Southern U.S. dialect are reported in North and West Texas (but not El Paso), associated with the Upper South, while elements of the same regional dialect are present but less consistent in East and South Texas, associated more with the Lower South.
 In South Texas, particularly, Mexican Spanish characteristics are heavily influential as well.
 Abilene, Austin, and Corpus Christi align more to the Midland U.S. dialect than the Southern one; El Paso aligns with the Western U.S. dialect.
Oluwatomiwo "Tomi" Ameobi (born 16 August 1988) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for FC Edmonton.
 He was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear.
 Ameobi is the younger brother of striker Shola Ameobi and the older brother of current Bolton Wanderers winger Sammy Ameobi.
Brunei English is a regional dialect of English that is widely spoken in Brunei Darussalam, even though the national language is Malay.
 Although the lingua franca in the country is generally the local dialect of Malay, all educated people are proficient in English, as it has been the medium of instruction from the fourth year of primary school for nearly thirty years.
The Warsaw dialect (called "Gwara warszawska" in standard Polish, pronounced ] ), or Masovian, is a regional dialect of the Polish language centered on Warsaw.
 The dialect evolved as late as the 18th century, under notable influence of several languages spoken in the city of Warsaw.
 After the destruction of Warsaw in the aftermath of the Warsaw Uprising of 1944 the Warsaw dialect has been in decline.
 It is estimated that in modern times it is almost extinct as the native language and is preserved mostly in literary works.
Philadelphia English is a variety or dialect of American English native to Philadelphia and extending into Philadelphia's suburbs in the Delaware Valley and South Jersey, including Atlantic City.
 The Philadelphia accent is one of the best-studied, as Philadelphia's University of Pennsylvania is the home institution of pioneering sociolinguist William Labov.
 Philadelphia English shares some features with New York City English and Midland American English, although it is still its own distinct dialect.
 However, the closest relative of the Philadelphia accent is the Baltimore accent, both of which constitute what Labov describes as a single "Mid-Atlantic" regional dialect.
