The Suffolk Traction Company is a former streetcar system in Suffolk County, New York.
 It operated primarily between Patchogue and Holtsville, but also included a route that served Blue Point, Bayport, and Sayville.
 It was opened in 1909 and ceased operations in 1919.
The North Western Road Car Company was a bus company in Stockport, England, formed in 1923 from the existing bus services of the British Automobile Traction Company Limited (itself a subsidiary of the British Electric Traction Company Limited) in Macclesfield.
 The company operated bus services in five counties (Cheshire, Lancashire, West Riding of Yorkshire, Derbyshire and Staffordshire) through a combination of growth and the acquisition of other bus companies, such as the takeover in 1924 of the Mid-Cheshire Motor Bus Company Limited, which brought new operations in Northwich and Flixton.
 The company also operated express coach services to London, North Wales and Yorkshire.
The Twin City Railroad Company was organized in 1912 as successor to the Twin City Light and Traction Company and acquired its subsidiaries, the Chehalis Electric and Traction Company and the Centralia Electric and Traction Company.
 The company operated the 6.6 mile electric line extending from Chehalis, Washington (the “Rose City”) to Centralia, Washington (the “Hub City”) until 1936.
New York State Route 29A (NY 29A) is a state highway in the western portion of the Capital District of New York in the United States.
 The western terminus of the route is at an intersection with NY 29 in the Herkimer County hamlet of Salisbury Center.
 Its eastern end is at another junction with NY 29 about 36 mi to the east near the Fulton County hamlet of Vail Mills.
 NY 29A enters Gloversville via Rose Street and continues through downtown on Fulton Street.
The Florida Interurban Railway and Tunnel Company was incorporated in 1912 by the Bates Real Estate Interests and partners, which had extensive backgrounds in railroading with the Seaboard Air Line Railroad.
 It is not known if the company was a 'front' for Seaboard expansion into new markets but the use of a front company has been a common practice in Florida.
 The railway was to link Jacksonville with both St. Augustine and Pablo Beach (later named: Jacksonville Beach) with a 45-mile rail network.
 The tunnel would have had the additional bonus of being the first man-made crossing of the St. Johns River and was planned for interurbans and streetcars as well as automobiles and pedestrians.
 The opening of the St. Elmo Acosta toll Bridge in 1921 connected both sides of the river and it was used by streetcars, automobiles and pedestrians.
 Nothing more was heard from the FIR&T Company, but several more interurban schemes played into the area's electric railway history.
 Jacksonville Traction Company itself incorporated the Duval Traction Company which in 1918 completed a line from downtown Jacksonville to Camp Johnston (today's NAS JAX) near the Clay County line.
 The South Jacksonville municipal Railways flush with cash after linking Jacksonville and South Jacksonville extended its lines to both St. Nicholas and San Jose, which was then considered 'far out in the country.'
The Peekskill Lighting and Railroad Company was a streetcar transit line operating in northern Westchester County and southern Putnam County.
 The earliest segment was constructed by the Peekskill Traction Company in 1899 running 5.5 miles from the New York Central Railroad train station at Peekskill to Lake Mohegan.
 The company was unable to meet payments for construction of the line, so the contractor operated the railroad until it was sold to the Peekskill Lighting and Railroad Company in 1900 (itself a consolidation of the Peekskill Gas Light Co., Peekskill Electric Light and Power Co., and the Peekskill Traction Co.).
 The associated Westchester and Putnam Traction Company built extensions beyond Lake Mohegan, though the two companies were operated as one.
 In 1902, an extension was constructed through Buchannan to Verplanck.
 Another extension was opened in 1907 to Cortlandville, and Varian's Mills (later Williams Corners) in 1908.
 The final extension to Oregon (Putnam Valley) opened in 1909.
 The first cutbacks came in 1924, followed by the closure of the Putnam Valley extension in 1925.
 The remaining track around Peekskill was closed in 1926.
The Ossining Electric Railway was a streetcar transit line that operated in northern Westchester County.
 Chartered in 1892 as the Ossining Street Railway, the first section of the line opened in 1893, starting at the New York Central Railroad station at Ossining, and terminating at the Methodist Meeting Grounds (later Camp Woods) 1.8 miles away.
 There was also a short branch off Main Street to Sparta Hill.
 The town purchased the company in 1897 for unpaid taxes and continued operation until 1902 when the Westchester Traction Company took control.
 The new company announced an ambitious project to build a new line to White Plains as well as a route to Port Chester, but the only extension built was from Sparta Hill to Ossining Hospital.
 Westchester Traction Company took control of the Danbury and Harlem Traction Company project, which was only partially constructed between Danbury, Connecticut and North Salem, New York, and never put into operation.
 The "Industrial Contracting Company" was hired to construct the Danbury and Harlem line as well as the extension of the Ossining Electric Railway.
 Considerable grading and some track construction took place on the Danbury line, but no evidence of construction on the Ossining line could be found.
Northport Traction Company was a trolley service in the Town of Huntington in New York.
 It ran from 1902 to 1924 and served East Northport and Northport, New York.
 The company only had one line throughout its history which ran from Northport (LIRR station) to Northport Harbor, at what is today Cow Harbor Park.
 Unlike Huntington Railroad to the west, Northport Traction Company never expanded beyond either Northport or East Northport, and no record exists of any proposal to do so.
Blue Point was a station stop along the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road It was located on Martha Avenue on the south side of the tracks in Blue Point, New York, and was the westernmost station along the Montauk Branch in the Town of Brookhaven.
 Access to the station was through a driveway that emptied onto Blue Point Avenue.
 The station was originally opened on February 1, 1870, by the South Side Railroad of Long Island and closed on June 1, 1882.
 The second depot opened around June, 1900, evidently in conjunction with the bridge over Blue Point Avenue.
 The newer station also had a connection to the South Shore Traction Company trolleys, which were later replaced by Suffolk Traction Company trolleys.
 Blue Point station closed on September 6, 1980, in conjunction with the nearby Bayport Station.
 It was located between Bayport and Patchogue Stations.
 The former station site, across from the Blue Point Wine & Liquor store, remains, to this day, gated off, and covered partially in trees, leaves, and weeds.
Connecticut Railway and Lighting Company was a streetcar and bus transit operator serving the region around Bridgeport, Norwalk, Derby, New Britain and Waterbury, Connecticut.
 It was formed in 1901 by United Gas Improvement Company of Philadelphia to manage the streetcar operations of the Connecticut Light and Power Company, which at the time included Central Railway and Electric Company, Norwalk Street Railway, and the Waterbury Traction Company.
 The newly formed Connecticut Railway and Lighting acquired Bridgeport Traction Company, Derby Street Railway, Milford Street Railway, Shelton Street Railway, Meriden, Southington and Compounce Tramway Company, and the Cheshire Street Railway.
 Connecticut Railway and Lighting was leased to the Consolidated Railway and in turn the Connecticut Company between 1906 and 1936.
 Streetcar operations were discontinued in 1937 when all lines were converted to bus.
 Transit operations continued until 1972, when all remaining bus operations were suspended and taken over by Connecticut Transit, except in Bridgeport- by the Greater Bridgeport Transit District in 1975.
