Billy Kahora is a Kenyan writer and editor based in Nairobi.
 He was commended by the 2007 Caine Prize judges for his story "Treadmill Love".
 His stories "Urban Zoning" and "Gorilla’s Apprentice" were shortlisted for the prize in 2012 and 2014, respectively.
 He has written the non-fiction novella "The True Story of David Munyakei" the screenplay for "Soul Boy" and co-wrote "Nairobi Half Life".
 As Managing Editor of Kwani Trust, Kahora has edited seven issues of the "Kwani?
" journal.
 He is a contributing editor to the "Chimurenga Chronic".
Adventist World is a monthly international magazine of the Seventh-day Adventist Church published by the Review and Herald Publishing Association.
 Editors are based in Silver Spring, Maryland and Seoul, Korea.
The BBC Somali Service is a BBC World Service radio station transmitted in the Somali language and based in Broadcasting House in West London.
 From 1999 until 2012, the head of the station was Yusuf Garaad Omar, a Somali journalist, who joined in 1992.
 Most of the listeners live in the Horn of Africa and nearby regions.
 According to the station, it provides a key link between those in Somalia and those elsewhere.
 Established on 18 July 1957 with two weekly programmes of 15 minutes each, the station made the broadcasts daily by September 1958, and on 1 July 1961 the two parts were joined and the programme time increased to 30 minutes.
 Increases in broadcast frequency have been made since.
 They currently broadcast 3 half-hour programmes and one 1-hour programme daily.
 The station has been developing local networks in all over Somali speaking areas in Somalia, Djibouti, the Somali region of Ethiopia and North Eastern Kenya plus the Somali diaspora all over the world.
 In August 2010 AllAfrica.com reported that Shabelle Media Network had started broadcasting some of the station's programmes.
 Since Yusuf Garad left the BBC, the Somali service never returned to the management of a Somali professional instead, at least three managers replaced after the other.
 First, Andres Ilves had been placed as acting head of the service for nearly two years, Josephine Hazeley deputy head of BBC Africa had been put as a caretaker.
 A recruitment process that followed for a BBC Somali Editor, Abdirahman Koronto , has been the successful candidate but was offered a BBC Somali Output Editor role to be line managed by the then Editor of BBC Afrique, Ibrahima Daine, as the acting editor of BBC Somali.
 A new role had been advertised as the editor BBC Swahili/Somali editor based in Nariobi, Caroline Karobia has been appointed to this role.
Brian Moynahan is an English journalist, historian and biographer.
 He was born in 1941, the son of the dermatologist Edmund Moynahan of Guy's and Great Ormond Street Hospitals.
 He was educated at Sherborne School and University of Cambridge, where he was a Foundation Scholar of Corpus Christi College and editor of the student magazines Cambridge Opinion and Broadsheet.
 He graduated in 1962 with a double First in history.
 He was a lead writer with "The Yorkshire Post" before covering wars in Vietnam, Laos and Borneo, the "violencia" in Colombia and the American intervention in the Dominican Republic, for "Town Magazine", and "The Times".
 He also wrote on industry and business in the Far East.
 He was editor of Town before joining the staff of "The Sunday Times" in 1968.
 As a foreign correspondent, he covered the Arab-Israeli, Ethiopian and Lebanese conflicts, as well as events in Europe and Russia.
 He was latterly "The Sunday Times" Europe editor based in Paris, before concentrating on writing books.
Pratyoush Onta is a Nepali historian and editor based at Martin Chautari.
 He is the author and/or editor of 22 books including "Social History of Radio Nepal" (2004, in Nepali), "Growing up with Radio" (2005, in Nepali), "25 Years of Nepali Magazines" (2013, in Nepali), "The State of History Education and Research in Nepal" (2014) and "Political Change and Public Culture in Post-1990 Nepal" (2017).
 He received his BA (economics) in 1988 from Brandeis University and PhD in history from the University of Pennsylvania in 1996.
 He has written about the media in Nepal in the past and now mostly writes about higher education, research and knowledge distribution.
 He is a former Chair and current Director of Research, Martin Chautari, Kathmandu, Nepal.
 He is also the founding editor of the journals "Studies in Nepali History and Society" (SINHAS) published since 1996 by Mandala Book Point, Kathmandu and "Media Adhyayan" (established 2006), which he co-edited for 10 years (2006-2015).
 He continues to edit SINHAS.
The Adventist Review is the official newsmagazine of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
 Commonly known as the Review, it is published weekly by the Review and Herald Publishing Association.
 The Review and Herald also publishes a sister magazine, "Adventist World".
 The magazine is headquartered in Silver Spring, Maryland.
 The current editor of the "Adventist Review" is Bill Knott.
 The magazine currently has nearly 30,000 paying subscribers.
 Its library reference number is OCLC 9572173  .
The Seventh-day Adventist educational system is part of the Seventh-day Adventist Church and overseen by the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventist located in Silver Spring, Maryland.The educational system is the second-largest Christian school-system in the world, after the Roman Catholic system.
Ángel Manuel Rodríguez (1945—) is a Seventh-day Adventist theologian and was the director of the Biblical Research Institute (BRI) before his retirement.
 His special research interests include Old Testament, Sanctuary and Atonement, and Old Testament Theology.
 He has written several books, and authors a monthly column in "Adventist World".
Jason Sizemore is an American writer and editor based in Lexington, Kentucky.
 He is the owner and managing editor of Apex Publications.
 He was born in Big Creek, KY (pop.
 400).
 He was the editor and publisher of "Apex Digest", a quarterly science fiction and horror digest that ran for 12 issues between 2005 and 2008.
 As the publisher/managing editor of "Apex Magazine", he was nominated for the Hugo Award in the semiprozine category in 2012, 2013 and 2014.
 As a writer he has published several stories in genre magazines.
 His first short story collection, "Irredeemable", was published in April, 2014.
Adventist HealthCare is a not-for-profit health services organization based in Gaithersburg, Maryland that employs more than 6,200 people and provides healthcare for more than 400,000 individuals in the community each year.
 The primary service area for Adventist HealthCare is the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.
 Despite similar names, it is not a part of the California-based Adventist Health, or the Florida-based Adventist Health System.
