The Vukovar massacre, also known as the Vukovar hospital massacre or the Ovčara massacre, was the killing of Croatian prisoners of war and civilians by Serb paramilitaries and the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) at the Ovčara farm southeast of Vukovar on 20 November 1991, during the Croatian War of Independence.
 The massacre occurred shortly after Vukovar's capture by the JNA, Croatian Serb Territorial Defence (TO), and paramilitaries from neighbouring Serbia.
 It was the largest massacre of the war and the worst war crime in Europe since World War II up until that point.
Drift and Mastery: An Attempt to Diagnose the Current Unrest is the second book by American journalist and political thinker Walter Lippmann.
 Published in the Fall of 1914, "Drift and Mastery" argues that rational scientific governing can overcome forces of societal drift.
 Lippmann argued that due to the profound social and economic change old ideas and institutions lacked relevance.
 Specifically, "Drift and Mastery" warns against a reliance on broad theories and the framework of competition and self-interest.
 Democracy and society at large, he argued, was unable to address problems because it was adrift, lacking intentionality and discipline.
 Lippmann's prescription in "Drift and Mastery" was deliberate and scientific governing, what he termed mastery.
 This forward-looking progressive vision sought a better society through rational, scientific order, while rejecting Marxist, Utopian and traditionalist thinking.
 "Drift and Mastery" received enormously positive reviews, establishing Lippmann as an important public intellectual and figure within the progressive movement.
 Although Lippmann later lost faith in the promise of science and rationality in government, "Drift and Mastery" was and is regarded as an important document of the progressive movement.
The ancient Egyptian document Amherst Papyrus, now known as the Leopold II and Amherst Papyrus, is part of the original court records dealing with the tomb robberies under Ramesses IX and dates to Year 16 of Ramesses IX.
 It contains the confessions of eight men who had broken into the tomb of Sobekemsaf II and a description of the reconstruction of the crime.
 It throws light on the practices followed at ancient Egyptian courts: eliciting confessions by "beating with a double rod, smiting their feet and hands", reconstructing the crime on site, and imprisonment of suspects in the gatehouse of a temple.
 The document remains an important document for understanding the importance of burial and the afterlife in ancient Egypt as well as crime and punishment practices in Egypt during the 20th Dynasty.
The Dressing Point massacre refers to the murder of 40-50 Karankawa people in Mexican Texas near present-day Matagorda by a party of White colonists in 1826.
Ecclesiam suam is an encyclical of Pope Paul VI on the Catholic Church given at St. Peter's, Rome, on the Feast of the Transfiguration, 6 August 1964, the second year of his Pontificate.
 It is considered an important document, which identified the Catholic Church with the Body of Christ.
 A later Council document "Lumen gentium" stated that the Church "subsists in" the Body of Christ, raising questions as to the difference between "is" and "subsists in".
Mexican Texas is the historiographical name used to refer to the era of Texan history between 1821 and 1836, when it was part of Mexico.
 Mexico gained independence from Spain in 1821 in its war of independence.
 Initially, Mexican Texas operated very similarly to Spanish Texas.
 However, the 1824 Constitution of Mexico set up a federal structure, with the province of Tejas joined with the province of Coahuila to form the state of Coahuila y Tejas.
The Battle of Velasco, fought June 25–26, 1832, was the first true military conflict between Mexico and settlers in Texas.
 It began when Texan insurgents attacked Fort Velasco, located in what was then Velasco and what is now the city of Surfside Beach.
 The Mexican commander during the conflict, Domingo de Ugartechea, tried to stop the Texans,under John Austin, from transporting a cannon up the Brazos River to attack the city of Anahuac.
 The Texian militia eventually prevailed over the Mexicans when Ugartechea surrendered after a two-day battle, once he realized he would not be receiving reinforcements, and his soldiers had run out.
 But After Mexico won independence from Spain, it legalized immigration from the United States.
 Empresarios were granted contracts to settle immigrants from the United States and Europe in Mexican Texas.
 As the number of Anglos living in Texas increased, Mexican authorities began to fear the United States would want to annex Texas.
 On April 6, 1830 the Mexican government passed a series of laws restricting immigration from the United States into Texas.
 The laws also canceled all unfilled empresario contracts and established customs houses in Texas to enforce the collection of customs duties.
 Mexican military officer Juan Davis Bradburn, formerly an American citizen, was appointed commander of a new customs and garrison post on Galveston Bay.
 In October 1830 Bradburn established a post atop a 30 ft bluff at the entrance to the Trinity River.
 The post became known as Anahuac.
Melesio "Mel" Casas (November 24, 1929 – November 30, 2014) was a Chicano artist, activist, writer and teacher.
 He used visual statements, his sense of humor and love of puns to "address cultural stereotypes."
 His work has been collected by the San Antonio Museum of Art, Smithsonian American Art Museum, and nationally and internationally.
 He is best known for his series of 150 large-scale paintings called "Humanscapes" that were painted between 1965 and 1989.
 Casas was also well known as a writer and theorist.
 His "Brown Paper Report" is considered an important document of Chicano history.
 In his writing, he emphasized the importance of "self-determination" and equality for Chicanos/as.
 He is considered to be one of the important founders of the Chicano Arts movement.
 Casas felt that once artists had a fair chance to exhibit in the United States, then they would become part of "Americana."
The Skull Creek massacre refers to the murder of at least 19 Karankawa people in Mexican Texas by a company of white colonists in February 1823.
 Before 1823, there were few settlers of European heritage from the United States in the state of Texas.
 With the formation of the First Mexican Republic in 1823 and the opening of Mexican Texas to colonists from the United States, white people began to settle in Texas.
 The subsequent pushing of Native Americans off of their land, combined with Native American raids on the new settlers' cattle, led to deep hostility and conflict between the two groups.
The Constitution of Ukrainian National Republic (Ukrainian: Конституція Української Народної Республіки , "Konstytutsiya Ukrayinskoi Narodnoi Respubliky") is a constitutional document approved by the Central Rada on April 29, 1918, but never promulgated.
 Hence the document never acquired the legal power.
 Nevertheless, it remains an important document from the period of the Ukrainian National Republic from 1917-1918.
