The Beatles: Rock Band is a 2009 music video game developed by Harmonix, published by MTV Games, and distributed by Electronic Arts.
 It is the third major console release in the "Rock Band" music video game series, in which players can simulate the playing of rock music by using controllers shaped like musical instruments.
 "The Beatles: Rock Band" is the first band-centric game in the series, and it is centered on the popular English rock group the Beatles.
 The game features virtual portrayals of the four band members performing the songs throughout the band's history, including depictions of some of their famous live performances, as well as a number of "dreamscape" sequences for songs from the Abbey Road Studios recording sessions during the group's studio years.
 The game's soundtrack consists of 45 Beatles songs; additional songs and albums by the Beatles were made available for the game as downloadable content.
Alan Victor White (born 26 May 1972 in Lewisham, South London) is an English rock drummer, best known as being the drummer of the English rock band Oasis from 1995 to 2004.
 Before Oasis, he was the drummer of Starclub from 1991 to 1994.
 He is the longest serving drummer in the band's history, performing on four studio albums, two compilation albums and one live album during his tenure.
 He joined the band in May 1995 after the band's original drummer Tony McCarroll was removed from the band.
 He was recommended to Noel Gallagher by Gallagher's friend Paul Weller.
 Notably, Alan's brother Steve has been longtime drummer for Weller.
 White left Oasis in early 2004 in somewhat unclear circumstances.
 He was replaced by Zak Starkey, drummer of The Who and son of The Beatles' drummer Ringo Starr.
The Darkness are an English rock band from Lowestoft, Suffolk, formed in 2000.
 The band consists of Justin Hawkins (lead vocals, guitar), his brother Dan Hawkins (guitar, backing vocals), Frankie Poullain (bass, backing vocals) and Rufus Tiger Taylor (drums).
"I Still Remember" is a song by English rock band Bloc Party.
 It was released as a single from their second studio album, "A Weekend in the City".
, being the first U.S. single and second UK single from the album.
 The single was released in Britain in two 7" formats as well as a CD version.
 The B-sides are "Atonement", "Cain Said To Abel", "Selfish Son", and "I Still Remember (Music Box And Tears Remix)".
 A limited edition "I Still Remember" 7" was also given to the first 1000 people who pre-ordered the album from Insound.
 The music video was made by Aggressive and was first shown on 8 January 2007 on MTV2.
 Upon release, the song reached number 24 on the Billboard Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart (since renamed Alternative Songs), making it the band's highest charting single in the US, besting the number 34 peak of "Banquet" on the same chart in 2005.
Philip John Taylor (21 September 1954 – 11 November 2015), better known as Phil "Philthy Animal" Taylor, was an English rock drummer in the English rock band Motörhead from 1975–1984 and 1987–1992 recording eleven studio albums and four live albums, including "No Sleep 'til Hammersmith" and "Nö Sleep at All," between them.
 The Motörhead line-up consisting of Lemmy, "Fast" Eddie Clarke and Taylor are considered the 'classic' line-up of the band.
"Reapers" is a song by English rock band Muse.
 It was released as the second promotional single from the band's seventh studio album "Drones", and was given a 7" single release, as part of Record Store Day 2016, on 16 April 2016 as the fifth and final single from Drones.
 It peaked at number 75 on the French Singles Chart, 71 on the Swiss Hitparade singles chart, 37 on "Billboard"' s Hot Rock Songs, and became Muse's highest-charting single on "Billboard"' s Mainstream Rock Songs at number 2.
The Company of Snakes were an English rock band formed in 1998, by former members of the English rock band Whitesnake who were also members of The Snakes.
 They released two albums before morphing into M3 during 2004.
The Who Hits 50!
 is a compilation of singles by the English rock band The Who, released in 2014 by Polydor Records.
 The two-disc set contains every single released by the band in the United Kingdom, with the exceptions of: "A Legal Matter" and "La-La-La-Lies" from 1966; and "Long Live Rock" and the remake of "I'm One" from 1979.
 At the same time it also contains every single by the band released in the United States throughout their career, with the exceptions of: "The Real Me" from 1974; the reissue of "Substitute" from 1976; and "Long Live Rock" from 1979.
 A condensed single-disc standard edition appeared as well, both versions in conjunction with the band's 50th anniversary and associated tour of the same name.
 The album is notable for containing singles generally not included on other compilation albums, such as the band's Rolling Stones cover "The Last Time" done as an act of solidarity while Mick and Keith were facing jail time, along with other lesser-known singles "Dogs" and "Call Me Lightning".
Zak Richard Starkey (born 13 September 1965) is an English rock drummer whose music career spans more than 30 years.
 He has performed and recorded with English rock band The Who since 1996.
 He is also the third drummer to have appeared with English rock band Oasis.
 He has also worked with other musicians and bands such as Johnny Marr, Paul Weller, The Icicle Works, The Waterboys, ASAP, The Lightning Seeds, and John Entwistle.
 He is the son of The Beatles drummer Ringo Starr.
"The Prayer" is a song by English rock band Bloc Party.
 It was released as the lead single from their second studio album, "A Weekend in the City", except in the U.S. where it is the second single as "I Still Remember" was the first song from the album to be released in North America.
 It was released by Wichita Recordings on 29 January 2007 and is the band's highest charting single worldwide.
 The lyrics deal with drug use in nightclubs and party environments.
 Band frontman Kele Okereke says he was inspired to write the song after hearing Busta Rhymes' song "Touch It".
 He also described the song as having a "crunk-like" effect.
 A cover version of "The Prayer" by KT Tunstall is included in "Radio 1's Live Lounge – Volume 2", and on her single "If Only".
