Mario Alberto Kempes Chiodi (born 15 July 1954 in Bell Ville, Córdoba) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a striker.
 His father, Mario, also a footballer, inspired him to play from a young age.
 At the age of seven he began playing with a junior team and at fourteen, he joined the Talleres reserves.
 A prolific goalscorer, at club level he is best known for playing for Valencia, finishing as La Liga's top goalscorer twice, and amassing 116 goals in 184 league games for the club.
Mariano Alejandro Campodónico (born 4 May 1974) is a retired Argentine footballer forward who last played for Cañuelas.
 He is the brother of current footballer Pablo Campodónico.
José Daniel Valencia (born 3 October 1955 in San Salvador, Jujuy Province) is a retired Argentine footballer, who played as an attacking midfielder.
 He is perhaps most famous for having been part of the 1978 World Cup winning squad.
Marcelo Alejandro Delgado (born 24 March 1973 in Capitán Bermúdez, Santa Fe Province) is a retired Argentine footballer, best known for his nickname "Chelo".
 He usually plays as a deep-lying forward, and is currently in Defensores de Villa Cassini, Argentina.
 He is regarded as one of the best Argentinian forwards in the past decade.
 He has been capped for Argentina and played at the 1996 Olympic Games and the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
 He is well known for his technical ability and finishing.
José Raúl Aveiro Lamas (born 18 July 1936 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a retired Paraguayan footballer.
 He played for Sportivo Luqueño, Valencia CF and Elche CF.
Valencia CF did not succeed in defending their La Liga title, finishing in 5th place.
 "Los Che" also got to the quarter finals of the UEFA Champions League, where former coach Héctor Cúper and Inter got the upper hand over Valencia and Rafael Benítez.
 The main player during the season was Pablo Aimar, who was the only player making waves in the season, where the previously solid defense did not perform as previously.
This is a list of seasons played by Valencia CF Femenino, the women's section of Spanish football club Valencia CF, and its predecessor DSV Colegio Alemán.
 The team was created in its original form in 1998, and has represented Valencia CF since the 2009–10 season.
Luis Artime (born 2 December 1938 in Parque Civit in Mendoza Province) is a retired Argentine footballer, who played as a striker, and scored more than 1000 goals during his career.
 His son Luis Fabián Artime is also a retired Argentine footballer who played in the 1990s.
Higinio Ortúzar Santamaria (10 January 1915 - 8 November 1982) is a retired Chilean footballer who played in Spain for Barakaldo CF, Athletic Bilbao, Valencia CF and Real Valladolid.
 After retiring as a player, he became a football coach, and managed sides including CD Logroñés.
Claudio Javier López (] , born 17 July 1974) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a forward.
