Carole Gray (born 1940 in Bulawayo, Rhodesia (today's Zimbabwe) is a former British dancer and actress who in the 1960s, particularly in West End musicals.
 She appeared in television series such as "The Avengers", and made her film debut as Cliff Richard's girlfriend Toni in "The Young Ones" (1961).
 Thereafter, she appeared mainly in horror films, such as "Curse of the Fly", "Devils of Darkness", and "Island of Terror", and was given the nickname the "Scream Queen".
 She was married to diamond heir Douglas Cullinan.
Benjamin Charles Elton (born 3 May 1959) is an English comedian, author, playwright, actor and director.
 He was a part of London's alternative comedy movement of the 1980s and became a writer on series such as "The Young Ones" and "Blackadder", as well as continuing as a stand-up comedian on stage and television.
 His style in the 1980s was left-wing political satire.
 Since then he has published 15 novels and written the musicals "We Will Rock You" (2002) and "Love Never Dies" (2010), the sequel to "The Phantom of the Opera".
 His novels cover the Dystopian, Satire, and Crime genres.
David Mirkin (born September 18, 1955) is an American feature film and television director, writer and producer.
 Mirkin grew up in Philadelphia and intended to become an electrical engineer, but abandoned this career path in favor of studying film at Loyola Marymount University.
 After graduating, he became a stand-up comedian, and then moved into television writing.
 He wrote for the sitcoms "Three's Company", "It's Garry Shandling's Show" and "The Larry Sanders Show" and served as showrunner on the series "Newhart".
 After an unsuccessful attempt to remake the British series "The Young Ones", Mirkin created "Get a Life" in 1990.
 The series starred comedian Chris Elliott and ran for two seasons, despite a lack of support from many Fox network executives, who disliked the show's dark and surreal humor.
 He moved on to create the sketch show "The Edge" starring his then-partner, actress Julie Brown.
Filthy Rich & Catflap is a BBC sitcom produced in 1986 and broadcast in 1987.
 The series featured former "The Young Ones" co-stars Nigel Planer, Rik Mayall, and Adrian Edmondson as its three title characters.
 It was written by Ben Elton (with additional material credited to Mayall), and produced and directed by Paul Jackson (who also directed "The Young Ones"), with film sequences directed by Ed Bye.
 The show's music was written by Peter Brewis.
 One series consisting of six half-hour episodes was produced.
Oh, No!
 Not THEM!
 is a 1990 American television series remake of the British television show "The Young Ones".
The Young Ones is a British sitcom, broadcast in the United Kingdom from 1982 to 1984 in two six-part series.
 Shown on BBC2, it featured anarchic, offbeat humour which helped bring alternative comedy to television in the 1980s and made household names of its writers and performers.
 In 1985, it was shown on MTV, one of the first non-music television shows on the fledgling channel.
 In a 2004 poll, it ranked at number 31 in the BBC's list of "Britain's Best Sitcoms".
 The show's title relates to the song of the same name, written by Sid Tepper and Roy C. Bennett, and sung by Cliff Richard and The Shadows, which was a No. 1 UK hit single.
"Shugo Chara!
 Party!"
 (しゅごキャラ！パーティー！ , Shugo Kyara!
 Party! )
 is the 2009 sequel and third installment of the Japanese anime television series "Shugo Chara!
".
 Following directly after "Shugo Chara!!
 Doki—", it airs as part of "Shugo Chara!
 Party!"
.
 This third installment introduces a new anime-only character, Rikka Hiiragi, a transfer student who can understand X Eggs.
 The opening theme for the "Shugo Chara!!!
 Dokki Doki" segment is "Watashi no Tamago" (lit.
 My Egg) performed by "Shugo Chara Egg!
", while the opening for "Shugo Chara Party!"
 itself is "Party Time" by "Guardians 4".
 The first ending is "Bravo!
 Bravo!"
 performed by "Buono!
".
 The second opening for "Shugo Chara!!!
 Dokki Doki" is "Arigatou ~Ookiku Kansha~" (lit.
 Thank You For Everything!)
 also performed by "Shugo Chara Egg!
", and the second opening for "Shugo Chara!
 Party!"
 is "Going On!"
, also performed by "Guardians 4".
 The second ending is "Our Songs" also performed by "Buono!
".
 Although "Party" was originally thought to be a non-canon to the original series, it was revealed later on that it is a continuation of the story after the conclusion of the manga.
Adrian Charles "Ade" Edmondson (born 24 January 1957) is an English comedian, actor, writer, musician, television presenter and director.
 He came to prominence in the early 1980s and was part of the alternative comedy boom.
 He is probably best known for his comedic roles in the television series "The Young Ones" (1982–84) and "Bottom" (1991–95), which he wrote together with his long-time collaborative partner Rik Mayall.
 Edmondson also appeared in "The Comic Strip Presents..." series of films throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
 For one episode of this he created the spoof heavy metal band Bad News, and for another he played his nihilistic alter-ego Eddie Monsoon, an offensive South African television star.
Roland Rat is a British television puppet character.
 He was created, operated and voiced by David Claridge, who had previously designed and operated Mooncat a puppet in the Children's ITV television programme "Get Up and Go!
" He worked for Jim Henson, then the second series of "The Young Ones".
 Claridge would later operate and voice Brian the Dinosaur for BBC's "Parallel 9"; create and direct "Happy Monsters", a preschool series for Channel 5; and shoot a CGI series "Mozart's Dog" for Paramount Comedy.
The Young Ones is a video game based on the British comedy television series, "The Young Ones".
