Anna Aloysia "Maximiliane" Louise von Lamberg (?
 - died 28 June 1738) was an Austrian countess who was successively the mistress of Augustus II the Strong, King of Poland, and Aleksander Benedykt Sobieski.
 She is known to history as Countess Esterle.
Platypodium elegans or the graceful platypodium is a large leguminous tree found in the Neotropics that forms part of the forest canopy.
 It was first described by Julius Rudolph Theodor Vogel in 1837 and is the type species of the genus.
 The tree has been known to grow up to 30 metres in height and have a trunk with a diameter up to 1 m at breast height.
 Its trunk has large holes in it, sometimes making it possible to see through the trunk.
 The holes provide a habitat for giant damselflies and other insects both when alive and once the tree has died and fallen over.
 It has compound leaves each of which is made up of 10–20 leaflets.
 Three new chemical compounds have been isolated from the leaves and they form part of the diet of several monkeys and the squirrel "Sciurus ingrami".
 In Panama it flowers from April to June, the flowers contain only four ovules, but normally only one of these reaches maturity forming a winged seed pod around 10 cm long and weighing 2 g.
 During the dry season around a year after the flowers are fertilised, the seeds are dispersed by the wind and the tree loses it leaves.
 The seeds are eaten by agoutis and by bruchid beetle larvae.
 The majority of seedlings are killed by damping off fungi in the first few months of growth, with seedlings that grow nearer the parent trees being more likely to die.
 The seedlings are relatively unable to survive in deep shade compared to other species in the same habitat.
 Various epiphytes are known to grow on "P. elegans" with the cactus "Epiphyllum phyllanthus" being the most abundant in Panama.
 Despite having holes in its trunk which should encourage debris and seeds to collect, hemiepiphytes are relatively uncommon, meaning that animals are not attracted to it to feed and then defecate.
 It has no known uses in traditional medicine and although it can be used for timber, the wood is of poor quality.
Aplysina archeri (also known as stove-pipe sponge because of its shape) is a species of tube sponge that has long tube-like structures of cylindrical shape.
 Although they can grow in a single tube, they often grow in large groups of up to 22 tubes.
 A single tube can grow up to 5 ft high and 3 in thick.
 These sponges mostly live in the Western Atlantic Ocean: the Caribbean, The Bahamas, Florida, and Bonaire.
 Like most sponges, they are filter feeders; they eat food such as plankton or suspended detritus as it passes them.
 Very little is known about their behavioral patterns except for their feeding ecology and reproductive biology.
 Tubes occur in varying colors including lavender, gray, and brown.
 They reproduce both by asexual and sexual reproduction.
 These sponges take hundreds of years to grow and never stop growing until they die.
 Snails are among their natural predators.
 The population density of these sponges is going down because of oil spills and other pollution.
'Orchid' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus "Neoregelia" in the Bromeliad family.
 Neoregelia is known for its long lasting color which can often be six months or longer.
Aloysia is a genus of flowering plants in the verbena family, Verbenaceae.
 They are known generally as beebrushes.
 They are native to the Americas, where they are distributed in temperate climates, as well as in subtropical and desert climates.
 The genus is named for Maria Luisa of Parma (1751-1819), wife of King Charles IV of Spain.
The School of Inspired Leadership, also known as SOIL, is a private business school located in Gurgaon, Haryana, India.
 It was founded by Anil Sachdev who was formerly the CEO of the consulting firm Grow Talent Company Limited before the consulting business was sold to the American HR Consulting firm Right Management.
 The name Grow Talent Company was retained and SOIL functions as a unit of Grow Talent Company.
Lithophytes are plants that grow in or on rocks.
 Those that grow on rocks are also known as epipetric or epilithic plants.
 Lithophytes that grow on land feed off nutrients from rain water and nearby decaying plants, including their own dead tissue.
 Chasmophytes grow in fissures in rocks where soil or organic matter has accumulated.
Luisa Sigea de Velasco (1522 in Tarancón – October 13, 1560 in Burgos), also known as Luísa Sigeia, Luísa Sigea Toledana and in the Latinized form Aloysia Sygaea Toletana, was a poet and intellectual of the 16th century, one of the major figures of Spanish humanism, who spent a good part of her life in the Portuguese court in the service of Maria of Portugal (1521–1577), as her Latin teacher.
 André de Resende wrote the following epitaph for her: Hic sita SIGAEA est: satis hoc: qui cetera nescit Rusticus est: artes nec colit ille bonas, (Loosely translated: Here lies Sigea; no more need be said; anyone who does not know the rest is an uneducated fool.)
Ayinoor Vasu (GROW Vasu) (born 1930) is a well known Human rights activist and respected trade unionist in Kerala, India.
 He is also known as "GROW Vasu" as he was the leader of Gwalior Rayons Workers' Organisation (GROW).
Aloysia wrightii is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family known by the common names Wright's beebrush and oreganillo.
 It is native to the Sonoran Desert of southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it can be found in moist desert canyons, scrub, and woodland habitat.
 This is a thickly branching shrub which reaches nearly two meters in maximum height and is generally rounded in form.
 It has small, oval-shaped to nearly round leaves each no more than two centimeters long.
 The leaves have lightly toothed edges and hairy undersides.
 The inflorescence is a narrow, woolly spike up to 6 centimeters long, with small, widely spaced white flowers.
 It is a valuable nectar source for native solitary bees.
 It is also larval and adult food plant for the rustic sphinx moth "(Manduca rustica)".
