Generosity: An Enhancement is the tenth novel by American author Richard Powers.
 Like other Powers novels it is idea-driven, strongly focusing on social alienation and scientific progress.
 The novel employs metafiction, including real-time intrusions by the narrator who explicitly sets the novel in a "parallel" Chicago.
Eve Unsell (1887 – July 6, 1937) was an American screenwriter.
 She wrote for 96 films between 1914 and 1933.
 She was born in Chicago, Illinois, and died in Hollywood, California.
 Eve was an American scenarist who was known to also use the pseudonym Oliver W. Geoffreys as well as E.M. Unsell.
 She was born in Chicago, Illinois, and died on July 6, 1937.
 There is little documentation of her private life except that she was married in 1911 until her death, to a man named Lester Blankfield.
 Eve Unsell was a professional in her career as a scenarist, overcoming many challenges along the way.
 Eve wrote for over 96 films in her lifetime, and edited over ten.
 Some of her most famous screen writes turned into productions include "Shadows" (1922), "The Ancient Mariner" (1925), "The Plastic Age" (1925), and "The Spirit of Youth" (1929).
 Although she was most famous for her work in scenario writing she can also be given credit as an adapter, company director, editor, play reader, screenwriter, theatre actress, and writer.
 She helped in the writing of many novels as long as editing many different pieces from literature to theatrical writing.
Shadows in Flight is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card.
 When released in 2012, it became the tenth novel published in the "Ender's Game" series.
 The story follows on from where the original four "Shadow series" books left off.
 It is about Bean and his children discovering an ancient Formic "ark" during their journey in space.
 A sample chapter was released on November 28, 2011.
 The hardcover version was released on January 17, 2012, and the paperback was released on January 29, 2013.
 It was nominated for the Goodreads Choice Award for science fiction.
Persistence of Memory is the tenth novel by American teen author Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and is the fifth novel in her Den of Shadows series.
 Published on December 9, 2008 the novel tells the story of Erin Misrahe and her struggles with her alter-ego Shevaun, who is in fact a vampire with whom Erin has a link.
 The novel also mentions a character from Atwater-Rhodes's previous novel, "In the Forests of the Night" (1999), Alexander, the brother of the protagonist, Risika.
 The poem by Edgar Allan Poe entitled "A Dream Within a Dream" is featured in the novel.
"J" Is for Judgment is the tenth novel in Sue Grafton's "Alphabet" series of mystery novels and features Kinsey Millhone, a private eye based in Santa Teresa, California.
 The novel features a significant development in Kinsey's personal back-story, as she discovers that she has extensive family living in the Lompoc area.
Walter Sorrells is an award-winning author of mystery and suspense novels for adults and teens.
 He has written many novels, including "Fake I.D.", named one of the ten Best Mysteries by Booklist magazine in 2005 and several novels based-on the television series Flight 29 Down.
 He also writes under the pseudonyms Lynn Abercrombie and Ruth Birmingham.
 He graduated from Haverford College in 1985, where he majored in History.
The Diamond Chariot (Russian: Алмазная Колесница , the Russian term for the "Diamond Vehicle" ("kongōjō") school of Tantric Buddhism) is a historical mystery novel by internationally acclaimed Russian detective story writer Boris Akunin, published originally in 2003.
 It is the tenth novel in Akunin's Erast Fandorin series of historical detective novels.
 As with all of the other Fandorin novels, "The Diamond Chariot" was hugely successful in Russia, selling out its first printing of 200,000 copies in a week.
A Sleeping Life is a crime-novel by British writer Ruth Rendell, first published in 1978.
 It features her popular investigator Detective Inspector Wexford, and is the tenth novel in the series.
 It was shortlisted for the Mystery Writers' Of America Edgar Award, making it one of only two Inspector Wexford novels ever to have been shortlisted for either of the "big two" crime-fiction awards, the Edgar or the CWA Gold Dagger, despite the series' huge commercial popularity. "
An Unkindness of Ravens" was also nominated several years later.
"Shadows on the Stars" is a work of fiction by T. A. Barron, published by Penguin Young Readers Group.
 The book is the tenth novel in the 12-book series known as Merlin Saga.
 It was originally published as "The Great Tree of Avalon: Shadows on the Stars", the second novel in "The Great Tree of Avalon" trilogy, and is set in a world made up of a great tree and its seven roots inhabited by creatures.
Castle Richmond is the third of five novels set in Ireland by Anthony Trollope.
 "Castle Richmond" was written between 4 August 1859 and 31 March 1860, and was published in three volumes on 10 May 1860.
 It was his tenth novel.
 Trollope signed the contract for the novel on 2 August 1859.
 He received £600, £200 more than the payment for his previous novel, "The Bertrams," reflecting his growing popular success.
