The Crips also known as Original Crip Homies (OCH) are a primarily African-American gang.
 They were founded in Los Angeles, California in 1969 mainly by Raymond Washington and Stanley Williams.
 What was once a single alliance between two autonomous gangs is now a loosely connected network of individual "sets", often engaged in open warfare with one another.
 Its members traditionally wear blue clothing, a practice that has waned somewhat due to police crackdowns on gang members.
Veronica Hendrix is a journalist and feature columnist whose work has covered the span of the human continuum - from clinical trials of male contraceptives, to the gang violence.
 Her column "Veronica's View" appears weekly in the "Los Angeles Sentinel" newspaper, the online newsletter "BlackNLA.com", and various other news outlets across the nation.
 She is the producer of the highly acclaimed half-hour talk show called “"LA Woman"”, which airs on L.A. City View Channel 35, and is a Los Angeles Emmy nominated producer.
 Veronica’s career as a journalist has included being a reporter for "USA Today" and a producer for a radio talk show in Los Angeles which focused on issues impacting the African-American family.
 Veronica is a native of Southern California.
Shane Stanley (born June 15, 1971 in Los Angeles) is a multi-Emmy Award-winning filmmaker and founder of Visual Arts Entertainment, a film and television production company based in Los Angeles.
 Best known for executive producing "Gridiron Gang" starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson for Sony Pictures and directing Bret Michaels music videos supporting the hit show "Rock of Love".
 Stanley, a four-time nominee, was the youngest to ever win a production Emmy Award, winning his first at sixteen and his second at nineteen for his work on The Desperate Passage Series.
 Stanley made his directorial debut helming his own screenplay "A Sight for Sore Eyes" which starred Academy Award nominee Gary Busey.
 Besides being honored with dozens of prestigious awards and film festival honors, the film was invited to screen at the Cannes Film Festival in 2005 and won Best Drama at the International Family Film Festival in 2006.
The Los Angeles Community College District (LACCD) is the community college district serving Los Angeles, California, United States and some of its neighboring cities and certain unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County.
 Its headquarters are in Downtown Los Angeles.
 Over the past seventy-seven years LACCD has served as educator to more than three million students.
 In addition to typical college aged students, the LACCD also serves adults of all ages.
 Indeed, over half of all LACCD students are older than 25 years of age, and more than a quarter are 35 or older.
 LACCD educates almost three times as many Latino students and nearly four times as many African-American students as all of the University of California campuses combined.
 Eighty percent of LACCD students are from underserved populations.
 The Los Angeles Community College District is the largest community college district in the United States and is one of the largest in the world.
 The nine colleges within the district offer educational opportunities to students in Los Angeles.
 It serves students located in the Alhambra, Beverly Hills, Burbank, Culver City, Garvey, Las Virgenes, Los Angeles, Montebello, Palos Verdes and San Gabriel school districts.
 The district covers the Los Angeles city limits, San Fernando, Calabasas, Agoura Hills, Hidden Hills, Burbank, West Hollywood, Beverly Hills, Culver City, Alhambra, Monterey Park, San Gabriel, Rosemead (southern portion), Montebello, Commerce, Vernon, Huntington Park, Bell, Cudahy, Bell Gardens, South Gate, Gardena, Carson, Lomita, Palos Verdes Estates, Rolling Hills, Rancho Palos Verdes, and numerous unincorporated communities, including East Los Angeles, Florence-Firestone, Athens, and Walnut Park.
 The LACCD consists of nine colleges and covers an area of more than 882 sqmi .
Stanley Tookie Williams III (December 29, 1953 – December 13, 2005) was an American gang member and convicted murderer, who co-founded the West Side Crips, a street gang which has its roots in South Central Los Angeles in 1969.
 In 1979, he was convicted of murdering four people— a 7-Eleven employee, and in a separate occasion, an elderly Taiwanese couple and their daughter — and sentenced to death.
A Los Angeles Police Department C.R.A.S.H. initiative that began in April 1987, Operation Hammer was a large scale attempt to crack down on gang violence in Los Angeles, California.
 After a group of people at a birthday party were shot down on their front lawn in a drive-by shooting, Chief of Police Daryl F. Gates responded with a roundup of gang members.
 At the height of this operation in April 1988, 1,453 people were arrested by one thousand police officers in South Central Los Angeles (now South Los Angeles) in a single weekend.
Owensmouth, California was a town founded in 1912 in the Western part of the San Fernando Valley.
 Owensmouth joined the city of Los Angeles in 1917, and was renamed Canoga Park on March 1, 1931.
 Owensmouth was named for the 1913 Owens River aqueduct's terminus in current Canoga Park.
 The town was started by the Los Angeles Suburban Homes Company as part of an extraordinary real estate development in Southern California.
 Los Angeles Suburban Homes Company was owned by a syndicate of rich Los Angeles investors, developers, and speculators: including Harrison Gray Otis, Harry Chandler, Moses Sherman, Hobart Johnstone Whitley, and others.
 It anticipated possible connections to but was planned independent of the soon to be completed (1913) Los Angeles Aqueduct from the Owens River watershed to the City of Los Angeles through the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles County.
The newly built Sherman Way double drive and the Pacific Electric street cars, opened on December 7, 1912, gave new access to the town and to the other new towns in the valley Van Nuys (1911) and Marion (now Reseda);
Barriox13, B13 in short, is a street gang in South Los Angeles consisting of over 200 members, many of which are inactive.
 It is divided into West Side Barriox13 and East Side Barriox13 gang with all members loyal to the Barriox13 gang.
 It was established in the early 1980s near El Segundo Boulevard and Main St in South Los Angeles, California.
 The Original group of Barriox13 gang members began the gang for self-protection.
 It is a South Side (Sureno) gang loyal to Hispanic prison gangs.
The Millennium Biltmore Hotel, originally named the Los Angeles Biltmore Hotel of the Biltmore Hotels group, is a luxury hotel located across the street from Pershing Square in Downtown Los Angeles, California, US.
 Upon its grand opening in 1923, the Los Angeles Biltmore was the largest hotel west of Chicago, Illinois in the United States.
 In 1969 the Biltmore Hotel was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument by the City of Los Angeles.
 Regal Hotels purchased the Biltmore in 1996, and then sold it in 1999 to Millennium & Copthorne Hotels.
 As of 2009, the Los Angeles Biltmore is operated as part of the Millennium & Copthorne Hotels chain as the Millennium Biltmore Hotel.
 The hotel has 70000 sqft of meeting and banquet space.
 From its original 1500 guestrooms it now has 683, due to room reorganization.
Cle Shaheed Sloan (born May 22, 1969) is an American activist, actor and documentary director from Los Angeles, California, USA.
 While still a member of Athens Park Bloods, a Los Angeles street gang, Sloan worked to reform gang culture to put an end to gang violence from the inside.
