Tanjong Pagar railway station (Malay: "Stesen Keretapi Tanjong Pagar" ; ; Tamil: தஞ்சோங் பகார் ரயில் நிலையம் ), also called Singapore railway station (Malay: "Stesen Keretapi Singapura" ; ; Tamil: சிங்கப்பூர் ரயில் நிலையம் ) or Keppel Road railway station, is a former railway station located at 30 Keppel Road in Singapore.
 The station was the southern terminus of the network operated by Keretapi Tanah Melayu (KTM), the main railway operator in Malaysia, until 30 June 2011 when the station ceased operations with relocation of the KTM station to Woodlands Train Checkpoint.
 The land on which the station and the KTM railway tracks stood was originally owned by KTM and over which Malaysia had partial sovereignty.
 This arrangement lasted until 30 June 2011, when rail service to Tanjong Pagar was ended and the land reverted to Singapore.
Koo Tsai Kee () is a Singaporean associate professor and former politician.
 He was a Member of Parliament from 1991 to 2011, representing the Tiong Bahru division under the Tanjong Pagar Group Representation Constituency (Tanjong Pagar GRC).
 While he retired, his constituency was merged into Tanjong Pagar and renamed to Tanjong Pagar-Tiong Bahru.
The Tanjong Pagar Dock Company, (1864–1905), the forerunner of today's Port of Singapore Authority, was founded by Guthrie and Company and Tan Kim Ching.
 The company was expropriated by the Government in 1905 who replaced it with the Tanjong Pagar Dock Board.
Tanjong Pagar Group Representation Constituency (; Malay: "Kawasan Undi Perwakilan Berkumpulan Tanjong Pagar" ; Tamil: தஞ்சோங் பகார் குழுத்தொகுதி ) is currently a five-member Group Representation Constituency (GRC) in Central and Western Singapore, consisting of the Buona Vista, Queenstown, Moulmein-Cairnhill, Tanjong Pagar-Tiong Bahru and Henderson-Dawson electoral wards.
 Geographically, this GRC consists of the areas of Tanjong Pagar, Queenstown, Tiong Bahru, Tanglin, Orchard Road, Bukit Merah, Buona Vista and Pek Kio.
 It is co-led by Senior Minister of State for Finance and Law Indranee Rajah, and led by Minister in the Prime Minister's Office and Labour Chief Chan Chun Sing.
 This GRC notably contains the electoral division where the late founding Prime Minister and former Senior Minister and Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew had stood since his debut in 1955.
One Raffles Place, formerly Overseas Union Bank Centre or OUB Centre is one of the tallest skyscrapers in the city of Singapore.
 It was the tallest together with the UOB Plaza and Republic Plaza until the construction of Tanjong Pagar Centre in 2016.
 At 280 m , it was also the tallest building in the world outside North America at the time of its completion in 1986, surpassing South Korea's 63 Building completed one year earlier, until it was succeeded by the Bank of China Tower.
 The building sits at the city centre of Raffles Place.
United Overseas Bank Plaza (UOB Plaza) (Chinese: 大华银行大厦) is a complex with twin tower late-modernist skyscrapers in the city of Singapore.
 UOB Plaza One was one of the three tallest in the city, sharing the title with the OUB Centre and Republic Plaza, but now the second tallest since the construction of Tanjong Pagar Centre in 2016.
 UOB Plaza Two is the shorter and older building with construction completed in 1973 and later renovated in 1995 with a similar facade as UOB Plaza One.
 Both buildings are connected by a 45 m podium supported by four columns.
 The podium houses the banking hall of the United Overseas Bank's main branch.
 The building was opened by then Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew in 1995 which is 60 years after United Overseas Bank's founding.
Neil Road (Chinese: 尼路) is a one-way road in Chinatown and Tanjong Pagar in the planning areas of Outram and Bukit Merah in Singapore.
 The road starts at the junction of South Bridge Road, Maxwell Road and Tanjong Pagar Road and ends at Jalan Bukit Merah which then merges into the latter.
 At the end of the road, it is a conservation area of several shophouses and a three story Victorian style school building, which was the former site of Fairfield Methodist Girls' School.
 In the Tanjong Pagar area of the road, it is home to rows of conserved shophouses for various purposes.
Tanjong Pagar Centre, also known as Guoco Tower, is a S$3.2 billion mixed-use development located in Tanjong Pagar, Singapore.
 With a height of 290 m , it is currently the tallest building in Singapore, breaking the record held jointly by UOB Plaza, One Raffles Place and Republic Plaza for over 20 years.
Tanjong Pagar Single Member Constituency (Traditional Chinese: 丹戎巴葛單選區; Simplified Chinese: 丹戎巴葛单选区) was a former single-member constituency in Tanjong Pagar, Singapore from 1955 to 1991 and absorbed into Tanjong Pagar GRC.
 It was one of the longest-surviving wards since the pre-independence era, and has been a People's Action Party stronghold.
The city-state of Singapore has over 4,300 completed high-rises, the majority of which are located in the Downtown Core.
 In the city, there are 78 skyscrapers that rise higher than 140 m .
 Tanjong Pagar Centre currently holds the title of tallest building in Singapore.
 It stands at 290m (951 ft), exempted from the height restriction of 280m in the Central Business District.
