Princess of Gossip is a young adult novel by Sabrina Bryan (The Cheetah Girls, Dancing with the Stars) and Julia DeVillers (How My Private, Personal Journal Became A Bestseller).
 The book, published by MTV/Simon & Schuster was released on October 7 and sold out on Amazon.com on the first day.
The Cheetah Girls were an American girl group consisting of Adrienne Bailon, Kiely Williams, Sabrina Bryan, and Raven-Symoné.
 The group was created by Disney, and were made famous by the eponymous Disney Channel original film and its sequels, "The Cheetah Girls 2" and "".
 The group has released three studio albums, "Cheetah-licious Christmas", "", and "TCG" and several RIAA certified Platinum albums including, "The Cheetah Girls", "The Cheetah Girls 2", and "".
 All of their albums and soundtracks have debuted in the "Billboard" 200.
 The soundtrack to their first movie sold over 2 million copies.
Reba Sabrina Hinojos (born September 16, 1984), better known by her stage name Sabrina Bryan, is an American singer, actress, author, songwriter, fashion designer, choreographer, dancer, and television personality best known as a member of the girl group The Cheetah Girls, and for starring in the Disney Channel Original Movie of the same name and its sequels, "The Cheetah Girls 2" and "".
 Before she appeared on television, Bryan was a dancer, and trained at Hart Academy of Dance, located in La Habra, California.
The Cheetah Girls is a musical comedy trilogy series produced by Debra Martin Chase, co-produced by Cheryl Hill and executive produced by Whitney Houston.
 Actresses including Raven-Symoné, Adrienne Bailon, Sabrina Bryan, Kiely Williams, and Lynn Whitfield are featured in the films.
 Besides "The Cheetah Girls" which was set in New York City, each of the other films have been set in a foreign country: "The Cheetah Girls 2" in Barcelona, Spain, and "" in New Delhi, India.
Nate Butler is an American songwriter, music producer, vocal producer, and recording artist based in Atlanta, Georgia.
 He has been a part of 45 plus million records sold worldwide at last count.
 Butler has worked with multi-platinum artists such as Luther Vandross, Victoria Beckham aka Posh Spice, Houston, Craig David, Backstreet Boys, 3LW, Christina Milian, Stacie Orrico, JoJo, Aaron Carter, The Cheetah Girls and others.
 Butler launched the career of the platinum R&B group 3LW by writing their hit singles: No More (Baby I'ma Do Right) and Playas Gon' Play.
 Two of the members of 3LW, Kiely Williams and Adrienne Bailon, went on to become members of the worldwide Disney sensation The Cheetah Girls.
 Butler also penned the notable chart topping R&B smash single "Afterparty" by Koffee Brown, also referred to as a R&B classic.
The Cheetah Girls: One World (also known as The Cheetah Girls 3 or The Cheetah Girls 3: One World) is a 2008 Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered on Disney Channel on August 22, 2008.
 It is the third and final film of "The Cheetah Girls" film trilogy, and the only film without the participation of Raven-Symoné.
The Cheetah Girls 2 is the 2006 sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie, "The Cheetah Girls."
 Its premiere received the highest ratings of all Disney Channel Movies at its time, a total of over 8.1 million viewers, beating the premiere ratings of "High School Musical" (7.7 million), and beating previous highest rated DCOM record holder, "Cadet Kelly" (7.8 million) as well as becoming the highest rated "Cheetah Girls" movie in the trilogy.
 The sequel is about a talented teen quartet who take a whirlwind tour of Spain to pursue their dreams of pop superstardom.
 Unlike its predecessor which incorporated karaoke-like musical numbers, "The Cheetah Girls 2" turned into more of a musical.
 This is also the last film in the series to star Raven-Symoné.
 The film is currently the 7th highest-rated Disney Channel Original Movie and was the highest-rated Disney Channel Original Movie of 2006.
"Not to be confused with Kiely Williams, the American singer and actress, former member of 3LW and The Cheetah Girls."
Kiely Alexis Williams (born July 9, 1986) is an American singer, rapper, dancer, actress, and songwriter.
 She is known for being a member of former girl groups 3LW and The Cheetah Girls.
The Party's Just Begun Tour is the second tour by American girl group, The Cheetah Girls.
 It supported the soundtrack to their second film, The Cheetah Girls 2.
 The tour started September 2006 in Seattle and ended March 2007 in Houston.
 The concerts in Anaheim and San Diego were recorded and released as "".
