Mount Pinchot (9310 ft ) is located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Mount Pinchot is less than 1.5 mi SSE of Mount Stimson while Beaver Woman Lake is southeast of Mount Pinchot.
Mount Le Conte (or LeConte) is a mountain in Sevier County, Tennessee located in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
 At 6593 ft it is the third highest peak in the national park, behind Clingmans Dome (6,643 ft, 2,024 m) and Mount Guyot (6,621 ft, 2,018 m).
 It is also the highest peak that is completely within Tennessee.
 However, from its immediate base to its summit, Mount Le Conte is one of the highest peaks in the Appalachian Mountains rising 5,301 ft (1,616 m) from its base, near Gatlinburg, Tennessee (1,292 ft/394 m).
The Julian Alps (Slovene: "Julijske Alpe" , Italian: "Alpi Giulie" ) are a mountain range of the Southern Limestone Alps that stretch from northeastern Italy to Slovenia, where they rise to 2,864 m at Mount Triglav, the highest peak in Slovenia and of the former Yugoslavia.
 They are named after Julius Caesar, who founded the municipium of Cividale del Friuli at the foot of the mountains.
 A large part of the Julian Alps is included in Triglav National Park.
 The second highest peak of the range, the 2,775 m high Jôf di Montasio, lies in Italy.
Thompson Peak is a mountain (a high point on a tall granite ridge) in Trinity County, California.
 It is the highest peak in the Trinity Alps Wilderness.
 It is the highest point in a ridge that also features Wedding Cake, another well-known Trinity Alps peak.
 Thompson Peak is the highest Peak in the Trinity Alps Wilderness, a vast assemblage of craggy granite mountains in northwestern California (Trinity Alps Wilderness is the seventh largest designated wilderness area in California).
 Thompson Peak is the second highest mountain in Northern California west of the Cascades, after 9027 foot; Mount Eddy.
Stølsdalsnutane or Støylsdalsnutene is a mountain on the border of Aust-Agder and Telemark counties in southern Norway.
 The 1438 m tall mountain actually has 3 peaks, all three are just slightly over the border inside Bykle municipality in Aust-Agder, but much of the mountain lies in neighboring Tokke municipality in Telemark.
 The highest peak, known as "Nordvestre Stølsdalsnuten", is the 7th highest peak in Aust-Agder.
 The second highest of the three peaks, called "Nordre Stølsdalsknuten" is the 9th highest peak in the county at 1424 m , and the third peak, known as "Sørvestre Stølsdalsknuten", is the 10th highest peak in the county at 1420 m .
Mount Stimson (10142 ft ) is the second highest peak in Glacier National Park, located in Montana, United States.
 It is part of the Lewis Range, which spans much of the park.
 It is located in the remote southwestern portion of the park, approximately 5 mi west of the Continental Divide and 12 mi southeast of Lake McDonald.
 It is drained by Pinchot Creek (on the south) and Nyack Creek (on the other sides), both of which flow into the Middle Fork of the Flathead River.
Mount Schurz el.
 11007 ft is a mountain peak in the Absaroka Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 Mount Schurz is the second highest peak in Yellowstone.
 The mountain was originally named Mount Doane by Henry D. Washburn during the Washburn–Langford–Doane Expedition in 1871.
 Later the name Mount Doane was given to another peak in the Absaroka Range by geologist Arnold Hague.
 In 1885, Hague named the mountain for the 13th U.S. Secretary of the Interior, Carl Schurz (1877–1881).
 Schurz was the first Secretary of the Interior to visit Yellowstone and a strong supporter of the national park movement.
Mount Foraker is a 17400 ft mountain in the central Alaska Range, in Denali National Park, 14 mi southwest of Denali.
 It is the second highest peak in the Alaska Range, and the third highest peak in the United States.
 It rises almost directly above the standard base camp for Denali, on a fork of the Kahiltna Glacier also near Mount Hunter in the Alaska Range.
Mount Hubley is the second highest peak in the Brooks Range, Alaska, USA.
 Located in the eastern Brooks Range, in what are known as the Romanzof Mountains, Mount Hubley is 5 mi north of Mount Isto, the tallest peak in the Brooks Range.
 Mount Hubley is within the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and was named in 1958 for Dr. Richard Carleton Hubley, a coordinator for the International Geophysical Year who died in 1957 while doing research on the adjacent McCall Glacier.
 In 2014 new measurement technology established that Mount Hubley is the second highest peak in the Brooks Range after Mount Isto.
 Previously, Mount Chamberlin was believed to be the tallest, but it is now ranked third.
Mount Tehama (also called Brokeoff Volcano or Brokeoff Mountain) is an eroded andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascade Range in Northern California.
 Part of the Lassen volcanic area, its highest remaining remnant, Brokeoff Mountain, is itself the second highest peak in Lassen Volcanic National Park and connects to the park's highest point, Lassen Peak.
 Located on the border of Tehama County and Shasta County, Tehama's peak is the highest point in the former.
 The hikers that summit this mountain each year are treated to "exceptional" views of Lassen Peak, the Central Valley of California, and many of the park's other features.
 On clear days, Mount Shasta can also be seen in the distance.
