Lyle Douglas "Doug" Basham Jr. (born May 12, 1971) is an American professional wrestler, He is best known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment between 2002 and 2007, and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Basham in 2007.
TNA Entertainment, LLC.
 v. Wittenstein and World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. was a lawsuit filed on May 23, 2012 in Nashville, Tennessee by TNA Entertainment, LLC.
, against former employee Brian Wittenstein and World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (doing business as WWE).
 WWE and TNA were the two largest national professional wrestling promotions in the United States.
 The suit alleged that Wittenstein violated a non-disclosure agreement and shared confidential information with the WWE which represented a comparative advantage in negotiating with wrestling talent under contract with TNA.
Daniel Richard "Danny" Holle (born October 3, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, currently working on the independent circuit.
 Holle is best known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment between 2003 and 2006, and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in 2007 under the ring names Danny Holliday, (The) Damaja and Danny Basham.
The Basham Brothers were a professional wrestling tag team, composed of Doug Basham and Danny Basham.
 The team is best known for their work with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
The WWE Hardcore Championship was a professional wrestling championship contested for in the United States–based World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) promotion, formerly known as the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) before May 2002.
 The title was only contestable in matches under hardcore regulations, and could be won only by individual wrestlers.
 As a professional wrestling championship, it was introduced by the WWF on its television program "Raw Is War" on November 2, 1998, in which WWF chairman Mr. McMahon awarded Mankind the title.
 In 2000, the WWF instated the "24/7 rule", a regulation stating that the title could be defended anywhere at any time as long as a referee was present, which led to numerous title changes in shorter time periods; the rule was discontinued in 2002.
 On the August 26, 2002 episode of "Raw", Intercontinental Champion Rob Van Dam defeated Hardcore Champion Tommy Dreamer to unify both titles; the Hardcore Championship was retired shortly thereafter.
 The title was reactivated on two occasions afterwards, although they are not considered official reigns by WWE according to their official title history.
 On the June 23, 2003 episode of "Raw", Mick Foley (who was the first champion as "Mankind") was awarded the Hardcore Championship belt by the "Raw" brand authority figure Stone Cold Steve Austin for his contributions in hardcore wrestling.
 Edge and Foley then introduced themselves as co-holders of the championship in 2006, due to a storyline with alumni of the hardcore wrestling-based Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) promotion.
The 2007 World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) draft lottery took place at the Wachovia Arena in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania on June 11, 2007.
 The first half of the draft was televised live for three hours on World Wrestling Entertainment's flagship program, "Raw" on USA Network.
 The second half of the draft, or the "supplemental draft", was conducted over WWE's website, WWE.com, for four hours on June 17, 2007 as draft picks were announced at twenty-minute intervals.
 There were twenty-three draft picks, with twenty-seven wrestlers drafted overall, between the promotion's three brands: Raw, SmackDown!
, and ECW.
 For the televised half of the draft, each brand's draft pick was determined by nine matches, one being a battle royal for two draft picks, where wrestlers from their respective brands wrestled to earn a draft pick.
 The supplemental draft, however, was conducted randomly, with each brand receiving random draft selections.
 Raw and SmackDown!
 received five random draft picks, while ECW received three random draft picks.
 The televised draft picks were randomly selected by a computer that was shown on the Raw titantron.
 Every WWE wrestler from Raw, SmackDown!
, and ECW was eligible to be drafted.
Los Guerreros (English: The Warriors) is a Mexican-American family that has been involved with professional wrestling for three generations.
 The patriarch of the family, Gory Guerrero, made his debut on September 15, 1937.
 Members of the Guerrero family have worked for virtually all major wrestling promotions around the world including World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment, World Championship Wrestling, Extreme Championship Wrestling, the National Wrestling Alliance, the American Wrestling Association, New Japan Pro Wrestling, All Japan Pro Wrestling, Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (now Global Force Wrestling), and Lucha Underground.
 The name “Los Guerreros” is also often used when two or more of the Guerreros team up in a given promotion.
 The most recent incarnation of the Los Guerreros team was in World Wrestling Entertainment on the SmackDown brand.
 This team was made up of Eddie Guerrero, his nephew Chavo Guerrero and after Chavo was injured, Yoshihiro Tajiri.
The World Wrestling Alliance (WWA, formerly known as World Wrestling Stars and WWA New England) was a New England-based American independent professional wrestling promotion located in Massachusetts, founded by former WWF referee Fred Sparta and his brother Mike in 1996.
 Fred retired in the year 2000 and the company was taken over by Focal Point Consulting.
 In October 2010, Mike Sparta inherited the company due to his longtime "partner" Bob Ambrose's death.
 The company briefly changed its name to World Wrestling Stars in 2009, and then WWA New England a year later.
 The promotion has been a part of the New England "indy scene" for over 15 years.
 It has regularly featured "Attitude Era" stars from World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) as well as the local talents of the New England wrestling scene.
World Championship Wrestling, Inc. (WCW) was an American professional wrestling promotion, historically based in Atlanta, Georgia.
 It began as a regional (mid-Atlantic U.S.), National Wrestling Alliance (NWA)-affiliated "territory" promotion – Jim Crockett Promotions – until November 1988, when Ted Turner (through his Turner Broadcasting System business) bought the promotion, whose struggle to compete with Vince McMahon's World Wrestling Federation (now World Wrestling Entertainment, or WWE) had left it near bankruptcy.
 Immediately after the buyout, the business was renamed the Universal Wrestling Corporation (UWC) and consisted of Crockett's business assets not picked up by World Wrestling Federation Entertainment.
 In its early years, WCW was buoyed by established NWA performers such as Ric Flair and Dusty Rhodes, along with emerging stars like Lex Luger, and Sting, who would go on to be dubbed "The Franchise of WCW".
Bruce Prichard (born March 7, 1963) is a professional wrestling personality currently signed to Global Force Wrestling as both an on-air talent and in a backstage advisory role.
 He is perhaps best known as a manager and producer for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE, formerly the World Wrestling Federation).
 As a manager for the promotion, Prichard performed under the ring name Brother Love and served as the original manager of The Undertaker.
 During Prichard's run as Brother Love, he hosted his own segment "The Brother Love Show" where he would usually support the heel wrestlers.
 After leaving WWE, Prichard was the Senior Vice President of Programming and Talent Relations for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA, now Global Force Wrestling).
 Prichard and Conrad Thompson co-host the podcast "Something to Wrestle with Bruce Prichard."
