Milton was a series of animated shorts created by Mike Judge in 1991.
 They aired on "Saturday Night Live" in the mid 1990s, and like Mike Judge's other early shorts, appeared on MTV's Liquid Television in the early 1990s.
 The 1999 film "Office Space" was based upon the cartoons, and featured actor Stephen Root in the role of Milton Waddams.
 In the cartoon shorts all voices are by Mike Judge.
 Although Milton was the title character from the shorts, the role was a supporting character in the "Office Space" movie, as was his boss, Bill Lumbergh (played by actor Gary Cole in "Office Space").
 Milton traveled to different locations despite being consistently late for his taxis to take him there.
Captain Matthew Gideon is a character in the fictional universe of the television series "Babylon 5", played by Gary Cole.
 Gideon was the lead character in the B5 spin-off show "Crusade", which ran for 13 episodes in 1999.
Son of the Morning Star is a 1991 American two-part television miniseries released by Chrysalis based on Evan S. Connell's best-selling book of the same name.
 It starred Gary Cole (General Custer) and featured Dean Stockwell (General Philip Sheridan), Rosanna Arquette (Elizabeth Custer), Rodney A. Grant (Crazy Horse), Nick Ramus (Red Cloud), Buffy Sainte-Marie (voice of Kate Bighead), and Floyd Red Crow Westerman (Sitting Bull).
Tammy is a 2014 American comedy film directed and co-written by Ben Falcone and produced, co-written by, and starring Melissa McCarthy as the title character.
 The film also stars Susan Sarandon, Allison Janney, Gary Cole, Mark Duplass, Dan Aykroyd, and Kathy Bates and was released on July 2, 2014.
William "Bill" Lumbergh is a fictional character, who appeared initially in the Milton animated shorts, and later was portrayed by Gary Cole in the 1999 film "Office Space".
 A caricature of corporate management, Lumbergh is a division Vice President of the software company "Initech", and serves as the main antagonist of the film.
The Chicago 8 is a 2010 American drama film written and directed by Pinchas Perry and starring Philip Baker Hall, Gary Cole, Steven Culp and Mayim Bialik.
 The film is based on actual court transcripts from the Chicago Seven trial.
Forgotten Sins was a 1996 television movie based on Lawrence Wright's "New Yorker" articles and his book "Remembering Satan", which was in turn based on the actual case of Paul Ingram.
 It originally aired on the ABC Network on March 7, 1996.
 It starred William Devane as Dr. Richard Ofshe, "a role to which William Devane brings his customary bristling panache" wrote Dorothy Rabinowitz in the Wall Street Journal.
 John Shea also starred as Matthew Bradshaw, a fictional character based on Paul Ingram.
 Bess Armstrong also appeared in this film, portraying Roberta 'Bobbie' Bradshaw, a character based on Sandy Ingram. "
Doogie Howser"'s Lisa Dean Ryan co-starred.
Robert "Bob" Russell is a fictional character played by Gary Cole on the television serial drama "The West Wing".
 He is introduced as a member of Congress from Colorado, and succeeds to the vice presidency after President Bartlet nominates him following the resignation of incumbent John Hoynes.
Forever Strong is a sports film directed by Ryan Little and written by David Pliler and released on September 26, 2008.
 The film stars Sean Faris, Gary Cole, Neal McDonough, Sean Astin, Penn Badgley and Arielle Kebbel.
 The film is about a troubled rugby union player who must play against the team his father coaches at the national championships.
 "Forever Strong" is based on a compilation of individual true stories.
In the Line of Fire is a 1993 American action thriller film, directed by Wolfgang Petersen and starring Clint Eastwood, John Malkovich and Rene Russo.
 Written by Jeff Maguire, the film is about a disillusioned and obsessed former CIA agent who attempts to assassinate the President of the United States and the Secret Service agent who tracks him.
 Eastwood's character is the sole active-duty Secret Service agent remaining from the detail guarding John F. Kennedy in Dallas, Texas, at the time of his assassination in 1963.
 The film also stars Dylan McDermott, Gary Cole, John Mahoney, and Fred Thompson.
