Riddles in the Sand is the thirteenth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett.
 It was released in September 1984 as MCA 5512 and was produced by noted country music producer Jimmy Bowen and represented a concerted shift toward a more country sound by Buffett.
 He appeared on the album's cover in typical country singer garb and promoted the album at Fan Fair country music festival in Nashville, Tennessee.
 The album was originally to have been titled "Gulf and Western Music" reflecting the fusion of musical styles seen in much of Buffett's music often called gulf and western music.
 In the album's liner notes, Jim Harrison says, "This album has a musical range expanding in an arc from Bob Wills to Bob Marley with the Gulf somehow always there."
Richard Edward "Eddy" Arnold (May 15, 1918 – May 8, 2008) was an American country music singer who performed for six decades.
 He was a Nashville sound (country/popular music) innovator of the late 1950s, and scored 147 songs on the "Billboard" country music charts, second only to George Jones.
 He sold more than 85 million records.
 A member of the Grand Ole Opry (beginning 1943) and the Country Music Hall of Fame (beginning 1966), Arnold ranked 22nd on Country Music Television's 2003 list of "The 40 Greatest Men of Country Music."
Alton Delmore (December 25, 1908 – June 8, 1964) and Rabon Delmore (December 3, 1916 – December 4, 1952), billed as The Delmore Brothers, were country music pioneers and stars of the Grand Ole Opry in the 1930s.
 The Delmore Brothers, together with other brother duos such as the Louvin Brothers, the Blue Sky Boys, the Monroe Brothers (Birch, Charlie and Bill Monroe), the McGee Brothers, and The Stanley Brothers, had a profound impact on the history of country music and American popular music.
Linda Maria Ronstadt (born July 15, 1946) is an American popular music and country music singer.
 She has earned 11 Grammy Awards, three American Music Awards, two Academy of Country Music awards, an Emmy Award, and an ALMA Award, and many of her albums have been certified gold, platinum or multiplatinum in the United States and internationally.
 She has also earned nominations for a Tony Award and a Golden Globe award.
 She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in April 2014.
 On July 28, 2014, she was awarded the National Medal of Arts and Humanities.
"They Call the Wind Maria" is an American popular song with lyrics written by Alan J. Lerner and music by Frederick Loewe for their 1951 Broadway musical, "Paint Your Wagon", which is set in the California Gold Rush.
 Rufus Smith originally sang the song on Broadway, and Joseph Leader was the original singer in London's West End.
 It quickly became a runaway hit, and during the Korean War, the song was among the "popular music listened to by the troops".
 Vaughan Monroe and his Orchestra recorded the song in 1951, and it was among the "popular hit singles at the record stores" that year.
 It has since become a standard, performed by many notable singers across several genres of popular music.
 A striking feature of the song in the original orchestration (also used in many cover versions), is a driving, staccato rhythm, played on the string instruments, that evokes a sense of restless motion.
Howard Andrew Williams (December 3, 1927 – September 25, 2012) was an American popular music singer.
 He recorded 44 albums in his career, 15 of which have been gold-certified and three of which have been platinum-certified.
 He was also nominated for six Grammy Awards.
 He hosted "The Andy Williams Show", a television variety show, from 1962 to 1971, and numerous TV specials.
 "The Andy Williams Show" garnered three Emmy awards.
 The Moon River Theatre in Branson, Missouri, is named after the song he is most known for singing—Johnny Mercer and Henry Mancini's "Moon River".
 He sold more than 100 million records worldwide, including 10.5 million certified units in the United States.
One Particular Harbour is the twelfth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett.
 It was released in September 1983 as MCA 5447 and was produced by Buffett and Michael Utley.
 It was Buffett's first involvement producing an album.
 Stars On The Water was written by and a minor hit for country music songsmith Rodney Crowell and also covered by Texan country music singer George Strait on his 2001 album, "The Road Less Traveled".
Albert Charles Campbell (August 19, 1872 – January 25, 1947) was an American popular music singer who recorded between the late 1890s and the 1920s.
 He was best known for his many duo recordings with Henry Burr, and as a member of the Peerless Quartet and other vocal groups, but also recorded successfully as a solo singer both under his own name and under various pseudonyms including Frank Howard.
Latin American music has long influenced American popular music: jazz, rhythm and blues, and even country music.
 This includes music from Spanish, Portuguese, and (sometimes) French-speaking countries and territories of Latin America.
 Although Latin American music has also been referred to as "Latin music", the American music industry defines "Latin music" as any release with lyrics mostly in Spanish regardless if the artist or music originates from Latin America or not.
James Frederick Rodgers (born September 18, 1933, Camas, Washington) is an American popular music singer.
 Rodgers had a brief run of mainstream popularity in the late 1950s with a string of crossover singles that ranked highly on the "Billboard Pop Singles", "Hot Country and Western Sides" and "Hot Rhythm and Blues Sides" charts; in the 1960s, Rodgers had more modest successes with adult contemporary music.
