Crocosphaera watsonii (strain WH8501) is an isolate of a species of unicellular (2.5-6 µm diameter), diazotrophic marine cyanobacteria which represent less than 0.1% of the marine microbial population.
 They thrive in offshore, open-ocean oligotrophic regions where the waters are warmer than 24 degrees Celsius.
 "Crocosphaera watsonii" cell density can exceed 1,000 cells per milliliter within the euphotic zone; however, their growth may be limited by the concentration of phosphorus.
 "Crocosphaera watsonii" are able to contribute to the oceanic carbon and nitrogen budgets in tropical oceans due to their size, abundance, and rapid growth rate.
 "Crocosphaera watsonii" are unicellular nitrogen fixers that fix atmospheric nitrogen to ammonia during the night and contribute to new nitrogen in the oceans.
 They are a major source of nitrogen to open-ocean systems.
 Nitrogen fixation is important in the oceans as it not only allows phytoplankton to continue growing when nitrogen and ammonium are in very low supply but it also replenishes other forms of nitrogen, thus fertilizing the ocean and allowing more phytoplankton growth.
Living Oceans Society is a Canadian environmental organization that has been a leader in the effort to protect Canada’s oceans since 1998.
 It is based in Sointula, British Columbia, with a satellite office in Vancouver, British Columbia.
 Living Oceans Society's vision is: "Canada's oceans are sustainably managed and thriving with abundant sea life that supports vibrant and resilient communities."
Clean Oceans International, originally The Clean Oceans Project, is an ocean-oriented environmental organization founded in 2009 as an IRS 501c3 public benefit corporation.
 Clean Oceans International seeks to reduce plastic pollution in the oceans through a comprehensive global approach that includes research, technical innovation, public awareness, and efficient plastic waste management.
Cathedral Oceans II is an album of instrumental ambient music by John Foxx.
 It was released in 2003 as disc two of a two disk set, the first disk being the original Cathedral Oceans album, now renamed Cathedral Oceans I.
 The second album follows on from the first in style and substance.
The Antarctic bottom water (AABW) is a type of water mass in the Southern Ocean surrounding Antarctica with temperatures ranging from −0.8 to 2 °C (35 °F), salinities from 34.6 to 34.7 psu.
 Being the densest water mass of the oceans, AABW is found to occupy the depth range below 4000 m of all ocean basins that have a connection to the Southern Ocean at that level.
 The major significance of Antarctic bottom water is that it is the coldest bottom water, giving it a significant influence on the movement of the world's oceans.
 Antarctic bottom water also has a high oxygen content relative to the rest of the oceans' deep waters.
 This is due to the oxidation of deteriorating organic content in the rest of the deep oceans.
 Antarctic bottom water has thus been considered the "ventilation of the deep ocean."
The Moon-Spinners is a 1964 American Walt Disney Productions feature film starring Hayley Mills, Eli Wallach and Peter McEnery in a story about a jewel thief hiding on the island of Crete.
 The film was based upon a 1962 suspense novel by Mary Stewart and was directed by James Neilson.
 "The Moon-Spinners" was Mills' fifth of six films for Disney, and featured the legendary silent film actress Pola Negri in her final screen performance.
The tidal force is a force that is the secondary effect of the force of gravity; it is responsible for the phenomenon of tides.
 It arises because the gravitational force exerted by one body on another is not constant across it: the nearest side is attracted more strongly than the farthest side.
 Thus, the tidal force is differential.
 Consider the gravitational attraction of the Moon on the oceans nearest to the Moon, the solid Earth and the oceans farthest from the Moon.
 There is a mutual attraction between the Moon and the solid Earth, which can be considered to act on its centre of mass.
 However, the near oceans are more strongly attracted and, especially since they are fluid, they approach the Moon slightly, causing a high tide.
 The far oceans are attracted less.
 The attraction on the far-side oceans could be expected to cause a low tide, but since the solid Earth is attracted (accelerated) more strongly towards the moon, there is a "relative" acceleration of those waters in the outwards direction.
 Viewing the Earth as a whole, we see that all its mass experiences a mutual attraction with that of the Moon, but the near oceans more so than the far oceans, leading to a separation of the two.
Stuart Jay Beck (December 23, 1946 – February 29, 2016) was an American law practitioner and a diplomat for Palau.
 As a lawyer he helped negotiate the Compact of Free Association, which established Palau as an independent nation in free association with the United States in 1994.
 For his contributions to Palau, he was granted honorary citizenship.
 In 2003, he accepted the post for Palau's first Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
 He served continuously in this position until 2013, at which time he was appointed as Palau’s first ever United Nations Ambassador for Oceans and Seas.
 In addition to that position, Beck Co-Chaired [(with Amir Dossal) the Sustainable Oceans Alliance, an organization dedicated to the adoption by the General Assembly of a Sustainable Development Goal on Oceans.
World Oceans Day takes place every June 8.
 It has been celebrated unofficially since its original proposal in 1992 by Canada's International Centre for Ocean Development (ICOD) and the Ocean Institute of Canada (OIC) at the Earth Summit - UN Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
 The Brundtland Commission, i.e. the World Commission on Environment and Development, provided the inspiration for a global oceans day.
 The 1987 Brundtland Report noted that the ocean sector lacked a strong voice compared to other sectors.
 At the first world Oceans Day in 1992, the objectives were to move the oceans from the sidelines to the centre of the intergovernmental and NGO discussions and policy and to strengthen the voice of ocean and coastal constituencies world wide.
The Joint Programming Initiative Healthy and Productive Seas and Oceans (JPI Oceans) is an intergovernmental initiative to enable cooperation in marine and maritime research.
 The initiative was launched as one of ten Joint Programming Initiatives by the Council of the European Union in 2011.
 JPI Oceans currently has a membership of 21 countries.
 The member countries of JPI Oceans collectively decide which areas of research would benefit from international collaboration and participate on a voluntary basis.
