Thailand's Got Talent season 1 (also known as TGT) was the first season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in March 2011.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The three judges Nirut Sirijanya, Benz Pomchita Na Songkla, and Pinyo Rutham join hosts Krit Sribhumisret and Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Thailand's Got Talent ไทยแลนด์ก็อตทาเลนต์, (also known as TGT) is a Thai reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in March 2011.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The three judges Nirut Sirijanya, Benz Pomchita Na Songkla, and Pinyo Rutham join hosts Krit Sribhumisret and Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Weird Travels is an American documentary paranormal television series that originally aired from 2001 to 2006 on the Travel Channel.
 Produced by Authentic Entertainment, the program features various paranormal subjects around the world, especially cryptozoological creatures (cryptids) and haunted locations around the world.
 The series is narrated by Don Wildman, who also hosts and narrates the History channel's documentary television series "Cities of the Underworld" and Travel Channel's "Off Limits".
Sylvia Klimaki works at SKAI TV in Athens.
 She is a news anchor and TV host.
 She also, produces, scripts and presents a taped, one-hour show (http://www.stinpraxi.gr) that has as an ultimate goal to restore faith and to encourage Greek society to move forward.
 Each week she hosts stories that highlight the limitless power of Greeks to adapt to a changing environment.
 She had a column with business content on the evening news program SKAI with Nikos Evaggelatos and she was the anchor of the daily morning news program.
 She has worked as a TV host on PBS upcoming TV series "This is Greece!"
.
 It is a travel series in English, showcasing one of the worlds most in demand holiday destinations, Greece!
 The TV series features 13 episodes including the capital Athens, the Peloponnese, Santorini, Rhodes, Mykonos and many of the Cycladic Islands including Milos, Paros and Naxos.
The Robert J. Dole Institute of Politics, often shortened to the Dole Institute, is a nonpartisan political institution housed at the University of Kansas founded by the former U.S. Senator from Kansas and 1996 Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole.
 Opened on July 22, 2003 - Dole's 80th birthday - the institute's $11 million, 28000 sqft facility houses Dole's papers and hosts frequent political events.
 The institute is officially non-partisan and has sponsored on-campus programs featuring prominent politicians of both major parties.
 The institute sponsors the Dole Lecture, which is given in April and features a nationally prominent figure addressing some aspect of contemporary politics or policy.
 The institute awards the annual Dole Leadership Prize each September, which includes a $25,000 cash award.
 The Presidential Lecture Series features the nation's leading presidential scholars, historians, journalists, as well as others including former Presidents, cabinet officers, and White House staff members who discuss the nation's highest office in ways that combine scholarly rigor with popular access.
Ahrre Maros, sometimes Arpie Maros, (born February 3, 1960) is a Hungarian American coffee entrepreneur based in Westfield, New Jersey who is notable for managing two widely attended concert series in the northern New Jersey area for charitable purposes.
 He hosts the "Coffee With Conscience" music series which mostly features singer-songwriters, as well as the "Powerful Women of Song" series which hosts female performers.
 The concert series support local charities including the Keith Knost Special Needs Trust.
 Artists are paid either a flat fee or a percentage of ticket sales, and the rest of the money is donated to charity; over the past dozen years, tens of thousands of dollars have been raised annually.
 In addition, he owns and manages several coffee shops in the north Jersey area; his coffee shops in Westfield and Summit were cited by "New Jersey Monthly magazine" for their quality.
Thailand's Got Talent season 6 (also known as TGT) was the sixth season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in 12 June 2016.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The four judges Chalatit Tantiwut,Patcharasri Benjamad,Kathaleeya McIntosh and Nitipong Hornak join hosts Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Thailand's Got Talent season 5 (also known as TGT) was the fifth season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in June 2015.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The four judges Chalatit Tantiwut,Patcharasri Benjamad,Pornchita Na Songkla and Nitipong Hornak join hosts Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
The Boat Show is an Australian lifestyle television program hosted by Glenn Ridge, who is also Executive Producer.
 This is not to be confused with 31 Digital's (Briz 31) new series by the same name currently covering the marine industry in South-East Queensland.
 The Boat Show features stories about boating, from people who are passionate about their boats and yachts, to the latest gadgets and boating tips and boating locations both in Australia and abroad.
 Presenters include Steven Jacobs, Grace McClure, Teisha Lowry and Kellie Johns.
 It began screening in 2003 on the Nine Network.
Superman III is a British-American 1983 superhero film directed by Richard Lester, based on the DC Comics character Superman.
 It is the third film in the "Superman" film series and the last "Superman" film to be produced by Alexander Salkind and Ilya Salkind.
 The film features a cast of Christopher Reeve, Richard Pryor, Annette O'Toole, Annie Ross, Pamela Stephenson, Robert Vaughn, Marc McClure, and Gavan O'Herlihy.
 This film is followed by "", released on July 24, 1987.
