Nietzsche: Philosopher, Psychologist, Antichrist is a book about the German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche by the philosopher Walter Kaufmann, first published in 1950 by Princeton University Press, with revised editions in 1956, 1968, and 1974.
 The book was republished by Princeton University Press in 2013, with a new introduction by Alexander Nehamas.
Little Lulu and Her Little Friends (リトル・ルルとちっちゃい仲間 , Ritoru Ruru to Chitchai Nakama ) is a 26-episode Japanese anime television series produced by Nippon Animation which aired on ABC and NET from October 3, 1976 to April 3, 1977.
 The series was directed by Fumio Kurokawa and featuring voice actresses Eiko Masuyama and Minori Matsushima as the voice of Lulu.
 It is also based on Little Lulu comics by American cartoonist Marjorie Henderson Buell.
 An English-dubbed version of the anime was made for the American market by ZIV International in 1978, and the series was also released in Italian, German, Hebrew, Arabic, Spanish, and Brazilian Portuguese.
 The "Little Lulu" anime is extremely rare and has been out of print in the United States for years.
Seyyed Ahmad Fardid (Persian: سید احمد فردید‎ ‎ ) (Born in 1912, Yazd – 16 August 1994, Tehran), born Ahmad Mahini Yazdi, was a prominent Iranian philosopher and an inspiring and dedicated professor of Tehran University.
 He is considered to be among the philosophical ideologues of the Islamic government of Iran which came to power in 1979.
 Fardid was under the influence of Martin Heidegger, the influential German philosopher, whom he considered "the only Western philosopher who understood the world and the only philosopher whose insights were congruent with the principles of the Islamic Republic.
 These two figures, Khomeini and Heidegger, helped Fardid argue his position."
 What he decried was the anthropocentrism and rationalism brought by classical Greece, replacing the authority of God and faith with human reason, and in that regard he also criticized Islamic philosophers like al Farabi and Mulla Sadra for having absorbed Greek philosophy.
Christian Wolff (less correctly Wolf, ] ; also known as Wolfius; ennobled as Christian Freiherr von Wolff; 24 January 1679 – 9 April 1754) was a German philosopher.
 Wolff was the most eminent German philosopher between Leibniz and Kant.
 His main achievement was a complete "oeuvre" on almost every scholarly subject of his time, displayed and unfolded according to his demonstrative-deductive, mathematical method, which perhaps represents the peak of Enlightenment rationality in Germany.
Valerie Spencer is a fictional character from "General Hospital", an American soap opera on the ABC network, portrayed by Brytni Sarpy.
 Introduced as the niece of the legendary Luke Spencer (Anthony Geary), Valerie is the daughter of the late Pat Spencer (Dee Wallace).
 Upon losing her mother, Valerie relocates to Port Charles and moves in with her cousin, Lulu Spencer (Emme Rylan), and bonds with her husband Dante Falconeri (Dominic Zamprogna).
 The two end up having a one-night stand, only for Dante to reconcile with Lulu and Valerie briefly dates Lulu's ex-boyfriend Dillon Quartermaine (Robert Palmer Watkins).
Johann Gottlieb Fichte ( ; ] ; May 19, 1762 – January 27, 1814), was a German philosopher who became a founding figure of the philosophical movement known as German idealism, which developed from the theoretical and ethical writings of Immanuel Kant.
 Recently, philosophers and scholars have begun to appreciate Fichte as an important philosopher in his own right due to his original insights into the nature of self-consciousness or self-awareness.
 Fichte was also the originator of "thesis–antithesis–synthesis", an idea that is often erroneously attributed to Hegel.
 Like Descartes and Kant before him, Fichte was motivated by the problem of subjectivity and consciousness.
 Fichte also wrote works of political philosophy; he has a reputation as one of the fathers of German nationalism.
The Origin of the Work of Art (German: "Der Ursprung des Kunstwerkes" ) is an essay by the German philosopher Martin Heidegger.
 Heidegger drafted the text between 1935 and 1937, reworking it for publication in 1950 and again in 1960.
 Heidegger based his essay on a series of lectures he had previously delivered in Zurich and Frankfurt during the 1930s, first on the essence of the work of art and then on the question of the meaning of a "thing," marking the philosopher's first lectures on the notion of art.
Karl W. Aschenbrenner (November 20, 1911 in Bison, Kansas – July 4, 1988 in Budapest, Hungary) was an American philosopher, translator (into English of works in Latin and German) and prominent American specialist in analytic philosophy and aesthetics, author and editor of more than 48 publications including five monographs, 27 articles and 16 book reviews.
 His principal academic post was at the University of California, Berkeley in the Department of Philosophy.
 Aschenbrenner co-edited, with Arnold Isenberg, a collection of essays on the subject of aesthetic theory.
 As co-translator with William B. Holther, Aschenbrenner published the principal work of Alexander Gottlieb Baumgarten and, with Donald Nicholl, assisted in completing the second edition of an important work of the German philosopher Joseph M. Bocheński.
 He is particularly noted for his authoritative commentary on the Kritik der Reinen Vernunft of Immanuel Kant as well as the commentary he and Nicholl supplied in their translation of Baumgarten’s "Meditationes philosophicae de nonnullis ad poema pertinentibus" introducing that work.
 Except for his sabbaticals, Aschenbrenner resided in Berkeley, California from 1943 to 1986 and in Los Angeles from 1986 to 1988.
 During sabbatical leaves Aschenbrenner taught at the Universität Wien, University College London and the Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München.
 He remained Professor Emeritus at the University of California at Berkeley until his death in 1988.
 Aschenbrenner died in Budapest while doing research and is buried in Farkasréti Cemetery in that city.
 The Aschenbrenner papers are held by the Doe Library of the University of California at Berkeley.
Lulu (composed from 1929–1935, premièred incomplete in 1937 and complete in 1979) is an opera in three acts by Alban Berg.
 The German-language libretto was adapted by Berg himself from Frank Wedekind's two "Lulu" plays, "Erdgeist" ("Earth Spirit", 1895) and "Die Büchse der Pandora" ("Pandora's Box", 1904).
 Berg died before completing the third and final act, and in the following decades, the opera was typically performed incomplete.
 Since its publication in 1979, however, the Friedrich Cerha orchestration has become popular.
 Theodor W. Adorno wrote "The opera "Lulu" is one of those works that reveals the extent of its quality the longer and more deeply one immerses oneself in it."
Todtnauberg is a German village in Black Forest ("Schwarzwald") belonging to the municipality of Todtnau, in Baden-Württemberg.
 It is named after the homonym mount ("berg" means hill or mountain in German) and is famous because it is the place where the German philosopher Martin Heidegger had a chalet and wrote portions of his major work, "Being and Time".
