...Something to Be is the debut solo album from the Matchbox Twenty lead singer Rob Thomas.
 The album was released on April 5, 2005, and it debuted at No. 1 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 albums chart, knocking out Mariah Carey's "The Emancipation of Mimi".
 This marked the first time that a male artist from a rock or pop group has debuted at number one with his first solo album since "Billboard" introduced the chart 50 years ago.
Diva is the debut solo album by the Scottish singer-songwriter Annie Lennox, released in 1992.
 The album entered the UK album chart at number 1 and has since sold over 1.2 million copies in the UK alone, being certified quadruple platinum.
 It was also a success in the US, where it was a top 30 hit and has been certified double platinum.
 "Diva" won Album of the Year at the 1993 Brit Awards, and was nominated for Album of the Year at the Grammy Awards the same year.
The Best of Jim Diamond is a compilation album of tracks from Scottish singer-songwriter Jim Diamond's first two solo albums "Double Crossed" and "Desire for Freedom", along with B-sides.
Gail Zeiler (April 27, 1950 – September 1, 2016), known professionally as Kacey Jones, was an American singer-songwriter, producer and humorist.
 After co-writing the Mickey Gilley hit "I'm the One Mama Warned You About" (credited as Gayle Zeiler), she found success as a performer through the band Ethel & The Shameless Hussies, with whom she released her first album.
 Later, in 1997, she released her first solo album, "Men Are Some of My Favorite People", through Curb Records, before founding her own label, IGO Records, co-founding the Kinkajou Records label with Kinky Friedman and creating two publishing houses—Zamalama Music and Mamalama Music.
 Since her first solo album, Jones released eight CDs and produced music for both the theatrical comedy "Nipples to the Wind" and the movie (and TV series) "Sordid Lives".
James Aaron Diamond (28 September 1951 – 8 October 2015) was a Scottish singer-songwriter, best known for his three Top 5 hits.
 The first was "I Won't Let You Down" (1982), as the lead singer in the trio PhD, with Tony Hymas and Simon Phillips.
 His solo performance, "I Should Have Known Better", was a United Kingdom No.1 in 1984.
 The third track was the theme song from "Boon", "Hi Ho Silver" which reached No.5 in the UK Singles Chart in 1986.
 He has also featured as a vocalist on the charity No.1s "You'll Never Walk Alone" with The Crowd and "Let It Be" with Ferry Aid.
 His last UK chart success was with "Young Love (Carry Me Away)" in 1986.
Boys and Girls is the sixth solo studio album by the English singer and songwriter Bryan Ferry, released in June 1985 by E.G. Records.
 The album was Ferry's first solo album in seven years and the first since he had disbanded his group Roxy Music in 1983.
 The album was Ferry's first and only number one solo album in the UK.
 It was certified Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and contains two UK top 40 hit singles.
 It is also Ferry's most successful solo album in the US, having been certified Gold for sales in excess of half a million copies there.
Wu-Syndicate is a group from Virginia consisting of Joe Mafia, Napoleon, and Myalansky (who named himself after the gangster Meyer Lansky).
 They were originally called Crime Syndicate but changed their name to Wu-Syndicate when they signed to Wu-Tang Records and became Wu-Tang Clan affiliates.
 After debuting on the compilation "" in 1998, their self-titled debut album "Wu-Syndicate" was released in 1999 on both Wu-Tang Records and their own label Slot Time Records.
 The album was, like most releases from Wu-Tang Clan affiliates during this time enjoyed moderately successful sales with the single "Where Wuz Heaven" going gold.
 Soon after the release there was a dispute of an unknown origin between the group and Wu-Tang Records and the group briefly changed their name to The Syndicate until 2009 with eventual reconciliation and the release of their second official album "Grimlenz", produced mostly by Antagonist Dragonspit of Virginia Beach,VA.
 Both Myalansky and Napoleon continue to work with Joe Mafia but have refused to work with each other since the release of their first album.
 In an interview Napoleon stated that though they have always clashed, "Mya is still my dude though regardless".
 The group has maintained ties with various members of the Wu-Tang Family.
 Napoleon is currently working on a project with fellow Wu-Tang alumni Solomon Childs, Shaka Amazulu, and Dexter Wiggle called "Illuminati Network".
 Joe Mafia released his debut solo album "This One" in 2002 and founded his own label called 58 West Diamond Street Records.
 Napoleon released his first solo album, "Kingpin Wit Da Inkpen" in 2007 and a mixtape titled "Mark of the Beast" in 2011.
 Myalansky released his first solo album, "Drastic Measures" in 2008 and a mixtape a few years later in 2011 "AMW.Com".
 Myalansky has also been working with California rapper Mitchy Slick and has released two more volumes of his "AMW.Com" mixtape series.
 In 2013 Myalansky and Joe Mafia featured on the song "Golden Age Rapper" by CHG Unfadable.
City to City is a 1978 album and the second studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter Gerry Rafferty.
 It was Rafferty's first solo release in six years—and first release of any kind since 1975—due to his tenure in the band Stealers Wheel and subsequent legal proceedings which prevented Rafferty from releasing any new solo recordings for the next three years.
 The album was strongly received, peaking at No. 1 in the US and going Platinum, as well as reaching No. 6 in the UK and achieving Gold status. "
Baker Street", "Right Down the Line" and "Home and Dry" were successfully released as singles.
 By October 2010, "Baker Street" had reached 5 million plays on British radio.
Songs from the Mirror is the third solo album by Scottish singer-songwriter Fish, released in 1993 as his final album for Polydor.
 It does not contain any original material; instead it is a cover album featuring Fish's versions of songs by artists who inspired him before his career started.
 It reached 46 on the UK Albums Chart.
Necessary Evil, is the fifth solo album by the American singer Deborah Harry.
 Released in September 2007, it is her first solo album in fourteen years.
 The album contains fourteen tracks (seventeen in some territories), including the first single "Two Times Blue", released on the iTunes Store on June 6, 2007.
 Harry promoted the album on Cyndi Lauper's True Colors Tour 2007, performing a number of songs from the album.
 Upon its release in the UK, it debuted at #86.
 In the US, it debuted at #37 on the Independent Chart.
