Better and Better is a 2013 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Zhang Yibai and Xie Dongshen and written by Xu Zhengchao, starring Aaron Kwok, Wang Baoqiang, Tong Dawei, Xu Jinglei, Jing Tian, and Sandra Ng.
 The film premiered in China on 10 February 2013.
Kong: Skull Island is a 2017 American monster film that is a reboot of the "King Kong" franchise and serves as the second film in Legendary's franchise MonsterVerse.
 The film stars an ensemble cast consisting of Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson, John Goodman, Brie Larson, Jing Tian, Toby Kebbell, John Ortiz, Corey Hawkins, Jason Mitchell, Shea Whigham, Thomas Mann, Terry Notary, and John C. Reilly.
 "Kong" follows a team of scientists and Vietnam War soldiers who travel to an uncharted island in the Pacific and encounter terrifying creatures and the mighty Kong.
 The film is directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts and written by Dan Gilroy, Max Borenstein and Derek Connolly, from a story by John Gatins.
The Great Wall () is a 2016 monster film directed by Zhang Yimou and written by Tony Gilroy, Doug Miro and Carlo Bernard.
 The US–China co-production stars Matt Damon, Jing Tian, Pedro Pascal, Willem Dafoe, and Andy Lau.
 It is Zhang's first English-language film.
Jing Tian (born 21 July 1988) is a Chinese actress.
 She graduated from the Beijing Dance Academy and Beijing Film Academy.
 She is known for her roles in war epic "The Warring States" (2011) and the action films "Special ID" and "Police Story 2013" (both in 2013).
 She is part of the cast for three Legendary Pictures films, including a prominent role in "The Great Wall" (2016) as well as "" (2017) and the upcoming "".
Love or Spend () is a 2015 Taiwanese family television drama starring Kingone Wang, , Jolin Chien, and Li Jing Tian.
 Shooting began on October 23, 2015, and wrapped up on February 22, 2016.
 The original broadcast began on November 4, 2015, on SETTV, airing weekdays (Monday through Friday) at 8:00 pm.
From Vegas to Macau (), also known as The Man From Macau (), is a Hong Kong-Chinese crime comedy film directed by Wong Jing.
 The film stars Chow Yun-fat, Nicholas Tse, Chapman To and Jing Tian.
 The film was released during 2014 Chinese New Year.
Ultra Reinforcement is a 2012 Chinese historical romantic comedy film directed and written by Lam Chi-chung, starring Wallace Huo, Jing Tian, Dylan Kuo, and Cheung Tat-ming.
 The film was released in China on 24 January 2012.
Fist & Faith (Chinese: 青禾男高) is a Chinese coming-of-age film directed by Jiang Zhuoyuan, starring Jing Tian and Oho Ou.
 It was released in China on July 13, 2017.
Pacific Rim: Uprising is an upcoming American science fiction monster film directed by Steven S. DeKnight and written by DeKnight, Emily Carmichael, Kira Snyder, and T.S. Nowlin from a story by Guillermo del Toro.
 It is the sequel to the 2013 film "Pacific Rim", and stars John Boyega, Scott Eastwood, Cailee Spaeny, Adria Arjona and Jing Tian, with Rinko Kikuchi, Charlie Day and Burn Gorman returning in their roles from the original film.
 It is scheduled to be released on March 23, 2018, by Universal Pictures.
The Glory of Tang Dynasty (Chinese: 大唐荣耀) is a 2017 Chinese television series starring Jing Tian and Allen Ren.
 It is based on the novel "The Concubine of Tang: Legend of Pearl" (大唐后妃传之珍珠传奇) by Cang Mingshui; and tells the fictional love story of Emperor Daizong and Consort Shen, aided by the grandiose historical background of the An Shi Rebellion (755-763).
 The series was aired for 92 episodes, split into two seasons, from 29 January to 3 May 2017 on Anhui TV and Beijing TV.
