Sarah Lowndes is a writer and curator based in Glasgow, where she is also a lecturer in the Forum for Critical Inquiry at Glasgow School of Art.
 Lowndes's research focusses upon artist-led projects, interdisciplinary and performance-related practice and contemporary art, and she has written extensively on post-war art, music and politics in Glasgow in publications including Studio 58: Women Artists in Glasgow Since World War II (Glasgow: Glasgow School of Art Exhibitions, 2012), Social Sculpture: The Rise of the Glasgow Art Scene (Luath Press, 2010) and “The Glasgow Scene”, The History of British Art, Volume III (London: Tate Publishing, 2008).
Ciara Phillips is a Canadian Artist of Irish Ancestry based primarily in Glasgow, United Kingdom.
 Phillips was born in Ottawa, Canada.
 Her higher education was completed, first, at Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada (Bachelor of Fine Art — 1996/2000).
 Subsequently, she studied at the Glasgow School of Art in Glasgow, United Kingdom, obtaining a Master in Fine Art (2002/2004).
 Her work exploits the traditional use of Printmaking practices, taking much influence from collaboration and, more personally, the philosophies of artist and teacher "Corita Kent".
 On 7 May 2014, she was nominated for the "Turner Prize" for her work at "The Showroom Gallery" in London, England.
Glasgow International (GI) is a biennial visual arts festival that takes place in Glasgow, Scotland.
 While Glasgow has a thriving contemporary art scene of its own, GI offers a platform to artists from other countries as well, showcasing the best of both local and international contemporary art.
 The festival started in 2005 and the 2014 festival is its sixth edition.
Willie Miller is a designer and urbanist based in Glasgow, Scotland.
 He is Principal of Willie Miller Urban Design (WMUD), a design practice based in the West End of Glasgow.
 Miller studied at Glasgow School of Art, then at the Scott Sutherland School of Architecture and The Built Environment in Aberdeen, and was Assistant Director of Planning at Monklands District Council, prior to establishing WMUD in 1996.
Art in modern Scotland includes all aspects of the visual arts in the country since the beginning of the twentieth century.
 In the early twentieth century, the art scene was dominated by the work of the members of the Glasgow School known as the Four, led Charles Rennie Mackintosh, who gained an international reputation for their combination of Celtic revival, Art and Crafts and Art Nouveau.
 They were followed by the Scottish Colourists and the Edinburgh School.
 There was a growing interest in forms of Modernism, with William Johnstone helping to develop the concept of a Scottish Renaissance.
 In the post-war period, major artists, including John Bellany and Alexander Moffat, pursued a strand of "Scottish realism".
 Moffat's influence can be seen in the work of the "new Glasgow Boys" from the late twentieth century.
 In the twenty-first century Scotland has continued to produce influential artists such as Douglas Gordon and Susan Philipsz.
Sonic Youth was an American rock band from New York City, formed in 1981.
 Founding members Thurston Moore (guitar, vocals), Kim Gordon (bass guitar, vocals, guitar) and Lee Ranaldo (guitar, vocals) remained together for the entire history of the band, while Steve Shelley (drums) followed a series of short-term drummers in 1985, and rounded out the core line-up.
 In their early career Sonic Youth were associated with the no wave art and music scene in New York City.
 Part of the first wave of American noise rock groups, the band carried out their interpretation of the hardcore punk ethos throughout the evolving American underground that focused more on the DIY ethic of the genre rather than its specific sound.
The city of Glasgow, Scotland, has many amenities for a wide range of cultural activities, from curling to opera and from football to art appreciation; it also has a large selection of museums that include those devoted to transport, religion, and modern art.
 In 2009 Glasgow was awarded the title UNESCO Creative City of Music in recognition of its vibrant live music scene and its distinguished heritage.
 Glasgow has three major universities, each involved in creative and literary arts, and the city has the largest public reference library in Europe in the form of the Mitchell Library.
 Scotland's largest newspapers and national television and radio companies are based in the city.
Mungo's Hi Fi is a sound system based in Glasgow, Scotland which follows the original Jamaican sound system tradition.
 After working together previously, Tom Tattersall and Doug Paine founded the group in 2000, writing, recording, producing and performing their own brand of reggae and dub music, working in collaboration with other artists and producers.
 They were joined in 2002 by Craig Macleod, in 2006 by Jerome Joly and in 2012 by James Whelan.
 Bringing up-to-date reggae, dub and dancehall sounds to Glasgow across the city in venues such as the Glasgow School of Art, the sound system quickly became part of a wider reggae network with a hectic schedule of live performance, both djing and as a sound system at clubs and events across the UK and Europe.
 The Mungo's Hi Fi sound system appears at several large festivals each year including Glastonbury, Womad, Outlook Festival and others.
Life Without Buildings were a Glasgow, Scotland based indie rock band.
 The band, mostly ex-students of the Glasgow School of Art, formed during the summer of 1999.
 The band initially consisted of Will Bradley (drums), Chris Evans (bass) and Robert Johnston (guitar).
 Painter Sue Tompkins (vocals) joined later that year.
 Sue's "talk-sung" vocals eventually became the band's most famous attribute.
 Impressed after their first London gig, the Rough Trade-affiliated Tugboat label asked the band to record a debut single on the label.
Art Brut are a Berlin-based English and German indie rock band.
 Their debut album, "Bang Bang Rock & Roll", was released on 30 May 2005, with its follow up, "It's a Bit Complicated", released on 25 June 2007.
 Named after French painter Jean Dubuffet's definition of outsider art - art by prisoners, loners, the mentally ill, and other marginalized people, and made without thought to imitation or presentation - South London's Art Brut were tagged by "NME" as part of the "Art Wave" scene that also included bands such as The Rakes, Franz Ferdinand and Bloc Party.
