The second season of "Body of Proof", an American television series created by Christopher Murphey, commenced airing in the United States on September 20, 2011, concluded April 10, 2012, and consisted of 20 episodes.
 It follows the life and career of Dr. Megan Hunt, a medical examiner, once a neurosurgeon, who now works in Philadelphia's Medical Examiner's office after a car accident ended her neurosurgery career.
 Along with Hunt solving homicide cases are her colleagues, Nicholas Bishop as Peter Dunlop, Jeri Ryan as Dr. Kate Murphy, John Carroll Lynch and Sonja Sohn as Detective's Bud Morris and Samantha Baker and fellow medical examiners, Geoffrey Arend as Dr. Ethan Gross and Windell Middlebrooks as Dr. Curtis Brumfield.
 Mary Mouser who plays Megan's daughter Lacey was promoted to "regular" from "recurring" status from season 1.
 Jeffrey Nordling who plays Megan's ex-husband Todd, Joanna Cassidy who plays her mother Joan and Eric Sheffer Stevens who plays Bill Parkson all reprise their roles, whilst Cliff Curtis, Nathalie Kelley and Jamie Bamber join the show, all of which appear on a "recurring" basis.
Jeri Lynn Ryan (born Jeri Lynn Zimmermann; February 22, 1968) is a German actress best known for her role as the Borg Seven of Nine on "", for which she was nominated four times for a Saturn Award and won in 2001.
Marion Michael (17 October 1940 – 13 October 2007) was a German film actress and singer.
 She was best known for her role in the 1956 film, "Liane, Jungle Goddess".
 She was also the second German actress to appear nude on film, after Hildegard Knef when she starred in the German film "The Sinner" in the 1950s.
Ursula Werner is a German actress born September 28, 1943 in Eberswalde, Germany.
 She grew up in the Prenzlauer Berg district of Berlin.
 After studying at the Staatlichen Schauspielschule Berlin (Berlin State Drama College), she obtained her first roles in the Halle Opera House, and in the Berlin cabaret "Die Distel".
 From 1974 to 2009 Werner was a permanent member of the Maxim-Gorki-Theater in Berlin.
 She also makes guest appearances on the Gorki stage.
 She is particularly remembered for her role of Dr. Unglaube in the 1977 film "Ein irrer Duft von frischem Heu" (A Terrific Scent of Fresh Hay).
 From 2001 to 2007 she played a permanent secondary character in the "Schloss Einstein" series.
 Following several minor roles in film and on TV, she took the leading role for Andreas Dresen's "Wolke 9" where she played the part of a woman in her late sixties who leaves her older husband for an even older man.
 The film attempts to show that even in advanced years, love and sex simply do not just stop.
 For this unusual role, Werner received the 2009 German Film Award (Lola) for the best female leading role.
Susanne Uhlen (b. January 17, 1955 in Potsdam, Germany) is a German actress.
 She is the daughter of actor Wolfgang Kieling, best known as being the voice of "Bert", of the "Sesame Street" duo Bert and Ernie, and German actress Gisela Uhlen, niece to German actor Max Schreck of "Nosferatu" fame.
The first season of "Body of Proof", an American television series created by Christopher Murphey, commenced airing in the United States on March 29, 2011, concluded May 17, 2011, and consisted of 9 episodes.
 It follows the life and career of Dr. Megan Hunt, a medical examiner, once a neurosurgeon, who now works in Philadelphia's Medical Examiner's office after a car accident ended her neurosurgery career.
 Along with Hunt solving homicide cases are her colleagues, Nicholas Bishop as Peter Dunlop, Jeri Ryan as Dr. Kate Murphy, John Carroll Lynch and Sonja Sohn as Detective's Bud Morris and Samantha Baker and fellow medical examiners, Geoffrey Arend as Dr. Ethan Gross and Windell Middlebrooks as Dr. Curtis Brumfield.
 Mary Mouser plays Megan's daughter Lacey, Jeffrey Nordling plays her ex-husband Todd and Joanna Cassidy plays her mother Joan.
 All of whom she has a strained relationship with, one of the continuing stories throughout the season.
Niamh Cusack ( ; born 20 October 1959 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish actress.
 Born to a family with deep roots in the performing arts, Cusack has been involved in acting since a young age.
 She has served with the Royal Shakespeare Company and performed in a long line of major stage productions since the mid-1980s.
 She has made numerous appearances on television including a long-running role as Dr. Kate Rowan in the UK series "Heartbeat" (1992–1995).
 She has often worked as a voice actress on radio, and her film credits include a starring role in "In Love with Alma Cogan" (2011).
Maren Eggert (born 30 January 1974) is a German actress.
 She is best known for playing the role of Frieda Jung in the German TV series "Tatort".
 Another notable appearance of her is the role of Dora in the 2001 film "Das Experiment", opposite Moritz Bleibtreu.
 She starred in the film "Marseille" which was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Besides this she plays at the Thalia theatre in Hamburg.
Isabella Castillo Díaz (born 23 December 1994), best known by her stage name Isabella Castillo, is a singer and actress born in Havana, Cuba.
 Her best known role is that of Graciela "Grachi" Alonso, main character of the Nickelodeon Latin America's series "Grachi", for which has released several songs.
Sandra Hüller (born April 30, 1978) is a German actress.
 She gained critical praise for her portrait of Anneliese Michel in Hans-Christian Schmid's drama "Requiem," and is best known internationally for her starring role in Maren Ade's comedy "Toni Erdmann."
 Hüller is one of the era-defining German actresses of her generation.
 Besides Julia Jentsch and Nina Hoss, she is the only German actress to win both the European film award and the Silver Bear for Best Actress, top honors of the European Film Academy and Berlin Film Festival, respectively, in the 21st century.
