Cash is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Zoltan Korda and starring Edmund Gwenn, Wendy Barrie and Robert Donat.
 It was made by Alexander Korda's London Film Productions.
The Drum (released in the U.S. as Drums) is a 1938 British Technicolor film from the book "The Drum" by A. E. W. Mason.
 The film is directed by Zoltan Korda and produced by Alexander Korda.
 It stars Sabu Dastagir, Raymond Massey, Roger Livesey and Valerie Hobson.
The Macomber Affair is a 1947 movie set in British East Africa concerning a fatal triangle involving a frustrated wife, a weak husband, and the professional hunter who comes between them.
 The film was distributed by United Artists and directed by Zoltan Korda, and features Gregory Peck, Joan Bennett, and Robert Preston.
Baxter Dury (born 18 December 1971) is an English indie musician, originally signed to Rough Trade Records.
 He is the son of Ian Dury, and as a five-year-old he appeared on the front cover of Ian's LP "New Boots and Panties!!
" He left school at the age of fourteen.
 He has had a 'Record of the Week' in "NME" with "Oscar Brown EP" in 2002.
 He has one son, Kosmo Korda Dury (born 2002), whose mother is the granddaughter of Zoltan Korda.
Forget Me Not is a 1936 British musical drama film directed by Zoltan Korda and starring Beniamino Gigli, Joan Gardner and Ivan Brandt.
 In the United States it was released under the alternative title Forever Yours.
 The film was made at Isleworth Studios.
 It was a remake of a 1935 German film of the same title.
 It was one of four remakes of foreign-language films made by London Films.
 The film was not generally well received by critics, although they praised Gigli's singing.
The Four Feathers is a 1939 British Technicolor adventure film directed by Zoltan Korda, starring John Clements, Ralph Richardson, June Duprez, and C. Aubrey Smith.
 Set during the reign of Queen Victoria, it tells the story of a man accused of cowardice.
 It is widely regarded as the best of the numerous film adaptations of the 1902 novel of the same name by A.E.W. Mason.
Zoltan Korda (June 3, 1895 – October 13, 1961) was a Hungarian-born motion picture screenwriter, director and producer.
 He made his first film in Hungary in 1918, and worked with his brother Alexander Korda on film-making there and in London.
 They both moved to the United States in 1940 to Hollywood and the American film industry.
Men of Tomorrow is a 1932 British drama film, directed by Zoltan Korda and Leontine Sagan, produced by Alexander Korda and written by Anthony Gibbs and Arthur Wimperis.
 It stars Maurice Braddell, Joan Gardner and Emlyn Williams and features Robert Donat's movie debut.
Elephant Boy is a 1937 British adventure film starring Sabu in his film debut.
 Documentary filmmaker Robert J. Flaherty, who produced some of the Indian footage, and supervising director Zoltan Korda, who completed the film, won the Best Director Award at the Venice Film Festival.
 The film was made at the London Films studios at Denham, and in Mysore, India, and is based on the story "Toomai of the Elephants" from Rudyard Kipling's "The Jungle Book" (1894).
Storm Over the Nile is a 1955 film adaptation of the novel "The Four Feathers", directed by Terence Young and Zoltan Korda.
 The film not only extensively used footage of the action scenes from the 1939 film version stretched into CinemaScope, but is a shot-for-shot, almost line-for-line remake of the earlier film, which was also directed by Korda.
 Several pieces of music by the original composer Miklos Rozsa were also utilised.
 It featured Anthony Steel, Laurence Harvey, James Robertson Justice, Mary Ure, Ian Carmichael, Michael Hordern and Christopher Lee.
 The film was shot on location in the Sudan.
