The Segunda División, officially known as La Liga 2 and as La Liga 1|2|3 (stylized as La Liga 1|2|3) for sponsorship reasons, is the second professional association football division of the Spanish football league system.
 Administrated by the Liga de Fútbol Profesional (LFP), it is contested by 22 teams, with the top two teams plus the winner of a play-off promoted to La Liga and replaced by the three lowest-placed teams in that division.
The Copa de la Reina (English: Queen's Cup) is an annual cup competition for Spanish women's association football teams organized by the Royal Spanish Football Federation.
 Its full name is "Campeonato de España - Copa de Su Majestad la Reina" ("Championship of Spain - Her Majesty the Queen's Cup").
 Its first edition took place in 1983, five years before the Spanish women's league was created.
 Up to the creation of the women's league the winners of this cup were crowned as Spanish football champions.
 Nowadays it is a knockout tournament taking place once the season is over as top eight clubs at the end of the league season qualify for it.
The Bruins–Flyers rivalry is a National Hockey League (NHL) rivalry between the Boston Bruins and Philadelphia Flyers ice hockey clubs.
 Both teams compete in the Eastern Conference, but Boston plays in the Atlantic Division and Philadelphia plays in the Metropolitan Division.
 The two teams have been rivals since the Flyers inception in the 1967 expansion, but was most intense in the 1970s when the two teams met in four playoff series, including the 1974 Stanley Cup Finals, with the Flyers beating the heavily favored Bruins.
 The rivalry was renewed in the 2010s with both teams meeting in the playoffs for two consecutive years, including a 2010 series, with the Flyers overcoming a 3 games to none deficit to win the series.
 Historically, both franchises are renowned for their toughness and brawling ways, with the Bruins famously nicknamed the Big Bad Bruins, and the Flyers also famously nicknamed the Broad Street Bullies.
The Primera División, commonly known as La Liga and as La Liga Santander for sponsorship reasons with Santander, is the top professional association football division of the Spanish football league system.
 Administrated by the Liga de Fútbol Profesional (LFP), La Liga is contested by 20 teams, with the three lowest-placed teams relegated to the Segunda División and replaced by the top two teams in that division plus the winner of a play-off.
The 49ers–Giants rivalry is a professional football rivalry between the San Francisco 49ers and the New York Giants.
 It is one of the great inter-division rivalry games in the NFL.
 The two teams do not play every year; instead, they play once every three years due to the NFL's rotating division schedules, or if the two teams finish in the same place in their respective divisions, they would play the ensuing season.
 Since 1982, the 49ers and Giants have met eight times in the postseason (including two NFC Championship Games), the most times two teams have met in the playoffs in the NFL since that time.
Kalle Mäkinen (born 1 February 1989) is a Finnish footballer who last played for the Finnish Veikkausliiga club Maskun Palloseura.
 He was nicknamed "Sergio" because his style of play was similar to that of Spanish fullback Sergio Ramos
The Uruguayan Clásico (Spanish: "Clásico del fútbol uruguayo") is the most important rivalry in Uruguayan football and one of the best of the American continent.
 It is contested between the two most popular football clubs in Uruguay, Club Nacional de Football and Club Atlético Peñarol (formerly CURCC), both based in Montevideo.
 As of 2012, the two teams have won 90 of the 108 Uruguayan Primera División titles, and many international tournaments, including a combined eight Copa Libertadores.
 The first meeting between the two teams was at the turn of the century in 1900, making it one of the oldest football rivalries outside Great Britain.
 CURCC, which would go on to become Peñarol, won the first match 2–0.
The Maryland–West Virginia football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Maryland Terrapins and West Virginia Mountaineers.
 The two schools are strong rivals due to several factors, including similar recruiting areas and the relatively short distance between each other, approximately 210 mi apart.
 The two teams first played in 1919 and the series ran uninterrupted from 1980 to 2007.
 West Virginia leads the series 28–22–2.
 The two teams met for the Gator Bowl for a rematch at the end of the 2003 season.
 Until the series lapsed in 2007, the game was the longest continuously running non-conference game for both schools.
 After the 2015 edition in Morgantown, WV, the two teams will not meet again until 2020 in College Park.
The Spanish football league system refers to the system in Spanish club football that consists of several football leagues bound together hierarchically by promotion and relegation.
 Unlike the English and Scottish football federations, the Spanish football federation allows reserve teams to compete in the main football league system, as is the case in most of Europe; however reserve teams are not allowed to compete in the same tier as their senior team, and no reserve team has thus competed in the top flight, Primera División.
The Lebanese Third Division (Arabic: الدوري اللبناني - الدرجة الثالثة‎ ‎ ) is the third division of Lebanese football.
 It is controlled by the Federation Libanaise de Football Association.
The 23 teams are divided into 3 groups of 8 teams each.
 The first two teams of each group qualify to the playoffs and the first two teams of these playoffs qualify to the Lebanese Second Division and replace the relegated teams.
 On the other hand the last two teams will be submitted to the playoffs that will decide which two of these four teams will be relegated to the Lebanese Fourth Division.
 The teams play twice against each other once at home and the other away.
