The Communist Party of Canada (Marxist–Leninist) (CPC (ML)) is a Canadian federal political party founded by Hardial Bains in 1970.
 The CPC (ML) has been registered with Elections Canada as the Marxist–Leninist Party of Canada since 1974 as the party is prohibited from using the Communist Party name in Canadian elections to avoid confusion among voters.
 The party developed separately and independently from the Communist Party of Canada (CPC) with its origins among students and intellectuals in Canada during the 1960s.
 After a period of alignment with Maoism and China, the CPC (ML) pursued a pro-Albanian line until the early 1990s when it adopted a pro-Cuba position.
The National Advancement Party of Canada (French: "Parti de l'Essor National du Canada" ) is a minor federal political party in Canada.
 The party describes itself as for "advancement of the Canadian people and Canada".
 The party was formed in 2014 and registered with Elections Canada in 2015, initially under the name Democratic Advancement Party of Canada.
 The party is headquartered in Calgary, Alberta and led by writer Stephen Garvey.
Cacareco (1954-1962) was a female black rhinoceros exhibited in Brazilian zoos.
 She became famous as a candidate for the 1958 São Paulo city council elections with the intention of protesting against political corruption.
 Electoral officials did not accept Cacareco's candidacy, but she eventually won 100,000 votes, more than any other party in that same election (which was also marked by rampant absenteeism).
 Today, the term "voto Cacareco" (Cacareco vote) is commonly used to describe protest votes in Brazil.
 Cacareco's candidacy inspired the Rhinoceros Party of Canada, nominally led by the rhinoceros Cornelius the First.
The Revolutionary Communist Party of Canada, or RCP Canada, is a revolutionary communist party oriented around Marxism-Leninism-Maoism.
 The creation of the organizational stage of the Party was adopted at what was called the "Revolutionary Communist Conference", which was held in Montreal, Quebec in November 2000 by activists and former members of the labour union movements and youth organizations of the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, who felt that the revolutionary situation in Canada warranted the creation of a Party dedicated to a communist revolution.
 The party was initially called the Revolutionary Communist Party (Organizing Committees) (RCP(OC)).
 At this conference, participants adopted the Party's first Draft Programme.
 Because of the location of the conference, the majority of the founding members were French-speaking Quebecers, and the Party began an extensive effort to reach out to the rest of Canada, starting with the Canadian Revolutionary Congress held in November 2006 in Toronto.
 It is not recognized as a political party by Elections Canada, because the party rejects what it calls the "bourgeois electoral system" and doesn't seek recognition by the State.
Plínio Salgado (] ; January 22, 1895 – December 8, 1975) was a Brazilian politician, writer, journalist, and theologian.
 He founded and led the Brazilian Integralist Action, a far-right political party inspired on the Italian Fascist movement.
The Communist Party of Chile (Spanish: "Partido Comunista de Chile" ) is a Chilean political party inspired by the thoughts of Karl Marx and Vladimir Lenin.
 It was founded in 1922, as the continuation of the Socialist Workers Party, and in 1932 it established its youth wing, the Communist Youth of Chile ("Juventudes Comunistas de Chile" [abbr:JJ.CC]).
The Aboriginal Peoples Party of Canada (APP) is a Canadian political party that was founded in 2005.
 The party was conceived by University of Lethbridge student Myron Wolf Child.
 It held its founding meeting on August 21, 2005, in St. Albert, Alberta.
 The APP was headed by interim leader Bill Montour, a former Chief of the Six Nations Reserve in Ontario.
 In October 2005, the party had 122 confirmed members, just less than half the number needed to register as an official party in Canada.
 In late October 2005, the APP sought to unite with the First Peoples National Party of Canada which also had fewer than the number of confirmed members needed to become a registered political party.
 The First Peoples National Party of Canada became an eligible political party on December 6, 2005.
 Whether or not this was accomplished through a merger with the APP is unclear.
 If this is the case, the APP no longer exists, but, as one of the stipulations of a possible merger was that a name for the new party would be determined at the party's first convention, it is possible that the name Aboriginal Peoples Party of Canada will come into usage again.
The eighteenth government of Israel was formed by Menachem Begin on 20 June 1977, following the May 1977 elections.
 It was the first government in Israeli political history led by a right-wing party, with the coalition consisting of Begin's Likud (which included Ariel Sharon's Shlomtzion, which had merged into Likud shortly after the election), the National Religious Party and Agudat Yisrael.
 Begin's government also contained Moshe Dayan who had been elected to the Knesset on the Alignment's list.
 Following Dayan's acceptance of a place in the cabinet, he was expelled from the party and sat as an independent MK, though he only remained in the cabinet for four months.
The New Canada is a Canadian political literature book written by Reform Party of Canada founder and leader Preston Manning and published by Macmillan Canada.
 The book explains the personal, religious, and political life of Preston Manning and explains the roots and beliefs of the Reform Party.
 At the time of its publishing in 1992, Reform had become a popular populist conservative party in Western Canada after the mainstream Progressive Conservative Party of Canada was collapsing in support and in 1991 decided to expand eastward into Ontario and the Maritimes.
 One year later the PC party collapsed in the 1993 federal election, allowing the Reform Party to make political history in Canada, deplacing the PCs as the dominant conservative party in Canada.
 Reform, later renamed the Canadian Alliance, merged with the PC Party in 2003, to form a united right-wing alternative to the governing Liberal Party of Canada, named the Conservative Party of Canada which has dropped many of the populist themes that the Reform Party had.
The Anti-Coup Alliance (also known as the National Alliance Supporting Legitimacy) is a coalition in Egypt formed to defeat the ouster of former president Mohamed Morsi.
 The coalition is made up of approximately 40 Islamist parties and groups.
 The coalition has called upon the opposition to break ties with figures they call "corrupt" from the Mubarak regime.
 Notably, the political wing of the group (the Building and Development Party) and the Wasat Party did not take part in protests held by pro-Morsi forces during the week of 18 October 2013.
 The alliance offered a new reconciliation initiative that does not include the reinstatement of Morsi on 26 October 2013; al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya, Egyptian Islamic Jihad and the Homeland Party are not calling for the reinstatement of Morsi, while the Virtue Party, Authenticity Party and the Muslim Brotherhood are still demanding that Morsi be reinstated as president.
 The group has reached out to what it called "fellow revolutionaries" to cooperate with them against the protest law in Egypt in order to jointly organize protests; Kefaya objected to the call for cooperation.
 Members of the Building and Development Party, the political arm of al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya, wanted to meet with Yasser Al Borhamy, the deputy head of the Salafist Call as well as Emad Abdel Ghaffour, who is the head of the Homeland Party.
 Al Borhamy reportedly could not meet with the members, while Ghaffour asked them to stop demonstrations before talks could begin and rebuffed their demands for the reinstatement of Morsi and the bringing back of the Shura Council that was dissolved.
 Borhami denied being asked to serve as a mediator, though he stated that he would act as a mediator if there were no preconditions.
 The alliance has said it will boycott the 2014 constitutional referendum.
 Various groups and parties within the alliance including al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya, the Building and Development Party, the Islamic Party, the Freedom and Justice Party and the Virtue Party have criticized the Nour Party for its support of the draft constitution.
 The Islamic Party has not participated in meetings with the group because of what Mohamed Abu Samra (the secretary-general of the party) called the "brotherhood's radical thought".
 The Salafist Front issued a statement on 30 April 2014 that called on the alliance to temporarily stop its actions in order to avoid more violence; the alliance did not suspend its activities in response.
 Egyptian Prime minister Ibrahim Mahlab issued a decree on 16 October 2014 banning the alliance.
 Another decree was issued on 30 October 2014 which dissolved the alliance.
 A court postponed the appeal of the dissolution of the alliance until 13 November 2014.
