Circus Lupus was a post-hardcore band based in the area of Washington, DC, U.S. The band originally formed in Madison where one-time Ignition and Soul Side bassist Chris Thomson met guitarist Chris Hamley and drummer Arika Casebolt while attending school.
 The name "Circus Lupus" comes from an SCTV sketch about "Circus Lupus, the Circus of Wolves," a mock TV commercial for an entirely wolf-filled traveling circus, with graphics of wolves on trapeze swings and other circus apparati.
 Reg Shrader initially played bass with the band.
 He was replaced by Seth Lorinczi as the band was making its transition from Madison to Washington, DC.
"Fix Me" is the second single from the 2010 album "Feeding the Wolves", released by alternative metal band 10 Years.
December Wolves are a Salem, Massachusetts - based black metal band formed in 1993.
 Their first demo appeared in 1994.
 So far December Wolves has released 3 albums.
 On newer material the group goes in a more experimental/industrial 'post-black' direction.
 They are currently working on new material.
Feeding the Wolves is the fifth studio album by the American alternative metal band 10 Years, and their third major label release.
 The album debuted at No. 17 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, with 19,000 units sold.
...And Out Come the Wolves is the third studio album by the American punk rock band Rancid.
 It was released on August 22, 1995, through Epitaph Records.
 Rancid's popularity and catchy songs made them the subject of a major label bidding war (hence the title, "...And Out Come the Wolves" taken from a poem in Jim Carroll's The Basketball Diaries) that ended with the band staying on Epitaph.
 With a sound heavily influenced by ska, which called to mind Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman's past in Operation Ivy, Rancid became one of the few bands of the mid-to late-1990s boom in punk rock to retain much of its original fanbase.
 In terms of record sales and certifications, "…And Out Come the Wolves" is a popular album in the United States.
 It produced three hit singles: "Roots Radicals", "Time Bomb" and "Ruby Soho", that earned Rancid its heaviest airplay on MTV and radio stations to date.
 All the singles charted on Modern Rock Tracks. "
…And Out Come the Wolves" was certified gold by the RIAA on January 22, 1996.
 It was certified platinum on September 23, 2004.
Heartist is an American rock band that started in Southern California in 2011.
 They formed in early 2011 after guitarists Jonathan Gaytan and Tim Koch left their band, and found Bryce Beckley, who had also left his band, Evan Ranallo and Matt Marquez, who was playing with Norma Jean.
 Following the departure of Gaytan, Robby DeVito took over as guitarist.
 They released their first full-length album, "Feeding Fiction", in 2014.
 It was produced by David Bendeth, who has previously worked with artists including Paramore, Of Mice and Men, and Breaking Benjamin.
 On April 14, 2014, the band released the first single, "Pressure Point", from their first album.
Iron Lung are a two piece powerviolence act from Seattle, Washington heavily influenced by hardcore punk and grindcore.
 The band formed in 1999 in Reno and is currently in Seattle after spending some time in Oakland.
 Live, the band has toured extensively across the U.S., Asia, Australia and Europe.
 They have released music on several labels including Prank Records, 625 Thrashcore, and their own label, Iron Lung Records.
 In recent years the band has collaborated with other members of the hardcore punk and powerviolence scene, including Hatred Surge and Dave Bailey, formerly of Running for Cover.
 In 2009, an album titled "Public Humiliation" was released; a three-way collaboration between Iron Lung and Kortland and Ward's side projects, Pig Heart Transplant and Walls respectively.
 The recording is of a one-off live performance from Halloween of 2008.
 Jon Kortland is also half of the art project Feeding, which has made artwork for several Iron Lung, Walls and PHT releases, as well as album covers for several other bands.
Feeding The Wolves is an EP by Australian singer-songwriter Josh Pyke.
 It was released in 2005 on Ivy League Records.
 "Feeding the Wolves" was nominated for 'Best Pop Release' at the 2006 ARIA Awards.
"Shoot It Out" is a song written and recorded by the American alternative metal band 10 Years for their fifth album, "Feeding the Wolves", which is their third major release under Universal Records.
 It was released as the album's first single.
Wolves in Wolves was a public art exhibition which took place in Wolverhampton, England, between 5 July and 24 September 2017.
 The event comprised thirty 1.5 metre high wolf sculptures, located throughout Wolverhampton city centre and the city's West Park.
 The wolves were individually designed by local artists, with sponsorship funding provided by a selection of public and private sector organisations.
 The wolves formed a 4.5 mile trail taking in West Park, Chapel Ash and Wolverhampton city centre, with a map available to help people track them down.
