The Old Dominion Monarchs baseball team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Virginia, United States.
 The team is a member of the Conference USA, which is part of NCAA Division I and just landed the number 1 left-handed pitching prospect in New Jersey, Joey Dechiaro.
 Old Dominion's first baseball team was fielded in 1931 as the William and Mary College – Norfolk Division Braves.
 ODU joined Division I in 1977.
 The team plays its home games at Bud Metheny Baseball Complex in Norfolk, Virginia where it has played since 1982.
 ODU has won 4 conference tournament titles and have been to the NCAA Tournament eight times.
 The Monarchs are coached by Chris Finwood, a native of Hampton, Virginia who is in his fourth year at the helm.
 The Monarchs have had eleven players reach the Major Leagues and one, Justin Verlander, has played in the World Series.
The 2009 NCAA Division I baseball season, play of college baseball in the United States organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) at the Division I level, began on February 20, 2009.
 The season progressed through the regular season, many conference tournaments and championship series, and concluded with the 2009 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament and 2009 College World Series.
 The College World Series, which consisted of the eight remaining teams in the NCAA Tournament, was held in its annual location of Omaha, Nebraska at Rosenblatt Stadium.
 It concluded on June 24, 2009, with the final game of the best of three championship series.
 LSU defeated Texas two games to one to claim their sixth championship.
The 1924 Colored World Series was a best-of-nine match-up between the Negro National League champion Kansas City Monarchs and the Eastern Colored League champion Hilldale.
 In a ten-game series, the Monarchs narrowly defeated Hilldale 5 games to 4, with one tie game.
 It was the first World Series between the respective champions of the NNL and ECL.
 It was the second year of existence for the ECL, but no agreement could be reached in 1923 for a post-season series, owing primarily to unresolved disputes between the leagues.
 Five members of the Baseball Hall of Fame participated in the series: Biz Mackey, Judy Johnson, and Louis Santop played for Hilldale, while Bullet Rogan and José Méndez played for the Monarchs.
 In addition, Monarchs owner J. L. Wilkinson was also inducted into the Hall.
Bill Anderson (July 20, 1925 – February 20, 2013) was an American football player and coach.
 He served as the head football coach at Howard Payne University from 1988 to 1991, compiling a record of 24–18.
 Anderson was born in Erath County, Texas on July 20, 1925.
 During World War II he trained as B-29 tail gunner in the United States Army Air Corps, but did not serve overseas.
 After the war, he attended Pepperdine University, where he played college football from 1947 to 1949 before graduating in 1950.
 He then returned to his home state of Texas and coached football at a number of high schools.
 He later coached at Abilene Christian University, West Texas State University—now West Texas A&M University, Cisco College, and Tarleton State University.
 Anderson died on February 20, 2013 in Brownwood, Texas.
The 2009 Major League Baseball season began on April 5, 2009, the regular season was extended two days for a one-game playoff between the Detroit Tigers and the Minnesota Twins to decide the American League Central Division champion.
 The postseason began the next day with the Division Series.
 The 2009 World Series began on October 28, and ended on November 4, with the New York Yankees defeating the Philadelphia Phillies in six games; and for the ninth year in a row, the defending World Series champion (the Phillies) failed to repeat the previous year's run.
 This was the second time the season was completed in November.
 The only other occasion was the 2001 World Series, that because of the delaying of the end of that season because of the September 11 attacks as November baseball would be guaranteed when Game 4 was played on Sunday, November 1.
 The American League champion had home field advantage for the World Series by virtue of winning the All-Star Game on July 14 at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Missouri, 4–3.
 In addition, the annual Civil Rights Game became a regular season game, and was played June 20 at Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio, when the host Cincinnati Reds lost to the Chicago White Sox in an interleague game, 10–8.
 Both teams wore replicas of their 1965 uniforms in the contest.
Pablo Emilio Juan Pedro Sandoval Jr. (born August 11, 1986) is a Venezuelan professional baseball third baseman for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He has played in Major League Baseball for the Giants and the Boston Red Sox.
 He stands 5 ft tall and weighs 255 lb .
 He previously played portions of three seasons for the Boston Red Sox and seven seasons for the San Francisco Giants.
 Nicknamed "Kung Fu Panda", Sandoval is a two-time All-Star and has won three World Series championships with the Giants.
 Sandoval hit three home runs in Game 1 of the 2012 World Series, becoming the fourth person to hit three home runs in a World Series game, and was named the World Series Most Valuable Player (MVP).
 During the offseason, he plays for the Navegantes del Magallanes of the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League.
John Wesley Donaldson (February 20, 1891 – April 14, 1970) was an American baseball pitcher in Pre-Negro league and Negro league baseball.
 In a career that spanned over 30 years, he played for many different Negro league and semi-professional teams, including the All Nations team and the Kansas City Monarchs.
 Researchers so far have discovered 667 games in which Donaldson is known to have pitched.
 Out of those games, Donaldson had at least 400 wins and 5,002 strikeouts as a baseball pitcher.
 According to some sources, he was the greatest pitcher of his era.
Robert Lee Hammond (born February 20, 1952) is a former American professional football player and coach.
 He was a running back in the National Football League (NFL) for five seasons with the New York Giants and Washington Redskins after playing collegiately at Morgan State University.
 Hammond also was an assistant coach in the NFL for 11 years and served as head coach for the London Monarchs of the World League of American Football (WLAF) from 1995 to 1996.
Thomas David Henrich (February 20, 1913 – December 1, 2009), nicknamed "The Clutch" and "Old Reliable", was an American professional baseball player of German descent.
 He played his entire Major League Baseball career as a right fielder and first baseman for the New York Yankees (1937–1942 and 1946–1950).
 Henrich led the American League in triples twice and in runs scored once, also hitting 20 or more home runs four times.
 He is best remembered for his numerous exploits in the World Series; he was involved in one of the most memorable plays in Series history in 1941, was the hitting star of the 1947 Series with a .323 batting average, and hit the first walk-off home run in Series history in the first game of the 1949 World Series.
The 1942 Negro World Series was a best-of-seven match-up between the Negro American League champion Kansas City Monarchs and the Negro National League champion Washington-Homestead Grays.
 In a six-game series, the Monarchs swept the Grays four games to none, with two additional games not counted in the standings.
 The Monarchs actually won the 1942 series 5-1, but a second game played in Yankee Stadium on September 13 (a seven-inning victory by the Monarchs) was not counted by prior agreement, and the only game played in Kansas City was thrown out on appeal when the Grays used unauthorized players from other NNL teams.
