Susan Pevensie is a fictional character in C. S. Lewis's "The Chronicles of Narnia" series.
 Susan is the elder sister and the second eldest Pevensie child.
 She appears in three of the seven books—as a child in "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" and "Prince Caspian", and as an adult in "The Horse and His Boy".
 She is also mentioned in "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader" and "The Last Battle".
 During her reign at the Narnian capital of Cair Paravel, she is known as Queen Susan the Gentle or Queen Susan of the Horn.
 She was the only Pevensie that survived the train wreck (because she was not on the train or at the station) on Earth which sent the others to Narnia after "The Last Battle".
Lucy Pevensie is a fictional character in C. S. Lewis's "The Chronicles of Narnia" series.
 She is the youngest of the four Pevensie children, and the first to find the Wardrobe entrance to Narnia in "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe".
 Of all the Pevensie children, Lucy is the closest to Aslan.
 Also, of all the humans who have visited Narnia, Lucy is perhaps the one that believes in Narnia the most.
 She is ultimately crowned Queen Lucy the Valiant, co-ruler of Narnia along with her two brothers and her sister.
 Lucy is the central character of the four siblings in the novels.
 Lucy is a principal character in three of the seven books ("The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", "Prince Caspian", and "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader"), and a minor character in two others ("The Horse and His Boy" and "The Last Battle").
Sophie Elizabeth Wilcox (born 2 January 1975 in Croydon, London) is an English actress who is most notable for appearing in the BBC miniseries adaptation of "The Chronicles of Narnia" as Lucy Pevensie when she was 13 years old.
 She appeared in "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" in 1988, as well as its sequel "Prince Caspian and the Voyage of the Dawn Treader" in 1989.
Eustace Clarence Scrubb is a fictional character in C. S. Lewis's Chronicles of Narnia.
 He appears in "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader", "The Silver Chair", and "The Last Battle".
 In "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader", he is accompanied by Edmund and Lucy Pevensie, his cousins.
 In "The Silver Chair" and "The Last Battle", he is accompanied by Jill Pole, a classmate from his school.
Lucy Barfield (2 November 1935 – 3 May 2003) was the godchild of C.S. Lewis.
 "The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe" is dedicated to Lucy, who also lent her name to the book's heroine, Lucy Pevensie.
Jeffrey Harold Perry (13 October 1948 – 4 February 2012) was a British stage and screen actor.
 Born in Barrow-in-Furness, Lancashire and trained at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, he worked extensively for the Royal Exchange in Manchester.
 He may be best known to television audiences as Mr. Tumnus in the 1988 version of "The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe", which was part of the BBC's "Chronicles of Narnia" TV miniseries.
Lantern Waste is a fictional place in "The Chronicles of Narnia" series by C. S. Lewis.
 It is a wood and is notable as the place where Lucy Pevensie and Mr. Tumnus meet, which is the first scene of Narnia described in the books.
 The lamppost in the wood is an iconic image of Narnia, and the question of its origin is what convinced Lewis to write more than one book on Narnia.
 One of King Edmund's titles is "Duke of Lantern Waste".
Georgina Helen "Georgie" Henley (born 9 July 1995) is an English actress.
 She is best known for her portrayal of Lucy Pevensie in "The Chronicles of Narnia" film series.
Tumnus is a fictional character in C. S. Lewis' series "The Chronicles of Narnia".
 He is featured prominently in "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" and also appears in "The Horse and His Boy" and "The Last Battle".
 He is close friends with Lucy Pevensie and is the first creature she meets in Narnia, as well as the first Narnian to be introduced in the series.
 Lewis said that the first Narnia story, "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", all came to him from a single picture he had in his head of a faun carrying an umbrella and parcels through a snowy wood.
 In that way, Tumnus was the initial inspiration for the entire Narnia series.
The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian is a 2008 high fantasy film based on "Prince Caspian", the second published, fourth chronological novel in C. S. Lewis's epic fantasy series, "The Chronicles of Narnia".
 It is the second in "The Chronicles of Narnia" film series from Walden Media, following "" (2005).
 The four Pevensie children (William Moseley, Anna Popplewell, Skandar Keynes, and Georgie Henley) return to Narnia to aid Prince Caspian (Ben Barnes) in his struggle with the "secret" help of Aslan (Liam Neeson) for the throne against his corrupt uncle, King Miraz (Sergio Castellitto).
 The film was released on May 16, 2008 in the United States and on June 26, 2008 in the United Kingdom.
