The Alternative press in Nigeria or the press of the third kind is made up of writers who use militant approaches or viewpoints in news coverage.
 This usually encompasses guerrilla journalism, a term credited to some Nigerian news magazines for their radical and militant rhetoric and writings usually against the military regimes of the 1990s.
 The magazines consider themselves to be the last vestige of the common man and viewed certain military governments as usurpers of the people's dreams and yearnings.
 These magazines are known for their belligerent assault on national leadership and use of secret offices, sometimes called bush offices to print their publications.
 Some critics have raised ethnic nationalism and cultural coloration as key factors which provided the impetus for most of the rhetoric.
Richard Phillips (born 1962) is an American artist.
 He was born in Marblehead, Massachusetts and lives and works in New York City.
 Phillips is known for his large-scale glossy hyper-realistic paintings, recalling the pictorial style of magazines from the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s and reflecting traditions of popular image culture.
 His paintings represent close-up portraits, predominantly of women from fashion and soft porno magazines, but also persons from the fields of pop music and politics.
 He says "My pictures involve a kind of wasted beauty - that's always been a thread in my work."
The museum of decorative arts in Isfahan was founded in 1995.
 More than 3000 artworks from the Safavid and Qajar era are kept in the museum.
 The building of the museum belongs to the era of Abbas I.
 In the era of Abbas I and his successors, the building was used as the stable of Chehelsotoon palace and horse supplies were kept in its warehouse.
 There is a multi-storey tower beside the museum, which belongs to the Qajar era.
 The tower was used at first as watchtower and then as jail.
 The tower does not have any kind of decorations, bit it is regarded as a notable relic of the Safavid architecture.
Kathoey or katoey (Thai: กะเทย ; rtgs: "Kathoei"  ] ) is a transgender woman or an effeminate gay male in Thailand.
 A significant number of Thais perceive "kathoeys" as belonging to a third gender, including many "kathoeys" themselves, while others see them as either a kind of man or a kind of woman.
 However, when considering transgender women (MtF) as a group in Thai society, most refer to themselves as "phuying" (Thai: ผู้หญิง "women"), with a minority referring to themselves as "phuying praphet song" (a "second kind of woman") and only very few referring to themselves as "kathoey".
 Related phrases include "phet thi sam" (Thai: เพศที่สาม , "third gender"), and "sao praphet song" or "phu ying praphet song" (Thai: สาวประเภทสอง, ผู้หญิงประเภทสอง — both meaning "second-type female").
 The word "kathoey" is of Khmer origin.
 It is most often rendered as ladyboy or lady boy in English conversation with Thais and this latter expression has become popular across Southeast Asia.
In describing the customs of the Mayas inhabiting the Verapaz province (including the Alta Verapaz and Baja Verapaz) of 16th-century Guatemala, Bishop Bartolomé de las Casas mentions sexual relationships, regulated by customary law, between unmarried young men and boys, as well as similar relations prevailing among adolescents receiving instruction in the temples.
 Chin, together with Cu, Cavil ('idol'), and Maran, is mentioned as the name of the male deity said to have demonstrated sexual intercourse with another 'demon', and thereby to have introduced such relationships: "From that time on some fathers gave their sons a little boy to be used as a woman; and if someone else took the boy, they demanded pay as is done when someone violates another's wife."
 Institutionalized pederastic prostitution, including transvestism, is recorded in 17th-century Spanish reports of the Itzá Mayas living in the Petén.
 Among the Classic Period scenes found in a cave of Naj Tunich is a depiction of a naked, sexually excited male creature embracing a nude Maya nobleman, possibly by way of initiation.
Whit Burnett (1900–1972) was an American writer and writing teacher who founded and edited the literary magazine "Story".
 In the 1940s, "Story" was an important magazine in that it published the first or early works of many writers who went on to become major authors.
 Not only did Burnett prove to be a valuable literary birddog for new talent, but "Story" remained a respectable though low-paying (typically $25 per story) alternative for stories rejected by the large-circulation slick magazines published on glossy paper like "Collier's" or "The Saturday Evening Post" or the somewhat more prestigious and literary slick magazines such as "The New Yorker".
 While "Story" paid poorly compared to the slicks and even the pulps and successor digest-sized magazines of its day, it paid better than most of, and had similar cachet to, the university-based and the other independent "little magazines" of its era.
Pornographic magazines, or erotic magazines, sometimes known as adult, sex or top-shelf magazines, are magazines that contain content of an explicitly sexual nature.
 Publications of this kind may contain images of attractive naked subjects, as is the case in softcore pornography, and, in the usual case of hardcore pornography, depictions of masturbation, oral or anal sex, or intercourse.
Lifestyle changes have been increasing slowly since the introduction of media.
 Media – films, television shows, magazines, and more recently, the Internet (i.e. self-written blogs and popular websites) are the main sources of lifestyle influence around the world.
 Lifestyle changes include how people eat, dress, and communicate.
 Celebrity endorsements are prevalent.
 Lifestyle trends have always been influenced by the wealthy and famous, whether they are spotted at leisure or in a paid advertisement.
 At the dawn of the media age, the newspaper, popular magazines like "Life", and TV allowed the general public glimpse lifestyles that before were only available to the imagination.
 After its creation, the Internet became arguably the most powerful medium for spotting and influencing trends, not just by celebrities but by the average person.
 The computer era has changed the way people obtain their news, perspectives and communication.
 Magazines are still popular, but advertisers now often supply a web address where consumers can visit for more information than a print ad can provide.
 The average American household has two personal computers, making the Internet easily accessible.
 The rise of user-generated content is exemplified by the fact that anyone with Internet access can create a blog or an online journal, whether personal or commercial, which might detail someone's experience in a new restaurant, a purchased item of clothing or knickknack, or a review to a film.
 With the advent of the Android phone and its relative ease of uploading photos to social media sites such as Facebook, one can get an idea of how quickly an idea, pub review, or coveted object can be shared.
 Advertisers have always been privy to the strength of word-of-mouth and have tapped into social media, including Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr to make their wares known.
 Douglas Kellner writes, "Radio, television, film, and the other products of media culture provide materials out of which we forge our very identities; our sense of selfhood; our notion of what it means to be male or female; our sense of class, of ethnicity and race, of nationality, of sexuality; and of "us" and "them.""
Be Love is a Japanese manga magazine targeting women published by Kodansha.
 It debuted in September 1980.
 It is one of the leading manga magazines for adult women, the first of its kind, and was instrumental in the rising popularity of josei manga in the 1980s, which led to the creation of other magazines targeted at women such as "You" and "Big Comic for Lady".
 As of 2003, "Be Love", like "You" and "Jour", published stories focussing on "the reality of everyday life" experienced by its readers.
A roller disco is a discothèque or skating rink where all the dancers wear roller skates of some kind (traditional quad or inline).
 The music played is modern and easily danceable, historically disco but in modern times including almost any form of dance, pop or rock music.
 The concept originated as a fad in the 1970s when the disco craze was at its height, peaking around 1980 and inspiring several roller-disco magazines.
 In 1984 the fad arrived in the United Kingdom and many roller discos popped up all over the country s of 2006 , the craze has largely discontinued, although many 1970s era roller-discos are still open and successful.
 Also, it experienced a mild revival in the early 2000s, especially in the mid-eastern United States , where certain clubs continue to host roller disco nights.
 Some now use in-line roller-blades.
 Roller discos are also popular among older children and young teenagers, especially for parties.
 As in other discos, special effects such as fog machines and flashing traffic lights are often used.
 To minimise the risk of injury, the organisers of roller discos often only allow participants to skate in one direction at a time, so that they do not crash into one another, although many roller discos have a "free skate" section in the middle of the roller rink.
