Kaley Christine Cuoco ( ; born November 30, 1985) is an American actress.
 After a series of supporting film and television roles in the late 1990s, she landed her breakthrough role as Bridget Hennessy on the ABC sitcom "8 Simple Rules", on which she starred from 2002 to 2005.
 Thereafter, Cuoco appeared as Billie Jenkins on the final season of the television series "Charmed" (2005–2006).
 Since 2007, she has starred as Penny on the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory", for which she has received Satellite, Critics' Choice, and People's Choice Awards.
 Cuoco's film work includes roles in "To Be Fat like Me" (2007), "Hop" (2011) and "Authors Anonymous" (2014).
 She received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2014.
Penny Rae Bridges (born July 29, 1990) is an American actress.
 Her television work has included roles in "For Your Love", "Family Law", "Boy Meets World" and "The Parent 'Hood".
 She is best known for her role in "Half & Half", as the young Mona.
Cress Williams (born July 26, 1970) is an American film and television actor, best known for playing the hitman Wyatt Mathewson in "Prison Break" and detective Ed Williams in "Close to Home".
 He is also known for his role as Inspector Antwon Babcock in the final season of "Nash Bridges", and as D’Shawn Hardell in seasons 4 and 5 of "Beverly Hills, 90210".
 He also had a notable role of portraying music promoter Terrence "Scooter" Williams (the love interest of Khadijah) in the Fox television sitcom "Living Single".
 He most recently played Mayor Lavon Hayes on The CW series "Hart of Dixie" as well as being cast to play "Black Lightning" on The CW series of the same name.
James Daniel Bridges Jr. (born September 15, 1960 in San Francisco, California) is an American actor.
 He is the son of Betty A. Bridges, an actress, and James Bridges Sr. and the brother of Todd Bridges of Diff'rent Strokes and Verda Bridges.
 His three daughters, Penny Bae Bridges, Brooke Marie Bridges, and Rachel Bridges are all actresses.
Shashank Bali is an Indian television director .
 His first television directorial venture was F.I.R. (TV series), an Indian television sitcom.
 After nine years of its successful run the serial went off air and Bali started with another Indian television sitcom, Bhabi Ji Ghar Par Hai!
 Along with Bhabi Ji Ghar Par Hai!
 he simultaneously started directing May I Come In Madam?
 an Indian television sitcom.
Kelly Ann Hu (born February 13, 1968 ) is an American actress, voice artist, former fashion model and beauty queen.
 She was Miss Teen USA 1985 and Miss Hawaii USA 1993.
 Hu starred as Dr. Rae Chang on the American television soap opera "Sunset Beach" and as Michelle Chan on the American television police drama series "Nash Bridges".
 She has also starred in numerous films including "The Scorpion King" (2002) as Sorceress Cassandra, "Cradle 2 the Grave" (2003) as Sona, "X2" as Yuriko Oyama/Lady Deathstrike (2003), "The Tournament" (2009) as Lai Lai Zhen, and "White Frog" (2012).
Tracy McConnell, better known as "The Mother", is the title character from the CBS television sitcom "How I Met Your Mother".
 The show, narrated by Future Ted, tells the story of how Ted Mosby met The Mother.
 Tracy McConnell appears in 8 episodes from "Lucky Penny" to "The Time Travelers" as an unseen character; she was first seen fully in "Something New" and was promoted to a main character in season 9.
 The Mother is played by Cristin Milioti.
"Happy Endings" is an American television sitcom broadcast on ABC.
 Starring Eliza Coupe, Elisha Cuthbert, Zachary Knighton, Adam Pally, Damon Wayans, Jr., and Casey Wilson, the single-camera ensemble comedy revolves around the lives of a group of friends whose group is rocked when the couple that brought them together, Alex and Dave, break up.
 This leaves the rest of the group—Max, Brad, Jane, and Penny—in an awkward position of either trying to stay together as friends or having to choose sides.
Penny Rae Framstad (born November 12, 1960) is an American singer and songwriter whose musical style has been generally classified as pop, rock, and singer/songwriter influences.
 Framstad was born in Santa Cruz, California to parents Raymond and Eula Mae Framstad (nee McCoy).
Diff'rent Strokes is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from November 3, 1978, to May 4, 1985, and on ABC from September 27, 1985, to March 7, 1986.
 The series stars Gary Coleman and Todd Bridges as Arnold and Willis Jackson, two African American boys from Harlem who are taken in by a rich white Park Avenue businessman and widower named Phillip Drummond (Conrad Bain) and his daughter Kimberly (Dana Plato), for whom their deceased mother previously worked.
 During the first season and first half of the second season, Charlotte Rae also starred as the Drummonds' housekeeper, Mrs. Garrett (who ultimately spun off into her own successful sitcom, "The Facts of Life").
