Tierra del Fuego—literally "Land of the Fire", formerly "Isla de Xativa" and also known as Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego—is an island near the southern tip of South America from which it is separated by the Strait of Magellan.
 The western portion (61.43%) of the island (29,484.7 km2 ) is in Chile (Province of Tierra del Fuego and Antártica Chilena Province), while the eastern portion (38.57%, 18,507.3 km2 ) is in Argentina (Tierra del Fuego Province).
 It forms the major landmass in an extended group of islands or archipelago also known as Tierra del Fuego.
Santa Inés Island (Spanish: "Isla Santa Inés" ) is an island in southern Chile, part of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago and of Punta Arenas municipality, lying south west of the Brunswick Peninsula, from which is separated by the Strait of Magellan and minor islands.
 It is the largest island of Punta Arenas municipality and the third largest of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago, after Isla Grande and Hoste Island.
 Its shoreline in this area is part of the Francisco Coloane Coastal and Marine Protected Area.
 The rest of the island is a part of the Alacalufes National Reserve, equalling that Desolación Island and the "Córdova Peninsula".
 This latter is located in front of the island on the other side of the Strait of Magellan and is a peninsula of Riesco Island.
 The island belongs to the Tierra del Fuego archipelago.
The Governor of Tierra del Fuego, Antarctica and South Atlantic Islands (Spanish: "Gobernadora de Tierra del Fuego, Antártida e Islas del Atlántico Sur" ) is the highest executive officer of the Argentine province of Tierra del Fuego.
 The Governor is directly elected by the people of the province for a four-year term.
 The Lieutenant Governor is elected at the same time and can assume office in the absence, death or suspension of the Governor.
Tolhuin is a town in the province of Tierra del Fuego, Argentina.
 It has 1,382 inhabitants as per the 2001 census .
 It is located on the eastern shore of Lake Fagnano, in the southern part of the Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego.
 It is the third largest settlement on the Argentine side of Tierra del Fuego after Ushuaia and Río Grande.
Tierra del Fuego National Park (Spanish: "Parque Nacional Tierra del Fuego" ) is a national park on the Argentine part of the island of Tierra del Fuego, within Tierra del Fuego Province in the ecoregion of Patagonic Forest and Altos Andes, a part of the subantarctic forest.
 Established on 15 October 1960 under the Law 15.554 and expanded in 1966, it was the first shoreline national park to be established in Argentina.
Tierra del Fuego Province (Spanish: "Provincia de Tierra del Fuego" ) is one of four provinces in the southern Chilean region of Magallanes and Antártica Chilena (XII).
 It includes the Chilean or western part of the main island of Tierra del Fuego, except for the part south of the Cordillera Darwin, which is in Antártica Chilena Province.
 (Argentina also has a Tierra del Fuego Province.)
The National University of Tierra del Fuego, Antarctica and South Atlantic Islands (Spanish: "Universidad Nacional de Tierra del Fuego, Antártida e Islas del Atlántico Sur" ) is an Argentine national university in Tierra del Fuego Province.
 The campus university is located in the city of Ushuaia.
 The institution was founded through National Law 26.559, enacted by Congress on November 14, 2009, and was formally established on December 28, 2010.
The Chonan languages were spoken in Tierra del Fuego and Patagonia.
 Two Chon languages are well attested: Selk'nam, spoken by the people of the same name who occupied territory in the northeast of Tierra del Fuego; and Tehuelche spoken by the people of the same name who occupied territory north of Tierra del Fuego.
 The name 'Chon', or "Tshon", is a blend of 'Tehuelche' and 'Ona'.
Río Grande is a city in Argentina, on the north coast of the eastern part of the Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego.
 It has a population of 67,038, and is the industrial capital of the Tierra del Fuego Province.
The 1949 Tierra del Fuego earthquake occurred on the island of Tierra del Fuego on 17 December at 06:53:30.
 Its epicenter was located in the east of the Chilean Tierra del Fuego Province, close to the Argentine border, at a depth of 30 km (19 mi).
