Dionicio Morales (1918, Yuma, Arizona - September 24, 2008, Beverly Hospital, Montebello, California) was a Latino civil rights leader and social entrepreneur.
 Morales was the founder of the Mexican American Opportunity Foundation (MAOF), the largest Hispanic nonprofit in the nation.
 He spent his life fighting segregation and prejudice in the United States.
 His abilities to work with corporate and political leaders opened the doors and jobs for thousands of Latinos in the U.S. His personal relationship with President Lyndon Johnson allowed MOAF to win significant civil rights victories for Latinos.
 His civil rights activism earned him recognition as “an urban Cesar Chavez” and social entrepreneur.
 He worked tirelessly inspiring several new generation of Mexican American business and political leaders as he pursued his vision of a U.S.A. where all Latinos have equal opportunities in education and the workplace.
Karen K. Narasaki (born April 4, 1958) is an American civil rights leader and human rights activist.
 In July 2014 President Barack Obama appointed Narasaki to serve as a Commissioner on the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
 She is the former president and executive director of the Asian Americans Advancing Justice | AAJC.
 Advancing Justice | AAJC is a Washington, D.C.-based, nonprofit civil rights organization whose mission is to advance the human and civil rights of Asian Pacific Americans through advocacy, public policy, public education and litigation.
 Prior to her post at AAJC, she served as the Washington, D.C. representative to the Japanese American Citizens League.
David T. Beito (born 1956) is a historian and professor of history at the University of Alabama.
 He is the author of "Taxpayers in Revolt: Tax Resistance during the Great Depression" (1989); "From Mutual Aid to the Welfare State: Fraternal Societies and Social Services, 1890–1967" (2000); "The Voluntary City: Choice, Community, and Civil Society" (2002); and "Black Maverick: T. R. M. Howard's Fight for Civil Rights and Economic Power" (2009) which was co-authored by Professor Linda Royster Beito of Stillman College).
 "Black Maverick" is a biography of civil rights leader, surgeon, entrepreneur and self-help advocate, T. R. M. Howard, who was a mentor to Medgar Evers and Fannie Lou Hamer, and was reviewed by "The Wall Street Journal", "Harper's Magazine", and other publications.
The "Grand Army of the Republic" (GAR) was a fraternal organization composed of veterans of the Union Army (United States Army), Union Navy (U.S. Navy), Marines and the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service who served in the American Civil War for the Northern/Federal forces.
 Founded in 1866 in Decatur, Illinois, and growing to include hundreds of posts (local community units) across the nation (predominately in the North, but also a few in the South and West), it was dissolved in 1956 at the death of its last member, Albert Woolson (1850–1956) of Duluth, Minnesota.
 Linking men through their experience of the war, the G.A.R. became among the first organized advocacy groups in American politics, supporting voting rights for black veterans, promoting patriotic education, helping to make Memorial Day a national holiday, lobbying the United States Congress to establish regular veterans' pensions, and supporting Republican political candidates.
 Its peak membership, at more than 490,000, was in 1890, a high point of various Civil War commemorative and monument dedication ceremonies.
 It was succeeded by the Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War (SUVCW), composed of male descendants of Union Army and Union Navy veterans.
Queen Mother Moore (July 27, 1898 – May 2, 1997) was an African-American civil rights leader and a black nationalist who was friends with such civil rights leaders as Marcus Garvey, Nelson Mandela, Rosa Parks, and Jesse Jackson.
 She was a figure in the American Civil Rights Movement and a founder of the Republic of New Afrika.
Antonio Maceo Smith (April 16, 1903 - December 19, 1977) was a pioneer civil rights leader in Dallas, Texas, whose years of activism with the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and other civil rights and community groups led Texans to dub him "Mr. Civil Rights" and "Mr. Organization".
Taj Matthews (born March 24, 1976 in San Antonio, Texas) is an American journalist, entrepreneur, author of "Grandpa was a Preacher: A Letter to my Grandson".
 The book is the autobiography of his grandfather civil rights icon Rev. Claude Black Jr., who describes life as a minister, civil rights leader and politician.
 After nearly 20 years, Matthews returned to his hometown of San Antonio, Texas from Jacksonville, Florida.
 He currently serves as Executive Director of the Claude & ZerNona Black Developmental Leadership Foundation
Whitney Moore Young Jr. (July 31, 1921 – March 11, 1971) was an American civil rights leader.
 He spent most of his career working to end employment discrimination in the United States and turning the National Urban League from a relatively passive civil rights organization into one that aggressively worked for equitable access to socioeconomic opportunity for the historically disenfranchised.
Theodore Roosevelt Mason "T. R. M." Howard (March 4, 1908 – May 1, 1976) was an American civil rights leader, fraternal organization leader, entrepreneur and surgeon.
 He was one of the mentors to activists such as Medgar Evers, Charles Evers, Fannie Lou Hamer, Amzie Moore, Aaron Henry, and Jesse Jackson, founded Mississippi's leading civil rights organization in the 1950s, the Regional Council of Negro Leadership, and played a prominent role in the investigation of the kidnapping and murder of Emmett Till.
 He was also president of the National Medical Association and chairman of the board of the National Negro Business League and a leading national advocate of African-American businesses.
William Jefferson White (December 25, 1831 – April 17, 1913) was a civil rights leader, minister, educator, and journalist in Augusta, Georgia.
 He was the founder of Harmony Baptist Church in Augusta in 1869 as well as other churches.
 He also was a co-founder of the Augusta Institute in 1867, which would become Morehouse College.
 He also helped found Atlanta University and was a trustee of both schools.
 He was a founder in 1880 and the managing editor of the "Georgia Baptist", a leading African American newspaper for many years.
 He was an outspoken civil rights leader.
