MedCity (London) describes the collaboration between the Mayor of London and the capital's health science centres of three premier academic institutions Imperial College London, King's College London and University College London comprising the London part of the 'golden triangle'.
 MedCity was launched in 2014 to increase collaboration between Imperial College, King’s College and University College London — the capital’s three main science universities — and promote the broader 'golden triangle' between London, Cambridge and Oxford to investors.
 This collaboration is supported by HEFCE and London & Partners and works with the life sciences sector across the greater south-east of England.
Edwin Oliver James (1888 – 1972) was an anthropologist in the field of comparative religion.
 He was Professor Emeritus of the History and Philosophy of Religion in the University of London, Fellow of University College London and Fellow of King's College London.
 During his long career he had been Professor of History and Philosophy of Religion at the University of Leeds, Lecturer at the University of Amsterdam and Wilde Lecturer at the University of Oxford.
Heather A. Horst is sociocultural anthropologist and author who writes on material culture, mobility, and the mediation of social relations.
 She is currently the Vice Chancellor's Senior Research Fellow in the School of Media and Communication at RMIT University in Melbourne, Australia and a Research Fellow in the MA program in digital anthropology at University College London.
 She has a B. A. from University of Minnesota, an M. A. from University of California, Santa Barbara, and a Ph. D. from University College, London (UCL).
 Horst served as an Associate Project Scientist for DML Research Hub in the Department of Humanities Research Institute at University of California, Irvine, an Honorary Research Associate in Department of Anthropology and a faculty of Social & Historical Sciences at University College London.
The UCLH/UCL Biomedical Research Centre (officially the NIHR Biomedical Research Centre at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and University College London) is a biomedical research centre based in London.
 It is a partnership between University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (UCLH), University College London (UCL) and the National Institute for Health Research and was one of the original five Comprehensive Biomedical Research Centres established by the English NHS in April 2007.
Sir Victor Alexander Haden Horsley, FRS (14 April 1857 – 16 July 1916) was an accomplished scientist and professor.
 He was born in Kensington, London.
 He was educated at Cranbrook School, Kent, and studied medicine at University College London and in Berlin, Germany (1881), and in the same year started his career as a house surgeon and registrar at the University College Hospital.
 From 1884 to 1890 Horsley was Professor-Superintendent of the Brown Institute.
 In 1886, he was appointed as Assistant Professor of Surgery at the National Hospital for Paralysis and Epilepsy, and as a Professor of Pathology (1887–1896) and Professor of Clinical Surgery (1899–1902) at University College London.
 He was a supporter for women's suffrage, and was an opponent of tobacco and alcohol.
William Shaw (born 14 May 1958) is a British mathematician, currently visiting professor of the mathematics and computation of risk at University College London.
 He is a consultant on financial derivatives, an author of a primary book on using Mathematica to model financial derivatives, co-Editor-in-Chief of the journal "Applied Mathematical Finance", and a member of the Mathematics and Computer Science Departments at University College London.
Jeffery was born in 1891 and educated at Strand School, Wilson's School and at King's College London.
 In 1909 he qualified as a teacher at the London Day Training College and graduated from University College London in 1911.
 From 1912 to 1921 Jeffery served as Assistant Lecturer in Applied Mathematics at University College, London.
 He was a research student and assistant of L. N. G. Filon.
 In 1921 he became University Reader in Mathematics at University College.
 In 1922 he was appointed Professor of Mathematics at King's College London.
 In 1924 he returned to University College as Astor Professor of Pure Mathematics (upon the retirement of M. J. M. Hill in 1923).
Professor David A. Bender is an author and academic teaching nutrition and biochemistry.
 He is Professor of Nutritional Biochemistry at University College London, University College London; and Sub-Dean (Teaching) for the Royal Free and University College Medical School.
Arthur I. Miller is Emeritus Professor of History and Philosophy of Science at University College London.
 He took a PhD in physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 From 1991 to 2005 he was Professor of History and Philosophy of Science at University College London (UCL).
 At UCL, Professor Miller helped restructure an academic unit combining history and philosophy of science, sociology of science, and science communication to create UCL Department of Science and Technology Studies, renamed in 1994.
 He was instrumental in developing the UK's first undergraduate single honours BSc degree in History and Philosophy of Science, at UCL, launched in 1993.
Deirdre Wilson is a British linguist and cognitive scientist.
 She is emeritus professor of Linguistics at University College London and research professor at the Centre for the Study of Mind in Nature at the University of Oslo.
 Her most influential work has been in linguistic pragmatics—specifically in the development of Relevance Theory with French anthropologist Dan Sperber.
 This work has been especially influential in the Philosophy of Language.
 Important influences on Wilson are Noam Chomsky, Jerry Fodor, and Paul Grice.
 Linguists and philosophers of language who have been students of Wilson include Stephen Neale (CUNY Graduate Center), and Robyn Carston (University College London).
