X&Y (stylized as X & Y) is the third studio album by the British rock band Coldplay.
 It was released on 6 June 2005 by Parlophone in the United Kingdom, and a day later by Capitol Records in the United States.
 The album was produced by Coldplay and producer Danton Supple.
 It is noted for its troubled and urgent development, with producer Ken Nelson having originally been tasked with producing much of the album; however, many songs written during his sessions were discarded owing to the band's dissatisfaction with them.
 The album's cover art is a combination of colours and blocks, which is a representation of the Baudot code.
"Life in Technicolor II" (properly spelled and written as "Life in Technicolor ii"), is a song by British rock band Coldplay and the first single from the band's 2008 EP, "Prospekt's March".
 The song is the full, vocal version of the instrumental song "Life in Technicolor" from Coldplay's fourth studio album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends".
 A promo CD single for the song was released in December 2008.
 The official single was released on 2 February 2009 on 7" vinyl and digital download.
 The single includes the previously unreleased and unheard track "The Goldrush", one of the few Coldplay songs featuring lead vocals by drummer Will Champion.
 It was nominated for two Grammy Award for the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards; "Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal" and "Best Music Video".
"Fuck U Betta" (stylized as "F**k U Betta"), also known as "Love U Betta" or "F U Betta" in clean versions, is a song by British singer Neon Hitch.
 The song was released as the first single from her now unreleased debut album Beg, Borrow & Steal.
 The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart and number 29 on the "Billboard" Pop Songs chart.
Mi Saw U (Burmese: မိစောဦး , ] ; also known as Min Saw U) was a Pagan princess, who was queen of two kings, Kyawswa of Pagan and Thihathu of Pinya, and mother of two kings, Uzana I of Pinya and Kyawswa I of Pinya.
 Saw U was a daughter of Narathihapate, the last sovereign king of Pagan.
 Married to her half-brother Kyawswa, Saw U was pregnant with Kyawswa's child (Uzana) in December 1297 when she was seized by Thihathu who had just overthrown Kyawswa.
 Thihathu raised Uzana as his own child and later selected him as heir apparent.
 Saw U also gave birth to Thihathu's child, also named Kyawswa.
 Both Uzana and Kyawswa went on to become kings of Pinya.
 Her youngest son Nawrahta defected to the Sagaing Kingdom c. 1349 after a disagreement with his brother Kyawswa.
The discography of South Korean-born Australian recording artist Dami Im consists of three studio albums, two extended plays, ten singles, two album appearances, and four music videos. Im began her music career as a gospel singer in Korea and independently released her debut studio album, "Dream", in 2010.
 She was the winner on the fifth season of "The X Factor Australia" in 2013, and subsequently received a contract with Sony Music Australia.
 Im released her self-titled second studio album in November 2013, which features selected songs she performed as part of the top twelve on "The X Factor".
 The album debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting shipments of 70,000 copies.
 Additionally, the album also included Im's debut single "Alive", which topped the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified platinum.
 She became the first "X Factor Australia" contestant to follow up a number one single with a number one album on the ARIA Charts.
"U.F.O." is a song by British rock band Coldplay.
 It was written by all four members of the band for their fifth studio album, "Mylo Xyloto".
 The album's opening track, "Mylo Xyloto" and "A Hopeful Transmission" are based on the chords from the second half of this song.
 After the song ends, the track includes a short instrumental section (reminiscent of "Prospekt's March/Poppyfields") that segues into the following track, "Princess of China".
 The track also features samples from a sample of Sigur Rós' "Takk...".
In mathematics, the theory of fiber bundles with a structure group formula_1 (a topological group) allows an operation of creating an associated bundle, in which the typical fiber of a bundle changes from formula_2 to formula_3, which are both topological spaces with a group action of formula_1.
 For a fibre bundle "F" with structure group "G", the transition functions of the fibre (i.e., the cocycle) in an overlap of two coordinate systems "U" and "U" are given as a "G"-valued function "g" on "U"∩"U".
 One may then construct a fibre bundle "F"′ as a new fibre bundle having the same transition functions, but possibly a different fibre.
"Viva la Vida" ( ; ] ) is a song by the British rock band Coldplay.
 It was written by all members of the band for their fourth album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" (2008), and was released as the second single from the album.
 On the album, this song segues directly into the next track, "Violet Hill".
 "Viva la Vida" is Spanish for "Long Live Life" or "Live (the) Life".
 It is recognized as one of Coldplay's signature songs.
In computer science, the shortest common supersequence of two sequences X and Y is the shortest sequence which has X and Y as subsequences.
 This is a problem closely related to the longest common subsequence problem.
 Given two sequences X = < x..
.
,x > and Y = < y..
.
,y >, a sequence U = < u..
.
,u > is a common supersequence of X and Y if items can be removed from U to produce X or Y.
"Princess of China" is a duet recorded by British rock band Coldplay and Barbadian singer Rihanna for Coldplay's fifth studio album "Mylo Xyloto".
 The song was written by band members Guy Berryman, Jonny Buckland, Will Champion, and Chris Martin, along with Brian Eno, and is influenced by the music genres of electronic rock, electropop and R&B.
 The song was released as the fourth single from "Mylo Xyloto" and was sent to US Mainstream radio on 14 February 2012.
 It was later released as a digital download on 13 April 2012.
 A companion EP to the single, featuring an acoustic version of the song, was released on 1 June 2012.
