Control is a 2007 British biographical film about the life of Ian Curtis, singer of the late-1970s English post-punk band Joy Division.
 It is the first feature film directed by Anton Corbijn, who had worked with Joy Division as a photographer.
 The screenplay by Matt Greenhalgh was based on the biography "Touching from a Distance" by Curtis's widow Deborah, who served as a co-producer on the film.
 Tony Wilson, who released Joy Division's records through his Factory Records label, also served as a co-producer.
 Curtis' bandmates Bernard Sumner, Peter Hook, and Stephen Morris provided incidental music for the soundtrack via their post-Joy Division incarnation New Order.
 "Control" was filmed partly on location in Nottingham, Manchester, and Macclesfield, including areas where Curtis lived, and was shot in colour and then printed to black-and-white.
 Its title comes from the Joy Division song "She's Lost Control", and the fact that much of the plot deals with the notion that Curtis tried to remain
Kadhalan (காதலன்) is the soundtrack to the 1994 Tamil film of the same name, directed by Shankar.
 The soundtrack, released as "Kadhalan: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack", features 9 songs composed by A. R. Rahman and lyrics penned by Vairamuthu, Vaali, Shankar and Thirikudarasappa Kavirayar.
 Owing to the immense national popularity of the song Mukkabla, the soundtrack was subsequently dubbed in Hindi as "Humse Hai Muqabala" and in Telugu as "Premikudu".
 Lyrics for this versions were written by P. K. Mishra and Rajashri respectively.
Aagadu is the feature film soundtrack composed by S. Thaman for the Telugu film of the same name directed by Srinu Vaitla which features Mahesh Babu and Tamannaah in the lead roles.
 This also marks Thaman's 50th film as a music composer.
 The soundtrack consists of 5 songs and a Theme music all composed by Thaman while the lyrics were penned by Sri Mani and Bhaskarabhatla Ravikumar.
 The film's soundtrack was released on 30 August 2014 through Lahari Music by hosting a promotional event at Shilpakala Vedika in Hyderabad.
 The soundtrack opened to positive reception from critics as well as audience and was highly successful.
The Tired Sounds of Stars of the Lid is the sixth studio LP by ambient drone music group Stars of the Lid.
 It was released in late 2001 on the Kranky label, on two CDs and three LPs.
 The album features long minimal, droning compositions created from heavily treated guitar, horn, flute, piano, and other classical instruments.
 The second track, "Requiem For Dying Mothers, part 2", features a sample from the final scene of Andrei Tarkovsky's film "Stalker", where the character Monkey pushes a glass across a table by way of telekinesis as a dog whines and a train whistle blows in the distance.
 The third track, "Down 3", contains a sample from the soundtrack to John Frankenheimer's 1966 film "Seconds".
Going the Distance is a 2004 Canadian teen/comedy film directed by Mark Griffiths, and written by Eric Goodman and Kelly Senecal.
 A road movie set across Canada, its tagline was "They came.
 They saw.
 They came.
" The film was released in Canada as "Going the Distance", but for American release the film's title was expanded to "National Lampoon's Going the Distance".
 The Canadian DVD release retains its original release title.
Keep Safe Distance is an upcoming Indian thriller film directed by Rama Mehra and produced by Vishnu Dhanraj Sharma and mahesh sharma under the Rama Dhanraj Production.
Damodar Raao is composing soundtrack of the film.
Million Dollar Arm (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the soundtrack album of the American biographical drama film of the same name, directed by Craig Gillespie.
 A. R. Rahman composed all seven of the original songs as well as the score for the film.
 Artists Iggy Azalea, KT Tunstall, Wale, Sukhwinder Singh, Raghav Mathur have collaborated with the composer for the soundtrack.
 Kendrick Lamar also recorded a song that is featured only in the film.
 The soundtrack album was digitally released by Walt Disney Records on May 13, 2014, followed by a CD release on May 19.
"Come to the Funfair" (originally called "Funfair") is a song first written for the 1968 musical film "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" but was cut almost entirely from the final edit of the film.
 The musical theme is still heard in the soundtrack immediately after "Caractacus Potts" (Dick Van Dyke) sings "Hushabye Mountain".
 Then Potts gets the idea to earn money by cutting hair at the funfair.
 The music is heard as carnies walk by in the distance.
 The song was written by Robert B. Sherman & Richard M. Sherman.
Scarface: Music from the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album featured on the 1983 American crime film, "Scarface", which was directed by Brian De Palma.
 Composed by Italian record producer Giorgio Moroder, the vinyl soundtrack was released on December 9 of the same year through MCA Records.
 The album features music created by Moroder, who wrote and produced all of the tracks.
 "Scarface" counts with the collaboration of multiple singers, including Paul Engemann in the track "Scarface (Push It to the Limit)", Debbie Harry in "Rush Rush", and Amy Holland in "She's on Fire" and "Turn Out the Night", among other artists.
 The soundtrack received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Original Score at the 41st Golden Globe Awards.
Interstellar: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2014 film "Interstellar" directed by Christopher Nolan.
 The film score is composed by Hans Zimmer who previously scored Nolan's "Batman" film trilogy and "Inception".
 The soundtrack garnered critical acclaim.
 Prior to its digital release, it was nominated for an Academy Award and Original Score at the Hollywood Music in Media Awards.
 The soundtrack was released on November 17, 2014 via the WaterTower label.
