Manny Cussins (26 October 1905 – 5 October 1987) was a British businessman, who made his fortune in the furniture retail business, becoming chairman of Waring & Gillow.
 He joined the board of directors at Leeds United F.C. in 1961, and served as the club's chairman between 1972 and 1983.
 He died on 5 October 1987, aged 81.
Siddharth N. "Bobby" Mehta was former CEO and vice chairman of HSBC North America.
 Mehta served as an Advisor of TransUnion since December 31, 2012.
 Mehta serves as consultant of TransUnion.
 He served the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion from August 2007 to December 31, 2012, and Transunion Financing Corp. until December 31, 2012.
 From May 2007 to July 2007, he served as a consultant to the board of directors at TransUnion.
 He served as the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion until December 31, 2012.
 He served as the chief executive officer of TransUnion LLC.
 He served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of HSBC Finance Corporation from April 2005 to February 2007.
 He served as chief executive officer and president of TransUnion LLC from 2007 to 2012.
 From 1998 to 2007, he held a variety of positions with HSBC Finance Corporation and HSBC North America Holdings, Inc.
 Mehta served as chief executive officer of HSBC North America until February 2007.
 Mehta served as consultant of TransUnion since May 2007 until July 2007.
 Mehta served as group managing director of HSBC Holdings PLC of HSBC Finance Corp. since April 30, 2005, and its unit chief executive officer since March 2005.
 He served as the chief executive of HS BC North America Holdings Inc., of HSBC Finance Corp., from March 2005 to February 15, 2007.
 He served as an executive chairman of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited since April 2005 and served as its chief executive officer from April 2005 to February 15, 2007.
 He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC Bank USA, N.A. until February 2007.
 He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC North America Holdings Inc. since March 2005.
 He served as chairman and chief executive officer of HSBC Financial Corp., Ltd.
 He oversaw HSBC's global credit card services, its North American consumer lending and mortgage services businesses and its first mortgage operation.
 He was also responsible for corporate marketing, strategic planning and corporate development for HSBC North America Holdings Inc. and had responsibility for the strategic management of credit cards throughout the HSBC Group.
 Mehta served as group executive of Credit Card Services, Auto Finance and Canada of Household International Inc., since July 2002.
 He worked at MasterCard’s U.S. region board since March 2000.
 Mehta joined Household International Inc., in 1998.
 He served as senior vice president of The Boston Consulting Group in Los Angeles and co-leader of Boston Consulting Group Financial Services Practice in the United States.
 Mehta served as a director of Global Board of MasterCard Incorporated since March 17, 2005.
 He served as unit chairman of HSBC Holdings PLC and served as its board member since March 2005.
 He served as vice chairman and director of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited., (Formerly Household International Inc.).
 He has been a director of Avant Credit Corporation since December 18, 2014.
 He has been an independent director of The Allstate Corporation since February 19, 2014.
 He serves as a member of the advisory board at Core2 Group, Inc.
 He has been non-executive independent director at Piramal Enterprises Ltd since April 1, 2013.
 He serves on the boards of Datacard, Chicago Public Education Fund, University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, The Economic Club of Chicago, The Field Museum and Myelin Repair Foundation.
 He serves as a director of TransUnion Corp. and TransUnion LLC.
 He served as a director of MasterCard International Inc. (also known as MasterCard Worldwide) (formerly, MasterCard Inc.), since March 17, 2005.
 He served as a director of HSBC Financial Corp.
 Ltd.
 He has been a director of TransUnion since April 2012.
 Mehta serves on the board of international advisors for the Monterey, California, Institute of International Studies and is a member of the Financial Services Roundtable.
 He also serves on the board of advisors for the Myelin Repair Foundation.
 Mehta holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the London School of Economics and Masters of Business Administration from the University of Chicago.
 He stepped down as head of the North American unit after the lender raised its forecast for bad loans in the U.S.
 He is of Indian descent.
Emmanuel “Manny” Cohen (born 2 August 1957) is a British businessman, best known as a pioneer in the business information and corporate registrations industry.
 He is a chairman of The Raymond Morris Group, which includes RM Company Services Limited, a UK law firm.
Hasan Sohaib Murad (born October 22, 1959) is a scholar of organization and management.
 He has played a leading role in organizing a joint platform of all business schools in Pakistan as founding chairman of Association Management of Development Institutions of Pakistan (AMDIP) from 2002 to 2006.
 AMDIP is a constituent body of Association of Management Development Institutions of South Asia (AMDISA), a SAARC body based in Hyderabad, India.
 Murad is a member of the Executive Board of AMDISA.
 He has been part of the group formed to develop South Asian Quality Assurance System.
 He has also been member of the executive board of Asia Academy of Management, Hong Kong, an offshoot of Academy of Management, USA.
 Murad was founding secretary general of International Business Forum, a global networking platform of management and business professionals having headquarters in Istanbul, Turkey.
 He has been pioneering member of the core group constituted for Globally Responsible Leadership Initiative organized under European Foundation of Management, Brussels, in collaboration with Global Compact of United Nations.
 He is member of the Senate of University of Veterinary and Agricultural Sciences.
 He was dean of the Institute of Leadership and management from 1995 to 2000 and is currently serving as rector of the University of Management and Technology, Lahore.
 He earned a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from NED University, Karachi, an MBA from Washington State University, and PhD from University of Wales, UK.
 He was the director general of Institute of Leadership and Management from 1992 to 1999.
 He is the founder member of board of Tricast media, an international mobile software technology enterprise, founder member of Board of ILM Trust since its inception in 1990, chairman of ILM Colleges and The Knowledge School network.
 Murad was recently appointed as the chairman of National Business Education Accreditation-council (NBEAC) legislature of Higher Education Commission (HEC) Government of Pakistan.
Manny's Music was an American music instrument store in New York City on Music Row (West 48th Street, between 6th and 7th Avenues), Midtown Manhattan, where musicians from beginner to professional could buy their instruments and meet each other.
 Many artists bought their first guitar from Manny's before they became famous.
 The store was in business from 1935 to 2009, years.
The One Patriotic Coalition of Marginalized Nationals (abbreviated as 1-Pacman, and a namesake of Manny Pacquiao) is a political party-list based in the Philippines advocating for the marginalized and displaced sector in the country.
 In the 2016 national elections, 1-Pacman is one of the contenders in the party-list election.
 Leading the nominees who will vyied for a seat are Mikee Romero, who is the team owner of GlobalPort Batang Pier in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) and Erick Pineda, who served as the business manager of Filipino boxing champion Manny Pacquiao.
Philip Nevill Green CBE (born 12 May 1953) is a British business executive.
 He became Chairman of Carillion in May 2014 and has been Chairman of BakerCorp since June 2011, following the company's acquisition by the private equity firm, Permira.
 Green is also Chairman Designate of Williams & Glyn, the UK challenger bank that is being divested by Royal Bank of Scotland.
 From 2006 to 2011 he was executive of the United Utilities when he was succeeded by Steve Mogford, and was the chairman of the shipbroker, Clarkson.
 He advised the British prime minister David Cameron on issues such as corporate responsibility.
 In addition, he has supported several charity projects including charity Sentebale and the charity "Hope Through Action".
 He graduated from the University of Wales and got a master's degree in business from London Business School.
Bradley Wayne Hughes (born September 28, 1933) is the founder and chairman of Public Storage, the largest self-storage company in America doing business as a REIT or real estate investment trust.
 As of 2014, Hughes is worth $2.2 billion.
 Known all his life by his middle name, B. Wayne Hughes was the company's President and Co-Chief Executive Officer from 1980 until November 1991 when he became Chairman of the Board and sole Chief Executive Officer.
 He retired as Chief Executive Officer in November 2002 and remains Chairman of the Board.
 He was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from 1990 until March 1998 of Public Storage Properties XI, Inc., which was renamed PS Business Parks, Inc. ("PSB"), an affiliated REIT.
 From 1989-90 until the respective dates of merger, he was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of 18 affiliated REITs that were merged into the Company between September 1994 and May 1998 (collectively, the "Merged Public Storage REITs").
 has been active in the real estate investment field for over 30 years.
Samir Hulileh (also Hleileh, Huleileh, Arabic سمير حليلة), born in Kuwait in 1957, is considered one of Palestine's leading business people and is the Chief Executive Officer of Palestine Development and Investment Ltd. (PADICO).
 He represents PADICO HOLDING on several boards of subsidiary companies, including Palestine Telecommunications Group (PALTEL), Palestine Securities Exchange (PSE), Palestine Real Estate Investment Company (PRICO), and Palestine Mortgage and Housing Corporation (PMHC).
 He is also Chairman of Jericho Gate Real Estate Investment.
 After receiving an MA in Economics from the American University of Beirut in 1983, Hulileh went on to join the board of the Palestine Banking Corporation, in 1988, after which he became the Managing Director of the Ramallah branch of The Portland Trust.
 He was also Cabinet Secretary to the Palestinian Authority in 2006.
 He was former Assistant Under Secretary for the Ministry of the Economy and Trade between 1994 and 1997.
 He is also Chairman of the Board of Palestine International Business Forum and Chairman of Portland Trust, Ramallah.
 He serves as an advisory board member of the one Voice movement.
 He also is on the board of the Palestinian-British Business Council, Palestinian-Russian Business Council, and Palestine Economic Policy Research Institute (MAS).
 He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of the Friends Schools in Ramallah and The International Chamber of Commerce and is the Chairman of Birzeit University Alumni Association.
 He has also been the Chairman of the Board of the Palestine Trade Organisation (PalTRADE) and has represented Palestinian businesses and Palestinian economic development across the world.
 He graduated with an MSc Economics from the American University of Beirut (1983).
 He has worked at Birzeit University.
 He was one of the Board of Directors for the Palestinian Banking Corporation and also serves on the Board of the Applied Research Institute (ARIJ) in Bethlehem and the Arab Thought Forum in Jerusalem.
David Richard Sheepshanks CBE DL is the founding and current Chairman of the St George's Park National Football Centre and former Chairman of Ipswich Town FC.
 He is also chairman of UK Community Foundations (UKCF), the umbrella organisation for all community foundations in the UK, providing philanthropic advice to clients and delivering UK-wide grant-making programmes.
 Other business interests include non Executive roles with Coutts Bank, 21st Club and Onside Law.
 Past business interests included Starfish Ltd 1980-1990 and Suffolk Foods Ltd which he founded in 1990 with his brother Rick and where he was Chairman and a majority shareholder before selling in 2004.
 He also served externally on various local radio station Boards including Chairman of VIBE FM in 1990 and Director of Radio Orwell and BBC Radio Suffolk Advisory Board.
