The Boss is a 2016 American comedy film directed by Ben Falcone and written by Falcone, Melissa McCarthy and Steve Mallory.
 The film stars McCarthy, Kristen Bell, Ella Anderson, Tyler Labine, Kathy Bates, Annie Mumolo, Timothy Simons and Peter Dinklage.
 The film was released on April 8, 2016, by Universal Pictures.
Spy is a 2015 American action comedy spy film written and directed by Paul Feig.
 Starring Melissa McCarthy, Jason Statham, Rose Byrne, Miranda Hart, Bobby Cannavale, Allison Janney, and Jude Law, the film follows the transformation of desk-bound CIA analyst Susan Cooper (McCarthy) into a field agent who attempts to foil the black market sale of a suitcase nuke.
Ghostbusters (also known as Ghostbusters: Answer the Call and marketed as such on home release) is a 2016 supernatural comedy film directed by Paul Feig and written by Feig and Katie Dippold.
 The film stars Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones, Neil Casey, Andy García, Cecily Strong, and Chris Hemsworth.
 It is the third feature film in the "Ghostbusters" franchise, and serves as a reboot of the series.
 The story focuses on four women who begin a ghost-catching business in New York City.
 It also marks the fourth collaboration between Feig and McCarthy.
Paul Samuel Feig ( ; born September 17, 1962) is an American actor, film director, producer, and screenwriter.
 He is best known for directing the 2011 film "Bridesmaids", featuring Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy and the 2016 film "Ghostbusters" also starring Wiig and McCarthy.
 Feig also directed the comedy films "The Heat" (2013) starring McCarthy and Sandra Bullock, and "Spy" (2015) which stars McCarthy, Jason Statham, and Jude Law.
Life of the Party is an upcoming comedy film directed by Ben Falcone and written by Falcone and Melissa McCarthy.
 The film stars McCarthy, Molly Gordon, Maya Rudolph, Julie Bowen, Gillian Jacobs, Debby Ryan, Matt Walsh and Jacki Weaver.
 Produced by On the Day, the film is scheduled to be released May 11, 2018 by Warner Bros.
 Pictures.
Tammy is a 2014 American comedy film directed and co-written by Ben Falcone and produced, co-written by, and starring Melissa McCarthy as the title character.
 The film also stars Susan Sarandon, Allison Janney, Gary Cole, Mark Duplass, Dan Aykroyd, and Kathy Bates and was released on July 2, 2014.
Can You Ever Forgive Me?
 is an upcoming biographical comedy-drama film directed by Marielle Heller, written by Nicole Holofcener and Jeff Whitty, based on Lee Israel's memoir of the same name and starring Melissa McCarthy.
The Happytime Murders is an upcoming American puppetry crime-comedy film directed by Brian Henson and written by Todd Berger with revisions by Erich & Jon Hoeber with further uncredited touch up work by Melissa McCarthy.
 The film stars McCarthy, Bill Barretta, Maya Rudolph, and Elizabeth Banks.
 It is scheduled to be released on August 17, 2018 by STXfilms.
Identity Thief is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Seth Gordon, written by Craig Mazin, and starring Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy.
 The film tells a story about a man (Bateman) whose identity is stolen by a woman (McCarthy).
Benjamin Scott Falcone (born August 25, 1973) is an American actor, comedian and filmmaker.
 He is married to actress Melissa McCarthy, with whom he has two children.
 He appeared in small roles of McCarthy's films "Bridesmaids", "Identity Thief", and "The Heat", and co-starred in "What to Expect When You're Expecting" and "Enough Said".
