A gender role is a set of societal norms dictating the types of behaviors which are generally considered acceptable, appropriate, or desirable for people based on their actual or perceived sex or sexuality.
 Gender roles are usually centered on conceptions of femininity and masculinity, although there are exceptions and variations.
 The specifics regarding these gendered expectations may vary substantially among cultures, while other characteristics may be common throughout a range of cultures.
 There is ongoing debate as to what extent gender roles and their variations are biologically determined, and to what extent they are socially constructed.
Beech ("Fagus") is a genus of deciduous trees in the family Fagaceae, native to temperate Europe, Asia and North America.
 Recent classification systems of the genus recognize ten to thirteen species in two distinct subgenera, "Engleriana" and "Fagus".
 The "Engleriana" subgenus is found only in East Asia, and is notably distinct from the "Fagus" subgenus in that these beeches are low-branching trees, often made up of several major trunks with yellowish bark.
 Further differentiating characteristics include the whitish bloom on the underside of the leaves, the visible tertiary leaf veins, and a long, smooth cupule-peduncle. "
Fagus japonica", "Fagus engleriana", and the species "F. okamotoi", proposed by the botanist Chung-Fu Shen in 1992, comprise this subgenus.
 The better known "Fagus" subgenus beeches are high-branching with tall, stout trunks and smooth silver-grey bark.
 This group includes "Fagus sylvatica", "Fagus grandifolia", "Fagus crenata", "Fagus lucida", "Fagus longipetiolata", and "Fagus hayatae".
 The classification of the European beech, "Fagus sylvatica" is complex, with a variety of different names proposed for different species and subspecies within this region (for example "Fagus taurica", "Fagus orientalis", and "Fagus moesica").
 Research suggests that beeches in Eurasia differentiated fairly late in evolutionary history, during the Miocene.
 The populations in this area represent a range of often overlapping morphotypes, though genetic analysis does not clearly support separate species.
Gendered racism is a form of oppression that occurs due to race and gender.
 It is perpetuated due to the prevalence of perceptions, stereotypes, and images of certain groups.
 Racism is defined as the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics or abilities specific to that race.
 Racism functions as a way to distinguish races as inferior or superior to one another.
 Sexism is defined as prejudice, stereotyping, or discrimination on the basis of sex.
 Gendered racism differs in that it pertains specifically to racial and ethnic understandings of masculinity and femininity, as well as along gendered forms of race and ethnic discrimination.
Chanel J12 is a watch range made by Chanel that was launched in 1999.
 It contains Chanel's first unisex watch and has a style that has become widely recognised with its clean lines and fusion of masculinity and femininity.
A soft butch, or stem (stud-fem), is a woman who exhibits some stereotypical butch and lesbian traits without fitting the masculine stereotype associated with butch lesbians.
 Soft butch is on the spectrum of butch, as are stone butch and masculine, whereas on the contrary, ultra fem, high femme, and lipstick lesbian are some labels on the spectrum of lesbians with a more prominent expression of femininity, also known as femmes.
 Soft butches have gender identities of women, but primarily display masculine characteristics; soft butches predominantly express masculinity with a touch of femininity.
 The "hardness", or label depicting one's level of masculine expression as a butch is dependent upon the fluidity of her gender expression.
 Soft butches might want to express themselves through their clothing and hairstyle in a more masculine way, but their behavior in a more traditionally feminine way.
 For example, these traits of a soft butch may or may not include short hair, clothing that was designed for men, and masculine mannerisms and behaviors.
 Soft butches generally appear androgynous, rather than adhering to strictly feminine or masculine norms and gender identities.
 Soft butches generally physically, sexually, and romantically express themselves in more masculine than feminine ways in the majority of those categories.
In feminist theory and gender studies, gender essentialism is the attribution of a fixed essence to women.
 Women's essence is assumed to be universal and is generally identified with those characteristics viewed as being specifically feminine.
 These ideas of femininity are usually biologized are often preoccupied with psychological characteristics, such as nurturance, empathy, support, non-competitiveness, etc.
 Feminist theorist Elizabeth Grosz states in her 1995 publication, "Space, time and perversion: essays on the politics of bodies", that essentialism "entails the belief that those characteristics defined as women's essence are shared in common by all women at all times.
 It implies a limit of the variations and possibilities of change—it is not possible for a subject to act in a manner contrary to her essence.
 Her essence underlies all the apparent variations differentiating women from each other.
 Essentialism thus refers to the existence of fixed characteristic, given attributes, and ahistorical functions that limit the possibilities of change and thus of social reorganization."
Chlorophyllum is a genus of large agarics similar in appearance to the true parasol mushroom.
 "Chlorophyllum" was originally coined in 1898, a time when spore color was the deciding factor for differentiating genera.
 It was termed in order to describe the poisonous green-spored "C. molybdites" which shared many characteristics of the mushrooms within the genus "Lepiota" but lacked the all important white spores.
 The name comes from Greek "Chloro" meaning green and "phyll" meaning leaves or gills.
 It remained as a genus of one lonely member until recently when modern DNA analyses concluded that many of the mushrooms contained in the genus "Macrolepiota" actually had more in common genetically with the "Chlorophyllum molybdites" than with the other members of the "Macrolepiota".
 The genus has a widespread distribution, with many species found in tropical regions.
 The best known members are the edible shaggy parasol, a name applied to three very similar species "Chlorophyllum rhacodes", "C. olivieri" and "C. brunneum", and the poisonous "C. molybdites", which is widespread in subtropical regions around the world.
Mary Busingye Karooro Okurut (born 8 December 1954), more commonly known as Mary Karooro Okurut, is a Ugandan educator, author and politician.
 She is the current Cabinet Minister in Charge of General Duties in the Office of the Prime Minister, in the Ugandan Cabinet.
 She was appointed to that position on 6 June 2016.
 Prior to that, from 1 March 2015 until 6 June 2016, she served as Cabinet Minister for National Security.
 She was appointed to that position on 1 March 2015, replacing Wilson Muruli Mukasa, who was appointed Minister of Gender and Social Issues.
 Between 2012 and 2015, she served as the Minister of Gender and Social Issues in the Cabinet of Uganda.
 She was appointed to that position in 2012.
 She replaced Syda Bumba, who resigned from Cabinet.
 Mary Karoro Okurut also serves as the elected Member of Parliament for Bushenyi District Women's Constituency.
Gender is the range of characteristics pertaining to, and differentiating between, masculinity and femininity.
 Depending on the context, these characteristics may include biological sex (i.e. the state of being male, female or an intersex variation which may complicate sex assignment), sex-based social structures (including gender roles and other social roles), or gender identity.
 Some cultures have specific gender roles that can be considered distinct from male and female, such as the hijra (chhaka) of India and Pakistan.
Gender & History is an international academic journal.
 It is an important academic journal for articles relating to the history of femininity, masculinity, and gender relations.
 The current editors are Sarah Chambers, Maud Bracke, Tracey Deutsch, Rosemary Elliot, Mary Jo Maynes, and Stuart Airlie.
 It was edited by Karen Adler and Ross Balzaretti between 2004 and 2010.
