Maiolati Spontini is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region Marche, located about 35 km southwest of Ancona.
 It is the birthplace of musician Gaspare Spontini, whose name has been conjoined with the commune's ancient name, Maiolati.
The Alte Mozart-Ausgabe is the name by which the first complete edition of the music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, is known nowadays, published by Breitkopf & Härtel from January 1877 to December 1883, with supplements published until 1910.
 The name "Alte Mozart-Ausgabe" (abbreviated "AMA") is actually a modern invention to distinguish the edition from the second Mozart complete works edition, the "Neue Mozart-Ausgabe"; the publication title of Breitkopf & Härtel's edition was "Wolfgang Amadeus Mozarts Werke.
 Kritisch durchgesehene Gesammtausgabe."
 (It is therefore sometimes referred to as the ""Mozart Gesammtausgabe"".)
Milton is an opéra comique in one act by Gaspare Spontini.
 The French libretto, by Victor-Joseph Étienne de Jouy and Armand-Michel Dieulafoy, is based on the life of the English poet John Milton.
 "Milton" was first performed on 27 November 1804 by the Opéra-Comique at the Salle Feydeau in Paris .
 It was Spontini's first major success in France.
 The composer planned a reworked version for performances in Germany, under the title "Das verlorene Paradies" ("Paradise Lost"), but in the event it was never staged.
The Neue Mozart-Ausgabe (abbreviated as "NMA"; in English, "New Mozart Edition") is the second complete works edition of the music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
 A longer and more formal title for the edition is "Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
 Neue Ausgabe sämtlicher Werke."
Agnes von Hohenstaufen is an opera in three acts by the Italian composer Gaspare Spontini.
 The German libretto is by Ernst Benjamin Salomo Raupach.
 It was first staged at the Königliches Opernhaus, Berlin, on 12 June 1829.
 Raupach categorised "Agnes von Hohenstaufen" as a "historical-romantic" opera and it is one of a number of German works of the time set in the Middle Ages (others include Weber's "Euryanthe", Wagner's "Tannhäuser" and "Lohengrin" and Schumann's "Genoveva").
 "Agnes" also contains many of the features that would be characteristic of French Grand Opera.
 Spontini substantially reworked the piece for a revival in 1837.
Amadeus is a 1984 American period drama film directed by Miloš Forman, adapted by Peter Shaffer from his stage play "Amadeus".
 The story, set in Vienna, Austria, during the latter half of the 18th century, is a fictionalized biography of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
 Mozart's music is heard extensively in the soundtrack of the movie.
 The film follows Italian composer Antonio Salieri at the court of Emperor Joseph II, and his jealous vendetta against his younger rival, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
"This is a mostly complete list of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, according to the sixth edition of the Köchel catalogue.
 For a selective list of his works, grouped by genre, see List of compositions by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart".
Josef Mysliveček (9 March 1737 – 4 February 1781) was a Czech composer who contributed to the formation of late eighteenth-century classicism in music.
 Mysliveček provided his younger friend Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart with significant compositional models in the genres of symphony, Italian serious opera, and violin concerto; both Wolfgang and his father Leopold Mozart considered him an intimate friend from the time of their first meetings in Bologna in 1770 until he betrayed their trust over the promise of an operatic commission for Wolfgang to be arranged with the management of the Teatro San Carlo in Naples.
 He was close to the Mozart family, and there are frequent references to him in the Mozart correspondence.
Franz Xaver Wolfgang Mozart (26 July 1791 – 29 July 1844), also known as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Jr., was the youngest child of six born to Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and his wife Constanze.
 He was the younger of his parents' two surviving children.
 He was a composer, pianist, conductor, and teacher from the late classical period whose musical style was of an early Romanticism, heavily influenced by his father's mature style.
La vestale ("The Vestal Virgin") is an opera composed by Gaspare Spontini to a French libretto by Étienne de Jouy.
 It takes the form of a "tragédie lyrique" in three acts.
 It was first performed on 15 December 1807 by the Académie Impériale de Musique (Paris Opera) at the Salle Montansier, and is regarded as Spontini's masterpiece.
 The musical style shows the influence of Gluck and looks forwards to the works of Berlioz, Wagner and French Grand Opera.
