Ozii Obiyo (born January 23, 1985) is a Nigerian-American entrepreneur from Arlington, Texas.
 Originally as a promise to his brother Chuki Obiyo when they were both students at the University of Texas at Austin, he started the first online African Radio show in Austin, Texas on KVRX called African Extravaganza.
 Started in 2005, the show showcased a variety of African artists representing different genres and cultures, from Fela Kuti and his Afrobeat to Angelique Kidjo and her Afropop.
 The fusion of cultures on his show was an experience that Ozii coined as "Afro-fantastic".
 The radio show led to AfroFantasticTV, a TV show that interviewed students and small business owners on the streets of Austin about African culture through humor.
 The TV show, broadcast on K09VR, featured Texas business owners discussing how different cultural aspects of Sub-Saharan Africa connected to the Keep Austin Weird business campaign; in one episode, the show featured Mark Cuban, owner of the Dallas Mavericks.
 As of March 2010, Ozii, through Mediasify, LLC is producing web TV shows, videos, and press releases for business owners.
"Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow" is the fifth episode of the fifth season of the animated television series "South Park", and the 70th episode of the series overall.
 "Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow" originally aired on July 18, 2001 on Comedy Central.
 In the episode, the four boys learn that their idols, Terrance and Phillip, have split over credit issues.
 They try to get them back together in time for an upcoming festival, or else face death in the hands of a trio of unhinged, environment-obsessed activists.
 The show "Behind the Blow" is a parody of the VH1 TV Show "Behind the Music".
 The show also parodies Earth Day, portraying it as a "brainwashing festival."
Lori Verderame (best known as Dr. Lori) is a TV personality, author, and antiques appraiser with a Ph.D. in art history and resides in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
 Verderame is the main appraiser on the American TV show "Auction Kings" which airs internationally on Discovery channel.
 Verderame also served as the antiquities expert on the History channel's show, The Curse of Oak Island in season 4.
 She also appears as the Ph.D.
 Antiques Appraiser on FOX Business Network's TV show, Strange Inheritance in Season 2.
 She appears as the expert Ph.D.
 Antiques Appraiser on Discovery's Auction Kings in seasons 3 and season 4.
Comedy Gold is a comedy reality TV show, created and produced by Darren Chau.
 The format documented the nationwide search for Australia's next hit TV comedy show.
 The program was filmed at the 2007 SPAA conference on the Gold Coast and premiered on Foxtel’s the Comedy Channel on Australia Day 2008.
 The contestants submitted ideas for a thirteen-part half-hour comedy series to a panel of judges, and the show offered up $25,000 to the winning TV show towards its development.
The 1997 season of the astronomy TV show starring Jack Horkheimer started on January 6, 1997.
 Towards the end of this season, the show title changed from "Jack Horkheimer: Star Hustler" to "Jack Horkheimer: Star Gazer".
 The change occurred for the November 10, 1997 episode because people complained that Internet searches for the show were turning up the adult magazine "Hustler" instead of the TV show itself.
Mia Michaels (born February 23, 1966) is an American choreographer best known as a judge and for her contemporary choreography on the TV show "So You Think You Can Dance" (SYTYCD).
 She has worked with musical artists such as Celine Dion, Madonna, Tom Cruise, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Ricky Martin, Gloria Estefan, and Prince.
 In 2005 she choreographed Cirque du Soleil's world tour, "Delirium" as well as Celine Dion's Las Vegas show "A New Day..." for which she was later nominated for Emmy.
 In 2007 she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography for her "Calling You" routine on season 2 of "So You Think You Can Dance"; she won again in 2010 for her work on season 5.
 She was a main judge of So You Think You Can Dance together with Adam Shankman and Nigel Lythgoe for season 7.
 She choreographed the dance sequence of "Get Happy" in Season 7 Episode 15 of the "House" episode "Bombshells".
"Co-Dependents' Day" is the fifteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fifteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 21, 2004.
The Churchills are an indie pop/rock foursome from the New York/New Jersey area.
 They are probably most commonly known for their appearance on the television show Spin City, during season 3 in the episode titled "Internal Affairs".
 They performed their song "Everybody Gets What They Deserve" at the end of the show in front of the Flatiron Building in Manhattan.
 This same song is also featured in the TV show Scrubs, in the episode titled My Lips Are Sealed.
 Meadow Soprano wears a band T-shirt in Episode 3 of Season 2 of The Sopranos, and again in Episode 3 of Season 3.
Fame Story was a Greek reality TV show that was a licensed version of Endemol's Star Academy on the ANT1 network.
 It has been one of the most successful Greek TV shows of recent years.
 The contestants gave a weekly performance in a 2½–3 hour episode in which the contestants were judged and where one contestant was voted off after a week-long televote.
 On the other 6 days of the week, the best footage of the day was compiled in a late night episode from inside the academy's studios and from the adjacent house where the contestants lived for their entire stay on the show inclusively.
 The show's seasons ran for 3½ months, except for season three which ran for 6½ months.
 It is credited for having helped foster the careers of some of the show's contestants, which have gone on to produce chart topping hits in the Greek market.
Oleg Ryaskov is a director, screenwriter and producer.
 He was born in Moscow into a family of engineers.
 Oleg Ryaskov studied at Moscow architecture University.
 During his studies, he began to work in cinema and TV.
 His career began with Vladislav Listyev in the TV show TEMA.
 In 1992 he made TV Show "Nostalgie".
 He worked as a chief Director of the TV channel Stolica, then chief Director at the morning channel TV6, conducted a survey as directed more than 20 ballet performances in the theater of Stanislavsky and Nemirovich Danchenko.
 Supervised cycle of documentary films Mysteries of the Century channel 1 (Russia).
 From 2002 Oleg Ryaskov specializes in historical movies.
 His The most famous of his movies is The Sovereign's Servant, shown in more than 20 countries and has participated in international festivals in presenting his films in Italy,Sweden, Holland, Russia.
 Now he started new historical movie "The king of Madagascar".
