Anatomy of Greed is a book by Brian Cruver detailing the Enron scandal from the author's perspective as an employee who worked for the energy giant.
  In 2002 the book became the first major non-fiction work written about Enron, released by Avalon Publishing in the United States and by Random House in Europe.
 In 2003, CBS aired a television movie based on Cruver's book entitled "" starring Brian Dennehy, Christian Kane and Mike Farrell, directed by Penelope Spheeris, which was a ratings hit for the network.
Kenneth Lee "Ken" Lay (April 15, 1942 – July 5, 2006) was an American businessman.
 He was the CEO and chairman of Enron Corporation for most of its existence and is a central figure in the Enron scandal.
 Lay was indicted by a grand jury and was found guilty of 10 counts of securities fraud.
 Lay died while vacationing, three months before his October 23 sentencing.
 A preliminary autopsy reported Lay had died of a heart attack caused by coronary artery disease and his conviction was vacated.
Nancy Anne Temple was an in-house attorney for Arthur Andersen who advised Michael Odom and David B. Duncan about Arthur Andersen policies regarding retention of documents from client engagements.
 Duncan oversaw the shredding of Arthur Andersen documents concerning their work for client Enron, between October 22 and November 9, 2001 (See the Timeline of the Enron scandal).
 A memo from Nancy Temple played a key role in the conviction of Arthur Andersen on charges of obstruction of justice.
 That conviction was later overturned.
LJM, which stands for Lea, Jeffrey, Matthew, the names of Andrew Fastow's wife and children, was a company created in 1999 by Enron's CFO, Andrew Fastow, to buy Enron's poorly performing stocks and stakes and bolster Enron's financial statements.
Lea Weingarten Fastow is a former Enron assistant treasurer who pleaded guilty to tax evasion and filing fraudulent Income Tax returns.
 The wife of former Enron executive and convicted felon Andrew Fastow, she was the second former Enron executive to go to prison after Enron collapsed due to fraud in December 2001.
Enron (stylised as ENRON) is a 2009 play by the British playwright Lucy Prebble, based on the Enron scandal.
Andrew Stuart Fastow (born December 22, 1961) is a convicted criminal and businessman who was the chief financial officer of Enron Corporation, an energy trading company based in Houston, Texas, until he was fired shortly before the company declared bankruptcy.
 Fastow was one of the key figures behind the complex web of off-balance-sheet special purpose entities (limited partnerships which Enron controlled) used to conceal Enron's massive losses in their quarterly balance sheets.
 By unlawfully maintaining personal stakes in these ostensibly independent ghost-entities, he was able to defraud Enron out of tens of millions of dollars.
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission subsequently opened an investigation into his and the company's conduct in 2001.
 Fastow served a six-year prison sentence for charges related to these acts.
 His wife, Lea Weingarten, also worked at Enron, where she was an assistant treasurer; she pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire fraud, money laundering conspiracy and filing fraudulent income tax returns, and served jail time before early release to a halfway house.
The Enron scandal, publicized in October 2001, eventually led to the bankruptcy of the Enron Corporation, an American energy company based in Houston, Texas, and the "de facto" dissolution of Arthur Andersen, which was one of the five largest audit and accountancy partnerships in the world.
 In addition to being the largest bankruptcy reorganization in American history at that time, Enron was cited as the biggest audit failure.
Vincent Julian Kaminski was born in Poland and worked as the Managing Director for Research at the failed energy trading corporation Enron until 2002.
 In this capacity he led a team of approximately fifty analysts who developed quantitative models to support energy trading.
 In the months preceding Enron’s bankruptcy Kaminski repeatedly raised strong objections to the financial practices of Enron’s Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Fastow, designed to fraudulently conceal the company’s burgeoning debt.
Teesside Power Station is a former gas-fired power station, in Redcar & Cleveland, England.
 Situated near the Wilton chemical complex, the station had combined cycle gas turbines (CCGTs) and open cycle gas turbines (OCGTs), however in 2011 the operation of the CCGT part of the station was suspended, and in 2013 the owners announced its closure and plans to demolish it.
 Prior to the suspension, the station had a generating capacity of 1875 megawatts (MW), making it the largest of any CCGT power station in Europe.
 The station could meet almost 3% of the electricity demand for England, Wales and Scotland.
 Opened in 1993, the station was initially operated by Enron, but after the Enron scandal of 2001, when the station moved into the hands of PX Ltd, before being bought by Gaz de France and Suez in 2008.
 The station also worked as a cogeneration plant, providing steam for the Wilton complex.
