Javier Pereira Collado (born 5 November 1981) is a Spanish actor.
 He won Goya Award for Best New Actor for his performance in "Stockholm" (2013) at the 28th Goya Awards.
Javier Gullón is a Spanish screenwriter.
 He garnered a Canadian Screen Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 2nd Canadian Screen Awards for "Enemy", and a Goya Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 27th Goya Awards for "Invader (Invasor)".
Chico and Rita is a 2010 American-Spanish adult animated music romantic film with Spanish and English languages directed by Tono Errando, Fernando Trueba and Javier Mariscal.
 The story of Chico and Rita is set against backdrops of Havana, New York City, Las Vegas, Los Angeles and Paris in the late 1940s and early 1950s.
 Chico is a young piano player with big dreams.
 Rita is a beautiful singer with an extraordinary voice.
 Music and romantic desire unite them, but their journey—in the tradition of the Latin ballad, the bolero—brings heartache and torment.
 The film was produced by Fernando Trueba Producciones, Estudio Mariscal, and Magic Light Pictures.
 It received financing from CinemaNX and Isle of Man Film.
 It won the Goya Award for Best Animated Film at the 25th Goya Awards and was nominated for the Oscar for Best Animated Feature at the 84th Academy Awards (the first nomination for a Spanish full-length animated film).
The Goya Award for Best Iberoamerican Film (Spanish: "Goya a la Mejor Película Iberoamericana" ) is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.
The Goya Award for Best Adapted Screenplay (Spanish "Premio Goya al mejor guión adaptado") is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.
Mortadelo and Filemon: Mission Implausible (Spanish: "Mortadelo y Filemón contra Jimmy el Cachondo" , "Mortadelo and Filemon versus Jimmy the Joker") is a 2014 Spanish animated comedy film based on the characters from the "Mort & Phil" comic book series.
 It achieved six nominations for the 29th Goya Awards, winning in the Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Animated Film categories, and two for the second edition of Premios Feroz.
The Goya Award for Best European Film (Spanish: "Premio Goya a la mejor película europea") is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.
El Bola (English: "Pellet") is a 2000 Spanish drama film, directed by Achero Mañas.
 It won the Goya Award for Best Film at the 15th Goya Awards.
 It is available in the United States from Filmmovement.
The Goya Award for Best Original Screenplay (Spanish "Premio Goya al mejor guión original") is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards
The Goya Award for Best Fictional Short Film (Spanish: "Premio Goya a la mejor cortometraje de ficción" ) is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards.
