The Chinese Taipei national under-23 football team (or Chinese Taipei national Olympic football team) is the national football team that represents Republic of China (Taiwan) in the Olympic Games.
 (See Chinese Taipei for the team name issue.)
 It also participates in Taiwan's top-level Enterprise Football League.
Chinese Taipei competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, from 27 July to 12 August 2012.
 "Chinese Taipei" was the designated name used by Taiwan to participate in some international organizations and almost all sporting events, including the Olympic Games.
 Neither the common name "Taiwan" nor the official name "Republic of China" would be used due primarily to opposition from the People's Republic of China.
 This was the nation's eighth consecutive appearance at the Olympics.
Chinese Taipei () competed in the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, Qatar in November and December 2006.
 The Chinese Taipei team sent 399 athletes to the games, making Chinese Taipei the fourth largest delegation after China, Japan, and South Korea.
 Despite Taiwan's small size, Chinese Taipei is a second-rank Asian sports power, finishing tenth in gold medals and seventh in overall medals at the 2006 Asian Games, a slight drop from its performance in the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, South Korea.
Kuo Lee Chien-Fu (; born March 24, 1969 in Taoyuan County, Taiwan (now Taoyuan City)) is a retired Taiwanese professional baseball pitcher and currently a baseball coach.
 He is best known for being the ace pitcher in the Chinese Taipei national baseball team in the 1992 Olympics where he was twice the winning pitcher in the two Chinese Taipei versus Japan matches, one in the preliminary round and the other in the semifinal.
 The two victories helped the Chinese Taipei team win the silver medal that year.
 He was also a member of the Chinese Taipei national baseball team in the 1988 Olympics when baseball was a demonstration sport, but did not play in any of the tournament's matches due to his juniority at that time.
The Republic of China (ROC) had always competed in the Olympic Games under that name except for the first time under the name of Chinese Taipei at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.
 The change in name was a result of the Nagoya Resolution, adopted by the International Olympic Committee in 1979 after the objections raised in the 1970s by the People's Republic of China (PRC) over the political status of Taiwan.
 The IOC restrictions over the ROC name led to the ROC boycott of the Summer Games of 1976 and 1980; the PRC had always boycotted the Olympic Games.
 The 1984 Summer Games Chinese Taipei team included 31 men and 7 women, taking part in 40 events in 12 sports.
 In weightlifting, athletes from the Chinese Taipei and People's Republic of China won medals.
Chinese Taipei () did not send a team again to the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
 Since 1984, athletes from Taiwan have competed at the Olympics as "Chinese Taipei", not as Taiwan nor as the Republic of China (ROC), due to opposition from the People's Republic of China.
 Chinese Taipei's only Winter Olympic athlete, Ma Chih-hung, competed in men's luge.
 He successfully completed all four runs, placing 34th overall.
Chinese Taipei men's national softball team is the national team for Chinese Taipei.
 The 1988 World Championships were held in Saskatoon, Canada.
 The team played 13 games in the round robin round.
 Australia beat Chinese Taipei 2-0 in one game in this round.
 The 1992 World Championships, the eighth time the event was competed for, was held in Manila.
 Australia beat Chinese Taipei 9-2 in one game in the first round robin round.
 They finished with 4 wins and 4 losses.
 The team competed at the 1996 ISF Men's World Championship in Midland, Michigan where they finished with 4 wins and 6 losses.
 The team competed at the 2000 ISF Men's World Championship in East London, South Africa where they finished fifteenth.
Wong I-sheau (汪亦岫, Pinyin: Wāng Yìxiù; born February 12, 1989 in Taipei, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese equestrian who competes in show jumping.
 She represented Chinese Taipei at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Jeniero, Brazil where she competed in the Equestrian Jumping Individual event.
 She finished in 68th place.
 Wong was the flagbearer for the Chinese Taipei Olympic Team in the 2016 Summer Olympics Parade of Nations.
 She is the first athlete to compete in the Equestrian events in the history of the country.
Chinese Taipei competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy.
 The International Olympic Committee mandates that the Chinese Taipei Olympic Committee flag is used, and not the flag of Taiwan.
 In total, Chinese Taipei was represented by only one athlete.
The Republic of China (Taiwan) competed Chinese Taipei at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where it sent 80 competitors in a record 15 sports.
 Since 1984, athletes from Taiwan have competed at the Olympics as "Chinese Taipei", not as the "Republic of China (ROC)", due to opposition from the People's Republic of China.
