Evans Russ Mensah (born 25 July 1988) is a former Ghanaian football player.
 He played for New Radiant SC, a Dhivehi League team in Maldives.
 He played his academy football in Ghana and South Africa.
 He was the top scorer for his academy teams; he played both in Ghana and South Africa.
 From academy he went straight to Ghana premier league, scoring twice on his debut for Okwahu United.
 He caught the eyes of many teams, which took him to Malaysia to Perlis F.C for his first international trials.
 He came to Ghana to continue his career and later landed a big contract in Thailand Premiere League.
 His speed, pace and skills made him break into the first team.
 He was awarded players player of his team on his first season in the Thai Premieer League
Hashtag United F.C. is an English YouTube-based football club that was founded in 2016.
 They gained notability due to recording their matches, making videos around them and posting them to their player/manager, Spencer Owen's YouTube channel, known as Spencer FC, which has just under 2 million subscribers.
 They have played many teams including several Premier League staff teams such as Manchester City, West Ham United and Crystal Palace FC as well as the staff teams of Major League Soccer clubs, Atlanta United and New York City F.C..
 They have also played and beaten the youth teams of some semi-professional clubs, Biggleswade United F.C. and Newhaven F.C. As of September 2017, their Twitter and Instagram accounts have over 100,000 followers each.
 The club also controls a YouTube channel where they upload 5-a-side matches that the club participates in and vlogs.
Mark Snell is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League.
 He coached in the FC Dallas youth system for eight years, and is widely considered one of the top youth development coaches in the country for Zone 1 (6-12 yr olds).
 At FC Dallas he developed the curriculum that included teaching age appropriate tactics through small sided games.
 His philosophy was that the "best train with the best" and created the Premier team format grouping all the top players in each age group onto a team.
 Initially, players of all levels were scattered across many teams within each age group.
 Snell felt the best development model was having teams made up of "like" talent.
 That way training would be competitive for all teams regardless of talent level.
 He also authored and managed the street soccer based "FCD LIGA" which was a 3v3/4v4 in house league on Sundays.
 He grew the wildly successful program from 5 teams to over 30 teams to preach the small sided games format as the best player development tool.
 He also organized and managed the FC Dallas Development League which hosted the top U9 teams in the Dallas Metroplex.
Kadeem Jack (born October 27, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA G League.
 He played college basketball for Rutgers.
The Northern League was founded in 1929 when it was known as the English Dirt Track League, the earliest league (along with the Southern League) in speedway racing in the United Kingdom, comprising teams from Northern Britain.
 The addition of two Scottish teams prompted a name change in 1930.
 The league existed between 1929 and 1931, after which, with many teams folding, it was amalgamated with the Southern League to form the National League.
 In the 1929 season, White City (Manchester) won all 18 matches but resigned from the league after a dispute, leaving Leeds Lions as champions.
 The season was beset with problems with Warrington being expelled, Bolton completing only one match before their fixtures were taken over by Hanley, and Long Eaton entering the league but not completing a match.
 Belle Vue won the league in both 1930 and 1931.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has been home to many teams and events in professional, semi-professional, amateur, college, and high-school sports.
 Philadelphia is one of twelve cities that hosts teams in all four major sports leagues in North America, and Philadelphia is one of just three cities in which one team from every league plays within city limits.
 These major sports teams are the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball, the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League, the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association and the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League.
 Each team has played in Philadelphia since at least the 1960s, and each team has won at least one championship.
 Since 2010, Philadelphia has been the home of the Philadelphia Union of Major League Soccer which plays in suburban Chester, Pennsylvania, making the Philadelphia market one of nine cities that hosts a team in the four major sports leagues and the MLS.
 Philadelphia hosts several college sports teams, including the Philadelphia Big 5 schools and Temple's Division I FBS football team.
 Many of these teams have fan bases in both Philadelphia and the surrounding Delaware Valley.
 In addition to the major professional and college sports, numerous semi-pro, amateur, community, and high school teams play in Philadelphia.
 The city hosts numerous sporting events, such as the Penn Relays and the Collegiate Rugby Championship, and Philadelphia has been the most frequent host of the annual Army-Navy football game.
 Philadelphia has also been the home of several renowned athletes and sports figures.
 Philly furthermore has played a historically significant role in the development of cricket and extreme wrestling in the United States.
Muhammad Sabani (born on October 15, 1977) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSAP Sigli in the Indonesia Super League.
 Sabani is married to Melysa Fitri and has two children, Falah and Balqis.
 He started his career by joining the Mercu Buana football team in Medan.
 Before he became a player, Sabani was a tea delivery boy.
 He delivered tea bottles to the Mercu Buana dormitory and by chance met a local coach who offered to train him as a goal keeper.
 Before a year had passed, he was accepted as a player in PSMS Medan in 1998.
 Since that he has played in many teams, including Barito Putra, Petro Kimia, Persija Jakarta, Persmin Minahasa, Persijap Jepara, Persiraja Banda Aceh, Persik Kediri and PSAP Sigli.
Kategoria e Tretë is the fourth and lowest professional level of football in Albania.
 In the 2015-16 season, Kategoria e Tretë had 19 teams participating, which were divided into 2 groups.
 Before the start of 2016-17 season, many teams withdrew, which was mainly due to financial problems.
 The competition format changed and now has 10 teams playing in a single league structure.
 The winner and the runner-up are automatically promoted to the Albanian Second Division and the third and fourth placed teams qualify for the play-offs against the teams ranked 11th from the A & B groups of the Albanian Second Division.
 From the 2017-18 season, teams ranked in last spot will relegate to Albanian Amateur Division I
The NCAA Division I Men's Tournament is a basketball tournament that has been played annually since 1939.
 Teams were placed in the tournament based on their records and performance against other teams.
 The spots in which the teams were placed are referred to as "seeds."
 When the tournament first started, seeds were assigned 1-8, based on how many teams played in a conference.
 As the number of teams in the tournament grew, more seeds were added.
 Currently, seeds are assigned 1-16.
 This list is a compilation of the seeds held by teams each time they competed in the tournament.
Belarusian Second League is the third division of professional football in Belarus.
 A strict number of teams is not set for the competition and every season it depends on how many teams are able to obtain a license or have an intention to apply for one.
 As of 2017, the league consists of 14 teams.
 At the end of the season two best teams will be promoted to Belarusian First League.
 The competition is organized by the Belarusian Football Federation.
