Marskin ryyppy (lit.
 "The Marshal's drink/shot"; Swedish: "Marskens snaps" ) is a strong alcoholic drink of Finnish origin, served as a schnapps.
 The drink is named after Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim, the Marshal of Finland.
 According to all sources it is important that the glass where the drink is served is poured as full as possible (to the point where surface tension keeps some of the drink in the glass); the glass is then to be emptied without spilling.
 This practice is said to originate in the Chevalier Guard where Mannerheim once served; every man was entitled one shot of Vodka per day, and through this practice everyone was assured the equal maximum amount.
 Marskin ryyppy must also be served ice-cold.
Quintessentially Unreal is the debut album by American Neo-Cabaret artist Jill Tracy, released in 1996.
 It was nominated for California Music Awards in 1997 and 1998.
 Selections from the album were used on an NBC Hard Copy segment on Absinthe.
Tempore (abbreviated to temp.)
 in historical literature denotes a period during which a person whose exact lifespan is unknown was known to have been alive or active, or some other date which is not exactly known, usually given as the reign of a monarch.
 The word is Latin, being the ablative singular of the noun "tempus, temporis", "time", thus meaning "in the time (of)".
 It should be followed by a name in the genitive case.
 The theoretical full form might be "vixit tempore Regis Henrici Primi" ("he/she lived in the time of King Henry the First") (i.e. 1100-1135).
 The best known occurrence is in the Domesday Book of 1086, where the phrase "Tempore Regis Eduardi" (nominative case "Rex Eduardus"), meaning "in the time of King Edward (the Confessor)" appears in the entry for almost every manor, abbreviated as TRE.
 It thus signifies the date range 1042–1066.
 It is useful in historical literature because the names of many historical persons appear in surviving documents only in royal charters, possibly as witnesses, which can be dated to the reign of the originating monarch.
A caffeinated alcoholic drink, or caffeinated alcoholic beverage, is a drink that contains both alcohol (also known formally as ethanol) and caffeine.
 They often include the ingredients of energy drinks as well.
 In 2010 and 2011, this type of beverage faced criticism for posing health risks to their drinkers.
 In some places there is a ban on caffeinated alcoholic beverages.
The Cundill Prize in Historical Literature (or simply Cundill Prize) was founded in 2008 by Peter Cundill to recognize and promote literary and academic achievement in history.
 The prize is presented annually to an author who has published a non-fiction book in the prior year that is likely to have profound literary, social, and academic impact in the area of history.
 At a value of $75,000 U.S., the Grand Prize is claimed to be the richest non-fiction historical literature prize in the world.
 In addition, two "Recognition of Excellence" prizes of $10,000 U.S. each are awarded.
 The winners of the Prizes are selected by an independent jury of at least five internationally qualified individuals selected by McGill University.
 The Cundill Prize in History at McGill is administered by McGill University's Dean of Arts, with the help of the McGill Institute for the Study of Canada (MISC).
Absinthe ( or ; French: ] ) is historically described as a distilled, highly alcoholic (45–74% ABV / 90–148 U.S. proof) beverage.
 It is an anise-flavoured spirit derived from botanicals, including the flowers and leaves of "Artemisia absinthium" ("grand wormwood"), together with green anise, sweet fennel, and other medicinal and culinary herbs. Absinthe traditionally has a natural green colour but may also be colourless.
 It is commonly referred to in historical literature as ""la fée verte "" (the green fairy).
 Although it is sometimes mistakenly referred to as a liqueur, absinthe is not traditionally bottled with added sugar; it is therefore classified as a spirit.
 Absinthe is traditionally bottled at a high level of alcohol by volume, but it is normally diluted with water prior to being consumed.
Arak or araq (Arabic: عرق‎ ‎ ) is a Levantine alcoholic spirit (~40–63% Alc.
 Vol.
/~80–126 proof, commonly 50% Alc.
 Vol.
/100 proof) in the anis drinks family.
 It is a clear, colorless, unsweetened anise-flavored distilled alcoholic drink.
 The Persian (Iranian) version of Arak (commonly called Arak Saggi) does not contain anise, as it is usually produced from ‌raisins, dates or saccharum plant.
 Arak is the traditional alcoholic beverage in the Arab world, especially in the Levant/Mashriq and also in the Maghreb, as well in Iran and Turkey.
Zurracapote (sometimes abbreviated as zurra) is a popular Spanish alcoholic mixed drink, similar to sangría.
 It consists of red wine mixed with fruit such as peaches and lemons, sugar, and cinnamon.
 The concoction is then traditionally left to steep for several days, though some recipes call for the addition of other alcoholic beverages, juices, and fruit extracts.
 The result is a mild-to-medium alcoholic drink, similar to sangría.
This is a list of alcoholic drinks.
 An alcoholic drink is a drink that contains ethanol, commonly known as alcohol.
 Alcoholic drinks are divided into three general classes: beers, wines, and distilled beverages.
 They are legally consumed in most countries, and over one hundred countries have laws regulating their production, sale, and consumption.
 In particular, such laws specify the minimum age at which a person may legally buy or drink them.
 This minimum age varies between 16 and 25 years, depending upon the country and the type of drink.
 Most nations set it at 18 years of age.
Rakı is an unsweetened, occasionally (depending on area of production) anise-flavored, alcoholic drink that is popular in Albania, Turkey, Greece (where it is distinctly different and comes as an unflavoured distillate, unlike its Turkish counterpart), Iran, Turkic countries, and in the Balkan countries as an apéritif.
 It is often served with seafood or meze.
 It is similar to several other alcoholic beverages available around the Mediterranean and the Middle East, e.g. pastis, ouzo, sambuca, arak, Aragh Sagi and aguardiente.
 In Turkey and Greece, it is considered a national drink.
