The Apartment - Design Your Destiny is a reality television show where 9 teams compete in an interior designing show hosted by Jamie Durie, and judged by both him and Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen.
 Designed as a pressure stress test, teams will design and decorate a room each week.
 At the end of the challenge, the winner will walk away with a brand new double-storey home at Elmina, Malaysia.
 This reality television show is created by Riaz Mehta and produced by Imagine Group.
Rewrapped is a reality cooking television show hosted by Joey Fatone that premiered on April 21, 2014, on Food Network.
 Similar to short-form cooking reality shows, it features three chefs challenged to first recreate a classic snack food, then innovate a totally new dish using said snack food as the main ingredient.
 The show is a loose spinoff of the show "Unwrapped", whose host Marc Summers acts as "Head Judge" for each episode, alongside a representative of the company that produces the food of the day, and a third impartial judge involved in the food industry in some way (chef, critic, blogger, etc.).
On the Ball is a British ITV Saturday lunchtime television show about football, which ran as part of "World of Sport" in the 1970s and 1980s, and as a stand-alone show from 1998 to 2004.
 There was another ITV television show called "On the Ball" which was a game show hosted by Nick Weir in 1997, shown only in the Granada region.
Freedom Watch with Judge Napolitano is a television show hosted by Judge Andrew Napolitano, on Fox Business Network.
 The show aired from 2009 to 2012, focusing mainly on libertarian-conservative issues and perspectives.
The Sarah Millican Television Programme was a British comedic television show hosted by comedian Sarah Millican.
 The show's central theme was a comical review of television programming (particularly British television).
 Each episode featured as a topic a different genre of television; Millican would lampoon the topic genre in monologue segments that were inter-cut with jocular interviews of celebrities known for work within that genre.
 Three series of the show were broadcast between early 2012 and late 2013.
 An additional pilot episode was filmed on 25 May 2011, but never broadcast
Tómbola is a Spanish language entertainment news show hosted by Marisa del Portillo, Tanya Charry, Carolina Sandoval, actor/model Andrés García Jr., and actress/TV host Alexandra Rodriguez.
 From October 10, 2011 to December 29, 2011 , Telefutura aired "Tómbola" weeknights at 6pm/5pm central, succeeded both Escandalo TV & La Tijera.
 From December 30, 2011 to January 17, 2012, "Tombola" aired weekdays at 5pm/4pm central, and was canceled afterwards, due to low ratings.
The Magic of Oil Painting is an American half-hour instructional television show hosted by painter Bill Alexander which ran from 1974 until 1982 on PBS.
 In each episode, Alexander taught techniques for landscape oil painting, completing a painting in each session.
 The show is known for inspiring "The Joy of Painting" hosted by Bob Ross.
Sarah Palin's Alaska is an American reality television show hosted by former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin.
 According to Palin, the show's aim is to bring "the wonder and majesty of Alaska to all Americans".
 The series, which began airing on TLC in November 2010, broadcast 8 episodes and 1 clip show.
 The show was part travelogue and part documentary series, according to a story in "The Vancouver Sun", six months before the release of the series trailer.
 In reviewing the first episode, "The New York Times" said the show allows viewers to "observe Ms. Palin observing nature".
 The show was not renewed for a second season.
The House of Tiny Tearaways is a BBC Three reality TV show hosted by Dr Tanya Byron and Claudia Winkleman and produced by Outline Productions.
The show brings three families experiencing problems into a large, purpose-built house where they are monitored and helped for a week.
 The show is vaguely similar to programmes like "Big Brother", in that all the rooms have cameras in them and the families are frequently monitored in their activities with the audience shown highlights of a particular day.
Onika Tanya Maraj (born December 8, 1982), known professionally as Nicki Minaj ( ), is a rapper, singer, songwriter and model.
 Born in Saint James, Trinidad and Tobago and raised in Queens, New York, Minaj gained public recognition after releasing three mixtapes between 2007 to 2009 and subsequently signed to Young Money Entertainment in 2009.
