Midnight is a 1934 American drama film directed by Chester Erskine and starring Sidney Fox, O.P. Heggie, Henry Hull and Margaret Wycherly.
 The film was produced for Universal and was shot on a modest budget of $50,000 at Thomas Edison Studios, which producer/director Chester Erskine had re-opened specifically for the shoot.
The Last Mile is a Broadway play by John Wexley that ran for 289 performances from February 13, 1930 to October 1930 at the Sam H. Harris Theatre.
 It was produced by Herman Shumlin and staged by Chester Erskine.
 It is set in the death row wing of a prison.
 The lead role of John "Killer" Mears was first played by Spencer Tracy, and it was the role that bought him to the attention of Hollywood.
 It was later played for a time by Clark Gable.
 The play was adapted into a 1932 film starring Preston Foster and into a 1959 film starring Mickey Rooney.
Sam Taylor (born 1970) is an American author and former pop culture correspondent for "The Observer", a job he left in 2001.
 His first book, "The Republic of Trees", was published in 2005 and received critical acclaim.
 His second novel, "The Amnesiac", tells the story of James Purdew, a man obsessed with uncovering the events of three years of his life about which he remembers nothing.
 Taylor lives in France near the Pyrénées and the US.
Take One False Step is a 1949 film noir crime film directed by Chester Erskine and starring William Powell and Shelley Winters.
The Egg and I is a 1947 American romantic comedy film directed by Chester Erskine, who co-wrote the screenplay with Fred F. Finklehoffe, based on the book of the same name by Betty MacDonald and starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray, with Marjorie Main and Percy Kilbride as Ma and Pa Kettle.
Lord Cardross is a title in the Peerage of Scotland, since 1695 a subsidiary title of the earldom of Buchan.
 It was created in 1606 for John Erskine, 18th Earl of Mar, with remainder to his heirs male and assignees whatsoever and with the power to nominate his successor.
 In 1617 he nominated his second son by his second wife, Henry Erskine, Master of Cardross, to be his successor in the lordship of Cardross.
 The Earl of Mar died in 1634 and was succeeded in the earldom of Mar by his son by his first wife, John, and in the lordship of Cardross by his grandson David Erskine, the second Lord Cardross, the son of Henry, Master of Cardross, who had died in 1628.
 The second Lord was a supporter of The Engagement and was barred from sitting in Parliament in 1649.
 He was succeeded by his eldest son, the third Lord.
 He emigrated to North America to escape religious persecution and established a colony in what is now Carolina.
 His son, the fourth Lord, succeeded his kinsman in the earldom of Buchan in 1695.
 However, it was not until 1698 that his claim was established by the Scottish Parliament.
 For further history of the title, see Earl of Buchan.
Chester Erskine (November 29, 1905 – April 7, 1986) was a Hollywood and Broadway director, writer, and producer.
The Blackfoot Mountains, also called the Blackfoot Range, is a small range of mountains located east of Blackfoot, Idaho.
 Most of the area is private property, including the range's tallest mountain, Taylor Mountain.
 This mountain was named after Sam Taylor, an early settler and brother of Matt Taylor.
 The Blackfoot River carves through the region.
 Within this range is Wolverine Canyon, a public area that features sites for hiking, camping, kayaking, rock climbing and other recreational pursuits.
A Girl in Every Port is a 1952 comedy film directed by Chester Erskine.
 The film stars Groucho Marx, Marie Wilson, and William Bendix.
 It was based on the short story "They Sell Sailors Elephants" by Frederick Hazlitt Brennan.
The Taming of the Shrew (1929) is the first sound film adaptation of the Shakespearean play of the same name.
 The movie was directed by Sam Taylor, adapted by Taylor from William Shakespeare's play, and stars Mary Pickford and her husband Douglas Fairbanks.
