Griffin Claude Beresford Dauphin Hunter Newman (born February 19, 1989), known professionally as Griffin Newman, is an American actor and comedian.
 He currently stars as Arthur in Amazon's remake of "The Tick" TV series.
 He co-hosts the podcast "Blank Check (with Griffin and David)" in which he and David Sims over-analyze filmographies of directors they deem to have earned a "blank check" in Hollywood.
The Air Bud film series (also known as Air Buddies or Disney Buddies) is an American film franchise based on a sports-playing Golden Retriever named Buddy, portrayed by Air Buddy.
 The franchise began in 1997 with the theatrical release of "Air Bud", followed by the theatrical release of "" in 1998.
 The rest of the films in the series were released in direct-to-video form.
 The "Air Buddies" or "Disney Buddies" spin-off series began in 2006 with the release of "Air Buddies" and it focuses on the adventures of Buddy's talking Golden Retriever puppies.
Amalgamated Meat Cutters v. Connally, 337 F.Supp.
 737 (1971) is a court case decided by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia relating to the limits of the nondelegation doctrine.
 The district court upheld the delegation of legislative power to the executive branch that was contained in the Economic Stabilization Act.
 Even though the Act gave a broad grant of legislative power (what opponents called a "blank check"), the court reasoned that discretion of the executive branch would be limited by:
A blank cheque (US: blank check) or carte blanche, in the literal sense, is a cheque that has no numerical value written in, but is already signed.
 In the figurative sense, it is used to describe a situation in which an agreement has been made that is open-ended or vague, and therefore subject to abuse, or in which a party is willing to consider any expense in the pursuance of their goals.
Air Bud: Spikes Back (also known as Air Bud 5) is the fifth and final film in the original "Air Bud series".
 The film series itself was followed by a spin-off series: the "Air Buddies" franchise.
 It was released on June 24, 2003 as a direct to video sequel.
Air Bud: Seventh Inning Fetch (also known as Air Bud 4) is a 2002 made-for-video American film, and the fourth film in the "Air Bud" series.
The novel opens with Dr. Marina Singh reading a letter from Dr. Annick Swenson to Mr. Fox, Marina's boss and secret lover.
 Anders Eckman, her co-worker at the pharmaceutical company Vogel, has reportedly died at Dr. Swenson’s research site in the Amazonian rainforest.
 Dr. Eckman’s widow begs Marina to find out what happened, and Mr. Fox agrees to send her.
 Mr. Fox’s other motive is that Dr. Swenson has been given a blank check to conduct research into a new miracle drug, and refuses to inform him of her progress.
The Magnificent Marble Machine is an American television game show which featured a giant pinball machine as its centerpiece.
 The program premiered on NBC on July 7, 1975, at 12:00 pm ET, replacing the short-lived game show "Blank Check", whose time slot had been taken over by "Jackpot".
Air Bud: Golden Receiver (also known as Air Bud 2) is the 1998 sequel to "Air Bud".
 The film was shot in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
 It is also the last of the "Air Bud" films to be released theatrically.
 Outside the United States the film was often titled "Air Bud 2".
 This film is dedicated in memory of the original Air Bud (Air Buddy), who died of Synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer that affects soft tissue near the joints of the arm, leg, or neck in 1998, just several months before the movie's release.
Air Bud: World Pup (also known as Air Bud 3 in most other countries) is a 2000 made-for-video American film, and the third film in the "Air Bud" series.
 It was the first Air Bud movie to be filmed without Buddy, the canine star of the first two films; Buddy died after production of the previous film, "".
