A comics artist (also comic book artist or graphic novel artist, comic book producer, comic book illustrator, comic book writer, and comic book author) is a person working within the comics medium on comic strips, comic books, or graphic novels.
 The term may refer to any number of artists who contribute to produce a work in the comics form, from those who oversee all aspects of the work to those who contribute only a part.
Clues is the sixth solo album by Robert Palmer, released in 1980.
 It has a rockier, new wave edge compared to his previous releases.
 The album peaked at number 59 on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart and No. 31 in the UK in 1980.
 The album also peaked at No. 1 in Sweden, No. 3 in France, No. 15 in the Netherlands and No. 42 in Italy.
 Donald Guarisco of AllMusic described "Clues" as "one of Robert Palmer's strongest and most consistent albums", despite being somewhat short at 31 minutes.
Riptide is the eighth solo studio album by the British singer Robert Palmer.
 It was originally released in November 1985.
 The album was recorded over a period of three months in 1985, at Compass Point Studios in Nassau, Bahamas.
 The album charted at number 8 in the US and No. 5 in the UK.
 It was certified double platinum in the US by the RIAA in March 1996 and certified gold in the UK by BPI in August 1986.
 It featured the songs "Addicted to Love", "I Didn't Mean to Turn You On", "Discipline of Love", and "Riptide" which were all released as singles.
 The single "Addicted to Love" was accompanied by a memorable and much-imitated music video, directed by Terence Donovan, in which Palmer is surrounded by a bevy of near-identically clad, heavily made-up (and appropriately pouty) female "musicians," either mimicking or mocking the painting style of Patrick Nagel.
 In September 1986, Palmer performed "Addicted to Love" at the 1986 MTV Video Music Awards in Los Angeles.
 In 1987, he won the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance for "Addicted to Love".
 At the 1987 Brit Awards, Palmer received his first nomination for Best British Male.
Bryan Lee Johnson (born December 7, 1967) is an American comic book writer, podcaster, actor and television personality associated with filmmaker Kevin Smith and the View Askewniverse.
 He is best known by his local fame in New Jersey and appearances in Smith's New Jersey films as comic book fan Steve-Dave Pulasti.
 He was also the basis for the "Clerks" character Randal Graves.
 Through his friendship with Smith, he was often involved in his productions until Smith moved to Los Angeles.
 He wrote and directed one film, "Vulgar" (2000), for View Askew.
 He worked briefly at the Los Angeles branch of Smith's comic book store, Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash.
 He became co-host of the "Tell 'Em Steve-Dave!
" podcast with friend Walt Flanagan and Brian Quinn.
 He also has co-starred on the AMC reality series "Comic Book Men" since 2012.
Dann Thomas (born Danette Maxx Couto January 30, 1952) is an American comic book writer and is the wife of comic book writer and editor Roy Thomas.
 She has at times collaborated with her husband on "All-Star Squadron", "Arak, Son of Thunder", the "Crimson Avenger" miniseries, and "Avengers West Coast".
Nick Spencer is a comic book writer.
 As a comic book writer, he is known for his creator-owned titles at Image Comics ("Morning Glories", "Thief of Thieves", "Bedlam", "The Fix"), his work at DC Comics ("Action Comics", "T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents"), and for his current work at Marvel Comics ("Secret Avengers", "Superior Foes of Spider-Man", "Avengers World," "Ant-Man").
"Sweet Lies" is a song by the English singer Robert Palmer, released in 1988 as a single from the soundtrack of the film of the same name.
 As well as appearing on the film's soundtrack release, it was also included on Palmer's 1989 compilation album "".
 The song was written by Palmer, Frank Blair and Dony Wynn, and produced by Palmer.
Max Bemis and the Painful Splits is a side project created by Say Anything's lead singer Max Bemis in September 2010.
 He has recorded six albums, titled "Max Bemis and the Painful Splits", "Max Bemis and the Painful Splits 2", "The Painful Splits Destroy", "The Painful Splits Are Multiplying", "Max Bemis and The Painful Splits Stripped Down", and "The Painful Splits Wins", respectively.
Robert "Bob" Kane (born Robert Kahn; October 24, 1915 – November 3, 1998) was an American comic book writer and artist who co-created, with Bill Finger, the DC Comics character Batman.
 He was inducted into the comic book industry's Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1994 and into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1996.
Very Best of Robert Palmer is a 1995 compilation album by British singer Robert Palmer.
 Re-issued in 1997 with the addition of "Addicted To Love '97".
