Bridge is the sixth album by American jam band Blues Traveler, released May 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 This is Blues Traveler's first album following the 1999 death of bassist Bobby Sheehan.
 The album was originally titled "Bridge Out of Brooklyn."
Exordium is a 2003 EP album by Dutch symphonic metal band After Forever.
 Another version of this album was released in 2004, with a bonus DVD entitled Insights. "
The Evil That Men Do" is a cover of the Iron Maiden song, while "One Day I'll Fly Away" is a metal version of a ballad originally sung by Randy Crawford.
 This is the first recording of the band with new guitarist Bas Maas, who replaced Mark Jansen.
 "Exordium" is the first After Forever album to enter the Dutch Top 100 chart, where it remained for two weeks, peaking at #56.
North Hollywood Shootout is American jam band Blues Traveler's tenth studio album, released on August 26, 2008, and produced by David Bianco, a 1996 Grammy winner.
 In a notable departure from previous Blues Traveler releases, the album includes a spoken word piece featuring Bruce Willis.
Decipher is the second album by Dutch symphonic metal band After Forever, released in 2001.
 In this album, the band make use of live classical instruments and a complete choir to back up the soprano voice of lead singer Floor Jansen.
 Thrown in the mix are also a duet of soprano and tenor voices in "Imperfect Tenses" and the recording of the late Israeli PM Yizhak Rabin voice during the Peace treaty signing ceremony on October 26, 1994 on "Forlorn Hope".
 This is the last After Forever album with guitarist and founder Mark Jansen, who left the band soon after its release.
On Tour Forever is a live EP album released by Blues Traveler in 1992.
 Only ten thousand copies were produced, packaged as a double album with copies of the band's second album, "Travelers and Thieves".
Blues Traveler, the eponymous debut album from Blues Traveler, was released on A&M Records in 1990.
 It establishes the band's trademark jam band sound featuring John Popper's harmonica.
Travelers and Thieves is Blues Traveler's second album, released on A&M Records in 1991.
 The album was released in two different versions: an album-only version, and an extremely limited two-CD pressing.
 The bonus disc was called "On Tour Forever".
 On iTunes the album is listed only as "Travelers" due to the full name being split across two drawings, one on the cover and one inside the CD liner notes.
Horizons of Rock Developing Everywhere or H.O.R.D.E. Festival was a touring summer rock music festival originated by the musical group Blues Traveler in 1992.
 In addition to travelling headliners, the festival gave exposure to bands, charities, and organizations from the local area of the concert.
Travelogue: Blues Traveler Classics is a compilation album by American rock band Blues Traveler, released in 2002.
 It is composed of the band's greatest hits from before they were dropped by A&M Records.
Blues Brothers 2000: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the third studio album by The Blues Brothers, their twelfth release, overall.
 It is a soundtrack album to the 1998 film, "Blues Brothers 2000", the sequel to the 1980 film, "The Blues Brothers".
 In addition to tracks by the Blues Brothers Band and guest artists such as Aretha Franklin, James Brown, Eddie Floyd and Wilson Pickett, there are songs by the Paul Butterfield Blues Band and Blues Traveler as well as an all-star blues supergroup, the Louisiana Gator Boys, featuring B.B. King, Eric Clapton, Bo Diddley, Charlie Musselwhite, Doctor John, Lou Rawls, Koko Taylor, Isaac Hayes, Billy Preston and other artists.
