Operation Secret is a 1952 American drama film directed by Lewis Seiler and written by Harold Medford and James R. Webb.
 The film stars Cornel Wilde, Steve Cochran, Phyllis Thaxter, Karl Malden, Paul Picerni and Lester Matthews.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on November 8, 1952.
 The film is based on the exploit of US Marine Corps Major Peter Ortiz.
Steve Cochran (May 25, 1917 - June 15, 1965) was an American film, television and stage actor.
 He graduated from the University of Wyoming in 1939.
 After a stint working as a cowpuncher, Cochran developed his acting skills in local theatre and gradually progressed to Broadway, film and television.
Il grido (English: "The Cry" ) is a 1957 Italian black-and-white drama film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Steve Cochran, Alida Valli, Betsy Blair, and Dorian Gray.
 Based on a story by Antonioni, the film is about a man who wanders aimlessly, away from his town, away from the woman he loved, and becomes emotionally and socially inactive.
 "Il Grido" won the Locarno International Film Festival Golden Leopard Award in 1957, and the Italian National Syndicate of Film Journalists Silver Ribbon Award for Best Cinematography (Gianni di Venanzo) in 1958.
Rockmond Dunbar (born January 11, 1973 in Berkeley, California) is an American actor.
 He is best known for his roles as Baines on the NBC series "Earth 2", Kenny Chadway on Showtime's "Soul Food", and Benjamin Miles "C-Note" Franklin on the FOX crime drama "Prison Break".
 He also played Sheriff Eli Roosevelt on the FX Drama series "Sons of Anarchy", FBI Agent Dennis Abbott on "The Mentalist", and FBI Agent Abe Gaines in the Hulu series "The Path".
Ray Teal (January 12, 1902April 2, 1976) was an American actor who appeared in more than 250 films and some 90 television programs in his 37-year career.
 His longest-running role was as Sheriff Roy Coffee on NBC's western series "Bonanza" (1960–1972).
 He also played a sheriff in the film "Ace in the Hole" (1951).
Storm Warning is a 1951 American film noir thriller, directed by Stuart Heisler, and featuring Ginger Rogers, Ronald Reagan, Doris Day and Steve Cochran.
 Lauren Bacall was originally cast in the part eventually played by Rogers.
 Bacall turned it down and was put on suspension by Warner Bros. for her defiance.
The Damned Don't Cry is a 1950 American film noir crime-drama directed by Vincent Sherman and featuring Joan Crawford, David Brian, and Steve Cochran.
 It tells of a woman's involvement with an organized crime boss and his subordinates.
 The screenplay by Harold Medford and Jerome Weidman was based on the story "Case History" by Gertrude Walker.
 The plot is loosely based on the relationship of  Bugsy Siegel and Virginia Hill.
 The film was directed by Vincent Sherman and produced by Jerry Wald.
 "The Damned Don't Cry!"
 is the first of three cinematic collaborations between Sherman and Crawford, the others being "Harriet Craig" (1950) and "Goodbye, My Fancy" (1951).
Inside the Walls of Folsom Prison is a 1951 American film noir crime film directed by Crane Wilbur starring Steve Cochran and David Brian.
 Set in Folsom State Prison in California, the film was seen both in the United States and Europe.
Ewing Young Mitchell (December 29, 1910 – September 3, 1988) was an American character actor of film and television best known for his role as Sheriff Mitch Hargrove in 26 episodes between 1956 and 1959 of the aviation adventure series with a western theme, "Sky King".
 He also played Sheriff Powers on another western series, "The Adventures of Champion".
Alfred Sandor (November 5, 1918 – September 22, 1983), born as Alfred Sandwina, and billed early in his career as Al Sandwina was a Hungarian-born American and Australian character actor and singer, born in Budapest during the turmoil of the Hungarian Revolutions and Interventions, He spent his early years travelling with the circus, where his mother, Katie Sandwina, was a circus strongwoman, and he had a background as a ringmaster.
 After a brief career working as a boxer in New York City, he found himself working as a spy behind enemy lines during World War II, for the Counter Intelligence Agency of the US Army.
 Having returned to America, he established himself as an actor, appearing in Broadway Productions and Musician Theatre.
 On US television he appeared on the Phil Silvers show and played Sheriff George Patterson in a single episode of "Dark Shadows" in 1968 and on Our Five Daughters, theatre work included Neil Simon's "The Odd Couple", and Gypsy opposite Ethel Merman, film work included "The Return of Captain Invincible".
