Skyline is a 2010 alien invasion science fiction thriller film produced and directed by Brothers Strause, directors of "".
 The film was released on November 12, 2010.
 It stars Eric Balfour, Scottie Thompson, Brittany Daniel, Crystal Reed, David Zayas and Donald Faison.
 "Skyline" was a box office success, grossing nearly $79 million worldwide against its $10–20 million budget, despite being panned by critics.
 The brothers stated before the film's release that they were already working on a sequel.
All Saints' Church, Ryde is a parish church in the Church of England located in Ryde, Isle of Wight.
 The building is a landmark of the Island, the spire being visible from many places around the Isle of Wight - and indeed from the mainland - projecting beyond the skyline.
 All Saints' is sometimes referred to as the "Cathedral of the Island" It is a Grade II* listed building, formally listed on 24 October 1950.
Insidious: Chapter 3 is a 2015 American-Canadian supernatural horror film written and directed by Leigh Whannell in his directorial debut.
 It is a prequel to the first two films and the third installment in the "Insidious" franchise.
 The film stars Dermot Mulroney and Stefanie Scott, with Angus Sampson, Whannell and Lin Shaye reprising their roles from the previous films.
 The film was released on June 5, 2015, and grossed $113 million against a budget of $10–11.2 million.
Beyond Skyline is an upcoming American science fiction action thriller film directed by Liam O'Donnell and starring Frank Grillo, Bojana Novakovic, Iko Uwais, Callan Mulvey, Yayan Ruhian, Betty Gabriel and Antonio Fargas.
 It is the sequel to the 2010 film "Skyline".
Luke and Lucy: The Texas Rangers (original title Suske en Wiske: De Texas Rakkers, also released as "Spike and Suzy: The Texas Rangers") is a 2009 Belgian-Luxembourgish-Dutch CGI animated western comedy adventure film released on 21 July 2009 as the first of it kind to be created in Belgium in a projected 13 animated films, at a rate of one per year.
 The film is based on the Belgian comic book characters "Luke and Lucy" (published in English as Spike and Suzy and "Willy and Wanda").
 The film is directed by Mark Mertens and Wim Bien, and produced by Skyline Entertainment, in partnership with CoToon, LuxAnimation, BosBros, and WAT Productions.
 The film was first announced in a 1 July 2005 press release.
 The Flanders Audiovisual Fund announced on 20 April 2006 that it would provide €12,500 for script development, and a further €237,500 was announced in September 2007 for production of the film.
 The total budget of the film is €9 million, making it the most expensive Flemish-Belgian film to date.
 Character voices for the Flemish version are being provided by Staf Coppens (Suske), Evelien Verhegge (Wiske), Lucas Van Den Eynde (Lambik), Sien Eggers (Sidonie) and Filip Peeters (Jerom).
 Character voices for the Dutch version are being provided by Frank Lammers, Jeroen van Koningsbrugge, Pierre Bokma, Kees Boot, Raymonde de Kuyper, Marijn Klaver, and Nanette Drazic.
Wake Up 2 (麻醉風暴2) is a 2017 Taiwanese television series and sequel to "Wake Up", with the story set 5 years after the prequel, starring the original cast with the addition of Lego Lee and Summer Meng.
 This is also Lee and Meng's third collaboration after 2013 film "" and 2014 television series "Aim High".
 Filming in Taiwan began on August 19, 2016 in Kaohsiung and ended on January 17, 2017 in Taipei.
 The crew then head for Jordan to film the war scenes as Jordan is relatively safer than Syria.
 The filming was completed on February 14, 2017.
 "Wake Up 2" has a total of thirteen episodes and is the first Taiwanese television series to film in a Middle Eastern country, where filming took place in refugee camps in the Northern Borders Region of the Jordan River and Syria, to depict the selflessness and heroism of humanitarian rescue.
 This series had 5 times the production budget compared to the prequel, up to NT$60 million.
 The two main storylines are the humanitarian rescue in Middle East, the subway bombing incident in Kaoshiung (filmed in Taoyuan HSR station), and continuation of the continuation of Human Meatball Controversy in series one.
 This series' tag-line is Never Give Up, not only as a line of encouragement, but also a question about when they should or have to give up (eg.
 abandon operation, stop resuscitation to a decreased patient, etc.) From episode 2, "Before Waking Up, Outside the Storm" is aired after the episode to show behind-the-scenes interviews.
 Like the prequel, each week in the premier is shown in two episodes, with the final episode being a single feature-length finale.
This list of tallest buildings in Chennai ranks high-rise buildings in Chennai, India based on official height.
 Unlike other metropolitan cities in the country, Chennai continues to experience a horizontal growth (that is, expanding continuously in its area) rather than a vertical growth by means of building more skyscrapers, owing to the presence of weather radar at the Chennai Port, which prohibits construction of taller buildings beyond its permissible limits.
 The maximum permissible building height in Chennai was limited to 40 m until 1998, when it was increased to 60 m.
 This restriction continued until the second master plan of the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority was rolled out in 2008, after which the restriction was lifted.
 Until then, the LIC Building at Anna Salai, with 15 floors, dominated the city's skyline.
 However, after the big companies started building tall concrete structures in the city since then, the city's skyline started changing, especially along the periphery.
 Currently, seven towers of Hiranandani Upscale Egattur are the tallest buildings in Chennai and south india with a maximum height of 204 m .
 Still many more high-rises are already under construction in the city and dozens are proposed.
 However, the height of the buildings in the central business district have seldom gone beyond 20 floors.
 Most of the high rises in Chennai are corporate entities rather than residential ones as found in other South Asian cities.
The Omega Code is a 1999 religious thriller film directed by Rob Marcarelli, starring Casper Van Dien, Michael York, Catherine Oxenberg, and Michael Ironside.
 The premillennialist plot revolves around a plan by the Antichrist (York) to take over the world using information hidden in the titular Bible code.
 The film was funded and distributed by the Trinity Broadcasting Network, whose head, televangelist Paul Crouch, wrote a novelization of the film's screenplay.
 In 2000, the film was released to both VHS and DVD formats by GoodTimes Entertainment.
 This was followed in 2001 by a follow up film, "", a film that serves partly as a prequel as well as an alternate eschatological tale.
 While it had a significantly larger budget than the original, it was less enthusiastically received, and was ultimately less popular.
 Both films were produced by Gener8Xion Entertainment and TBN Films .
Silicon Mountain, also known as the "Silicon Flatirons" is a nickname given to the tech hub in the Denver, Colorado metropolitan area.
 The name is analogous to Silicon Valley, but refers to the Rocky Mountains beyond the skyline.
 Denver startups raised $401 million in 2015, while Boulder startups raised $183 million in 2015.
Beyond Good and Evil 2 is an upcoming action-adventure video game in development by Ubisoft Montpellier and to be published by Ubisoft, it is a prequel to 2003's "Beyond Good & Evil".
 Its development was characterized in the media by uncertainty, doubt and rumours about the game's future, until it was officially announced at Ubisoft's E3 2017 conference, although no release window or target platform has been revealed.
