Lenelle Moïse (born 1980) is a poet, actress and playwright born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
 Currently based in the United States, she performs at colleges throughout the country, presenting work about race, gender, class, immigration and sexuality.
 Her spoken word CD "Madivinez" won the 2007 Patchwork Majority Radio Album Award for Best Solo Album.
 Moïse was a member of the permanent ensemble cast in the Culture Project's premiere production of "Rebel Voices", a play by Rob Urbinati based on Howard Zinn and Anthony Arnove's book "Voices of a People's History of the United States."
 In 2008, she developed a two-person vocal musical about art, infamy and race called "EXPATRIATE", also at the Culture Project, in which she co-starred with Karla Cheatham-Mosley.
 When she was a junior at Ithaca College, Lenelle co-wrote "Sexual Dependency", a feature film by Bolivian filmmaker Rodrigo Bellot who was a schoolmate at the time.
 The film went on to win the International Film Critics' Award at the Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland.
 Moïse also wrote and starred in Mara Alper's short experimental video "To Erzulie" which premiered at the Berlin Sommerfest der Literaturen in July 2002.
 She has completed her own experimental shorts "Blue Passersby Eyes" and "Atlantic Soul."
 Her homemade music video "Pied Piper" was an official selection of the International Museum of Women 2007 Online Film Festival.
 Her essays and poems are published in a number of anthologies, most recently "Word Warriors: 35 Women Leaders of the Spoken Word Revolution" (Seal Press).
 Her debut book "Haiti Glass" (City Lights Publishers, April 2014), part of the Sister Spit series, is a collection of verse and prose.
 She experiments with collage as a form of meditative practice and nonlinear storytelling.
Jeffrey Stanley (born September 3, 1967) is a playwright born in Roanoke, Virginia.
 He began writing in elementary school, and graduated from New York University Tisch School of the Arts Undergraduate Film Program and Graduate Dramatic Writing Program.
 He was also a guest at Yaddo, a Copeland Fellow at Amherst College, and a 2014-15 Amtrak Residency for Writers recipient.
 He was a 2011-12 PDC playwright-in-residence at Philadelphia's Plays and Players Theatre.
Aramazd Stepanian (Armenian: Արամազդ Ստեփանեան , born October 11, 1951) is an Armenian actor, producer, director and playwright born in Abadan, Iran.
 He is the owner of the Luna Playhouse where he also serves as the artistic director and producer.
 He was also a former candidate for Los Angeles, California City Council.
DeObia Oparei (born 1971), also credited as Dhobi Oparei and Deobia Operei, is an English actor and playwright born in London, known for his role as the Gunner in "" and as Thundarian in "Your Highness".
 His parents are of Nigerian ancestry.
Michael Wynne is an English playwright born in Birkenhead on 3 August 1972.
 While reading for a Politics degree in London, he entered a competition for new young writers run by the Royal Court Theatre.
 He won this with his first play "The Knocky" - an award-winning comedy, set on a Birkenhead council estate.
 It was produced at the Royal Court in 1995 and subsequently performed at Liverpool's Everyman Theatre in 1997.
 In 2010, Wynne won the Olivier Award for Best New Comedy for "The Priory".
 In 2011, Wynne wrote the BBC Christmas show, "Lapland".
 A series was later announced, entitled "Being Eileen", again written by Wynne, which began to air on 4 February 2013.
Juan García Larrondo (born 1965) is a Spanish playwright born in El Puerto de Santa María, Cádiz Province.
Finn Iunker (born 27 March 1969) is a Norwegian playwright born in Arendal.
 He lives in Oslo.
Sumie Tanaka ("田中澄江"; April 11, 1908—March 1, 2000) was a Japanese screenwriter and playwright born in Tokyo.
 She was most well known for her long collaboration with film director Mikio Naruse and for writing screenplays for Japan's first major female director Kinuyo Tanaka.
 Member of the Bungakuza theatre company, she was married to playwright and dramatist Chikao Tanaka.
 The screenplays she wrote for Repast ("めし", Meshi; 1951), Home Sweet Home ("我が家は楽し ", Wa ga ya wa tanoshi; 1951), and Record of Youth ("少年期 ", Shonenki; 1951) won her the Blue Ribbon Award for Best Screenplay in 1951.
Bertha Runkle (1879–1958) was an American novelist and playwright born in Berkeley Heights, New Jersey.
 From a literary family, she wrote five novels.
 Her first and best known, "The Helmet of Navarre", was made into a Broadway play.
James Roland MacLaren (1839–1912) was a British actor and playwright born on 10 June 1839 in Bonhill, Scotland to Archibald MacLaren and Anne McIntyre.
 The family later moved to Liverpool, where James Roland MacLaren first took to the stage, appearing second to Barry Sullivan, the well known Victorian actor.
 He subsequently went to Sunderland with Alfred Davis where he took over the New Royal Lyceum Theatre (now demolished).
 It was here with MacLaren that the actor Sir Henry Irving made his first stage appearances before moving to London where he later became famous as the inspiration for Bram Stoker's Count Dracula.
 For some thirty years MacLaren was renowned in the north east of England as an actor in stock companies, a noted recitalist and a playwright.
 He usually played heavy villain roles and was popular amongst the audience as the 'traitor'.
