Rex Riot, born Nicholas Rex Valente, is an electronic music producer.
 He is known for his work with Nintendo, for their 2012 Wii U Campaign, and various work including a popular remix of Kanye West's "All of the Lights", which he produced with Infuze.
 He currently has releases under Play Me Records, Heavy Artillery Records, and an upcoming album scheduled for release in summer 2013.
"Amazing" is a song by American hip hop artist Kanye West, released as the third single for his fourth studio album, "808s & Heartbreak".
 Co-produced with Victor Alexander, the song features hip hop artist Young Jeezy and contains additional vocals provided by Mr Hudson and Tony Williams.
 This song was used in the NBA during the 2009 Playoffs, and is featured on the "NBA 2K10" and "NBA 2K13" soundtracks.
 UFC Fighter Frank Mir walks out to this song before his fights.
 The song was nominated at the 52nd Grammy Awards in the Best Rap Performance By a Duo or Group category.
 The song also marks the second collaboration with Kanye West and Young Jeezy, the first being Young Jeezy's 2008 single "Put On".
 The song also marks the two rappers' second time to do a song to be nominated for a Grammy award.
The Glow in the Dark Tour is a critically acclaimed world concert tour by Kanye West featuring Rihanna, Lupe Fiasco, N.E.R.D, Santigold and Nas.
 It began on April 16, 2008 in Seattle, Washington and travelled to Latin America, Asia, Europe, New Zealand and Australia through to early December.
 The tour featured some surprise special guest artists, including Gnarls Barkley and Jay-Z.
 Chris Brown also appeared at some shows to perform his remix of "Umbrella" with Rihanna, and as a dancer for N.E.R.D. For the New Zealand and Australian leg of the tour special guests Nas and New Zealand rapper Scribe replaced Lupe Fiasco and N.E.R.D, as N.E.R.D toured these countries separately.
 Vanness Wu performed as the opening act on the Asian leg of the tour and performed "Good Life" with West during the show.
 A same titled book authored by Kanye West with photography by Nabil Elderkin was published by Rizzoli USA in October 2009.
 The tour grossed $30.8 million from 49 shows.
Mike Lévy, better known as Gesaffelstein (born 1985 in Lyon, France), is a French techno artist and DJ.
 He has worked alongside, and remixed tracks for such artists as varied as Tiga, Miss Kittin, ASAP Rocky, Lana Del Rey and Phoenix.
 He produced two tracks on "Yeezus", the sixth album of American rapper Kanye West, including the lead single "Black Skinhead" and "Send It Up", both tracks produced with Kanye West, Daft Punk, Brodinski and Mike Dean.
 Gesaffelstein released his debut album "ALEPH" on October 28, 2013 under Parlophone Records and EMI Music, which had been recorded since 2011.
 His remix of "Shockwave" by The Hacker is featured in the 2013 video game "Grand Theft Auto V", on the Soulwax FM radio station.
 In 2015 Gesaffelstein released the track Conquistador in collaboration with French electronic music pioneer Jean-Michel Jarre.
"Slow Jamz" is a single by American rapper Twista featuring Kanye West and Jamie Foxx.
 It was released in late 2003 as the lead single from his album "Kamikaze" and the second single from Kanye West's debut album "The College Dropout".
 The Kanye West version includes an intro and two extra verses by Jamie Foxx, and excludes the original outro by Twista.
"'Pride N Joy'" is a song written by American rapper Fat Joe.
 The song features Kanye West, Miguel, Jadakiss, Mos Def, DJ Khaled, Roscoe Dash and Busta Rhymes, although Kanye West and Roscoe Dash are the main features with Roscoe doing the hook and Kanye sharing the first verse with Joe.
 The other featured artists sing the intro and outro which are the same.
 According to Joe the record had been mixed eight times by Kanye before its release meaning a remix could have got released in the future.
"Can't Tell Me Nothing" is a song by American hip-hop recording artist Kanye West.
 It was released on May 15, 2007 as the lead single of his third studio album, "Graduation".
 The song was produced by Kanye West and Atlanta record producer DJ Toomp.
 It received acclaim from music critics and was listed amongst the best tracks of the year by several publications.
 "Can't Tell Me Nothing" was nominated for Best Rap Song at the 50th Grammy Awards, but lost to another one of West's songs, "Good Life".
 Since its release, West has continually reiterated that it is his favorite song he's done.
 In 2012 Complex named it their song of the decade.
Dark Sky Paradise is the third studio album by American rapper Big Sean.
 It was released on February 24, 2015, by GOOD Music and Def Jam Recordings.
 The album features guest appearances from Kanye West, Drake, Ariana Grande, Chris Brown, Ty Dolla Sign, Jhené Aiko, PartyNextDoor, Lil Wayne, John Legend and E-40, while the production was handled by a variety of collaborators, including Key Wane, DJ Mustard, DJ Dahi and Kanye West, who also serves as the album's executive producer alongside Big Sean himself.
 The album was supported by five singles: "I Don't Fuck with You" featuring E-40, "Paradise", "Blessings" featuring Drake, "One Man Can Change the World" featuring Kanye West and John Legend, and "Play No Games" featuring Chris Brown and Ty Dolla Sign.
"Sanctified" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Rick Ross, taken from his sixth studio album "Mastermind" (2014).
 The song, produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean, and DJ Mustard, featuring guest appearances by rappers Kanye West and Big Sean.
 It was written by the aforementioned rappers and producers and Betty Wright sang the hook.
 "Sanctified" garnered critical acclaim from music critics, with most praising the production and Kanye West's appearance.
 Despite not being released as a single, it is the highest charting song on "Mastermind" to date, debuting at number 25 on the UK R&B Chart, number 78 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 99 on the Canadian Hot 100 upon the album's release.
"Lift Off" is a song by Jay-Z and Kanye West featuring American recording artist Beyoncé.
 It was written by Kanye West, Jay-Z, Jeff Bhasker, Mike Dean, Bruno Mars and Seal, while production was handled by West, Bhasker, Mike Dean, Pharrell, Q-Tip, and Don Jazzy for Jay-Z' s and West' s collaboration album, "Watch the Throne" (2011).
 The song was rumored to be released as the lead single from the album containing additional vocals by Bruno Mars.
 However, Mars never appeared on the song and it was sent to urban contemporary radio on August 23, 2011.
