Walkley Heights is a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.
 The suburb is located on land formerly comprising the prison farm for Yatala Labour Prison, and includes fifty-five hectares of land formerly owned by R. M. Williams which was compulsorily acquired during the time of former State Premier Sir Thomas Playford.
 The suburb (and one adjacent main road) is named after John Walkley, an early pioneer in South Australia
The Georges Head Battery is a former military fortification located on the Georges Head in the suburb of Mosman in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
 The site consists of the original battery and barracks, designed by Colonial Architect James Barnet, located at the end of Suakin Drive, Georges Heights, two later batteries located adjacent to the corner of Middle Head Road and Best Avenue, Georges Heights, and the Beehive (or Lower) Casemate adjacent to the Armoured (or Upper) Casemate in Chowder Bay Road.
 The Georges Head Battery is one of three forts in the area that were built for the purpose of defending the outer harbour.
 The other two forts are located at Middle Head and Bradleys Head, Mosman.
 The fort became a command post in the 1890s for the coordination of all of Sydney's harbour defences.
 It was decommissioned in 2002 and part of the land is managed by the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust, with other parts managed by the NSW National Parks & Wildlife Service as part of the Sydney Harbour National Park.
Cambridge Castle, locally also known as Castle Mound, is located in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England.
 Originally built after the Norman conquest to control the strategically important route to the north of England, it played a role in the conflicts of the Anarchy, the First and Second Barons' Wars. Hugely expanded by Edward I, the castle then fell rapidly into disuse in the late medieval era, its stonework recycled for building purposes in the surrounding colleges.
 Cambridge Castle was refortified during the English Civil War but once again fell into disuse, used primarily as the county gaol.
 The castle gaol was finally demolished in 1842, with a new prison built in the castle bailey.
 This prison was demolished in 1932, replaced with the modern Shire Hall, and only the castle motte and limited earthworks still stand.
 The site is open to the public daily and offers views over the historic buildings of the city.
Spring Creek Correctional Center is an Alaska Department of Corrections maximum security prison for men located in Seward, Alaska, United States.
 The prison is located approximately 125 mi south of Anchorage.
 The prison is located on about 328 acre of land surrounded by national parks.
 The prison capacity consists of over 500 inmates and 97 correctional officers.
 Built as a decentralized campus, the prison construction was completed in 1988 at a cost of $44,678,000.
 A large portion of the prisoner population consists of "hard core" felons who committed violent crimes, such as murder.
 The Alaska DOC says that these prisoners "will probably spend the rest of their life in prison."
 Spring Creek also houses prisoners who committed less serious crimes like assault and burglary and usually have sentences from three years to ten years.
Baihu Prison is a prison in Lujiang County, Anhui, China.
 It was established in 1953.
 Originally the Anhui Prov.
 No. 1 LGB.
 The prison is a particularly large-sized agriculture prison built on land reclaimed from a lake.
 The total area the prison covers is 162 km2 , 130,000 mu of cultivated land and 8,000 mu of water area.
 It holds roughly 18,000 prisons yearly making it China's second largest prison and Anhui Province's largest prison.
Deebing Heights is a semi-rural suburb located in Queensland, Australia.
 The area that is now Deebing Heights has been an important settlement since Queensland's early colonial history, but was only gazetted as a locality in 2000 and then a suburb in 2004, previously being part of Purga.
 It is home of the heritage listed Deebing Creek Mission Aboriginal Reserve located at the southern end of Grampian Drive which acted as a home to the Ugarapul/yuggera tribe until its closing in 1915.
 Development was slow to begin in Deebing Heights with Paradise Heights, a premium acreage estate only beginning development in the mid-1990s.
 However, with development planned over the entire suburb, it has a projected population of 25,000 people by 2020.
Salisbury Heights is a suburb located in the City of Salisbury, Adelaide, South Australia.
 The upper section of Salisbury Heights was originally established as Castieu Estate in the 1970s by a private consortium.
 The blocks of land in this area were typically much larger than surrounding suburbs with half acre blocks compared to the usual quarter acre block.
 In April 2017, the Salisbury Heights section of Tea Tree Gully Council was renamed and amalgamated with nearby Greenwith.
The Bangkok Corrections Museum is an incarceration museum in Bangkok, Thailand.
 It is located on Maha Chai Road on the site of a former Bangkok maximum security prison built in 1890, during the reign of King Chulalongkorn Rama V.
 It was planned to follow the Brixton Prison of England.
 The prison museum was established in 1939 in another prison, the Bang Kwang Central Prison, which had served as a training center for corrections officers and gained the notorious title "Bangkok Hilton" in the way that the Hanoi Hilton did in Vietnam for its brutal prison history.
The Division of Makin is an electoral division for the Australian House of Representatives located in the northeastern suburbs of Adelaide.
 The 130 km² seat covers an area from Little Para River and Gould Creek in the north-east to Grand Junction Road in the south and Port Wakefield Road in the west, including the suburbs of Banksia Park, Fairview Park, Golden Grove, Greenwith, Gulfview Heights, Ingle Farm, Mawson Lakes, Modbury, Para Hills, Para Vista, Pooraka, Redwood Park, Ridgehaven, Salisbury East, Salisbury Heights, St Agnes, Surrey Downs, Tea Tree Gully, Valley View, Vista, Walkley Heights, Wynn Vale, Yatala Vale, and parts of Gepps Cross and Hope Valley.
Dry Creek or Dry Creek Drain ( ) is a seasonal stream in South Australia which passes through the Adelaide suburbs of Modbury, Walkley Heights and Pooraka.
 The nearby suburb of Dry Creek and Dry Creek railway station are named after the stream.
