Let Them Eat Cake is a British sitcom that aired on BBC One in 1999.
 Starring Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders, it is one of the few programmes in which French and Saunders have appeared which they did not create themselves.
Open All Hours is a BBC television sitcom created and written by Roy Clarke for the BBC.
 It ran for 26 episodes in four series, which premiered in 1976, 1981, 1982 and 1985.
 The programme developed from a television pilot broadcast in Ronnie Barker's comedy anthology series, "Seven of One" (1973).
 "Open All Hours" ranked eighth in the 2004 Britain's Best Sitcom poll.
 A sequel, entitled "Still Open All Hours", was created in 2013.
Absolutely Fabulous, also known as Ab Fab, is a BBC television sitcom created by, written by and starring Jennifer Saunders.
 It is based on a 1990 "French & Saunders" sketch created by Saunders and Dawn French.
Helen Margaret Lederer (born 24 September 1954) is an English comedian, writer and actress who emerged as part of the alternative comedy boom at the beginning of the 1980s.
 Among her television credits are the BBC Two sketch series "Naked Video" and BBC One's "Absolutely Fabulous", in which she played the role of Catriona.
Jam & Jerusalem is a British sitcom that aired on BBC One from 2006 to 2009.
 Written by Jennifer Saunders and Abigail Wilson, it starred Sue Johnston, Jennifer Saunders, Pauline McLynn, Dawn French, Maggie Steed, David Mitchell, and Sally Phillips.
 Earlier episodes also starred Joanna Lumley and Doreen Mantle.
 On BBC America the first series was aired as Clatterford.
Up the Women is a BBC television sitcom created, written by and starring Jessica Hynes.
 It was first broadcast on BBC Four on 30 May 2013.
 The sitcom is about a group of women in 1910 who form a Women's Suffrage movement.
 Hynes originally planned to write a comedy film about a suffragette plot to assassinate H. H. Asquith, but after realising the plot had turned quite dark, she decided to write a sitcom instead.
 Christine Gernon directed the three-part series, which became the last sitcom to be filmed before a live audience at BBC Television Centre and the first to be commissioned for BBC Four.
 A second series was commissioned in June 2013 and aired on BBC Two from 21 January 2015.
 "Up the Women" was not renewed for a third series.
French and Saunders: Still Alive!
 is a 2008 tour by comedy duo Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders.
 They performed in the UK in February - May in 2008 and were at Drury Lane, London for a month.
 The tour continued to Australia in mid-2009.
 There were many positive reviews for the UK leg of the tour, yet most reviews on the Australian leg were poor and negative.
 The first leg of the show concluded in May 2008.
 The show ended 9 November, in London.
 Previously they have toured their comedy act / sketch show very rarely, with UK tours in 1990 & 2000.
 The current tour contains a selection of their favourite sketches, as well as new material written specifically for the tour.
 The show was directed by Hamish McColl, set design by Lez Brotherstone, lighting, video and visual effects by Willie Williams.
Dawn Roma French (born 11 October 1957) is an English actress, writer, and comedian.
 She is best known for starring in and writing for the comedy sketch show "French and Saunders" with comedy partner Jennifer Saunders and for playing the lead role as Geraldine Granger in the sitcom "The Vicar of Dibley".
 French has been nominated for seven British Academy Television Awards and also won a BAFTA Fellowship with Jennifer Saunders.
The Life and Times of Vivienne Vyle is a British sitcom that was originally aired on BBC 2 in 2007.
 The programme was written and created by Jennifer Saunders and Tanya Byron.
 The show stars Saunders as the title character of the talk show host, a caricature of Jeremy Kyle and other talk show hosts.
The fourth series of British sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous" premiered on BBC One on 31 August 2001.
 The series consisted of six episodes and concluded on 5 October 2001.
 Initially, "Absolutely Fabulous" was to end with the third series, then the final episodes, titled 'The Last Shout', consisting of two specials were created to serve as an official finale to the series.
 However, in 2000, Jennifer Saunders had created and written a television pilot for a proposed upcoming new series, "Mirrorball" in which she intended to reunite the cast of "Ab Fab" in new character roles and a different plot.
 Saunders, along with Joanna Lumley, Julia Sawalha, Jane Horrocks and June Whitfield returned for the pilot.
 A series was never produced.
 However, having the cast reunited for "Mirrorball" inspired Saunders to revive "Ab Fab" and a fourth series was produced.
 A Christmas special, 'Gay' (titled 'Absolutely Fabulous in New York' in the United States) was produced following the fourth series and was broadcast in 2002.
