Wind Telecom S.p.A. (former Weather Investments S.p.A), is a privately held telecommunications investment company previously 97% controlled by the Sawiris family (and Mr. Naguib Sawiris) and now owned by the multinational telecommunications company Veon (formerly VimpelCom).
BT Group plc (trading as BT) is a holding company which owns British Telecommunications plc, a British multinational telecommunications company with head offices in London, United Kingdom.
 It has operations in around 180 countries and is the largest provider of fixed-line, mobile and broadband services in the UK, and also provides subscription television and IT services.
Globacom Limited (or GLO) is a Nigerian multinational telecommunications company headquartered in Lagos.
 GLO is a privately owned telecommunications carrier that started operations on 29 August 2003.
 It currently operates in four countries in West Africa, namely Nigeria, Republic of Benin, Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire.
 As of June 2009, the company has employed more than 2,500 people worldwide.
Sasatel (Dovetel) was a telecommunications company with a unified national licence in Tanzania.
 Their licence was later revoked.
 The company rolled out a 3G wireless (based on Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA)) national network benefiting from the demand for data and broadband services to both high-end residential and corporate customers.
 ZTE (a Chinese multinational telecommunications equipment and systems company) is the supplier of the network infrastructure.
 Dovetel bundles its broadband offering with fixed voice services and offers limited mobility voice services to the low-end of the residential market in order to increase penetration beyond the traditional GSM target market for mobile voice.
 In addition to CDMA modems and routers, Sasatel offers WiMAX solutions providing greater bandwidth.
Motorola, Inc. ( ) was an American multinational telecommunications company founded on September 25, 1928, based in Schaumburg, Illinois.
 After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011.
 Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.
 Motorola Mobility was acquired by Lenovo in 2014.
Vodafone Group plc is a British multinational telecommunications company, with headquarters in London.
 It predominantly operates services in the regions of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Oceania.
Montgomery Woods State Natural Reserve is a 1,323-acre (535 ha) state-owned park located in the Coastal Range in Mendocino County, California, United States.
 The Reserve occupies the headwaters of Montgomery Creek, a tributary of Big River, which flows into the Pacific Ocean at Mendocino Headlands State Park.
 The virgin groves of Coast Redwood (Sequoia sempervirens) in Montgomery Woods are examples of a now rare upland riparian meadow habitat; most other preserved redwood groves are on broad alluvial plains.
 The Reserve is accessed from a parking area along Orr Springs Road 13 miles (21 km) west of Ukiah, California, or 15 miles (24 km) east of Comptche, California.
 A moderately steep trail from the parking area climbs uphill along Montgomery Creek about three-quarters of a mile.
 Once in the grove, the trail makes a meandering three mile (5 km) loop, with substantial use of boardwalks to protect the fragile forest floor.
 The reserve was initiated by a 9-acre (3.6 ha) donation from Robert Orr in 1945, with 765 acres (310 ha) donated since 1947 by the Save the Redwoods League.
Telenor Group (; ] or ] ) is a Norwegian mostly government-owned multinational telecommunications company headquartered at Fornebu in Bærum, close to Oslo.
 It is one of the world's largest mobile telecommunications companies with operations in Scandinavia, Eastern Europe and Asia.
 It has extensive broadband and TV distribution operations in four Nordic countries, and a 10-year-old research and business line for Machine-to-Machine technology.
 Telenor owns networks in 13 countries, and has operations in 29 countries if their 33% ownership in VimpelCom Ltd is included.
Madacom is a telecommunications and Internet service provider in Madagascar.
 It is owned by Celtel, an African multinational telecommunications company.
AT&T Inc. is an American multinational telecommunications conglomerate, headquartered at Whitacre Tower in downtown Dallas, Texas.
 AT&T is the world's largest telecommunications company.
 AT&T is the second largest provider of mobile telephone services and the largest provider of fixed telephone services in the United States, and also provides broadband subscription television services through DirecTV; combined with AT&T's legacy U-verse service, this also makes AT&T the largest pay television operator.
 AT&T is the second-largest company in Texas, behind ExxonMobil.
 s of February 2017 , AT&T is the 12th largest company in the world (non-oil and overall) as measured by a composite of revenues, profits, assets and market valuation.
 AT&T is the largest telecommunications company in the world by revenue.
 s of 2017 , it is also the 18th-largest mobile telecom operator in the world, with 134 million mobile customers.
 AT&T was ranked at #4 on the 2017 rankings of the world's most valuable brands published by Brand Finance.
