Chelsio Communications is a privately held technology company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California with a design center in Bangalore, India.
 Early venture capital funding came from Horizons Ventures, Invesco, Investor Growth Capital, NTT Finance, Vendanta Capital, Abacus Capital Group, Pacesetter Capital Group, and New Enterprise Associates.
Burn Standard Company Limited (BSCL) is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Government of India.
 Headquartered in Kolkata, India, BSCL is engaged mainly in railway wagon manufacturing under the Ministry of Railways.
 The company was formed with the merger of two companies – Burn & Company (founded 1781) and Indian Standard Wagon (founded 1918), and was nationalised in 1975.
 In fiscal 2006, the company reported aggregated revenues of million () .
 Subsequently, the company with its two engineering units at Howrah and Burnpur came under the administrative control of Ministry of Railways in September 2010.
 The refractory unit at Salem, Tamil Nadu, was transferred to Steel Authority of India Limited.
Dell'Orto is an Italian company, headquartered in Cabiate, specialized in the construction of carburetors and electronic injection systems.
 The company was founded in 1933 as "Società anonima Gaetano Dell'Orto e figli" (Gaetano Dell’Orto and Sons).
 Their first products were carburetors that came fitted as standard to new vehicles.
Tarkett S.A., known until 2008 as Sommer-Allibert S.A., is a French multinational corporation specialised in the production of floor and wall coverings.
 Headquartered in La Défense, near Paris, the present company was formed in October 1997 by the merging of two others: French Sommer-Allibert and German Tarkett AG.
 These two companies were in turn formed by the combination of various smaller companies in Sweden, Germany and France.
 The Tarkett name came from a product developed by a Swedish predecessor.
Headquartered at Flytårnet på Fornebu outside Oslo, the initiative for the station came from recording artist Øystein Sunde and radio veteran Tor Andersen of Radio P4.
 The Internet-only radio format comes following two rejections of application for land-based broadcasting licence in 2007 and 2008.
 The FM application was for the Oslo and Greater Oslo Region.
 When the company subsequently folded in 2009, Sunde with his family company owned 21.8% of the shares.
 Andersen and his partner with their company owned an equally big share.
 Artist Jonas Fjeld also held a 2.73% share of the company.
Concentrate Design creates products developed to help pupils concentrate at school.
 Founded in 2004, the company came to public note when its products were pitched on BBC's "Dragons' Den", and won investment from entrepreneur Peter Jones.
 It is headquartered in London.
bitComposer Interactive GmbH (commonly referred to as just bitComposer) is a video game publisher headquartered in Eschborn, Germany.
 Founded in March 2009 as bitComposer Games GmbH, the company focuses on PC, console, mobile, and online platforms.
 In December 2010, bitComposer founded the subsidiary bitComposer Online to focus on developing and distributing free-to-play online and browser games.
 bitComposer releases international and local titles in physical media and digital download formats.
 bitComposer was renamed to bitComposer Entertainment AG on 22 December 2011.
 bitComposer Entertainment continued to publish its PC, console and handheld titles under the bitComposer Games label.
 Following insolvency, the company was dissolved on 15 January 2015, but eventually came back together as bitComposer Interactive GmbH.
Albert Diamond Cohen, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} LLD (January 20, 1914 – November 21, 2011) was a Canadian entrepreneur, community builder, philanthropist, and Officer of the Order of Canada.
 He was Chairman, Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Gendis Inc. www.gendis.ca, a Toronto Stock Exchange listed Canadian real estate and investment company headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
 At one time, Gendis held a 51% stake in Sony of Canada and owned the SAAN Stores retail chain.
 He was married to Irena Cohen (née Kankova) from 1953 until his death, and they had three children: Anthony, James, and Anna-Lisa.
 He was the author of several books: "The Entrepreneurs: The Story of Gendis Inc"..."The Triangle of Success: The Gendis/Saan Story"..."The Story of SAAN"...and..."I.D.E.A." His latest and last book, published in the fall of 2010, was titled "Reminiscences of an Entrepreneur - How Sony came to Canada and then to the World in 1955".
 His interest and talent for writing stemmed out from his close personal friendship with the late British author Ian Fleming.
 He died peacefully at the age of 97 years, 10 months, in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
