Judith Ortiz Cofer (February 24, 1952 – December 30, 2016) was a Puerto Rican American author.
 Her critically acclaimed and award-winning work spans a range of literary genres including poetry, short stories, autobiography, essays, and young-adult fiction.
 Ortiz Cofer was the Emeritus Regents' and Franklin Professor of English and Creative Writing at the University of Georgia, where she taught undergraduate and graduate creative writing workshops for 26 years.
 In 2010, Ortiz Cofer was inducted into the Georgia Writers Hall of Fame, and in 2013, she won the University's 2014 Southeastern Conference Faculty Achievement Award.
Win Blevins (born October 21, 1938) is a New York Times Bestselling American author of historical fiction, narrative non-fiction, historical fantasy, and non-fiction books, as well as short stories, novellas, articles, reviews, and screenplays.
 He has written many books about the western mountain trappers, and is known for his "mastery of western lore."
 His notable works include Stone Song, So Wild a Dream, and Dictionary of the American West.
 According to WorldCat, the Dictionary of the American West is held in 728 libraries.
 Blevins has won numerous awards, including being named winner of the Owen Wister Award for Lifetime Achievement in writing literature of the West, being selected for the Western Writers Hall of Fame, being twice named 'Writer of the Year' by Wordcraft Circle of Native Writers, and winning two Spur Awards for Novel of the West.
The Nebula Award for Best Novel is given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) for science fiction or fantasy novels.
 A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a novel if it is 40,000 words or longer; awards are also given out for pieces of shorter lengths in the categories of short story, novelette, and novella.
 To be eligible for Nebula Award consideration a novel must be published in English in the United States.
 Works published in English elsewhere in the world are also eligible provided they are released on either a website or in an electronic edition.
 The Nebula Award for Best Novel has been awarded annually since 1966.
 Novels which were expanded forms of previously published short stories are eligible, as are novellas published by themselves if the author requests them to be considered as a novel.
 The award has been described as one of "the most important of the American science fiction awards" and "the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent" of the Emmy Awards.
Jay Cronley (November 9, 1943 – February 26, 2017) was an American newspaper columnist for the "Tulsa World" and the author of many works of humorous fiction, including "Fall Guy", "Good Vibes", "Quick Change", and "Funny Farm".
 Most of Cronley's work is out of print.
 Cronley became a member of the Oklahoma Writers Hall of Fame in 2002.
Melissa Fay Greene (born December 30, 1952) is an American nonfiction author.
 A 1975 graduate of Oberlin College, Greene is the author of six books of nonfiction, a two-time National Book Award finalist, and a 2011 inductee into the Georgia Writers Hall of Fame.
 Her books have been translated into 15 languages.
Dim Gray Bar Press was an independent publisher of letterpress limited edition books printed at The Center for Book Arts in New York City.
 Founded by Barry Magid in 1989, its first title was "Dialogue About A Hidden God," a translation of a work of Nicholas of Cusa by Thomas Merton.
 Subsequent works, handprinted in editions of usually 100 copies or less, included work by Martine Bellen, Wendell Berry, Eavan Boland, Guy Davenport, Sharon Dolin, Mark Doty, Jonathan Greene, Rachel Hadas, Andrew Hudgins, Jim Harrison, James Laughlin, William Matthews, Gerald Stern, Robert Stone, Charles Tomlinson, Jonathan Williams and William Carlos Williams.
 Magid also edited "Father Louie: Photographs of Thomas Merton by Ralph Eugene Meatyard" (Timken 1991) which included an introduction by Guy Davenport.
 The press ceased publication in 2000.
 Barry Magid is also a psychoanalyst and a Dharma heir to Charlotte Joko Beck in the Ordinary Mind Zen School.
The New York State Writers Hall of Fame or NYS Writers Hall of Fame is a project established in 2010 by the Empire State Center for the Book and the Empire State Book Festival and headquartered at the New York State Library in Albany, New York.
 The Hall of Fame was established "to highlight the rich literary heritage of the New York State and to recognize the legacy of individual New York State writers."
Franci Cerar is a Slovenian science fiction writer.
 His works were published in four numbers of Croatian science fiction magazine Sirius.
 One of his most popular works is short science fiction story "Umor targumskega diplomata" published in "6.
 MINI YU SIRIUS".
 His other works published in Sirius are "Izumi skromnega mladeniča", "Drugo rojstvo" and "Ubogi človek".
 All his works published in Sirius were translated from Slovenian to Croatian language by Krunoslav Poljak.
Claude Sheetz "Blinkey" Horn (August 28, 1885 – May 20, 1937) was an early 20th-century American sportswriter, known most for his work in the "Nashville Tennessean".
 He was a charter member of the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame in 1966.
 He was later inducted into the Tennessee Sports Writers Hall of Fame.
Wendell Erdman Berry (born August 5, 1934) is an American novelist, poet, environmental activist, cultural critic, and farmer.
 A prolific author, he has written many novels, short stories, poems, and essays.
 He is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers, a recipient of The National Humanities Medal, and the Jefferson Lecturer for 2012.
 He is also a 2013 Fellow of The American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
 Berry was named the recipient of the 2013 Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award.
 On January 28, 2015, he became the first living writer to be inducted into the Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame.
