Jackie Walker (born November 3, 1962) is a former an American football linebacker who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was the 28th player selected in the 1986 NFL Draft, the first player drafted in the second round of a year in which there were only 27 first-round picks.
 His selection was controversial, as he did not score particularly well in the pre-draft combines, and there were more-heralded linebackers still on the board.
 Walker attended Carroll High School in Monroe, Louisiana.
 He was a latecomer to organized sports, not playing football until high school coaches and his older brother convinced him to join the team in his senior year of high school.
 A quick and aggressive player, he was a starter all four years at Jackson State University, where he also played power forward for the basketball team.
 In his senior year, he led the team with 131 tackles, was named to two All-American teams, and was named Southwestern Athletic Conference Defensive Player of the Year.
 While the Buccaneers staff were impressed with his raw talent and saw him as a potential Ted Hendricks-type player, the fans were critical of the selection of a player with so little training and experience.
 Walker started only nine games for the Buccaneers, all in 1987.
 Although popular with teammates and a standout on special teams, he never worked his way into the regular lineup.
 Buccaneers coach Ray Perkins at one point toyed with the idea of taking advantage of his athleticism by converting him to tight end, but dropped the idea due to lack of interest from Walker.
 When Plan B free agency began in 1989, Walker was one of the players allowed to leave.
 He was signed by the New York Jets in 1989 after being left unprotected by the Buccaneers, but was cut from the Jets in training camp.
 He later played for the Cincinnati Rockers, Miami Hooters, and Orlando Predators of the Arena Football League.
The 2007–08 NBA season was the Atlanta Hawks' 59th season in the National Basketball Association, and 40th season in Atlanta.
 After missing the playoffs for eight straight seasons, the Hawks selected Al Horford out of the University of Florida with the third pick in the 2007 NBA draft.
 The Hawks started out the season by defeating the Dallas Mavericks 101–94 in their season opener, marking the first time they won their first game of the season since the 1999 lockout season.
 However, their struggles continued as they went on a six-game losing streak around the All-Star break.
 At midseason, the Hawks traded Tyronn Lue, Lorenzen Wright, Anthony Johnson and second-year forward Shelden Williams to the Sacramento Kings for Mike Bibby.
 The Hawks finished third in the Southeast Division with a 37–45 record, and made the playoffs for the first time since 1999.
 Joe Johnson was selected for the 2008 NBA All-Star Game, and Horford made the All-First Rookie Team.
 In the first round of the playoffs, they lost to the top-seeded Boston Celtics in seven games.
 Following the season, Josh Childress left to play overseas.
The 1970 NBA Expansion Draft was the fifth expansion draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held on May 11, 1970, so that the newly founded Buffalo Braves, Cleveland Cavaliers and Portland Trail Blazers could acquire players for the upcoming 1970–71 season.
 Buffalo, Cleveland and Portland had been awarded the expansion teams on February 6, 1970.
 The Braves later underwent several name changes and relocations before moving to Los Angeles.
 They are currently known as the Los Angeles Clippers.
 In an NBA expansion draft, new NBA teams are allowed to acquire players from the previously established teams in the league.
 Not all players on a given team are available during an expansion draft, since each team can protect a certain number of players from being selected.
 In this draft, each of the fourteen other NBA teams had protected seven players from their roster.
 After each round, where each of the expansion teams had selected one player each, the existing teams added another player to their protected list.
 In the first round, the Braves had the first pick, while the Blazers and the Cavaliers had the second and the third pick respectively.
 In the subsequent rounds, the Braves and the Cavaliers exchanged their order of selection, while the Blazers had the second pick throughout the draft.
 The draft continued until all three teams had selected eleven unprotected players each, while the existing teams had lost two or three players each.
Homer H. "Pop" Hazel (June 2, 1895 – February 3, 1968) was an American football player and coach.
 He played college football at Rutgers University in 1916 and again from 1923 to 1924.
 Considered an outstanding punter, kicker, and passer, he was selected as a first-team All-American as an end in 1923 and as a fullback in 1924.
 He was the first player selected as an All-American at two different positions.
 He also lettered in baseball, basketball and track at Rutgers.
Robert J. "Bob" Riley (born July 6, 1948) is an American former professional basketball player.
 He was selected in the 1970 NBA draft by the Atlanta Hawks with the 82nd overall pick, the same draft that the Hawks also selected future Hall of Fame player Pete Maravich with the third overall pick.
 Riley's NBA career last just seven games.
The 2001–02 NBA season was the Hawks' 53rd season in the National Basketball Association, and 34th season in Atlanta.
 In the 2001 NBA draft, the Hawks selected Spain basketball star Pau Gasol with the third pick, but soon traded him to the Memphis Grizzlies for Shareef Abdur-Rahim, then signed free agents Ira Newble and Jacque Vaughn during the offseason.
 Abdur-Rahim led the Hawks in scoring averaging 21.2 points per game, and was selected for the 2002 NBA All-Star Game.
 However, Theo Ratliff only played just three games due to an offseason hip injury.
 The Hawks struggled losing 12 of their 15 games in January as they held a 16–33 record before the All-Star break.
 However, they played around .500 for the remainder of the season while posting a 9–7 record in March.
 They showed slight improvement avoiding 50 losses by finishing sixth in the Central Division with a 33–49 record.
 Following the season, Toni Kukoč was traded to the Milwaukee Bucks, and Vaughn signed with the Orlando Magic.
The 1997–98 NBA season was the 52nd season for the Boston Celtics in the National Basketball Association.
 In the 1997 NBA draft, the Celtics selected Chauncey Billups out of the University of Colorado with the third pick.
 Billups only spent half of his rookie season in Boston, and was traded along with Dee Brown to the Toronto Raptors for Kenny Anderson at midseason.
 The Celtics also had the sixth pick in the draft and selected Ron Mercer from the University of Kentucky.
 In the offseason, they acquired second-year forward Walter McCarty from the New York Knicks and signed free agents Travis Knight, Andrew DeClercq and Bruce Bowen.
Don Michael "Mike" Farmer (born September 26, 1936) is a retired American basketball player and coach.
 A 6'7" forward, he was selected with the third pick in the 1958 NBA draft by the New York Knicks after a college career at the University of San Francisco.
 Farmer played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for a total of seven seasons with New York, the Cincinnati Royals, and the St. Louis Hawks.
 In 1966, he coached nine games for the Baltimore Bullets.
The 1976 NBA draft was the 30th annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held on June 8, 1976, before the 1976–77 season.
 In this draft, 18 NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.
 The first two picks in the draft belonged to the teams that finished last in each conference, with the order determined by a coin flip.
 The Atlanta Hawks won the coin flip and were awarded the first overall pick, while the Chicago Bulls were awarded the second pick.
 The Hawks then traded the first pick to the Houston Rockets before the draft.
 The remaining first-round picks and the subsequent rounds were assigned to teams in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season.
 The New York Knicks forfeited their first-round draft pick due to their illegal signing of George McGinnis whose rights were held by the Philadelphia 76ers.
 The 76ers, the Golden State Warriors and the Buffalo Braves also forfeited their second, third and fourth-round pick respectively due to their participation in 1975 supplementary draft American Basketball Association (ABA) players who had never been drafted in the NBA.
 A player who had finished his four-year college eligibility was eligible for selection.
 If a player left college early, he would not be eligible for selection until his college class graduated.
 Before the draft, 26 college underclassmen were declared eligible for selection under the "hardship" rule.
 13 of them withdrew before the draft, leaving only 13 early entry candidates eligible for selection.
 These players had applied and gave evidence of financial hardship to the league, which granted them the right to start earning their living by starting their professional careers earlier.
 The draft consisted of 10 rounds comprising the selection of 173 players.
 On August 8, 1976, the league also hosted a Dispersal draft for ABA players from the Kentucky Colonels and Spirits of St. Louis, who were not included in the ABA–NBA merger.
Alfred Joel Horford Reynoso (born June 3, 1986) is a Dominican professional basketball player for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 He played college basketball for the University of Florida, and was the starting center on the Florida Gators teams that won back-to-back NCAA national championships in 2006 and 2007.
 He was drafted with the third overall pick in the 2007 NBA draft by the Atlanta Hawks, a team he played nine seasons with before joining the Celtics in 2016.
 He also represents the Dominican Republic national team.
