KPXB-TV, virtual channel 49 (UHF digital channel 32), is an Ion Television owned-and-operated television station serving Houston, Texas, United States that is licensed to the suburb of Conroe.
 The station is owned by Ion Media Networks.
 KPXB maintains offices located adjacent to Sam Houston Parkway and I-45 on Houston's northwest side (near Aldine), and its transmitter is located in unincorporated northeastern Fort Bend County (near Missouri City).
Northline is a community district located in North Houston, Texas near I-45.
 It is east of Acres Homes and South of Aldine.
 The area is mostly a Hispanic Community.
 The main roads are Airline Drive and Little York Road.
 Northline Mall used to be located in the area.
Deerbrook Mall is a 1200000 sqft mall located in the northern Houston suburb of Humble.
 It is at the major intersection of I-69/US 59 and FM 1960, near George Bush Intercontinental Airport.
 Deerbrook Mall is classified as a super-regional mall and is the only mall (for now) in suburban Northeast Houston.
 The mall is anchored by Macy's, Dillard's, Sears, Dick's Sporting Goods, Forever 21, and JCPenney.
 The mall is in the middle of Humble's entertainment complex which includes restaurants, other shopping outlets, movie theaters, as well as communities, which creates heavy traffic and congestion during traffic rush hour and weekend rushes.
 Deerbrook is owned by General Growth Properties of Chicago, Illinois.
Willowbrook Mall is a regional shopping mall located in the Willowbrook area of Houston, Texas that opened in 1981.
 Located at the intersection of State Highway 249 and FM 1960, the enclosed, single-level mall houses 160 retail stores and six anchors (Dick's Sporting Goods, Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's, Nordstrom Rack, and Sears).
 The mall is owned by General Growth Properties and among the five largest Houston-area retail developments based on net rentable area, ranking third in 2000, and is considered a major retailing center of northwest Houston.
 The mall targets 954,920 residents in the northwestern Greater Houston region, which is projected to increase to 1,104,755 residents within 5 years.
Interstate 45 (I-45) is an interstate highway located entirely within the U.S. state of Texas.
 While most interstate routes ending in five are cross-country north-south routes, I-45 is comparatively short, with the entire route located in Texas.
 It connects the cities of Dallas and Houston, continuing southeast from Houston to Galveston over the Galveston Causeway to the Gulf of Mexico.
Pine Valley is a neighborhood in Houston, Texas, located at the crossing of I-45 and the 610 South Loop and ends at Long Drive.
 It is the 3rd Biggest Super-Neighborhood Of Southeast Houston.
 It is divided into two territories by a railroad located at Griggs St. and by two notourious gangs: Pine Valley Crips (PVC) and Puro Vatos Locos (PVL).
 The southernmost part being controlled by the Crips and the northernmost part by PVL.
Almeda Mall is a shopping mall located in the Southeast side of Houston, Texas on Interstate 45.
 The mall opened in 1966.
Eastern Hills Mall is a shopping mall located at the western border of the Town of Clarence in Erie County, New York, United States.
 It lies on Transit Road (New York State Route 78, a 73.49-mile state highway), which in the vicinity of the mall, divides Clarence, New York from the town of Amherst, New York east of (Buffalo, New York).
 The mall is north of the junction of NY-78 with NY-5, and Main Street.
 The name "Eastern Hills" refers to the very low hills that contribute to a slightly higher elevation than the bordering areas along the Onondaga Escarpment.
 Eastern Hills Mall is part of a long commercial strip on Transit Road.
 It consists of two long wings running north and south and one short wing running east and west, which connects the north-south wings in a "double L-shaped" formation.
 A major department store is at the end of each wing.
 A food court is located adjacent to the end of the long south wing.
 A three-screen movie theater showing mainly independent films is also located in the mall, as well as a small New York State Department of Motor Vehicles office.
 Surrounding the mall is a large, but generally unkept, parking lot.
 The ratio of the mall is so large, it provides the highest parking ratio of any Buffalo area mall.
 Much of the parking lot space is leased to area car dealerships to store overstock vehicles due to the low volume of shoppers at the mall.
 Eastern Hills Mall is currently at approximately 70% occupancy, with many vacant stores throughout the mall and popular anchor store Dave & Busters shuttering its doors in 2015 to move to the nearby Walden Galleria.
 Eastern Hills is considered by many area residents to be a "dead mall" and is listed on the website Deadmalls.com.
 Most major and nationally recognized retailers have left and been replaced by independently owned "mom-and-pop" type stores, selling crafts and homemade goods.
 It is common for retailers to open and close within their first few months, unable to turn a profit due to the low volume of shoppers that still visit Eastern Hills Mall.
PlazAmericas, formerly known as Sharpstown Mall and earlier Sharpstown Center, is a shopping mall located in the Sharpstown development in Greater Sharpstown, Houston, Texas.
 The mall is located on the northwest corner of Interstate 69/U.S. Route 59 and Bellaire Boulevard.
 This is the third mall to be built in Houston after Gulfgate Mall opened in 1956 and Meyerland Plaza in 1957, but the first fully air-conditioned mall in Houston.
 The area includes the Jewelry Exchange Center, a ten story building.
 After the mall was renamed PlazAmericas, it took a Latin American theme and catered to Hispanics.
State Highway 35, or SH 35, is a largely north–south highway in southeastern and southern Texas between Houston, junction of I-45 on the southeast side of the city and Corpus Christi, where it terminates at I-37.
