Angelique Kerber was the defending champion, but lost in the first round to Naomi Osaka.
 This loss would cause Kerber to fall outside the top ten in the WTA rankings for the first time since 2015.
Amélie Mauresmo won her first Wimbledon title, defeating Justine Henin-Hardenne in the final, 2–6, 6–3, 6–4.
 It was her second and last Grand Slam title, having won the Australian Open earlier in the year.
 Mauresmo also became the first French woman to win Wimbledon since Suzanne Lenglen in 1925.
 With her loss, Henin-Hardenne missed the chance of completing a career Grand Slam.
Angelique Kerber (] ; born 18 January 1988) is a German professional tennis player and former world No. 1.
 Having made her professional debut in 2003, Kerber rose to prominence upon reaching the semifinals of the 2011 US Open as the no. 92 ranked player in the world.
 She ascended to the top of the rankings on 12 September 2016, thus becoming the twenty-second and oldest player to achieve the number one ranking for the first time and the first new number one player since Victoria Azarenka in 2012.
Nikolai Yefimovich Andrianov (Russian: Николай Ефимович Андрианов , 14 October 1952 – 21 March 2011) was a Soviet/Russian gymnast.
 He held the record for men for the most Olympic medals at 15 (7 gold medals, 5 silver medals, 3 bronze medals) until Michael Phelps surpassed him at the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics.
 Andrianov is the third athlete (male or female) in cumulative Olympic medals after Phelps's 28 and Larisa Latynina, who earned 18.
 Andrianov won the most medals at the 1976 Summer Olympics with 6 individual medals and one team medal.
 Within the sport of Men's Artistic Gymnastics, he also holds the men's record for most individual Olympic medals (12) and shares the male record for most individual Olympic gold medals in gymnastics (6), tied with Boris Shakhlin and Dmitry Bilozerchev (the latter of which only if you count the 1984 Alternate Olympics).
 In many other rankings among all-time medal winners at the Olympic, World, and European levels, he ranks very high, (for example, he is second only to Vitaly Scherbo in total individual medal counts at either the gold level or any level at the combined Olympic and World levels as well as at the combined Olympic, World, and European levels) – easily making him one of the most decorated gymnasts of all time.
Serena Williams was the defending champion and successfully defended her title, defeating Angelique Kerber in the final, 7–5, 6–3.
 By winning her seventh Wimbledon title, Williams equaled Steffi Graf's Open Era record of 22 major singles titles.
 This was also the first time two women contested two major finals against one another in a single season since Amélie Mauresmo and Justine Henin-Hardenne met in the 2006 Australian Open and Wimbledon finals.
Svetlana Kuznetsova and Amélie Mauresmo were the defending champions, but Mauresmo retired from the sport on December 3, 2009.
Ágnes Keleti (born Ágnes Klein, 9 January 1921) is a Hungarian-Israeli retired Olympic and world champion artistic gymnast and coach.
 While representing Hungary in the Summer Olympics, she won 10 Olympic medals including five gold medals, three silver medals, and two bronze medals, and is considered to be one of the most successful Jewish Olympic athletes of all time.
 Keleti holds more Olympic medals than any other individual with Israeli citizenship, and more Olympic medals than any other Jew, except Mark Spitz.
 She was the most successful athlete at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
 In 1957, Keleti immigrated to Israel, where she currently resides.
This is a list of the main career statistics of German professional tennis player, Angelique Kerber.
 To date, Kerber has won ten WTA singles titles including two grand slam singles titles at the 2016 Australian Open and 2016 US Open and at least one title on each playing surface (hard, clay and grass).
 She was also the runner-up at the 2016 Wimbledon Championships and a Silver medalist at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics.
 Kerber became the world No. 1 for the first time in her career on 12 September 2016.
The 2016 Angelique Kerber tennis season officially began on 5 January with the start of the 2016 Brisbane International.
 Kerber entered the season as the number 10 ranked player and the defending champion at four tournaments.
Serena Williams was the defending champion, and attempting for the second time to equal Steffi Graf's career record of 22 major singles titles.
 She lost in the final to Angelique Kerber, 4–6, 6–3, 4–6.
 Kerber became the first woman to win a singles major title after having saved a match point in the first round, which she did against Misaki Doi.
 She is also the first German of either sex to win a major since Graf at the 1999 French Open.
