Land Arts of the American West is a studio-based field program that seeks to construct an expanded definition of land art through direct experience connecting the full range of human interventions in the landscape—from pre-contact indigenous to contemporary practice.
 Land art includes everything from constructing a road, to taking a walk, building a monument, and leaving a mark in the sand.
 The program seeks to expand upon connections between typically separate fields.
 Each fall we spend two months camping while traveling 7,000 miles to engage sites that range from the CLUI complex at Wendover, Utah to the pottery culture at Mata Ortiz, Mexico, from earth works like Robert Smithson's Spiral Jetty to archeological sites like Chaco Canyon.
 We learn from the fact that Donald Judd surrounded himself with both contemporary sculpture and Navajo rugs; that Chaco Canyon and Roden Crater function as celestial instruments; and that the Very Large Array is a scientific research center with a powerful aesthetic presence on the land.
 We spend the semester living and working in the landscape with guest scholars that expand the range of our definition in disciplines including archeology, art history, architecture, ceramics, criticism, writing, design, and studio art.
 The immersive nature of how we experience the landscape triggers an amalgamated body of inquiry where students have the opportunity of time and space to develop authority in their work through direct action and reflection.
 Land Arts hinges on the primacy of first person experience and the realization that human-land relationships are rarely singular.
Justice is the legal or philosophical theory by which fairness is administered.
 The concept of justice differs in every culture.
 An early theory of justice was set out by the Ancient Greek philosopher Plato in his work "The Republic".
 Advocates of divine command theory argue that justice issues from God.
 In the 17th century, theorists like John Locke argued for the theory of natural law.
 Thinkers in the social contract tradition argued that justice is derived from the mutual agreement of everyone concerned.
 In the 19th century, utilitarian thinkers including John Stuart Mill argued that justice is what has the best consequences.
 Theories of distributive justice concern what is distributed, between whom they are to be distributed, and what is the "proper" distribution.
 Egalitarians argued that justice can only exist within the coordinates of equality.
 John Rawls used a social contract argument to show that justice, and especially distributive justice, is a form of fairness.
 Property rights theorists (like Robert Nozick) take a deontological view of distributive justice and argue that property rights-based justice maximizes the overall wealth of an economic system.
 Theories of retributive justice are concerned with punishment for wrongdoing.
 Restorative justice (also sometimes called "reparative justice") is an approach to justice that focuses on restoring what is good, and necessarily focuses on the needs of victims and offenders.
The Panther (subtitled: "In Jardin des Plantes, Paris") is a poem by Rainer Maria Rilke written on 6 November 1902.
 It describes a captured panther behind bars, as it was exhibited in the Ménagerie of the Jardin des Plantes in Paris.
 It is one of Rilke's most famous poems and has been translated into English many times, including by many distinguished translators of Rilke, like Stephen Mitchell, C. F. MacIntyre, J. B. Leishman and Walter Arndt,Jessie Lamont and poets like Robert Bly.
The Reform movement was rudimentary at the time, the result of loose coalitions that formed around contentious issues.
 Support was gained in Parliament through petitions meant to sway MPs.
 However, organized Reform activity emerged in the 1830s when Reformers, like Robert Randal, Jesse Ketchum, Peter Perry, Marshall Spring Bidwell, and Dr. William Warren Baldwin, began to emulate the organizational forms of the British Reform Movement, and organized Political Unions under the leadership of William Lyon Mackenzie.
 The British Political Unions had successfully petitioned for the Great Reform Act of 1832 that eliminated much political corruption in the English Parliamentary system.
 Those who adopted these new forms of public mobilization for democratic reform in Upper Canada were inspired by the more radical Owenite Socialists who led the British Chartist and Mechanics Institute movements.
Robert Parish (born August 30, 1953) is an American retired basketball center.
 He was known for his strong defense, his high arcing jump shooting, and his clutch rebounding late in games.
 Robert Parish was elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2003.
 In 1996, Parish was also named as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History.
 His nickname was The Chief, after the fictitious Chief Bromden, a silent, giant Native American character in the film "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest".
 According to Parish, former Celtics forward Cedric Maxwell gave him this nickname because of his stoic nature.
 He played an NBA-record 1,611 regular season games in his career.
Matthew Marks is an art gallery located in the New York City neighborhood of Chelsea and the Los Angeles neighborhood of West Hollywood.
 Founded in 1991 by Matthew Marks, it specializes in modern and contemporary art in a variety of media, including: painting, sculpture, photography, installation art, film, and drawings and prints.
 It represents established artists like Ellsworth Kelly and Jasper Johns and a younger generation of artists like Robert Gober and Nan Goldin.
 The gallery has three exhibition spaces in New York City and two in Los Angeles.
Kerċem Ajax Football Club is a Gozitan, Malta, football club from the village of Kerċem, which currently plays in the Gozo First Division.
 Kercem Ajax have won the Gozitan Second Division 2011–2012 season with 50 points and being unbeaten for the whole season.
 Ajax have also won the other two competitions in Gozitan football related to the Second Division category that is the Second Division Knock Out against Munxar Falcons with the score of 2-0 and the Second Division Super Cup against Munxar Falcons with the score of 7–0.
 Now Ajax have won promotion to Gozo's First Division for the season 2012–2013.
 They managed to get over Nadur Youngsters in 2013 by winning the GFA Cup, leaving the whites with the dream to lift all Gozo 5 trophies.
 The Greens also introduced to the Maltese football players like Alfred Effiong and Jeremiah Ani apart from former international players like Stoyko Sakaliev.
 Kercem rivals are Nadur Youngsters and Victoria Hotspurs.
Pyramid Valley is a limestone rock formation near Waikari in the North Canterbury region of New Zealand.
 It lies 80 km north-west of Christchurch.
 On the foot of the valley is a swamp which became notable in 1939 as New Zealand's largest paleontological site for moa fossils.
 In 1938 the landowners Joseph and Rob Hodgen found three large bones of Dinornis giganteus while they buried a dead horse in the swamp.
 They opened this area for excavations and in the early 1940s fossil hunters like Robert Falla, Roger Duff, Robert Cushman Murphy, Jim Eyles, Ron Scarlett and many others began their research work at this site and unearthed the remains of long extinct birds including more than 183 complete moa skeletons and tens of thousands of fossil bone fragments from about 46 species of Modern birds.
 The swamp was formed around 18,000 BC and became drained c. 2,000 years ago.
 It provided a lush vegetation which attracted five different moa species.
Ileana Sonnabend (née Schapira, born October 29, 1914, Bucharest, Romania, died October 21, 2007, New York City) was a dealer of 20th-century art.
 The Sonnabend Gallery opened in Paris in 1962 and was instrumental in making American art of the 1960s known in Europe, with an emphasis on American Pop Art.
 In 1970, Sonnabend Gallery opened in New York on Madison Avenue and in 1971 relocated to 420 West Broadway in SoHo where it was one of the major protagonists that made SoHo the international art center it remained until the early 1990s.
 The gallery was instrumental in making European art of the 1970s known in America, with an emphasis on European conceptual art and Arte Povera.
 It also presented American conceptual and minimal art of the 1970s.
 In 1986, the so-called “Neo-Geo” show introduced, among others, the artist Jeff Koons.
 In the late 1990s, the gallery moved to Chelsea and continues to be active after Sonnabend's death.
 The gallery goes on showing the work of artists who rose to prominence in the 1960s and 1970s like Robert Morris, Bernd and Hilla Becher and Gilbert & George as well as more recent artists like Jeff Koons, Rona Pondick, Candida Höfer, Elger Esser, and Clifford Ross among others.
There are three general ways of deploying the washboard for use as an instrument.
 The first, mainly used by American players like Washboard Chaz of the Washboard Chaz Blues Trio and Ralf Reynolds of the Reynolds Brothers Rhythm Rascals, is to drape it vertically down the chest.
 The second, used by European players like David Langlois of the Blue Vipers of Brooklyn and Stephane Seva of Paris Washboard, is to hold it horizontally across the lap, or, for more complex setups, to mount it horizontally on a purpose-built stand.
 The third (and least common) method, used by Washboard Sam and Deryck Guyler, is to hold it in a perpendicular orientation between the legs while seated, so that both sides of the board might be played at the same time.
