Leon Eric "Kix" Brooks III (born May 12, 1955) is an American country music artist, actor, and film producer best known for being one half of the duo Brooks & Dunn and host of radio's "American Country Countdown".
 Prior to the duo's foundation, he was a singer and songwriter, charting twice on Hot Country Songs and releasing an album for Capitol Records.
 Brooks and Ronnie Dunn comprised Brooks & Dunn for 20 years, with both members beginning solo careers.
 Brooks's solo career after Brooks & Dunn has included the album "New to This Town".
"Step by Step" is a song written and originally recorded by singer Annie Lennox, later a cross over pop hit by R&B/pop singer Whitney Houston.
 The song served as the second single from Houston's 1996 soundtrack album, "The Preacher's Wife".
 Lennox's recording originally appeared as the B-side to her 1992 single "Precious" Largely, Houston's version replaces Lennox's verses with new lyrics and omits portions from the bridge as well.
 Annie Lennox also provides background vocals in Houston's rendition.
Ronnie Gene Dunn (born June 1, 1953) is an American country music singer-songwriter and record executive.
 In 2011, Dunn began working as a solo artist following the breakup of Brooks & Dunn.
 He released his self-titled debut album for Arista Nashville on June 7, 2011, reaching the Top 10 with its lead-off single "Bleed Red".
 In 2013, after leaving Arista Nashville in 2012, Dunn founded Little Will-E Records.
 On April 8, 2014, Ronnie Dunn released his second solo album, "Peace, Love, and Country Music" through his own Little Will-E Records.
Peace, Love, and Country Music is the second solo studio album by country music artist Ronnie Dunn.
 The album was released on April 8, 2014 via Dunn's own record label Little Will-E Records.
 "Peace, Love, and Country Music" is Dunn's first solo release since 2011's "Ronnie Dunn" released on Arista Nashville.
The Annie Lennox Collection is the first greatest hits album by the Scottish singer-songwriter Annie Lennox.
 It was released on 9 March 2009 and contains two brand-new songs, "Shining Light", originally a song by Ash, and a cover version of Keane's B-side "Closer Now", retitled "Pattern of My Life".
 The artwork was shot by the rock singer Bryan Adams.
"Bleed Red" is a song written by Tommy Lee James and Andrew Dorff, and recorded by American country music singer Ronnie Dunn.
 The song is Dunn's first solo release after Brooks & Dunn disbanded in 2010.
 "Bleed Red" was released to country radio on January 31, 2011.
 It is intended to be the lead-off single from Dunn's first solo album, "Ronnie Dunn".
 He had previously released three singles: "It's Written All Over Your Face", "She Put the Sad in All His Songs", and "Jessie"; with the first two singles charting to number 59 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.
Ronnie Dunn is the debut solo studio album from country music artist Ronnie Dunn.
 The album was released on June 7, 2011, via Arista Nashville.
 The album is Dunn's first release of music in nearly 25 years; he released three singles in the 1980s without issuing an album.
Polyrically Uncorrect is the tenth studio album, and fourteenth album release overall, by American country music parodist Cledus T. Judd.
 It was released on June 30, 2009 via E1 Music.
 It includes the singles "Waitin' on Obama", "Garth Must Be Busy" and "(If I Had) Kellie Pickler's Boobs".
 The album includes guest vocals from Ashton Shepherd, Ronnie Dunn, Jamey Johnson, Terry Eldredge (of The Grascals), Colt Ford and Daryle Singletary.
 Chris Neal of "Country Weekly" gave the album three stars out of five, citing the Ronnie Dunn collaboration as a standout track.
"Mama Don't Get Dressed Up For Nothing" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn.
 It was released in September 1996 as the third single from their CD "Borderline", and their eighteenth single overall.
 The song received moderate success on the US Country chart, where it peaked at number 13, while it was a number 8 hit in Canada.
 It was the first single the duo released that missed the US country top 10, breaking a streak of 17 straight top 10 entries; the next eight singles Brooks and Dunn released after this would also make the country top 10.
 This is the fourth single to feature Kix Brooks on lead vocals instead of Ronnie Dunn.
 Kix and Ronnie wrote this song, along with Don Cook.
"Pattern of My Life" is the second and last single released from Annie Lennox's first greatest hits album "The Annie Lennox Collection".
 The song is a cover version of "Closer Now" by Keane which was a b-side to their debut single "Call Me What You Like".
 Lennox retitled the song, referring to a lyric in the song.
 This single was released on 24 May 2009 in the United Kingdom.
