The Battle of Olongapo was fought September 18–23, 1899, during the Philippine–American War.
 The battle featured both land and sea fighting, of which the objective was the destruction of the single Filipino artillery gun in Olongapo, a menace to American ships crossing the nearby sea.
The Battle of Kuwait International Airport occurred on February 27, 1991 during the 1st Gulf War.
 It was a tank battle between the United States and Ba'athist Iraq.
 Despite being a very large battle it is often overlooked compared to the other battles which took place during the war.
 No less than elements of 18 divisions total participated in this battle.
 U.S. Army Special Forces units and multiple Iraqi Commando units were also in theatre.
 In reality the battle took place over a span of three days despite the primary battle at Kuwait International Airport lasting only one day.
 Much of the combat actually took place en route to the airport.
 The battle featured the "Reveille Engagement" which went on to become the biggest and fastest tank battle in United States Marine Corps' entire history.
Lame Deer (died 1877) (Miniconjou Lakota), was a Wakpokinyan band leader (vice chief).
 This group of Lakota were opposed to agreeing to the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie, which required the Lakota to cede much of their territory to the United States.
 He was present at the 1876 Battle of the Greasy Grass, also known as the Battle of the Little Bighorn, where the combined Lakota and allied forces dealt an overwhelming defeat to United States forces.
The Naval Battle of Campeche took place on April 30, 1843, and May 16, 1843.
 The battle featured the most advanced warships of its day, including the Mexican steamer "Guadalupe" and the equally formidable "Moctezuma" which engaged a squadron of vessels from the Republic of Yucatan and the Republic of Texas.
 The latter force consisted of the Texas Navy flagship sloop-of-war "Austin", commanded by Commodore Edwin Ward Moore, the brig "Wharton", and several schooners and five gunboats from the Republic of Yucatán, commanded by former Texas Navy Captain James D. Boylan.
 Texas had declared its independence in 1836 but by 1843 Mexico had refused to recognize it.
 In Yucatán, a similar rebellion had begun and was fought off-and-on from 1836 to 1846.
 The battle ended in a combined Yucatecan and Texan victory.
The Battle of Congaree Creek was a four-hour action that took place in the waning days of the American Civil War, fought in Lexington County, South Carolina, on February 15, 1865, just south of Columbia.
 The battle featured the Union's Army of the Tennessee against the Confederacy's Army of Tennessee meeting at a half-mile-long earthwork erected by Southern forces near the Old State Road Bridge over Congaree Creek.
 Confederate General George Dibrell's dismounted cavalry brigade, supported by infantry and artillery, manned the earthworks, but General Charles Woods' 1st Division of General John A. Logan's XV Corps pushed skirmishers ahead while one of Woods' brigades crossed upstream and turned the Southerners' right flank.
 Dibrell's force withdrew from Congaree Creek and then from its earthworks, retreating to Columbia.
 Though the Confederates set fire to the bridge, the Federals saved it and made their camp nearby that night, according to a historical marker erected at the site by the 15th Regiment S.C. Volunteer Camp of the Sons of Confederate Veterans.
The Battle of Ezra Church, also known as the Battle of Ezra Chapel and the Battle of the Poor House was fought on July 28, 1864, in Fulton County, Georgia, during the American Civil War.
 Part of the Atlanta Campaign, the battle featured Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman's Union Army of the Tennessee against the Army of Tennessee, commanded by Lt. Gen. John B. Hood, which was defending the Confederate stronghold of Atlanta, Georgia.
The Other Magpie was a Crow woman who fought in the Battle of the Rosebud on the side of General Crook against the Sioux and Cheyenne.
 Pretty Shield, a Crow author and medicine woman, described her as being wild and attractive, but not having a man.
 She fought because her brother had recently been killed by the Sioux and she sought revenge against them.
 Most of the Crow carried rifles, but The Other Magpie carried only her belt knife and her coup stick.
 She counted coup on a Sioux warrior and eventually killed and scalped him.
 The scalp that she took was one of only eleven taken in the battle.
 Pretty Shield described her as having tied a feather on the end of her coup stick to symbolize her achievement.
 Later, she cut the scalp into pieces and gave them to the male warriors so they would have more scalps for the dance after the battle.
William McAndrew "Bill" Groethe (born November 2, 1923) is the photographer who took the famous pictures on September 2, 1948, of the last eight survivors of the 1876 Battle of the Little Bighorn.
The Second Battle of Caloocan, alternately called the Second Battle of Manila, was fought from February 22 to 24, 1899, in Caloocan during the Philippine–American War.
 The battle featured a Filipino counterattack aimed at gaining Manila from the Americans.
 This counterattack failed to regain Manila mainly because of lack of coordination among Filipino units and lack of artillery support.
The Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation (Tsėhéstáno in Cheyenne, formerly named the Tongue River Indian Reservation) is home of the federally recognized Northern Cheyenne Tribe.
 Located in southeastern Montana, the reservation is approximately 444,000 acres in size and home to approximately 5,000 Cheyenne people.
 The tribal and government headquarters are in Lame Deer, which is also the home of the annual Northern Cheyenne Pow wow.
 The reservation is bounded on the east by the Tongue River and on the west by the Crow Reservation.
 There are small parcels of non-contiguous off-reservation trust lands in Meade County, South Dakota, northeast of the city of Sturgis.
 Its timbered ridges that extend into northwestern South Dakota are part of Custer National Forest and it is approximately 40 mi east of the site of the 1876 Battle of the Greasy Grass (known to most Americans as the Battle of the Little Bighorn).
