DeSean William Jackson (born December 1, 1986) is an American football wide receiver for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL).
 He played college football for the University of California, Berkeley, where he was recognized as a consensus All-American.
 He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the second round of the 2008 NFL Draft, and played for the Washington Redskins for three seasons after his departure from the Eagles.
 Jackson has been selected to the Pro Bowl three times, and was the first player selected to the Pro Bowl at two different positions in the same year when he was named to the 2010 Pro Bowl as a wide receiver and return specialist.
The 1995 Pro Bowl was the NFL's all-star game for the 1994 season.
 The game was played on February 5, 1995, at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii.
 The final Score was AFC 41, NFC 13.
 This was the AFC's largest margin of victory since the AFL-NFL merger.
 Rookie Marshall Faulk of the Indianapolis Colts rushed for a Pro Bowl record 180 yards and was the game's MVP.
 Chris Warren added 127 yards rushing as the AFC posted records for rushing yards (400) and total yards (552).
 Both Warren and Faulk broke the Pro Bowl rushing record, formerly held by O.J. Simpson.
The 1958 Pro Bowl was the NFL's eighth annual all-star game which featured the outstanding performers from the 1957 season.
 The game was played on January 12, 1958, at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, California in front of 66,634 fans.
 The West squad defeated the East by a score of 26–7.
Merlin Jay Olsen ( ; September 15, 1940 – March 11, 2010) was an American football player, announcer, and actor.
 He played his entire 15-year professional football career in National Football League (NFL) as a defensive tackle with the Los Angeles Rams.
 He was selected to the Pro Bowl a record 14 straight times, missing selection only in the last year of his career.
 This record of 14 seasons selected to play in the Pro Bowl, consecutive or otherwise, is current and shared with former offensive lineman Bruce Matthews, former tight end Tony Gonzalez, and former quarterback Peyton Manning.
 A recipient of the 1961 Outland Trophy as the best lineman in college football, Olsen is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame and the College Football Hall of Fame.
 As an actor, he portrayed farmer Jonathan Garvey on "Little House on the Prairie".
 After leaving that series, he starred in his own NBC drama, "Father Murphy".
The Trinidad and Tobago Pro Bowl, or commonly known as the Digicel Pro Bowl for sponsorship reasons, is a knockout football tournament for teams in the TT Pro League.
 The competition is played during May following the conclusion of the Pro League season.
 The Pro Bowl began without a sponsor during the competitions's first two years.
 It was not until 2006, when Courts began providing monetary prizes, that the tournament had its first sponsor.
 Following a pullout by Courts after three years, Digicel became the new branding partner of the competition.
 The prize money for the winner, as announced by TT Pro League CEO Dexter Skeene, is determined by the players, the clubs and the communities.
 With this programme the communities are expected to adopt the clubs and pledge their support to them during the tournament.
 The prize money will be the amount received from gate receipts and TT$100,000, courtesy of tournament sponsors Digicel.
The 2017 Pro Bowl (branded as the 2017 Pro Bowl presented by Aquafina for sponsorship reasons) was the National Football League's all-star game for the 2016 season which was played at Camping World Stadium in Orlando, Florida on January 29, 2017.
 The game was the first in a three-year deal to host the Pro Bowl in Orlando, which also included cross-promotional events (such as a newly-established skills competition) held at the Walt Disney World Resort (which is owned by the parent company of the game's broadcaster, ESPN).
The 2013 Trinidad and Tobago Pro Bowl was the ninth season of the "Digicel Pro Bowl", which is a knockout football tournament for Trinidad and Tobago teams competing in the TT Pro League.
 For the third consecutive season, the Pro Bowl concluded the Pro League calendar.
 Additionally, for the second year the winner of the Pro Bowl was invited to compete in the Digicel Charity Shield to open the 2013–14 Pro League season.
 Defence Force entered as the Pro Bowl holders having defeated Caledonia AIA by a score of 5–2 in the 2012 final in Hasely Crawford Stadium.
 The competition commenced on 17 May with all eight Pro League teams competing in single elimination beginning in the quarterfinals and concluded on 29 May with the final.
The 2014 Trinidad and Tobago Pro Bowl is the tenth season of the "Digicel Pro Bowl", which is a knockout football tournament for Trinidad and Tobago teams competing in the TT Pro League.
 For the fourth consecutive season, the Pro Bowl concluded the Pro League calendar.
 Additionally, for the third year the winner of the Pro Bowl was invited to compete in the Digicel Charity Shield to open the 2014–15 Pro League season.
 W Connection entered as the Pro Bowl holders having defeated North East Stars by a score of 4–3 in a penalty shootout after the match ended in 0–0 in regulation during the 2013 final in Hasely Crawford Stadium.
 The competition commenced on 2 May with all nine Pro League teams competing in single elimination beginning with the qualifying round and concluded on 23 May with the final.
The 2012 Trinidad and Tobago Charity Shield (known as the "Digicel Charity Shield" for sponsorship reasons) was the inaugural edition of the Charity Shield, which was a football match that opened the 2012–13 TT Pro League season.
 The match was played at Manny Ramjohn Stadium in Marabella on 8 September 2012, between the winners of the previous season's Pro League and Pro Bowl competitions.
 The match was contested by the 2012 Digicel Pro Bowl winners, Defence Force, and the champions of the 2011–12 Pro League, W Connection.
 The "Savonetta Boys" won the match 2–0 with goals from Shahdon Winchester and Joevin Jones, who was later named the "Man of the Match".
The 2013 Trinidad and Tobago Charity Shield (known as the "Digicel Charity Shield" for sponsorship reasons) was the second edition of the Charity Shield, which is a football match that opened the 2013–14 Pro League season.
 The match was played on 6 September 2013, between the winners of the previous season's TT Pro League and Pro Bowl competitions.
 The match was a rematch of the inaugural Charity Shield contested by the 2013 Pro Bowl winners, W Connection, and the champions of the 2012–13 Pro League, Defence Force.
