Bobby Howard Byrd (August 15, 1934 – September 12, 2007) was an American R&B/soul singer, songwriter, bandleader, talent scout, record producer, and musician, who played an integral and important part in the development of soul and funk music in association with James Brown.
 Byrd began his career in 1952 as member of the gospel group the Gospel Starlighters, who later changed their name to the Avons in 1953 and the Five Royals in 1954, before settling with the name the Flames in 1955 prior to Brown's joining the group; their agent later changed it to The Famous Flames.
 Byrd was the actual founder of The Flames and is credited with the discovery of James Brown.
 As group founder, and one of the longest-serving members of the group, Byrd was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame posthumously in 2012.
 Byrd was also a 1998 recipient of the Rhythm and Blues Foundation's Pioneer Award.
 Byrd helped to inspire the musical aspirations of James Brown, who launched his career with Byrd.
Solomon Burke (born James Solomon McDonald, March 21, 1940 – October 10, 2010) was an American preacher and singer, who shaped the sound of rhythm and blues as one of the founding fathers of soul music in the 1960s and a "key transitional figure in the development of soul music from rhythm and blues.
 He had a string of hits including "Cry to Me", "If You Need Me", "Got to Get You Off My Mind", "Down in the Valley" and "Everybody Needs Somebody to Love".
 Burke was referred to as "King Solomon", the "King of Rock 'n' Soul", "Bishop of Soul" and the "Muhammad Ali of soul".
 Due to his minimal chart success in comparison to other soul music greats such as James Brown, Wilson Pickett and Otis Redding, Burke has been described as the genre's "most unfairly overlooked singer" of its golden age.
 Atlantic Records executive Jerry Wexler referred to Burke as "the greatest male soul singer of all time".
"Lost Someone" is a song recorded by James Brown in 1961.
 It was written by Brown and Famous Flames members Bobby Byrd and Baby Lloyd Stallworth.
 Like "Please, Please, Please" before it, the song's lyrics combine a lament for lost love with a plea for forgiveness.
 The single was a #2 R&B hit and reached #48 on the pop chart.
 According to Brown, "Lost Someone" is based on the chord changes of the Conway Twitty song "It's Only Make Believe".
The J.B.'s (sometimes punctuated The JB's or The J.B.s) was the name of James Brown's band from 1970 through the early 1980s.
 On records the band was sometimes billed under alternate names such as The James Brown Soul Train, Maceo and the Macks, A.A.B.B., The First Family, and The Last Word.
 In addition to backing Brown, the J.B.'s played behind Bobby Byrd, Lyn Collins, and other singers associated with the James Brown Revue, and performed and recorded as a self-contained group.
 In 2015, they were nominated for induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Can't Count Me Out is the sixth studio album by American R&B/jazz singer Miki Howard, released in 1997 under Hush Records.
 Howard's first studio recording in four years, the album contains a mixture of soulful ballads, some groovy R&B and a duet with father Clay Graham of gospel group, "The Pilgrim Jubilees".
 Also featured are a few cover tunes, including Janis Ian's "At Seventeen" produced by Robby Takac, member of the rock group Goo Goo Dolls, and Stevie Wonder's "I Love Every Little Thing About You", a duet with pop/R&B singer Terence Trent D'Arby with Chaka Khan singing background vocals.
Joya (birth name Joya Owens born 1973) in Detroit, Michigan, United States is an American R&B/soul singer - songwriter, who released her debut album "Here I Am" on Atlas/A&M record label.
 Following her debut album release, Joya was a background session vocalist for various artists' including R&B/soul singer Mary J. Blige.
 She also toured as a background singer during Blige's "Share My World Tour" in 1998.
"Hearts of Stone" is an American R&B song.
 It was written by Eddie Ray and Rudy Jackson, a member of the San Bernardino, California-based rhythm and blues vocal group the Jewels (no relation to the female Jewels group from Washington, DC) which first recorded it for the R&B label in 1954.
 The Jewels began as a gospel group, then became the Marbles, recording for the Lucky label out of Los Angeles.
Valvin "V" Roane birth name given as Valvin Roane II, was born May 28, in Paulsboro, New Jersey is an American R&B/Soul singer and Songwriter who has set a solid foundation in the music industry.
 Known in the music industry by his nickname "V", this talented vocalist has worked on projects with a host of renowned artists and producers in the music industry, including Anthony Hamilton, Jill Scott, Justin Timberlake, Musiq Soulchild and Will Smith to name a few.
 His talents in singing, songwriting and producing has been compared to such talents as Stevie Wonder, Donnie Hathaway and Marvin Gaye.
 His performances around the world with DJ Jazzy Jeff and as a background vocalist for Jill Scott (on her "Buzz Tour", "Big Beautiful Tour","The Real Thing Tour" and "The Light of The Sun Tour" has received rousing ovations from audiences around the globe.
 Known in many underground circles as thee pioneer of the philly "neo-soul" movement, "V" had many mind blowing records buzzing around the music industry for years before his 1st official debut album, "The Revelation is Now Televised" was released under BBE records in 2006, and features a spoken word piece from R&B/soul singer Jill Scott, "Born Again".
 "V" aka V. Roane has continued to release great music which can be found on iTunes, Amazon and many more online digital music distributors.
Roy James Brown (September 10, 1920 or 1925May 25, 1981) was an American R&B singer, songwriter and musician, who had a significant influence on the early development of rock and roll and the direction of R&B.
 His original song and hit recording "Good Rockin' Tonight" has been covered by many artists including Wynonie Harris, Elvis Presley, Bruce Springsteen, Ricky Nelson, Jerry Lee Lewis, Pat Boone, James Brown, the Doors, and the rock group Montrose.
 Brown was the first singer in recording history to sing R&B songs with a gospel-steeped delivery, which was then considered taboo by many churches.
 In addition, his melismatic, pleading vocal style influenced notable artists such as B.B. King, Bobby Bland, Elvis Presley, Jackie Wilson, James Brown and Little Richard.
"Respect Yourself" is the name of a classic soul song by American R&B/gospel group The Staple Singers.
 Released in late 1971 from their album "", the song became a crossover hit.
 The Staple Singers' version peaked at #1 on KHJ, #12 on the Hot 100, #2 on the Hot Soul Singles chart and is one of the group's most recognizable hits.
 Bruce Willis recorded a cover version of the song in 1987 featuring The Pointer Sisters; it peaked at #5 on the Hot 100 and peaked at #7 in the UK.
 In 2002 the song was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, and in 2010 it was ranked #468 on the "Rolling Stone" list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
