The Van Dyke Show is an American sitcom starring Dick Van Dyke and his son Barry Van Dyke which aired on CBS from October 26 to December 7, 1988.
 The series marked the first time the real-life father-son actors worked together.
"A New Year" is a song by American singer Annaleigh Ashford, with Will Van Dyke and Jeff Talbott.
 The song was written by Van Dyke and Talbott.
 It was released on iTunes and Van Dyke's website on December 2nd, 2016.
 "A New Year" is an Easy Listening track.
 In addition to writing music and lyrics, Van Dyke is featured on piano on the single.
 The track also features Alec Berlin (guitar), Steve Gilewski (bass), Mason Ingram (drums), and Allison Seidner (cello).
 The song was recorded in New York City and was mixed by Grammy Award Winner Derik Lee, and Ian Kagey.
 Oscar Zambrano mastered the recording.
Guns of Diablo is a Metrocolor 1965 Western directed by Boris Sagal, starring Charles Bronson, Susan Oliver and Kurt Russell.
 Charles Bronson is a wagon scout (Linc Murdock), who runs into difficulties when he meets old flame Maria (Susan Oliver), now married to corrupt lawman Rance Macklin (Jan Merlin).
Conny Van Dyke (sometimes credited as Connie Van Dyke) is a singer and actress, born September 28, 1945 in Nassawadox, Virginia to Benjamin and Charlotte Elizabeth Van Dyke.
Barry Van Dyke (born July 31, 1951) is an American actor and the second son of actor and entertainer Dick Van Dyke as well as the stepson of makeup artist Arlene Silver-Van Dyke and nephew of Jerry Van Dyke.
 He was best known to audiences as Lieutenant Detective Steve Sloan, a homicide detective and the son of (played by Dick Van Dyke) on "".
 In the show, the characters' relatives were frequently played by real-life family members.
The New Dick Van Dyke Show is an American sitcom starring Dick Van Dyke that aired on CBS from 1971 to 1974.
 It was Van Dyke's first return to series television since "The Dick Van Dyke Show".
"Another Time (Andrew's Song)" is a song by American singer Annaleigh Ashford and her close friend and music artist, Will Van Dyke.
 The song was written by Van Dyke and produced by Derik Lee.
 It was released on iTunes and Van Dyke's website on January 14, 2014.
 It was written for Van Dyke's fiancé, casting associate Andrew Femenella, and is featured in Ashford's cabaret show, "Lost in the Stars" .
 "Another Time (Andrew's Song)" is an Easy Listening track.
 In addition to writing music and lyrics, Van Dyke is featured on piano on the single.
 The track also features Michael Aarons (guitar), Steve Gilewski (bass), Sammy Merendino (drums), Philip Payton (violin/viola), and Allison Seidner (cello).
 It was recorded at Harlem Parlour Recording, NYC by Derik Lee, who also mixed and mastered the recording.
Little Jost Van Dyke (colloquially, "Little Jost") is one of the British Virgin Islands.
 It is a small island on the east end of the island of Jost Van Dyke.
 Like Jost Van Dyke, it takes its name from the Dutch privateer Joost van Dyk.
 It is the location of the Diamond Cay National Park, which includes the nesting grounds of wild boobies, terns and pelicans.
Kelly Jean Van Dyke (June 5, 1958 – November 17, 1991) was an American actress and adult film performer.
 She was the daughter of actor Jerry Van Dyke, niece of the actor Dick Van Dyke, and cousin once removed of Shane Van Dyke.
Joost van Dyk (sometimes spelled Joost van Dyke) was a Dutch privateer (and, reportedly, sometime pirate) who was one of the earliest European settlers in the British Virgin Islands in the seventeenth century, and established the first permanent settlements within the Territory.
 The islands of Jost Van Dyke and its smaller neighbor Little Jost Van Dyke ("Little Jost"), as well as Little Dix Bay on Virgin Gorda island, are named after him.
