Lillian Hellman: An Imperious Life is a 2014 book by Dorothy Gallagher.
 It is a critical biography of the American playwright and writer Lillian Hellman.
Candide is an operetta with music composed by Leonard Bernstein, based on the 1759 novella of the same name by Voltaire.
 The operetta was first performed in 1956 with a libretto by Lillian Hellman; but since 1974 it has been generally performed with a book by Hugh Wheeler which is more faithful to Voltaire's novel.
 The primary lyricist was the poet Richard Wilbur.
 Other contributors to the text were John Latouche, Dorothy Parker, Lillian Hellman, Stephen Sondheim, John Mauceri, John Wells, and Bernstein himself.
 Maurice Peress and Hershy Kay contributed orchestrations.
 Although unsuccessful at its premiere, "Candide" has now overcome the unenthusiastic reaction of early audiences and critics and achieved enormous popularity.
 It is very popular among major music schools as a student show because of the quality of its music and the opportunities it offers to student singers.
Vann Nath (Khmer: វ៉ាន់ណាត ; 1946 – September 5, 2011) was a Cambodian painter, artist, writer, and human rights activist who was one of a diverse group of writers from 22 countries to receive the prestigious Lillian Hellman/Hammett Award, which recognizes courage in the face of political persecution—which he faced during the Khmer Rouge.
 He was the eighth Cambodian to win the award since 1995.
Dash and Lilly is a 1999 Emmy and Golden Globe Award-nominated biographical television film about writers Dashiell Hammett and Lillian Hellman.
 The film was directed by actress Kathy Bates and written by Jerrold L. Ludwig.
 It stars Sam Shepard and Judy Davis.
Julia is a 1977 American drama film directed by Fred Zinnemann, from a screenplay by Alvin Sargent.
 It is based on a chapter from Lillian Hellman's book "Pentimento" about the author's relationship with a lifelong friend, "Julia," who fought against the Nazis in the years prior to World War II.
 Hellman said the story was true, but critics have challenged its accuracy.
 The film in DeLuxe Color was produced by Richard Roth, with Julien Derode as executive producer and Tom Pevsner as associate producer.
The Autumn Garden is a 1951 play by Lillian Hellman.
 The play is set in September, 1949 in a summer home in a resort on the Gulf of Mexico, about 100 miles from New Orleans.
 The play is a study of the defeats, disappointments and diminished expectations of people reaching middle age.
 For inspiration, Hellman drew on her memories of her time in her aunts' boardinghouse.
 Dashiell Hammett, who had been Hellman's lover for 20 years, helped her write the play and received 15 percent of the royalties.
 Of all Hellman's plays it was her favorite.
Marcus Samuel Blitzstein (March 2, 1905January 22, 1964), was an American composer, lyricist, and librettist.
 He won national attention in 1937 when his pro-union musical "The Cradle Will Rock", directed by Orson Welles, was shut down by the Works Progress Administration.
 He is known for "The Cradle Will Rock" and for his Off-Broadway translation/adaptation of "The Threepenny Opera" by Bertolt Brecht and Kurt Weill.
 His works also include the opera "Regina", an adaptation of Lillian Hellman's play "The Little Foxes"; the Broadway musical "Juno", based on Seán O'Casey's play "Juno and the Paycock"; and "No for an Answer".
 He completed translation/adaptations of Brecht's and Weill's musical play "Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny" and of Brecht's play "Mother Courage and Her Children" with music by Paul Dessau.
 Blitzstein also composed music for films, such as "Surf and Seaweed" (1931) and "The Spanish Earth" (1937), and he contributed two songs to the original 1960 production of Hellman's play "Toys in the Attic".
Ernest & Bertram is a 2002 tragic comedy short film by Peter Spears spoofing "Sesame Street" characters Ernie and Bert.
 The film is based on Lillian Hellman's "The Children's Hour", and depicts Bert and Ernie after they are outed by "Variety" magazine.
 Although the film was a success at the Sundance Film Festival and the U.S Comedy Arts Festival, it kept from further distribution when Sesame Workshop served the film's producers with a cease and desist order for copyright violation.
The Little Foxes (1941) is an American drama film directed by William Wyler.
 The screenplay by Lillian Hellman is based on her 1939 play of the same name.
 Hellman's ex-husband Arthur Kober, Dorothy Parker and her husband Alan Campbell contributed additional scenes and dialogue.
Eleanor Wachtel {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 1947 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian writer and broadcaster.
 She is the host of the flagship literary show "Writers & Company" on CBC Radio One, which celebrated its 25th anniversary in October 2015.
 Her interviews for "Writers & Company" are in-depth portraits of literary figures which over the years have included Saul Bellow, Alice Munro, Michael Ondaatje and Mordecai Richler.
 Kazuo Ishiguro, author of "Remains of the Day", has called Wachtel "one of the very finest interviewers of authors I've come across anywhere in the world."
 At the end of their conversation in 2013, John le Carré told her, "You do it better than anyone I know."
