Charles O. Bick College was a police college operated by the Training and Education unit of the Toronto Police Service to train various levels of police from new recruits to senior managers.
 The facility was accredited by the Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services to design and deliver specialized police courses.
 The facility was opened in 1977 and was located at 4620 Finch Avenue East in Scarborough and consisted of 14 classrooms, 2 computer labs, a range, pool and gymnasium.
 The college was made up of the following sections: Human Relations, Investigative Training, Officer Safety, Recruit Training, Police Vehicle Operations, Traffic and Provincial Statutes, Tactical Training - Firearms.
The Ghana Police College was established in 1959 in Tesano, Accra to policemen and women in Ghana.
 Before its establishment all Senior Police Officers were trained in the United Kingdom.
The Botswana Police College is located in Otse in the South East District.
 An ultra-modern new college campus for meeting the training needs of the Botswana Police Service was designed by FMA Architects Ltd (Canadian Architect - Samuel Oboh - was a resident Architect on this project), constructed by Stocks Building Africa and completed in 2000 at a cost of 230 million Pula.
Maame Yaa Tiwaa Addo-Danquah (born 19 August 1969) is currently the first female Commandant of the Ghana Police Command and Staff College (GPCSC) located in Winneba, the Central Region of Ghana to be precise.
The Avery Building was the headquarters of the New South Wales Police Force, Australia from the 1970s until 2004, when a new headquarters building was opened at Parramatta in conjunction with police executive offices located in Elizabeth Street, Sydney.
 The Avery Building was named after long-serving Police Commissioner John Keith Avery, who led the organisation from 1984 to 1991, after his retirement.
 The building is a tall white structure, about 20 stories tall, located on College Street, Darlinghurst overlooking Hyde Park.
 The library at the New South Wales Police College has been named The J.K. Avery Resource Centre in recognition of former Commissioner Avery.
The Royal New Zealand Police College (RNZPC) is the central training institution for police recruits and police officers in New Zealand.
 It is located at Papakowhai, approximately 2 km north of Porirua City.
The Ghana Planetarium is located behind the Ghana Police Headquarters in Cantonments, Accra.
 It is open throughout the year.
The Ethiopian Police University College Formerly Called Aba Dina Police College is a public institution of higher education in Ethiopia dedicated to training police officers. Its main campus is located in Sendafa, a town 38 kilometers north of Addis Ababa.
Aleksander Toots (born 1969 in Kohtla-Järve) is the deputy director of Estonia's counterintelligence service Estonian Internal Security Service, also known as KAPO.
 He started his career in Ida-Viru police precinct.
 Since 1993 he has held different positions in KAPO.
 He was the chief of Virumaa department since 2002.
 In March 2008, he became the deputy chief of the Estonian Security Police.
 He has graduated from Paikuse police school, Estonian Academy of Security Sciences in Nomme and the Police College.
The Royal Malaysian Police College Kuala Lumpur or "Maktab Polis Diraja Malaysia Kuala Lumpur" is a police educational institution located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
 It is responsible for training senior officers in the Royal Malaysia Police and the Malaysian Armed Forces.
 The College also trains police officers and soldiers from Singapore, Brunei, Thailand, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States.
