Lonestar is an American country music band founded in 1992 by Richie McDonald, John Rich, Keech Rainwater, Michael Britt and Dean Sams.
 The band has released 12 studio albums (counting two Christmas albums), seven greatest hits packages, and 37 singles. Lonestar's first five releases for BNA Records are all certified gold or higher by the RIAA, and their greatest hits album is certified platinum.
 The band's highest-certified album is 1999's "Lonely Grill" at 3× Platinum.
 A ninth album, "Party Heard Around the World", was released in April 2010.
 This was also the first album to feature lead singer Cody Collins, who replaced McDonald in 2007.
Osc-Dis or Oscillator in Distortion is the ninth album by Japanese band The Mad Capsule Markets.
 It was released in Japan in 1999 and released outside Japan in 2001.
 "Osc-Dis" was the band's breakthrough album and finally got them recognized overseas, with the single "Pulse".
 The album mixes industrial metal, industrial rock and punk rock with various kinds of electronic music.
 It was more melodic than their previous album and included elements of pop punk.
 There are vocal contributions from Hirosuke from Balzac, Yamada from Geronimo, and Katsya from NND.
 This album also saw the birth of the band's mascots The White Crusher and The Cyborn.
Hate Them is the ninth album by Norwegian black metal band, Darkthrone.
 It was released by Moonfog Productions in 2003.
 Like their subsequent release, "Sardonic Wrath", the album had an electronic intro and outro created by Lars Sørensen (aka LRZ) from Red Harvest.
 The cover image was the work of Eric Syre from Thesyre, and incorporated images of the Sagrada Família Catholic church in Barcelona.
 In 2012, the album was reissued by Peaceville Records, including a bonus CD with audio commentary by the band.
Still Restless is the ninth album released by the American country music band Restless Heart.
 Released in 2004, it was considered the band's reunion album, as it was their first release since 1998's "Greatest Hits", as well as the first album since "Fast Movin' Train" (1990) to feature all five original band members.
 Their first and only album for Koch Records Nashville, it produced the single "Feel My Way to You", which peaked at #29 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in late 2004.
Free is the ninth album by German band Bonfire.
 It was released in 2003 by Sony/BMG/LZ Records and features music that leans more towards the once popular alternative sound.
 The album had two covers, one for German outlet and another for worldwide distribution.
 The German cover had a brown wall background while the other one was white.
 The band was highly criticized by their loyal fans as well as several critics for the material.
 Reaction overall from fans was less than favourable.
 The song "September On My Mind" is about the 9-11 terrorist attack on the World Trade Center in New York City.
 The reason Friends has such a long time frame is due to a large space after the song that was followed by band members Claus Lessmann and Hans Ziller making recordings of the album's songs.
 The Album hits the Official German Media Control Top 100 Album Charts.
I Hate Myself (for Loving You) is the ninth album by Thijs van Leer, released under the name Van Leer.
Timbiriche VIII & IX is the eighth / ninth album by the mexican Pop band Timbiriche.
 The album was released in May 7, 1988 being an event in the record industry in Mexico and Latin America, because it was a Double Disc, something that was new in a Mexican album.
 It was the first album that Edith Márquez recorded with the band and was the last of Alix Bauer, Eduardo Capetillo and Thalía within Timbiriche.
 With this album the band will receive the platinum album for sales of 500,000 in Mexico and Latin America.
Reckless is contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp's ninth studio album, and the producers are Camp and Andy Dodd.
 The album was released on February 12, 2013, which all of his album has been released on BEC Recordings label, and this is his eighth album with the label.
 The first single from the album is entitled "Reckless", which was released on November 16, 2012, and has achieved chart success.
 Lastly, this album marks the ninth album of Camp's career that includes his first independent release.
 For the week of March 2, 2013, the album was the No. 31 most sold album in the nation via the "Billboard" 200 chart, which the album was the No. 10 most popular Rock album in the same week, and it was the most popular Christian album, as well.
Liquid Acrobat as Regards the Air is the ninth album by the Incredible String Band.
 It features Mike Heron, Robin Williamson, Licorice McKechnie and Malcolm Le Maistre.
 The album was the band's first almost entirely electric recording; a new feature that was to define the change in the band's sound throughout their final period through 1974.
 The album did well on the charts, and was the most financially successful of the band's output.
Scraper was a hardcore punk band from the West Midlands of the United Kingdom.
 Influenced by a variety of Punk rock and Hardcore punk bands, Scraper were likened to Snuff, Leatherface, China Drum, Hüsker Dü and even Fast Eddie period Motörhead.
 Scraper became popular throughout the latter half of the 1990s with strong followings around Birmingham, London and Cardiff.
 Towards the end of the 1990s Scraper renamed themselves "Turnbull ACs".
 Scraper's 1996 album "Built with Hate" received 4 and a half out of 5 in Terroriser Magazine and 4 out of 5 in Kerrang!
.
