North Sentinel Island is one of the Andaman Islands, which includes South Sentinel Island, in the Bay of Bengal.
 It is home to the Sentinelese who, often violently, reject any contact with the outside world, and are among the last people worldwide to remain virtually untouched by modern civilization.
 As such, only limited information about the island is known.
The Yaeyama language (八重山物言/ヤイマムニ , "Yaimamuni") is a Southern Ryukyuan language spoken in the Yaeyama Islands, the southernmost inhabited island group in Japan, with a combined population of about 53,000.
 The Yaeyama Islands are situated in the Southern Ryukyu Islands, southwest of the Miyako Islands and to the east of Taiwan.
 Yaeyama ("Yaimamunii") is most closely related to Miyako.
 The number of competent native speakers is not known; as a consequence of Japanese language policy which refers to the language as the Yaeyama dialect (八重山方言 , Yaeyama hōgen ) , reflected in the education system, people below the age of 60 tend to not use the language except in songs and rituals, and the younger generation exclusively uses Japanese as their first language.
 As compared to the Japanese "kokugo," or Japanese national language, other Ryukyuan languages such as Okinawan and Amami have also been referred to as dialects of Japanese.
 Yaeyama is noted as having a comparatively lower "language vitality" among neighboring Ryukyuan languages.
The culture of Bengal encompasses the Bengal region in South Asia, including Bangladesh and the Indian states of West Bengal, Tripura and Assam (Barak Valley), where the Bengali language is the official and primary language.
 Bengal has a recorded history of 1,400 years.
 The Bengali people are its dominant ethnolinguistic Tribe.
 The region has been a historical melting pot, blending indigenous traditions with cosmopolitan influences from pan-Indian subcontinental empires.
 Bengal was the richest part of Medieval India and hosted the subcontinent's most advanced political and cultural centers during the British Raj.
Surjapuri, a language possessing similarities with Bengali and Maithili, is mainly spoken in the Seemanchal region of Bihar (Kishanganj, Katihar, Purnia, Araria districts), in West Bengal (Uttar Dinajpur and Dakshin Dinajpur districts, and in Siliguri city of Darjeeling district – part of the North Bengal region within Jalpaiguri division), as well as in parts of eastern Nepal.
 It is one of the lesser known languages of Bengali/Maithili descent spoken in eastern India comprising today's West Bengal, the lower part of Assam (The Barak valley), and Bangladesh.
 It is related to Rangpuri, one of the major Bangla or Bengali languages; the Kochrajbongshi language in Assam; and Surjapuri in the North Bengal region of West Bengal and in Eastern Bihar.
Sentinelese is the presumed language of the Sentinelese people of North Sentinel Island in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India.
 Due to the lack of contact between the Sentinelese people and the rest of the world for the past three centuries, nothing is known of their language.
 There is no way to know the vitality of Sentinel as the people do not allow outsiders onto the island and are very hostile towards them.
Bengali ( ), also known by its endonym Bangla ( ; বাংলা ] ), is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in the Indian Subcontinent.
 It is the national and official language of the People's Republic of Bangladesh, and the official language of some eastern and north-eastern states of the Republic of India, including West Bengal, Tripura, Assam (Barak Valley) and Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
 It is also one of the 22 scheduled languages of India.
 With 205 million speakers, Bengali is the seventh most spoken native language in the world by population.
 Dictionaries from the early 20th century attributed slightly more than half of the Bengali vocabulary to native words (i.e., naturally modified Sanskrit words, corrupted forms of Sanskrit words, and loanwords from non-Indo-European languages), about 30 percent to unmodified Sanskrit words, and the remainder to foreign words.
 Dominant in the last group was Persian, which was also the source of some grammatical forms.
 More recent studies suggest that the use of native and foreign words has been increasing, mainly because of the preference of Bengali speakers for the colloquial style.
 Today, Bengali is the primary language spoken in Bangladesh and the second most widely spoken language in India.
The Ganges-Brahmaputra Delta (also known as the Brahmaputra Delta, the Sunderbans Delta, or the Bengal Delta) is a river delta in the Bengal region of the South Asia, consisting of Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal.
 It is the world's largest delta, and empties into the Bay of Bengal.
 It is also one of the most fertile regions in the world, thus earning the nickname The Green Delta.
 The delta stretches from the Hooghly River on the west to the Meghna River on the east.
 It is approximately 354 km across at the Bay of Bengal.
 Kolkata (formerly Calcutta) and Haldia in India and Mongla and Chittagong in Bangladesh are the principal seaports of the delta.
The Andamanese languages are a pair of language families spoken by the Andamanese Negritos on the Andaman Islands: Great Andamanese and Ongan.
 The Sentinelese language is the language of an uncontacted people and therefore at present unclassifiable.
The Nashya Shaikh or Nashya Sekh(Bengali: নইস্য শেখ) is a Muslim community found in northern parts of the state of West Bengal in India.
 They are culturally and linguistically similar to both Rangpuri people of northern Bangladesh and Goalpariya people of Assam.
 A small number of the community are also found in the neighboring state of Bihar, where they are known as the Bengali Shaikh.
 These people are more commonly known as Rajbongshi Muslims.
 The Nashya are considered to be an important indigenous group found in northern West Bengal.
 They are homogeneous with the Koch Rajbongshi people and are bi-linguistic speaking both Bengali language and Koch language with Koch Rajbongshi language being replaced by Bengali language among the newer generations.
Bangladesh is a sovereign state in South Asia.
 It forms the largest and eastern portion the ethno-linguistic region of Bengal.
 Located at the apex of the Bay of Bengal, the country is bordered by India and Myanmar and is separated from Nepal and Bhutan by the narrow Siliguri Corridor.
 With a population of 170 million, it is the world's eighth-most populous country, the fifth-most populous in Asia and the third-most populous Muslim-majority country.
 The official Bengali language is the seventh-most spoken language in the world, which Bangladesh shares with the neighboring Indian states of West Bengal, Tripura and Assam (Barak Valley).
