Linganore Creek is a 13.5 mi tributary of the Monocacy River in Frederick County, Maryland.
 The stream is formed from the confluence of the north and south forks of the Linganore ( ), about 10 mi east-northeast of the city of Frederick.
 The creek runs roughly southwest to the Monocacy River, which drains to the Potomac River.
 The watershed area of the creek is 83.1 sqmi .
 High water in the creek can result in flooding of Gas House Pike, an east-west road running between Monocacy Boulevard and Green Valley Road.
Fish Creek Falls is a waterfall located about 5 miles to the east of Steamboat Springs, Colorado in Routt National Forest.
 Fish Creek runs from several small lakes in the Rabbit Ears Range of Colorado.
 In the summertime, the road to Fish Creek Falls becomes often clogged in mid-afternoon with tourists wanting to see the 283 ft waterfall.
 It is possible to hike all the way to the terminus of the waterfall through giant boulders and rushing water.
 There are two hiking trails from the parking lot at the end of Fish Creek Fall Road.
 One is 1/4 of a mile (1/4 mi ) and goes through several Aspen groves with the occasional Subalpine Fir.
 It ends at a viewing station where the entirety of the falls can be seen.
 The other trail goes straight down into the U-Shaped valley formed by glaciers.
 As it nears the bottom of the valley, one can hear the rushing sound of water over the fall and see beautiful Fish Creek.
 The trail continues on to Upper Fish Creek Falls and then on to the Wyoming Trail, a long trail running the northwestern mountains of Colorado to Wyoming.
 The falls provide a great place for ice climbing in the winter when 300+ inches of snow (300 in ) fall on the mountains east of Steamboat Springs.
Rock Creek is a 125 mi river in the south central part of the U.S. state of Wyoming.
 It empties into the Medicine Bow River.
 The drainage basin of Rock Creek starts high on the north side of the Snowy Range.
 At the northern base of the range, Rock Creek runs through the town of Arlington and continues on through McFadden and Rock River.
 From there Rock Creek runs primarily northeasterly before turning to the northwest and meeting with the Medicine Bow River just north of the town of Medicine Bow.
Bear Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River in central Colorado in the United States.
 Its source is Summit Lake near Mount Evans.
 The stream flows to a confluence with the South Platte River in Sheridan, Colorado just south of Denver.
 Bear Creek runs through the Bear Creek Watershed.
 Bear Creek Watershed is a 236 sq. mile watershed including all tributaries that discharge into the Bear Creek Reservoir.
 The two main tributaries are Bear Creek and Turkey Creek.
 The watershed extends from Mount Evans Wilderness to the Town of Morrison.
Spanish Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Juan County, Utah, in the United States.
 As of the 2000 census, the CDP population was 181.
 But on almost all maps of the area, and especially in local usage, the name identifies the geographic valley that extends south of the city of Moab.
 The majority of the valley, and the majority of the population living in it, lies within Grand County the northern neighbor to San Juan County.
 Only the southern-most third of Spanish Valley lies within San Juan County, and it is the least populated.
Easton Creek is a short eastward-flowing stream whose watershed originates just east of Burlingame's foothills in San Mateo County, California, United States.
 The creek runs south of the Mills Creek and north of the Sanchez Creek watercourses respectively.
 The creek is predominantly with only small storm drained stretches through the hills and residential flatlands of the city.
 However towards the former marshlands adjacent the bay where it is culverted or channelized for nearly its entire length into San Francisco Bay through mudflats.
Spanish Valley is a flat in Grand County, Utah, south of Moab.
 It lies at an elevation of 4,331 feet / 1,320 meters, and is south southeastward of Moab Valley.
 Pack Creek flows through Spanish Valley north northwestward into Moab Valley toward its confluence with the Colorado River.
Willis Creek is a creek in the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in southern Utah.
 The creek runs through a wash which in some sections narrows to become a slot canyon.
 The creek is popular with hikers as the stream is generally 1-2 inches deep and a trail runs the length of the creek.
 The end of the creek is dry.
Kanaka Creek is an historic rural residential area located within the District of Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Canada, along the banks of the creek of the same name just east of the district's main town and commercial core of Haney.
 Just east is Albion and immediately across the Fraser River is Derby or "Old Fort Langley", upstream from which and opposite Albion is Fort Langley.
 Kanaka Creek was settled by Hawaiian natives in the employ of the Hudson's Bay Company, known as Kanakas, often with local indigenous, usually Kwantlen, wives.
 Once a thriving community linked closely to the affairs of the fort, like the rancherie outside Fort Vancouver, Kanaka Creek dwindled somewhat when the fort was located further upstream, although some of the original families stayed on for decades.
 The area has long since been subdivided and is a suburban neighbourhood now, with Kanaka Creek Road, along the creek's west bank, the main arterial, which like the creek runs generally northeast, finally becoming 232nd Street to connect to the Dewdney Trunk Road.
 Upstream, to the northeast, is Kanaka Creek Regional Park and street connections to Webster's Corners and 240th Street.
 Although mostly suburban the neighbourhood retains a greenbelt quality because of the protection of the creek by its park and as a salmon spawning stream, and there are still farms operating in some parts of the area.
The Graham Lakes are a pair of lakes located in the northeastern corner of Nobles County, Minnesota.
 The lakes are known as West Graham Lake and East Graham Lake.
 West Graham Lake is an oval shaped body of water that extends east-to-west slightly more than one mile (1.6 km).
 The north-to-south width of the lake is approximately 3/4 of a mile.
 The area of West Graham Lake is 519.28 acre , the average depth is 5 ft , and the maximum depth is 8 ft .
 The elevation of West Graham Lake is 1438.7 ft , or 438.52 meters.
 East Graham Lake is a longer, narrower lake that extends from northeast-to-southwest for 1 miles.
 Its width is less than 1/2 mile.
 The area of East Graham Lake is 511.32 acre , the average depth is 5 ft , and the maximum depth is 8 ft .
 The elevation of East Graham Lake is 1435.08 ft , or 437.41 meters.
 A small creek runs from West Graham Lake and empties into East Graham Lake.
 Another creek runs from East Graham Lake, and eventually flows into the Des Moines River.
