Topsham is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 8,784 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
 The town is home to the annual Topsham Fair.
Georgetown is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 1,042 at the 2010 census.
 Home to Reid State Park, the town is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Located on an island accessible by car from the mainland, Georgetown includes the villages of Five Islands, Georgetown, Bay Point, Kennebec Point, Indian Point, Marrtown, West Georgetown and Robinhood.
 It is a popular tourist destination.
Woolwich is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 3,072 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
 Woolwich is a suburb of the city of Bath located on the opposite shore of Merrymeeting Bay.
Bath is a city in Sagadahoc County, Maine, in the United States.
 The population was 8,514 at the 2010 census, and 8,357 as of 2013, the population has had a change of -10.2% since 2000.
 It is the county seat of Sagadahoc County, which includes one city and 10 towns.
 The city is popular with tourists, many drawn by its 19th-century architecture.
 It is home to the Bath Iron Works and Heritage Days Festival, held annually on the Fourth of July weekend.
 It is commonly known as "The City of Ships."
 Bath is part of the metropolitan statistical area of Greater Portland.
Topsham is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Topsham in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 6,271 at the 2000 census.
 It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Bowdoinham is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 2,889 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
 The town is located on the west side of Merrymeeting Bay.
Phippsburg is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States, on the west side of the mouth of the Kennebec River.
 The population was 2,216 at the 2010 census.
 It is within the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine, metropolitan statistical area.
 A tourist destination, Phippsburg is home to Bates-Morse Mountain Conservation Area, Fort Popham State Historic Site; it is also home to Fort Baldwin which overlooks Fort Popham, and Popham Beach State Park, as well as Pond Island National Wildlife Refuge.
 The town includes part of Winnegance.
West Bath is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 1,877 at the 2010 census.
 A sub-locality of West Bath is Winnegance.
 West Bath is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
Richmond is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Richmond in Sagadahoc County, Maine.
 The population was 1,864 at the 2000 census.
 It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Richmond is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 3,411 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
