The La Tène culture ( ; ] ) was a European Iron Age culture named after the archaeological site of La Tène on the north side of Lake Neuchâtel in Switzerland, where thousands of objects had been deposited in the lake, as was discovered after the water level dropped in 1857.
The Cordoba Treasure, or "Tesoro de Córdoba" in Spanish, is the name of a major Iron Age silver hoard found on the outskirts of the city of Córdoba, Spain in 1915.
 The entire treasure was purchased by the British Museum in 1932, where it has been on public display ever since.
Zierscheibe (German for "ornamental disk") in archaeology is the term for a kind of metal jewellery dating to the European Iron Age.
 They are found in women's graves and are thought to have been worn as pendants attached to the tunica, or as part of a belt pouch.
A bridge-spouted vessel is a particular design of ewer (jug or pitcher) originating in antiquity; there is typically a connecting element between the spout and filling aperture, and the spout is a completely independent aperture from the usually smaller central fill opening.
 Early incidences of the bridge spouted vessel are found in Persia in the early Iron Age and on Crete.
 This type of vessel typically appears in the Bronze Age or early Iron Age.
 A very early example of a bridge spouted bowl has been recovered at the ancient palace of Phaistos on Crete, dating to the Bronze Age.
The Gundestrup cauldron is a richly decorated silver vessel, thought to date from between 200 BC and 300 AD, or more narrowly between 150 BC and 1 BC.
 This places it within the late La Tène period or early Roman Iron Age.
 The cauldron is the largest known example of European Iron Age silver work (diameter: 69 cm ; height: 42 cm ).
 It was found dismantled, with the other pieces stacked inside the base, in 1891 in a peat bog near the hamlet of Gundestrup in the Aars parish of Himmerland, Denmark ( ).
 It is now usually on display in the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen, with replicas at other museums; during 2015-16 it was in the UK on a travelling exhibition called "The Celts".
The antiquity of Architecture of Karnataka(Kannada: ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ ವಾಸ್ತುಶಿಲ್ಪ ) can be traced to its southern Neolithic and early Iron Age, Having witnessed the architectural ideological and utilitarian transformation from shelter- ritual- religion.
 Here the nomenclature ‘Architecture’ is as old as c.2000 B.C.E.
 The upper or late Neolithic people in order to make their shelters, they constructed huts made of wattle and doab, that were buttressed by stone boulders, presumably having conical roof resting on the bamboo or wooden posts into red murram or paved granite chips as revealed in archaeological excavations in sites like Brhamagiri (Chitradurga district), Sanganakallu, Tekkalakota (Bellary district), Piklihal (Raichur district).
 Megaliths are the dominant archaeological evidence of the early Iron Age (c. 1500 B.C.E- 100 C.E unsettled date).
 There are more than 2000 early Iron Age burial sites on record, who laid the foundation for a high non perishable architecture in the form of various distinct architectural styles of stone built burials, which are ritualistic in its character.
 The active religious architecture is evident 345 with that of the Kadamba Dynasty.
 Karnataka is a state in the southern part of India originally known as the State of Mysore.
 Over the centuries, architectural monuments within the region displayed a diversity of influences, often relaying much about the artistic trends of the rulers of twelve different dynasties.
 Its architecture ranges dramatically from majestic monolith, such as the Gomateshwara, to Hindu and Jain places of worship, ruins of ancient cities, mausoleums and palaces of different architectural hue.
 Mysore Kingdom (Wodeyar) rule has also given an architectural master structure in the St. Philomena's Church at Mysore (extolled by the King as a structure of divine compassion and the eager gratitude of men) which was completed in 1956, in addition to many Dravidian style architectural temples.
 Two of the monuments (Pattadakal and Hampi) are listed under the UNESCO World Heritage List of 22 cultural monuments in India.
 Styles of Indo-Saracenic, Renaissance, Corinthian, Hindu, Indo-Greek and Indo-British style palaces were built in Mysore, the city of palaces.
 Sikh architecture at Bidar (1512) and also in Bangalore in 1956 can also be cited as having an impact on the architectural composition of the state.
A torc, also spelled torq or torque, is a large rigid or stiff neck ring in metal, made either as a single piece or from strands twisted together.
 The great majority are open at the front, although some had hook and ring closures and a few had mortice and tenon locking catches to close them.
 Many seem designed for near-permanent wear and would have been difficult to remove.
 Torcs are found in the Scythian, Illyrian Thracian, Celtic, and other cultures of the European Iron Age from around the 8th century BC to the 3rd century AD.
 For the Iron Age Celts the gold torc seems to have been a key object, identifying the wearer as a person of high rank, and many of the finest works of ancient Celtic art are torcs.
 The Celtic torc disappears in the Migration Period, but during the Viking Age torc-style metal necklaces, now mainly in silver, came back into fashion.
 Torc styles of neck-ring are found as part of the jewellery styles of various other cultures and periods.
This article discusses the warfare of the Ancient Celts throughout the European Iron Age and the Roman era, both of the Insular Celts and the Continental Celts (Gaul, Iberia, and Anatolia)
Iron armour was a type of armour used on warships and, to a limited degree, fortifications.
 The use of iron gave rise to the term ironclad as a reference to a ship 'clad' in iron.
 The earliest material available in sufficient quantities for armouring ships was iron, wrought or cast.
 While cast iron has never been used for naval armour, it did find a use in land fortifications, presumable due to the lower cost of the material.
 One well known example of cast-iron armour for land use is the Gruson turret, first tested by the Prussian government in 1868.
 Armoured ships may have been built as early as 1203, in the far east.
 In the West, they first become common when France launched the first ocean-going ironclad "La Gloire" in 1859.
 The British Navy responded with HMS "Warrior" in 1860, triggering a naval arms race with bigger, more heavily armed and armoured ironclads.
The Bronze and Iron Age cultures in Poland are known mainly from archeological research.
 Early Bronze Age cultures in Poland begun around 2300–2400 BCE, while the Iron Age commenced in approximately 700–750 BCE.
 The Iron Age archeological cultures no longer existed by the start of the Common Era.
 The subject of the ethnicity and linguistic affiliation of the groups living in central and eastern Europe at that time is, given the absence of written records, speculative, and accordingly there is considerable disagreement.
 In Poland the Lusatian culture, spanning both the Bronze and Iron Ages, became particularly prominent.
 The most famous archeological finding from that period is the Biskupin fortified settlement (gord) on the lake from which it takes its name, representing the Lusatian culture of the early Iron Age.
