The M0 motorway is a ringroad around Budapest, the capital of Hungary.
 The ring presently connects motorways M1, M7, M6, M5, M4, M3, M2, connecting currently to Highway 11.
 The whole length of the motorway is planned at about 108 km.
 About 78 km have been completed as of 2013.
The A445 road is a road in Warwickshire, England.
 It runs between the town of Warwick and the A45, also passing through the north of Leamington Spa.
 The road provides the major link between Leamington/Warwick and north-east Warwickshire, including Rugby and the M45/M1 motorways.
 The M45/M1 provided the major route to London until the early 1990s but have now been superseded by the M40, which passes to the south of the Leamington/Warwick conurbation.
The A14 is a major road in England, running 127 mi from the Port of Felixstowe, Suffolk to the Catthorpe Interchange at the junction of the M1 and M6 motorways near Rugby, Warwickshire.
 The road forms part of the unsigned Euroroutes E24 and E30.
The Catthorpe Interchange is a major intersection at the southern end of the M6, the western end of the A14 and Junction 19 of the M1 near the village of Catthorpe in Leicestershire, England.
 It was developed in 1994 when a link to the A14 was added to the pre-existing M1/M6 junction by joining the M1, M6 and A14 to the country lane between Catthorpe and Swinford.
This is a list of the motorways construction in Asian countries by total number of kilometers existing in that year; a list of the total number of motorways by country in Asia.
 It includes motorways (controlled-access highways), classified as being dual carriage ways, separated, have no stop lights or level crossings, turning left is forbidden on the motorway network where the driving is on the right and vice versa, have at least two lanes on each direction and a hard shoulder or an emergency lane on the exterior of the motorway, also has exits and overpasses for drivers who want to exit the motorway or want to turn left; and includes countries that are geographically situated in Asia or islands and dependent territories that are in the proximity of the Asian continent.
Holbeck is an inner city area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
 It begins on the southern edge of Leeds city centre and mainly lies in the LS11 postcode district.
 The M1 and M621 motorways used to end/begin in Holbeck.
 Now the M621 is the only motorway that passes through the area since the end of the M1 moved to Hook Moor near Aberford.
 Since large parts of Holbeck have been vacated in preparation for the regeneration of the area, the district has in large parts suffered from a population exodus.
 Holbeck had a population of 5,505 in 2011.
 The district currently falls within the Beeston and Holbeck ward of the Leeds City Council.
Motorways in Serbia are called autoput (), a name which simply means "auto road".
 Roads that are motorways are categorized as state roads, class Ia and are marked with one-digit numbers.
 Motorways in Serbia have three lanes (including emergency lane) in each direction (including hard shoulder), signs are white-on-green, and the normal speed limit is 120 km/h.
 They are maintained and operated by "Putevi Srbije" ("Roads of Serbia"), state-owned company.
The M61 is a motorway in North West England.
 It runs from the M60 motorway northwest of Manchester and heads northwest past Bolton and Chorley to join the M6 just north of the junction between the M6 and M65 motorways to the south of Preston.
The "German federal motorways" are now numbered according to a clear system.
 Since the mid-1970s a numbering system for motorways, which sets about which number is replaced by a new motorway exists.
 Motorways with a single-digit number (e.g. B.
 A 1) are of national or even cross-border significance.
 Highways with two locations as a number (e.g. B.
 A 20) are usually of overriding national importance.
 Highways with three points as a number (e.g. B.
 A 999) are generally of regional or urban significance.
 Often it is these motorways around feeders or detours.
 In highways with more than one place as number the first digit indicates the approximate location of the motorway (A 10 to A 19 to Berlin; A 20 in the north to A99 in the south, A 100 to Berlin; A 200 in the north to A 999 in the south).
 Usually highways running straight final numbers predominantly in the west-east direction, those 'odd' in North-South direction.
 Exceptions are f. e. the A14 and the A15.
Walton Summit is an industrial area between Clayton Brook and Bamber Bridge, near Preston in Lancashire.
 It is in the South Ribble district.
 It is near the M61, M65 and M6 motorways and actually has a bit of single carriageway motorway from the M65/M61 roundabout.
 Walton Summit has very good road connection because of that.
 There is also the Lancaster Canal nearby.
 Walton Summit also consists of the smaller area of Seed Lee.
