The Firuz Ağa Mosque (Turkish: "Firuz Ağa Camii" ) is an old Ottoman mosque in the Fatih district of Istanbul, Turkey.
 It was built by Firuz Ağa, the head treasurer of Sultan Beyazıt II.
 The marble sarcophagus of Firuz Ağa is located in the mosque complex.
 The mosque is located in the historical center of the city, on the Divanyolu Street, close to other prominent historical landmarks, Sultanahmet Mosque, Aya Sofya and Basilica Cistern.
Ayakapı (Turkish: ""The Gate of the Saint", "The holy gate"" ) (the toponym comes from the Turkish word "Aya", derived from pronunciation of the Greek word ἁγἰα, mean.
 "female Saint" and the Turkish word "kapı", mean.
 "gate") is a quarter of Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is part of the district of Fatih, inside the walled city, and lies on the shore of the Golden Horn.
 During the Byzantine era, it was named ta Dexiokratiana or ta Dexiokratous in Greek, after the houses owned here by a certain Dexiokrates.
 Its modern name comes from a church dedicated to Saint Theodosia which, according to Petrus Gillius, stood near the gate.
 In Ayakapı lies one of the most important surviving Byzantine buildings of the historical peninsula, the Gül Mosque.
 Moreover, in 1582 the Ottoman architect Sinan built here a Turkish bath, the Ayakapı Hamamı.
 This structure is currently used as a storage for timber.
Istiqlal Mosque, or Masjid Istiqlal, (Independence Mosque) in Otoka, Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina is one of the largest mosques in the city.
 It was named after Istiqlal Mosque, Jakarta, the national mosque of Indonesia, since the mosque was the gift from Indonesian people and government for Bosnia and Herzegovina as a token of solidarity and friendship between two nations.
 The name ""istiqlal"" is Arabic word for "independence", thus it is also meant to commemorate the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 It is also colloquially known as "Indonesian mosque" or "Suharto mosque", as the credit to the initiator of the mosque construction.
The Mihrimah Sultan Mosque (Turkish: 'Mihrimah Sultan Camii' ) is an Ottoman mosque located in the Edirnekapı neighborhood near the Byzantine land walls of Istanbul, Turkey.
 Located on the peak of the Sixth Hill near the highest point of the city, the mosque is a prominent landmark in Istanbul.
Muhammad Mosque or Siniggala Mosque is the mosque built in the 11th century in Old City, Baku.
 The mosque is also known as Siniggala, for the name of its minaret – Siniggala (“damaged tower”).
 The mosque acquired its second name in 1723, when military squadron of Russian Army, consisting of 15 warships and led by Admiral Matyushkin, approached the city from seaside and demanded its surrender during the Russo-Persian War (1722-1723).
 Russian warships began to bomb the city after the refusal to surrender.
 One of the Russian shells hit the minaret of Muhammad Mosque and damaged it.
 A stormy wind then blew the Russian ships further out to sea.
 The population of the city interpreted the wind as a divine scourge sent to the occupants.
 From that time until the middle of the 19th century, the minaret of the mosque wasn’t reconstructed.
 It remained a symbol of the persistence and courage of the defendants of the tower.
Istanbul Şehir University (Turkish: "İstanbul Şehir Üniversitesi" , literally City University of Istanbul) is a private, non-profit university located in Istanbul, Turkey.
 It was established in 2008 by the Bilim ve Sanat Vakfı (BiSaV or BSV, English: Foundation for Science and Arts ).
 The university started its education in the academic year of 2010-11 at its campus in Altunizade, Üsküdar, following a ceremony held on October 5, 2010 that was attended by then State President Abdullah Gül, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and Minister of Foreign Affairs Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The Süleymaniye Mosque (Turkish: "Süleymaniye Camii" , ] ) is an Ottoman imperial mosque located on the Third Hill of Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is the second largest mosque in the city, and one of the best-known sights of Istanbul.
The Gazi Atik Ali Pasha Mosque (Turkish: "Gazi Atik Ali Paşa Camii" ) is an old Ottoman mosque located in the Çemberlitaş neighbourhood of the Fatih district in Istanbul, Turkey.
 Its construction was started under the orders of the future Grand Vizier Hadım Atik Ali Pasha in 1496 and was completed in 1497, during the reign of Sultan Bayezid II.
 The mosque is located near the entrance to the Kapalıçarşı (Grand Bazaar), the Column of Constantine, and the historical Nuruosmaniye Mosque.
Gül Mosque (Turkish: "Gül Camii" , meaning: "The Mosque of the Rose" in English) is a former Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul, Turkey, converted into a mosque by the Ottomans.
The Column of the Goths (Turkish: "Gotlar Sütunu" ) is Roman victory column dating to the third or fourth century A.D.
 It stands in what is now Gülhane Park, Istanbul, Turkey.
