The Eden Valley Railway (EVR) was a railway in Cumbria, England.
 It ran between Clifton Junction near Penrith and Kirkby Stephen via Appleby-in-Westmorland.
Appleby East railway station was situated on the Eden Valley Railway between Kirkby Stephen East and Penrith in Cumbria, England.
 The station served the town of Appleby-in-Westmorland.
 Railway services to Appleby now use Appleby railway station.
Clifton Moor railway station was situated in England on the Eden Valley Railway between Penrith and Kirkby Stephen East.
 It served the village of Clifton.
 The station opened to passenger traffic on 1 August 1863, and was originally named 'Clifton'.
 The 'Moor' suffix was added on 1 September 1927.
 The station finally closed on 22 January 1962.
Kirkby Thore railway station was a railway station situated on the Eden Valley Railway between Penrith and Kirkby Stephen East.
 It served the village of Kirkby Thore.
 The station opened to passenger traffic on 9 June 1862, and closed on 7 December 1953.
 The track has been dismantled and the A66 road now uses the route of the railway at this point.
 The former A66 route past the station is now a haulage yard.
Dixon Fold railway station was built on the Manchester and Bolton Railway, between Clifton Junction railway station (Manchester to Preston Line) and Kearsley railway station, in Clifton near Pendlebury.
 It opened in 1841.
 Maps of the area from 1848 give it the name "Clifton Station", which should not to be confused with the nearby Clifton railway station on Rake Lane (formerly named Clifton Junction railway station), which opened in 1847.
 The station closed between 2 August 1926 and 7 March 1927, but was closed permanently on 18 May 1931.
 The station was demolished after closure.
Kirkby Stephen East railway station [KSE] was situated on the South Durham & Lancashire Union Railway between Barnard Castle and Tebay.
 It served the town of Kirkby Stephen in England and was a junction station for the Eden Valley Railway.
 The station opened to passenger traffic on 8 August 1861 and closed on 22 January 1962.
Musgrave railway station was a railway station situated on the Eden Valley Railway and located between Penrith and Kirkby Stephen East, England.
Cliburn railway station was a station situated on the Eden Valley Railway in Cumbria, England.
 It served the village of Cliburn to the south.
 The station opened to passenger traffic on 9 June 1862, and closed on 17 September 1956.
Stainmore Railway Company is a volunteer run non-profit preservation company formed in 2000 with the aim of restoring Kirkby Stephen East railway station in Kirkby Stephen, Cumbria, England.
 In 1997 a company called Stainmore Properties Ltd. was formed, with the intention to convert KSE into an authentic North Eastern Railway focused heritage centre representing the early 1950s.
 The Stainmore Railway Company was subsequently formed to restore the site.
 Since then essential repairs have been made to the roof and station, a number of rooms have been restored and a short section of track has been laid along the formation of the old Eden Valley Railway, with some sidings and yard infrastructure within the station area and surroundings.
 A quantity of rolling stock that is authentic to the site has also been brought in.
Hotwells railway station, was a railway station situated in the suburb of Hotwells in Bristol, England.
 It was the original southern terminus of the Bristol Port Railway and Pier which ran to a station and pier at Avonmouth.
 The station opened in 1865, originally named Clifton station, and was situated in the Avon Gorge almost underneath the Clifton Suspension Bridge, adjacent to the Clifton Rocks Railway, the Hotwells terminus of Bristol Tramways, the Rownham ferry and landing stages used by passenger steamers.
