Enrique Grau (December 18, 1920 – April 1, 2004) was a Colombian artist, renowned for his depictions of Amerindian and Afro-Colombian figures.
 He was a member of the triumvirate of key Colombian artists of the 20th century which included Fernando Botero and Alejandro Obregón.
Lionel S. Reiss (1894–1986) was a Polish-American Jewish painter born in Jaroslaw, Poland, and grew up on the Lower East Side of Manhattan where he studied commercial art.
 His family had moved to the United States in 1898 when he was four years old.
 As immigrants to the United States, Reiss’ parents joined the ranks of other Eastern European Jews who were fleeing their native countries at the start of the 20th century.
 Lionel Reiss' family settled on New York’s Lower East Side neighborhood and Reiss himself spent the majority of his life in the city.
 Reiss worked as a commercial artist for newspapers, publishers, and a motion picture company.
 Eventually he became art director for Paramount Studios and is credited to be the creator of the Leo the Lion logo of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios.
Concepció Badia Millàs (14 November 1897 – 2 May 1975) (known by her stage name as Conchita Badía or Conxita Badia) was a Spanish soprano and pianist.
 Admired for her spontaneity, expressiveness, and clear diction, she was considered one of the greatest interpreters of 20th century Catalan, Spanish and Latin American art song.
 She premiered many works in that genre, including those by Enrique Granados, Manuel de Falla, Frederic Mompou, Alberto Ginastera, and Enric Morera, several of which had been specially written for her voice.
 The main part of the collection of Badia's sound recordings, scores, letters and pictures is preserved in the Biblioteca de Catalunya.
 In one of the letters, Pablo Casals wrote: "Everything I've written for a soprano voice has been thinking about you.
 Therefore, every one is yours."
Pack Up Your Troubles is a 1939 American comedy film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and written by Lou Breslow and Owen Francis.
 The film stars Jane Withers, The Ritz Brothers, Lynn Bari, Joseph Schildkraut, Stanley Fields, Fritz Leiber and Lionel Royce.
 The film was released on October 20, 1939, by 20th Century Fox.
The Carreras Cigarette Factory is a large art deco building in Camden, London in the United Kingdom.
 It is noted as a striking example of early 20th Century Egyptian Revival architecture.
 The building was erected in 1926-28 by the Carreras Tobacco Company owned by the Russian-Jewish inventor and philanthropist Bernhard Baron on the communal garden area of Mornington Crescent, to a design by architects M.E and O.H Collins and A.G Porri.
 It is 550 feet (168 metres) long, and is mainly white,
Manuel Quiroga (15 April 189219 April 1961) was a noted Galician violinist of the early 20th Century, whose career was cut short by a traffic accident in New York in 1937.
 He was repeatedly billed by music critics as "the finest successor of Pablo de Sarasate", and he is sometimes referred to as "Sarasate's spiritual heir".
 Enrique Granados, Eugène Ysaÿe and other composers dedicated compositions to him.
 The greatest violinists of the time – Ysaÿe, Fritz Kreisler, George Enescu, Mischa Elman and Jascha Heifetz – as well as composers such as Igor Stravinsky and Jean Sibelius, held Quiroga's artistry in great regard.
 Guilhermina Suggia, the Portuguese cellist (and one-time companion of Pablo Casals), described his playing of Tartini's "Devil's Trill Sonata" as "marvellous and flawless".
Enrique Banchs (1888 – 1968) was an Argentine poet.
 He published all his work in the space of four years at the beginning of the 20th century, then lay dormant until his death.
 In his four works, "Las barcas" (1907), "El libro de los elogios" (1908), "El cascabel del halcón" (1909) and "La urna" (1911).
 Banchs cultivated an ephemeral, classicistic style drawing inspiration from the Siglo de Oro.
 His final work was composed in sonnets, a form which had already been almost completely abandoned by that time.
 Banchs published nothing during the final fifty years of his life, but he remained a part of the Argentine literary scene, and a member of the Argentine Academy of Letters.
 He was friend of Carlos Alberto Leumann.
John Lionel Darby (20 November 1831 – 5 November 1919) was Dean of Chester in the last decades of the 19th century and the first two of the 20th
Manuel de Falla y Matheu (] , 23 November 187614 November 1946) was a Spanish composer.
 Along with Isaac Albéniz and Enrique Granados, he was one of Spain's most important musicians of the first half of the 20th century.
 His image was on Spain's 1970 100-pesetas banknote.
Enrique Echeverría Vázquez (19231972) was a Mexican painter, part of the Generación de la Ruptura and early member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.
 He was one of a number of painters who broke away from the established painting figurative style in Mexico in the mid 20th century to experiment with abstractionism and other modern movements in painting from Europe.
 Although his career was followed by other artists and critics, he died in the early 1970s when painters of his generation were only beginning to receive widespread recognition for their work.
 While meriting two major exhibits at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City, one just after his death and a retrospective thirty years later in 2003, he and his work are not well known among younger Mexican painters.
