Summer of '92 (Sommeren '92) is a Danish film directed by Kasper Barfoed.
 The film is based on the 1992 UEFA European Football Championship, Denmark's greatest ever football triumph.
 The team had qualified only after Yugoslavia was disqualified as a result of the breakup and warfare in that country.
 The film examines the often difficult relationship between the team's coach Richard Møller Nielsen, and the Danish Football Association and leading players that nonetheless led to triumph in 1992.
Edson Arantes do Nascimento (] ; born 23 October 1940), known as Pelé (] ), is a retired Brazilian professional footballer who played as a forward.
 He is widely regarded as the greatest football player of all time.
 In 1999, he was voted World Player of the Century by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS).
 That same year, Pelé was elected Athlete of the Century by the International Olympic Committee.
 According to the IFFHS, Pelé is the most successful league goal-scorer in the world, scoring 1281 goals in 1363 games, which included unofficial friendlies and tour games.
 During his playing days, Pelé was for a period the best-paid athlete in the world.
The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach is an association football award given annually, since 1996, to the most outstanding club coach as voted by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS).
 The votes, in 1996, were cast by IFFHS's editorial staff as well as experts from 89 countries spanning six different continents.
 Since then, the votes are now awarded by 81 experts and selected editorial offices from all of the continents.
The IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper is a football award given annually since 1987 to the most outstanding goalkeeper of the year as voted by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS).
 The votes are cast by IFFHS's editorial staff as well as experts from different continents.
 currently the worlds best goalkeeper from 2013-2016 is Manuel Neuer.
Isaak Hassler (c. 1530, St. Joachimsthal – 14 July 1591, Nuremberg) was a German Lutheran organist and music teacher, mainly active in Nuremberg.
 He is also notable as the father of the musicians Jakob Hassler, Hans Leo Hassler and Kasper Hassler.
Goštautai (Lithuanian plural form), masculine Goštautas and feminine form Goštautaitė ("Polish" original, after Kasper Niesiecki - Gastoldowie, later transformed into Gasztołdowie) were a Lithuanian noble family, one of the most influential magnate families during the 15th and early 16th centuries.
 Their only serious rivals were the Kęsgailos, and from the end of the 15th century the fast rising in power and influence Radziwiłł family clan.
 It appears from the Latin original spelling of their name Gastoldus which is a variation of "castaldius" that they had been close to the Grand Dukes and that their function was to oversee ducal demesne.
 Most power family gained during the reign of Casimir Jagiellon.
 The castaldius of Vytautas, Andrius Goštautas might have been a voivode of Vilnius and Kreva, and father of Jonas, appears to have been the precursor of the family growth.
 The majority of the family's possessions (lands) were in the western part of the Duchy and eastern ethnic Lithuania.
 After the death of the last scion of the family, Stanislovas Goštautas, the Polish King and Grand Duke of Lithuania Sigismund II Augustus inherited his possessions as a matter of right, per Grand Duchy of Lithuania law.
Kasper Hvidt (born 6 February 1976 in Copenhagen) is a Danish retired handball goalkeeper, who lastly played for KIF Kolding and previous Danish national team.
 He was selected as the best keeper for the 2008 European Men's Handball Championship.
 Hvidt was also voted as Goalkeeper of the Year March 20, 2009, second place was Thierry Omeyer from France.
Kasper Peter Schmeichel (] ; born 5 November 1986) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Leicester City and the Denmark national team.
 He is the son of former Manchester United and Danish international goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel.
Kasper Gus Ntjalka Williams OAM, known as Gus Williams (20 June 1937 – 13 September 2010) was a country singer from Hermannsburg in Central Australia.
 He was an Arrernte man, who was born in Alice Springs.
 He was the father of country star Warren H Williams.
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE (] ; born 18 November 1963) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and was voted the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper in 1992 and 1993.
 He is best remembered for his most successful years at English club Manchester United, whom he captained to the 1999 UEFA Champions League to complete the Treble, and for winning UEFA Euro 1992 with Denmark.
