Between Two Words is Wire Train's second full-length album, released in 1985.
 It was recorded at Studio Motiva in Vienna.
 It was the first Wire Train recording with drummer Brian MacLeod.
 Founding member Kurt Herr departed during the recording sessions, so additional guitars were performed by producer Peter Maunu.
"Cherry Hill Park" is a song written by Robert Nix and Billy Gilmore, arranged by Buddy Buie, James Cobb, and Emory Gordy, Jr., and produced by Buie and Bill Lowery.
 Its original by Billy Joe Royal was a hit in 1969 reaching #15 on both the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and the "Cash Box" chart, and #8 in Canada.
 It was on Royal's 1969 album "Cherry Hill Park".
 Buie also produced its cover version performed by the Classics IV which was released by United Artists Records in 1971.
 He and the Classics IV's manager Paul Cochran were two of the four owners of Studio One.
 The cover was actually marketed with its title combining the first two words of the original's ("Cherryhill Park").
Sail On: The 30th Anniversary Collection is the fifth compilation from the band Kansas, originally released in 2004.
 Along with two CDs that include tracks from each one of the band's studio albums, the compilation also includes a 16-track companion DVD which features numerous television appearances, videos, and live recordings.
 The first two words of the title come from a lyric to the band's 1975 song "Icarus (Borne on Wings of Steel)", which is included in the collection.
Too Much Stereo is the sixth studio album by alternative rock band The Urge.
 It was released in 2000 through Immortal Records in cassette and CD format.
 The album produced two singles, “Too Much Stereo" and "Four Letters and Two Words", and sold 125,00 copies.
 An advance copy was released with different cover art.
Gliding Bird is the debut studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Emmylou Harris, released in 1969 on Jubilee Records (JGS-8031.)
 Her first name was shown as two words ("Emmy Lou") on the jacket.
The College Dropout Video Anthology is a DVD released featuring the music videos to the singles from Kanye West's first studio album, "The College Dropout", released on March 22, 2005.
 It featured the videos to the previously unreleased "Two Words", "Slow Jamz", "Through the Wire", "All Falls Down", the three versions of "Jesus Walks", and "The New Workout Plan".
Comalies is the third studio album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil, released on 29 October 2002 through Century Media.
 According to lead singer Cristina Scabbia, "[During the album's recording], we had a sort of creative explosion.
 We were working in a coma, sort of like in a different dimension.
 First of all we just wanted to use the word 'coma' but there was something missing so we played with the two words coma and lies."
 "Comalies" peaked at #178 on the "Billboard" 200 and Peaked at #9 on the Top Heatseekers and Independent Albums charts.
 The outline of the shape from the cover of the band's previous album "Unleashed Memories" (2001) is faintly visible on top of the sunflower.
 The album has gone on to sell over 300,000 copies in the United States as of January 2012.
No Silence is the fifth studio album released by German DJ and producer, ATB.
 It was released in 2004 and includes hits such as "Marrakech", "Ecstasy" and "Here with Me" (all featuring vocals by Tiff Lacey).
 These three songs were released as singles, with promotional videos for the first two.
 The first two singles were released from the album "No Silence", while "Here With Me" was released from "The DJ 2 in the Mix", ATB's second DJ mix compilation.
 The song "Marrakech" was used in the "Mindhunters" film.
 There is also a special edition album version, which includes a bonus DVD with remixes and videos.
 Unlike his other album releases, ATB used a cross fade effect on each song as a transition to the next song on the album with dream-like sequences and sounds of nature.
Como Ama una Mujer (English: "How a Woman Loves") is the fifth studio album and first Spanish album by American singer and actress Jennifer Lopez.
 It was released on March 23, 2007 by Epic Records.
 After including some Spanish songs on her first two albums, Lopez initially became interested in recording a full-length studio album in 2004 when she recorded a song with her then-husband Marc Anthony for his ninth studio album.
 After releasing her fourth studio album, "Rebirth" (2005), Lopez started working heavily on the album with Anthony, Estéfano and Julio Reyes in a period of two and a half years.
 Composed entirely of ballads (and the exception of a few other genres), "Como Ama una Mujer" talks about love and heartbreak, being organic in its instrumentation and introspective in its lyrics.
Zaireeka is the eighth studio album by the alternative rock band The Flaming Lips.
 Released on October 28, 1997, the experimental rock album consists of four Compact Discs. Each of its eight songs consists of four stereo tracks, one from each CD.
 The album was designed so that when played simultaneously on four separate audio systems, the four CDs would produce a harmonic or juxtaposed sound.
 The discs can also be played in different combinations, omitting one, two or three discs.
 The album's title is a portmanteau of two words: "Zaire", chosen as a symbol of anarchy after Wayne Coyne heard a radio news story about the political instability of the African nation, and "eureka" (literally: "I have found it"), an expression of joyous discovery.
