Texas District 8 of the United States House of Representatives is a Congressional district that includes Montgomery County and Walker County.
 It includes much of the northern outlying areas of metro Houston.
 The current Representative from District 8 is Kevin Brady and has been since 1997.
 For the 2014 election cycle Craig McMichael, a veteran of the Marine Corps, and network engineer had challenged and lost to incumbent Kevin Brady in the Republican Primary.
 In the 2014 General Election, Brady faced off against the Libertarian Party candidate, Ken Petty of Spring, Texas, who won his nomination in the Libertarian District Convention.
 No Democrat ran.
 In the 2016 election, the 20-year incumbent was challenged by 3 challengers: Andre Dean, Craig McMichael, and Steve Toth.
 As of August 2017, Brady is expected to face Democrat Steven David in the 2018 election as well as Independent candidate Todd Carlton.
 David is the first Democrat to challenge Brady since the 2012 election.
Field Marshal Gardihewa Sarath Chandralal Fonseka, RWP, RSP, VSV, USP, MP, rcds, psc (Sarath Fonseka) (Sinhalese: ෆීල්ඩ් මාෂල් සරත් ෆොන්සේකා , Tamil: பீல்ட் மார்ஷல் சரத் பொன்சேகா , born 18 December 1950) is a Sri Lanka's highest rank soldier and politician who was the first Sri Lankan Army officer to be promoted to the rank of Field Marshal.
 He was the eighteenth Commander of Sri Lankan Army, and under his command the Sri Lankan Army ended the 26-year Sri Lankan Civil War in 2009, defeating the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam; he thereafter briefly served as the Chief of Defence Staff.
 After retiring from the Army with the rank of General, he entered politics as the common opposition candidate in the 2010 presidential election contesting against President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
 Following his controversial defeat in the presidential election he was elected to Parliament in the general election that followed.
 Soon after he was made a political prisoner and lost his parliamentary seat.
 Fonseka supported Maithripala Sirisena in the 2015 presidential election and following his victory, the newly appointed President Sirisena gave Fonseka a full pardon reinstating his civic rights, military rank and decorations.
 Later he was promoted to the newly created rank of Field Marshal on 22 March 2015.
 On 9 February 2016 he was appointed to Parliament, and he was appointed Cabinet Minister for Regional Development on 25 February 2016.
Deborah L. Simpson is an American politician from Maine.
 Simpson served as a Democratic State Senator from Maine's 15th District, representing part of Androscoggin County, including her residence in Auburn from 2008 to 2010.
 She was elected to the Maine House of Representatives, representing Auburn, in 2000, 2002, 2004 and 2006, each time as a publicly financed candidate.
 She was unable to seek re-election to the House in 2008 due to term-limits.
 In one of the tighest 2008 State Senate campaigns, Simpson challenged incumbent Republican Lois Snowe-Mello.
 She ran for the State Senate and unseated Snowe-Mello by 104 votes.
 In a Republican wave election, Simpson lost to Snowe-Mello in 2010.
The 1960 Labour Party leadership election was held when, for the first time since 1935, the incumbent leader Hugh Gaitskell was challenged for re-election.
 Normally the annual re-election of the leader had been a formality.
 Gaitskell had lost the 1959 general election and had seen the Labour Party conference adopt a policy of unilateral nuclear disarmament which he considered disastrous and refused to support.
 A vacancy in the deputy leadership was first made by the death of incumbent Aneurin Bevan.
Pennsylvania's 10th Congressional District is located in the central and northeast regions of the state.
 The district was one of the 12 original districts created prior to the 4th Congress.
 It is currently represented by Republican Tom Marino, who defeated Democratic incumbent Chris Carney during the 2010 U.S. House elections.
 In 2006, the 10th district experienced one of the greatest party shifts among all House seats that switched party control: in 2004, Republican Don Sherwood won with an 86% margin of victory over his nearest opponent and two years later, Carney unseated Sherwood by a 53%–47% margin.
 In 2008, Carney won reelection by 12 points but the district swung back in 2010, electing Tom Marino.
 The district is mostly Republican in its political composition, an aspect of the district that is reflected especially well in presidential elections.
 In 2004, President George W. Bush won 60 percent of the vote in the district and in 2008, Senator John McCain beat Senator Barack Obama here by a margin of 54 percent to 45 percent.
 Nonetheless, Carney easily won reelection as a Democrat the same year McCain won the district.
 However, in the 2010 midterm elections, Marino unseated Carney by a 55%–45% margin.
 In 2016, local business man and former mayor of Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, Mike Molesevich challenged Marino for the seat, but he fell to the Republican in November by more than two to one.
 Marino remains the congressman in the 10th district, but he has expressed interest in a 2018 gubernatorial run rather than standing for reelection.
Richard Jason Satawk "R. J." Harris (born November 16, 1972) is a United States Army National Guard warrant officer, politician, law student and former Air Traffic Controller.
 He was a candidate for the Libertarian Party's 2012 nomination for President of the United States.
 In 2010, he unsuccessfully challenged incumbent Tom Cole for the Republican Party nomination in the primary election for Oklahoma's 4th congressional district.
 He ran as an independent candidate for the same congressional seat in 2012.
Patricia "Pan" Godchaux is a moderate Republican who ran for the United States Congress for the 9th federal congressional district in the state of Michigan.
 She challenged seven-term incumbent Joe Knollenberg in the Republican primary and hoped to get Democratic support, as the Democrats' challenger, Nancy Skinner, didn't have to face a primary contest.
 She notes that the district is inclined to vote Republican, and that unless citizens of the district want to re-elect a conservative Republican, their best chance to avoid doing so was by placing a moderate on the ballot in November.
 Ultimately Gochaux failed in her attempt to unseat the seven-term incumbent, garnering 30% of the vote to Knollenberg's 70%, or 20,211 to 46,713 votes.
The 2007 Spruce Grove municipal election was held Monday, October 15, 2007.
 Since 1968, provincial legislation has required every municipality to hold triennial elections.
 The citizens of Spruce Grove, Alberta, elected one mayor, six aldermen (all at large), and two of the seven trustees of Parkland School Division No. 70 (as Ward 5).
 The incumbent mayor Ken Scott, did not run, and the three incumbent Evergreen Catholic Separate Regional Division No. 2 Ward 2 trustees were not challenged (Spruce Grove being part of Ward 2, total nine trustees).
 All four aldermen who re-ran were elected.
 Of the approximately 15,000 eligible voters, only 4,435 turned in a ballot, a voter turnout of 29.6%, and an average of 4.6 aldermen per ballot.
Stayce D. Harris is a United States Air Force Lieutenant General.
 She currently serves as the Assistant Vice Chief of Staff and Director, Air Staff, Headquarters, United States Air Force.
 She also serves as Deputy Chairman of the Air Force Council, and is the Air Force accreditation official for the international Corps of Air Attachés. Harris' promotion is a first for African-American females, as she is the first to hold the three-star rank in the Air Force.
 Additionally, she is the first Air Force Reservist to be promoted to the three-star rank other than the Commander, Air Force Reserve Command.
 Prior to her current assignment Harris was Commander, Twenty-Second Air Force.
Irene T. Griffin (July 25, 1899 – April 1983) was an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly.
 She served one year in the Legislature, but became a bit of a perennial candidate, losing three races for the Assembly, two for the Senate, and one for Congress.
 Griffin first ran for the State Assembly in 1942, but lost the Republican primary to future U.S. Senator Clifford P. Case, future State Senator Kenneth Hand, and two others.
 When Case ran for Congress in 1944, Griffin ran again and won the nomination and the election.
 She did run for a second term in 1945, but sought the Republican nomination for State Senator in 1947, losing to hand in the primary.
 She ran again for Assembly in 1951, but lost the primary to incumbent Florence P. Dwyer.
 She again challenged Dwyer in 1956, this time in a primary for the U.S. House of Representatives; she lost and Dwyer went on to unseat an incumbent in the general election.
 She ran for the Assembly in 1957, upsetting the frontrunner, Nelson Stamler in the Republican primary.
 She lost the General Election to Democrat Mildred Barry Hughes.
 Griffin lost a State Senate primary in 1962 to Stamler, who had since been elected Assemblyman.
 In 1967, she lost a Republican primary for State Assembly to Hugo Pfaltz and Peter J. McDonough by a 2-1 margin.
