Olaf Guthfrithson (Old Norse: "Óláfr Guðrøðsson" ; ; Old Irish: "Amlaíb mac Gofraid" ; died 941) was a Viking leader who ruled Dublin and Viking Northumbria in the 10th century.
 He was the son of Gofraid ua Ímair and great-grandson of Ímar, making him one of the Uí Ímair.
 Olaf succeeded his father as King of Dublin in 934 and succeeded in establishing dominance over the Vikings of Limerick when he captured their king, Amlaíb Cenncairech, in 937.
 That same year he allied with Constantine II of Scotland in an attempt to reclaim the Kingdom of Northumbria which his father had ruled briefly in 927.
 The forces of Olaf and Constantine were defeated by the English led by Æthelstan at the Battle of Brunanburh.
Constantine the Great (Latin: "Flavius Valerius Aurelius Constantinus Augustus" ; Greek: Κωνσταντῖνος ὁ Μέγας ; 27 February 272 AD – 22 May 337 AD), also known as Constantine I or Saint Constantine (in the Orthodox Church as Saint Constantine the Great, Equal-to-the-Apostles), was a Roman Emperor of Illyrian-Greek origin from 306 to 337 AD.
 He was the son of Flavius Valerius Constantius, a Roman Army officer, and his consort Helena.
 His father became "Caesar", the deputy emperor in the west, in 293 AD.
 Constantine was sent east, where he rose through the ranks to become a military tribune under Emperors Diocletian and Galerius.
 In 305, Constantius raised himself to the rank of "Augustus", senior western emperor, and Constantine was recalled west to campaign under his father in Britannia (Britain).
 Constantine was acclaimed as emperor by the army at Eboracum (modern-day York) after his father's death in 306 AD, and he emerged victorious in a series of civil wars against Emperors Maxentius and Licinius to become sole ruler of both west and east by 324 AD.
Olaf II Haakonsson (1370 – 23 August 1387) was King of Denmark as Olaf II (1376–1387) and King of Norway as Olaf IV (1380–1387).
 Olaf was son of King Haakon VI of Norway and the grandson of King Magnus IV of Sweden.
 His mother was Queen Margaret I of Denmark which made him the grandson of King Valdemar IV of Denmark.
 In addition to his claim on the thrones of Denmark and later Norway, he was in the direct succession line to the throne of Sweden (but for the interposition of Albert of Mecklenburg).
Levan (Georgian: ლევანი ) (1573–1590), of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king of Imereti from 1585 to 1588.
 He succeeded on the death of his father, George II, in 1585 when he was twelve years old.
 With his ascend to the throne, Leon faced a revolt by his own uncle, Constantine, who defied the royal authority and took control of Upper Imereti.
 Leon made an alliance with the Mingrelian prince Mamia IV Dadiani, married his sister Marekhi, and forced Constantine to surrender in 1587.
 A year later, Imereti was invaded by Simon I, the resurgent king of Kartli in eastern Georgia, who sought to reunify all Georgian lands under his crown.
 Leon was forced to flee to the highland province of Lechkhumi, but was soon able to resume the throne after Simon had to return to Kartli.
 However, Leon soon quarreled with his brother-in-law Mamia IV Dadiani who defeated the king and imprisoned him at Fort Shkheti, Mingrelia, where he died in 1590.
Constantine Doukas (or Doux) (Greek: ) (died 913) was a prominent Byzantine general.
 In 904, he stopped the influential eunuch court official Samonas from defecting to the Arabs.
 In return, Samonas manipulated his father, Andronikos Doukas, into rebelling and fleeing to the Abbasid court in 906/7.
 Constantine followed his father to Baghdad , but soon escaped and returned to Byzantium, where he was restored by Leo VI the Wise to favour and entrusted with high military offices.
 Upon the death of the Emperor Alexander, Constantine with the support of several aristocrats unsuccessfully tried to usurp the throne from the young Constantine VII, but was killed in a clash with supporters of the legitimate emperor.
The Separate (or Independent) Saga of St. Olaf "(Olav den helliges saga") is one of the kings' sagas.
 It was written about King Olaf II of Norway ("Olaf Haraldsson"), later Saint Olaf ("Olav den Hellige"), patron saint of Norway.
Constantine, son of Áed (Medieval Gaelic: "Constantín mac Áeda"; Modern Gaelic: "Còiseam mac Aoidh", known in most modern regnal lists as Constantine II; died 952) was an early King of Scotland, known then by the Gaelic name "Alba".
 The Kingdom of Alba, a name which first appears in Constantine's lifetime, was in northern Great Britain.
 The core of the kingdom was formed by the lands around the River Tay.
 Its southern limit was the River Forth, northwards it extended towards the Moray Firth and perhaps to Caithness, while its western limits are uncertain.
 Constantine's grandfather Kenneth I of Scotland (Cináed mac Ailpín, died 858) was the first of the family recorded as a king, but as king of the Picts.
 This change of title, from king of the Picts to king of Alba, is part of a broader transformation of Pictland and the origins of the Kingdom of Alba are traced to Constantine's lifetime.
The St. Olaf Band, an ensemble of approximately 90 musicians, is the touring concert band of St. Olaf College, Northfield, Minnesota.
 The band was founded in 1891, and holds the honor of being the first music organization established at St. Olaf.
 F. Melius Christiansen assumed leadership of the band in 1903.
 In 1906, Christiansen took the St. Olaf Band on tour to Norway to play for King Haakon VII, making it the first college music ensemble to conduct a tour abroad.
Constantine (Georgian: კონსტანტინე , "Konstantine"; Russian: Константин Давидович Имеретинский , "Konstantin Davidovich Imeretinsky") (4 July 1789 – 3 May 1844) was a Georgian royal prince ("batonishvili"), belonging to the Imereti branch of the Bagrationi dynasty.
 A son of King David II of Imereti, Constantine was recognized as heir apparent by Solomon II, who had supplanted his father.
 Constantine's succession to the throne of Imereti was precluded by the Russian annexation of that country in 1810.
 Constantine subsequently entered the Russian Imperial military service, where he rose to the rank of Major-General.
Constantine Bay (Cornish: Eglos Costentin , meaning "church of St Constantine") is a village and beach on the Atlantic coast of north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
 It is situated approximately three miles (5 km) west of Padstow and is in the parish of St Merryn.
 The beach is popular with surfers and has lifeguard patrols in the summer.
 Constantine Bay is named after Saint Constantine, a 6th-century Cornish saint possibly identified with a minor British king Constantine.
 St Constantine's Well, an historic site, is accessible by public right of way on Trevose Golf Club's golf course.
 The area was a favourite holiday location of Margaret Thatcher during her premiership and also of former Prime Minister David Cameron.
