South Asia or Southern Asia is a term used to represent the southern region of the Asian continent, which comprises the sub-Himalayan SAARC countries and, for some authorities, adjoining countries to the west and east.
 Topographically, it is dominated by the Indian Plate, which rises above sea level as Nepal and northern parts of India situated south of the Himalayas and the Hindu Kush.
 South Asia is bounded on the south by the Indian Ocean and on land (clockwise, from west) by West Asia, Central Asia, East Asia, and Southeast Asia.
Awaous ocellaris is a species of goby native to fresh, marine and brackish waters of southern Asia from India to the Philippines, and eastern Asia to Japan as well as the islands of Oceania.
 This species can reach a length of 13 cm TL.
 It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.
Plantago ovata, known by many common names including blond plantain, desert Indianwheat, blond psyllium, and ispaghul, is a medicinal plant native to Western Asia and Southern Asia.
 The plant can be found growing wild in the southwestern United States, where it is considered a possibly introduced species.
Ceiba pentandra is a tropical tree of the order Malvales and the family Malvaceae (previously separated in the family Bombacaceae), native to Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, northern South America, and (as the variety "C. pentandra" var.
 "guineensis") to tropical west Africa.
 A somewhat smaller variety is found throughout southern Asia and the East Indies.
 Kapok is the most used common name for the tree and may also refer to the cotton-like fluff obtained from its seed pods.
 The tree is cultivated for the seed fibre, particularly in south-east Asia, and is also known as the Java cotton, Java kapok, silk-cotton, Samauma, or ceiba.
Heteropogon contortus is a tropical, perennial tussock grass with a native distribution encompassing Southern Africa, southern Asia, Northern Australia, Oceania, and southwestern North America.
 The species has also become a naturalised weed in tropical and subtropical regions in the Americas and East Asia.
 The plant grows to 1.5 m in height and is favoured in most environments by frequent burning.
 The plants develop characteristic dark seeds with a single long awn at one end and a sharp spike at the other.
 The awn becomes twisted when dry and straightens when moistened, and in combination with the spike is capable of drilling the seed into the soil.
Eleocharis atropurpurea is a species of spikesedge known by the common name purple spikerush.
 This is an aquatic plant native to much of (Africa, eastern and southern Asia, Australia, Latin America).
 It also has a wide distribution in temperate regions of North and South America and Asia.
 It is present in Europe, where it may be an introduced species for the most part.
Ammi visnaga is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by many common names, including toothpick-plant, toothpickweed, bisnaga, and khella.
 Also known as Bishop's weed.
 It is native to Europe, Asia, and North Africa, but it can be found throughout the world as an introduced species.
 This is an annual or biennial herb growing from a taproot erect to a maximum height near 80 centimeters.
 Leaves are up to 20 centimeters long and generally oval to triangular in shape but dissected into many small linear to lance-shaped segments.
 The inflorescence is a compound umbel of white flowers similar to those of other Apiaceae species.
 The fruit is a compressed oval-shaped body less than 3 millimeters long.
 This and other "Ammi" species are sources of khellin, a diuretic extract.
Asian cinema refers to the film industries and films produced in the continent of Asia, and is also sometimes known as Eastern cinema.
 More commonly, however, it is most often used to refer to the cinema of Eastern, Southeastern and Southern Asia.
 West Asian cinema is sometimes classified as part of Middle Eastern cinema, along with the cinema of Egypt.
 The cinema of Central Asia is often grouped with the Middle East or, in the past, the cinema of the Soviet Union during the Soviet Central Asia era.
 North Asia is dominated by Siberian Russian cinema, and is thus considered part of European cinema.
Ammi is a genus of 3 to 6 species of plants in the Apiaceae family.
 They are native to southern Europe, northern Africa and Southwest Asia.
 "Ammi spp."
 (Bishops weed) is prohibited by the Australian New Zealand Food Standards code under standard 1.4.4 due to active constituents:
Lycoris is a genus of 13–20 species of flowering plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Amaryllidoideae.
 They are native to eastern and southern Asia in China, Japan, southern Korea, northern Vietnam, northern Laos, northern Thailand, northern Burma, Nepal, northern Pakistan, Afghanistan, and eastern Iran.
 They were imported into North Carolina and now grow wild.
 In English they are also called hurricane lilies or cluster amaryllis.
 The genus shares the English name spider lily with two other related genera.
