Russia Day (Russian: День России, "Den' Rossii" ) is the national holiday of the Russian Federation.
 It has been celebrated annually on June 12 since 1992.
 It commemorates the adoption of the Declaration of State Sovereignty of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) on June 12, 1990.
 The passage of this Declaration by the First Congress of People's Deputies marked the beginning of constitutional reform in the Russian Soviet state.
Nikolai Lugansky (Russian: Никола́й Льво́вич Луга́нский ; born 26 April 1972) is a Russian pianist from Moscow.
 At the age of five, before he had learned to read music, he played a Beethoven piano sonata learned completely by ear.
 He studied piano at the Moscow Central Music School and the Moscow Conservatory.
 His teachers included Tatiana Kestner, Tatiana Nikolayeva and Sergei Dorensky.
Valentin Sergeyevich Pavlov (Russian: Валентин Серге́евич Павлов ; 27 September 1937 – 30 March 2003) was a Soviet official who became a Russian banker following the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
 Born in the city of Moscow, then part of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, Pavlov began his political career in the Ministry of Finance in 1959.
 Later, during the Brezhnev Era, he became head of the Financial Department of the State Planning Committee.
 Pavlov was appointed to the post of Chairman of the State Committee on Prices during the Gorbachev Era, and later became Minister of Finance in Nikolai Ryzhkov's second government.
 He went on to succeed Ryzhkov as head of government in the newly established post of Prime Minister of the Soviet Union.
Tatyana Petrovna Nikolayeva (Russian: Татья́на Петро́вна Никола́ева , "Tat'jana Petrovna Nikolaeva"; May 4, 1924November 22, 1993) was a Russian Soviet pianist, composer and teacher.
The Russian Soviet Government Bureau (1919-1921), sometimes known as the "Soviet Bureau," was an unofficial diplomatic organization established by the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic in the United States during the Russian Civil War.
 The Soviet Bureau primarily functioned as a trade and information agency of the Soviet government.
 Suspected of engaging in political subversion, the Soviet Bureau was raided by law enforcement authorities at the behest of the Lusk Committee of the New York State legislature in 1919.
 The Bureau was terminated early in 1921.
Nikolai Vasilyevich Krylenko (Russian: Никола́й Васи́льевич Крыле́нко ; May 2, 1885 – July 29, 1938) was a Russian Bolshevik revolutionary and a Soviet politician.
 Krylenko served in a variety of posts in the Soviet legal system, rising to become People's Commissar for Justice and Prosecutor General of the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic.
Nikolai Ivanovich Ryzhkov (Ukrainian: Рижков Микола Іванович, Russian: Николай Иванович Рыжков, "Nikolaj Ivanovič Ryžkov"; born 28 September 1929) is a former Soviet official who became a Russian politician following the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
 He served as the last Chairman of the Council of Ministers (the post was abolished and replaced by that of Prime Minister in 1991).
 Responsible for the cultural and economic administration of the Soviet Union during the late Gorbachev Era, Ryzhkov was succeeded as premier by Valentin Pavlov in 1991.
 The same year, he lost his seat on the Presidential Council, going on to become Boris Yeltsin's leading opponent in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) 1991 presidential election.
Nikolai Nikolayevich Sidelnikov (Russian: Никола́й Никола́евич Сиде́льников ; June 5, 1930, Tver – June 20, 1992) was a Russian Soviet composer.
Ministry of Finance of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (Russian: Министерство финансов РСФСР ), known prior to 1946 as the People's Commissariat for Finance (Russian: Народный комиссариат финансов ), or shorten to Narkomfin was part of the government of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic from 1918 to the collapse of the USSR in 1991.
 It was subordinate to the Ministry of Finance of the USSR.
Maria Grinberg (Russian: Mария Израилевна Гринберг, "Marija Israilevna Grinberg") (September 6, 1908 – July 14, 1978), was a Soviet pianist.
 She was born in Odessa, Ukraine, then part of the Russian Empire.
 Her father was a Hebrew scholar and her mother taught piano privately.
 Until the age of 18, Maria took piano lessons from Odessa's noted teacher David Aisberg.
 Eventually she became a pupil of Felix Blumenfeld (who also taught Vladimir Horowitz) and later, after his death, continued her studies with Konstantin Igumnov at the Moscow Conservatory.
 In 1935, she won the Second Prize at the Second All-Union Pianist Competition.
