The Delta Machine Tour was a worldwide concert tour by English electronic music band Depeche Mode in support of the group's 13th studio album, "Delta Machine", released 22 March 2013.
 Following a warm-up show in Nice, France on 4 May 2013, the tour kicked off in Tel Aviv, Israel, and continued through Europe until late July, culminating in Minsk – the group's first performance in Belarus.
 A North American tour followed in late August, beginning in the Detroit suburb of Clarkston, Michigan and culminating in Austin, Texas in early October.
 The band performed at the Austin City Limits Music Festival, which in 2013 was held across two weekends for the first time.
 A second leg in Europe went from 3 November Abu Dhabi to 7 March 2014 Moscow.
 Among the dates were Dublin, Amsterdam, Oslo and Belfast, their first shows in Northern Ireland in almost 30 years.
Extended Play is a 1981 EP released by new wave band Pretenders.
 "Message of Love" and "Talk of the Town" featured on this EP were also included on their second album "Pretenders II" released later the same year.
 "Porcelain" and "Cuban Slide", outtakes from their "Pretenders" debut album, were included on Disc Two of the 2006 remastered edition of their debut album and on the "Pirate Radio" box set.
 The live version of "Precious" on this EP, recorded at their August 30, 1980 New York Central Park performance, has still yet to be released on CD.
 The booklet for Disc One of the "Pretenders" debut album from the 2015 UK Edsel / Rhino Records box set "1979-1999" incorrectly states "Precious" (track 17) is from that Central Park performance but it's from their March 23, 1980 Boston performance that's also on Disc Two of the 2006 remastered edition of their debut album.
Act of Congress is a Birmingham, Alabama based singer-songwriter group.
 They play only acoustic instruments in their music, giving them a sound that is unique, meshing several genres of music together.
 Their first performance of the debut album "Declaration" sold out at WorkPlay Theater in Birmingham in 2008.
The Red Telephone is a Boston-based atmospheric pop band active since 1995.
 The Red Telephone emerged from the Boston underground pop scene in the late 90’s.
 Weeks after the band’s first performance in early 1996, the quartet unexpectedly made it to the semifinal round of WBCN’s legendary Rumble, a nod which led to the release of a 7-inch single, “Maya,” on Arista subsidiary Time Bomb Records.
 By December, less than a year after their inception, The Red Telephone were signed to Warner Brothers Records.
 Their self-titled debut album, produced by Dennis Herring (Elvis Costello, Throwing Muses), was released in 1998.
Grace's Debut is a live album by the American psychedelic rock band Jefferson Airplane and released on Collector's Choice Records on October 11, 2010.
 The album features Grace Slick's first performance with the band after she replaced their former female-vocalist, Signe Toly Anderson.
 Arguably the turning point of Jefferson Airplane's career, the event leading to Slick's entry into the group was on the weekend of October 14–16, 1966, when the band played at the Filmore Auditorium on a triple bill, preceded by the Paul Butterfield Blues Band and followed by Big Mama Thornton for two shows a day.
 Anderson performed for the first two days, with the night concert on Saturday archived on the live album, "Signe's Farewell".
Drive By is the eleventh album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks first released on the Fish of Milk label in 2003 and later on the ReR label internationally.
 The album features a single hour-long track, titled "Drive By", performed by Chris Abrahams, Lloyd Swanton and Tony Buck.
 The Guardian review likened the album to "an hour-long ride through William Gibson territory in a sleek limo, blurred shapes barely visible through the tinted windows" and that The Necks "have created a method of performing that transcends style while retaining meaning - in the most stylish way possible".
 The album won the ARIA Music Awards Best Jazz album in 2004.
Tinted Windows is an American rock supergroup formed by guitarist James Iha, previously of The Smashing Pumpkins, singer Taylor Hanson of Hanson, bassist Adam Schlesinger of Fountains of Wayne and Ivy, and Bun E. Carlos of Cheap Trick.
 Josh Lattanzi also often performs with the band as the second guitarist.
 This new project will run alongside all the artists' main bands.
 The first performance by the band was on March 18, 2009 at Cain's Ballroom in Tulsa, Oklahoma in a small show at the side-stage.
 Tickets sold out quickly and people flew from all over the world to see the debut.
 The band made their South by Southwest Festival debut in Austin, Texas on Friday, March 20, 2009 at the Levi/Fader Fort, followed by a set at Pangaea.
 The band also played at The Bamboozle music festival in New Jersey on May 3, 2009.
"Ants Marching" is a song by American rock group Dave Matthews Band.
 It was released in September 1995 as the second single from their debut album "Under the Table and Dreaming".
 It reached #18 on the Alternative chart and on the mainstream rock chart as well.
 The song was considered a successful, hit single.
 A different recording of it was included on their prior album, "Remember Two Things".
 This version was significantly longer, clocking in at 6:08.
 According to DMBAlmanac.com, the song is possibly one of DMB's best known songs, and Dave Matthews described it as being "our anthem."
 Dave Mathews wrote the music and lyrics prior to its first performance in 1991.
Tinted Windows is the eponymous debut album of the American supergroup, Tinted Windows.
 Tinted Windows was formed in New York City and consists of guitarist James Iha, previously of The Smashing Pumpkins and A Perfect Circle, singer Taylor Hanson of Hanson, bassist Adam Schlesinger of Fountains of Wayne and Ivy, and Cheap Trick's Bun E. Carlos.
 The album was recorded at Stratosphere Sound Studios in New York, which Schlesinger and Iha co-own with Ivy's Andy Chase.
Abstrakt Intellekt is a hip hop duo from Dearborn Heights (Downriver), MI, which was active between 1999-2010.
 It is composed of Ross Johnstone (DamoSport or just Damo) and Kevin Freeman (Mike King), who first appeared together in 2000.
 Their first performance was at the Microphone Mystery tour at Saint Andrew's Hall which was headlined by Kid Capri.
 The group quickly caught the attention of Mike E. Clark, and released their debut album "First Contact" on B4 Records in 2002.
 "First Contact" featured Hush and Paradime, with Clark as executive producer.
 Moderate sales and an extensive live campaign garnered Abstrakt Intellekt enough local acclaim for them to be nominated in 2003 for "Album of the Year" in the Detroit Hip Hop Awards, and "Best group or duo" in the 2004 Detroit Rap Awards.
 The group parted ways with Mike Clark in 2005 and signed to an independent record label called Protekted Records, but left shortly after due to creative differences.
 The group started their own label in 2006 called Shadow Creek Entertainment.
 which released "The Downriver Dirtbag Mixtape" in 2006, and "The Hip Hop Experience" in 2007.
