Albert Hoit Bumstead was an American cartographer and inventor.
 He was born in Boston in 1875, and attended Worcester Academy for one year, graduating in 1894.
 His home at that time was Atlanta, Georgia.
 Albert went on to Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI) and studied civil engineering.
 After WPI, he was a surveyor for the U.S. Geological Survey.
 In 1910 he resided in Townsend Harbor, Massachusetts.
 In 1912, he was the topographer of the Yale University expedition to Peru, and by 1916 he was a cartographer at the National Geographic Society.
 Bumstead invented three sun compasses used by Admiral Richard Byrd and by the Navy aviators in the Arctic expedition led by Donald MacMillan.
 In addition, he developed a method for making marble bas-reliefs from photographs using a dual vision device, a prime with two reflecting surfaces.
 Albert died on January 9, 1940.
 Mount Bumstead in the Antarctic is named for him.
Rashad Muhammad (born October 10, 1988), better known as HazeBanga, is a Grammy nominated, ASCAP award winning music producer and music technology inventor from San Diego California.
 He has co-worked with Grammy Award-winning producer Hit-Boy on album/single productions for artistes like Beyoncé, Mariah Carey, M.I.A, Will.i.am, Selena Gomez and Rita Ora.
 In 2017, HazeBanga was nominated for the Grammy Award for Album of the Year for his work on Lemonade (Beyoncé album).
Nick D'Aloisio (born November 1, 1995) is an English computer programmer, philosopher and internet entrepreneur.
 He is best known as the inventor of Summly, which is an automatic summarization algorithm, developed with SRI International.
 D'Aloisio has been recognised as the youngest person to receive a round of venture capital in technology, at just 15 years of age.
 As of March 2013, Summly was sold to Yahoo for a reported US$30 million making him one of the youngest self-made millionaires.
 D'Aloisio was awarded "Innovator of the Year" in New York City by the Wall Street Journal for his work on Summly and at Yahoo.
 D'Aloisio was also included in TIME Magazine's 'Time 100' as one of the world's most influential teenagers, as well as being profiled in their "Secrets of Genius" Publication.
 Until October 2015, D'Aloisio led the critically acclaimed Yahoo News Digest, which launched at CES 2014 and won the 2014 Apple Design Award at WWDC for its technological and product excellence.
 During the summer of 2015, he was also the "Entrepreneur in Residence" at Airbnb.
 He is currently a student at Hertford College, Oxford University, where he is studying Computer Science and Philosophy.
 In April 2017, D'Aloisio announced the publication of an academic paper in the peer-reviewed journal Philosophical Psychology (Routledge, Taylor & Francis) entitled "Imagery and Overflow: We See More Than We Report" , and the presentation of a second paper at a conference held at the Centre for Philosophical Psychology, University of Antwerp.
.
 A third paper of his received a revise & resubmit decision from the peer-reviewed philosophy journal Ratio (Wiley-Blackwell), and a fourth paper recently received a revise & resubmit decision from the peer-reviewed psychology journal The Review of Philosophy and Psychology (Springer).
J. Robert Sims (born c. 1941) is an American chemical and mechanical engineer, former research engineer at ExxonMobil, and inventor, who served as president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers for the year 2014-2015.
Ernest Ludwig Daman (born March 14, 1923) is a German/American mechanical engineer, inventor, and business executive, who was Senior Vice President of Foster Wheeler Corporation.
 He is known as president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in the year 1988-89.
Lonnie George Johnson (born October 6, 1949) is an American inventor and engineer who holds more than 80 patents.
 Johnson is best known for inventing the Super Soaker water gun, which has ranked among the world's top 20 best-selling toys every year since its release.
Ravi Arimilli (born 1963) is an IBM Fellow and Chief Architect.
 Largely responsible for development of the POWER5, he is one of the most prolific inventors in the world, being awarded 78 patents in 2002 and a further 53 in 2003.
 He has won IBM's Inventor of the Year award each year since 1998.
 He has over 474 patents to his name and is currently listed among the top 20 patent holders alive in the United States of America.
Barbara S. Askins (born 1939) is an American chemist.
 She is best known for her invention of a method to enhance underexposed photographic negatives.
 This development was used extensively by NASA and the medical industry, and it earned Askins the title of National Inventor of the Year in 1978.
Christopher Panzner (born 1959) is an American artist/writer/producer living and working in France.
 He has worked for a number of pioneers in the television and film industry, notably as Technical Director for the inventor of interactive television shopping, the Home Shopping Network and as Operations Director, France, for the inventor of the colorization process for black-and-white films, Color Systems Technology.
 He has developed animation software (Pixibox), designed theme channels (Canal +) and was Managing Director of the Luxembourg-based studio, Luxanima, which shared an International Emmy in 1994 for French CGI series Insektors.
 He went on to set up an animation/FX studio (motion capture/motion control), Image Effects, where he supervised the creation of 2D animated series "The Tidings" for Entertainment Rights before creating his own studio in the east of France the following year, Talkie Walkie, specializing in pre-production (design, storyboard and layout) and computer production (ink-and-paint/compositing) and whose clients included a Who’s Who of international television animation producers such as SIP, RTV Family Entertainment, Alphanim and Cinar (now called Cookie Jar.)
 He joined Paris-based production company TEVA in 2001 and was instrumental in the financing and/or the making of five animated features there in 2002–2004: double-Oscar nominated The Triplets of Belleville, Venice Film Festival selection "The Dog, the General and the Birds", "Jester Till", "Blackmor’s Treasure" (Associate Producer) and "Charlie and Mimmo" (Co-Producer).
 In 2002, TEVA and Mistral Films won the grand prize at IMAGINA for an experimental short film, "The Tale of the Floating World" directed by Alain Escalle, beating such prestigious competition as "Shrek", "Amélie" and "The Lord of the Rings", and was entirely responsible for the fabrication of Storimages’ Pulcinella-winning and International Emmy-nominated special, "Harold Peeble", based on the book by famous French illustrator Sempé.
 In 2006, "The Triplets of Belleville", "The Dog, the General and the Pigeons" and "Blackmor’s Treasure" were part of an eight-film retrospective of contemporary French animation at the Museum of Modern Art in New York called "Grand Illusions: The Best of Recent French Animation."
Samuel Joseph Mackie FGS, FSA (21 January 1823 – 31 May 1902), was a British geologist, inventor, and editor.
 He was a founding member of the Geologists' Association and the Anthropological Society of London, and sole editor of "The Geologist: a Popular Monthly Magazine of Geology", a precursor to the "Geological Magazine".
 Born in Dover to Samuel and Eleanor Mackie, he married Maria Kemp on 4 December 1845, and after her death married Susan Arabella in October, 1853.
 He edited "The Geologist" from 1858 to 1864, at which point it was acquired by Lovell Reeve & Co. The next year he established the "Geological and Natural History Repertory", which folded in 1869.
