Chellamae (Tamil: செல்லமே ; English: Darling ) is a 2004 Tamil film directed by Gandhi Krishna, who directed the critically acclaimed "Nila Kaalam".
 The film stars Vishal, Reema Sen, Bharath, Bhanupriya and Vivek.
Jyothika was initially approached for the Lead role.
 The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Harris Jayaraj.
 This film marks the debut of Vishal Krishna as an actor.
 It was dubbed into Telugu as "Prema Chadaragam".
Autograph is a 2004 Tamil film directed by Cheran.
 The film's soundtrack is composed by Bharathwaj.
 Cheran also plays the lead role in the film, and other cast members include Gopika, Sneha and Mallika.
While Kanika made a Special appearance.
Kedi is a 2006 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Jyothi Krishna, who earlier directed the 2004 Tamil film "Enakku 20 Unakku 18".
 Starring his brother Ravi Krishna in the lead role, the film marks the Kollywood debut of the female actress Tamannaah Bhatia and Ileana.
 Where Tamannaah plays a character with negative shade and Ileana plays love interest of Ravi Krishna whilst Ramesh Khanna, Atul Kulkarni, Adithya, M. S. Baskar and Suman Setty played supporting roles in the film.
 The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 The film released on 24 September 2006 and was later dubbed into Telugu and released as "Jadoo".
The film earned mixed to positive reviews in both Tamil and Telugu and commercial success.
Pudhukottaiyilirundhu Saravanan (English: Saravanan from Pudukottai ) is a 2004 Tamil action romance film written and directed by S. S. Stanley.
 The film featured Dhanush and newcomer Aparna Pillai in lead roles, while Karunas played a supporting role.
 The music for the film was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja, while Krishnakanth produced the venture.
 The film was released on 16 January 2004, coinciding with Thai Pongal, and received an average response commercially and critically.
 The film was later dubbed and released as "Shourya" in Telugu.
Kangalal Kaidhu Sei (English: Arrest by eyes ) is a 2004 Tamil language film, written and directed by Bharathiraja.
 It stars Vaseegaran in the protagonist's role and marks actress Priyamani's debut in the Tamil film industry.
 Music was scored by A. R. Rahman, which was the major highlight of this film.
 The film received mixed reviews and became a box office failure.
Madana is a 2006 Indian Kannada film directed by actor Jai Jagadish, making his directorial debut.
 The film, a remake of the successful 2004 Tamil film "Manmadhan", written by Silambarasan Rajendar, stars Aditya in the title role with Samiksha, Charmila, Shobaraj, Ramesh Bhat and Bullet Prakash playing supporting roles.
 The film was released in 3 November 2006 to poor reviews and failed to attract the audience, ending up as box office bomb.
Maha Nadigan (English: "Great Actor") is a 2004 Tamil film directed by Sakthi Chidambaram.
 It is a satire of Tamil cinema and politics, with Sathyaraj playing a common man who goes to become a cinema superstar and then the chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
Revathy (born 27September 1988), known by her stage name Sandhya, is an Indian film actress who acts primarily in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu and Kannada films.
 She made her debut as an actress in the 2004 Tamil film "Kaadhal" (2004), her performance in which earned her a Filmfare Award and Special Jury Tamil Nadu State Film Award.
Manjari is a 2013 Nepali film written and directed by Ganesh Dev Panday and starring Gaurav Pahari and Sujata Koirala.
 This movie is a remake of the 2004 Tamil film "Kaadhal".
Gilli is a 2009 Kannada-language drama film directed by Raghav Loki.
 The film, a remake of the 2004 Tamil film "7G Rainbow Colony", directed by Selvaraghavan, marks the acting debut of actor Jaggesh's sons Gururaj and Yethiraj and actress Rakul Preet Singh, who enact the lead roles, originally played by Ravi Krishna, Suman Setty and Sonia Agarwal, whilst Sudha Belavadi, Srinivas and Veena Venkatesh play supporting roles.
 The film, with music scored by noted Tamil composer Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography handled by "Mungaru Male" fame Krishna, was launched in February 2009 and released on 16 October 2009, coinciding with Diwali.
