Jackson College is a college located in Jackson County, Michigan.
 Originally established as Jackson Junior College in 1928, Jackson County electors voted to reincorporate the institution as a Community College District under the "Public Act 188 of 1955" in 1962.
 In 1964 voters approved a charter millage that continues to indefinitely fund the college.
 In June 2013, the board of directors approved an official name change from Jackson Community College to Jackson College, removing the word "community".
Jackson County Early College is a public high school located in Sylva, North Carolina.
 It opened as an alternative to Smoky Mountain High School in 2008 for those students willing to put in extra work to also earn a community college 2-year degree along with their High School Diploma.
 Jackson County Early College is a part of the Jackson County School System.
 It serves as an extension of Smoky Mountain High School, with Students being able to participate in Smoky Mountain Extracurricular activities, such as Marching Band, Indoor Percussion, Jazz Band, Sports, and some Clubs.
 It was originally located in Oaks Hall on the Southwestern Community College Campus in Webster, NC, where quarters were tight due to the increasing enrollment of the Early College and Southwestern Community College, but it moved in the Fall of 2010 to a building with eight classrooms built by the county for the student's High School Classes, to get them out of the college buildings.
 This has also allowed for the ability of the enrollment to go up to over 100.
 The Early College also relieves pressure from Smoky Mountain High School, which at one time boasted a little over 900 students, but has dropped down to a more manageable size of around 780 students.
Jackson County Public Schools is a public school district serving Jackson County, North Carolina, USA.
 It is headquartered in the county seat of Sylva.
 The Jackson County School system is unique in the way that is still has a K-8 System with combined Elementary and Middle Schools, with one central High School and one combined K-12 Elementary/Middle/High School.
 The county school system has eight schools, all with different histories and stories behind why they are the way they are today.
 The school system includes four Kindergarten through 8th Grade Schools, two Kindergarten through 12th Grade Schools, one traditional 9th through 12th Grade High School, and one alternative 9th through 12th Grade High School Early College.
Blue Ridge School is a public combined Elementary, Middle, and High School located in Cashiers, North Carolina and is part of the Jackson County Public Schools System.
 It is the smallest school in the district and resulted from the consolidation of the larger Glenville Elementary and High School and the smaller Cashiers Elementary School in 1975.
 The building consists of three 100' diameter round "pods," which have no permanent partitions, with one hallway for each radiating into a central pod that houses a lobby and the school's front offices.
 The school is very similar to Fairview Elementary School in Sylva, but Blue Ridge is smaller than Fairview, no stage and the library isn't in a pod, as well as having grades 7-12 in two detached classroom buildings, making up the "Virtual Early College" component of the school.
 The other schools with a high school program in the county are Smoky Mountain High School and Jackson County Early College.
 Blue Ridge serves the towns of Cashiers and Glenville as well as the communities of Sapphire, Fairfield, and Whiteside Cove with public education.
Advent is an unincorporated community in southeastern Jackson County, West Virginia, United States.
 It lies along Advent Road southeast of the city of Ripley, the county seat of Jackson County, and near Jackson County's borders with Kanawha and Roane counties.
 Its elevation is 791 feet (241 m).
 Advent had a post office, which closed on December 25, 2010.
Jackson County is located in the Arkansas Delta in the U.S. state of Arkansas.
 The county is named for Andrew Jackson, a national hero during the War of 1812.
 By the county's formation in 1829, Jackson had become the seventh President of the United States.
 Jackson County is home to seven incorporated towns and four incorporated cities, including Newport, the largest city and county seat.
 The county is also the site of numerous unincorporated communities and ghost towns. Occupying 633.94 sqmi , Woodruff County is the 41st largest county of the 75 in Arkansas.
 As of the 2010 Census, the county's population is 17,997 people in 7,601 households.
 Based on population, the county is the 40th-largest county in Arkansas.
 Although terrain rises in the west, most of Jackson County is within the Arkansas Delta, characterized by largely flat terrain with fertile soils.
 Historically covered in forest, bayous and swamps, the area was cleared for agriculture by early settlers.
 It is drained by the White River.
The Jackson County Courthouse, located at Main Street and Broadway in Altus, is the county courthouse serving Jackson County, Oklahoma.
 Construction began on the courthouse in 1910, two years after Altus became the permanent county seat of Jackson County, and was completed in 1911.
 Architecture firm C.E. Hair and Company designed the building in the Classical Revival style; it was the first county courthouse the firm planned in Oklahoma.
 The three-story courthouse is built from limestone with a granite foundation.
 A two-story portico supported by four columns surrounds the main entrance.
 While a metal dome originally topped the building, it was removed in 1938 due to irreparable corrosion.
Cullowhee is a census-designated place (CDP) in Jackson County, North Carolina, United States.
 The population was 9,428 as of the 2010 census.
 The area known as Cullowhee has Western Carolina University, part of the UNC System, and the village/town of Forest Hills within its area.
 The Jackson County Recreation Department and the Jackson County Airport are also located in the Cullowhee area.
 The name of the town was long thought to mean "Valley of the Lillies," but is actually derived from part of the Cherokee phrase "joolth-cullah-wee" which translates as "Judacullah's Place."
 Judacullah, a giant warrior and hunter who the Cherokee believe lived in the area, is an important figure in their religion and culture.
Cottageville (also Moores Mill, Rhodess Mill, or Wrights Mill) is an unincorporated community in western Jackson County, West Virginia, United States.
 It lies along West Virginia Route 331 northwest of the city of Ripley, the county seat of Jackson County.
 Established in 1858, its elevation is 594 feet (181 m).
 Although Cottageville is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 25239.
 It also is the site of the annual Jackson County Junior Fair.
 Michael Coleman, a well known early Indian fighter, was killed and buried in the area, according to a historical marker placed by the state of WV.
 The wooden Grist Mill located here since the 1840s burned to the ground in the summer of 1965.
 Its foundation stones remain.
 It had remained in operation full-time until 1930, part-time until 1937.
 Cottageville was a commercial center with a bank, newspaper, tannery, blacksmith, several stores, a railroad station on the B & O and many other businesses in the early part of the twentieth century.
 Its heyday faded with the closing of the mill and the improvement of roads in the county.
 The B & O pulled up its tracks to the county seat, Ripley, in the mid-nineteen-sixties.
 Less than a mile from the old town, the county operated what folks called the "poor farm," an early version of a welfare commune.
 That closed in the thirties with the New Deal.
 That land is now the Jackson County Junior Fairgrounds.
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 20,449.
 Its county seat is Black River Falls.
 Jackson County was formed from Crawford County in 1853.
 It was named for President Andrew Jackson.
