The discography of Yasiin Bey / Mos Def, an American rapper, consists of four solo albums, two compilation albums, and several singles.
 Mos Def began his hip hop career in 1994 in the underground rap group UTD (Urban Thermo Dynamics) alongside his sibling group members DCQ and Ces, after which he pursued a solo career.
 In 1998, he made his mainstream debut on Rawkus Records in the trio Black Star with rapper Talib Kweli and producer Hi-Tek.
 "Definition", the single from Black Star's self-titled debut album, reached #60 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #3 on the Hot Rap Singles chart.
American singer-songwriter Kesha has sold approximately 59 million records worldwide as of May 2014.
 As of March 2016, the singer has sold 2.47 million albums and 36.3M songs in the United States.
 That said, she topped eight charts on the 2010 "Billboard" Year-End Chart, including Top New Artists, Hot 100 Songs and Hot 100 Artists.
Marie Claire D'Ubaldo is an Argentine singer / musician and a prolific songwriter; she has appeared as a guest vocalist on many albums.
 She had her biggest success with "Falling Into You" which was covered by Celine Dion, who also named her album after the single.
 Dion's album has sold well in excess of 30 million albums worldwide.
Guatemalan recording artist Ricardo Arjona has released fifteen studio albums, sixteen compilation albums, two live albums, forty-five singles and two promotional singles.
 Four of his albums have reached the number-one position on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart, while four of his singles have topped the "Billboard" Latin Songs chart.
 Throughout his career, Arjona has sold approximately 20 million albums worldwide, making him one of the most successful Latin artists in music history.
 Arjona released his debut album, "Déjame Decir Que Te Amo", in 1985.
 However, his experiences while recording the album and its commercial failure led to his decision to abandon the music industry.
 Despite this decision, Arjona returned and released "Jesús, Verbo No Sustantivo" in 1988.
 In 1991, Arjona signed a record deal with Sony Music and released his third studio album, "Del Otro Lado del Sol".
Black Star, also known as Black Star Publishing Company, was started by refugees from Germany who had established photographic agencies there in the 1920s.
 Today it is a New York City-based photographic agency with offices in London and in White Plains, New York.
 It is known for photojournalism, corporate assignment photography and stock photography services worldwide.
 It is noted for its contribution to the history of photojournalism in the United States.
 It was the first privately owned picture agency in the United States, and introduced numerous new techniques in photography and illustrated journalism.
 The agency was closely identified with Henry Luce's magazines "Life" and "Time".
American singer Cyndi Lauper has released eleven studio albums, six compilation albums, three video albums and fifty-one singles.
 Worldwide, Lauper has sold approximately 70 million albums, singles and DVDs worldwide.
Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star (often called simply Black Star) is the only studio album by Black Star, a hip hop duo consisting of emcees Talib Kweli and Mos Def (the latter of whom now goes by his new stage name Yasiin Bey).
 The album was released on September 29, 1998, to critical acclaim.
 The title is a reference to the Black Star Line, a shipping line founded by Pan-Africanist Marcus Garvey.
 The album deals with modern-day issues, philosophical ideas, and life in Brooklyn, New York City, as the two artists know it.
Black Star is the debut fragrance by French-Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne.
 The line includes, besides the 10ml, 15ml, 30ml, 50ml and 100ml eau de parfum, a shower gel, a body lotion, and a spray deodorant.
 A mini shower gel comes exclusively with a Black Star gift set available in the UK, and in the German/Dutch giftset a 50ml body lotion is also included.
The Black Star of Africa is a black five-pointed star (★) symbolizing Africa in general and Ghana in particular.
 The Black Star Line, founded in 1919 by Marcus Garvey as part of the Back-to-Africa movement, modelled its name on that of the White Star Line, changing the colour from white to black to symbolise ownership by black people rather than white people.
 The black star became a symbol of Pan-Africanism and anti-colonialism.
 Described as the "Lodestar of African Freedom", the black star was used in 1957 by Theodosia Okoh in the design of the Flag of Ghana.
The discography of Skye Sweetnam, a Canadian singer-songwriter, consists of two studio albums and five singles.
 By 2007, she had sold approximately 160,000 albums worldwide and 154,000 singles digital downloads in the United States.
 Her debut album spawned two hit singles in Canada and sold well in Japan, where it was Top 15 and stayed on chart for 21 weeks.
