Daniel W. Webster (born 1960) is an American health policy researcher and the director of the Center for Gun Policy and Research at Johns Hopkins University.
 He is also the deputy director for research at the Johns Hopkins Center for the Prevention of Youth Violence, and professor of Health Policy and Management at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.
 In 2016, he became the director of the Johns Hopkins-Baltimore Collaborative for Violence Reduction, a joint crime-fighting effort between Johns Hopkins and the Baltimore Police Department.
The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine (JHUSOM), located in Baltimore, Maryland, U.S., is the academic medical teaching and research arm of Johns Hopkins University.
 Johns Hopkins has consistently been among the nation's top medical schools in the number of research grants awarded by the National Institutes of Health.
 Its main teaching hospital, the Johns Hopkins Hospital, is ranked the #3 hospital in the United States by "U.S. News & World Report".
The Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics in Baltimore, Maryland, United States, is an independent, interdisciplinary center serving the entire Johns Hopkins University and Health System.
 It is dedicated to the study of complex moral and policy issues in biomedical science, health care, and health policy.
 Established in 1995, the Institute seeks answers to ethical questions by promoting research in bioethics and encouraging moral reflection among a broad range of scholars, professionals, students, and citizens.
 Contributing to its mission are four divisions of the University: the Zanvyl Krieger School of Arts and Sciences, the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, the Bloomberg School of Public Health, and the Johns Hopkins School of Nursing.
Bloomberg Distinguished Professorships (BDPs) were established as part of a $350 million gift by Michael Bloomberg, JHU Class of 1964, to Johns Hopkins University in 2013.
 Fifty faculty members, ten from Johns Hopkins University and forty recruited from institutions worldwide, will be chosen for these endowed professorships based on their research, teaching, service, and leadership records.
 The program is directed and managed by Johns Hopkins University Vice Provost for Research, Dr. Denis Wirtz.
Richard A. Macksey (born 1931) is Professor of Humanities and Co-founder and longtime Director of the Humanities Center at The Johns Hopkins University, where he has taught critical theory, comparative literature, and film studies.
 Professor Macksey was educated at Johns Hopkins, earning his B.A. in 1953 and his Ph.D. in 1957.
 He has taught at Johns Hopkins (both the school of Arts & Sciences as well as the Medical School) since 1958.
 He is the longtime Comparative Literature editor of MLN (Modern Language Notes), published by Johns Hopkins University Press.
 He is a recipient of the Hopkins Distinguished Alumnus Award.
 Dr. Macksey also presides over one of the largest private libraries in Maryland, with over 70,000 books and manuscripts.
The Johns Hopkins University – Nanjing University Center for Chinese and American Studies () or the Hopkins–Nanjing Center () for short, is an international campus of the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies and a joint educational venture between Johns Hopkins University and Nanjing University that opened in Nanjing, China in 1986.
 Former Hopkins President Steven Muller and former NJU President Kuang Yaming worked together to create the Center, recognizing the importance of improved understanding and relations between their respective countries.
 Muller believed China to be "the country of the future."
Barton Childs (February 29, 1916 – February 18, 2010) was an American pediatrician and geneticist.
 He was born in Chicago, Illinois, and graduated from Williams College in 1938.
 In 1942, he received his M.D. from Johns Hopkins University.
 Following military service in World War II, he returned to Johns Hopkins for a residency in pediatrics.
 After a fellowship at Children’s Hospital in Boston, he returned to Johns Hopkins University in 1949, where he remained until his retirement in 1981.
 He remained a professor emeritus in the Department of Pediatrics at The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine until his death.
Eric Sundquist is an American scholar of the literature and culture of the United States.
 Sundquist earned his B.A. from the University of Kansas (1974) and his Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University (1978).
 Sundquist is the Andrew W. Mellon Professor of the Humanities and former chair of the English Department at Johns Hopkins.
 He is a former member of the UCLA Department of English, and was Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at Northwestern University.
Sara Berry (born 1940) is a scholar of contemporary African political economies, professor of history at Johns Hopkins University and co-founder of the Center for Africana Studies at Johns Hopkins.
 Berry received her PhD in economics at the University of Michigan in 1967 and has taught at Indiana University, Virginia Commonwealth University, Boston University, Johns Hopkins University, and Northwestern University.
 Berry has published four books: "Cocoa, Custom, and Socio-Economic Change in Rural Western Nigeria" (1975, Oxford: Claredon) "Accumulation, Mobility and Class Formation in an Extended Yoruba Community" (1985, University of California Press), "Boundries: Essays on Poverty, Power and the Past in Asante", 1896-1996 (2001, Heinemann), and "No Condition is Permanent: The Social Dynamics of Agrarian Change in Sub-Saharan Africa" (1993, University of Wisconsin Press).
 "No Condition is Permanent" won the 1985 Herskovits Prize for the year’s best book on Africa.
 Berry has worked as a consultant for the Rockefeller Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the U.S. Agency for International Development.
 The National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Herskovits Book Awards Committee.
 She has received fellowships and awards from the Fulbright Senior Scholars Program, the Social Science Research Council, the Guggenheim Foundation, and the Mary Ingraham Bunting Institute at Radcliffe College.
 Berry has a B.A. in history from Radcliffe College in 1961 and an M.A. from University of Michigan in 1965.
The Johns Hopkins University (commonly referred to as Johns Hopkins, JHU, or simply Hopkins) is an American private research university in Baltimore, Maryland.
 Founded in 1876, the university was named for its first benefactor, the American entrepreneur, abolitionist, and philanthropist Johns Hopkins.
 His $7 million bequest—of which half financed the establishment of Johns Hopkins Hospital—was the largest philanthropic gift in the history of the United States at that time.
 Daniel Coit Gilman, who was inaugurated as the institution's first president on February 22, 1876, led the university to revolutionize higher education in the U.S. by integrating teaching and research.
 Adopting the concept of a graduate school from Germany's ancient Heidelberg University, Johns Hopkins University is considered the first research university in the United States.
