Naija Boss is the 2nd mixtape by Nigeria Hip-hop, R&B & Pop group Young Paperboyz, hosted by Afrobeats Radio presenter, DJ Tolu Shakara of peterborough fm.
 and was released on August 25, 2012 on professional audio distribution website SoundCloud.
 "Naija Boss" features guest appearances by Nigeria rappers Lil Jojo, Sutfute, Jasi Caesar, Mr. Raw [of Faraw], T-Money, Asuzu, Olumyth, RacenNext, Mapro Makwa [Congo], NaNa [Ghanaian] Tofa [Ukrainian] along with singing vocals by Tustep, Maxim Novitskiy [Ukrainian], Mariana, Hardx, MKurgaev, Alex Martin female rappers M1ss MC & Qslimz.
 Production varies from Double Brothers DJ’s, Sutbeat, Dj Nikita Noskow, Jacob Levan, TrimzBeatz, MavMonet and others.
 The mix-tape consists mostly of original material, and includes a remix of Meek Mill’s “Im a Boss” and “Smash The Club” by Kardinal Offishall as bonus tracks.
"Not Tonight" is a song performed by American rap artist Lil' Kim, featuring Jermaine Dupri, for her debut studio album "Hard Core" (1996).
 A remix was conducted the next year, featuring Lil' Kim with other female rappers including Da Brat, Missy "Misdeameanor" Elliott, Angie Martinez, and Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes from the "Nothing to Lose" soundtrack.
 The song became a hit in the U.S., peaking at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and became Lil' Kim's third consecutive number 1 hit on the Rap Songs chart, becoming the first female rapper to do so.
 The single was certified platinum by the RIAA.
Chick lit or chick literature is genre fiction, which "consists of heroine-centered narratives that focus on the trials and tribulations of their individual protagonists".
 The genre often addresses issues of modern womanhood – from romantic relationships to female friendships to matters in the workplace – in humorous and lighthearted ways.
 At its onset, chick lit's protagonists tended to be "single, white, heterosexual, British and American women in their late twenties and early thirties, living in metropolitan areas".
 The genre became popular in the late 1990s, with chick lit titles topping bestseller lists and the creation of imprints devoted entirely to chick lit.
 Chick lit critics generally agree that British author Helen Fielding's "Bridget Jones's Diary" (1996) is the "ur-text" of chick lit.
Chick flick is a slang term for the film genre dealing mainly with love and romance which is targeted to a female audience.
 It can be specifically defined as a genre in which a woman is the protagonist.
 Although many types of films may be directed toward the female gender, "chick flick" is typically used only in reference to films that contain emotion or themes that are relationship-based (although not necessarily romantic as films may focus on parent-child or friend relationships).
 Chick flicks often are released "en masse" around Valentine's Day.
 The equivalent for male audiences is the guy-cry film.
 Feminists such as Gloria Steinem have objected to terms such as "chick flick" and the related term "chick lit" and a film critic has called the term "chick flick" derogatory.
Reminisce Mackie (née Smith; May 30, 1980), known professionally as Remy Ma, (formerly Remy Martin), is an American rapper.
 She contributed to the songs "Ante Up (Remix)" (2001), "Lean Back" (2004), "Conceited" (2006) and "All the Way Up" (2016).
 She is one of only five female rappers to ever top the "Billboard" charts and one of only three multiple winners of the BET Award for Best Female Hip-Hop Artist, which she won in 2005 and 2017.
"My Chick Bad" is a song by American rapper Ludacris.
 The song features Trinidadian recording artist Nicki Minaj, who co-wrote the song with Ludacris, Samuel Lindley, and Derrelle Davidson.
 The track was produced by The Legendary Traxster.
 "My Chick Bad" serves as the second single from Ludacris' eighth album, "Battle of the Sexes".
 An official remix to the song was also released, featuring female rappers Diamond, Eve, and Trina.
Brittany Nicole Taylor (born September 18, 1987) is an American soccer defender currently playing for the FC Kansas City of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL).
 She previously played for Western New York Flash in the NWSL, for Sky Blue FC in the WPS, and for the United States U-20 women's national soccer team.
Brittany Nicole Waddell (born August 2, 1985), better known by her stage name Britt Nicole, is an American vocalist, songwriter and recording artist.
 She has mainly charted as a Christian pop artist, but in 2012 found her debut mainstream single, "Gold", and, in 2013, "Ready or Not", in the Mainstream Top 40.
 The album was nominated for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album at the 55th Grammy Awards.
 She is signed to Sparrow and Capitol Records.
Brittany Nicole Carpentero (born May 20, 1988), better known by her stage name Diamond, is an American rapper and member of the group Crime Mob.
Justin Farell Alamar (born April 23, 1982), better known as J Farell, is an American music producer from Cherry Hill, NJ.
 He graduated from Rutgers University where he was first exposed to music production.
 J Farell broke into the recording industry in 2010 and is best known for producing remixes for artists such as Kreayshawn, J. Cole, Roscoe Dash, Gorilla Zoe, Hyper Crush, Gotye, Driicky Graham, Rita Ora, Wiz Khalifa, Eva Simons, Bruno Mars, Ed Sheeran, and more.
 He received his first official placement with Entertainment One for the remix of Gorilla Zoe's song "Twisted".
 In March 2011, it debuted on Philadelphia's radio station Wired 96.5.
 This remix was digitally released on iTunes by Atlantic Records on May 23, 2011.
 J Farell first received widespread recognition on August 29, 2011 when his remix of Kreayshawn's single "Gucci Gucci" went viral on YouTube and gained over 7 million views in under 12 hours.
 A week later, the video charted at #7 on YouTube's Top 100 Music Videos.
 In 2013, Ed Sheeran spoke about J Farell's remix of his song The A Team with Ralphie Aversa on WPLJ's The Ralphie Radio Show.
 J Farell began working on a collaboration project with Dj Beatstreet and Dj Suraci.
 In May 2015, the trio formed the group Money Drop and, two months later, released their first collaborative single entitled Everything on Fleek.
 With the help of Interscope Records in July 2015, J Farell landed the official remix of Good For You by Selena Gomez featuring A$AP Rocky.
 In November 2015, J Farell collaborated with singer/songwriter Todd Carey and created a refreshed, doo-wop style remix of Todd's single "OMG".
 On December 4, 2015, the official OMG Remix was released to a positive response on social media.
 His work is noted by an announcer or a giggling woman saying the "J Farell" tagline in most of his recent music.
