"Heaven Bound (I'm Ready)" is a song written by Dennis Linde and originally recorded by the American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys on their 1991 album "Unstoppable".
 It was released in August 1995 by American country music group Shenandoah as the third single from the album "In the Vicinity of the Heart".
 Their version of the song reached number 24 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Sixwire is an American country music group from Nashville, Tennessee.
 The group is composed of Andy Childs (guitar, piano, lead vocals), Robb Houston (guitar, vocals), John Howard (bass guitar), Steve Mandile (guitar, vocals), and Chuck Tilley (drums, percussion).
 The band's name references the six strings on a guitar.
 Sixwire recorded one album for Warner Bros.
 Records in 2002, and charted two singles on the "Billboard" country charts, including the No. 30 "Look at Me Now".
 Five years later, they placed second on the talent show "The Next Great American Band", and served as the house band on "Can You Duet", another talent show.
"Baby Girl" is the debut single co-written and recorded by American country music group Sugarland.
 Originally released in 2003 as part of "Premium Quality Tunes", it was re-released in July 2004 as the first single from the album "Twice the Speed of Life".
 The single reached a peak position of number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in April 2005.
 The song spent a total of 46 weeks on the country music charts; setting a new record for the longest chart run since the inception of Nielsen SoundScan digital chart tabulation in 1990.
 In addition, "Baby Girl" became the highest-peaking debut single for a country music group in 14 years.
 It was written by group members Jennifer Nettles, Kristian Bush, and Kristen Hall, along with Troy Bieser.
Hometown News was an American country music duo composed of singer-songwriters Ron Kingery and Scott Whitehead.
 Both musicians alternate as lead and background vocalists, in addition to playing guitar, while Kingery also plays the mandolin.
 Hometown News has recorded two independently released albums, in addition to charting two singles on the "Billboard" country music charts.
 Their highest-peaking single and only Top 40 hit, "Minivan", reached No. 37 in 2002.
The Bama Band is an American country music group composed of Lamar Morris (vocals, guitar), Wayne "Animal" Turner (guitar), Clifford E. "Cowboy" Eddie Long (steel guitar), Jerry McKinney (saxophone), Vernon Derrick (fiddle), Ray Barrickman (bass), Billy Earheart (keyboards) and William Claude Marshall (drums).
 For more than twenty years, The Bama Band were the backing band for Hank Williams, Jr. The Bama Band was nominated twice for Band of the Year by the Academy of Country Music.
 They also found success on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in the 1980s with singles like "Dallas," "Tijuana Sunrise" and "What Used to Be Crazy."
 An eponymous album released on Compleat Records in 1985 charted on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
Hanna–McEuen was an American country music duo comprising first cousins Jaime Hanna and Jonathan McEuen.
 Both members of the duo sang, in addition to playing guitar and mandolin; Hanna also played harmonica, while McEuen also played banjo.
 Their fathers, Jeff Hanna and John McEuen, co-founded the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, a country music band which had success in the 1970s and 1980s.
 In addition, Hanna was formerly an occasional supporting musician for the Tex-Mex/americana band The Mavericks.
Candy Coburn is an American national performing country music artist who has shared the stage with many notable artists, including Brooks and Dunn, Kellie Pickler, Montgomery Gentry, Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert, Gary Allan, Josh Turner, Lady Antebellum and others.
 Scheduled to release her third album in 2010, Candy's most notable contribution to music so far has been her song, "Pink Warrior."
Carolina Rain was an American country music group composed of Jeremy Baxter (tenor vocals, mandolin), Rhean Boyer (lead vocals, guitar), and Marvin Evatt (baritone vocals, guitar, banjo).
 Founded in 2003, the band was signed in 2004 as the first act on Equity Music Group, an independent record label owned by country music artist Clint Black.
 Carolina Rain has released one studio album (2006's "Weather the Storm") and has charted five singles on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts.
 A second album, "American Radio", was slated for an early 2009 release, but was never issued due to the closure of Equity.
Highspeed Hayride is an American country music band established in 2002 in Goliad, Texas.
 The band consists of Eugene Moreno III on lead vocals and rhythm guitars, Shelby David Stockton, Jr. on bass guitar and harmony vocals, Matthew Groll on drums and Bo Carter on lead guitar and harmony vocals.
 Highspeed Hayride has released three independent albums including "Lights of Town" (2004), "Thought You Should Know" (2006) and the self-titled album "Highspeed Hayride" (2008).
 Highspeed Hayride has shared the stage with many of their childhood heroes as well as their Texas Country comrads.
 Some artists the band has shared the stage with include: The Bellamy Brothers, Little Texas, John Conlee, Earl Thomas Conlee, David Allan Coe, Robert Earl Keen, Shooter Jennings, George Strait, Kevin Fowler, Pat Green, Randy Rogers, and many more.
 Highspeed Hayride played their farewell show in May 2010.
 Some members of the band continue to play on...
"Snapback" is a song by American country music group Old Dominion.
 It was released on January 11, 2016 as the second single from their debut studio album, "Meat and Candy" (2015).
 "Snapback" peaked at #2 and #4 on the "Billboard" Country Airplay and Hot Country Songs charts, and was the #2 Country Airplay record of 2016.
 It also reached the top 50 on the Hot 100.
 The song was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and has sold 413,570 copies in the United States as of July 2016.
 It received similar chart success in Canada, giving the band their second #1 hit on the Canada Country chart and reaching #68 on the Canadian Hot 100.
 It also garnered a Platinum certification from Music Canada, denoting sales of 80,000 units in that country.
 The accompanying music video for the song was directed by Steve Condon and features the band in Los Angeles performing at a skate park and a house party.
