Rodgersia is a genus of flowering plants in the Saxifragaceae family.
 "Rodgersia" are herbaceous perennials originating from east Asia.
Yucca baccata (datil yucca or banana yucca) is a common species of yucca native to the deserts of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico, from southeastern California north to Utah, east to western Texas and south to Sonora and Chihuahua.
 It is also reported in the wild in Colombia.
Yucca aloifolia is the type species for the genus Yucca.
 Common names include aloe yucca, dagger plant, and Spanish bayonet.
 It grows in sandy soils, especially on sand dunes along the coast.
 "Yucca aloifolia" is native to the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts of the United States from southern Virginia south to Florida and west to the Texas Gulf Coast, to Mexico along the Yucatán coast, and to Bermuda, and parts of the Caribbean.
 Normally Yucca aloifolia is grown in USDA zones 8 through 11.
 Yucca aloifolia is a popular landscape plant in beach areas along the lower East Coast from Virginia to Florida.
Yucca rupicola is a plant in the family Asparagaceae, known as the twistleaf yucca, twisted-leaf yucca, Texas yucca or twisted-leaf Spanish-dagger.
 The species was described by George Heinrich Adolf Scheele in 1850.
 This is a small, acaulescent plant with distinctive twisted leaves.
 It is native to the Edwards Plateau region of Texas and also to northeastern Mexico (Coahuila, Nuevo León).
Yucca jaliscensis is a "Yucca" species native to the highlands of southwestern Mexico.
 Common names for this species include Jalisco Yucca, Jalisco Soapwort, Izote Yucca.
 It is native to mountainous areas at about 5000 feet in the States of Jalisco, Colima and Guanajuato.
Yucca" × "schottii is a plant species in the genus "Yucca", native to southern Arizona, southwestern New Mexico, and the northern parts of Sonora and Chihuahua.
.
 The common names are Schott's yucca, hoary yucca, and mountain yucca.
 The "×" in the name indicates that this is a nothospecies, regarded as being a natural hybrid between two other species.
 In this case, "Yucca" × "schottii" is believed to have originated as a hybrid between "Y. baccata" and "Y. madrensis".
 "Yucca" × "schottii" is firmly established and does reproduce freely in the wild.
Yucca glauca (syn.
 "Yucca angustifolia") is a species of perennial evergreen plant, adapted to xeric (dry)growth conditions.
 It is also known as small soapweed, soapweed yucca, Spanish bayonet, Great Plains yucca and beargrass.
Yucca gloriosa" var.
 "tristis (syn.
 Yucca recurvifolia, "Yucca gloriosa" var.
 "recurvifolia"), known as curve-leaf yucca, curved-leaved Spanish-dagger or pendulous yucca, is a variety of "Yucca gloriosa".
 It is often grown as an ornamental plant, but is native to the southeastern United States.
 In contrast to "Y. gloriosa" var.
 "tristis", the leaves of "Y. gloriosa" var.
 "gloriosa" are hard stiff, erect and narrower.
Hesperoyucca whipplei (syn.
 "Yucca whipplei" ) (chaparral yucca, our Lord's candle, Spanish bayonet, Quixote yucca or foothill yucca is a species of flowering plant closely related to, and formerly usually included in, the genus "Yucca".
 It is native to southern California, United States and Baja California, Mexico, where it occurs mainly in chaparral, coastal sage scrub, and oak woodland plant communities at altitudes of 0–2500 m.
Yucca brevifolia is a plant species belonging to the genus "Yucca".
 It is tree-like in habit, which is reflected in its common names: Joshua tree, yucca palm, tree yucca, and palm tree yucca.
