Casino is a town in the Northern Rivers area of New South Wales, Australia, with a population of 9,629 people at the 2011 census .
 It lies on the banks of the Richmond River and is situated at the junction of the Bruxner Highway and the Summerland Way.
Tabulam is a rural village in the far north-east of New South Wales, Australia, 800 kilometres from the state capital, Sydney.
 Tabulam is located on the Bruxner Highway (Highway 44) between Tenterfield and Casino and on the Clarence River.
 According to the 2006 Census, there were 573 people living in Tabulam.
 Tabulam is locally administered by Kyogle Council.
The Bruxner Highway is a 420 km state highway located in New South Wales, Australia.
 The highway forms an east-west link from the Northern Rivers coast, across the Northern Tablelands in northern New South Wales, close to the border with Queensland.
Wollongbar is a town (2011 population: 2,396) in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The town is located on the Bruxner Highway between the towns of Lismore and Alstonville.
Alstonville (2011 population: 5,648) is a town in northern New South Wales, Australia, part of the region known as the Northern Rivers.
 Alstonville is on the Bruxner Highway between the town of Ballina (13 km to the east) and city of Lismore (19 km to the west).
 The village of Wollongbar is 4 km to the west of Alstonville.
 Alstonville is the service centre of the area known as the Alstonville Plateau.
Richmond Valley Council (RVC) is a local government area on the Northern Rivers region of north-eastern New South Wales, Australia.
 RVC services an area of 3051 km2 and draws its name from the Richmond River, which flows through most of the council area.
 The area under management is located adjacent to the Bruxner Highway, Pacific Highway, and the North Coast railway line.
Mummulgum is a small rural village in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia, 740 kilometres from the state capital, Sydney.
 Mummulgum is located on Shannon Brook between Tenterfield and Casino on the Bruxner Highway (Highway 44).
 It is 58 km south-west of Kyogle with the village and surrounding area being locally administered by Kyogle Council.
 The nearest large town is Casino which is 27 kilometres east of Mummulgum.
Tenterfield is a town in New South Wales, Australia.
 It is located in the New England region at the intersection of the New England and Bruxner Highway's.
 Tenterfield is a three-hour drive from Brisbane, Queensland, three hours from Byron Bay, New South Wales, two hours from Armidale, New South Wales and eight hours from Sydney.
 The town is situated on the north-western part of the Northern Tableland plateau, nestled in a valley, astride the Great Dividing Range and beneath the imposing Mount MacKenzie (1,287m elevation).
 At the 2015 census , Tenterfield had a population of 6,986.
Bonshaw is a village in New South Wales, Australia 783 km north of Sydney.
 In 2006 the village had a population of 171 people in the district.
 It is located near the northern border of the State close to Texas, Queensland, from which it is separated by the Dumaresq River which forms the border between the states.
 Bonshaw is located in Inverell Shire and Arrawatta County.
 It is on the Bruxner Highway between Tenterfield and Goondiwindi.
 It is a village designed to serve the needs of the agricultural holdings in the area.
Goonellabah is the eastern suburb of Lismore, New South Wales, Australia, and is on the Bruxner Highway.
 At the 2006 census, Goonellabah had a population of 12,527 people.
