Simon Poelman (born 27 May 1963) is a former New Zealand decathlete, who has been described as New Zealand's best ever all-round athlete.
 In the decathlon, his personal best of 8359 points (which is adjusted from 8366 points as it was hand timed) is still a New Zealand national record.
 This was set at the national athletics championships in Christchurch 1987.
 As well as being the national decathlon champion seven times.
 He was also the New Zealand senior men's national champion in several individual events including the 100m (once), 110m hurdles (seven times), long jump (twice), pole vault (three times), and shot put (once).
Wesley Silcox (born May 30, 1985, in Santaquin, Utah) is an American professional bull rider.
 He is of English descent.
 He competes in the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association (PRCA) and Championship Bull Riding (CBR) tour.
 He has qualified for the PRCA's National Finals Rodeo seven times (2005-2008, 2010–11, 2015) and the CBR world finals seven times (2005–10, 2013).
 He was the PRCA world champion bull rider in 2007 and the PRCA Xtreme Bulls Tour champion in 2010.
A substorm, sometimes referred to as a magnetospheric substorm or an auroral substorm, is a brief disturbance in the Earth's magnetosphere that causes energy to be released from the "tail" of the magnetosphere and injected into the high latitude ionosphere.
 Visually, a substorm is seen as a sudden brightening and increased movement of auroral arcs.
 Substorms were first described in qualitative terms by Kristian Birkeland which he called polar elementary storms.
 Sydney Chapman used the term substorm about 1960 which is now the standard term.
 The morphology of aurora during of a substorm was first described by Syun-Ichi Akasofu in 1964 using data collected during the International Geophysical Year.
Bifurcation theory is the mathematical study of changes in the qualitative or topological structure of a given family, such as the integral curves of a family of vector fields, and the solutions of a family of differential equations. Most commonly applied to the mathematical study of dynamical systems, a bifurcation occurs when a small smooth change made to the parameter values (the bifurcation parameters) of a system causes a sudden 'qualitative' or topological change in its behaviour.
 Bifurcations occur in both continuous systems (described by ODEs, DDEs or PDEs) and discrete systems (described by maps).
 The name "bifurcation" was first introduced by Henri Poincaré in 1885 in the first paper in mathematics showing such a behavior.
 Henri Poincaré also later named various types of stationary points and classified them.
Celina Seghi (born 6 March 1920) is a former Italian alpine skier.
 Born in Abetone, Tuscany, she was the youngest child in a family of nine and earned her first Italian championship medal, a bronze in the slalom, in 1934.
 In 1937 she earned three national titles, her first victories at that level, by winning the slalom, downhill, and combined events.
 In total she won a total of 25 gold, 6 silver, and 3 bronze medals at the Italian National Championships: gold seven times, silver thrice, and bronze twice in the downhill, gold and silver once each in the giant slalom, gold ten times, silver twice, and bronze once in the slalom, and gold seven times in the combined.
Reek Sunday (Irish: "Domhnach na Cruaiche" ) or Garland Sunday is an annual day of pilgrimage in Ireland.
 On the last Sunday in July, pilgrims climb Ireland's holiest mountain, Croagh Patrick (764 metres) in County Mayo.
 It is held in honour of Saint Patrick who, in the year 441, spent 40 days fasting on the mountain.
 Masses are held at the summit, where there is a small chapel.
 Some climb the mountain barefoot, as an act of penance, and some carry out 'rounding rituals', which were formerly a key part of the pilgrimage.
 This involves praying while walking sunwise around features on the mountain.
 They walk seven times around the cairn of Leacht Benáin (Benan's grave), fifteen times around the circular perimeter of the summit, seven times around Leaba Phádraig (Patrick's bed), and then seven times around three ancient cairns known as Reilig Mhuire (Mary's cemetery).
Dysosmia is a disorder described as any qualitative alteration or distortion of the perception of smell.
 Qualitative alterations differ from quantitative alterations, which include anosmia and hyposmia.
 Dysosmia can be classified as either parosmia (also called troposmia) or phantosmia.
 Parosmia refers to a distortion in the perception of an odorant.
 Odorants smell different from what one remembers.
 Phantosmia refers to the perception of an odor when there's no actual odorant present.
 The cause of dysosmia still remains a theory.
 It is typically considered a neurological disorder and clinical associations with the disorder have been made.
 Most cases are described as idiopathic and the main antecedents related to parosmia are URTIs, head trauma, and nasal and paranasal sinus disease.
 Dysosmia tends to go away on its own but there are options for treatment for patients that want immediate relief.
Richard Lee Petty (born July 2, 1937), nicknamed The King, is a former NASCAR driver who raced in the Strictly Stock/Grand National Era and the NASCAR Winston Cup Series.
 He won the NASCAR Championship seven times (Dale Earnhardt and Jimmie Johnson are the only other drivers to accomplish this feat), winning a record 200 races during his career, winning the Daytona 500 a record seven times, and winning a record 27 races (10 of them consecutively) in the 1967 season alone.
 Statistically, he is the most accomplished driver in the history of the sport and is one of the most respected figures in motorsports as a whole.
 He also collected a record number of poles (127) and over 700 Top 10 finishes in his 1,184 starts, including 513 consecutive starts from 1971–1989.
 Petty was the only driver to ever win in his 500th race start, until Matt Kenseth joined him in 2013.
 He was inducted into the inaugural class of the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2010.
The Rumford Medal is an award bestowed by Britain's Royal Society every alternating year for "an outstandingly important recent discovery in the field of thermal or optical properties of matter made by a scientist working in Europe".
 First awarded during 1800, it was created after a 1796 donation of $5000 by the scientist Benjamin Thompson, known as Count Rumford, and is accompanied by a gift of £1000.
 Since its inception, the award has been granted to 101 scientists, including Rumford himself during 1800.
 It has been awarded to citizens of the United Kingdom fifty-three times, Germany seventeen times, France fourteen times, the Netherlands seven times, Sweden four times, the United States three times, Italy twice and once each to citizens of Australia, Hungary, Belgium, Luxembourg and New Zealand.
Robert K. Yin is an American social scientist and President of COSMOS Corporation, known for his work on case study research as well as on qualitative research.
 Over the years, his work on case study research has been frequently cited.
 Google Scholar listed it as the second highest methodological work (see Table 3 in the following link), qualitative or quantitative, over a 20-year period:
