Naked Weapon (赤裸特工) is a 2002 Hong Kong action-thriller film directed by action choreographer Tony Ching and starring Maggie Q, Anya Wu and Daniel Wu.
The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear is a 1991 comedy film.
 It is the sequel to the 1988 film "" and the second installment in "The Naked Gun" film series.
 The film stars Leslie Nielsen as the comically bumbling Police Lt. Frank Drebin of "Police Squad!
".
 Priscilla Presley plays the role of Jane, with O. J. Simpson as Nordberg and George Kennedy as police captain Ed Hocken.
 The film also features Robert Goulet (who previously made a "special guest star" appearance on "Police Squad!")
 as the villainous Quentin Hapsburg and Richard Griffiths as renewable fuel advocate Dr. Albert S. Meinheimer (as well as his evil double, Earl Hacker).
 Zsa Zsa Gabor, Mel Tormé and members of the Chicago Bears have cameo roles.
The term 'Langto' is a colloquial Bengali word meaning Naked and bare.
 The idea behind titling of the Film lies in the very moral of the Story Concept.
 In this three dimensional space of Time, every living being must experience duality.
 We, the Humans, possess an angel and a beast within us.
 Both of them have their own rules and desires to follow.
Naked City is a police drama series from Screen Gems which was broadcast from 1958 to 1959 and from 1960 to 1963 on the ABC television network.
 It was inspired by the 1948 motion picture "The Naked City" and mimics its dramatic "semi-documentary" format.
 As in the film, each episode concluded with a narrator intoning the iconic line: "There are eight million stories in the naked city.
 This has been one of them."
Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult is a 1994 comedy film, and the third and final installment in "The Naked Gun" film series, which was based on the "Police Squad!
" television series.
Naked Soldier (絕色武器) is a 2012 Hong Kong action film directed by Marco Mak and starring Jennifer Tse.
 It is the third installment of the "Naked" series "Naked Killer" (1992) and "Naked Weapon" (2002).
Mario Gaoa (born 1971) is a New Zealand actor, writer and director, best known as a member of the Naked Samoans comedy group.
 He is of Samoan descent.
 As part of the group he has appeared in the film Sione's Wedding; provided the voices of Sione Tapili and God in the animated series Bro'Town, which he also co-writes; and acted in various Naked Samoans comedic theatre performances.
 He has also appeared in the film Nightmare Man and briefly in the television series .
American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile (also known as American Pie: The Naked Mile) is a 2006 American sex comedy film released by Universal Pictures.
 It is the second installment in the "American Pie Presents" series and the fifth installment in the "American Pie" franchise.
 The film begins a story arc that concludes with "" (2007).
 John White stars as Erik Stifler, a high school senior who is given a "guilt free pass" by his girlfriend, Tracy Sterling (Jessy Schram), and so visits the Beta House fraternity led by his cousin, Dwight Stifler (Steve Talley), to run a mile naked.
 Christopher McDonald co-stars as Erik's father, Harry, and Eugene Levy once again plays Jim's Dad, who turns out to be a family friend of both Erik's and Tracy's.
 Also, it is in this film that his name is revealed to be "Noah Levenstein".
Mel Gibson, AO, is an American actor, director, producer and screenwriter who made his acting debut on the Australian television drama series "The Sullivans" (1976– 1983).
 While a student at the National Institute of Dramatic Art in Sydney, he was given an uncredited role in "I Never Promised You a Rose Garden" and subsequently appeared as a leading actor in the micro budget surf drama "Summer City" (both in 1977).
 Gibson rose to prominence during the Australian New Wave cinema movement in the early 1980s, having appeared in his breakthrough role in George Miller's dystopian action film "Mad Max" (1979), portraying the eponymous hero.
 He reprised the role in its sequels, "Mad Max 2" (1981) and "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome" (1985).
 He appeared in Peter Weir's war drama "Gallipoli" (1981) and the romantic drama "The Year of Living Dangerously" (1982).
 Five years later he played Martin Riggs in the buddy cop action comedy "Lethal Weapon" alongside Danny Glovera role he later reprised in its sequels "Lethal Weapon 2" (1989), "Lethal Weapon 3" (1992), and "Lethal Weapon 4" (1998).
Nat and Alex Wolff are an American pop music duo from New York, New York, consisting of brothers Nat and Alex Wolff.
 The siblings are known for their work on the Nickelodeon television series "The Naked Brothers Band", which was created and produced by their mother, actress Polly Draper.
 It was adapted from the mockumentary film that Draper wrote and directed.
 The duo's initial teen pop boy band called "The Naked Brothers Band" was depicted as part of its participation in their Nickelodeon series that aired from 2007 to 2009.
 They have released four full-length albums and have been nominated for several awards.
