Edithvale railway station is located on the Frankston line in Victoria, Australia.
 It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Edithvale opening on 20 September 1919.
 In 1981 the station buildings were rebuilt.
 In its early years, a siding existed on the down side before Platform 2.
Shoranur Junction is the railway station in Kerala, located at Shoranur, Palakkad District .
 The station is situated at the junction of four major railway lines - the Nilambur line from the north, Coimbatore line from the east, Cochin Harbour Terminus line from the south and Mangalore line from the North-west.
 Being the entry point into the Malabar region from the rest of the state, Shoranur is often referred as the gateway to Malabar.
 It comes under the Palakkad Railway Division of the Southern Railway.
 Shoranur is the second railway station in Kerala after Trivandrum Central Railway Station to introduce Clean train station activity, whereby trains stopping at the station for more than 15 minutes would be subjected to mechanized cleaning and garbage removal .
Lifts from platforms has also been proposed,As a pilot project She toilet has also been introduced.Baby care unit was opened in Ladies waiting Hall on PF .2/3
Mulangunnathukavu Railway Station (Station Code: MGK) is in Mulankunnathukavu (മുളങ്ങുന്നതുകാവ്), a panchayat in Puzhakkal block of Thrissur, which is situated between Wadakkanchery Railway Station and Poonkunnam Railway Station in the busy Shoranur-Cochin Harbour section.
 Mulangunnathukavu Railway Station is operated by the Chennai-headquartered Southern Railways of the Indian Railways.
 The station is used as shuttle station for Thrissur Railway Station that is 10 km south.
 It is just 250 meters away from State Highway 22 (Kerala).
 Ticketing is computerized and offers basic parking facilities.
 Only passenger trains and MEMU trains stop here.
 A Food Corporation of India storage facility is located close nearby.
 The line presently connects only trains through cities of Ernakulam/Kozhikode/Palakkad/Shornur/Tirur(Malappuram)/Thalassery/Kannur and Coimbatore.
 Two Shornur-Ernakulam passengers (Trains no 55607, 55609 comes at 5:20 am, 5;30 pm and reaches in Ernakulam Junction at 7:50 am and 7:50 pm respectively.
 The Thrissur-Kannur passenger (Train no 55603) arrives approximately 6:00 am and reaches Kannur by 12:20 pm.
 The Palakkad-Ernakulam memu train (Train no 66611) arrives around 10:20 am and reaches by 12:50 pm in Ernakulam Junction.
 The Ernakulam-Palakkad memu train (Train no 66612) starts by 3.05 pm,reaching the station around 5:15 pm (railway time) and finally stops in Palakkad by 7:20 pm.
Pak Nam Pho Railway Station is a railway station located in Pak Nam Pho Subdistrict, Nakhon Sawan City, Nakhon Sawan.
 It is located 250.559 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 1 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 The station opened on 31 October 1905 as part of the Northern Line extension from Lop Buri to Pak Nam Pho.
 The line continued to Phitsanulok in 1908.
 Originally, this was the railway station for Nakhon Sawan City as passengers would alight here and cross the Chao Phraya River to reach the city, however its main purpose was removed as the new railway station built at Nong Pling replaced its role.
 Today, the station acts as a railyard, a railway maintenance centre and a junction for an occasionally-used freight line to Kamnansong Rice Mill.
Chandanathoppe railway station (Code:CTPE) or Chandanattop railway station is an 'F-class' halt railway station situated at Kollam–Sengottai branch line of Southern Railway Zone, India.
 It is one among the 25 railway stations in Kollam district.
 The station is partially serving the city of Quilon.
 Chandanathoppe railway station is coming under the Madurai railway division of the Southern Railway Zone, Indian Railways.
 The nearest major rail head of Chandanathoppe railway station is Kollam Junction railway station.
Bihar Sharif Junction railway station, station code BEHS, is a railway station and under Danapur railway division of East Central Railway.
 Bihar sharif is connected to metropolitan areas of India, by the Delhi-Kolkata Main Line via Mugalsarai-Patna route.
 Station is located in Bihar sharif city in Nalanda district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Due to its location on the Bakhtiyarpur-tilaiya main line many Patna and other cities via express trains coming from Rajgir and Gaya Junction stops here.
 Bihar Sharif has well connected trains running frequently to New Delhi railway station, Patna Junction, Varanasi Junction railway station, and Howrah Junction railway station.
 Bihar Sharif is well connected with Gaya Junction, Rajgir railway station, Tilaiya railway station, Bhagalpur railway station, and Kiul Junction through daily passenger and express train services.
Hilal railway station formerly Istravoz railway station is a railway station located in İzmir, Turkey.
 It is located east of Basmane next to the famous Hilal Junction on the Izmir-Afyon railway.
 The station was famous for being located next to the only level crossing in Turkey.
 The Oriental Railway Company's Alsancak-Aydın Main Line crossed with the Smyrna Cassaba Railway's Basmane-Afyon Main Line.
 Due to the layout of the tracks, the station was first named "Istravoz railway station" in 1866.
 "Istravoz" (from Greek σταυρóς) means Cross in Turkish.
 After the Republic of Turkey was formed in 1923, the station's name was changed to "Hilal" which means 'crescent', due to the majority of the city's population being Muslim.
 The Hilal subway station, which opened in 2000, is located adjacent to the railway station.
 When the electrification of the tracks around İzmir started in 2001, the station was closed.
Khwae Noi Railway Station is a railway station located in Makham Sung Subdistrict, Phitsanulok City, Phitsanulok.
 It is located 405.313 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 3 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 About 500 m north of the railway station is a railway bridge once bombed by Allied planes during the Second World War.
 A monument to the bombing exists at the station.
Bueng Phra Railway Station is a railway station located in Bueng Phra Subdistrict, Phitsanulok City, Phitsanulok.
 It is located 381.875 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 1 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 The station opened on 24 January 1908 as part of the Northern Line extension from Pak Nam Pho to Phitsanulok.
 PTT Public Company Limited operates a crude oil depot adjacent to the site and the railway operates several oil freight services from this station (to Mae Nam Station).
Sabarmati Junction is a junction station under Western Railway and a junction just six kilometers away from main Ahmedabad Railway Station in Gujarat state of India.
 It is junction on Ahmedabad - Mehsana railway line.
 It is more famous for Sabarmati Ashram located near it, which was founded by Mahatma Gandhi.
 Sabarmati serves both metre-gauge track on Mehsana line and main broad-gauge line for all trains departing from Ahmedabad.
 Sabarmati Metre Gauge Termius has now been named Gandhigram in memory of Mahatma Gandhi.
 Sabarmati also has special yard for Passenger trains.
 Sabarmati Railway Station in western part of the city is being proposed to be developed as an additional terminal for departure and termination of Delhi-bound trains.
 The railway officials said that there are plans to develop Sabarmati railway station as an alternate station of Ahmedabad Railway Station.
