The 2016–17 Los Angeles Lakers season was the franchise's 69th season, its 68th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and its 57th in Los Angeles.
 It was also the first season without Kobe Bryant since the 1995–96 season.
 It would also be the season where after multiple opportunities to improve upon themselves came and went, the Lakers decided to replace Jim Buss and Mitch Kupchak with former Lakers legend Magic Johnson and former sports agent Rob Pelinka on February 21, 2017 as both president of basketball operations and general manager respectively.
 Furthermore, it was the season where Jeanie Buss would officially be named the primary owner of the Lakers on March 27.
The Los Angeles Lakers are a professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California that competes in the National Basketball Association (NBA), which was formerly called the Basketball Association of America (BAA).
 Since 1999, the Lakers have played their home games at Staples Center.
 The Lakers' franchise was founded in 1947 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 The first owners purchased the disbanded Gems from Detroit, Michigan, then renamed and moved the team.
 It was in Minneapolis where the Lakers received their official title from Minnesota's nickname, Land of 10,000 Lakes.
 The Lakers won five championships before relocating to Los Angeles for the 1960–61 NBA season.
 The Lakers went on to lose all of their eight appearances in the NBA Finals in the 1960s, despite the presence of Elgin Baylor and Jerry West.
 In , the Lakers compiled a 33-game winning streak, the longest streak in U.S. professional team sports, and won their sixth title, under coach Bill Sharman.
 The Lakers' popularity soared in the 1980s when they won five additional championships during a nine-year span with the help of Hall of Famers Magic Johnson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, James Worthy and coach Pat Riley, the franchise's all-time leader in both regular season and playoff games coached and wins.
 Two of those championships during that span were against their arch-rivals, the Boston Celtics.
 With the help of Shaquille O'Neal, Kobe Bryant, and Hall of Fame coach Phil Jackson, the Lakers played in seven NBA Finals between 2000 and 2010, winning three of them consecutively from 2000 to 2002, losing the next two in 2004 and 2008, and winning in 2009 and 2010; the last three appearances were without O'Neal.
The 2009–10 Los Angeles Lakers season is the 62nd season of the franchise, 61st in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and 50th in Los Angeles.
 During the offseason, the Lakers signed free agent and former defensive player of the year forward Ron Artest.
 Coming off from winning their fifteenth championship in the NBA Finals defeating the Orlando Magic in five games, the Lakers successfully defended their title.
 They spent the most money of any team on player salaries this season, totaling $112.7 million ($91.3 million on player salaries and $21.4 million on luxury tax).
 The Lakers once again sold out all 41 home games for the season at Staples Center.
The 2007–08 Los Angeles Lakers season was the 60th season of the franchise, 59th in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and 48th in Los Angeles.
 During the offseason, the Lakers re-signed point guard Derek Fisher.
 The Lakers celebrated their 60th anniversary, thus the Laker jerseys wore the 60th anniversary patches on the leftmost part.
 They finished the regular season with 57 wins, finishing with the most wins in the tightest conference race in NBA history.
 The Lakers clinched the top seed in the playoffs for the 29th time in franchise history.
 This 15-game turnaround from the prior season has been attributed to the progress of the team's bench players and the mid-season trade for Pau Gasol.
 The Lakers sold out all 41 home games for the season.
 After 12 seasons in the NBA, Kobe Bryant was named the 2008 NBA Most Valuable Player for the first time in his career.
 The Lakers post-season ended by losing the NBA Finals to the Boston Celtics in six games.
The 2015–16 Los Angeles Lakers season was the franchise's 68th season, its 67th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and its 56th in Los Angeles.
 The Lakers looked to rebound following its worst season in franchise history in 2014–15.
 Unfortunately, the Lakers would finish with a franchise-worst 17–65 record.
 Jordan Hill, Jeremy Lin, Wesley Johnson, Wayne Ellington, Carlos Boozer, Ronnie Price and Ed Davis all departed respectively.
 The Lakers drafted D'Angelo Russell, Larry Nance, Jr., and Anthony Brown in the 2015 NBA Draft.
 Afterwards, the Lakers traded for former Pacers' center Roy Hibbert and signed for the reigning Sixth Man of the Year, Lou Williams, and forward Brandon Bass.
 Former Lakers forward, Metta World Peace, was brought back to the team as well after the Lakers amnestied him in 2013.
 This was Kobe Bryant's final season with the team and in the NBA after he announced his retirement.
The 2005–06 Los Angeles Lakers season was the 58th in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and 60th overall.
 The Los Angeles Lakers finished in third place of the Pacific Division and as the seventh seed of the Western Conference playoffs.
 The season ended with the team being eliminated in seven games against the Phoenix Suns after holding a 3-1 series lead.
 After a year absence, the Lakers rehired Phil Jackson as their head coach.
 It was the final season Kobe Bryant wore jersey number 8 before changing it to 24 the following season.
The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California.
 They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The Lakers' franchise was founded in 1947 in Detroit, Michigan before moving to Minneapolis, Minnesota, where the team got its official title from the state's nickname, "Land of 10,000 Lakes".
 The Minneapolis Lakers won five NBA Finals before relocating to Los Angeles in the 1960–61 NBA season, becoming the first West Coast team in league history.
 In the 1960s, the Lakers reached the NBA Finals six times, but lost every series to the Boston Celtics, beginning their long and storied rivalry.
 In 1972, with future Hall of Famers Wilt Chamberlain, Gail Goodrich, and Jerry West, the Lakers compiled a 33-game winning streak, the longest streak in U.S. professional team sports, and won their sixth title under coach Bill Sharman.
 The Lakers' popularity soared in the 1980s when they won five additional championships during a nine-year span with the help of Hall of Famers Magic Johnson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, James Worthy and coach Pat Riley, the franchise's all-time leader in both regular season and playoff games coached and wins.
 Two of those championships during that span were against their arch-rivals, the Boston Celtics.
 With the team of Shaquille O'Neal, Kobe Bryant, Toby Tincher, and Hall of Fame coach Phil Jackson, the Lakers played in four of the first five NBA Finals of the 21st century; winning three consecutively from 2000 to 2002, and losing the fourth in 2004.
 The Lakers would then conclude the decade with three straight Finals appearances; losing to the Boston Celtics in 2008 but then prevailing with back-to-back championships against the Orlando Magic in 2009 and the Boston Celtics in 2010.
 The 2010 championship marks the 16th NBA championship in Lakers franchise history.
The Lakers–Clippers rivalry is a National Basketball Association (NBA) rivalry between the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers.
 The two Pacific Division teams both play their home games at Staples Center in Los Angeles, inspiring their matchups to sometimes be called the "Hallway Series".
 The Lakers relocated from Minneapolis in 1960, while the Clippers moved from San Diego in 1984.
 Los Angeles fans have historically favored the Lakers.
 But the Clippers have sold out every home game at Staples Center since Feb. 2011 and entered the 2016–17 season with the sixth-longest active sellout streak in the NBA.
 The Lakers have won 11 of their 16 NBA championships since moving to Los Angeles.
 Meanwhile, the Clippers have made the playoffs only nine times since 1984 and were long considered the laughingstock of the NBA; in the history of the franchise, they have never advanced past the second round of the playoffs.
 Some contended that the term "rivalry" was inaccurate until the Clippers became more successful.
 For the first time in 20 years, the Clippers won the season series against the Lakers in 2012–13.
 This was the first of five straight season series victories for the Clippers, which included season sweeps in both 2014-15 and 2015-16.
 With the Clippers' 3-1 series win in 2016-17, the Lakers have now won the season series just four times in the past 13 seasons, with five Clippers wins, four Lakers wins, and four ties.
 The Lakers hold a 99–47 advantage in the all-time series against the Clippers.
 The two teams have never met in the playoffs.
The 2014–15 Los Angeles Lakers season was the franchise's 67th season, its 66th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and its 55th in Los Angeles.
 Coming off from one of the worst seasons in franchise history and missing last season's playoffs, the team looked to rebound.
 Mike D'Antoni resigned in late April following two miserable seasons, leaving the team without a head coach.
 In the offseason, Pau Gasol left for Chicago and Jodie Meeks left for Detroit respectively, leaving big holes to fill.
 After failing to land the biggest names in the offseason like Carmelo Anthony and LeBron James, the Lakers brought back numerous key role players from last season including Nick Young, Jordan Hill, and Ryan Kelly.
 The Lakers later acquired point guard Jeremy Lin in a trade with Houston and won the bidding rights to power forward Carlos Boozer after being amnestied by Chicago in the offseason.
 The Lakers also drafted Kentucky's star power forward Julius Randle and shooting guard Jordan Clarkson in the 2014 NBA Draft.
 The team then hired Lakers Showtime player and former Coach of the Year, Byron Scott as head coach in late July.
 On December 14, 2014, Kobe Bryant scored 26 points to pass Michael Jordan for third on the NBA's all-time scoring list in a 100–94 win over Minnesota.
The 1998–99 NBA season was the Lakers' 51st season in the National Basketball Association, and 39th in the city of Los Angeles.
 It was the Lakers' final season at the Great Western Forum.
 During the offseason, the Lakers signed free agent Derek Harper.
 In his first season as a starter, Kobe Bryant finished second on the team in scoring with 19.9 points per game.
 At midseason, Eddie Jones and Elden Campbell were both traded to the Charlotte Hornets for All-Star forward Glen Rice, J.R. Reid and B.J. Armstrong, who was released and signed with the Orlando Magic.
 The Lakers move continued midway through the season, signing free agent and rebounding specialist Dennis Rodman, who was well known for winning championships with the Detroit Pistons and the Chicago Bulls.
 However, after 23 games, Rodman was released by the team.
