The Witch trials of Fulda in Germany in the years from 1603 to 1606 resulted in the death of about 250 people.
 It belonged to the four largest witch trials in Germany alongside the Trier witch trials, the Würzburg witch trial, and the Bamberg witch trials.
Legon , a suburb of the Ghanaian city Accra, is situated about 12 km north-east of the city center in the Accra Metropolis District, a district in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
 Legon is home to the main campus of the University of Ghana.
 Ghanaians loosely refer to the University of Ghana simply as "Legon".
 Legon is also home to a few of Ghana's well known educational institution like Presbyterian Boys' Secondary School (PRESEC-Legon), Achimota School, Ghana Institute of Management and Public Administration and the institute of professional education.
 Legon is adjacent to one of the most prestigious residential suburbs of Accra - East Legon and only about 20 minutes drive from the Kotoka International Airport.
The 2015 Accra floods resulted from heavy continuous rainfall in Accra, the largest city in Ghana.
 The rain started on 1 June 2015.
 Other causes of this flood is as a result of the improper planning of settlement in Accra, choked gutters which block the drainage system and a few other human factors.
 The floods have resulted in heavy traffic on the roads in the city and also a halt in commercial activities as markets were flooded and workers trapped.
 Mayor of Accra Metropolitan Assembly, Alfred Oko Vanderpuije described the flooding as critical.
 At least 25 people have died from the flooding directly, while a petrol station explosion caused by the flooding killed at least 200 more people.
Gbawe is a town in the Greater Accra Region of southeastern Ghana near the capital Accra.
 Gbawe is the twenty-third largest settlement in Ghana, in terms of population, with a population of 74,403 people.
 Gbawe is located a few kilometres west of Accra in the Ga South Municipal Assembly .
 At the Ghana census of 26 March 2000, the population was 28,989 inhabitants living in the Town.
 Projections of 1 January 2007 estimated the population to be 52,910 inhabitants.
 In the census of 1984, only 837 residents were listed, and in 1970 it was the 608th largest settlement in Ghana.
 The Town was founded more than 100 years ago.
 Today the Town has a more rural structure in the large-scale marked suburban development areas.
The Konkomba people are a Gur ethnic group residing mainly in the Northern, Brong Ahafo, Volta, Eastern and Greater Accra Regions of Ghana.
 Saboba, Chereponi and Nanumba Districts, Gushiegu and Karaga districts, Zabzugu and Tatale-Sanguli districts in the Northern Region and the Nkwanta North and South Districts in the Volta Region are a few examples of administrative districts where Bikpakpaam are seen in huge populations.
 Other key towns of Bikpakpaam in Ghana are Atebubu, Kintampo, Techiman and Yeji in the Brong Ahafo Region.
 According to the Act 280 of the Anatomy act of Ghana, the Konkomba people (known as Bikpakpaam) are the second largest ethnic group in the Northern Region of Ghana.
 The 2010 census data indicates that Bikpakpaam in Ghana number 823,000 and applying the intercensal growth rate would give a population of more than one million now.
 CIA The World Factbook reports in Demographics of Ghana that Konkomba people are the 8th largest Ethnic group in Ghana representing 3.5% of the Total population of Ghana.
 Saboba (Chabob) in the Northern Region of Ghana is the capital town of all Bikpakpaam in Ghana.
 Bikpakpaam are also found in the republic of Togo, a sister West African country to Ghana.
 In Togo Bikpakpaam reside mainly in the Kara, Central and Plateaux Regions.
 Guerin Kouka (a.k.a. Nanguem Do, the capital of Dankpen district) in the Kara Region is the capital town of Bikpakpaam in Togo.
 Dankpen district is located in the north western corridor of Togo.
 In Schwartz's (2005) account, Bikpakpaam number about 50,100 in Togo.
 The 2011 census in Togo indicates however that the total population of Bikpakpaam in Dankpen district alone was 122,209.
 Visit Konkomba language for more information.
 Konkomba people speak Konkomba language a.k.a Likpakpaln.
 The traditional dance of Konkomba people is Kinachunŋ (pronounced k-i-naa-chung).
 All Konkomba settlements are led by a traditional chief called Ubor.
 In Bikpakpaam dominant areas, the people have instituted or established their own chieftains who serve as overlords of the settlements.
 For instance, the Saboba area has the Uchabob-bor as the overlord.
 Bikpakpaam strongly believe in solidarity, determination and hard-work.
 Until the turn of the 21st century, their primary occupation was farming and animal husbandry.
 In occupational terms, Bikpakpaam are mainly subsistence farmers and rearers of animals such as poultry, small ruminants and cattle.
 This, probably, explains their scattered settlement across the West African sub-region.
 Indeed, Maasole intimates that Bikpakpaam have always been on the move, in search for fertile farmlands.
 Most Konkombas are actively in education today and a recent research projects that Konkombas will become a dominant force in politics, health, education and the civil society by 2025.
On June 4, 2015, an explosion and a fire occurred at a petrol station in Ghana's capital city Accra, killing over 250 people.
The Graniteville train crash was an American rail disaster that occurred on January 6, 2005, in Graniteville, South Carolina.
 At roughly 2:40am EST, two Norfolk Southern trains collided near the Avondale Mills plant in Graniteville.
 Nine people were killed and over 250 people were treated for toxic chlorine exposure.
 The accident was determined to be caused by a misaligned railroad switch.
Hopelink is a social services nonprofit agency that serves north and east King County, Washington with food banks, energy assistance, housing, a family development program, transportation and adult education.
 Founded in 1971, it is one of the largest nonprofits in the state of Washington, employing more than 250 people with an annual budget of about $55,000,000.
 With a mission of helping people achieve stability and prepare to exit poverty, Hopelink serves about 64,000 people every year.
Taifa is a town in the Ga East Municipal District, a district in the Greater Accra Region of south-eastern Ghana near the capital Accra.
 Taifa is the twenty-sixth largest settlement in Ghana, in terms of population, with a population of 68,459 people.
 Taifa is located in the northwest suburbs area of Accra.
 It has a breakpoint on a railway line and a small park located on the northern edge of the location of the Taifa Ghana Atomic Energy Commission.
 At the Ghana 2000 census of 26 March 2000, the population was 26,145 inhabitants living in the city.
 Projections of 1 January 2007 estimated the population to be 48,927 inhabitants.
 In the census of 1984 there was only 1,009 inhabitants.
 The strong population growth of the Town is influenced by, among other things, a large number of illegal immigrants from west African countries who move to towns and villages near the industrial town of Tema, just to find a job.
Rita Hester (30 November 1963 - 28 November 1998) was a transgender African American woman who was murdered in Allston, Massachusetts on November 28, 1998.
 In response to her murder, an outpouring of the Black community's grief and anger led to a candlelight vigil held the following Friday (December 4) in which about 250 people participated.
 Her death also inspired the "Remembering Our Dead" web project and the Transgender Day of Remembrance.
 Gwendolyn Ann Smith founded the Transgender Day of Remembrance in 1999.
