Zeynab Javadli (Azeri: "Zeynəb Cavadlı"), formally referred to as Sheikha Zaynab (Arabic: الشيخة زينب‎ ‎ ) (born 19 July 1991) is an Azerbaijani former gymnast and a wife of Emirati royal Saeed bin Maktoum bin Rashid Al Maktoum.
ABS-CBN (an initialism of the network's former names, Alto Broadcasting System - Chronicle Broadcasting Network) is a Filipino commercial broadcast television network that is the flagship property of ABS-CBN Corporation, a company under Lopez Group.
 The network is headquartered at the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center in Quezon City, with additional offices and production facilities in 25 major cities including Baguio, Naga, Iloilo, Cebu, and Davao.
 ABS-CBN is formally referred to as "The "Kapamilya" Network", "Kapamilya" is a Filipino term which means a member of a family, is originally introduced in 1999 and was officially introduced in 2003 during the celebration of the 50th year anniversary of Philippine television.
 It is the largest television network in the country in terms of revenues, assets, and international coverage.
Frederick Windsor 'Freddie' Warren (23 December 1907 – 1986) was a Welsh professional footballer and Wales international.
In addition to formal demonyms, many nicknames are in common use for residents of the different countries, regions and places of the United Kingdom.
 For example, residents of Liverpool, formally referred to as "Liverpudlians", are also referred to by the nickname "Scousers".
 Some nicknames are a badge of pride; in other cases they may be regarded as offensive.
 Many of the names listed below are merely the nicknames of local football teams and are rarely, if ever, used in a non-football context.
Comic fantasy is a subgenre of fantasy that is primarily humorous in intent and tone.
 Usually set in imaginary worlds, comic fantasy often includes puns on and parodies of other works of fantasy.
 It is sometimes known as low fantasy in contrast to high fantasy, which is primarily serious in intent and tone.
 The term "low fantasy" is used to represent other types of fantasy, however, so while comic fantasies may also correctly be classified as low fantasy, many examples of low fantasy are not comic in nature.
Lord Frederick Windsor (Frederick Michael George David Louis; born 6 April 1979), also nicknamed Freddie Windsor, is a British financial analyst, and the only son of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent.
Lord Frederick Cambridge ("Frederick Charles Edward") (born Prince Frederick of Teck) (24 September 1907 – 15 May 1940) was a descendant of the British Royal Family.
 He was the younger son of the Adolphus Cambridge, 1st Marquess of Cambridge, formerly the Duke of Teck, and a nephew of Queen Mary, the consort of King George V.
Sophie Lara Winkleman (born 5 August 1980) is an English actress.
 As the wife of Lord Frederick Windsor, son of Queen Elizabeth II's first cousin Prince Michael of Kent, she is formally referred to as Lady Frederick Windsor, but continues to use her maiden name in her professional career.
ElvenQuest is a comic fantasy broadcast on BBC Radio 4 by Anil Gupta and Richard Pinto, and starring Stephen Mangan, Alistair McGowan, Darren Boyd, Kevin Eldon, Sophie Winkleman and Dave Lamb.
 The series takes place in the world of Lower Earth, a parody of Middle-earth from "The Lord of the Rings" by J. R. R. Tolkien.
 In Lower Earth, a band of warriors go forth to search for a mythical sword to save Lower Earth from the evil Lord Darkness (played by McGowan).
 In order to do so, they must find "The Chosen One" who will save Lower Earth.
 The Chosen One is Amis, a dog in the real world which belongs to a fantasy novelist called Sam Porter (played by Mangan).
 The first series was broadcast from 29 March to 3 June 2009 and the second from 18 November 2010.
 The third series began broadcasting from 17 October 2011.
 The fourth series began broadcasting 12 February 2013.
"The Eye of Tandyla" is a fantasy story by American writer L. Sprague de Camp, part of his Pusadian series.
 It was first published in the magazine "Fantastic Adventures" for May, 1951, and first appeared in book form in de Camp's collection "The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales" (Twayne, 1953).
 The story has also appeared in the magazine "Fantastic" for November 1965, the anthologies "Time Untamed" (1967), "The Magic of Atlantis" (1970), "Wizards" (1983), and "The Mammoth Book of Seriously Comic Fantasy" (1999) (also published as "The Mammoth Book of Comic Fantasy II"), and the de Camp omnibus collection "Lest Darkness Fall/Rogue Queen/The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales" (2014).
 It has also been translated into French, Spanish, Italian, German and Russian.
