Christian Lauba (born 26 July 1952) is a Tunisian born French composer and teacher, especially noted for his compositions for saxophone.
 His compositions often incorporate the music of his native North Africa as well as Japanese influences.
 He sometimes composes under the name of Jean Matitia, particularly for jazz and rag music.
Jean-Baptiste Cardonne (26 June 1730 – after August 1792) was a French composer, singer and harpsichordist.
 Cardonne was born at Versailles, where his father was a member of the royal household.
 He became a royal page, but his musical talents were soon noticed and he received tuition from the composer Colin de Blamont.
 In 1745 he joined the choir of the royal chapel, where he also played the harpsichord.
 His first operatic piece, "Amaryllis", premiered in 1752.
 Cardonne continued to enjoy the patronage of the royal family, writing harpsichord and vocal music for them.
 From 1768, he tried to establish a career as an opera composer.
 His lack of success led to his return to the court, where he became "maître de la musique du roi" (master of the King's music) in 1780.
 Nothing is known about Cardonne's life after the fall of King Louis XVI during the French Revolution in September 1792.
Étienne-Joseph Floquet (23 November 174810 May 1785) was a French composer, mainly of operas.
 He was born in Aix-en-Provence and began his career by writing church music, before moving to Paris in 1767.
 There, Floquet made a name for himself with the requiem he wrote for the funeral of the composer Jean-Joseph de Mondonville in 1772.
 Floquet's first work for the Paris Opéra, the "ballet héroïque" "L'union de l'amour et les arts," was a triumph, enjoying 60 performances between its premiere in September 1773 and January 1774.
 The audience at the premiere was so enthusiastic that the performance had to be stopped several times because of the applause and, at the final curtain, Floquet was presented on stage, the first composer in the history of the Paris Opéra to enjoy such an honour.
 However, the arrival of the German composer Christoph Willibald Gluck in Paris later that year changed French musical taste and Floquet's style became unfashionable.
 After the failure of his next opera, "Azolan", Floquet decided to travel to Italy to perfect his musical education.
 There he studied composition under Nicola Sala in Naples and counterpoint under Padre Martini in Bologna, where he turned momentarily back to church music composing a "Te deum".
Jean-Michel André Jarre (] , born 24 August 1948) is a French composer, performer, and record producer.
 He is a pioneer in the electronic, ambient, and new-age genres, also known for organising outdoor spectacles featuring his music, vast laser displays and fireworks.
Delirium Tremens is the only studio album by the American experimental music ensemble Sulfur, released on June 16, 1998 by Goldenfly Records.
 With French composer and vocalist Michele Amar acting as bandleader, the album includes performances by members of Firewater, Motherhead Bug, Soul Coughing and Swans.
L'Absente is the fourth studio album by French composer and musician Yann Tiersen.
 When French film director Jean-Pierre Jeunet asked Tiersen if he was interested in writing the film score for "Amélie", Tiersen was already working on "L'Absente".
 The album was released on 5 June 2001 through EMI France, and was preceded by two promotional singles for "À quai" and "Bagatelle".
 "L'Absente" is an album of great variety with Tiersen playing many instruments including an old-fashioned typewriter and a pot, and it is characterized by several guests contributions provided by the 35-member Ensemble Orchestral Synaxis conducted by Guillaume Bourgogne, French folk rock group Têtes Raides, singers Dominique A, Lisa Germano, Neil Hannon, and Belgian actress Natacha Régnier, ondes Martenot player Christine Ott, Christian Quermalet, guitarist Marc Sens, viola player Bertrand Lambert, violinists Yann Bisquay and Sophie Naboulay, saxophonist Grégoire Simon, and drummer Sacha Toorop.
 "L'Absente" peaked at number 41 on the French Albums Chart.
Dimitri from Paris (born Dimitrios Yerasimos in October 1963) is a Turkish born French music producer and DJ of Greek descent.
 His musical influences are rooted in 1970s funk and disco sounds that spawned contemporary house music, as well as original soundtracks from 1950s and 1960s cult movies such as "Breakfast at Tiffany's", "La Dolce Vita" and "The Party", which were sampled in his album "Sacrebleu".
 Dimitri fused these sounds with electro and block party hip hop he discovered in the 1980s.
"Together Now" is a collaboration between French composer/producer Jean Michel Jarre, and the Japanese composer/producer Tetsuya Komuro.
 It was the France 1998 FIFA World Cup theme song.
 Olivia was the vocalist and the lyricist for this song.
 Together Now also features as Track 15 for "Music Of The World Cup: Allez!
 Ola!
 Ole!"
.
 However, the single was only retailed in Japan.
 Surprisingly, despite both Olivia and Tetsuya Komuro being under Avex, the single itself was released under SMEJ.
 The single reached #32 on Oricon charts and charted for #10 weeks.
Edward Lockspeiser (21 May 19053 Feb 1973) was an English musicologist, composer, art critic and radio broadcaster on music who specialized in the works and life of French composer Claude Debussy and was considered one of the few British authorities on French classical music.
 Lockspeiser studied at the Paris Conservatory between 1922 and 1926 with Alexandre Tansman and Nadia Boulanger and at the Royal College of Music in London from 1929 to 1930 with Charles Herbert Kitson and Malcolm Sargent.
 He was voted into the Académie des Beaux-Arts in 1948 for his services to French music.
Igor Wakhevitch (born 12 May 1948 in Gassin-Saint Tropez, France) is an avant-garde French composer who released a series of studio albums in the 1970s and composed the music of the only opera imagined by Salvador Dalí: "Être Dieu" ("To Be God").
 Igor is the elder son of the very famous set designer, cinema, theatre, opera, ballet Georges Wakhevitch and Maria Carlo (Marica Wakhevitch), a French actress, pupil of George and Ludmilla Pitoeff, and later on, a close associate of Yves Saint-Laurent and Hubert de Givenchy in Paris, in charge of the "prêt à porter" (Boutique Yves Saint-Laurent).
 Igor's young brother, Alexandre Wakhevitch is an eminent historian of classical painting, mostly the Italian "Renaissance" period.
