Russ Abbot (born Russell A. Roberts; 18 September 1947) is an English musician, comedian and actor.
 He first came to public notice during the 1970s as the singer and drummer with British comedy showband the "Black Abbots", along with Leonard 'Lenny' Reynolds, later forging a prominent solo career as a television comedian with his own weekly show on British television.
Kevin Dunn (a/k/a Kevin McFoy Dunn), born 10 October 1951 in Jacksonville, Florida, is a guitarist, producer, and songwriter who first came to public notice in context of the fertile new wave scene that arose in Athens and Atlanta, GA, in the late 1970s.
 In 1975 he and collaborator Alfredo Villar formed the Fans, one of the first Southeastern bands for whom the influence of blues or country music was not primary, their chief inspiration lying instead in the British art rock of the era (Brian Eno, Roxy Music, Robert Fripp, etc.).
 The band issued three singles — the second of which, "Cars and Explosions" (b/w "Dangerous Goodbyes"), was produced by Mark Miller-Mundy and released on Dai Davies' Albion label — but, destabilized by artistic differences between the principals and disheartened by the failure of a protracted dalliance with A&M Records that had been championed by the label's then-head of A&R John Anthony, they disbanded in 1979.
Dream Street is a British children's television series that ran from 6 May 1999 to 2002 on "CITV".
 The show is narrated by British comedian Russ Abbot, and was aimed at children aged from 2 to 7.
 The show featured talking toy vehicles, which were radio controlled in real time.
 The series aired back on CITV around 2008.
Portrait of Madame Aymon, La Belle Zélie is an 1806 oil on canvas painting by the French artist Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres.
 The painting is one of Ingres' early painted portraits, completed just before his first stay in Rome.
 It first came to public notice during a 1867 Ingres exhibition in Paris, and was acquired by the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Rouen in 1870.
Stephen Glenn Martin (born August 14, 1945) is an American actor, comedian, writer, producer, and musician.
 Martin came to public notice in the 1960s as a writer for "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour", and later as a frequent guest on "The Tonight Show".
 In the 1970s, Martin performed his offbeat, absurdist comedy routines before packed houses on national tours.
 Since the 1980s, having branched away from comedy, Martin has become a successful actor, as well as an author, playwright, pianist, and banjo player, eventually earning him an Emmy, Grammy, and American Comedy awards, among other honors.
"Dream Street" is the final single released from Janet Jackson's second album "Dream Street", following the first three single releases, "Two to the Power of Love", "Fast Girls", and "Don't Stand Another Chance".
 The title track was also scheduled to be released in 1984, but due to low sales the producers canceled these plans.
 Thanks to the TV show "Fame", "Dream Street" did get a music video.
Diana Dors (born Diana Mary Fluck; 23 October 1931 – 4 May 1984) was an English film actress and singer.
 She first came to public notice as a blonde bombshell in the style of American Marilyn Monroe, as promoted by her first husband, Dennis Hamilton, mostly via sex film-comedies and risqué modelling.
 When it turned out that Hamilton had been defrauding her for his own benefit, she had little choice but to play up to her established image, and she made tabloid headlines with the adult parties reportedly held at her house.
 Later, she showed a genuine talent for TV, recordings, and cabaret, and gained new popularity as a regular chat-show guest.
Dream Street is the second studio album by American musician Janet Jackson, released on October 23, 1984, by A&M Records.
 More pop than her debut album's "bubblegum soul" feel, the album wasn't the runaway success that Janet's father Joseph thought it would be, peaking at number one hundred forty-seven on the "Billboard" 200 in 1984.
 The album did have one modest hit for Jackson, the top ten R&B single, "Don't Stand Another Chance", produced by brother Marlon.
 Also, the video for the song "Dream Street", her first music video, was shot during the shooting of the TV show "Fame".
Dream Street is the first and only album by the boy band Dream Street.
 The songs "It Happens Every Time" and "I Say Yeah" were featured on Radio Disney albums.
 The song "They Don't Understand" was featured on the "" soundtrack.
Nancy Dell'Olio (born 23 August 1961) is an Italian-British lawyer who first came to public notice as the girlfriend of Sven-Göran Eriksson, then manager of the England national football team.
