Lut ibn Haran (Arabic: لوط‎ , "Lūṭ " ‎ ), known as Lot in the Old Testament, is a prophet of God in the Quran.
 He also appears in the Bible, but the biblical stories of Lot are not entirely accepted within Islam.
 According to Islamic tradition, Lot lived in Ur and was the son of Haran and nephew of Abraham.
 He migrated with Abraham to Canaan.
 He was bestowed as a prophet to the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah.
 He was commanded by God to go to the land of Sodom and Gomorrah to preach to his people on monotheism and to stop them from their lustful and violent acts.
 According to both the Quran and the Hebrew Bible, Lot's messages were ignored by the inhabitants and Sodom and Gomorrah were subsequently destroyed.
 Their sites cannot be exactly located, but it may be supposed that they were somewhere in the plain east of the Dead Sea or underneath its current limits.
 Lot's story is traditionally presented as an Islamic view against rape and homosexual acts.
Talut (Arabic: طالوت‎ ‎ , "Ṭālūt") is considered to be the Qur’anic name for Saul, as he was the "Malik" (Arabic: مَـلِـك‎ ‎ , King) of Israel, or Gideon, with the reasoning that the Quran references the same incident of the drinking from the river as that found in the Book of Judges (7:5-7), and other factors associated with the latter.
The Book of Judges (Hebrew: "Sefer Shoftim" ספר שופטים) is the seventh book of the Hebrew Bible and the Christian Bible.
 It contains the history of the Biblical judges, the divinely inspired leaders whose direct knowledge of Yahweh allows them to act as champions for the Israelites against oppression by foreign rulers, and models of the wise and faithful behaviour required of them by their God Yahweh following the exodus from Egypt and the conquest of Canaan.
 The stories follow a consistent pattern: the people are unfaithful to Yahweh and he therefore delivers them into the hands of their enemies; the people repent and entreat Yahweh for mercy, which he sends in the form of a leader or champion (a "judge"); the judge delivers the Israelites from oppression and they prosper, but soon they fall again into unfaithfulness and the cycle is repeated.
 Scholars consider many of the stories in "Judges" to be the oldest in the Deuteronomistic history, with their major redaction dated to the 8th century BCE and with materials such as the Song of Deborah dating from much earlier, perhaps close to the period the book depicts.
The Book of Nahum is the seventh book of the 12 minor prophets of the Hebrew Bible.
 It is attributed to the prophet Nahum, and was probably written in Jerusalem in the 7th century BC.
The Quran, the central religious text of Islam, contains references to more than fifty people and events also found in the Bible.
 While the stories told in each book are generally comparable in most respects, important differences sometimes emerge.
 Many stories in the Bible are not mentioned at all in the Quran and many stories in the Quran are not mentioned in the Bible.
In its Arabic texts, the Quran is considered the primary source of authority by Muslims.
 The Quran is a relatively short book of 77,000 words that are divided into one hundred and fourteen chapters (Suras).
 A hundred and thirteen of the chapters of the Quran begin with an indication of the book’s intent (In the name of God the All- Compassionate and the Ever-Merciful).
 The book is largely concerned with establishing boundaries that Muslims are prohibited from transgressing.
 Within these boundaries the Quran treats human beings as equally valuable and endowed with certain rights by virtue of simply being human, hence Human rights.
 The rights bestowed upon humans in the Quran include the right to life and peaceful living, as well as the right to own, protect, and have property protected, Islamic economic jurisprudence.
 The Quran also contains rights for minority groups and women, as well as regulations of human interactions as between one another to the extent of dictating how Prisoners of war ought to be treated.
Elijah (, meaning "My God is Yahu/Jah") or Elias ( ; Greek: Ηλίας "Elías"; Syriac: ܐܸܠܝܼܵܐ‎ "Elyāe"; Arabic: إلياس or إليا, "Ilyās" or "Ilyā") was a prophet and a miracle worker who lived in the northern kingdom of Israel during the reign of Ahab (9th century BC), according to the Books of Kings in the Hebrew Bible.
 In 1 Kings 18, Elijah defended the worship of the Jewish God over that of the Canaanite deity Baal.
 God also performed many miracles through Elijah, including resurrection (raising the dead), bringing fire down from the sky, and entering Heaven alive "by a whirlwind".
 He is also portrayed as leading a school of prophets known as "the sons of the prophets".
 Following his ascension, Elisha his disciple and most devoted assistant took over his role as leader of this school.
 The Book of Malachi prophesies Elijah's return "before the coming of the great and terrible day of the LORD", making him a harbinger of the Messiah and of the eschaton in various faiths that revere the Hebrew Bible.
 References to Elijah appear in Ecclesiasticus, the New Testament, the Mishnah and Talmud, the Quran, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and Bahá'í writings.
Serpents (Hebrew: נחש‎ ‎ "nāḥāš") are referred to in both the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament.
 The symbol of a serpent or snake played important roles in religious and cultural life of ancient Egypt, Canaan, Mesopotamia and Greece.
 The serpent was a symbol of evil power and chaos from the underworld as well as a symbol of fertility, life and healing. "
Nachash", Hebrew for "snake", is also associated with divination, including the verb-form meaning to practice divination or fortune-telling.
 In the Hebrew Bible, "Nachash" occurs in the Torah to identify the serpent in Eden.
 Throughout the Hebrew Bible, it is also used in conjunction with "saraph" to describe vicious serpents in the wilderness. "
Tanniyn", a form of dragon-monster, also occurs throughout the Hebrew Bible.
 In the Book of Exodus, the staffs of Moses and Aaron are turned into serpents, a "nachash" for Moses, a "tanniyn" for Aaron.
 In the New Testament, the Book of Revelation makes use of "ancient serpent" and "the Dragon" several times to identify Satan or the devil.
 (; ) The serpent is most often identified with the hubristic Satan, and sometimes with Lilith.
According to Dr. Naseeb Shaheen, Shakespeare, in writing his plays, "seldom borrows biblical references from his sources, even when those sources contain many references."
 Roy Battenhouse notes that the Shakespearean tragedy "frequently echoes Bible language or paradigm, even when the play's setting is pagan."
 Similarly, Peter Milward notes that despite their secular appearance, Shakespeare's plays "conceal an undercurrent of religious meaning which belongs to their deepest essence."
 Further, Milward maintains that although Shakespeare "may have felt obliged by the circumstances of the Elizabethan stage to avoid Biblical or other religious subjects for his plays," such obligation "did not prevent him from making full use of the Bible in dramatizing his secular sources and thus infusing into them a Biblical meaning."
 Milward continues that, in writing his plays (in particular, the tragedies), Shakespeare "shows the universal relevance of the Bible both to the reality of human life 'in this harsh world' and to its ideal in the heart of God."
 Steven Marx suggests "a thorough familiarity with the Scriptures" is a prerequisite to understanding the Biblical references in the plays, and that the plays' references to the Bible "illuminate fresh and surprising meanings in the biblical text."
 Marx further notes that "it is possible that Shakespeare sometimes regarded his own role of playwright and performer as godlike, his own book as potent and capacious as 'The Book'."
 It is important to note, as a recent study points out “The diversity of versions reflected in Shakespeare’s writing indicates that ‘Shakespeare’s Bible’ cannot be taken for granted as unitary, since it consists of a network of different translations”
Mûsâ ibn 'Imran (Arabic: ٰمُوسَى‎ , "Mūsā " ‎ ) known as Moses in the Hebrew Bible, considered a prophet, messenger, and leader in Islam, is the most frequently mentioned individual in the Quran.
 In Islamic tradition, instead of introducing a new religion, Musa is regarded by Muslims as teaching and practicing the religion of his predecessors and confirming the scriptures and prophets before him.
 The Quran states that Moses was sent by God to the Pharaoh of Egypt and the Israelites for guidance and warning.
 Moses is mentioned more in the Quran than any other individual, and his life is narrated and recounted more than that of any other prophet.
 According to Islam, all Muslims must have faith in every prophet ("nabi") and messenger ("rasul") which includes Moses and his brother Aaron ("Harun").
 The Quran states:
