The Shadow Wars are a fictional series of wars involving the Shadows in the television science fiction series "Babylon 5".
 There have actually been many Shadow Wars since ancient times in the galaxy.
 Roughly every thousand years, the Shadows begin a new Shadow War to promote chaos in the universe in accordance with their ideology of growth through conflict.
 During the first two seasons, "The Shadow War" typically refers to the previous Shadow War in the cycle, a thousand years earlier.
 At this point the one that takes place within the series itself is referred to as "the Coming Shadow War", as it is anticipated but not yet begun.
 This last war is mainly referred to as "the Shadow War" in the fourth and fifth seasons.
Gargoyles is an American animated series produced by Walt Disney Television and Buena Vista Television, and originally aired from October 24, 1994 to February 15, 1997.
 The series features a species of nocturnal creatures known as gargoyles that turn to stone during the day.
 After spending a thousand years in an enchantedly petrified state, the gargoyles (who have been transported from medieval Scotland) are reawakened in modern-day New York City, and take on roles as the city's secret night-time protectors.
Quaternary ( ) is the current and most recent of the three periods of the Cenozoic Era in the geologic time scale of the International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS).
 It follows the Neogene Period and spans from 2.588 ± 0.005 million years ago to the present.
 The Quaternary Period is divided into two epochs: the Pleistocene (2.588 million years ago to 11.7 thousand years ago) and the Holocene (11.7 thousand years ago to today).
 The informal term "Late Quaternary" refers to the past 0.5–1.0 million years.
Escalante Petrified Forest State Park (also known as Escalante State Park) is a state park of Utah, USA, located a half-mile (0.8 km) north of the town of Escalante.
 A visitor center was built in 1991, and features displays of plant and marine fossils, petrified wood and fossilized dinosaur bones over 150 million years old (Upper Jurassic Period).
 The Petrified Forest Trail is a one-mile (1.6 km) loop, winding up the side of a mesa to the top where most of the fossil wood occurs.
 Logs two feet or more in diameter are seen at several places along the trail where it is eroding from the conglomerate capping the mesa.
 This conglomerate lies near the top of the Brushy Basin Member of the Morrison Formation.
 The wood is multicolored (mostly red, yellow, white, and black) and was prized by hobbyists before the Park was established.
 The logs are believed to be of conifers that were transported by a river before being buried and later fossilized as agate.
 A 50 foot (15m) log is displayed near the trail head and is one of the most complete fossil logs known from the Morrison Formation.
Rainbow Girl (Dori Aandraison of the planet Xolnar) is a fictional character and a DC Comics super heroine.
 She first appeared in "Adventure Comics" #309 (June 1963) as a rejected Legion of Super-Heroes applicant.
 Her second appearance was 25 years later in "Who's Who in the Legion of Super-Heroes" #5 as a socialite.
 She did not appear again for nearly 20 years until "Action Comics" #862 as a member of the Legion of Substitute Heroes, an organization of teenage heroes that exists one thousand years in a future universe.
The 2000 Race of a Thousand Years was an endurance race and the final round of the 2000 American Le Mans Series.
 It was run on the Adelaide Street Circuit in Australia on New Year's Eve, 31 December 2000.
 The race was run on the full 3.780 km (2.349 mi) Grand Prix circuit used by Formula One for the Australian Grand Prix between 1985-1995, rather than the shorter 3.219 km (2.012 mi) V8 Supercars version of the circuit used since 1999.
 The Race of a Thousand Years was intended to be run for 1000 kilometres but was stopped short due to time constraints, two hours before midnight, after completing 850 kilometres.
Gargoyles the Movie: The Heroes Awaken is a direct-to-video animated film from The Walt Disney Company.
 The film is actually the five-episode pilot ("Awakening") of the animated television series "Gargoyles" edited into one long feature film, approximately 100 minutes in length.
 As a result, numerous scenes from the original broadcast episodes were cut due to time constraints.
 In addition, a number of scenes were also moved around and some dialogues were changed.
 The episodes were produced and aired in 1994, and the film was released to laserdisc and VHS in February 1995 and featured an interactive VHS/LD board game.
 As the pilot episodes have been released to DVD as part of "Gargoyles": Season 1, this feature is unlikely to be released independently again.
Desert kites are constructions aimed at trapping game animals, found in the Middle East.
 Known to the local Bedouin as the Works of the Old Men, are found across the deserts of Syria, Jordan, Southern Israel and Saudi Arabia.
 They are believed to have been used for hunting wild animals and consist of long dry-stone walls converging on a neck which opens into a confined space which was used as the killing floor.
 The length of the walls can run to hundreds of metres and can be best seen from the air.
 They were given their name by pilots who first saw them from the air in the 1920s.
 Almost 2,000 have been identified across Jordan and Syria.
 No research has been done across the Saudi Arabian Desert.
 Modern research has proven that the "desert kites" were mainly used for hunting herds of migrating goitered or Persian gazelle, a species which became extinct in Southern Levant during the 19th century.
 Most desert kites have been dated through scientific methods to be between 3 and 5 thousand years old.
 The claim of older ages (8 to 9 thousand years) has been contradicted by more recent studies.
 Younger dates mean that the mass hunting did not occur in prehistory and was not done by hunter-gatherers, but during a later period, by agriculturalists who were already growing most of their food.
 Rock art in the vicinity of some of the kites indicates that the hunt could represent a large social effort, done together by people from several settlements, and showing religious connotations.
Beer in Hungary has been brewed for well over a thousand years, but in the modern age, most beer is mass-produced.
 Beer has been made there for around a thousand years and the country has a significant history of commercial beer production.
A Million Miles in a Thousand Years, subtitled "What I Learned While Editing My Life", is the sixth book by Donald Miller.
 After writing a successful book, author Donald Miller's life stalled.
 Instead of enjoying the fruits of his labor, Miller had slipped into a dark point in his life.
 He had no desire to participate in the daily responsibility of life and found himself questioning what his purpose was.
 While in this slump he was approached by two movie producers wanting to turn his book into a movie.
 "A Million Miles in a Thousand Years" centers on the realizations that Miller came to while editing his successful memoir "Blue Like Jazz" into a screenplay for a movie, directed by Steve Taylor.
