Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren is a fictional character played by Uzo Aduba on the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black".
 Warren is portrayed as intelligent, but lacking in social skills, and prone to spiral into emotional outbursts when agitated.
 The character is the only role that has received Emmy Award recognition both in the comedy and drama genres from the same show and only the second character to earn Emmy recognition in both genres.
 Aduba won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series as well as the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Guest Performer in a Comedy Series for her season one performance.
 She received the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series as well as the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series for her season two performance.
 Her season three performance again won Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series.
 She is a recurring character in season one and a regular character beginning with season two.
Too Big to Fail is an American television drama film first broadcast on HBO on May 23, 2011 based on Andrew Ross Sorkin's non-fiction book "" (2009).
 The film was directed by Curtis Hanson.
 It received 11 nominations at the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards; Paul Giamatti's portrayal of Ben Bernanke earned him the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie at the 18th Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Samuel Atkinson Waterston (born November 15, 1940) is an American actor, producer and director.
 Among other roles, he is noted for his portrayal of Sydney Schanberg in "The Killing Fields" (1984), for which he received an Academy Award nomination, and his starring role as Jack McCoy on the long-running NBC television series "Law & Order" (1994–2010), which brought him Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Awards.
 He has been nominated for multiple Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild, BAFTA and Emmy awards, having starred in over eighty film and television productions during his fifty-year career.
 He has also starred in numerous stage productions.
 AllMovie historian Hal Erickson characterized Waterston as having "cultivated a loyal following with his quietly charismatic, unfailingly solid performances."
Geoffrey Roy Rush {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 July 1951) is an Australian actor and film producer.
 Rush is the youngest amongst the few people who have won the "Triple Crown of Acting": the Academy Award, the Primetime Emmy Award, and the Tony Award.
 He has won one Academy Award for acting (from four nominations), three British Academy Film Awards (from five nominations), two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. Rush is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year.
 He is also the first actor to win the Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Critics' Choice Movie Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for a single performance in film for his performance in "Shine" (1996).
The Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award is given by the Screen Actors Guild's National Honors and Tributes Committee "for outstanding achievement in fostering the finest ideals of the acting profession."
 The award predates the 1st Screen Actors Guild Awards by over thirty years, having been presented annually since 1962, except for 1964 and 1981.
Benicio Monserrate Rafael del Toro Sánchez (born February 19, 1967) is a Puerto Rican actor.
 He won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for his portrayal of the jaded but morally upright police officer Javier Rodriguez in the film "Traffic" (2000).
 Del Toro's performance as ex-con turned religious fanatic in despair, Jack Jordan, in Alejandro González Iñárritu's "21 Grams" (2003) earned him a second Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor, as well as a second Screen Actors Guild Awards nomination and a BAFTA Awards nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
Lost is an American drama series that aired on ABC from September 22, 2004 until May 23, 2010.
 It has been nominated for a variety of different awards, including 54 Primetime Emmy Awards (eleven wins), 48 Saturn Awards (thirteen wins), 33 Teen Choice Awards, 17 Television Critics Association Awards (four wins), 12 Golden Reel Awards (five wins), eight Satellite Awards (one win), seven Golden Globe Awards (one win), six Producers Guild of America Awards (one win), six Writers Guild of America Awards (one win), five Directors Guild of America Awards, two NAACP Image Awards (one win), two Screen Actors Guild Awards (one win), and one BAFTA Award.
 Amongst the wins for the series are a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, a Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama, a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series, and a Peabody Award.
Screen Actors Guild‐American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA) is an American labor union representing approximately 160,000 film and television actors, journalists, radio personalities, recording artists, singers, voice actors, and other media professionals worldwide.
 The organization was formed on March 30, 2012, following the merger of the Screen Actors Guild (created in 1933) and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (created in 1937 as American Federation of Radio Artists, becoming AFTRA in 1952 after merger with Television Authority).
 SAG-AFTRA is a member of the AFL–CIO, the largest federation of unions in the United States.
The Screen Actors Guild Foundation is an American organisation that provides assistance and educational programming to the professionals of Screen Actors Guild.
 It also provides children’s literacy programs to the public.
 Founded in 1985, it relies solely on support from grants, corporate sponsorships and individuals to maintain its programs.
The Inaugural Screen Actors Guild Awards aired on NBC from Stage 12, Universal Studios, on February 25, 1995.
 Unveiled during this evening for the first time was the Guild’s new award statuette, The Actor, as well as the first awards for ensembles in drama series and comedy series which honor all of the actors who are the regulars in television series.
 From this auspicious beginning the Screen Actors Guild Awards® has been embraced as one of the most prestigious in the entertainment industry.
