Irving Kaplan (1913–1997) was a chemist and a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor, who was among the founders of the Department of Nuclear Engineering at the institution.
 Before coming to MIT, he was a researcher in chemistry at the Michael Reese Hospital in Chicago from 1937 to 1941.
 He participated in the Manhattan Project to do research on isotope separation.
 Kaplan was also a lead founding member of the Federation of American Scientists, and worked with other scientists to promote civilian control of the atomic energy.
 This eventually led the way to the creation of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission in 1947.
 From 1946 to 1957, he worked as a senior physicist at the Brookhaven National Laboratory on Long Island, and wrote a textbook titled Nuclear Physics.
 Kaplan visited MIT in 1957, and became a professor in 1958 to participate in the new department.
 He participated in various projects such as the research on lattices of partially enriched uranium rods in heavy water, and development of graduate and undergraduate courses such as the history of science and classical Greek.
 Professor Kaplan had a wife, two sons and one daughter, and four grandchildren.
 He died at the Massachusetts General Hospital on April 10 after a heart surgery.
The Ghana Nuclear Society (GNS) is a nonprofit organization that advocates for the introduction of nuclear energy in Ghana.
 It is headquartered at the Ghana Atomic Energy Commission (GAEC) in Accra.
 With the establishment of The Ghana Nuclear Society, Ghana has joined the league of those countries with National Nuclear Societies.
 Its head office is located at the Ghana Atomic Energy Commission (GAEC) in Accra.
 The current national president is Prof. John Justice Fletcher.
 The society is not for science inclined persons alone.
EURATOM Cooperation Act of 1958 is a United States statute which created a cooperative program between the European Atomic Energy Community and the United States.
 In pursuant of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, the cooperative program was an international agreement provisioning United States policy to establish power plants utilizing nuclear power technology within the European Atomic Energy Community territory.
 In accordance with the Act, the cooperative agreement sanctioned a civilian nuclear energy research and development program for the evaluation and observation of nuclear reactors selected by the Atomic Energy Commission and the European Atomic Energy Community.
Henry DeWolf "Harry" Smyth ( ; May 1, 1898 – September 11, 1986) was an American physicist, diplomat, and bureaucrat.
 He played a number of key roles in the early development of nuclear energy, as a participant in the Manhattan Project, a member of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), and U.S. ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
The Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (Pub.L.
 93–438 , 88 Stat.
 1233 , enacted  11, 1974 , codified at 42 U.S.C.A. § 5801) is a United States federal law that established the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
 Under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, a single agency, the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission, had responsibility for the development and production of nuclear weapons and for both the development and the safety regulation of the civilian uses of nuclear materials.
 The Act of 1974 split these functions, assigning to the Energy Research and Development Administration (now the United States Department of Energy) the responsibility for the development and production of nuclear weapons, promotion of nuclear power, and other energy-related work, and assigning to the NRC the regulatory work, which does not include regulation of defense nuclear facilities.
 The Act of 1974 gave the Commission its collegial structure and established its major offices.
The Bariloche Atomic Centre (Spanish: "Centro Atómico Bariloche" ) is one of the research and development centres of the Argentine National Atomic Energy Commission.
 As it name implies, it is located in the city of San Carlos de Bariloche.
 Bariloche Atomic Centre is responsible for research in physics and nuclear engineering.
 It also hosts the Balseiro Institute, a collaboration between National University of Cuyo and the National Atomic Energy Commission.
 The Bariloche Atomic Centre opened in 1955 with its first director, José Antonio Balseiro.
The history of pursuing nuclear medicine goes back to 1956, when the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) was established under the executive order of the Prime Minister of Pakistan, Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy.
 The PAEC, the scientific body who is responsible for establishing the nuclear power plants in the country, has sat up a Nuclear Medicines laboratory.
 The PAEC also sat up the nuclear medicines lab and facilities throughout the country to fight against Cancer.
 Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission had provided the facilities of diagnosis and treatment of cancer and allied diseases to the patients from all over the country employing Nuclear Techniques at its Medical Centres.
 PAEC also sponsored the research program in the field of radiochemistry and biochemistry.
 PAEC also sat up the research institutes all over the country, some of them are below:
Meyers Mill was an unincorporated community in southwestern Barnwell County, South Carolina, United States.
 The area was originally settled by the Meyer family in the late 19th century.
 Meyers Mill grew after a train stop was built on a new rail line.
 In 1951, it was acquired by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission as part of a site for the Savannah River Plant.
Bangladesh Institute of Nuclear Agriculture (BINA) is a research institute in Bangladesh specialized in using nuclear and radiation technology in agricultural research.
 Established in 1961 by the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (currently Bangladesh Atomic Energy Commission), BINA has successfully developed a number of varieties of different crops using the radiation technology.
 For its contribution in the field of agricultural research, BINA has won many prestigious national awards, most notably the President Gold Medal.
 Apart from its headquarter in Mymensingh, BINA has fourteen sub-stations located at Comilla, Rangpur, Ishwardi, Magura, and Khulna.
The Karachi Nuclear Power Complex or KNPC is located in Paradise Point, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
 It consists of the Karachi Nuclear Power Plant (KANUPP) and the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission's Control & Instrumentation Analysis Lab (CIAL KARACHI).
 Two new nuclear power plants, KANUPP-2 and KANUPP-3, are also under construction at the site.
 When complete, the complex of civilian nuclear power plants will produce over 2000 MW of electricity.
 The International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards and inspects the complex.
 The plant is under construction by the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) and is financed by the IAEA, the China Guangdong Nuclear Power Group, the China National Nuclear Corporation, and the China Atomic Energy Authority.
