A case-control study is a type of observational study in which two existing groups differing in outcome are identified and compared on the basis of some supposed causal attribute.
 Case-control studies are often used to identify factors that may contribute to a medical condition by comparing subjects who have that condition/disease (the "cases") with patients who do not have the condition/disease but are otherwise similar (the "controls").
 They require fewer resources but provide less evidence for causal inference than a randomized controlled trial.
Maximum Medical Improvement (MMI) occurs when an injured employee reaches a state where his or her condition cannot be improved any further or when a treatment plateau in a person’s healing process is reached.
 It can mean that the patient has fully recovered from the injury or that the patient’s medical condition has stabilized to the point that no major medical or emotional change can be expected in the injured workers’ condition.
 At that point, no further healing or improvement is deemed possible and this occurs despite continuing medical treatment or rehabilitative programs the injured worker partakes in.
 When a worker who is receiving Workers' Compensation benefits reaches maximum medical improvement, his or her condition is assessed and a degree of permanent or partial impairment is determined.
 This degree will impact the amount of benefits the worker is able to receive.
Distributive shock is a medical condition in which abnormal distribution of blood flow in the smallest blood vessels results in inadequate supply of blood to the body's tissues and organs.
 It is one of four categories of shock, a condition where there is not enough oxygen-carrying blood to meet the metabolic needs of the cells which make up the body's tissues and organs.
 Distributive shock is different from the other three categories of shock in that it occurs even though the output of the heart is at or above a normal level.
 The most common cause is sepsis leading to type of distributive shock called septic shock, a condition that can be fatal.
Sinoatrial arrest (also known as sinus arrest or sinus pause) is a medical condition wherein the sinoatrial node of the heart transiently ceases to generate the electrical impulses that normally stimulate the myocardial tissues to contract and thus the heart to beat.
 It is defined as lasting from 2.0 seconds to several minutes.
 Since the heart contains multiple pacemakers, this interruption of the cardiac cycle generally lasts only a few seconds before another part of the heart, such as the atrio-ventricular junction or the ventricles, begins pacing and restores the heart action.
 This condition can be detected on an electrocardiogram (ECG) as a brief period of irregular length with no electrical activity before either the sinoatrial node resumes normal pacing, or another pacemaker begins pacing.
 If a pacemaker other than the sinoatrial node is pacing the heart, this condition is known as an escape rhythm.
 If no other pacemaker begins pacing during an episode of sinus arrest it becomes a cardiac arrest.
 This condition is sometimes confused with sinoatrial block, a condition in which the pacing impulse is generated, but fails to conduct through the myocardium.
 Differential diagnosis of the two conditions is possible by examining the exact length of the interruption of cardiac activity.
Chilblains ( ) — also known as pernio, Chill Burns and perniosis — is a medical condition that occurs when a predisposed individual is exposed to cold and humidity, causing tissue damage.
 It is often confused with frostbite and trench foot.
 Damage to capillary beds in the skin causes redness, itching, inflammation, and sometimes blisters.
 Chilblains can be reduced by keeping the feet and hands warm in cold weather, and avoiding extreme temperature changes.
 Chilblains can be idiopathic (spontaneous and unrelated to another disease), but may also be a manifestation of another serious medical condition that must be investigated.
 A history of chilblains suggests a connective tissue disease (such as lupus).
 In infants, chilblains together with severe neurologic disease and unexplained fevers occurs in Aicardi–Goutières syndrome, a rare inherited condition.
The Florida Medical Marijuana Legalization Initiative, also known as Amendment 2, was approved by voters in the Tuesday, November 8, 2016, general election in the State of Florida.
 The bill required a super-majority vote to pass, with at least 60% of voters voting for support of a state constitutional amendment.
 Florida already had a medical marijuana law in place, but only for those who are terminally ill and with less than a year left to live.
 The goal of Amendment 2 is to alleviate those suffering from these medical conditions: cancer, epilepsy, glaucoma, positive status for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), Crohn's disease, Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis, chronic nonmalignant pain caused by a qualifying medical condition or that originates from a qualified medical condition or other debilitating medical conditions comparable to those listed.
 Under Amendment 2, the medical marijuana will be given to the patient if the physician believes that the medical use of marijuana would likely outweigh the potential health risks for a patient but smoking the medication is not allowed, instead the product can be consumed as edibles or by using vaping, oils, sprays or pills.
Therapeutic inertia (also known as clinical inertia) is a measurement of the resistance to therapeutic treatment for an existing medical condition.
 It is commonly measured as a percentage of the number of encounters in which a patient with a condition received new or increased therapeutic treatment out of the total number of visits to a health care professional by the patient.
 A high percentage indicates that the health care provider is slow to treat a medical condition.
 A low percentage indicates that a provider is extremely quick in prescribing new treatment at the onset of any medical condition.
In medicine, a natural history study is a study that follows a group of people over time who have, or are at risk of developing, a specific medical condition or disease.
 A natural history study collects health information over time in order to understand how the medical condition or disease develops and to give insight into how it might be treated.
Adenomyosis is a gynecologic medical condition characterized by the abnormal presence of endometrial tissue (the inner lining of the uterus) within the myometrium (the thick, muscular layer of the uterus).
 In contrast, when endometrial tissue is present entirely outside the uterus, it represents a similar but distinct medical condition called endometriosis.
 The two conditions are found together in many cases, but often occur independently.
 Before being recognized as its own condition, adenomyosis used to be called "endometriosis interna".
 Additionally, the less-commonly used term "adenomyometritis" is a more specific name for the condition, specifying involvement of the uterus.
A cure is the end of a medical condition; the substance or procedure that ends the medical condition, such as a medication, a surgical operation, a change in lifestyle, or even a philosophical mindset that helps end a person's sufferings; or the state of being healed, or cured.
