Eleonora Pedron (born 13 July 1982) is an Italian model and actress, who was crowned Miss Italia 2002.
 She later briefly served as a weather presenter on Italy's Rete 4 channel.
 As an actress she was most recently seen in the TV series "Donna Detective".
Alex Belli (born 22 December 1982 in Parma) is an Italian model, media personality and actor, best known for his role (Jacopo Castelli, 2010-2015) on daytime soap opera "CentoVetrine".
 In 2005 Alex Belli started his career as a model in London, Paris, New York City and Milan.
 In January 2012 he took part (with Bobo Vieri, Andrés Gil, Anna Tatangelo, Ria Antoniou, Ariadna Romero and other contestant) in the Italian reality show "Ballando con le Stelle" hosted on Rai 1 by Milly Carlucci with Paolo Belli and his "Big Band".
 Alex Belli in 2013, after 3 years of engagement, married Katarina Raniakova, a Slovakian model: they divorced in 2017.
Elena Santarelli (born 18 August 1981) is an Italian model, television personality and actress.
Basaglia Law or Law 180 (Italian: "Legge Basaglia, Legge 180" ) is the Italian Mental Health Act of 1978 which signified a large reform of the psychiatric system in Italy, contained directives for the closing down of all psychiatric hospitals and led to their gradual replacement with a whole range of community-based services, including settings for acute in-patient care.
 The Basaglia Law is the basis of Italian mental health legislation.
 The principal proponent of Law 180 and its architect was Italian psychiatrist Franco Basaglia.
 Therefore, Law 180 is known as the “Basaglia Law” from the name of its promoter.
 The Parliament of Italy enacted Law 180 on May 13, 1978, and thereby initiated the gradual dismantling of psychiatric hospitals.
 Implementation of the psychiatric reform law was accomplished in 1998 which marked the very end of the state psychiatric hospital system in Italy.
 The Law has had worldwide impact as other counties took up widely the Italian model.
 It was "Democratic Psychiatry" which was essential in the birth of the reform law of 1978.
Eva Riccobono (born 7 February 1983) is an Italian model, actress, and television presenter.
Probably composed in the 1580s, Philip Sidney's Astrophil and Stella is an English sonnet sequence containing 108 sonnets and 11 songs.
 The name derives from the two Greek words, 'aster' (star) and 'phil' (lover), and the Latin word 'stella' meaning star.
 Thus Astrophil is the star lover, and Stella is his star.
 Sidney partly nativized the key features of his Italian model Petrarch, including an ongoing but partly obscure narrative, the philosophical trappings of the poet in relation to love and desire, and musings on the art of poetic creation.
 Sidney also adopts the Petrarchan rhyme scheme, though he uses it with such freedom that fifteen variants are employed.
Flavia Vento (born 17 April 1977) is an Italian model, actress and presenter.
Marta Ribera is a Spanish theatrical actress star born in 1971.
 She is perhaps best known for her roles in the Frank Wildhorn musical Jekyll & Hyde (musical) in the starring role of Lucy Harris and her most recent role as The Lady of the Lake in Monty Python's Spamalot.
 She has also appeared as Sally Bowles in Cabaret (musical), amongst other roles.
Janine Marie Elizabeth de Leon Gutierrez, known professionally as Janine Gutierrez (born 2 October 1989, Quezon City) is a Filipina actress, television host and commercial model.
 A graduate of the Ateneo de Manila University with a degree in European Studies, she is currently a contract artist of GMA Network.
Margareth Madè (22 June 1982, Paternò, Italy) born Margareth Tamara Maccarrone is an Italian model and actress.
 She uses her artist name because her own surname "Maccarrone" has too many associations with pasta.
