In abstract algebra, the length of a module is a measure of the module's "size".
 It is defined to be the length of the longest chain of submodules and is a generalization of the concept of dimension for vector spaces. Modules with "finite" length share many important properties with finite-dimensional vector spaces.
An "interrupt vector table" (IVT) is a data structure that associates a list of interrupt handlers with a list of interrupt requests in a table of interrupt vectors.
 Each entry of the interrupt vector table, called an interrupt vector, is the address of an interrupt handler.
 While the concept is common across processor architectures, IVTs may be implemented in architecture-specific fashions.
 For example, a dispatch table is one method of implementing an interrupt vector table.
New Valley LLC is an investment company owned by Vector Group.
 Western Union was renamed New Valley in the early 1990s as the corporate parent of all Western Union related businesses.
 In 1994, New Valley sold its Western Union businesses to First Financial Management (later acquired by First Data) for $1.2 Billion.
 After more than 100 years of being a publicly traded entity, New Valley became a wholly owned subsidiary of Vector Group on December 13, 2005 when Vector Group acquired the remaining 42.3% of New Valley's common shares that it did not already own.
 New Valley presently has a 70% stake in Douglas Elliman Realty, the largest residential real estate brokerage in the New York metropolitan area.
 The company also has stakes in various hotels and golf courses in the United States.
 In conjunction with the spin-off of its Ladenburg Thalmann subsidiary New Valley retained a 7.6% stake in Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services, an investment bank and stock brokerage based in Miami.
Word2vec is a group of related models that are used to produce word embeddings.
 These models are shallow, two-layer neural networks that are trained to reconstruct linguistic contexts of words.
 Word2vec takes as its input a large corpus of text and produces a vector space, typically of several hundred dimensions, with each unique word in the corpus being assigned a corresponding vector in the space.
 Word vectors are positioned in the vector space such that words that share common contexts in the corpus are located in close proximity to one another in the space.
The common brown leafhopper, "Orosius orientalis" (Matsumura) (Hemiptera: Cicadellidae) is one of the most common species of Australian leafhoppers with a very wide host range.
 It is an important vector of several viruses and phytoplasmas worldwide.
 In Australia, phytoplasmas vectored by "O. orientalis" cause a range of economically important diseases including legume little leaf, tomato big bud, lucerne witches broom, potato purple top wilt, Australian lucerne and is a possible vector of Australian grapevine yellows.
 "O. orientalis" also transmits Tobacco yellow dwarf virus (TYDV genus Mastrevirus, family Geminiviridae) to beans, causing bean summer death disease and to tobacco, causing tobacco yellow dwarf disease.
The SX-6 is a supercomputer built by NEC Corporation that debuted in 2001; the SX-6 was sold under license by Cray Inc. in the U.S. Each SX-6 single-node system contains up to eight vector processors, which share up to 64 GB of computer memory.
 The SX-6 processor is a single chip implementation containing a vector processor unit and a scalar processor fabricated in a 0.15 μm CMOS process with copper interconnects, whereas the SX-5 was a multi-chip implementation.
An oriented matroid is a mathematical structure that abstracts the properties of directed graphs and of arrangements of vectors in a vector space over an ordered field (particularly for partially ordered vector spaces).
 In comparison, an ordinary (i.e., non-oriented) matroid abstracts the dependence properties that are common both to graphs, which are not necessarily "directed", and to arrangements of vectors over fields, which are not necessarily "ordered".
Transstadial transmission occurs when a pathogen remains with the vector from one life stage ("stadium") to the next.
 For example, the bacteria "Borrelia burgdorferi", the causative agent for Lyme disease, infects the tick vector as a larva, and the infection is maintained when it molts to a nymph and later develops as an adult.
 This type of transmission is seen in other parasites like viruses or "Rickettsia".
 In addition to ticks, mites are another common vector.
 Some sources consider transstadial transmission a type of horizontal transmission, whereas other sources consider it vertical or partial vertical transmission.
In mathematics, scalar multiplication is one of the basic operations defining a vector space in linear algebra (or more generally, a module in abstract algebra).
 In common geometrical contexts, scalar multiplication of a real Euclidean vector by a positive real number multiplies the magnitude of the vector without changing its direction.
 The term "scalar" itself derives from this usage: a scalar is that which scales vectors.
 Scalar multiplication is the multiplication of a vector by a scalar (where the product is a vector), and must be distinguished from inner product of two vectors (where the product is a scalar).
In probability, and statistics, a multivariate random variable or random vector is a list of mathematical variables each of whose value is unknown, either because the value has not yet occurred or because there is imperfect knowledge of its value.
 The individual variables in a random vector are grouped together because they are all part of a single mathematical system — often they represent different properties of an individual statistical unit.
 For example, while a given person has a specific age, height and weight, the representation of these features of "an unspecified person" from within a group would be a random vector.
 Normally each element of a random vector is a real number.
