The Lincoln County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Kemmerer, the county seat of Lincoln County, Wyoming, United States.
 The courthouse's architecture is an unusual mixture of the Beaux-Arts and Classical Revival styles.
 Built in 1925, it was designed by the Salt Lake City architectural company of Headlund & Watkins.
 Located at the intersection of Sage Avenue and Garnet Street, the courthouse includes a high dome and classical façade, supported by large brick walls.
Lincoln County is located between the Arkansas Timberlands and Arkansas Delta in the U.S. state of Arkansas.
 It is also within the Pine Bluff metro area, and on the outer edge of the Central Arkansas region.
 The county is named for Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States.
 Created as Arkansas's 65th county on March 28, 1871, Lincoln County has three incorporated cities, including Star City, the county seat and most populous city.
 The county contains 46 unincorporated communities and ghost towns, Cane Creek State Park at the confluence of Cane Creek and Bayou Bartholomew, and nine listings on the National Register of Historic Places to preserve the history and culture of the county.
Chennault is an unincorporated community in Lincoln County, Georgia, United States.
 It lies at the intersection of State Routes 44 and 79, to the northwest of the city of Lincolnton, the county seat of Lincoln County.
 Its elevation is 466 feet (142 m), and it is located at (33.9076218, -82.6020786).
Merrill is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County, Wisconsin, United States.
 It is located to the south of and adjacent to the Town of Merrill.
 The population was 9,661, according to the 2010 census.
 Merrill is part of the United States Census Bureau's Merrill MSA, which includes all of Lincoln County.
 Together with the Wausau MSA, which includes all of Marathon County, it forms the Wausau-Merrill CSA.
Marv Skie–Lincoln County Airport (FAA LID: Y14) is a public use airport in Lincoln County, South Dakota, United States.
 It is owned by Lincoln County and located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Tea, South Dakota.
 This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Kemmerer is the largest city in and the county seat of Lincoln County, Wyoming, United States.
 The population was 2,656 at the 2010 census.
 As the county seat of Lincoln County, Kemmerer is the location of the Lincoln County Courthouse.
Star Valley High School is a high school located in rural Afton, Lincoln County, Wyoming, United States.
 It is one of two high schools in Lincoln County School District Number 2, along with Cokeville High School.
 It is one of three high schools, along with Cokeville High School and Kemmerer High School, in Lincoln County.
Lincolnton is a small city in Lincoln County, North Carolina, United States, within the Charlotte metropolitan area.
 The population was 10,683 at the 2010 census.
 Lincolnton is northwest of Charlotte, on the South Fork of the Catawba River.
 The junction of State Highway 27 and U.S. Route 321 is located nearby.
 The city is the county seat of Lincoln County, and is the only legally incorporated municipality wholly within the rural county.
The Siletz Reservation is a 5.852 sq mi (15.157 km²) Indian reservation in Lincoln County, Oregon, United States, owned by the Confederated Tribes of Siletz.
 The reservation is made up of numerous non-contiguous parcels of land in east-central Lincoln County, mostly east of the city of Siletz, between it and the Polk County line.
 (The city is located at (44.721812, -123.916316)).
Lincolnton–Lincoln County Regional Airport (ICAO: KIPJ, FAA LID: IPJ) is a public use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) east of the central business district of Lincolnton, a city in Lincoln County, North Carolina, United States.
 It is owned by the City of Lincolnton & Lincoln County.
 According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013, it is a "general aviation" airport (it had previously been a "reliever airport").
