"Potato Head Blues" is a Louis Armstrong composition regarded as one of his finest recordings.
 It was made by Louis Armstrong and his Hot Seven for Okeh Records in Chicago, Illinois on May 10, 1927.
 It was recorded during a remarkably productive week in which Armstrong's usual Hot Five was temporarily expanded to seven players by the addition of tuba and drums; over five sessions the group recorded twelve sides.
Louis Armstrong and his Hot Seven was a jazz studio group organized to make a series of recordings for Okeh Records in Chicago, Illinois, in May 1927.
 Some of the personnel also recorded with Louis Armstrong and His Hot Five, including Johnny Dodds (clarinet), Lil Armstrong (piano), and Johnny St. Cyr (banjo and guitar).
 These musicians were augmented by Dodds's brother, Baby Dodds (drums), Pete Briggs (tuba), and John Thomas (trombone, replacing Armstrong's usual trombonist, Kid Ory, who was then touring with King Oliver).
 Briggs and Thomas were at the time working with Armstrong's performing group, the Sunset Stompers.
Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport (IATA: MSY, ICAO: KMSY, FAA LID: MSY) is an international airport in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.
 It is owned by the city of New Orleans and is 11 miles west of downtown New Orleans.
 The airport's address is 900 Airline Drive in Kenner, Louisiana.
 A small portion of Runway 11/29 is in unincorporated St. Charles Parish.
 Armstrong International is the primary commercial airport for the New Orleans metropolitan area and southeast Louisiana.
 The airport was formerly known as Moisant Field, and it is also known as Louis Armstrong International Airport and New Orleans International Airport.
Louis Armstrong Stadium was a tennis stadium of the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center and one of the venues of the U.S. Open.
 Armstrong was the main stadium before Arthur Ashe Stadium opened in 1997, after which it served as the No. 2 stadium.
 It is named after the noted jazz musician Louis Armstrong, who lived nearby until his death in 1971.
Louis Armstrong Plays W. C. Handy is a 1954 studio release by Louis Armstrong and His All Stars, described by Allmusic as "Louis Armstrong's finest record of the 1950s" and "essential music for all serious jazz collections".
 Columbia CD released the album on CD in 1986 in a much altered form, with alternative versions in place of many of the original songs, but restored the original with its 1997 re-issue, which also included additional tracks: a brief interview by the producer, George Avakian, with W. C. Handy; a joke told by Louis Armstrong; and several rehearsal versions of the songs.
"Heebie Jeebies" is a composition written by Boyd Atkins which achieved fame when it was recorded by Louis Armstrong in 1926.
 The recording on Okeh Records by Louis Armstrong and his Hot Five includes a famous example of scat singing by Armstrong.
Danny Barcelona (July 23, 1929 – April 1, 2007) was a jazz drummer best known for his years with Louis Armstrong's All-Stars.
 He was a Filipino-American born in Waipahu, a community of Honolulu, Hawaii.
 He was also frequently introduced to audiences by Louis Armstrong as The Little Filipino Boy.
 Armstrong usually followed up by calling himself "the little Arabian boy".
The Louis Armstrong Hot Five and Hot Seven Sessions were recorded between 1925 and 1928 by Louis Armstrong with his Hot Five and Hot Seven groups.
 According to the National Recording Registry, "Louis Armstrong was jazz's first great soloist and is among American music's most important and influential figures.
 These sessions, his solos in particular, set a standard musicians still strive to equal in their beauty and innovation."
 These recordings were added to the National Recording Registry in 2002, the first year of the institution's existence.
"Would You Like to Take a Walk?"
 is a popular song with music by Harry Warren and lyrics by Mort Dixon and Billy Rose.
 It appeared in the Broadway show "Sweet and Low" starring James Barton, Fannie Brice and George Jessel.
 The song was published in 1930 by Remick Music Corporation.
 The song has become a pop standard, recorded by many artists including Rudy Vallee in 1931, Annette Hanshaw in 1931 , and Bing Crosby.
 It plays in the 1939 Porky Pig cartoon "Naughty Neighbors" and the 1942 Daffy Duck cartoon "The Daffy Duckaroo".
 Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong recorded the song for Decca in 1951, accompanied by the Dave Barbour Orchestra.
 It was later included on Ella's Decca album "Ella and Her Fellas".
"Saint Louis Blues" is a popular American song composed by W. C. Handy in the blues style and published in September 1914.
 It remains a fundamental part of jazz musicians' repertoire.
 It was also one of the first blues songs to succeed as a pop song.
 It has been performed by numerous musicians in various styles, including Louis Armstrong, Bessie Smith, Count Basie, Glenn Miller, Guy Lombardo, and the Boston Pops Orchestra.
 It has been called "the jazzman's "Hamlet"."
 The 1925 version sung by Bessie Smith, with Louis Armstrong on cornet, was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1993.
 The 1929 version by Louis Armstrong & His Orchestra (with Red Allen) was inducted in 2008.
