"Long live our noble Duke" is an alteration traditionally made within the historic county boundaries of Lancashire to the anthem 'God Save the Queen'.
 The anthem still uses the same lyrics and instrumental tune, but the second line "Long live our noble Queen" is changed to "Long live our noble Duke" out of respect to the reigning monarch in their capacity as the Duke of Lancaster.
 The title is always held by the monarch as head of the royal Duchy of Lancaster, historically Lancaster being the county town of Lancashire.
 No matter if the sovereign is male or female, they always retain the style of Duke, therefore the variant second line never changes even if 'God save the Queen' changes to 'God Save the King' and vice versa.
Anthem of His Majesty the Tsar or God Save the Tsar (Bulgarian: Химн на Негово Величество Царя ] ) was the royal anthem of the Kingdom of Bulgaria from 1908 to 1944.
The original music was written by Emil von Sauer.
 Later the composition by Emanuil Manolov was adopted, and the lyrics were written by Major General Georgi Agura.
 During this period, the national anthem of the Kingdom of Bulgaria was "Shumi Maritsa" and the "Anthem of His Majesty the Tsar" was played immediately after it on every solemn occasion in the Tsar's presence.
"E Ola Ke Aliʻ i Ke Akua", translated as "God Save the King", was one of Hawaii's four national anthems.
 It was composed in 1860 by Prince William Charles Lunalilo, who later became King Lunalilo.
 Prior to 1860, the Kingdom of Hawaii lacked its own national anthem and had used the British royal anthem "God Save The King".
 A contest was sponsored in 1860 by Kamehameha IV, who wanted a song with Hawaiian lyrics set to the tune of the British anthem.
 The winning entry was written by the 25-year-old Lunalilo and was reputed to have been written in 20 minutes.
 Lunalilo was awarded 10 dollars, which later donated to the Queen's Hospital.
 His composition became Hawaii's first national anthem.
 It remained Hawaii's national anthem until 1866, when it was replaced by Queen Liliʻ uokalani's composition "He Mele Lahui Hawaii".
""Vive le Québec libre!""
 (] , "Long live free Quebec!")
 was a controversial phrase in a speech delivered by President Charles de Gaulle of France on July 24, 1967, during an official visit to Canada under the pretext of attending Expo 67 in Montreal, Quebec.
 While giving an address to a large crowd from a balcony at Montreal City Hall, he uttered ""Vive Montréal; Vive le Québec!""
 ("Long live Montreal, Long live Quebec!")
 and then added, followed by loud applause, ""Vive le Québec "libre"!""
 ("Long live "free" Quebec!")
 with particular emphasis on the word 'libre'.
 The phrase, a slogan used by Quebecers who favoured Quebec sovereignty, and de Gaulle's use of it was seen by them as giving his support to the movement.
 The speech sparked a diplomatic incident with Canada's government, and was condemned by Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson, saying that "Canadians do not need to be liberated".
 In France, though many were sympathetic to the cause of Quebec nationalism, de Gaulle's speech was criticized as a breach of protocol.
"Fair Antigua, We Salute Thee" is the national anthem of Antigua and Barbuda.
 Written by Novelle Hamilton Richards and composed by Walter Garnet Picart Chambers, it was adopted as the anthem in 1967 while Antigua and Barbuda were still a British colony.
 It was adopted as the national anthem upon independence in 1981. "
God Save the Queen" is still the royal anthem.
The Discocks are a punk rock band formed in 1989 with Peter (Ohashi) and bass, Naka-chin on guitar and early D.S.B. drummer Hiroichi on drums.
 In 1994 the band released their first EP "Voice Of Youth" on their own New Age Records.
 The EP was re-released with a different cover on Helen Of Oi!
 Records.
 The band continued to play shows in Japan before in 1995 releasing The "Class Of '94" EP on Knock Out Records.
 This EP contained two covers of English Oi!
/Punk band The Ejected.
 They also released the split EP with Tom And Boot Boys on Knock Out Records which contained three songs from Tom And Boot Boys and two from the Discocks (one of which was a cover of Menace's "Last Year's Youth").
 New Age Records also released a compilation LP in 1995 called "Noise For The Boys" with the bands Raise A Flag, Taisho as well as five new songs from The Discocks.
 In 1997 the band went to North America with Tom And Boot Boys to record their first full length Long Live Oi!
 During their time they toured the east coast with The Unseen, The Casualties and Blanks 77.
 The Unseen members Mark and Paul also contributed to the choruses on Long Live Oi!
.
 After returning to Japan in late 1997 the band recorded a two track EP on Overthrow Records called "Bootboys Anthem".
 Soon saw the departure of longtime members Naka-Chin and Hiroishi, however they were quickly replaced with YAS and Ben from fellow Oi!
 band Blockbuster this lineup recorded the O.P.D.L. demo and appeared on the 7" compilation "Transition Period" alongside The Dick Spikie and Youth Anthem.
‘The Grand Old Duke of York’ (also sung as The Noble Duke of York) is an English children's nursery rhyme, often performed as an action song.
 The Duke of the title has been argued to be a number of the holders of that office, particularly Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany (1763–1827) and its lyrics have become proverbial for futile action.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 742.
Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock was the title of an unreleased 1972 autobiographical album by the British rock band The Who.
 In the liner notes for the Who's 1974 rarities collection "Odds & Sods", guitarist and lead songwriter Pete Townshend said, "I had an idea once for a new album about the history of The Who called "Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock".
 That idea later blossomed into "Quadrophenia"."
 The sessions for the album spanned from 19 May to 6 June at Olympic Studios in London.
 "Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock" was to be produced by The Who and Glyn Johns and scheduled for release in October 1972, but although the album was nearly completed (according to Townshend) the band felt as though it sounded too much like their 1971 LP "Who's Next".
 Townshend later stated that "Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock" was also going to be a TV special about The Who.
 Some of the songs recorded during the "Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock" sessions were originally written for another unreleased Who album, 1971's failed "Lifehouse".
Long Live Tonight is the second album from Crashcarburn, released in 2010.
 With the most popular songs in South Africa being "Twisted", "Long Live Tonight" and "Skin Versus Bone" on radio and South African charts.
 "Long Live Tonight" earned the band two SAMA nominations.
 This is the band's second album after first major album "This City Needs a Hero".
Most nation-states have anthems, defined as "a song, as of praise, devotion, or patriotism"; most anthems are either marches or hymns in style.
 A hymn can become a national anthem by a provision in the state's constitution, by a law enacted by its legislature, or simply by tradition.
 A royal anthem is a patriotic song similar to a national anthem, but it specifically praises or prays for a monarch or royal dynasty.
 Such anthems are usually performed at public appearances by the monarch or during other events of royal importance.
 Some states use the royal anthem as the national anthem, such as the anthem of Jordan.
