A margarita is a cocktail consisting of tequila, triple sec, and lime or lemon juice, often served with salt or sugar on the rim of the glass.
 The drink is served shaken with ice (on the rocks), blended with ice (frozen margarita), or without ice (straight up).
 Although it has become acceptable to serve a margarita in a wide variety of glass types, ranging from cocktail and wine glasses to pint glasses and even large schooners, the drink is traditionally served in the eponymous margarita glass, a stepped-diameter variant of a cocktail glass or champagne coupe.
Margarida is a Portuguese female given name, which is a variant of the name Margaret, and which means "daisy flower" in Portuguese.
 It should not be mistaken for the Mexican alcoholic drink Margarita or the Italian Margherita pizza.
 The given name may refer to:
A sistrum (plural: sistrums or Latin sistra; from the Greek σεῖστρον "seistron" of the same meaning; literally "that which is being shaken", from σείειν "seiein", "to shake") is a musical instrument of the percussion family, chiefly associated with ancient Iraq and Egypt.
 It consists of a handle and a U-shaped metal frame, made of brass or bronze and between 30 and 76 cm in width.
 When shaken the small rings or loops of thin metal on its movable crossbars produce a sound that can be from a soft clank to a loud jangling.
 Its name in the ancient Egyptian language was sekhem "(sḫm)" and sesheshet "(sššt)."
 Sekhem is the simpler, hoop-like sistrum, while sesheshet (an onomatopoeic word) is the naos-shaped one.
A Damn the Weather (or Damn-the-Weather) is a Prohibition Era cocktail made with Gin, sweet vermouth, orange juice, and a sweetener (either Triple Sec or Curaçao).
 It is served shaken and chilled, often with a slice of orange.
A Bees Knees (or Bee's Knees) is a Prohibition Era cocktail made with Gin, fresh lemon juice, and honey.
 It is served shaken and chilled, often with a lemon twist.
Princess Margarita of Leiningen (Full German name: "Margarita Ileana Viktoria Alexandra Prinzessin zu Leiningen") (born 9 May 1932 in Coburg, Bavaria, Germany; committed suicide on 16 June 1996 in Überlingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was a Princess of Leiningen by birth and the Princess of Hohenzollern by marriage.
 Margarita was the fourth child and second-eldest daughter of Karl, 6th Prince of Leiningen and his wife Grand Duchess Maria Kirillovna of Russia.
 Margarita was the Princess consort of Hohenzollern 6 February 1965 – 16 June 1996.
Gisa Geert, stage name Margarita Gross (7 June 1900, Vienna; †2 April 1991, Madrid), was an Austrian actress and choreographer, who was very active in Italy during the 1940s to 1960s.
A Mary Pickford is a Prohibition Era cocktail made with white rum, fresh pineapple juice, grenadine, and Maraschino liqueur.
 It is served shaken and chilled, often with a Maraschino cherry.
 Named for Canadian-American film actress Mary Pickford (1892–1979), it is said to have been created for her in the 1920s by either Eddie Woelke or Fred Kaufmann at the Hotel Nacional de Cuba on a trip she took to Havana with Charlie Chaplin and Douglas Fairbanks.
Batida is a Brazilian cocktail, and is one of several Brazilian cocktails that are made with the national alcoholic drink "cachaça".
 In Portuguese "batida" means "shaken" or "milkshake", and the word also means a crash, usually used when referring to a car crash.
 This beverage is made with cachaça, fruit juice (or coconut milk), and sugar.
 It is blended or shaken with ice.
 In Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo, batidas are traditionally served with the Brazilian national dish, feijoada.
Margarita María de Santa Teresita Vargas Gaviria (] ) better known by her stage name Margarita La Diosa de la Cumbia , is a Colombian singer.
