Panic 5 Bravo is an action-thriller film directed by Kuno Becker about American paramedics that become trapped on the Mexican side of the border and terrorized by a violent psychopath.
 It was released in the U.S. by Pantelion Films.
Vincent Patar (born 2 September 1965) is a Belgian film director and screenwriter.
 In 2009 he wrote and directed the animated film "A Town Called Panic" along with Stéphane Aubier.
 It premiered at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival and was the first stop-motion film to be screened at the festival.
 In 2013 he co-directed with Aubier and Benjamin Renner the film "Ernest & Celestine", which received widespread critical acclaim.
 The film received three Magritte Awards, including Best Film and Best Director for Patar and Aubier.
 It also received a nomination at the 86th Academy Awards, in the category of Best Animated Feature, to be held on 2 March 2014.
Jake Sinclair (born March 7, 1985) is an American record producer, audio engineer, mixing engineer, multi-instrumentalist, vocalist, and songwriter.
 His production, engineering, songwriting, and mixing credits include Weezer, Fall Out Boy, Panic!
 at the Disco, 5 Seconds of Summer, Pink, New Politics, Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness, Gin Wigmore, and Train.
 Sinclair co-wrote and produced Panic!
 at the Disco's "Death of a Bachelor" album (which debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200) and produced Weezer's 2016 "Weezer (White Album)".
 Both were nominated for Best Rock Album at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
 He co-wrote and produced "Uma Thurman" by Fall Out Boy, which debuted at number one on the U.S. iTunes Chart, reached number 22 on the Billboard Hot 100, and was certified 2X Platinum by the RIAA in December 2015.
 Sinclair received a Grammy nomination for Album of the Year for his work as engineer and bassist on Taylor Swift's "Everything Has Changed" alongside producer Butch Walker.
 He co-wrote and produced the debut single, "She Looks So Perfect" by 5 Seconds of Summer that peaked at number one in over five countries and won "Song of the Year" at the 2014 ARIA Awards.
 Sinclair is the former bassist of the indie/pop rock band The Films and the lead singer and producer of the indie pop duo Alohaha.
Paul Bravo (born June 19, 1968 in Campbell, California) is a former American soccer midfielder and forward who played six seasons in Major League Soccer, two in the American Professional Soccer League and two in the USISL.
 He also earned four caps, scoring one goal, with the United States men's national soccer team.
 After his retirement from playing, Bravo served for several years as an assistant coach in both Major League Soccer and the NCAA and was most recently Technical Director for the Colorado Rapids.
The Mins are a Georgian Alternative / New Progressive Rock band established in 2011 by Zviad Mgebrishvili.
 The band played its first live gig in 2011 on Altervision Newcomers.
 After that the band started to work hard on their repertoire.
 They mostly performs original songs and only rarely covers.
 The main songwriter in the band is Zviad Mgebrishili.
 Some songs are written by Shota Gvinepadze (keyboard) as well.
 The band has four music videos on the following songs: "Blind World", "O.W.L.", "My Lover is a Killer" and "I Don't Give a Foot".
 Zviad Mgebrishvili was participating in the TV show "Akhali Khma" ["The Voice of Georgia"] in 2013 very successfully (5 stages).
 The band has performed on many festivals and concerts.
 The band had their first big solo concert in Tbilisi Eventhall 26 May 2014, where they had presentation of their first EP, named "Blind World" (released same year, included 5 songs).
 The band has an honor to be warm up of "Faithless" (Tbilisi Summer Set 2014) and "Archive" (Tbilisi Open Air/Altervision 2015, where apart from Archive - Placebo, Beth Hart and Black Label Society were the headliners).
 Zaza Mgebrishvili has left the band in 2015 and new bass player and backing vocal of the band is Nika Abesadze who used to play with Zviad Mgebrishvili early years in the university rock band "Sunny Universe".
 The band is now recording their first album "First Minute" in the Bravo Records sound recording studio that will be released in the Winter of 2015.
Corina (born January 26, 1980) is a Romanian pop, dance, and R&B singer.
 She debuted in 2004 with her album "Noi Doi", produced by Marius Moga.
 The main single from the album entitled "Noi Doi" reached fourth place in the Romanian Top 100.
 The second album, named "Îmi place tot", was launched on January 1, 2005 and produced two great singles one that reached Top 10 and the other Top 5 in the Romanian Top 100.
 The third album "Face Off" represents a significant change in the artist's singing style having dancehall, reggae, R&B, drum'n bass, hip hop, house and electro influences, but still remaining a pop/dance album.
 This album produced two big singles "Quieres una aventura" and "Overdrive".
 The fourth album "Gimme Your Love" was launched in July 2008 and received good critics from the Bravo magazine.
 The album was produced and recorded in Germany in a Hamburg based studio, under the supervision of Toni Cottura.
Ann Lewis (アン・ルイス , An Ruisu , born 5 June 1956 in Takarazuka, Hyōgo, Japan) is a Japanese singer, popular in Japan in the 1970s and 80s.
 She was born to an American father and a Japanese mother.
 She has one brother and a son, Myuji, who is also a singer in Japan.
 She was married to Masahiro Kuwana, another Japanese singer, from 1980 to 1984.
 Her many hits include the popular song "Roppongi Shinju", "Good Bye My Love" and many others which have been covered by other Asian artists.
 She semi-retired from show-business in the 1990s, suffering from chronic panic attacks, and settled down in Los Angeles.
 She released a few self-covers albums in the 2000s.
 She has been active as a Creative Director, Consultant and Designer.
 Works include Interior designs, (private homes to business offices, restaurants and shops), releasing a line of original jewelry, Creating original Animation, Logos and other projects.
 She has also been involved as the President, COO and marketing consultant for several software companies in the USA.
Stéphane Aubier (born October 8, 1964) is a Belgian film director and screenwriter.
 In 2009, he wrote and directed the animated film "A Town Called Panic" along with Vincent Patar.
 It premiered at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival and was the first stop-motion film to be screened at the festival.
 In 2013, he co-directed with Patar and Benjamin Renner the film "Ernest & Celestine", which received widespread critical acclaim.
 The film received three Magritte Awards, including Best Film and Best Director for Aubier and Patar.
 It also received a nomination at the 86th Academy Awards, in the category of Best Animated Feature.
C.E. "Chris" Gatchalian (born June 5, 1974) is a Canadian playwright, born in Vancouver, British Columbia to Filipino parents, he holds an MFA in Creative Writing and Theatre from the University of British Columbia.
 His play "Motifs & Repetitions" aired on Bravo!
 (Canada) in 1997 and on the Knowledge in 1998.
 His other produced plays include "Claire", "Crossing", "Broken" and "People Like Vince", a play for young audiences about mental health.
 His latest play, "Falling in Time", had its world premiere in Vancouver in November 2011 and was published by Scirocco Drama in 2012.
 In 2013 he won the Dayne Ogilvie Prize, a prize presented by the Writers' Trust of Canada to an openly LGBT writer.
Rumen Petkov (Bulgarian: Румен Петков ) (born 26 January 1948) is a Bulgarian animator and comic creator.
 His influence spawned a new generation of young Bulgarian comic book artists as Vladimir Nedialkov, Koko Sarkisian, Ivan Kirjakov and others.
 He was one of the main artists of the comics magazine DUGA (Rainbow), which was the most popular comics for several generations of Bulgarian children.
 His most popular cartoon is "The Adventures of Choko the Stork and Boko the Frog" which was popular in Bulgaria during the 1970s and 1980s.
 Other famous animated films he directed are "Friends of Gosho the Elephant", "Treasure Planet", etc.
 He has won the Grand Prize at the Ottawa Animation Festival and the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival.
 Recently Rumen Petkov has worked as a writer, storyboard artist, animation director and director on some episodes of "Johnny Bravo", "Dexter's Laboratory", "Cow and Chicken", "I Am Weasel", "The New Woody Woodpecker Show" and other series.
 He has said about animation: "Animation will never die because it's like music, because it's like running with the wind, because it's funny."
