The Super Bowl XLIX halftime show took place on February 1, 2015, at the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona as part of Super Bowl XLIX.
 It featured American singer Katy Perry, with singers Lenny Kravitz and Missy Elliott as special guests.
 The halftime show was critically acclaimed and attracted 118.5 million viewers, the largest ratings in the history of the Super Bowl.
 It also won two Emmy Awards in September 2015.
In March 2005, the prior Viacom announced plans of looking into splitting the company into two publicly traded companies.
 The company was not only dealing with a stagnating stock price, but also the rivalry between Leslie Moonves and Tom Freston, longtime heads of MTV Networks.
 In addition, the company was facing issues after MTV was banned from producing any more Super Bowl halftime shows after the Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show controversy in 2004.
Lady Gaga: Queen of Pop is a biography of American singer Lady Gaga.
 It was written by Emily Herbert (pen name for Virginia Blackburn) and published in the United Kingdom by John Blake Publishing Ltd. The book was published by Overlook Press in the United States with the title Lady Gaga: Behind the Fame.
 Additional versions under the title "Lady Gaga: Queen of Pop" were published in 2010 by Wilkinson Publishing of Melbourne in Australia and by Gardners Books in the United Kingdom.
 The book discusses Gaga's early life when she was known as Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta from her birth in 1986, and chronicles her education at Convent of the Sacred Heart in New York, her early visits to nightclubs with her mother to perform at open-mic events, and her brief foray into the Tisch School of the Arts, leading up to her first experience of fame.
 Germanotta took the name "Lady Gaga" from the song "Radio Ga Ga" by the rock group Queen; she released her first album "The Fame" in 2008.
 "Lady Gaga: Queen of Pop" describes the musician's success in the industry, noting her business collaborations and appearance on the cover of "Rolling Stone" in 2009.
Super Bowl XXXVIII – which was broadcast live on February 1, 2004 from Houston, Texas on the CBS television network in the United States – was noted for a controversial halftime show in which Janet Jackson's breast, adorned with a nipple shield, was exposed by Justin Timberlake for about half a second, in what was later referred to as a "wardrobe malfunction".
 The incident, sometimes referred to as Nipplegate, was widely discussed.
 Along with the rest of the halftime show, it led to an immediate crackdown and widespread debate on perceived indecency in broadcasting.
 The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) fined CBS a record US$550,000 which was fought in the Supreme Court, but that fine was appealed and ultimately voided by the Third Circuit Court of Appeals in a 2011 ruling, and a case to reinstate the fine was refused in 2012.
The Super Bowl LI Halftime show took place on February 5, 2017, at NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas as part of Super Bowl LI.
 The show was headlined by Lady Gaga, who performed a medley of her songs, including newer material from her most recent studio album "Joanne".
Gaga: Five Foot Two is a 2017 documentary film about American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga.
 The film documents the events around the production and release of her fifth studio album, "Joanne", and her halftime performance at Super Bowl LI.
 The film, directed by visual artist and documentarian Chris Moukarbel, made its debut at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival before having a worldwide streaming release on Netflix on September 22, 2017.
The Super Bowl XLVIII halftime show occurred on February 2, 2014 at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey as part of Super Bowl XLVIII and was headlined by American singer Bruno Mars alongside his band The Hooligans with special guests The Red Hot Chili Peppers.
 The show was produced by Ricky Kirshner and directed by Hamish Hamilton.
 At the time of airing the halftime show attracted the largest audience in the history of the Super Bowl, attracting 115.3 million viewers.
 The show was later surpassed by the following year's Super Bowl XLIX halftime show in which American pop star Katy Perry was headliner.
 The performance generated 2.2 million tweets, due to clamoring for tickets to Mars' Moonshine Jungle Tour.
The Super Bowl XLVII halftime show occurred on February 3, 2013 at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans as part of Super Bowl XLVII and featured American entertainer Beyoncé with special guests Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams from Destiny's Child.
 The show was produced by Ricky Kirshner and directed by Hamish Hamilton.
 It received acclaim from music critics who commented that Beyoncé once more proved her abilities during live performances.
 It became the then second most watched show in Super Bowl history by garnering 110.8 million viewers.
 The performance, and the stadium blackout that followed, generated more than 299,000 tweets per minute, making it the then second most tweeted moment in the history of Twitter.
 This would be the first Pepsi sponsored halftime show since Prince's performance in Super Bowl XLI.
Halftime shows are a tradition during American football games at all levels of competition.
 Entertainment during the Super Bowl, the annual championship game of the National Football League (NFL), represents a fundamental link to pop culture, which helps broaden the television audience and nationwide interest.
 As the Super Bowl itself is typically the most-watched event on television in the United States annually, the halftime show has been equally-viewed in recent years: the halftime show of Super Bowl XLIX featuring Katy Perry was viewed by 118.5 million, as part of an overall telecast that peaked at 120.3 million at its conclusion—the most-watched television broadcast in U.S. history.
 The NFL claims that the Super Bowl LI halftime show, with Lady Gaga was the "most-watched musical event of all-time", citing a figure of 150 million viewers based on the television audience, as well as unique viewership of video postings of the halftime show on the league's platforms, and social media interactions.
 However, the show was only seen by 117.5 million television viewers, making it the second-highest-rated halftime show behind Super Bowl XLIX.
The Super Bowl 50 Halftime Show took place on February 7, 2016, at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California as part of Super Bowl 50.
 It was headlined by the British rock group Coldplay with special guest performers Beyoncé and Bruno Mars, who previously had headlined the Super Bowl XLVII and Super Bowl XLVIII halftime shows, respectively.
