The Itchy & Scratchy Show (often shortened as Itchy & Scratchy) is a running gag and fictional animated television series featured in the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It usually appears as a part of "The Krusty the Clown Show", watched regularly by Bart Simpson and Lisa Simpson.
 Itself an animated cartoon, "The Itchy & Scratchy Show" depicts a sadistic anthropomorphic blue mouse, Itchy (voiced by Dan Castellaneta), who repeatedly maims and kills an anthropomorphic, hapless threadbare black cat, Scratchy (voiced by Harry Shearer).
 The cartoon first appeared in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "The Bart Simpson Show", which originally aired November 20, 1988.
 The cartoon's first appearance in "The Simpsons" was in the 1990 episode "There's No Disgrace Like Home".
 Typically presented as 15-to-60-second-long cartoons, the show is filled with gratuitous violence.
 "The Simpsons" also occasionally features characters who are involved with the production of "The Itchy & Scratchy Show", including Roger Meyers Jr. (voiced by Alex Rocco, and, later, Hank Azaria), who runs the studio and produces the show.
The following is a list of comic book series based on the animated TV show The Simpsons and published by Bongo Comics in the United States.
 The first comic strips based on "The Simpsons" appeared in 1991 in the magazine "Simpsons Illustrated" (not to be confused with the comic publications from 2012 bearing the same name), which was a companion magazine to the show.
 The comic strips were popular and a one-shot comic book entitled "Simpsons Comics and Stories", containing three different stories, was released in 1993 for the fans.
 The book was a success and due to this, the creator of "The Simpsons", Matt Groening, and his companions Bill Morrison, Mike Rote, Steve Vance and Cindy Vance created the publishing company Bongo Comics.
 By the end of 1993, Bongo was publishing four titles: "Simpsons Comics", "Bartman", "Radioactive Man" and "Itchy & Scratchy Comics".
 Since then, many more titles have been published, out of which "Simpsons Comics", "Bart Simpson", "Bart Simpson's Treehouse of Horror", "Simpsons Super Spectacular", Simpsons Summer Shindig, and "Simpsons Winter Wingding".
Abraham Jedediah Simpson II, often known as Grampa, is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He made his first appearance in the episode entitled "Grampa and the Kids", a Simpsons short on "The Tracey Ullman Show".
 Voiced by Dan Castellaneta, he is the father of Homer Simpson and the grandfather of Bart, Lisa and Maggie Simpson.
 In the 1000th issue of "Entertainment Weekly", Grampa was selected as the Grandpa for "The Perfect TV Family".
"The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show" is the fourteenth episode in the eighth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 9, 1997.
 In the episode, "The Itchy & Scratchy Show" attempts to regain viewers by introducing a new character named Poochie, whose voice is provided by Homer.
 The episode is largely self-referential and satirizes the world of television production, fans of "The Simpsons", and the series itself.
 It was written by David X. Cohen and directed by Steven Dean Moore.
 Alex Rocco is a credited guest voice as Roger Meyers, Jr. for the third and final time (having previously provided the character's voice in "Itchy & Scratchy & Marge" and "The Day the Violence Died"); Phil Hartman also guest stars as Troy McClure.
 Poochie would become a minor recurring character and Comic Book Guy's catchphrase, "Worst episode ever", is introduced in this episode.
 With "The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show", the show's 167th episode, "The Simpsons" surpassed "The Flintstones" in the number of episodes produced for a prime-time animated series.
"Mona Leaves-a" is the nineteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> nineteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 11, 2008.
 The episode features the death of Homer's mother, Mona Simpson.
 Homer is reunited with his mother, Mona, but is not willing to forgive her for all the times she left him as a child.
 When she dies, a guilt-ridden Homer attempts to make it up to her by fulfilling her final wishes.
 It was written by Joel H. Cohen and directed by Mike B. Anderson and Ralph Sosa.
 Glenn Close makes her third appearance as Mona Simpson, and Lance Armstrong has a cameo as himself.
"My Mother the Carjacker" is the second episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fifteenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 9, 2003.
 Homer receives a cryptic message in the newspaper informing him to come to a certain place at midnight, and soon discovers that the person who wrote the message is his mother, Mona Simpson.
 It was written by Michael Price and directed by Nancy Kruse.
 Glenn Close makes her second of six guest spots as Homer's mother.
 It has a direct link from the season seven episode, "Mother Simpson".
 It was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award in 2004.
 In its original run, the episode received 12.4 million viewers.
"The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase" is the twenty-fourth episode of the eighth season of "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 11, 1997.
 The episode centers on fictional pilot episodes of non-existent television series derived from "The Simpsons", and is a parody of the tendency of networks to spin off characters from a hit series.
 As such it includes references to many different TV series.
 The first fictional spin-off is "Chief Wiggum P.I.", a cop-drama featuring Chief Wiggum and Seymour Skinner.
 The second is "The Love-matic Grampa", a sitcom featuring Moe Szyslak who receives dating advice from Abraham Simpson, whose ghost is possessing a love testing machine.
 The final segment is "The Simpson Family Smile-Time Variety Hour", a variety show featuring the Simpson family except for Lisa, who has been replaced.
Mona Penelope Simpson (née Olsen) is a recurring fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 She has been voiced by several actresses, including Maggie Roswell, Tress MacNeille, Pamela Hayden, and most prominently, Glenn Close.
 Glenn Close's performances as Mona have been well received by critics and she was named one of the top 25 guest stars on the show by IGN.
Richard James Appel (born May 21, 1963) is an American writer, producer and former attorney.
 Since 2012, he has served as an Executive Producer and co-showrunner of "Family Guy" on Fox.
 Growing up in Wilmette, Illinois, Appel developed a love of comedy and dreamed of a career as a comedy writer; he attended Harvard University and wrote for the "Harvard Lampoon".
 Following in his mother's footsteps, Appel instead became a lawyer.
 After attending law school he started out as a law clerk for Judge John M. Walker, Jr. before becoming a federal attorney, serving as assistant U.S. attorney for the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for three years.
 In 1994, he moved into comedy writing when he was hired for "The Simpsons", writing seven episodes of the show including "Mother Simpson".
 He moved on to become showrunner and executive producer of "King of the Hill" before creating the sitcom "A.U.S.A.".
 He then worked on "The Bernie Mac Show", "Family Guy" and "American Dad!
" before co-creating "The Cleveland Show".
 He was married to the writer Mona Simpson.
"Good Night" (also known as "Good Night Simpsons") is the first of forty-eight Simpsons shorts that appeared on the variety show "The Tracey Ullman Show".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 19, 1987, during the third episode of "The Tracey Ullman Show" and marks the first appearance of the Simpson family — Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie — on television.
 After three seasons on Tracey Ullman, the shorts would be adapted into the animated show "The Simpsons".
 "Good Night" has since been aired on the show in the episode "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" (in its entirety), along with several other Ullman shorts, and is one of the few shorts to ever be released on DVD, being included in the Season 1 DVD set.
