Jorge Nicolás Pandiani Quaglia (born 10 April 1994), known as Nicolás or Nico Pandiani, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Canadian Soccer Club of the Uruguayan Segunda División.
 He plays either at right back or as a central defender.
Benjamin David "Ben" Gill (born 4 October 1987) is an English footballer.
 He plays either as a central midfielder or central defender.
Luke Anthony Hubbins (born 11 September 1991 ) is an English footballer.
 He began his career with Birmingham City, but made his professional debut in August 2010 in the Football League Cup while on loan to Notts County, and also spent a brief spell on loan to Conference National club Tamworth.
 He never played for Birmingham's first team, and was released at the end of the 2011–12 season, when he signed for AFC Telford United of the Conference.
 He plays either as a winger or at right back.
 On 2 May 2013 he left A.F.C. Telford United.
Luke Stephen Clark (born 24 May 1994) is an English footballer who is plays for Curzon Ashton.
 He can play either as a right back or as a central midfielder.
Atiqur Rahman Meshu (Bengali: আতিকুর রহমান মিশু ; born 26 August 1988 ) is a Bangladeshi footballer who plays as a defender for Brothers Union and the Bangladesh national football team.
 He plays either a centre back or right back.
 In 2010 AFC Challenge Cup, his stunning diving header saw the Tajiks face their first ever defeat in history against Bangladesh.
Martin Linnes (born 20 September 1991) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Turkish club Galatasaray.
 As a versatile player, he also played as a left back, central midfielder, right midfielder and right winger.
Ibrahim Tall (born 23 June 1981 in Aubervilliers, Paris) is a Senegalese international footballer who plays for FC Stade Nyonnais.
 He is a versatile defender capable of playing either right back or centre back.
Michalis Bakakis (Greek: Μιχάλης Μπακάκης ; born 18 March 1991) is a professional footballer, currently playing for AEK Athens.
 Bakakis can play either right back or as a right midfielder.
Bjørn Helge Semundseth Riise (born 21 June 1983 in Ålesund) is a Norwegian professional footballer.
 He currently plays for Aalesund.
 Riise plays either a central midfielder or a right winger, and has earned 35 international caps for Norway.
 He played for Fulham of the Premier League from July 2009 to August 2012.
 He is the younger brother of former Liverpool and Fulham player John Arne Riise, also a Norwegian international.
Leigh Michael Broxham (born 13 January 1988) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Melbourne Victory in the A-League.
 A natural defensive midfielder, Broxham can also play as an attacking midfielder, central midfielder, centre back, left back or right back.
