Borbo fallax, the false swift, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found in tropical Africa.
 In South Africa it is found in Swaziland, coastal KwaZulu-Natal, northern Gauteng and the Limpopo Province and the extreme north-east of the North West Province.
 The habitat consists of coastal bush and moist savanna.
Sarangesa phidyle, the orange flat or small elfin, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found from Botswana, south-west Africa, Saudi Arabia, Sudan.
 In South Africa it is found from the eastern Cape to Swaziland, KwaZulu-Natal, Mpumalanga and the Limpopo Province, the North West Province and Gauteng.
Platylesches moritili, the honey hopper or common hopper , is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found in Africa.
 In South Africa, it is found from KwaZulu-Natal, north along the coast and hinterland to Maputaland and from Mpumalanga to northern Gauteng and from the central Limpopo Province to Pafuri.
 The habitat consists of savanna and riverine forest.
Borbo ferruginea, the ferruginous swift, ferrous swift or ferrous skipper, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found in southern and south-eastern Africa, in South Africa and from Mozambique to Kenya.
 In South Africa it is restricted to the lowland forests of KwaZulu-Natal.
 The habitat consists of coastal forests.
Parnara monasi, the water watchman or water skipper, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found in Sub-Saharan Africa, including Senegal, the Gambia, Guinea, Burkina Faso, Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zambia, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Botswana, South Africa (Limpopo Province, Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal) and Swaziland.
 The habitat consists of marshes, grassy river-banks and riverine forests in savanna settings.
Spialia dromus, the forest sandman, dromus grizzled skipper or large grizzled skipper, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found in tropical Africa.
 In South Africa it is found along the eastern Cape coast to KwaZulu-Natal into Swaziland.
 It is also present in Mpumalanga and the Limpopo Province into northern Gauteng and the extreme north-west of the North West Province.
Borbo holtzii, the variable swift, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found in Africa, including south-eastern Senegal, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria, Gabon, the Republic of the Congo, Angola, Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, South Africa (the Limpopo Province, Mpumalanga and KwaZulu-Natal) and Swaziland.
 The habitat consists of frost-free savanna.
Borbo micans, the marsh swift, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found in tropical Africa.
 In South Africa it is restricted to the riverine and lowland forests of KwaZulu-Natal and swamp areas close to Manguzi Forest, the Pongola River and Kosi Bay in Maputaland.
 The habitat consists of swamps and marshes in open country or near streams and lakes in rainforests.
Borbo detecta, the rusty swift, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found from South Africa to eastern Africa and Zaire.
 In South Africa it is found in Swaziland and lowland riverine forests and savannah in KwaZulu-Natal to south-eastern Mpumalanga.
 The habitat consists of moist woodland.
Spialia spio, the mountain sandman or Spio grizzled skipper, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
 It is found in tropical Africa and south-western Arabia.
 In South Africa it is found all over the eastern side of the country.
