Lucy Alexis Liu (born Lucy Liu; December 2, 1968) is an American actress, voice actress, director, producer, singer and artist.
 She became known for playing the role of the vicious and ill-mannered Ling Woo in the television series "Ally McBeal" (1998–2002), for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series.
 Liu's film work includes starring as one of the heroines (Alex Munday) in "Charlie's Angels" (2000), portraying O-Ren Ishii in "Kill Bill" (2003), and starring roles in the main casts of "Payback" (as Pearl; 1999), "Chicago" (as Kitty Baxter; 2002), and the animated film series "Kung Fu Panda" (2008–present) portraying the character Master Viper.
Date and Switch is a 2014 American comedy film directed by Chris Nelson and written by Alan Yang.
 The film was released in theaters and on video on demand on February 14, 2014, and stars Nicholas Braun, Hunter Cope, Dakota Johnson, and Zach Cregger.
 It was originally titled "Gay Dude".
Nina Dobrev ( ; born Nikolina Konstantinova Dobreva; Bulgarian: Николина Константинова Добрева ; January 9, 1989) is a Bulgarian-Canadian actress.
 She is known for portraying the role of Mia Jones in the drama series "" and then Elena Gilbert on The CW's supernatural drama series "The Vampire Diaries".
Nerdland is a 2016 American adult animated comedy film directed by Chris Prynoski and written by Andrew Kevin Walker.
 The film stars Paul Rudd, Patton Oswalt, Hannibal Buress, Kate Micucci, Riki Lindhome, John Ennis and Mike Judge.
 The film received a one night only special screening on December 6, 2016, before being released on video on demand on January 6, 2017, by Samuel Goldwyn Films.
The Babymakers is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Jay Chandrasekhar, and starring Paul Schneider, Olivia Munn and Kevin Heffernan.
 Chandrasekhar and Heffernan are both members of Broken Lizard.
 The film received a limited release on August 3, 2012 in theaters and on video on demand services.
 It received a DVD and Blu-ray release September 18, 2012.
Rani Mukerji is an Indian actress known for her work in Bollywood films.
 She made her screen debut with a supporting role in "Biyer Phool" (1996), a Bengali film directed by her father Ram Mukherjee.
 Her first leading role was that of a rape victim in the 1997 social drama "Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat", for which she won a special jury trophy at the Screen Awards ceremony.
 In 1998 she received wider recognition for her role alongside Aamir Khan in the action film "Ghulam".
 Later that year, her breakthrough role as the romantic interest of Shah Rukh Khan's character in the romantic drama "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" earned Mukerji her first Filmfare Award in the Best Supporting Actress category.
 She followed this initial success by portraying the leading lady in several films, including the comedy film "Hello Brother" (1999) and the drama "" (2001), none of which helped propel her career forward.
Freak Dance is an American comedy film written and directed by Matt Besser of the Upright Citizens Brigade and co-directed by Neil Mahoney.
 It premiered at the Austin Film Festival on October 21, 2011.
 The film had a limited theatrical release in May 2012 and made available on video on demand services.
 The film was released on DVD on July 10, 2012.
 The film is based on a stage show created by Besser, which originally ran at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in Los Angeles for several years.
The Right Way is a 2004 Canadian film directed by Mark Penney.
 It tells the story of Amy and David two young people from suburbia, whose lives are going nowhere, when they meet their relationship alters their lives forever and sends them surreal and existential crisis.
 "The Right Way" was an Official Selection of the 2004 Venice Film Festival and had a limited theatrical release in the United States in December 2005, it was released to video on demand services in 2010.
Ultra Warrior, also known as Welcome to Oblivion, is a post-apocalyptic 1990 film directed by Augusto Tamayo San Román and Kevin Tent.
 Set in a futuristic dystopia, a nuclear holocaust creates mutants who inhabit the radioactive areas.
 One man emerges as the leader of a group of survivors called "Muties".
 The main character, portrayed by Dack Rambo, is looking for zirconium which is used to make bombs to prevent aliens from destroying Earth.
Crash Pad is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Kevin Tent, from a screenplay by Jeremy Catalino.
 It stars Domhnall Gleeson, Christina Applegate, Thomas Haden Church, and Nina Dobrev.
 It will be released on video on demand services on September 25, 2017 and will then be released by Vertical Entertainment in select theaters on October 27, 2017.
 A hopeless romantic who thinks he's found true love with an older woman, only to learn that she's married and that his fling is merely an instrument of revenge against her neglectful husband.
