The Big Broadcast of 1937 is a 1936 Paramount Pictures production directed by Mitchell Leisen, and is the third in the series of Big Broadcast movies.
 The musical comedy stars Jack Benny, George Burns, Gracie Allen, Bob Burns, Martha Raye, Shirley Ross, Ray Milland, Benny Fields, Frank Forest and the orchestra of Benny Goodman (featuring Gene Krupa).
 Uncredited roles include Jack Mulhall.
 The version shown in British cinemas also included clips featuring Richard Tauber and the Vienna Boys Choir, not in the original American version.
Austin Lee Russell (born September 8, 1982), better known by his stage name of Chumlee, is an American actor, businessman and reality television personality, known as a cast member on the History Channel television show "Pawn Stars", which depicts the daily business at the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas where Russell works as an employee.
 Chumlee came to work at the pawn shop five years before filming of the first season, having been a childhood friend of Corey Harrison, whose father, Rick Harrison, and grandfather, Richard Benjamin Harrison, opened the shop in 1989.
Pawnography is an American game show broadcast by History.
 Hosted by comedian Christopher Titus and featuring "Pawn Stars" personalities Rick Harrison, Corey Harrison and Austin "Chumlee" Russell as panelists, the series features contestants answering questions for a chance to win cash and items for sale from the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop (where "Pawn Stars" is taped).
 The show premiered July 10, 2014, at 10 p.m. ET, following "Pawn Stars".
Pawn Stars is an American reality television series, shown on History, and produced by Leftfield Pictures.
 The series is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the daily activities at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, a 24-hour family business opened in 1989 and operated by patriarch Richard "Old Man" Harrison, his son Rick Harrison, Rick's son Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, and Corey's childhood friend, Austin "Chumlee" Russell.
 The series, which became the network's highest rated show and the No. 2 reality show behind "Jersey Shore", debuted on July 26, 2009.
Lovespell is a 1981 fantasy romantic tragedy film featuring Richard Burton as King Mark of Cornwall.
 It was directed by Tom Donovan.
 Originally filmed in 1979, this film got released for limited screenings in theaters in 1981.
 It is based on the classic saga of "Tristan and Isolde", which was also the basis for the 2006 film "Tristan and Isolde".
"Pawn Stars" is an American reality television series that premiered on History on July 19, 2009.
 The series is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the activities at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, a 24-hour family business operated by patriarch Richard "Old Man" Harrison, his son Rick Harrison, Rick's son Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, and Corey's childhood friend, Austin "Chumlee" Russell.
Richard Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison (born April 27, 1983) is an American businessman and reality television personality, known as a cast member of the History TV series "Pawn Stars", which documents his work at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas, which he co-owns with his father, Rick Harrison, and grandfather, Richard Benjamin Harrison.
Front End Loader are an Australian rock band which formed in December 1991 with founding mainstays, Bowden Campbell on guitar and vocals; Davis Claymore on lead vocals and guitar; Richard Corey on bass guitar; and Peter Kostic on drums.
 Front End Loader have issued five studio albums, "Front End Loader" (June 1993), "Let's Ride!"
 (March 1995), "Last of the V8 Interceptors" (August 1997), "How Can We Fail When We're So Sincere?"
 (March 2002) and "Ritardando" (6 May 2011).
 At the ARIA Music Awards of 2011 Front End Loader won an award for "Ritardando" as Best Hard Rock/Heavy Metal Album.
 Kostic has also drummed for fellow Australian groups Regurgitator (1999–present) and The Hard-Ons (2002–2011).
Richard Petty's Talladega (later reissued simply as Talladega) is an arcade-style racing computer game featuring Richard Petty and Talladega Superspeedway that was released in 1985 to the North American and European markets.
La Chèvre (English title: Knock on Wood, literal translation: "The Goat") is a 1981 French comedy film directed by Francis Veber, starring Pierre Richard and Gérard Depardieu.
 It is the first of three films featuring Richard and Depardieu as a comic duo.
