The Wesleyan Methodist Church was the name used by the majority Methodist movement in Great Britain following its split from the Church of England after the death of John Wesley and the appearance of parallel Methodist movements.
 The word "Wesleyan" was added to the title to differentiate it from the Welsh Calvinistic Methodists, founded by George Whitefield who, like Wesley and his brother Charles, had been a member of the Holy Club in Oxford to which the (originally derogatory) epithet "Methodist" was first applied, and from the Primitive Methodist movement, which separated from the Wesleyans in 1807.
 The Wesleyan Methodist Church followed the Wesleys in holding to an Arminian theology, as against Whitefield's Calvinism; its Conference was also the legal successor to John Wesley as holder of the property of the original Methodist Societies.
Three Piece Reclining Figure: Draped 1975 is a bronze sculpture by Henry Moore, catalogued as LH 655.
 It is approximately 4.7m long.
 Seven casts and an artists proof were made.
 Three publicly exhibited casts are situated in the Sodra Kungsgatan in Gävle, Sweden at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston, USA, and at the Henry Moore Foundation in Perry Green, Hertfordshire.
Sheep Piece is a sculpture by Henry Moore made in three sizes from 1969-1972, starting in 1969 with a 14 cm maquette (LH 625) modelled in plaster and then cast in bronze, enlarged in 1971 to a 142 cm working model (LH 626) in plaster and then cast in bronze, and finally a full size bronze (LH 627) on a monumental scale, 570 cm high, cast in 1971-72.
 The four full-size casts are at the Henry Moore Foundation in Perry Green, Hertfordshire, in Zürich, in Kansas City, and at the Donald M. Kendall Sculpture Gardens in Purchase, New York.
Wesley's Chapel is a Methodist church in London that was built under the direction of John Wesley, the founder of the Methodist movement.
 It is now a place of worship and visitor attraction, incorporating the Museum of Methodism in its crypt and John Wesley's House next to the chapel.
John Wesley, also known as Wes Dearth (born John Wesley Dearth, III in June 1962) is an American singer, songwriter and guitar player.
 John Wesley's professional music career began in the early 1980s in the Tampa, Florida area where he founded 1991 Southwestern Music Conference's showcase act Autodrive along with drummer/producer Mark Prator.
 The following year, Wesley embarked on a solo career and became the opening act for British rockers Marillion on seven consecutive tour legs around the world, especially North and South America, the UK and Europe.
The Manchester and Salford Wesleyan Methodist Mission was set up in 1886 in Greater Manchester, North West England.
 The Central Hall building on Oldham Street became the head office for the mission.
 Before Central Hall was built, there was a previous chapel (called the Oldham Street Chapel), which was opened by John Wesley in 1781.
 John Wesley and his brother Charles Wesley were the founders of Methodism in England in 1729; the Manchester and Salford Wesleyan mission was named after them, as were many other missions (and missionaries).
 There were “numerous and flourishing voluntary societies to combat vice, and religious societies to enlighten the faithful”; the society set up by the Wesley brothers in Oxford in 1729 was “to prove that the decline of the religious spirit had been exaggerated”.
 When the chapel in Oldham Street was demolished, it was replaced by the Methodist Central Hall (which housed the Manchester and Salford Wesleyan Mission).
Man Enters the Cosmos is a cast bronze sculpture by Henry Moore located on the Lake Michigan lakefront outside the Adler Planetarium in the Museum Campus area of downtown Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
 The planetarium, which is both a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in the Near South Side community area of Chicago.
 Moore's sculpture is a functional bowstring equatorial sundial created in 1980 measuring approximately 13 ft .
 The sundial was formerly located slightly further south at the steps of the main entry plaza to the Planetarium, but it now sits directly on the lakefront.
 The work is a later copy of a composition first created in the 1960s for the offices of "The Times" newspaper at Printing House Square in London, and according to the Henry Moore Foundation is titled Sundial 1965–66.
John Wesley Work Jr. (August 6, 1871 - September 7, 1925) was the first African-American collector of folk songs and spirituals, and also a choral director, educationalist and songwriter.
 He is now sometimes known as John Wesley Work II, to distinguish him from his son, John Wesley Work III.
Randy L. Maddox (born 1953) is an American theologian and ordained minister in the United Methodist Church.
 He currently serves as the William Kellon Quick Professor of Wesleyan and Methodist Studies at Duke University.
 Maddox also serves as the Associate General Editor of the Wesley Works Project, a major scholarly project responsible for producing the first comprehensive and critical edition of the works of John Wesley.
 He is considered one of the leading authorities on both the theology of John Wesley (1703-1791) and the theological developments of later Methodism.
The Henry Moore Foundation is a registered charity in England, established for education and promotion of the fine arts — in particular, to advance understanding of the works of Henry Moore.
 The charity was set up with a gift from the artist in 1977.
 The Foundation supports a wide range of projects, including student bursaries, fellowships for artists and financial grants to various arts institutions.
 It operates from Perry Green in Hertfordshire and at the Henry Moore Institute in Leeds, England.
