Chun Woo-hee (born April 20, 1987) is a South Korean actress.
 She made her acting debut in 2004, but first drew attention with her supporting role as a rebellious teenager in the 2011 box-office hit "Sunny".
 In 2014, Chun received domestic and international critical acclaim for her first leading role as the title character in "Han Gong-ju", a coming-of-age indie about a traumatized young woman trying to move on with her life after a tragedy.
 Her other notable films include "The Beauty Inside" (2015), "Love, Lies" (2016) and "The Wailing" (2016).
The Wailing () is a 2016 South Korean horror film directed by Na Hong-jin about a policeman who investigates a series of mysterious killings and illnesses.
 It was a commercial success.
Thirst (Korean: 박쥐; Bakjwi ; literally: "Bat") is a 2009 South Korean horror film written, produced and directed by Park Chan-wook.
 It is loosely based on the novel "Thérèse Raquin" by Émile Zola.
 The film tells the story of a Catholic priest—who is in love with his friend’s wife—turning into a vampire through a failed medical experiment.
 Park has stated, "This film was originally called 'The Bat' to convey a sense of horror.
 After all, it is about vampires.
 But it is also more than that.
 It is about passion and a love triangle.
 I feel that it is unique because it is not just a thriller, and not merely a horror film, but an illicit love story as well."
 The film won the Jury Prize at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 It is the first mainstream Korean film to feature full-frontal male nudity.
Whispering Corridors (; also known as Ghost School and Ghost School Horror) is a South Korean horror film series.
 The series uses an all-girls high school as the backdrop for each of its films and doesn't share a continuing plot.
 Every "Whispering Corridors" film features a different plot, characters and settings.
 The series is notable for helping generate the explosion of the New Korean Wave cinematic movement, and dealing with taboo topics such as authoritarianism in the harsh South Korean education system, gay relationships and teen suicide, following the liberalization of censorship.
Dead Friend (; lit.
 "The Ghost") is a 2004 South Korean horror film.
 It is one of a number of South Korean horror films set in high school; the trend began with 1998's "Whispering Corridors".
One Day () is a 2017 South Korean drama film directed by Lee Yoon-ki and starring Kim Nam-gil and Chun Woo-hee.
 The film was released on April 5, 2017.
Into the Mirror () is a 2003 South Korean horror film about a series of grisly deaths in a department store, all involving mirrors, and the troubled detective who investigates them.
 It was the debut film of director Kim Sung-ho.
Argon () is a 2017 South Korean television series starring Kim Joo-hyuk and Chun Woo-hee about passionate reporters.
 The series marks Chun Woo-hee's first small screen lead role.
 It aired on cable channel tvN every Monday and Tuesday at 22:50 (KST) from September 4 to September 26, 2017.
Han Gong-ju () is a 2013 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Su-jin, starring Chun Woo-hee in the title role.
 It was inspired by the infamous Miryang gang rape case of 2004.
Love, Lies () is 2016 South Korean period drama film directed by Park Heung-sik, reuniting "The Beauty Inside" co-stars Han Hyo-joo, Chun Woo-hee and Yoo Yeon-seok.
 The story takes place in 1943, during the Imperial Japanese occupation of Korea.
 In the film, best friends Jung So-yul (Han Hyo-joo) and Seo Yeon-hee (Chun Woo-hee) are two of the last remaining "gisaeng".
 Although they enjoy pop music, they are committed to singing "jeongga", or classical Korean songs.
 So-yul's life falls apart when her lover, pop music producer Kim Yoon-woo (Yoo Yeon-seok), falls in love with Yeon-hee and helps her debut as a pop singer.
 The story follows So-yul's downward spiral as she is consumed by uncontrollable jealousy.
