Opus was an American magazine that featured critical reviews of classical music recordings.
 Based in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the magazine ran bimonthly from November/December 1984 to March/April 1988, publishing 21 issues.
 James R. Oestreich was its editor-in-chief.
 Historical Times, Inc., of Harrisburg was its owner.
 Warren Bertram Syer (1923–2007), who had published High Fidelity for 30 years, was then the president of Historical Times.
The Modern Boy (later Modern Boy) was a British boys' magazine published between 1928 and 1939 by the Amalgamated Press.
 It ran to some 610 issues.
 It was first launched on 11 February 1928 and always cost just 2d (two old pence, when there were 240 pence to the pound: see pound sterling), the magazine ran to 523 weekly issues until 12 February 1938.
 The next week, on 19 February 1938 it was re-launched in a new size as Modern Boy (dropping the word "The") and its issues were re-numbered from number one again.
 It then ran until issue 87 published on 14 October 1939, before production ceased due to wartime paper shortages.
Robert Swirsky (born December, 1962, Brooklyn, NY) is a computer scientist, author, and pianist.
 In the early 1980s, Swirsky was one of the first regular contributors to the nascent computer magazine industry.
 His articles appeared in magazines ranging from Popular Computing, Kilobaud Microcomputing, and Interface Age to Creative Computing.
Kilobaud Microcomputing was a magazine dedicated to the computer homebrew hobbyists from 1977 to 1983.
ROCKRGRL was the first national publication for female musicians in the United States.
 Created by Carla DeSantis, the magazine purely focused on women in music and highlighted the artistic diversity of women musicians, often overlooked in mainstream culture.
 The magazine ran for eleven years, and the strength of its message inspired two pioneering "ROCKRGRL" conferences that showcased, celebrated, and addressed the state of the music industry for female artists.
Others: A Magazine of the New Verse was founded by Alfred Kreymborg in July 1915 with financing from Walter Conrad Arensberg.
 The magazine ran until July, 1919.
 It was based in New York City and published poetry and other writing, as well as visual art.
 While the magazine never had more than 300 subscribers, it helped launch the careers of several important American modernist poets.
 Contributors included: William Carlos Williams, Wallace Stevens, Marianne Moore, Mina Loy, Ezra Pound, Conrad Aiken, Carl Sandburg, T. S. Eliot, Amy Lowell, H.D., Djuna Barnes, Man Ray, Skipwith Cannell, Lola Ridge, Marcel Duchamp, and Fenton Johnson (poet) (the only African American published in the magazine).
The Colored American Magazine was the first American monthly publication that covered African-American culture.
 The magazine ran from May 1900 to November 1909.
 It was initially published out of Boston by the Colored Co-Operative Publishing Company, and from 1904, forward, by Moore Publishing and Printing Company of New York.
 Pauline Hopkins, its most prolific writer from the beginning, sat on the board as a shareholder, was editor from 1902 to 1904, though her name was not on the masthead until 1903.
 Hopkins was a journalist, playwright, historian, and literary.
 In 1904, Booker T. Washington, in a hostile takeover, purchased the magazine and replaced Hopkins with Fred Randolph Moore (1857–1943) as editor.
Web Comic EDEN (ウェブコミックエデン , Uebu Komikku Eden ) is a free manga and light novel web magazine published by Mag Garden and distributed by Yahoo! Comics Japan.
 It was launched on September 18, 2009.
 The magazine ran under the previous name "EDEN & Blade Comic Archive" (EDEN＆ブレイドコミックアーカイブ , EDEN & Bureido Komikku Aakaibu ) before it was changed on October 10, 2010.
 "EDEN" (short for Everybody Delightful Entertainment Network) distributes original manga and light novel content, while "Blade Comic Archive" redistributes selected works published from "Monthly Comic Blade" to be viewed online for a limited time.
 The development of the web magazine also led Mag Garden to collaborate on a joint project with Toei Animation.
o•blék: a journal of language arts (pronounced exactly like the word "oblique") was a small literary magazine founded by Peter Gizzi who co-edited it with Connell McGrath.
 The magazine published a number of poems often not in the mainstream but recognized for their excellence (by, for instance, being selected for The Best American Poetry series).
 The magazine ran from 1987 to 1993.
Secret Agent X was the title of a U.S. pulp magazine published by A. A. Wyn's Ace Magazines, and the name of the main character featured in the magazine.
 The magazine ran for 41 issues between February 1934 and March 1939.
