The Alexander Dawson School at Rainbow Mountain is an independent, day school in Summerlin, Nevada.
 The Alexander Dawson School at Rainbow Mountain provides private, co-educational, secular education to over 520 students from preschool through eighth grade.
Bermuda Hundred was the first incorporated town in the English colony of Virginia.
 It was founded by Sir Thomas Dale in 1613, six years after Jamestown.
 At the southwestern edge of the confluence of the Appomattox and James Rivers opposite City Point, annexed to Hopewell, Virginia in 1923, Bermuda Hundred was a port town for many years.
 The terminology "Bermuda Hundred" also included a large area adjacent to the town.
 In the colonial era, "hundreds" were large developments of many acres, arising from the English term to define an area which would support one hundred homesteads.
 The port at the town of Bermuda Hundred was intended to serve other "hundreds" in addition to Bermuda Hundred.
The 2011 Souris River flood was greater than the hundred-year flooding event for the Souris.
 The US Army Corps of Engineers estimated the flood to have a recurrence interval between 200 and 500 years.
 The Souris River is a tributary of the Assiniboine River, which it meets near Treesbank, Manitoba.
 The Assiniboine meets the Red River of the North in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
 The flooding has affected Saskatchewan and North Dakota, and overtopped levees in Minot, North Dakota causing the evacuation of about 11,000 residents.
 The flooding in Minot was worse than the 1969 flood and 1881 flood.
 Many other towns along the river were affected and many acres of farmland were inundated.
Ginter Park is a suburb neighborhood of Richmond, Virginia built on land owned and developed by Lewis Ginter.
 The neighborhood's first well known resident was newspaperman Joseph Bryan, who lived in Laburnum, first built in 1883 and later rebuilt .
 In 1895, many acres of land north of Richmond were purchased by Ginter in order to develop into neighborhoods.
 Ginter Park and other neighborhoods were developed from this initial land purchase.
 In Ginter Park are Union Theological Seminary & Presbyterian School of Christian Education and as well as Pollard Park.
Camp Meeker is an unincorporated community, Sonoma County, United States, located on the Bohemian Highway, between Occidental and Monte Rio.
 It has approximately 350 homes on properties ranging from a couple thousand square feet to many acres, some flat and sunny, some on steep narrow gauge railroad type one-way streets.
 The population hovers around 425.
Charles Henry Hackley (January 3, 1837 – January 10, 1905), son of Joseph H. Hackley and Salina Fuller Hackley, was born in Michigan City, Indiana, on January 3, 1837.
 He was an important figure in the history of Muskegon, Michigan.
 With his father he arrived in Muskegon in 1856 from Indiana to work on the creation of the early Michigan roadways.
 Later he became the owner of many acres of cutting grounds throughout Michigan.
 Later on (with business partner Thomas Hume) he opened the Hackley-Hume Lumber Mill on Muskegon Lake in 1854.
 After many successful years the mill of operation, the mill closed in 1894, after most of Michigan's Lower Peninsula had been effectively deforested.
 While many lumber mill owners moved their operations to the Pacific Northwest, Hackley remained in Muskegon and focused on urban revitalization of that city.
Letchworth Village was a residential institution located in Rockland County, New York, in the hamlet of Thiells built for the physically and mentally disabled of all ages, from the newborn to the elderly.
 Opened in 1911, Letchworth Village at its peak consisted of over 130 buildings spread out over many acres of land.
 It was named for William Pryor Letchworth, who espoused reform in the treatment and care of the insane, epileptics, and poor children.
Grassland degradation, also called vegetation or steppe degradation is a biotic disturbance in which grass struggles to grow or can no longer exist on a piece of land due to causes such as overgrazing, burrowing of small mammals, and climate change.
 Since the 1970s, it has been noticed to affects plains and plateaus of alpine meadows or grasslands, most notably being in the Philippines and in the Tibetan and Inner Mongolian region of China where 2460 km of grassland is degraded each year.
 Across the globe it is estimated that 23% of the land is degraded.
 It takes years and sometimes even decades, depending on what is happening to that piece of land, for a grassland to become degraded.
 The process is slow and gradual but at the same time so is restoring degraded grassland.
 Initially only patches of grass appear to die and appear brown in nature; but the degradation process, if not addressed, can spread to decimate many acres of land, which in the most severe cases is merely bare, black soil bereft of any usefulness.
 As a result, the frequency of landslides and dust storms increases; the degraded land’s less fertile ground cannot yield any produce nor can animals graze in these fields any longer; a dramatic decrease in plant diversity in this ecosystem; and more carbon and nitrogen are released into the atmosphere.
 These results can have serious effects on humans such as displacing herders from their community; a decrease in vegetables, fruit, and meat that are regularly acquired from these fields; and a catalyzing effect on global warming.
Dawson School is an independent, private, co-educational, college preparatory day school founded in 1970.
 Located in Lafayette, Colorado, the school serves children from kindergarten through twelfth grade) (K–12) in Lower, Middle and Upper School on a campus of 107 acre .
The Preserve at Sharp Mountain (also called The Sharp Mountain Preserve) is a nature-based community located near Jasper, Georgia in Pickens County.
 It is one of three mountain communities in Pickens County, and the only one dedicated to maintaining its natural amenities.
 There are 12 mi of paved roads running through the community, but the population density is intentionally low (approximately 300 lots over 1600 acre ranging in size from a minimum of 3 acre to a maximum of 37 acres.)
 The Preserve at Sharp Mountain was named the "Best Community for Outdoor Lovers" by Pinnacle Living magazine, Unlike many planned communities, the Preserve at Sharp Mountain does not have swimming pools and tennis courts with club houses or golf courses.
 Instead, the Preserve at Sharp Mountain offers many acres of green space, hiking and nature trails, a nature pavilion, waterfalls, a bird sanctuary, a butterfly garden and various nature parks.
 The community is gated to restrict use of its 12 mi of privately owned roads to those living in the community.
 The Preserve at Sharp Mountain was developed by Four Seasons originally, which later became Naterra Land.
 Naterra's stated goal in all of its projects is "to better connect people with nature."
 Naterra Land sold out all of its inventory in the Preserve, and control of the community is now governed by a Property Owners' Association (POA).
 In 2011, the Preserve Association switched from being an HOA (Home Owners' Association) to being a POA (Property Owners' Association), each being viewed differently under Georgia law.
 In 2008 the Preserve became a recognized member of the national Firewise communities program and is one of the 13 in Georgia.
