Andrew Joseph "Andy" Finch (born March 20, 1981) is an American snowboarder.
 His accomplishments include winning the overall U.S. Grand Prix Halfpipe Title in 2003 and 2004, taking first place in the Arctic Challenge in Norway in April 2004, winning the Vans Triple Crown in February 2004, winning the O’Neill Snowboard Jam in January 2005, and finishing in second place in Northstar Resort’s Vans Tahoe Cup.
 In addition, Finch competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics for the United States.
 He attended Bullard High School in Fresno, California.
Philip Andrew Irons (July 24, 1978November 2, 2010) was an American professional surfer.
 Irons learned to surf on the dangerous and shallow reefs of the North Shore in Kauai, Hawaii.
 Over the course of his professional career, he won three world titles (2002, 2003, 2004), three Quiksilver Pro France titles (2003, 2004, 2005), two Rip Curl Pro Search titles (2006 and 2007) and 20 elite tour victories including the Vans Triple Crown of Surfing four times from 2002-2006.
 On September 3, 2010 he won the Billabong Pro Teahupoo in Tahiti.
 He and his family hosted the Annual Irons Brothers Pinetrees Classic, a contest for youngsters.
 The Governor of Hawaii declared February 13 forever "Andy Irons Day".
 He is the only surfer to have won a title at every venue on the ASP calendar.
The Duke Kahanamoku Invitational Surfing Championship is named in honor of the "Father of Modern Surfing", Duke Paoa Kahinu Mokoe Hulikohola Kahanamoku.
 The contest began in 1965 by invitation only at Sunset Beach on the North Shore of Oʻ ahu until it was replaced by the Billabong Pro in 1985.
 The championship was the first surfing event to be broadcast on a regular basis by ABC's "Wide World of Sports".
The Triple Crown Trophy is a silver trophy awarded to the winner of the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.
 The Triple Crown trophy has come to represent the pinnacle achievement in horseracing.
 Commissioned in 1950 by the Thoroughbred Racing Association, artisans at the world-famous Cartier Jewelry Company were charged with creating not just a trophy, but a true work of art.
 The result was a three-sided vase, each face equally representing the three jewels of the crown, intending to capture the spirit of horseracing's most sought after, and rarest, honor.
 The three sides are engraved with specific information from each of the three races; the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes.
 Upon completion of the first trophy it was awarded to the 1948 Triple Crown Winner Citation.
 Each year thereafter, retroactive trophies were presented to the first eight winners of the Triple Crown in reverse order until all of the previous winners or their heirs were awarded.
Dana Brown (born December 11, 1959 in Dana Point, California) is an American surfer and filmmaker, and is the oldest son of filmmaker Bruce Brown.
 His films include "The Endless Summer Revisited" (2000) which is made up of unused footage from "The Endless Summer" (1964) and "The Endless Summer II" (1994), as well as some original interviews with the stars of those films.
 His first all-original film was "Step Into Liquid" (2003) followed by a documentary on the Baja 1000 titled "Dust to Glory" (2005).
 In 2009, he debuted a new film called "Highwater" during the 100th anniversary of the Santa Monica Pier; the film follows life on the North Shore and the surfers who compete in the Vans Triple Crown of Surfing.
 In 2014, the movie "On Any Sunday, The Next Chapter" continues the saga of motocross documentaries which began with the 1972 Academy Award for Documentary Feature nominated film "On Any Sunday" (1971).
The Triple Crown of Acting is a term used in the American entertainment industry to describe actors who have won a competitive Academy Award, Emmy Award, and Tony Award in the acting categories.
 23 people have achieved the triple crown of acting (14 women, 9 men).
 Helen Hayes' Emmy Award win on February 5, 1953, made her the first person to achieve the triple crown.
 Thomas Mitchell became the first man to achieve the triple crown with his Tony Award win later the same year on March 29, 1953.
 Hayes and Rita Moreno are the only triple crown winners in competitive acting categories who have also won a Grammy Award to complete the EGOT.
The Vans Triple Crown of Surfing is a Hawaiian specialty series of professional surfing events, offering three events to men and three events to women.
 For the men, those events are the Reef Hawaiian Pro at Haleiwa Ali'i Beach Park; the O'Neill World Cup of Surfing at Sunset Beach; and the Billabong Pipeline Masters at the Banzai Pipeline.
 The women's events are the Vans Hawaiian Pro at Haleiwa Ali'i Beach Park; the Roxy Pro at Sunset Beach; and the Billabong Pro Maui at Honolua Bay, Maui.
The Offshore Festival was a camp-out rock and alternative music festival held during Easter at a farm near Torquay, Victoria, Australia from the late 1990s to 2001.
 It was run by the same organisers as the Falls Festival, held at nearby Lorne on New Year's Eve.
 It interlinked with the Rip Curl Pro surfing event, held at nearby Bells Beach, and festival ticketholders had free admission to the surfing event.
The Triple Crown College Baseball League (TCCBL) is a wood bat collegiate summer baseball league based in Fort Collins, Colorado.
 The TCCBL was founded in 2007 by Triple Crown Sports, a sports event marketing company also based out of Fort Collins, Colorado.
 Dave King, owner of Triple Crown Sports, was instrumental in founding the league.
 The league consists of players from all levels of collegiate baseball, from NCAA Division I to NAIA and Junior-college players.
 The 2009 edition of the league will consist of five teams, the Triple Crown Renegades, Colorado Khaos, Triple Crown Bandits, Triple Crown Bulldogs, and Colorado Aliens.
The Reef Hawaiian Pro is a surfing event held annually on the North Shore, Oahu, Hawaii.
 It is currently the first leg of the Triple Crown of Surfing.
 Surfers compete for a share of $135,000 (men) or $35,000 (women) prize money.
 Since it carries a 6-star rating, the event is critical for those who want to qualify for the ASP World Tour.
