Warpaint is a mascot paint and pinto horse for the Kansas City Chiefs National Football League (NFL) team, currently in its third incarnation.
 The horse is associated with the Chiefs' glory days at Municipal Stadium when the team won two American Football League (AFL) championships, and the horse led the team's victory parade after its win in Super Bowl IV.
 After the original Warpaint's retirement in 1989, the team used K.C. Wolf as their lone mascot from 1989 to 2009.
 In keeping with the celebration of the AFL's 50th anniversary, the Chiefs decided to bring back the tradition of Warpaint for the 2009 season, introducing the new horse at the team's home-opener against the Oakland Raiders.
Equinalysis is a computer software program designed in 2004 by consultant farrier, Haydn Price, to capture and analyse equine locomotion.
 It does this by visually tracking and quantifying biomechanical data.
 The system is used by veterinarians, farriers, trainers and physiotherapists to highlight subtle changes in a horse's locomotion, and provide a video record of how a horse's movements change during the course of its working life.
 This then allows the user to improve the horse's performance with various techniques and treatment plans, such as appropriate shoeing regimes.
The treatment of equine lameness is a complex subject.
 Lameness in horses has a variety of causes, and treatment must be tailored to the type and degree of injury, as well as the financial capabilities of the owner.
 Treatment may be applied locally, systemically, or intralesionally, and the strategy for treatment may change as healing progresses.
 The end goal is to reduce the pain and inflammation associated with injury, to encourage the injured tissue to heal with normal structure and function, and to ultimately return the horse to the highest level of performance possible following recovery.
Slinzega is a type of air-dried meat produced in Valtellina, in the Italian Alps.
 It is made in a similar manner to Bresaola, with smaller pieces of meat, which therefore bear a stronger taste.
 According to some sources it originally used horse meat rather than beef.
 Nevertheless, today virtually any type of meat is suitable to its production, the most common being beef, deer and pork.
In ancient Mesopotamia, asipu (also āšipu or mašmašu)", "were scholars and practitioners of diagnosis and treatment in Tigris-Euphrates valley of Mesopotamia (a modern-day Iraq) around 3200 BC.
 Some have described asipu as experts in "white magic".
 At the time, ideas of science, religion and witchcraft were closely intertwined and formed a basis of asiputu, the practice used by asipu to combat sorcery and to heal disease.
 The asipu studied omens and symptoms to formulate a prediction of the future for a subject and then performed apotropaic rituals in an attempt to change the unfavorable fate.
Mariana Kovacevic is a Serbian traditional healer who has specialized in the use of horse placenta treatment to heal athletes.
 During the duration of the 2012 African Cup of Nations in Gabon and Equatorial Guinea she used the horse placenta treatment to heal Ghana's Asamoah Gyan, who had been injured and was supposed to be off football for four weeks.
 She is reported to have nursed him back to health in four hours.
 She was also reportedly enlisted by the Serbia during the world of 2010 in south Africa.
 Other footballers who are reported to have been treated by Mariana include Pablo Zabaleta, Vincent Kompany, Nigel de Jong and Robin Van Persie of Manchester United.
 There has been some doubt as to whether Mariana's therapies work.
 But more footballers are turning to her for help.
The Bear Lake Stake Tabernacle, situated on main street in Paris, Idaho, is a Romanesque red sandstone meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints designed by Joseph Don Carlos Young.
 The tabernacle was built between 1884 and 1889 by Mormon pioneers of Bear Lake Valley who used horse and ox teams to haul rock quarried from Indian Creek Canyon nearly 18 miles away.
 It cost $50,000 to build and seats around 2000 people.
 The tabernacle was dedicated September 15, 1889 by LDS Church president Wilford Woodruff.
 In 1972 the tabernacle was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The tabernacle was most recently refurbished in 2004-2005 and continues to operate as a meeting place for the Bear Lake Stake congregations and community.
Pin firing, also known as thermocautery, is the treatment of an injury to a horse's leg, by burning, freezing, or dousing it with acid or caustic chemicals.
 This is supposed to induce a counter-irritation and speed and/or improve healing.
 This treatment is used more often on racehorses than on other performance horses.
 It is sometimes used in the treatment of bucked shins or splint, curb, or chronic bowed tendons.
 There was also the theory that it would "toughen" the leg of the horse.
 This treatment is prevalent in equine veterinary books published in the early 20th century; however many present-day veterinarians and horse owners consider it barbaric and a cruel form of treatment.
 It is not generally taught in veterinary schools today.
Elizabeth M. Ramsey, M.D. (17 February 1906 - 2 July 1993) was an American physician, placentologist, and embryologist known for pioneering the study of early human embryos and the structure and circulatory system of the placenta.
 She was a researcher at the Carnegie Institution of Washington for nearly forty years.
 While performing an autopsy in 1934, she discovered a 14-day old human embryo, the earliest yet studied at the time.
 Later in her career, Dr. Ramsey worked on a team that used cineradiology to reveal the workings of the placental circulatory system in primates.
Oleai Sports Complex is a multi-use stadium in Saipan on the western Pacific Ocean Northern Mariana Islands.
 It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home of the Northern Mariana Islands national football team.
 The stadium has a capacity of 2,000 people.
 The surface is grass with an athletics track around the perimeter.
