Alphan Eşeli is a Turkish Director, Screenwriter and Photographer born in Ankara in 1973, whose directing work includes feature films, commercials and music videos.
 Following his BA, Eseli moved to New York and graduated from the New York Institute of Technology with a MA degree in filmmaking and has directed award-winning commercials for major Turkish brands such as Beko, İş Bankası, Siemens, TEB, Pinar, Nescafe amongst other.
 He has also worked as a photographer with world-renowned stars such as Gisele Bundchen, Angela Lindvall, Olivier Martinez and more.
 In 2011, Eseli has directed Courtney Love’s music video, “Samantha”.
 In 2009, Eseli co-founded ISTANBUL’74 with his wife, making it the first and pioneering International Arts & Culture platform based in Turkey connecting Istanbul to the International cultural scene.
 In 2010, Eseli co-founded the Istanbul International Arts & Culture Festival - IST.
 Festival
Savvas Houvartas, "Greek": Σάββας Χουβαρτάς, a guitarist and songwriter, was born in 1968 in Pentayia, Cyprus.
 His compositions are influenced by jazz or rock, and are instrumental or with Greek lyrics; overall are close to the mediterranean music; improvisation is another characteristic of his music.
 Savvas regularly performed his music at festivals and various venues.
 Amongst the festivals are the Etnofest World Culture Festival in Serbia, Kypria festival, the University of Cyprus Cultural Festival, and Pomos Paradise Jazz Festival.
 'Erimos' a composition of Savvas has been included in the 2007 Europavox Festival compilation CD.
The Ludwigsburg Festival (Ludwigsburger Schlossfestspiele, also Internationale Festspiele Baden-Württemberg) is a culture festival with programs in music, dance, theatre and literature.
 The festival is held in Ludwigsburg annually between May and July.
 Founded in 1932, the festival is among the oldest festivals in German-speaking countries.
 Many events are held at the Ludwigsburg Palace.
Southern Heritage Festival was a two-day music, arts, and culture festival dedicated to the African American population of Birmingham, Alabama.
 It was held from 2004 to 2006.
 The festival took place on the site of the future Railroad Reservation Park along Birmingham's "Railroad Reservation" corridor on the first weekend of August.
 Music styles include hip hop, Old school hip hop, classic R&B, and Gospel.
The Gidi Culture Festival is a music and arts festival that takes place in Lagos, Nigeria.
 It was created in response to a demand from the local youth culture for live, affordable, and accessible entertainment in Africa.
Ulsan Culture & Arts Center is a convention center and theatre located in Dal-dong, Nam-gu, Ulsan, South Korea.
 Construction of the building began in 1990 and the center opened on 5 October 1995.
 It was previously named the Jonghap Culture & Arts Center () but was renamed in 1997.
 It is the site of the annual "Cheoyong Culture Festival", which accompanies the "Ulsan World Music Festival" and the "Asia Pacific Music Meeting".
Riddu Riđđu is an annual Sami music and culture festival held in Olmmáivággi (Manndalen) in the Gáivuotna (Kåfjord) municipality in Norway.
 The goal of the festival is to bring forward both Sami culture and that of other indigenous peoples.
 Translated to English, the name of the festival is "small storm at the coast".
 The festival has permanent support from the Ministry of Culture and Church Affairs, the Sami parliament, Troms county and Kåfjord municipality.
Decibelle (formerly Estrojam) is a 501c3 NFP music and culture festival that promotes equality and was established in 2003.
 Past headliners have included, Wanda Jackson (First Lady of Rock who toured with Elvis in the 1950s and 1960s), Nina Hagen, Concrete Blonde, Cat Power, The Gossip, Peaches, Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls and Margaret Cho.
 The hip hop, post punk, disco, and dance-punk band ESG played their final show on Friday, September 21, 2007 at Chicago's Abbey Pub, during the Decibelle festival.
The Chicago Maritime Festival is a maritime music and culture festival held in Chicago, United States, every winter, usually the last weekend in February, usually at the Chicago History Museum.
 It is not uncommon for over 500 people to participate.
 It has existed in its present incarnation since 2003 and is the only wintertime festival featuring maritime music in the United States.
 The main organizers are performers Tom & Chris Kastle.
Baščaršija Nights (also known as Nights of Baščaršija; Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian: "Baščaršijske noći" / Башчаршијске ноћи) is the biggest culture festival in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Taking place throughout July every year, the festival exhibits various aspects of the nation's culture.
 This includes performances of classical music, rock and roll, folk music, theatre, various exhibits, folklore, books, film, children programming, opera, ballet, and much more.
