Israel Potter: His Fifty Years of Exile is the eighth book by American writer Herman Melville, first published in serial form in "Putnam's Monthly" magazine between July 1854 and March 1855, and in book form by G. P. Putnam & Co. in March 1855.
 A pirated edition was also published in London by George Routledge in May 1855.
 The book is loosely based on a pamphlet (108-page) autobiography that Melville acquired in the 1840s, "Life and Remarkable Adventures of Israel R. Potter" (Providence, Rhode Island, 1824).
Hershel Parker is an American professor of English and literature, noted for his research into the works of Herman Melville.
 Parker is the H. Fletcher Brown Professor Emeritus at the University of Delaware.
 He is co-editor with Harrison Hayford of the Norton Critical Edition of Herman Melville's "Moby-Dick" (1967, 2001, and 2017), and the General Editor of the Northwestern-Newberry Edition of "The Writings of Herman Melville", which, with the publication of volume 13, ""Billy Budd, Sailor"" "and Other Uncompleted Writings", is now (2017) complete in fifteen-volumes.
 Parker is also the author of a two-volume biography of Herman Melville published by Johns Hopkins University Press (1996, 2002).
Typee: A Peep at Polynesian Life is the first book by American writer Herman Melville, published first in London, then New York, in 1846.
 Considered a classic in travel and adventure literature, the narrative is partly based on the author's actual experiences on the island Nuku Hiva in the South Pacific Marquesas Islands in 1842, liberally supplemented with imaginative reconstruction and adaptation of material from other books.
 The title is from the province Tai Pi Vai.
 "Typee" was Melville's most popular work during his lifetime; it made him notorious as the "man who lived among the cannibals".
Moby-Dick; or, The Whale is a novel by American writer Herman Melville, published in 1851 during the period of the American Renaissance.
 Sailor Ishmael tells the story of the obsessive quest of Ahab, captain of the whaler "Pequod", for revenge on Moby Dick, the white whale that on the previous whaling voyage bit off Ahab's leg at the knee.
 The novel was a commercial failure and out of print at the time of the author's death in 1891, but during the 20th century, its reputation as a Great American Novel was established.
 William Faulkner confessed he wished he had written it himself, and D. H. Lawrence called it "one of the strangest and most wonderful books in the world", and "the greatest book of the sea ever written".
 "Call me Ishmael" is among world literature's most famous opening sentences.
The Confidence-Man: His Masquerade is the ninth book and final novel by American writer Herman Melville, first published in New York in 1857.
 The book was published on April 1, the exact day of the novel's setting.
 "The Confidence-Man" portrays a "Canterbury Tales"–style group of steamboat passengers whose interlocking stories are told as they travel down the Mississippi River toward New Orleans.
 Scholar Robert Milder notes: "Long mistaken for a flawed novel, the book is now admired as a masterpiece of irony and control, though it continues to resist interpretive consensus."
 After the novel's publication, Melville turned from professional writing and became a professional lecturer, mainly addressing his worldwide travels, and later for nineteen years a federal government employee.
Pierre; or, The Ambiguities is a novel, the seventh book, by American writer Herman Melville, first published in New York in 1852.
 The plot, which uses many conventions of Gothic fiction, develops the psychological, sexual, and family tensions between Pierre Glendinning; his widowed mother; Glendinning Stanley, his cousin; Lucy Tartan, his fiancee; and Isabel Banford, who is revealed to be his half-sister.
 According to scholar Henry A. Murray, in writing "Pierre" Melville "purposed to write his spiritual autobiography in the form of a novel" rather than to experiment with the novel and incidentally working some personal experiences into it.
Redburn: His First Voyage is the fourth book by the American writer Herman Melville, first published in London in 1849.
 The book is semi-autobiographical and recounts the adventures of a refined youth among coarse and brutal sailors and the seedier areas of Liverpool.
 Melville wrote "Redburn" in less than ten weeks.
 While one scholar describes it as "arguably his funniest work," scholar F.O. Matthiessen calls it "the most moving of its author's books before "Moby-Dick"".
Billy Budd, Sailor is the final novel by American writer Herman Melville, first published posthumously in London in 1924 as edited by Raymond M. Weaver, a professor at Columbia University.
 Other versions were later published.
 Melville had begun writing the original work in November 1888, but left it unfinished at his death in 1891.
 Acclaimed by British critics as a masterpiece when published in London, it quickly took its place as a classic literary work in the United States.
Clarel: A Poem and Pilgrimage in the Holy Land (1876) is an epic poem by American writer Herman Melville, originally published in two volumes.
 "Clarel" is the longest poem in American literature, stretching to almost 18,000 lines (longer even than European classics such as the "Iliad", "Aeneid" and "Paradise Lost").
 As well as for its great length, "Clarel" is notable for being the major work of Melville's later years.
Marvel Classics Comics was an American comics magazine which ran from 1976 until 1978.
 It specialized in adaptations of literary classics such as "Moby-Dick", "The Three Musketeers", and "The Iliad".
 It was Marvel Comics' attempt to pick up the mantle of "Classics Illustrated", which stopped publishing in 1971.
 36 issues of "Marvel Classics Comics" were published, 12 of them being reprints of another publisher's work.
