Christian Tanna (born Christian Koshowski in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian musician.
 He began playing drums in high school, and with his brother, Jagori Tanna, formed I Mother Earth in 1990.
 Tanna played on 1993's "Dig", 1996's "Scenery and Fish", 1999's "Blue Green Orange", and 2003's "The Quicksilver Meat Dream".
 He wrote all of I Mother Earth's lyrics, and has a distinct, psychedelic style of writing.
Let Mother Earth Speak is a collaboration album, by Japanese new age musician Kitaro and Native American activist Dennis Banks.
Edwin (born Edwin Ghazal) is a Canadian alternative rock singer from Toronto.
 He is the lead vocalist for successful Canadian rock band I Mother Earth and a solo artist.
 He is also the lead singer for the Canadian supergroup Crash Karma.
 In 2016, he reunited with I Mother Earth for a series of shows and a tour commemorating the 20th anniversary of their biggest commercial release, Scenery And Fish.
Richard Oakes (May 22, 1942 – September 20, 1972) was a Mohawk Native American activist.
 He spurred Native American studies in university curricula and changes in US federal government policy toward Native Americans, and led an occupation of Alcatraz Island.
Jagori Tanna (born "Andrew Koshowski", in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian musician.
 Together with his brother, Christian Tanna, he formed I Mother Earth around 1990.
 He wrote almost all of I Mother Earth's music, and produced much of it as well.
 He won a Juno Award in 2000 for Best Recording Engineer (with Paul Northfield) for the band's singles "Summertime in the Void" and "When Did You Get Back From Mars?"
.
Thunderheart is a 1992 contemporary western mystery film directed by Michael Apted from an original screenplay by John Fusco.
 The film is a loosely based fictional portrayal of events relating to the Wounded Knee incident in 1973, when followers of the American Indian Movement seized the South Dakota town of Wounded Knee in protest against federal government policy regarding Native Americans.
 Incorporated in the plot is the character of Ray Levoi, played by actor Val Kilmer, as an FBI agent with Sioux heritage investigating a murder on a Native American reservation.
 Sam Shepard, Graham Greene, Fred Ward and Sheila Tousey star in principal supporting roles.
 Also in 1992, Apted had previously directed a documentary surrounding a Native American activist episode involving the murder of FBI agents titled "Incident at Oglala".
 The documentary depicts the indictment of activist Leonard Peltier during a 1975 shootout on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.
Sacred Ground: A Tribute to Mother Earth is a compilation album of Native American music released through Silver Wave Records on September 13, 2005.
 In 2006, the album won Jim Wilson the Grammy Award for Best Native American Music Album.
Terri Crawford Hansen (born 1953) is a journalist who focuses primarily on environmental and scientific issues affecting North American tribal and worldwide indigenous communities.
 Hansen, an enrolled Native American member of the Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska is a correspondent for the "Indian Country Today Media Network", and contributes to "High Country News", "Earth Island Journal", a Scientific American blog, and other news publications.
 Hansen maintains an online public service news project titled "Mother Earth Journal."
Native Girls Code (NGC) is a Seattle-based program that focuses on providing computer coding skills with grounding in traditional Indigenous knowledge for Native American girls aged 12–18 through workshops, coaching, teaching and role modeling.
 It is organized by the non-profit organization Na'ah Illahee Fund (Mother Earth in the Chinook language), in partnership with University of Washington Information School Digital Youth Lab and the Washington NASA Space Consortium, as a way to support and perpetuate traditional knowledge, build leadership of women and encourage greater participation of Native American students in STEM fields.
Edward D. Castillo, of the Luiseño-Cahuilla tribes, is a Native American activist who participated in the American Indian occupation of Alcatraz in 1969.
 Current professor and director of Native American Studies at the Sonoma State University in California, he wrote several chapters in the Smithsonian Institution's "Handbook of North American Indians" and in "Mission Indian Federation: Protecting Tribal Sovereignty 1919-1967", published in the "Encyclopedia of Native Americans" in the 20th Century.
 He is editor of Native American Perspectives on the Hispanic Colonization of Alta California and The Pomo, A Tribal History.
 Castillo is a regular contributor of book reviews to historical journals such as Indian Historian, Journal of California Anthropology, Western Historical Quarterly, American Indian Quarterly and California History.
