The Summer Set was an American rock band from Phoenix, Arizona formed in 2007.
 The band consisted of lead vocalist Brian Dales, guitarists Josh Montgomery and John Gomez, bass guitarist Stephen Gomez, and percussionist Jess Bowen.
 Formerly signed to The Militia Group in 2008 and to Razor & Tie from 2009–11, they later signed to Fearless Records and have released four full-length studio albums: "Love Like This" (2009), "Everything's Fine" (2011), "Legendary" (2013), "Stories for Monday" (2016) and four extended plays.
 The band has toured with other acts such as The Cab, We Are the In Crowd, Mayday Parade, Sleeping with Sirens, All Time Low, The Downtown Fiction, Action Item, among several others.
Cis AB is a rare mutation in the ABO gene which complicates the basic inheritance pattern and blood-transfusion compatibility matching for ABO blood typing.
 There are different DNA mutations of either type A or Type B alleles that change several amino acids in enzyme transferase A or B, homologous enzymes differing in only four of 354 amino acids (R176G, G235S, L266M, and G268A).
 A single change in ABO gene DNA could reverse type B to type A and then, a new hybrid enzyme will produce both weak B and A2 (in serum test, A2B and A2B3)).
 The most common mutation is an A105 allele variation in exon 7 nucleotide position G803C changing Glycine (type A) to Alanine (type B).
 There are another 8 alleles reported in BGMUT, the most discovered reciently in China and Taiwan.
 In the cis-AB genotype, both antigens are expressed, like in a standard (trans) AB genotype.
 In a traditional AB phenotype, A and B antigenes are inherited separately from the father and mother while a cis-AB allele comes from one parent only.
 In a serum test, cis-AB tests almost the same as a traditional AB, but people with this rare type have problems with blood transfusions.
 Some of them need components like washed red blood cells or autotransfusion of serum and blood.
Loaded (also known as Duff McKagan's Loaded) is an American hard rock band from Seattle, Washington, formed in 1999.
 Since 2001, the band's line-up has included vocalist and rhythm guitarist Duff McKagan (Velvet Revolver and formerly of Guns N' Roses), lead guitarist Mike Squires (formerly of Nevada Bachelors and Alien Crime Syndicate) and bassist Jeff Rouse (formerly of Alien Crime Syndicate, Sirens Sister and Vendetta Red).
 Since 2009, Isaac Carpenter (formerly of Loudermilk, Gosling and The Exies) has been the band's drummer replacing Geoff Reading (formerly of New American Shame and Green Apple Quick Step).
 The band has released 3 studio albums, 1 live album, 1 extended play, 4 singles and 4 music videos.
Youth Authority is the sixth studio album by American pop punk band Good Charlotte released on July 15, 2016 through MDDN and Kobalt Music Group.
 It was produced by John Feldmann with guest appearances from Kellin Quinn of Sleeping with Sirens, and Simon Neil of Biffy Clyro.
 The lead single, "Makeshift Love" was released on November 5, 2015.
 The second single, "40 oz.
 Dream", premiered on April 4, 2016 as part of the band's 20th anniversary celebration.
Sirens Sister is an American rock band based in Seattle, Washington.
 The group was formed in 2006, following the breakup of Vendetta Red, former members Zach Davidson, Leif Andersen and Rouse, as well as local drummer Ben Libay, formed Sirens Sister, initially in Bakersfield, California before relocating to Seattle.
The Silver Star was a luxury passenger train that ran overnight between Auckland and Wellington on the North Island Main Trunk railway of New Zealand.
 The train ran from Monday, 6 September 1971 until Sunday, 8 June 1979.
 It replaced the "Night Limited" express passenger trains, which provided a faster service than the "Ordinary" Expresses by stopping at only six intermediate stations en route and not dragging postal or parcels vans at the rear.
 Designed as a "hotel on wheels", its carriages were distinctive in New Zealand; rather than being painted in the traditional red, the "Silver Star"' s carriages were made of stainless steel, and silver in appearance.
 Original planning of the train envisaged the sleeping cars being the basis of new standard NZR passenger stock with future passenger trains of 6 carriages and van, 7 stainless steel units of 30 tons each (210) tons pulled by a 1425 hp DA.
 However planning for the Limited replacement became more ambitious in the early 1960s, moving away from 25 ton, 55 ft stainless carriages of the type used on the 3 ft 6inch, QR Sunlander to sleeping cars of standard gauge 9 ft 9inch, standard gauge loading gauge.
 As a result the usual Silver star consist of 35 ton carriages would weigh 410 tons and lead to the order for superpower DX locomotive of 2750 hp from General Electric to pull them and express freight on the NIMT and result in a large trackside work on the NIMT and the Silver stars alternative route via Marton- Wanganu-Stratford - Taurmaranui, to accommodate standard gauge width carriages running on 3 ft 6 inch.
Loaded (also known as Duff McKagan's Loaded) is an American rock band from Seattle, Washington, formed in 1999.
 Since 2001, the band's line-up has included vocalist and rhythm guitarist Duff McKagan (Velvet Revolver and Guns N' Roses), lead guitarist Mike Squires (formerly of Nevada Bachelors and Alien Crime Syndicate) and bassist Jeff Rouse (formerly of Alien Crime Syndicate, Sirens Sister, and Vendetta Red).
 Since 2009, Isaac Carpenter (formerly of Loudermilk, Gosling, and The Exies) has been the band's drummer, replacing Geoff Reading (formerly of New American Shame and Green Apple Quick Step).
"Go Go Go" is a song performed by American post-hardcore band Sleeping With Sirens released for digital download on January 22, 2015.
 It serves as the second single off of the group's fourth studio album, "Madness", which was released on March 13, 2015 via Epitaph Records and follows up the album's lead single, "Kick Me."
 The music video for "Go Go Go" was self-directed by Sleeping With Sirens and shot by Sean Garcia of Flippen Music, which premiered on the single's release day.
Sleeping with Sirens is an American rock band from Orlando, Florida currently residing in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
 The band was formed in 2009 by members of For All We Know and Paddock Park.
 The group is currently signed to Warner Bros.
 Records and have released four full-length albums and an acoustic EP.
 They rose to fame by their song "If I'm James Dean, You're Audrey Hepburn" which is the lead single from their debut album "With Ears to See and Eyes to Hear" which released in 2010.
 The group's third album "Feel" debuted at No. 3 on the US "Billboard" 200, and a fourth album entitled "Madness" was released on March 17, 2015 through Epitaph Records and spawned the single "Kick Me".
 Their fifth studio album, "Gossip", was released on September 22, 2017 on Warner Bros.
 Records.
 The group is known primarily for the versatility of vocalist Kellin Quinn's leggero tenor vocal range, along with the heavy sound used on their early work and the pop influences they used later into their career.
David Bendeth (born 17 June 1954) is a multi-platinum award-winning record producer.
 He has either Produced or Mixed albums by Paramore, Breaking Benjamin, Elvis Presley, Papa Roach, Killswitch Engage, In Flames, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, Hawthorne Heights, Underoath, A Day To Remember, Taking Back Sunday, Chiodos, The Almost, Vertical Horizon, SR-71, As I Lay Dying, All Time Low, Bruce Hornsby, Hedley, Kaiser Chiefs, Bring Me the Horizon, Of Mice & Men, Asking Alexandria, We Came as Romans, Coldrain, Tonight Alive, Beartooth, Young Guns, I Prevail, Sleeping with Sirens, Northlane .
