North Atlantic Deep Water (NADW) is a deep water mass formed in the North Atlantic Ocean.
 Thermohaline circulation of the world's oceans involves the flow of warm surface waters from the southern hemisphere into the North Atlantic.
 Water flowing northward becomes modified through evaporation and mixing with other water masses, leading to increased salinity.
 When this water reaches the North Atlantic it cools and sinks through convection, due to its decreased temperature and increased salinity resulting in increased density.
 NADW is the outflow of this thick deep layer, which can be detected by its high salinity, high oxygen content, nutrient minima, and chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs).
 CFCs are anthropogenic substances that enter the surface of the ocean from gas exchange with the atmosphere.
 This distinct composition allows its path to be traced as it mixes with Circumpolar Deep Water (CDW), which in turn fills the deep Indian Ocean and part of the South Pacific.
 NADW and its formation is essential to the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC), which is responsible for transporting large amounts of water, heat, salt, carbon, nutrients and other substances from the Tropical Atlantic to the Mid and High Latitude Atlantic.
 In the conveyor belt model of thermohaline circulation of the world's oceans, the sinking of NADW pulls the waters of the North Atlantic drift northward; however, this is almost certainly an oversimplification of the actual relationship between NADW formation and the strength of the Gulf Stream/North Atlantic drift.
The Greenland Sea is a body of water that borders Greenland to the west, the Svalbard archipelago to the east, Fram Strait and the Arctic Ocean to the north, and the Norwegian Sea and Iceland to the south.
 The Greenland Sea is often defined as part of the Arctic Ocean, sometimes as part of the Atlantic Ocean.
 However, definitions of the Arctic Ocean and its seas tend to be imprecise or arbitrary.
 In general usage the term "Arctic Ocean" would exclude the Greenland Sea.
 In oceanographic studies the Greenland Sea is considered part of the Nordic Seas, along with the Norwegian Sea.
 The Nordic Seas are the main connection between the Arctic and Atlantic oceans and, as such, could be of great significance in a possible shutdown of thermohaline circulation.
 In oceanography the Arctic Ocean and Nordic Seas are often referred to collectively as the "Arctic Mediterranean Sea", a marginal sea of the Atlantic.
The Norwegian Sea (Norwegian: "Norskehavet" ) is a marginal sea in the North Atlantic Ocean, northwest of Norway.
 It is located between the North Sea (i.e. north of the United Kingdom) and the Greenland Sea and adjoins the North Atlantic Ocean to the west and the Barents Sea to the northeast.
 In the southwest, it is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by a submarine ridge running between Iceland and the Faroe Islands.
 To the North, the Jan Mayen Ridge separates it from the Greenland Sea.
The Faroe Islands are an archipelago between the Norwegian Sea and the North Atlantic approximately halfway between Norway and Iceland, 200 mi north-northwest of mainland Scotland.
 The islands are an autonomous country within the Kingdom of Denmark.
The Nordic Seas are located north of Iceland and south of Svalbard.
 They have also been defined as the region located north of the Greenland-Scotland Ridge and south of the Fram Strait-Spitsbergen-Norway intersection.
 Known to connect the North Pacific and the North Atlantic waters, this region is also known as having some of the densest waters, creating the densest region found in the North Atlantic Deep Water.
 The deepest waters of the Arctic Ocean are connected to the worlds other oceans through Nordic Seas and Fram Straight.
 There are three seas within the Nordic Sea: Greenland Sea, Norwegian Sea, and Iceland Sea.
 The Nordic Seas only make up about 0.75% of the World’s Oceans.
 This region is known as having diverse features in such a small topographic area, such as the mid oceanic ridge systems.
 Some locations have shallow shelves, while others have deep slopes and basins.
 This region, because of the atmosphere-ocean transfer of energy and gases, has varying seasonal climate.
 During the winter, sea ice is formed in the western and northern regions of the Nordic Seas, whereas during the summer months, the majority of the region remains free of ice.
The Faroe Islands ( ; Faroese: "Føroyar" ] ; Danish: "Færøerne" , ] ), sometimes called the Faeroe Islands, are an archipelago between the Norwegian Sea and the North Atlantic, about halfway between Norway and Iceland, 200 mi north-northwest of Scotland.
 The islands are an autonomous country within the Kingdom of Denmark.
 Their area is about 1,400 km2 with a population of 50,030 in April 2017.
Norway is a country located in Northern Europe on the western and northern part of the Scandinavian Peninsula, bordering the North Sea to the southwest and the Skagerrak inlet to the south, the North Atlantic Ocean (Norwegian Sea) in the west and the Barents Sea to the northeast.
 Norway has a long land border with Sweden to the east, a shorter one with Finland in the northeast and a still shorter border with Russia in the far northeast.
European windstorm is a name given to the strongest extratropical cyclones which occur across the continent of Europe.
 They form as cyclonic windstorms associated with areas of low atmospheric pressure.
 They are most common in the autumn and winter months.
 On average, the month when most windstorms form is January.
 The seasonal average is 4.6 windstorms.
 Deep low pressure areas are relatively common over the North Atlantic, sometimes starting as nor'easters off the New England coast, and frequently track across the North Atlantic Ocean towards western Europe, past the north coast of Britain and Ireland and into the Norwegian Sea.
 However, when they track further south they can affect almost any country in Europe.
 Commonly affected countries include the United Kingdom, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, the Faroe Islands and Iceland, but any country in Central Europe, Northern Europe and especially Western Europe is occasionally struck by such a storm system.
The Pribilof Islands (formerly the Northern Fur Seal Islands) are a group of four volcanic islands off the coast of mainland Alaska, in the Bering Sea, about 200 miles (320 km) north of Unalaska and 200 miles (320 km) southwest of Cape Newenham.
 The Siberia coast is roughly 500 mi northwest.
 About 200 km (77 sq mi) in total area, they are mostly rocky and are covered with tundra, with a population of 572 as of the 2010 census.
North Atlantic Books is a non-profit, independent publisher based in Berkeley, CA.
 Founded by authors Richard Grossinger and Lindy Hough in Vermont, North Atlantic Books was named partly for the North Atlantic region where it began in 1974, as well as Alan Van Newkirk's Geographic Foundation of the North Atlantic, an early (1970) ecological center founded in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, by radicals from Detroit.
 The publisher also cites Edward Dorn's 1960's poem, "North Atlantic Turbine: A Theory of Truth," which very early described the dangers of global commoditization by the Western World, as an inspiration in the company's name.
 The company's mission statement reads: “Our mission is to affect planetary consciousness, nurture spiritual and ecological disciplines, disseminate ancient wisdom, and put forth ways to transmute cultural dissonance and violence into service.”
 Genres published by North Atlantic Books include internal martial arts (through its imprint "Blue Snake Books"), somatics, homeopathic medicine, shamanism, Martian mysteries, alternative medicine, the history and philosophy of medicine, natural foods, New Science, Buddhism, parapsychology, Western esotericism, Sufism, deep ecology, gay and lesbian studies, conspiracy theories and Jungian psychology.
 In 1980, North Atlantic Books was incorporated within the Society for the Study of Native Arts and Sciences, a 501(c)(3) non-profit educational organization.
 They are a client of Random House distribution services.
