The Narita Airport Terminal 2 Shuttle System (成田空港第2ターミナルシャトルシステム , Narita Kūkō Dai-ni Tāminaru Shatoru Shisutemu ) was an automated people mover used in Narita International Airport, Narita, Chiba Japan.
 The system operated between December 6, 1992 and 2013.
Narita International Airport Corporation (成田国際空港株式会社 "Narita Kokusai Kūkō Kabushiki Gaisha" ) , abbreviated NAA, is a parastatal company responsible for the management of Narita International Airport in Japan.
 It is the successor to the New Tokyo International Airport Authority (新東京国際空港公団 "Shin Tōkyō Kokusai Kūkō Kōdan" ) which was established on 30 July 1966.
 NAA was privatized on April 1, 2004.
Air Kilroe Limited, trading as Eastern Airways, is a British airline whose head office is at Humberside Airport in Kirmington, North Lincolnshire, England.
 It operates scheduled domestic and international services and private charter services.
 Around 800,000 passengers a year are carried on the scheduled route network.
Narita Airport Terminal 1 (Narita Airport) Station (成田空港駅 , Narita Kūkō eki ) is an underground train station located beneath Terminal 1 of Narita International Airport in Narita, Chiba, Japan.
 The station is shared between East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and the private railway operator Keisei Electric Railway.
Air Japan Co., Ltd. (株式会社エアージャパン , Kabushiki-gaisha Eā Japan ) is a charter airline based on the grounds of Narita International Airport in Narita, Chiba in Japan.
 It operates scheduled services under the ANA brand.
 It should not be confused with Air Nippon, another ANA subsidiary, or Japan Airlines (JAL), ANA's competitor.
 Its main base is Narita Airport.
 It was announced on 2 April 2010 that Air Japan and ANA & JP Express will merge, with Air Japan being the surviving company.
 Air Japan uses the All Nippon call sign on all flights except the Seoul Incheon and Narita-Honolulu routes which use the Air Japan call sign.
Nippon Cargo Airlines Company, Limited (日本貨物航空株式会社 , Nippon Kamotsu Kōkū Kabushiki-gaisha ) , or NCA, is a cargo airline with its head office on the property of Narita International Airport in Narita, Chiba Prefecture, outside Tokyo.
 It operates scheduled cargo services in Asia and to Europe and North America.
 Its main base is Narita Airport.
The Wing Shuttle (ウイングシャトル , Uingu Shatoru ) is a people mover system at Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan.
 The system opened on September 4, 1994, with the opening of the airport itself.
 The driverless people mover lines link the main terminal building and the tips of two wings.
 All the stations are equipped with platform screen doors.
 Unlike the wheel-less Terminal 2 Shuttle System in Narita International Airport, the system in Kansai is a conventional people mover with wheels.
 Cars operate roughly once every 2 minutes and each route is 545m long.
Narita Airport Terminal 2·3 (Airport Terminal 2) Station (空港第2ビル駅 , Kūkō-daini-biru eki ) is an underground railway station located beneath Terminal 2 of Narita International Airport in Narita, Chiba, Japan.
 The station is linked to Higashi-Narita Station by a 500 m underground passage.
 The station serves both Terminal 2 and the nearby Terminal 3.
Vanilla Air Inc. (バニラ・エア株式会社 , Banira Ea Kabushiki Kaisha ) is a low-cost airline in Japan wholly owned by All Nippon Airways.
 Its head office is within Terminal 2 of Narita International Airport in Narita, Chiba Prefecture.
Narita International Airport (成田国際空港 , Narita Kokusai Kūkō ) (IATA: NRT, ICAO: RJAA) , also known as Tokyo Narita Airport, formerly and originally known as New Tokyo International Airport (新東京国際空港 , Shin Tōkyō Kokusai Kūkō ) , is an international airport serving the Greater Tokyo Area of Japan.
 It is located approximately 60 km east of central Tokyo in Chiba Prefecture, straddling the border between the city of Narita and the adjacent town of Shibayama.
