Grey Holiday was a four-member American Christian rock band from Austin, Texas.
 The band was signed to Essential Records.
 Band members included Matthew Minor (vocals, keys, guitar), Steven Bedingfield (guitar, electronics, programming), R.T. Bodet (bass) and Josh Fenoglio (drums).
 The band is best known for their song "Let Go", which climbed to No. 2 the R&R magazine contemporary Christian music chart as of December 2, 2007.
 The Grey Holiday song "You Belong To Me" was also used for the score of the independently released hit film "Fireproof" in 2008.
 Although the band disbanded at the end of 2008, Minor, Bedingfield and Bodet became the band for worship leader Mark Swayze in 2009.
 After several years of leading worship at University United Methodist Church in San Antonio, Texas, the band moved to The Woodlands United Methodist Church in The Woodlands, Texas in 2014.
"Hooligan" (released 1 November 1999) is a song by English rock band Embrace, which became their sixth Top 40 single (#18 in the UK), and the first from their second album "Drawn From Memory".
 It is one of only two singles so far to be sung entirely by Richard (the other one being "One Big Family") rather than the band's lead singer Danny.
"Love Gun" is a song by the American rock band Kiss, first released on their 1977 album of the same name.
 The B-side is the album track "Hooligan", a song written by drummer Peter Criss.
Sinema (often typeset as SINema) is the eighth studio album by the Dutch punk rock band the Heideroosjes.
 "Damclub Hooligan" was released as a single.
Holiday Flyer were a Roseville, California-based indie pop band formed in June 1993 by siblings John and Katie Conley.
 In this incarnation, Holiday Flyer released their debut long-player, "Try Not to Worry", in 1995.
 The band grew by one member for each of their next three records: Verna Brock (an alumna of Rocketship, Beanpole, and later the California Oranges) joined the group for 1997's "The Rainbow Confection"; Michael Yoas for 2000's "You Make Us Go"; and Jim Rivas (also of Rocketship) for the band's 2001 swansong, "I Hope".
 Holiday Flyer disbanded in October 2002, with leaders John Conley and Katie Conley devoting more time to other projects: the California Oranges and the Sinking Ships, respectively.
Silver Town is the fourth studio album by The Men They Couldn't Hang.
 It was released in 1989 under the Silvertone label and recorded at Woodcray Manor Studios in Berkshire.
 There were three singles released from the album, A Place in the Sun, Rain, Steam & Speed and A Map of Morocco.
 Rosettes was originally earmarked as a single but was cancelled due to the Hillsborough disaster as the song's lyrical content centred on the football hooligan culture at the time.
 Only one single released from the album had a promotional video, Rain, Steam & Speed.
 It was shot in black and white and featured the band members and some of their family members dressed in Victorian clothing.
 Lead singer Swill portrays engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel who is mentioned during the song's bridge.
Colin Fleming (born April 21, 1984 in San Diego, California) is an American former racing driver who completed in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup, Formula Renault 2000 Germany and Formula Renault 3.5 in 2005 and 2006 with Jenzer Motorsport and Carlin Motorsport, he was also a member from the Red Bull Junior Team, Fleming finished 4th in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup in 2004 and was rookie of the year in the Formula Renault 2000 Germany also in that year.
 He also raced against fellow American and Californian and future Formula One Driver Scott Speed.
 In 2005 he switched to the Formula Renault 3.5 with Swiss team Jenzer Motorsport, despite three DNS in the first 3 and missing one race of that season he finished 13th with 34 points with a best finish of 3rd in the second race in the Bugatti Circuit, to 2006 he switched to Carlin where he finished 6th in the first race of the season in Zolder, however he failed to qualify to the Second Race of the weekend and he finished 4th in Circuit de Monaco and 8th in both races in Istanbul Park, after this round he asked to leave Carlin and the Red Bull Junior Team, Red Bull officially released him and he was replaced by fellow Red Bull Junior Team member and Future Formula One Champion Sebastian Vettel, after leaving Red Bull, he returned to the United States to complete in the Atlantic Championship mid-season and he finished 20th with 45 points and since then has not raced anymore in a Major Series, until he decided to retire.
 Now Colin is a high-level executive with Salesforce.
Workout Holiday LP is the debut album by rock band White Denim.
 After signing to the band's first record label, Full Time Hobby, in early 2008, White Denim first released the single "Let's Talk About It" on April 28 in Europe.
 The band followed the single with the release of its first full-length album entitled "Workout Holiday" to European listeners on June 23, 2008.
 The LP shares the same name as their nine-song "Tour EP"; however, it features newly re-recorded versions of songs from both the "Workout Holiday" EP as well as the "Let's Talk About It" EP.
Jimmy Norman (August 12, 1937 – November 8, 2011) was an American rhythm and blues and jazz musician and a songwriter.
 In his early career, Norman had a charting single of his own, "I Don't Love You No More (I Don't Care About You)", as well as performing session work with Jimi Hendrix, but he is better known as a lyricist and songwriter.
 He wrote the expanded lyrics of the song "Time Is on My Side", which became a hit for The Rolling Stones,and later in 1985 re recorded and produced by Stephen Vanderbilt featuring "St. Tropez" as the A side of a 45 released on the album "Home" throughout Europe.
 Norman composed a number of songs performed by well-known musicians including Johnny Nash and Bob Marley.
 In 1969 he became involved with doo-wop band The Coasters, first as a producer and then as a touring member.
 He was also recording independently, releasing a solo album in 1998, the same year poor health forced him to retire from performance.
 Like many other musicians of his time, he was not financially prepared for retirement or heavy medical bills, and with few royalties for his writing soon found himself in economic crisis.
 With the assistance of charitable organization Jazz Foundation of America, Norman regained his feet and resumed performing, releasing his first wide distribution album in 2004, "Little Pieces".
 He performed in the Manhattan area until shortly before his death.
"Hooligan's Holiday" is a song by American heavy metal band, Mötley Crüe, released on their 1994 eponymous album.
 The lyrics to the song were written by vocalist/rhythm guitarist John Corabi and bassist Nikki Sixx, while the music was written by Corabi, Sixx, drummer Tommy Lee and guitarist Mick Mars.
