Once Were Warriors is a 1994 New Zealand drama film based on New Zealand author Alan Duff's bestselling 1990 first novel.
 The film tells the story of the Hekes, an urban Māori family, and their problems with poverty, alcoholism, and domestic violence, mostly brought on by the patriarch Jake.
 The film was directed by Lee Tamahori and stars Rena Owen, Temuera Morrison and Cliff Curtis.
xXx: State of the Union (released as xXx: The Next Level outside North America) is a 2005 American action film directed by Lee Tamahori and a sequel to the 2002 film "xXx".
 It is the second installment of the "xXx" franchise, and was produced by Revolution Studios for Columbia Pictures.
Mahana is a 2016 New Zealand drama film written and directed by Lee Tamahori based on the novel by Witi Ihimaera, "Bulibasha: King Of The Gypsies".
 It was released as The Patriarch outside New Zealand.
The Edge is a 1997 American survival drama film directed by Lee Tamahori and starring Anthony Hopkins and Alec Baldwin.
 Bart the Bear, a trained Kodiak bear known for appearances in several Hollywood movies, also appears in the film as a vicious grizzly; this was one of his last film roles.
Lee Tamahori (born 17 June 1950) is a New Zealand filmmaker best known for directing 1994 film "Once Were Warriors" and 2002 James Bond film "Die Another Day".
In 1969, Robert Redford purchased 6000 acre at the base of 12000 ft Mount Timpanogos in Utah's Wasatch Mountains.
 He named this land Sundance (after his character in the 1969 film "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid").
 The Sundance Group is a listing of all the businesses that run under the Sundance corporate umbrella started by and run by actor Robert Redford.
The Devil's Double is a 2011 Belgian-Dutch biographical film directed by Lee Tamahori, written by Michael Thomas, and starring Dominic Cooper in the dual role of Uday Hussein and Latif Yahia.
 It was released on January 22, 2011 at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and was released in limited theaters on July 29, 2011 by Lionsgate and Herrick Entertainment.
Along Came a Spider is a 2001 American neo noir psychological thriller film directed by Lee Tamahori.
 It is a sequel to the 1997 film "Kiss the Girls", with Morgan Freeman reprising his role as detective Alex Cross.
 The screenplay by Marc Moss was adapted from the 1993 novel of the same title by James Patterson, but many of the key plot elements of the book were controversially eliminated.
 The movie received negative to mixed critical reviews, although it became a box office success.
Next is a 2007 American science fiction action thriller film directed by Lee Tamahori and starring Nicolas Cage, Julianne Moore, Jessica Biel, Thomas Kretschmann, Tory Kittles, and Peter Falk.
 The film's original script was loosely based on the science fiction short story "The Golden Man" by Philip K. Dick.
 The film tells the story of Cris Johnson, a small-time magician based in Las Vegas, who has limited clairvoyance; his ability allows him to see into the very immediate future.
 His gift makes him a target not only of a highly motivated and heavily armed group of terrorists, but also wanted by the FBI to help them fight them.
Once Were Warriors is New Zealand author Alan Duff's bestselling first novel, published in 1990.
 It tells the story of an urban Māori family, the Hekes, and portrays the reality of domestic violence in New Zealand.
 It was the basis of a 1994 film of the same title, directed by Lee Tamahori and starring Rena Owen and Temuera Morrison, which made its U.S. premiere at the Hawaii International Film Festival.
 The novel was followed by two sequels, "What Becomes of the Broken Hearted?
" (1996) and "Jake's Long Shadow" (2002).
