Loudonville High School is a high school in Loudonville, Ohio.
 It is the only high school in the Loudonville-Perrysville Exempted Village School District.
 However, younger students attend one of three schools.
 1st- 3rd graders attend the R.F. McMullen School, then cross the street to attend the C.E. Budd School for grades 4-6.
 Then, students attend the high school campus for 7th and 8th grades.
The Bryn Athyn School District is a public school district in Montgomery County.
 While it is designed to serve residents of the small Philadelphia suburb of Bryn Athyn, it has never contained a school.
 90% of students in the affluent and highly religious community attend private schools operated by the General Church of the New Jerusalem, which has its global headquarters in the borough.
 The remaining students attend Lower Moreland Township School District.
 The Bryn Athyn School District is one of just four in the state to not operate a high school; Midland Borough School District in Beaver County and Saint Clair Area School District in Schuylkill County have avoided consolidation by continuing primary education only, while Duquesne City School District, which features the lowest test scores in the state, in Allegheny County had its high school closed by state mandate.
Shore Regional High School, established in 1962, is a regional public high school and school district serving students from four communities in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
 The high school serves students from the constituent municipalities of Monmouth Beach, Oceanport, Sea Bright and West Long Branch, where the school is located.
 Students from Interlaken attend public school in the West Long Branch Public Schools for K-8 and Shore Regional High School for grades 9-12, as part of sending/receiving relationships with the districts in which students attend on a tuition basis, having ended a longstanding relationship with the Asbury Park Public Schools.
Middletown High School North, home of the Lions, is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Middletown Township, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as one of the two secondary schools of the Middletown Township Public School District.
 Other students from Middletown Township attend Middletown High School South.
 The school also houses a 750-seat theater.
 Approximately 90% of North students attend college after graduation.
 The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1936.
Groton-Dunstable Regional High School (GDRHS) is located in Groton, Massachusetts and serves the communities of both Groton and Dunstable in the Groton-Dunstable Regional School District.
 While GDRHS is the only public high school located within those communities students from Groton may also attend the public Nashoba Valley Technical High School while students from Dunstable may attend the public Greater Lowell Technical High School.
 Approximately 850 students attend GDRHS and they are primarily graduates of Groton-Dunstable Regional Middle School.
 GDRHS has a primarily college preparatory curriculum with approximately 87% of its students attending four-year colleges and over 90% attending two- or four-year colleges upon graduation in 2010.
Immacolata School is a Catholic school in Immacolata Parish, Richmond Heights, Missouri.
 Students attend from grades K through Eighth.
 Immacolata School's first graduating class was in 1950.
 The cornerstone was laid on the main building in 1949.
 The principal of Immacolata School is Dr. Jennifer Stutsman, a former long-time middle school Social Studies and Science teacher at the school.
 The pastor is Rev. Msgr. Vernon Gardin.
 In 2008, the Parish built a new school wing which added classrooms, offices and a conference room.
 Other recent improvements include a renovated playground, athletic fields, kitchen and cafeteria as well as a new wooden floor in the gymnasium.
 Students attend from the parish's boundaries as well as from neighboring areas.
Lincolnshire-Prairie View School District 103 is an elementary district located in Lincolnshire Lake County, Illinois, in suburban Chicago.
 The school district serves approximately 1,800 students from the communities of Lincolnshire and Prairie View and portions of Buffalo Grove, Vernon Hills, Mettawa, Riverwoods and Lake Forest.
 Students attend Laura B. Sprague Elementary School (K-2), Half Day Intermediate School (3-4) and Daniel Wright Junior High Schools (5-8).
 Students from this district later attend Adlai E. Stevenson High School also located within Lincolnshire.
The Davidson Academy is a school for profoundly gifted students with two options - an Online High School starting with eighth grade courses for students living anywhere in the United States and a Reno, Nevada public school day school located on the University of Nevada, Reno campus for students living in the area.
 The school, founded in 2006, is the first public school of its kind in the nation for profoundly gifted (high IQ) students.
 The Reno public school is located in the Jot Travis Building on the campus of the University of Nevada, Reno.
 As of the 2017-2018 school year, 149 students attend the Davidson Academy.
 The Davidson Academy provides each student with a personalized learning plan, designed to give them an education specifically catered to their individual, unique needs.
 Unlike traditional school settings, the Academy’s classes do not group students by age, but by ability.
 The school is designed to provide an educational setting where the abilities, strengths, and interests of highly intelligent young people are encouraged and supported.
 Eligible candidates must score in the 99.9th percentile on accepted intelligence and/or achievement tests; perform at a required academic level; exhibit intellectual and academic achievement; are, or intend to be, residents of Nevada; and other criteria.
 As ranked by the Washington Post's Jay Mathews, the Davidson Academy is one of the nation's "Top-performing schools with elite students."
Gracey (Leontine) Elementary School is an elementary school located in Merced, California which educates grades kindergarten to fifth.
 Current enrollment is approximately 700 students 368 of which are socioeconomically disadvangated.
 74.1% of the students qualify for the free lunch program; an additional 13.5% qualify for the reduced lunch.
 86% of the students who attend are minority and 39% with English as a second language.
 The school is on the list of California Low Performing Schools with a 677 base API rating.
 A majority of all the students attend Tenaya Middle School upon graduating from Gracey Elementary School.
Dearborn Center for Math, Science and Technology (DCMST) is a specialized secondary education center with a four-year advanced, research based, science and math curriculum located in Dearborn Heights, Michigan.
 The school was founded in 2001, with its first graduating class in 2005.
 Most of the school is located in the Henry Ford Community College building, but some of the Michael Berry Career Center (MBCC) building is also used by DCMST.
 About 75 students are selected each year from the three high schools in the Dearborn City School District.
 Once in the program, students are committed for four years.
 In freshman and sophomore year, students attend their three classes at DCMST in the afternoon from 11:15 to 1:55.
 Juniors and seniors attend in the morning from 7:35 to 10:15.
 The other three hours are spent at student's home school.
 DCMST is a member of the NCSSSMST, an alliance of specialized high schools in the United States whose focus is advanced preparatory studies in mathematics, science and technology.
 The school is also accredited by the North Central Association (NCA) as all other Dearborn Public Schools are.
