The MAX Blue Line is a 33-mile (53 km) light rail line in the MAX Light Rail system in the Portland metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 Operated by TriMet, the line runs between Hillsboro and Gresham, via downtown Portland.
 It is the longest line in the MAX system and the trunk route of the system.
 The line carried an average of 65,200 riders per day (boardings) on weekdays during TriMet's Fiscal Year 2011 (July 2010–June 2011).
Quatama, formerly Quatama/Northwest 205th Avenue, is a light rail station on the MAX Blue Line in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
 The station is the 13th stop westbound on the Westside MAX from Downtown Portland and includes a park-and-ride lot.
 Quatama Station is named after the area which includes Quatama Road to the south of the station.
 Opened in 1998, the stop is near high-tech industries and the Amberglen business park that includes Oregon Health & Science University's West Campus in Hillsboro that includes the Oregon National Primate Research Center.
 With the renaming of NW 205th Avenue as NE John Olsen Avenue by the City of Hillsboro in 2017, TriMet changed the station's name from its original, longer name.
Fair Complex/Hillsboro Airport is a light rail station on the MAX Blue Line in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
 It is the 16th stop westbound on the Westside MAX, and the last westbound stop prior to crossing the Main Street Bridge.
 The station is located close to the Washington County Fair Complex and Hillsboro Airport, a major general-aviation facility in Hillsboro, and the location of the Oregon International Airshow in the summer.
 Bus line 46-North Hillsboro serves the station.
Elmonica/Southwest 170th Avenue is a light rail station on the MAX Blue Line in Elmonica, Washington County, Oregon, United States.
 Named after a former station on the Oregon Electric Railway, it is the eleventh stop westbound on the Westside MAX.
 The side platform stop is located between Hillsboro to the west and Beaverton to the east.
Hawthorn Farm is a light rail station on the MAX Blue Line in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
 Opened in 1998, it is the 15th stop westbound on the Westside MAX.
 The TriMet owned station does not have a parking lot nor bus connections.
 Artwork at the station utilizes electronics to provide waiting passengers with indicators of approaching trains, the wind's direction, and sounds from a neighboring wetlands area.
 The name of the station comes from the name of the family who once owned a farm and a historic home on the land, and is shared with a business park and an Intel campus.
The Hatfield Government Center station is a light rail station on the MAX Blue Line in downtown Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
 The station is the 20th stop westbound on the Westside MAX, and the western terminus of the MAX Blue Line route.
 Opened in 1998, it is located in the same block as the Hillsboro Post Office and adjacent to the Washington County Courthouse and the Hillsboro Civic Center.
 The block is bounded by First and Adams streets on the east and west and Washington and Main streets on the south and north.
 The station is named in honor of Mark O. Hatfield, a former United States Senator from Oregon and light rail proponent.
The Portland Vintage Trolley was a heritage streetcar service in Portland, Oregon, United States, that operated from 1991 to 2014.
 It operated on a portion of the MAX light rail system, and for a brief time also operated on the Portland Streetcar system, in downtown and nearby areas.
 Service was provided with replicas of a type of Brill streetcar, nicknamed the "Council Crest" cars, which last served Portland in 1950.
 The service was managed by Vintage Trolley Inc., a non-profit corporation, and the cars were owned and operated by TriMet, Portland's transit agency.
 For 18 of its 23 years, the service followed a 2.3 mi section of what is now the MAX Blue Line, between Lloyd Center and the west end of downtown.
 In September 2009, the route was changed to a 1.5 mi section of the MAX system, along the transit mall in downtown Portland, from Union Station to Portland State University (PSU).
The Gresham Central Transit Center station, also known as Gresham Transit Center, is a TriMet transit center and MAX light rail station in Gresham, Oregon, United States.
 The center is a connection point for several bus routes and the MAX Blue Line.
 The light rail station is the 25th stop eastbound on the eastside MAX line, which was the Portland metropolitan area's first light rail line.
Hillsboro Central/Southeast 3rd Avenue Transit Center is a light rail station and transit center on the MAX Blue Line in Hillsboro, Oregon.
 Opened in 1998, the red-brick station is the 19th stop westbound on the Westside MAX, one stop from the western terminus of the line.
 Physically the largest station on the line, it is located at a former stop of the Oregon Electric Railway and includes artwork honoring the history of the community.
The Gateway/Northeast 99th Avenue Transit Center, commonly known as Gateway Transit Center, is a TriMet bus transit center and light rail station on the MAX Blue, Green and Red Lines in Portland, Oregon, United States.
 It is the 14th stop eastbound on the current Eastside MAX.
 This station is where all three lines split, with Blue Line trains proceeding east to Gresham, Green Line trains proceeding south to Clackamas, and Red Line trains proceeding north to Portland International Airport.
 When opened in 1986, it was the busiest station on the Portland–Gresham MAX line, the only line in the system at that time, and was the terminus of 11 bus lines.
 Currently seven bus lines serve the Gateway Transit Center.
