Konzo is an epidemic paralytic disease occurring in outbreaks in remote rural areas of low income African countries.
 The people of these regions have been associated with several weeks of almost exclusive consumption of insufficiently processed "bitter" (high cyanide) cassava ("Manihot esculenta")—a perennial crop native to Amazonia in South America, but widely cultivated in tropical regions worldwide.
 It is the third most important food source in the tropics after rice and maize and is the staple food of tropical Africa.
 Cassava yields well in poor soils, is drought-resistant, and the roots give food security during droughts and famine.
 Nutritionally, the starchy roots are complemented by consumption of cassava leaves, which are rich in proteins and vitamins.
 Konzo was first described by Giovanni Trolli in 1938 who compiled the observations from eight doctors working in the Kwango area of the Belgian Congo (now Democratic Republic of the Congo).
Pyracantha angustifolia is a species of shrub in the rose family known by the common names narrowleaf firethorn, slender firethorn and woolly firethorn.
 The flowers are white and produce small round pomes and can be orange to red in color.
 These fruits are astringent and bitter, making them inedible for humans, but they are a food source for birds.
 The leaves, fruit and seeds contain hydrogen cyanide, the source of the bitter taste.
 The stems and branches have sharp spines.
 This shrub is cultivated and grown in yards and gardens as an ornamental plant.
 It can be used to make hedges for home security.
 This species is native to China but has been introduced to North America.
 It is an invasive species in Hawaii and in other areas.
Bitter Jester is a documentary starring Maija DiGiorgio, Kenny Simmons, Jody Del Giorno and Heather McConnell.
 It's a portrait of the comedy world that includes interviews with a multitude of stars including Richard Pryor, Richard Belzer and many others.
Citizens' Greener Evanston (previously known as "Citizens for a Greener Evanston") is an environmental organization in Evanston, Illinois that works primarily on strategies for reducing carbon emissions and increasing community sustainability.
 Its origins were in Network for Evanston's Future, an umbrella group started c. 2000 for a half-dozen organizations in Evanston working on various aspects of sustainability in the municipality, to wit, Evanston's Affordable Housing Future; The Citizens' Lighthouse Community Land Trust; Evanston's Transportation Future; Evanston Interreligious Sustainability Circle; Evanston's Energy Future; Evanston Food Policy Council; and The Talking Farm.
 After the City in October 2006 voted to sign the United States Conference of Mayors Climate Protection Agreement, Network leaders, after public meetings, convened a number of citizen taskforces, which began working in the fall of 2007 to develop a plan to reduce the city's carbon footprint.
 The result was the Evanston Climate Action Plan ("ECAP"), passed in November 2008, which proposed over 200 different tactics to reduce carbon dioxide emissions in Evanston with respect to transportation, buildings, energy sources, waste, and food production.
 The Evanston effort was singled out by the State of Illinois as a "best practices" model for developing such a plan.
 The ECAP was presented to the Evanston City Council, and "accepted" by it, in November, 2008.
Basic taste qualities like sour, salty, sweet, bitter and umami serve specific functions in identifying food components found in the diet of humans and animals, and are recognized by proteins in the oral cavity.
 Recognition of bitter taste and aversion to it are thought to protect the organism against the ingestion of poisonous food compounds, which are often bitter.
 Bitter taste receptors are expressed not only in the mouth but also in extraoral tissues.
 BitterDB database, available at http://bitterdb.agri.huji.ac.il/bitterdb/, includes over 550 compounds that were reported to taste bitter to humans.
 The compounds can be searched by name, chemical structure, similarity to other bitter compounds, association with a particular human bitter taste receptor, and so on.
 The database also contains information on mutations in bitter taste receptors that were shown to influence receptor activation by bitter compounds.
Shopped: The Shocking Power Of British Supermarkets is a book by British author and investigative journalist Joanna Blythman first published by Fourth Estate in 2004.
 Described by one reviewer as "an emotive and bitter attack on [Britain's] supermarket culture" the book examines the way supermarkets have changed "diets, cities, countryside and economy" in Britain and argues that consumers have unwittingly "surrendered control over what [they] eat to a few powerful chains."
 Along with Felicity Lawrence's "Not On The Label" (2004) and Colin Tudge's "So Shall We Reap" (2003), "Shopped" was seen by some critics as representing the frontline of the emerging, radical Slow Food movement in Europe.
 The book helped establish Blythman's reputation as "one of the most influential commentators" on British supermarkets.
 It was the winner of the Best Food Book prize at the 2005 Glenfiddich Food and Drink Awards and was shortlisted for the 2005 Guild of Food Writers' Awards.
Hollywood Outlaw, The Unmaking of a Bitter Jester is the director’s cut of the controversial documentary "Bitter Jester" which was buried in 2004 amidst much scandal, never to be seen again.
 Directed by, written by, and starring Maija DiGiorgio, this film follows her through the construction and subsequent deconstruction of Bitter Jester, including all of the footage that sparked the scandal leading to blackmail and censorship.
A bittering agent is a flavoring agent added to a food or beverage to impart a bitter taste, possibly in addition to other effects.
 While many substances are bitter to a greater or lesser degree, a few substances are used specifically for their bitterness, especially to balance other flavors, such as sweetness.
 Notable beverage examples include caffeine, found naturally in tea and coffee and added to many soft drinks, hops in beer, and quinine in tonic water.
Alton Crawford Brown (born July 30, 1962) is an American television personality, food show presenter, author, actor, cinematographer, and musician.
 He is the creator and host of the Food Network television show "Good Eats" (14 seasons), host of the mini-series "Feasting on Asphalt" and "Feasting on Waves", and host and main commentator on "Iron Chef America", "Cutthroat Kitchen" and Camp Cutthroat.
 Brown is a best-selling author of several books on food and cooking.
 On Alton's 2016 book tour, he stated "Good Eats" will have a "sequel", and it will be released in 2017 on the internet.
 He is the songwriter and lead performer for his CD "Bitter Like Me."
Mazel-tov (Yiddish: מזל טוב, "mazel tov"; Russian title either «Мазлтов» or «Поздравляем», 1889), is a one-act Yiddish-language play by Sholem Aleichem.
 The play focuses on the relationship between the servants downstairs, the cook Beyle, and the upstairs rich, the Landlord.
 One memorable servant song from the 1889 play "Bitter is the food That gets burnt, Bitter is it to work Beyond your strength", was later recycled and included into the 1949 and 1969 Polish Jewish State Theatre production of The Treasure in the mouth of another servant, Zelda.
 The play was revived after the Revolution among the repertoire of the Moscow Yiddish Chamber Theater (GOSET) in the 1920s.
 It was set as an opera Congratulations!
 (Russian: «Поздравляем!»
 , Op. 111) by Mieczysław Weinberg in 1975.
