Roger Federer defeated Andre Agassi 6–3, 2–6, 7–6, 6–1 in the final to win the Men's Singles tennis title at the 2005 US Open.
 This was Agassi's last appearance in a Grand Slam tournament final.
Fernando Verdasco Carmona (] ; (born 15 November 1983) is a Spanish professional tennis player.
 His career-high singles ranking is world No. 7, achieved in April 2009.
 Verdasco started playing tennis at four years of age and had a full-time coach when he was eight.
 As of 2009, Verdasco has been working in Las Vegas with Andre Agassi and his team, including Darren Cahill (Agassi's former coach) and Gil Reyes (Agassi's fitness coach).
Emanoul Aghassian (ایمانوئل آغاسيان), Anglicized as Emmanuel "Mike" Agassi (born 25 December 1930 in Salmas, Iran), is a former boxer and the father and former coach of Andre Agassi.
Pete Sampras and Andre Agassi are retired professional men's tennis players who were both ranked World No. 1 during the 1990s, Sampras holding the world's top-rank spot for a then-record 286 weeks while Agassi held it for 101 weeks.
 With contrasting styles and temperaments, they played each other 34 times from 1989 through 2002, with Sampras winning 20 matches.
 It has been named as one of the greatest tennis rivalries of all time.
Pete Sampras was the two-time defending champion and won in the final 6–3, 6–4, 7–5 against Andre Agassi.
 With this victory, Sampras equalled Roy Emerson's record of twelve Grand Slam titles.
 Sampras' victory over Agassi in the final is often cited as one of his greatest performances.
 However, despite his victory, he lost his No. 1 ranking to Agassi the following day, when the ATP Tour rankings were updated.
The Young Turks (TYT) is an American news and commentary program on YouTube, which also serves as the flagship program of the TYT Network, a multi-channel network of associated web series focusing on news and current events.
 The program was created by Cenk Uygur, Ben Mankiewicz, and Dave Koller.
 Currently co-hosted by Uygur and Ana Kasparian, who are often accompanied by various in-studio contributors, the program maintains an anti-establishment stance and provides commentary on topics of varying news genres.
 "The Young Turks" began as a radio program that premiered on February 14, 2002 on Sirius Satellite Radio; it was later carried on Air America, before launching a web series component in 2005 on YouTube.
Agassi Tennis Generation is a tennis sports game, developed by Aqua Pacific and published by DreamCatcher Interactive for the PC, PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance.
 It was originally released for PC on August 12, 2002.
 The game features former tennis player Andre Agassi.
Andre Agassi Tennis is a tennis video game released in 1992, starring tennis legend Andre Agassi.
 The game was released for the Super NES, Genesis, Master System and Game Gear.
 It enjoyed a much belated release for mobile phones.
Gil Reyes (born 1952) is an American fitness trainer who spent seventeen years as the strength and conditioning trainer for retired tennis player Andre Agassi, from 1989 until Agassi's retirement in 2006.
 He was also considered one of Agassi's closest friends and confidants.
Yevgeny Kafelnikov was the defending champion, but he lost to Andre Agassi in the final, 3–6, 6–3, 6–2, 6–4.
 This was the first time Agassi made 4 consecutive grand slam finals, if not for his loss to Pete Sampras in the 1999 Wimbledon final, Agassi would have won a non-calendar grand slam.
