Wang Zhiwen (, born June 26, 1956) is a Chinese actor born in Shanghai, China.
 He was selected by for his acting abilities at an early age and began to pursue a career in acting that has flourished in recent years, culminating in his role in Chen Kaige's "Together".
 He also starred in the 2006 film "A Battle of Wits" as the King of Liang and the 2004 film "Ai Zuozhan" where he played Wah.
Charlie Babcock (born 1979) is an American actor born in Grosse Pointe, Michigan as Charles William Babcock.
 Babcock has guest starred on several present-day television programs which include a recurring role on the ABC series "Desperate Housewives" as Stu who was Lynette Scavo's assistant at Parcher & Murphy until he sued his boss (Joely Fisher) for a sexual harassment suit.
 Other guest star appearances include "8 Simple Rules" and "Cold Case".
 He is also known for parts in "Special" (2006), "RewinD" (2005) and "Spoonaur" (2004)
Max Terhune (12 February 1891 – 5 June 1973) was an American film actor born in Franklin, Indiana.
 He appeared in nearly 70 films, mostly B-westerns, between 1936 and 1956.
 Among these, Terhune starred in the Three Mesquiteers and Range Busters series.
Casanova Wong, also known as Ka Sat Fat (卡薩伐), is a former Korean martial arts actor born in 1945 as Yong-ho Kim in Gimje, South Korea.
 An expert in tae kwon do, he is a leg-fighter, and is well known for his spin kicks and was nicknamed "The Human Tornado" in the Republic of Korea Army.
 He made many appearances in martial arts movies but is most remembered for his role as Cashier Hua in "Warriors Two", where he starred alongside Sammo Hung, with whom he worked several times.
 Other films included "Story of Drunken Master" and "Rivals of the Silver Fox".
 One of Wong's last notable movie appearances was as Kang-ho in the 1994 Korean movie "Bloody Mafia".
Stephen "Steve" George Arbuckle is a Canadian born actor born in the village of Donkin (Arbuckle Lane), Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.
 He started his career as a theatre actor at Cape Breton University, then made his first move into film in 2003 with the lead role in the short film "Todd and the Book of Pure Evil", which also starred Julian Richings and John Bregar.
 He appeared as Oliver Peele in 2010 in the pilot episode of the CBS show "Blue Bloods".
 Arbuckle is now living in Toronto, Ontario.
Mohamed Henedi (Arabic: محمد هنيدى‎ ‎ ) is an Egyptian comedy actor born in Giza, Egypt on 1 February 1965 and has gained a cinematic bachelor's degree.
 Henedi started his career in 1991 in short appearances in theaters and cinemas, and achieved huge success in his two films "Esma'eleya Rayeh Gaii" and "Sa'ede Fel Gam'a Al Amrekya".
 He later starred in the movies "Hamam fi Amesterdam", "Belya we Demagho el Alya", "Saheb Sahbo" and "Andalib el Dokki".
 Mohamed Henedi also dubbed the voices of Timon, Mike Wazowski and Homer Simpson for the Egyptian versions of "The Lion King", "Monsters, Inc.", and "The Simpsons" respectively.
 After acting in many Egyptian movies, he is famous all over the Arabic world.
Miraj Grbic is a Film, Television and Theatre actor born on July 17, 1976 in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 He currently lives in Los Angeles, California.
 Miraj graduated from the Academy of Performing Arts in Sarajevo at the University of Sarajevo, where he earned MA Degree in Acting.
 Since 1996 he has performed in more than 60 theater plays on the main stage of the Sarajevo National Theatre.
 He starred in almost 40 Feature films in Bosnian, Croatian, German, Austrian, Italian, Irish, Polish, Turkish, Macedonian, Australian, Canadian and US productions.
 He starred as Bogdan in "", where he performed opposite Tom Cruise.
 Grbic starred in television shows such as "Ruža vjetrova", "Lud, zbunjen, normalan", "Gang Related" and "Viza za budućnost".
 He lives in Los Angeles since 2013.
Peter "Sugarfoot" Cunningham (born March 25, 1963) is a retired Canadian undefeated 7-time World Champion Hall of Fame kickboxer, boxer, martial artist, actor and book writer.
 Rated by experts as one of the greatest full contact fighters of all time, Sugarfoot was a superb technician who possessed high fighting I.Q. and lightning speed.
 He retired from kickboxing in 1996 with a record of 50-0-1, having avenged the only draw of his career.
 Cunningham's skills in the ring have been praised by many Martial Arts legends, including Benny "The Jet" Urquidez, Bill "Superfoot" Wallace, Chuck Norris, Dan Inosanto, Rigan Machado, Don "The Dragon" Wilson and many others.
 Cunningham maintained a high level competition throughout his career as most of his opponents were either current or former champions.
 In 1998 in San Jose, California, Peter was honored as the inaugural inductee in the I.S.K.A. Hall of Fame.
Will Hutchins (born May 5, 1930) is an American actor most noted for playing the lead role of the young lawyer from the Oklahoma Territory, Tom Brewster, in sixty-nine episodes of the Warner Bros. Western television series "Sugarfoot", which aired on ABC from 1957 to 1961.
 Only five episodes aired in 1961, including the series finale on April 17.
 (The "Encyclopedia of Television Shows" erroneously indicates that "Sugarfoot" aired from 1957 to 1963.)
Homero Cárpena (14 February 1910 – 17 January 2001) was an Argentine film actor born in Mar del Plata.
 He appeared in 72 films between 1933 and 1972 although the bulk of his work was in the late 1930s and 1940s.
 He starred in "El hombre señalado", which was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
