The Independent National Patriotic Front of Liberia (INPFL) was a rebel group that participated in the First Liberian Civil War under the leadership of Prince Johnson.
 It was a breakaway faction of the National Patriotic Front of Liberia (NPFL).
The Arusha Accords (official name; Peace Agreement between the Government of the Republic of Rwanda and the Rwandese Patriotic Front ) (also known as the Arusha Peace Agreement, or Arusha negotiations) were a set of five accords (or protocols) signed in Arusha, Tanzania on August 4, 1993, by the government of Rwanda and the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), under mediation, to end a three-year Rwandan Civil War.
 Organized by the United States, France and the Organisation of African Unity, the talks began on July 12, 1992, and lasted until June 24, 1993, with a final week-long meeting in Rwanda, July 19 to July 25, 1993.
National Heroes Acre or simply Heroes Acre is a burial ground and national monument in Harare, Zimbabwe.
 The 57 acre site is situated on a ridge seven kilometres from Harare, towards Norton.
 Its stated purpose is to commemorate Patriotic Front guerrillas killed during the Rhodesian Bush War, and contemporary Zimbabweans whose dedication or commitment to their country justify their interment at the shrine.
 Persons buried here are considered heroes by the incumbent Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front regime, which has administered the country since independence at 1980.
 Indeed, most of the recipients of the 'hero status' were known to be Zanu-PF sympathisers.
 The actual monument itself is modeled after two AK-47s lying back-to-back; the graves are meant to resemble their magazines.
 The monument is an early example of work of the North Korean firm Mansudae Overseas Projects.
 It closely mirrors the design of the Revolutionary Martyrs' Cemetery in Taesong-guyŏk, just outside Pyongyang, North Korea.
Capurganá is a tourist destination of the municipality of Acandí on the northwestern coast of the Gulf of Urabá in the Colombian department of Choco and adjacent to the border between Colombia and Panama.
 This region of Colombia was inhabited by the Cuna Indians and the name Capurgana translates to the "land of chili" in their language.
 The Cuna inhabited until the early twentieth century when they were displaced by mostly mulatto settlers from Cartagena.
 The natives migrated to the archipelago of San Blas (Region Kuna Yala) in the neighboring country of Panama.
 The Cuna maintain a semiautonomous region where they exercise a degree of self governance.
Parliamentary elections were held in Cyprus in 1960.
 The House of Representatives was elected on 31 July 1960, whilst the Communal Chambers were elected on 7 August.
 In the House of Representatives 35 seats were elected by Greek Cypriots and 15 by Turkish Cypriots.
 The result was a victory for the Patriotic Front, which won 30 of the 50 seats.
 In the Communal Chambers, the Patriotic Front won 20 of the 26 seats in the Greek Chamber, whilst the Cyprus Turkish National Union won all seats in the Turkish Chamber.
The Albanian National Council (Albanian: "Këshilli Nacional i Shqiptarëve" , Montenegrin: "Nacionalni Savjet Albanaca") is an institution of self governance for the Albanian minority in Montenegro.
 The council was founded in 2008 in Ulcinj.
Swarāj (Hindi: स्वराज "swa-" "self", "raj" "rule") can mean generally self-governance or "self-rule", and was used synonymously with "home-rule" by Maharishi Dayanand Saraswati and later on by Mahatma Gandhi, but the word usually refers to Gandhi's concept for Indian independence from foreign domination.
 Swaraj lays stress on governance, not by a hierarchical government, but by self governance through individuals and community building.
 The focus is on political decentralisation.
 Since this is against the political and social systems followed by Britain, Gandhi's concept of Swaraj advocated India's discarding British political, economic, bureaucratic, legal, military, and educational institutions.
 S. Satyamurti, Chittaranjan Das and Motilal Nehru were among a contrasting group of Swarajists who laid the foundation for parliamentary democracy in India.
Subhash Mendhapurkar (born: Solapur, Maharashtra) is an Indian social activist based in the state of Himachal Pradesh, active in the fields of Women Self-reliance, Rural Self governance, Rural Healthcare, AntiAlcoholism, Microfinance, Water management and Ecomanagement.
 He is the founder and Director of SUTRA ("Society for Social Uplift Through Rural Action"), a Non-governmental organization which has been credited for the Socioeconomical transformation of thousands of illiterate rural women, especially the widowed and divorced ones through various initiatives in the foothills of the Himalayas of the Shimla and Solan area.
 Subhash is the recipient of various awards and accolades including "National Sarda Equal Opportunities Award", "Man of the year award, 2008" and "Peace award, 2005".
 He is best credited for stabilizing the otherwise dropping Sex Ratio in Solan District in Himachal Pradesh.
 Mendhapurkar is an alumnus of the prestigious Tata Institute of Social Sciences and visits International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development, Kathmandu.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 813, adopted unanimously on 26 March 1993, after reaffirming Resolution 788 (1992) and determining that the situation in Liberia constituted a threat to international peace and security, the Council condemned the failure of the parties in the country – the Armed Forces of Liberia, ULIMO, National Patriotic Front of Liberia and Independent National Patriotic Front of Liberia among others, to implement the Yamoussoukro IV Accord.
The First Minister of Scotland is the political leader of Scotland, and head of the Scottish Government.
 The First Minister chairs the Scottish Cabinet and is primarily responsible for the formulation, development and presentation of Scottish government policy.
 The First Minister is a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP), and is nominated by the Scottish Parliament before being officially appointed by the monarch.
 Following a referendum in 1997, a Scottish Parliament and devolved Scottish Government were established, to give Scotland some measure of self governance in its domestic affairs.
 This devolution resulted in administrative and legislative changes to the way Scotland was governed, and resulted in the establishment of a post of First Minister to be head of the devolved Scottish Government.
 Following the first Scottish Parliamentary elections on 6 May 1999, Scottish Labour Party leader Donald Dewar was nominated as First Minister, and was officially appointed by the Queen on 17 May at a ceremony in the Palace of Holyroodhouse.
