Klenger Burger is an Indonesian restaurant chain based in Jakarta, operated by PT Kinarya Anak Negeri.
 The restaurant chain served halal hamburgers designed to suit the Indonesian palate.
 The company sold a variety of burgers, including a 25 cm Raja Klenger (King Klenger) designed to serve seven people.
 It also sold pizza, grilled and fried duck and chicken, and Indonesian snacks such as rempeyek and emping.
Fazoli's is an Italian-American fast casual restaurant chain based out of Lexington, Kentucky.
 It was founded in 1988 and is now owned by Seed Restaurant Group, Inc.
 Today, there are more than 200 Fazoli's located nationwide with plans to expand overseas.
 The restaurant chain specializes in Italian cuisine and dishes.
 Carl Howard is the company's president and CEO.
KFC, until 1991 known as Kentucky Fried Chicken, is an American fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken.
 Headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, it is the world's second-largest restaurant chain (as measured by sales) after McDonald's, with almost 20,000 locations globally in 123 countries and territories as of December 2015 .
 The chain is a subsidiary of Yum!
 Brands, a restaurant company that also owns the Pizza Hut and Taco Bell chains.
The Chessels is an area of Bedminster, Bristol that runs from the midsection of Luckwell Rd to the former White Horse pub on West Street.
 Chessel Street is the main road.
 The name "Chessel" is taken from the name of a field, recorded in 1350.
 The White Horse was redeveloped into flats by 2013, but was once used as a location for the fictional Nags Head pub in the BBC television series "Only Fools and Horses".
The Works is a Canadian restaurant chain based in Ottawa, Ontario.
 The restaurant chain started by Brad Fennema in Ottawa in 2001, has grown to 27 locations across southern Ontario.
Piccadilly Pub was a chain of casual dining restaurants headquartered in the US state of Massachusetts.
 The first Piccadilly Pub restaurant was opened by William C. Martin in 1973 in the town of Westborough, Massachusetts.
Dee's Drive-In was a fast food hamburger drive-in restaurant chain based in Utah.
 The chain was founded by Dee Frederick Anderson, who got his start selling hamburgers operating the Ute Hamburger Shop near the University of Utah in the 1920s.
 Anderson opened the first Dee's Restaurant in 1932.
 Dee's would evolve into two separate but related restaurant chains: Dee's Family Restaurant and Dee's Drive-In.
VIP's, alternatively written Vip's, is a defunct restaurant chain in the Western United States that operated from 1968 until the late 1980s, based in Salem, Oregon.
 With more than 50 locations, it was once the largest restaurant chain based in Oregon.
 It was a Denny's-style restaurant, a type that was commonly known at that time as a "coffee shop" but is now more commonly known as a casual dining restaurant.
 Most restaurants were located near freeways and were open 24 hours.
 At its peak, the chain had locations in five states: Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Nevada and northern California.
Chefette Restaurants is the largest fast food restaurant chain based in the Caribbean island nation of Barbados.
 Currently operating throughout the island in 14 locations, Chefette is known for its broasted chicken meals as well as a local curried-'meat + vegetable' (similar to the European Gyro) roll-up or wrap, locally known as a roti.
 Chefette was founded by a Trinidadian businessman named Assad John Haloute, who migrated to Barbados in 1971.
 In 1972, he opened the first Chefette Restaurant at Fontabelle, St. Michael.
 As the success of the chain grew over the next three decades, the restaurant chain continued its expansion.
 The company's trademark colours are yellow and purple.
Todai is a restaurant chain based in the United States.
 As of 2016, the chain had over 19 restaurants in the United States, 7 restaurants in South Korea, one restaurant in Hong Kong, one restaurant in Canada, one restaurant in Indonesia, one restaurant in Singapore and one restaurant in Malaysia.
