WestAir Commuter Airlines, also known as WestAir Airlines(IATA:OE,VB/ICAO WCA,SDU), was a United States airline formed when Stol Air Commuter changed its name in 1978.
 One of the founders was Maurice J. Gallagher, Jr., who later acquired Allegiant Air.
 WestAir subsequently became a United Express air carrier via a code sharing agreement with United Airlines.
 It was headquartered in Fresno, California.
 WestAir was sold to Mesa Air Group in 1992.
Toa Airways (東亜航空 , Tōa Kōkū ) was a Japanese airline and the predecessor of Japan Air System.
 Founded on November 30, 1953, it merged with Japan Domestic Airlines on May 15, 1971, to form Toa Domestic Airlines, which went on to become Japan Air System.
JALways Co., Ltd. (JAZ) (株式会社ジャルウェイズ , Kabushiki-gaisha Jaruweizu ) , formerly Japan Air Charter Co., Ltd. (ジャパンエアチャーター株式会社 , Japan Ea Chātā Kabushiki-gaisha ) , was an international airline registered in Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan, with its headquarters and its main hub at Narita International Airport.
 The airline had a secondary hub at Osaka's Kansai International Airport.
 Its operations included scheduled and non-scheduled international passenger services to 15 high-density low yield tourist destinations in nine countries using a fleet of Boeing only aircraft wet-leased from Japan Airlines.
Japan Airlines Domestic (日本航空ジャパン , Nihon Kōkū Japan ) (IATA: JD, ICAO: JLJ, Call sign: J-BIRD) was an airline based in Tokyo, Japan.
 It was part of Japan Airlines Corporation and operated an extensive domestic network in Japan.
 Its main hub was Tokyo International Airport.
J-Air Co., Ltd. (株式会社ジェイエア , Kabushiki-gaisha Jei Ea ) , is a regional commuter airline with its headquarters in the Terminal Building in Nagoya Airfield and in Toyoyama, Nishikasugai District, Aichi, Japan and its main hub at Nagoya Airfield.
 J-Air previously had its headquarters in Ōmura, Nagasaki Prefecture.
 Its operations include scheduled passenger services to 16 destinations across regional Japan, under Japan Airlines' flight numbers.
 The airline has a fleet 19 aircraft, consisting of Bombardier CRJ-200s and Embraer 170s.
Japan Air Commuter Co., Ltd. (日本エアコミューター株式会社 , Nihon Ea Komyūtā Kabushiki-gaisha ) is a Japanese airline based in Kirishima, Kagoshima Prefecture.
 It operates feeder services in support of Japan Airlines.
 Its main base is Kagoshima Airport, with hubs at Osaka International Airport, Amami Airport and Fukuoka Airport.
Stol Air Commuter was a United States commuter airline that began service around 1974.
 The air carrier was also known as STOL Air Commuter thus reflecting its use of STOL (short take off and landing) aircraft.
 It served the San Francisco, California Bay Area and northern California.
 The airline was based in San Rafael in Marin County just north of the city of San Francisco and also had administrative offices located in Santa Rosa, CA at one point.
 Stol Air Commuter operated scheduled passenger air service connecting several cities in the San Francisco Bay Area as well as northern California with San Francisco International Airport (SFO).
 According to the airline's system timetable, in the spring of 1975 Stol Air Commuter was operating 66 daily flights serving SFO via United Airlines gate 10 at the airport.
JAL Express Co., Ltd. (JEX) (株式会社ジャル エクスプレス , Kabushiki-gaisha Jaru Ekusupuresu ) , was an airline with its headquarters at Tokyo International Airport and in Ota-ku, Tokyo, Japan, and its main hub at Tokyo International Airport.
 The airline also maintained offices in the Japan Airlines Building in Shinagawa, Tokyo.
 Its operations included scheduled and non-scheduled passenger services to eight regional destinations across Japan.
 In addition, the airline operated additional 15 destinations in Japan and two destinations in the People's Republic of China on behalf of Japan Airlines, under a wet-lease agreement.
Japan Airlines Co., Ltd. (JAL) (日本航空株式会社 , Nihon Kōkū Kabushiki-gaisha , , OTC Pink: JAPSY) , is the flag carrier airline of Japan and the second largest in the country behind All Nippon Airways.
 It is headquartered in Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan; and its main hubs are Tokyo's Narita International Airport and Tokyo International Airport (Haneda Airport), as well as Osaka's Kansai International Airport and Osaka International Airport.
 JAL group companies include Japan Airlines, J-Air, JAL Express, Japan Air Commuter, Japan Transocean Air and Ryukyu Air Commuter for domestic feeder services; and JAL Cargo for cargo and mail services.
Japan Air System Co., Ltd. (JAS) (日本エアシステム , "Nihon Ea Shisutemu" ) (IATA: JD, ICAO: JAS, Call sign: Air System) was the smallest of the big three Japanese airlines.
 In contrast to JAL and ANA, its international route network was very small, but its domestic network incorporated many smaller airports that were not served by the two larger airlines.
 As an independent company, it was last headquartered in the JAS M1 Building at Tokyo International Airport (Haneda Airport) in Ōta, Tokyo.
 It has since merged with Japan Airlines.
