Jesse Rodriguez is a New York-based Senior Producer for MSNBC's Morning Joe, booking guests for the weekday morning talk show on MSNBC, with Joe Scarborough discussing the news of the day in a panel format with co-hosts Mika Brzezinski and Willie Geist.
 Previously, Rodriguez was a Producer for MSNBC's The Dylan Ratigan Show and an Assignment Editor for NBC News, covering news on the network's news desk.
 While on The Dylan Ratigan Show, he field produced from Washington, DC and various other locations for the MSNBC host.
Robin Carolle Brantley (born August 4, 1957), known professionally as Robin Robinson, is a longtime Chicago television news anchor best known for her 27 years as main news anchor at Fox-owned WFLD-TV in Chicago.
 She can now be heard on the radio at WBBM (AM) as a fill-in anchor/reporter and WVON as host of her own show, 'Robin's Nest.'
Thomas Albert Roberts (born October 5, 1972) is an American television journalist who, since April 2010, has served as a news anchor for MSNBC, a cable-news channel.
 He currently anchors "MSNBC Live", the daytime news platform of NBC News, on weekends from 5-7pm ET.
 Before that he was anchor of "Way Too Early" and a contributor to "Morning Joe".
 He is also an NBC News correspondent and is a fill-in anchor on "Today" and "NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt".
William J. "Bill" Karins (born April 14, 1974) is an American meteorologist, working for NBC News and The Weather Channel.
 He reports weekdays for NBC's "Early Today", MSNBC's "First Look", "Way Too Early", "Morning Joe", "MSNBC Live", CNBC and The Weather Channel.
 Prior to being named an NBC meteorologist, Karins was one of the original meteorologists for the now shuttered NBC Weather Plus.
 From 2009 to 2012, Karins had been the meteorologist on "Weekend Today" on Saturdays.
 Karins has also become one of the substitute hosts for "Way Too Early" since the departure of Willie Geist from the show for his "Today" hosting duties.
Alison Harmelin is an American television journalist for CBS News based in the network's headquarters in New York City.
 Harmelin recently served as a fill-in anchor for CBS News Up-to-the-minute, the network's overnight magazine-style broadcast.
 She has also served as a fill-in anchor for the CBS Morning News and CBSN, the network's newly launched streaming channel.
 Harmelin is a correspondent for CBS Newspath the network's 24-hour daily news service.
 Harmelin also anchors and reports for CBS MoneyWatch and is a frequent contributor to CBS Radio News and CBSNews.com.
Today in New York (displayed on-air as ""Today in NY"") is a local morning news and entertainment television program airing on WNBC (channel 4), an NBC owned-and-operated television station in New York City, New York that is owned by the NBCUniversal Owned Television Stations division of NBCUniversal.
 The program is broadcast each weekday morning from 4:00 to 7 a.m. Eastern Time.
 Weekend editions of the program (branded as "Weekend Today in New York") also air on Saturdays in two one-hour blocks from 6 to 7 a.m. and 9 to 10 a.m.; and on Sundays in one two-hour block from 6 to 8:00 a.m. and one one-hour block from 9:30 to 10:30 a.m. (with "Weekend Today" airing in between the two Saturday blocks and "Sunday Today with Willie Geist" airing in between the two Sunday blocks).
Ashlan McKain Gorse (born December 14, 1980) is an American entertainment journalist who worked as a correspondent and fill-in anchor for E!: Entertainment Television.
 She joined the network in May 2008.
 Before joining E! News, Gorse was the host of E! News Now.
 Gorse left E! in June 2013.
Hyunju "Juju" Chang (born September 17, 1965) is an American television journalist for ABC News, and currently serves as an anchor of "Nightline".
 She previously served as a special correspondent and fill-in anchor for "Nightline".
 Previously she was the news anchor for ABC News’ morning news program "Good Morning America" from 2009–2011.
William Russell Geist (born May 3, 1975) is an American television personality, journalist and humorist.
 He is co-anchor of MSNBC’s "Morning Joe" and anchor of "Sunday Today with Willie Geist".
 Geist also frequently serves as fill-in anchor on "Today" for Matt Lauer.
 Geist is a Correspondent for NBC News and NBC Sports, hosting and contributing to NBC's Olympic coverage.
Lisa Cabrera (raised in Washington, Pennsylvania) is an American TV News Reporter and Host.
 She is currently a freelance TV reporter and Host living in New York City with her husband and daughter.
 Cabrera was formerly a fill-in Anchor and Reporter for FOX5 WNYW-TV in New York City.
