The First Battle of Lexington, also known as the Battle of the Hemp Bales or the Siege of Lexington, was an engagement of the American Civil War, occurring from September 12 to September 20, 1861, between the Union Army and the pro-Confederate Missouri State Guard, in Lexington, the county seat of Lafayette County, Missouri.
 The State Guard's victory in this battle bolstered the already-considerable Southern sentiment in the area, and briefly consolidated Missouri State Guard control of the Missouri River Valley in western Missouri.
The Centralia Massacre was an incident during the American Civil War in which twenty-four unarmed Union soldiers were captured and executed at Centralia, Missouri on September 27, 1864 by the pro-Confederate guerrilla leader William T. Anderson.
 Future outlaw Jesse James was among the guerrillas.
The history of Washington in the American Civil War is atypical, as the territory was the most remote from the battlefields of the American Civil War.
 The territory raised a small number of volunteers for the Union Army, who did not fight against the Confederate States Army but instead maintained defensive positions against possible foreign naval or land attacks.
 Although the Indian Wars in Washington were recent, there were no Indian hostilities within the area of modern Washington, unlike the rest of the western states and territories, during the Civil War.
 At the start of the American Civil War, modern-day Washington was part of the Washington Territory.
 On March 3, 1863, the Idaho Territory was formed from that territory, consisting of the entirety of modern-day Idaho, Montana, and all but southwest Wyoming leaving the modern-day Washington as Washington Territory.
Webster County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 13,621.
 Its county seat is Dixon.
 It is the southernmost county in the Evansville, IN–KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The county was formed in 1860 from parts of Henderson, Hopkins, and Union Counties and named for American statesman Daniel Webster (1782-1852).
 It was mainly pro-Confederate during the American Civil War and was the site several skirmishes and some guerrilla warfare.
 It is a prohibition or dry county.
The Battle of Liberty (also known as the Battle of Blue Mills Landing or the Battle of Blue Mills) was a battle of the American Civil War that took place on 17 September 1861, in Clay County, Missouri.
 Union forces unsuccessfully attempted to prevent pro-Confederate Missouri State Guards from northern Missouri from crossing the Missouri River near the confluence with the Blue River to reinforce Sterling Price at Lexington.
Robert Leroy Parker (April 13, 1866 – November 7, 1908), better known as Butch Cassidy, was a notorious American train robber and bank robber, and the leader of a gang of criminal outlaws known as the "Wild Bunch" in the American Old West.
Jesse Woodson James (September 5, 1847April 3, 1882) was an American outlaw, bank and train robber, guerrilla, and leader of the James–Younger Gang.
 Raised in the "Little Dixie" area of western Missouri, James and his family maintained strong Southern sympathies.
 He and his brother Frank James joined pro-Confederate guerrillas known as "bushwhackers" operating in Missouri and Kansas during the American Civil War.
 As followers of William Quantrill and "Bloody Bill" Anderson, they were accused of participating in atrocities against Union soldiers and civilian abolitionists, including the Centralia Massacre in 1864.
Nancy Hart Douglas (1846–19??)
 was a scout, guide, and spy for the Confederacy during the American Civil War.
 Serving first with the Moccasin Rangers, a pro-Confederate guerrilla group in present-day West Virginia, she later joined the Confederate Army and continued to serve as a guide and spy under General Stonewall Jackson.
William T. Anderson (1840 – October 26, 1864)—known as "Bloody Bill" Anderson—was one of the deadliest and most brutal pro-Confederate guerrilla leaders in the American Civil War.
 Anderson led a band that targeted Union loyalists and Federal soldiers in Missouri and Kansas.
Archie Clement (January 1, 1846 – December 13, 1866), also known as "Little Arch", was a pro-Confederate guerrilla leader during the American Civil War, known for his brutality towards Union soldiers and pro-Union civilians in the state of Missouri.
