Introspective is the fourth studio album recorded by Amber Smith.
 The album was recorded at the Podium Studios in Budapest, Hungary in 2007.
 The album was mixed by Chris Brown, who previously worked on Radiohead's The Bends album, and it was mastered at Foon Mastering Studios in Belgium.
 The album was released by the Lithuanian label as CD and digitally.
Kid A is the fourth studio album by the English rock band Radiohead, released on 2 October 2000 by Parlophone.
 On the verge of a breakdown after promoting Radiohead's 1997 album "OK Computer", songwriter Thom Yorke envisioned a radical change in direction.
 Radiohead replaced their rock sound with synthesisers, drum machines, the ondes Martenot, string orchestras and brass instruments.
 They incorporated influences from genres such as electronic music, krautrock, jazz, and 20th-century classical music.
 They recorded "Kid A" with "OK Computer" producer Nigel Godrich in Paris, Copenhagen, Gloucestershire and their hometown Oxford, England.
 The sessions produced over 20 tracks, and Radiohead split the work in two albums: "Kid A" and "Amnesiac".
 The latter was released the following year.
Joseph Adam "Joe" Jonas (born August 15, 1989) is an American singer and actor.
 Jonas first rose to fame as a member of the pop-rock band Jonas Brothers, along with his brothers Kevin and Nick.
 The band's debut album, "It's About Time" (2006), was a commercial failure following a limited release.
 The group signed with Hollywood Records, and in 2007 released their eponymous second studio album.
 The album went on to be a commercial success for the group, selling over two million copies in the United States alone.
 The group became heavily involved with the Disney Channel and later made their film debut in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock" (2008).
 The film and its soundtrack became a major hit for the network and helped propel the brothers into further commercial success.
 Their third studio album, "A Little Bit Longer" (2008), became their first to top the "Billboard" 200 and went on to become their highest selling album to date.
 The album's lead single became a top five hit in the United States.
 Their fourth studio album, "Lines, Vines and Trying Times" (2009) became their second to top the charts in the United States.
 The brothers also starred in two of their Disney Channel series from 2009 to 2010, being "JONAS L.A." and "".
 In 2010, the group starred in "", reprising their roles from the original film.
"The National Anthem" is a song by the English rock band Radiohead, and the third track from their fourth studio album, "Kid A".
 The song is moored to a repetitive bassline, has a processed electronic production and develops in a direction influenced by jazz.
 The song was written by Radiohead, who co-produced it with Nigel Godrich.
 It has been played frequently at Radiohead concerts since the release of "Kid A" in 2000.
 It received polarised reviews by critics.
American singer Britney Spears made her chart debut in November 1998 with "...Baby One More Time", which attained global success and reached the top position of every major countries charts.
 It was followed by the release of her debut studio album, "...Baby One More Time", which opened at number one on the Canadian Albums Chart and US "Billboard" 200, being later certified fourteen-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 Spears' second studio album, "Oops!
... I Did It Again", was released on May 16, 2000, and became the fastest-selling album ever by a female act in the US with 1,319,193 units sold in its opening week.
 It spawned four singles: "Oops!
... I Did It Again", "Lucky", "Stronger", and "Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know".
 In November 2001, Spears' self-titled album spawned worldwide hit "I'm a Slave 4 U", which is notable for being a musical departure from her previous material.
 After a two-year break, Spears's fourth studio album, "In the Zone", was released in November 2003.
 The album featured "Me Against the Music", a collaboration with Madonna that reached the top position of the European Hot 100 Singles, and "Toxic", which earned Spears her first Grammy in the category of Best Dance Recording and gained her credibility among critics.
 Her first compilation album, "", was released the following year and sold nearly 6 million copies worldwide.
Fake Nudes is an upcoming studio album by Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies.
 It is the band's twelfth full-length original-material studio album, and the band's fourth studio album since the departure of founding member Steven Page in February 2009.
 It was recorded from January to February 2017 at Noble Street Studios in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and is scheduled to be released on November 17, 2017.
 The album was formally announced on September 5, 2017 and was made available for pre-order on September 8, 2017.
 Online pre-orders include six instant-gratification downloads, released two per month (including two on the pre-order date): "Bringing It Home", and the lead single, "Lookin' Up".
 The album's lead song, "Canada Dry", was released for download on September 22, 2017.
 The band recorded the album with producer Gavin Brown, who has produced several recordings for the band and its members since 2013.
"Everything in Its Right Place" is a song by the English rock band Radiohead.
 It is the opening track on their fourth studio album "Kid A" (2000).
 The song has been covered by several other artists, has been featured heavily on Radiohead's set lists and received positive reviews from critics.
All Samples Cleared!
 is the fourth studio album by Biz Markie (the title was a reference to the court battle over an illegal sample he used on his 1991 song "Alone Again").
 Produced by Biz Markie and his cousin Cool V, it was released on June 2, 1993 and was Biz Markie's final studio album released by Cold Chillin'/Warner Bros.
 Records.
 The album was not much of a success, only peaking at #43 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, though the single "Let Me Turn You On" made it to #7 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 This would also mark Biz Markie's last studio album until 2003's "Weekend Warrior".
American singer and songwriter Jake Owen has released five studio albums, one extended play, and 17 singles.
 Signed to RCA Nashville in 2006, he made his chart debut that same year with "Yee Haw".
 Of Owen's 17 singles, six have reached number one on the country charts: "Barefoot Blue Jean Night", "Alone with You", "The One That Got Away", and "Anywhere with You"; all from his third studio album, "Barefoot Blue Jean Night"; "Beachin'" from his fourth studio album, "Days of Gold"; as well as "American Country Love Song" from his fifth studio album, "American Love".
Reptilectric is the fourth studio album by Mexican rock band Zoé, released in October 2008 through EMI Music.
 It was produced by Phil Vinall, who had previously worked with Radiohead and Placebo.
 The album debuted at number one in the Mexican sales charts and awarded Zoe's second platinum award for 80,000 copies sold in Mexico alone.
 On November 25th, 2009, Zoé received three Premios OYE!
 2009 for Album, Group and Video of Year.
