The Lost City (B4) is a "Dungeons & Dragons" adventure module by Tom Moldvay.
 It was first published by TSR in 1982 and was designed as a stand-alone adventure for use with the "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set".
 The working title for the module was "The Lost City of Cynidecia".
 Moldvay designed the module to give novice Dungeon Masters experience fleshing out adventures and is only partially complete.
 The module is described as a low-level scenario, in which the only hope of the player characters' survival can be found in a ruined city slowly rising out of the sands.
 The adventure is set inside a huge step pyramid, with the lower pyramid only sketched out and the city itself described with a list of the major areas and a map.
 The adventure’s main villain is Zargon, a giant one-eyed monster and his minions.
 The entire double pyramid, not including the city, contains over 100 rooms.
Dungeons & Dragons Immortals Rules, written by Frank Mentzer, is a boxed set for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game first published by TSR in 1986 as an expansion to the "Basic Set".
The Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set is a set of rulebooks for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game.
 First published in 1977, it saw a handful of revisions and reprintings.
 The first edition was written by J. Eric Holmes based on Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson's original work.
 Later editions were edited by Tom Moldvay, Dave Cook, and Frank Mentzer.
The New Easy-to-Master Dungeons & Dragons Game is an introductory set for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published by TSR, Inc. in 1991.
 It was a replacement for the previous "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set", serving to introduce new players to the game, using the rule set previously established.
Rahasia is an adventure module published by TSR, Inc. in 1984, for the "Basic Set" rules of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
 Its product designation is TSR 9115.
 The book was designed by Tracy and Laura Hickman, and features artwork by Jeff Easley and Timothy Truman.
In Search of Adventure is an abridged compilation adventure module published by TSR, Inc. in 1987, for the "Basic Set" of the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game.
 Its product designation was TSR 9190.
 This 160-page book features cover artwork by Keith Parkinson.
The Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia is a 1991 book published by TSR, Inc., as a continuation of the basic edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, which ran concurrently with "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons".
 Its product designation was TSR 1071.
The Keep on the Borderlands is a "Dungeons & Dragons" module by Gary Gygax, first printed in December 1979.
 In it, player characters are based at a keep and investigate a nearby series of caves that are filled with a variety of monsters.
 It was designed to be used with the "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set", and was included in the 1979–1982 editions of the "Basic Set".
 It was designed for people new to "Dungeons & Dragons".
AC2 Combat Shield and Mini-Adventure is a 14-page accessory designed for the Basic Set and Expert Set of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
 It was published in 1984 by TSR, Inc. and written by David Cook.
The Dungeons & Dragons Companion Set is an expansion boxed set for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game.
 It was first published in 1984 as an expansion to the "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set".
