Red Dust is a 1932 American pre-Code, romantic drama film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Clark Gable, Jean Harlow, and Mary Astor.
 The film is based on the 1928 play of the same name by Wilson Collison, and was adapted for the screen by John Mahin.
 "Red Dust" is the second of six movies Gable and Harlow made together, and was produced during the pre-code era of Hollywood.
 More than 20 years later, Gable starred in a remake, "Mogambo" (1953), with Ava Gardner starring in a variation on the Harlow role and Grace Kelly playing a part similar to one portrayed by Mary Astor in "Red Dust".
The Lost Squadron is a 1932 American pre-Code action film starring Richard Dix, Mary Astor, and Robert Armstrong, with Erich von Stroheim and Joel McCrea in supporting roles, and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
 The film is about three World War I pilots who find jobs after the war as Hollywood stunt fliers.
 The much-later "The Great Waldo Pepper" (1975) employed a similar theme.
 "The Lost Squadron" was the first RKO production to carry the screen credit "Executive Producer, David O. Selznick".
Young America is a 1932 American Pre-Code film first adapted for the screen by Maurine Watkins from the play by Fred Ballard (Copyright 1931, Premier Syndicate Hollywood, Sept. 2).
 William M. Conselman rewrote the screenplay and Maurine Watkins' name no longer appeared on the credits (per American Film Institute catalog).
 The film was directed by Frank Borzage, whose son, Raymond Borzage, plays Edward 'Nutty' Beamish in the film.
The Thirteenth Guest is a 1932 American pre-Code mystery comedy thriller film, released on August 9, 1932.
 The film is also known as Lady Beware in the United Kingdom.
 It is based on the 1929 novel by crime fiction writer Armitage Trail best known for writing the novel "Scarface", on which the 1932 movie was based.
 The novel was again brought to the silver in screen in 1943 as "Mystery of the 13th Guest".
The Match King is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film made by First National Pictures, directed by William Keighley and Howard Bretherton.
 The film starred Warren William and Lili Damita, and follows the rise and fall of Swedish safety match tycoon Ivar Kreuger.
 Based on the novel by Einar Thorvaldson, the film was released in December 31, 1932.
Hollywood Lights is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle, starring Rita Flynn, Virginia Brooks, Tut Mace, and Ted O'Shea.
Murders in the Rue Morgue is a 1932 American Pre-Code horror film, very loosely based on Edgar Allan Poe's short story "The Murders in the Rue Morgue".
 Bela Lugosi, one year after his performance as Dracula, portrays a lunatic scientist who abducts women and injects them with blood from his ill-tempered caged ape.
 Karl Freund's cinematography and Robert Florey's direction have been praised by critics and characterized as "expressionistic" by Leonard Maltin.
 Despite the film being pre-Code, violent sequences prompted Universal to cut its running time from 80 minutes to 61 minutes.
A Passport to Hell is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and written by Leon Gordon and Bradley King.
 The film stars Elissa Landi, Paul Lukas, Warner Oland, Alexander Kirkland, Donald Crisp and Earle Foxe.
 The film was released on August 14, 1932, by Fox Film Corporation.
Hollywood Luck is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
What Price Hollywood?
 is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by George Cukor and starring Constance Bennett with Lowell Sherman.
 The screenplay by Gene Fowler, Rowland Brown, Ben Markson, and Jane Murfin is based on a story by Adela Rogers St. Johns and Louis Stevens.
