Inulins are a group of naturally occurring polysaccharides produced by many types of plants, industrially most often extracted from chicory.
 The inulins belong to a class of dietary fibers known as fructans. Inulin is used by some plants as a means of storing energy and is typically found in roots or rhizomes. Most plants that synthesize and store inulin do not store other forms of carbohydrate such as starch.
 Using inulin to measure kidney function is the "gold standard" for comparison with other means of estimating creatinine clearance.
South Bergish (German: "Südbergische Dialekte ") or Upper Bergish (German: "Oberbergische Dialekte ") is a group of German dialects of the Bergisches Land Region East of the Rhine and approximately south of the Wupper and north of the Sieg.
 These dialects are part of the Ripuarian group and thus are also called East Ripuarian.
 Ripuarian dialects are also spoken west of the Rhine up to the German border, and in some small areas next to the respective borders in Belgium and in the Netherlands.
 Ripuarian Bergish dialects belong to the Middle German group, and thus are varieties of High German, where they belong to the northmost ones.
 In the North, they border to the East Bergish and the West Bergish aka Low Bergish language groups, which are part of the Low Franconian group like Dutch.
Conophytum is a genus of South African and Namibian succulent plants that belong to the Aizoaceae family.
 The name is derived from the Latin “conus” (cone) and Greek “phytum” (plant).
 The plants are also known as knopies (buttons), waterblasies (water blisters), sphaeroids, conos, cone plants, dumplings, or button plants.
It is not entirely evident who first used the branch plant economy concept; however, it has been extensively used in Canadian and UK literature since the 1970s.
 This concept broadly describes the negative consequences on the growth of the regions whose economies are primarily composed of branch plants that belong to multi-plant firms.
 Since the position of branch plants within the command chain is low, the regions that host these branch plants tended to be remotely controlled by the plant headquarters, which are usually located distantly.
 Authors at that time thought that branch plants might create a short-term boom in the regional economies when initial investments were deployed, or when they performed well owing to external factors such as the sector’s expansion (e.g., the oil industry boom led to an economic boom in Aberdeen).
 That boom, however, did not sustain itself over the long term.
Genoplesium commonly known as midge orchids, is a genus of about 50 species of flowering plants in the orchid family, Orchidaceae and is found in Australia, New Zealand and New Caledonia.
 Midge orchids are terrestrial herbs with a single leaf at the base of the plant.
 They are similar to orchids in the genus "Prasophyllum" in that plants without flowers have a hollow, onion-like leaf.
 The flowers are small but often scented and attractive to their insect pollinators.
 There is disagreement about which species belong to this genus and some taxonomists suggest that most belong in the genus "Corunastylis".
Cyanobionts are cyanobacteria that live in symbiosis with a wide range of organisms such as terrestrial or aquatic plants; as well as, algal and fungal species.
 They can reside within extracellular or intracellular structures of the host.
 In order for a cyanobacterium to successfully form a sybiotic relationship, it must be able to exchange signals with the host, overcome defense mounted by the host, be capable of hormogonia formation, chemotaxis, heterocyst formation, as well as possess adequate resilience to reside in host tissue which may present extreme conditions, such as low oxygen levels, and/or acidic mucilage.
 The most well-known plant-associated cyanobionts belong to the "Nostoc" genus.
 With the ability to differentiate into several cell types that have various functions, members of the genus "Nostoc" have the morphological plasticity, flexibility and adaptability to adjust to a wide range of environmental conditions, contributing to its high capacity to form symbiotic relationships with other organisms.
 Several cyanobionts involved with fungi and marine organisms also belong to the genera "Richelia, Calothrix, Synechocystis, Aphanocapsa" and "Anabaena", as well as the species "Oscillatoria spongeliae".
 Although there are many documented symbioses between cyanobacteria and marine organisms, little is known about the nature of many of these symbioses.
 The possibility of discovering more novel symbiotic relationships is apparent from preliminary microscopic observations.
Carlina is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae.
 It is distributed from Madeira and the Canary Islands across Europe and northern Africa to Siberia and northwestern China.
Dieffenbachia is a genus of tropical flowering plants in the family Araceae.
 It is native to the New World Tropics from Mexico and the West Indies south to Argentina.
 Some species are widely cultivated as ornamental plants, especially as houseplants, and have become naturalized on a few tropical islands.
An ethnic exogroup is a group of people which does not belong to a particular ethnic group.
 Many cultures have terms referring to all outsiders, but in practice this often becomes narrowed to the largest outsider group.
 In particular, exogroup terms used by minorities in a particular country often become specific to the majority in that country rather than applying to other minorities as well.
 Exogroup terms are sometimes considered to be derogatory, depending on the word and the context and manner in which it is used.
 They may be distinguished from ethnic or religious slurs in that they do not necessarily designate a specific group, and instead target all who do not belong to a specific group.
Bognera is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family.
 The single species that makes up the genus is Bognera recondita.
 The word "recondita" means "hidden" referring to the fact that the plant is only found in remote areas of Amazonian Brazil near the Peruvian border.
 The species was discovered in the late 1970s and was originally placed in the genus "Ulearum".
 In 1984 a new genus, "Bognera" named after the German Aroid specialist Josef Bogner, was created for it.
 "Bognera" is believed to be closely related to "Dieffenbachia".
