Live in Verona is a live release by English hard rock band Deep Purple's mk VIII lineup credited as Deep Purple with Orchestra, and performed alongside the Neue Philharmonie Frankfurt conducted by Stephen Bentley-Klein.
 This concert was recorded at the Arena di Verona, a Roman amphitheater originally built in 30 AD, on 18 July 2011.
 Besides a Blu-ray/DVD release, the concert has also been released in Japan on 2CD.
 Film of the concert was released on October 21, 2014 by German label Eagle Rock Entertainment.
 The audio album was released on October 8, 2014 by Ward Records.
Live at Montreux 2011 is a live release by English hard rock band Deep Purple's mk VIII lineup credited as Deep Purple with Orchestra, and performed alongside the Neue Philharmonie Frankfurt conducted by Stephen Bentley-Klein.
 This concert was recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival on 16 July 2011.
 Besides a 2CD release, the concert film has also been released on DVD and Blu-ray.
 All formats were released on 7 November 2011 by German label Eagle Rock Entertainment.
 In 2015 a vinyl collector's edition of the album was released for a Record Store Day.
Funky Junction were an Irish rock band formed in 1972 specifically to record a single album of songs made famous by British band Deep Purple, which was released as "Funky Junction Play a Tribute to Deep Purple" in January 1973.
 Among the band's lineup were all three members of the early 1970s incarnation of Thin Lizzy.
Bonafide is a Swedish hard rock band, formed by singer/guitarist Pontus Snibb in Malmö in 2006.
 Releasing their eponymous debut album the following year and playing two shows at the Sweden Rock Festival in 2008, as well as opening for bands like Deep Purple, Quireboys, and Status Quo, quickly brought them a nationwide audience.
 Their most well-known song, "Fill Your Head With Rock", was written for the aforementioned festival, and has since been named as one of 2011's best songs by Classic Rock Magazine.
Whitesnake are a rock band formed in England in 1978 by David Coverdale, after his departure from his previous band Deep Purple.
 Their early material has been compared by critics to the blues rock of Deep Purple, but they slowly began moving toward a more commercially accessible rock style.
 By the turn of the decade, the band's commercial fortunes changed and they released a string of UK top 10 albums, "Ready an' Willing" (1980), "Come an' Get It" (1981), "Saints & Sinners" (1982) and "Slide It In" (1984), the last of which was their first to chart in the US and is certified 2x platinum.
John Douglas Lord (9 June 194116 July 2012) was an English composer, pianist, and Hammond organ player known for his pioneering work in fusing rock with classical or baroque forms, especially with Deep Purple, as well as Whitesnake, Paice Ashton Lord, The Artwoods, and The Flower Pot Men.
 In 1968, Lord co-founded Deep Purple, a hard rock band of which he was regarded as the leader until 1970.
 Together with the other members, he collaborated on most of his band's most popular songs.
 He and drummer Ian Paice were the only continuous presence in the band during the period from 1968 to 1976, and also from when it was reestablished in 1984 until Lord's retirement from Deep Purple in 2002.
 On 11 November 2010, he was inducted as an Honorary Fellow of Stevenson College in Edinburgh, Scotland.
 On 15 July 2011, he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Music degree at De Montfort Hall by the University of Leicester.
 Lord was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on 8 April 2016 as a member of Deep Purple.
Deep Purple are an English rock band formed in Hertford in 1968.
 The band is considered to be among the pioneers of heavy metal and modern hard rock, although their musical approach changed over the years.
 Originally formed as a progressive rock band, the band shifted to a heavier sound in 1970.
 Deep Purple, together with Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath, have been referred to as the "unholy trinity of British hard rock and heavy metal in the early to mid-seventies".
 They were listed in the 1975 "Guinness Book of World Records" as "the globe's loudest band" for a 1972 concert at London's Rainbow Theatre, and have sold over 100 million albums worldwide.
WhoCares was a supergroup formed by Ian Gillan of Deep Purple and Tony Iommi of Black Sabbath in 2011 with the participation of a great number of rock artists as a charity project to raise money to rebuild a music school in Gyumri, Armenia after the destruction of the city in the 1988 earthquake in Armenia.
 The album sold more than 20,000 copies in Europe.
Deep Purple are an English hard rock band from Hertford, Hertfordshire.
 Originally known as Roundabout, the group formed in March 1968 featuring vocalist Rod Evans, guitarist Ritchie Blackmore, bassist Nick Simper, drummer Ian Paice and keyboardist Jon Lord.
 This first lineup of the band, known as Mark I, released three albums within the space of a year – "Shades of Deep Purple", "The Book of Taliesyn" and "Deep Purple" – before Evans and Simper were fired from the band at the request of Blackmore and Lord.
 Mark II of Deep Purple saw Ian Gillan and Roger Glover replace Evans and Simper, respectively, in the summer of 1969.
 This lineup of the band has since been identified as their most successful, with their next four albums reaching the top four of the UK Albums Chart, including number-one albums "Fireball" and "Machine Head".
Safari Records was an UK independent record label based in London and operating between 1977 and 1985.
 Safari Records was formed early in 1977 by Tony Edwards (former co-manager of Deep Purple), Andreas Budde (the son of German music publisher Rolf Budde) and John Craig who previously ran Purple and Oyster Records.
 With the label's founders living in Paris, Berlin and London respectively, the plan was to develop a pan-European record company that would release pop records.
 Licensing deals were struck with Teldec in Germany and Disques Vogue in France, in the UK its product was pressed and distributed by Pye and later by Spartan Records.
 Most notable of the label's acts were Wayne County, The Boys, Toyah and the South Africa's first multiracial band Juluka.
