Bengt Mikael Stanne (born 20 May 1974) is the vocalist & one of the lyricists (also previously rhythm guitarist) for the Swedish melodic death metal band, Dark Tranquillity and the ex-vocalist for Swedish power metal band HammerFall.
High Rise is the first studio EP by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots, released on October 8, 2013 through Play Pen, LLC.
 It is the first release by the band without former lead vocalist Scott Weiland, who was fired from the band in February 2013.
 It instead features Chester Bennington of Linkin Park on lead vocals, and the band is credited on the EP as "Stone Temple Pilots with Chester Bennington".
 However, this would prove to be the sole release to feature Bennington before his departure from the band in 2015 and death in 2017.
Vengeance Descending is a double CD reissue by the Greek/Swedish melodic death metal band, Nightrage.
 It was released by Century Media Records on November 19, 2010.
 The Sweet Vengeance disc features the bonus track "Gloomy Daydreams" which is a demo version from either their first or second demo which was only for Japanese releases.
 The Descent into Chaos disc features the song "Black Skies" which was also the Japanese bonus track for that album.
 This disc also comes with the previously unreleased track "Gallant Deeds" which was sung entirely by Mikael Stanne.
The Hunting Party Tour was the eleventh concert tour by American alternative metal band Linkin Park.
 It was launched in support of Linkin Park's sixth studio album, "The Hunting Party" (2014).
 The tour was partially announced in May 2014 through a teaser released after the release of trailer of a co-headlined tour "Carnivores Tour" by Linkin Park and Thirty Seconds to Mars.
 Later, the tour was officially announced on November 23 with a whole trailer in promotion.
 Its first leg under the name "European Tour" began on May 30, 2014, in Lisboa, Portugal, and ended on June 14 in Castle Donington, England, where they played "Hybrid Theory" as a whole album.
 The tour features special guests Of Mice & Men and Rise Against.
 On January 15, 2015, the band begun the "world" tour for The Hunting Party with the first leg under "North American Tour".
 During a show at Indianapolis, Chester Bennington injured his leg, which led to the cancellation of the tour "North American Tour".
 The band continued the world tour on May 9, performing at the first edition of Rock In Rio in America.
 It is the last full tour to feature Chester Bennington as vocalist before his death in 2017.
The Gallery is the second full-length studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity, released on November 27, 1995.
 It was the first full-length release to feature Mikael Stanne.
Skydancer is the debut studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band, Dark Tranquillity.
 This release was the last recorded output to feature vocalist Anders Fridén, later of In Flames, who was fired and replaced by then rhythm guitarist, Mikael Stanne.
 Incidentally, Mikael Stanne was the lead vocalist on the first In Flames studio album, "Lunar Strain".
Niklas Sundin (born 13 August 1974 in Sweden), is a musician best known as the guitarist of bands Dark Tranquillity and Laethora.
 He is one of only two members (the other being drummer Anders Jivarp) to maintain a role as guitarist of Dark Tranquillity, unlike others in the band who have switched their roles or are not in the band anymore.
 He also wrote some of the lyrics for the first three and recent two Dark Tranquillity albums (since "Projector" and until "Fiction" lead singer, Mikael Stanne, has written all of Dark Tranquillity's lyrics) and In Flames' album "The Jester Race", and continued to translate In Flames vocalist Anders Fridén's lyrics from Swedish to English for the next few albums while Anders worked to become more proficient in English.
"Talking to Myself" is a song by American rock band Linkin Park.
 The song is the second single from their seventh studio album, "One More Light" and was released on July 25, 2017.
 The music video was released on July 20, 2017, the same day that Linkin Park's lead vocalist, Chester Bennington, was found dead by suicide.
 It is Chester Bennington's first posthumously released single.
Damage Done is the sixth full-length studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity.
 Here, the band returns to a more classic style while holding the new changes made in their albums "Haven" and "Projector", especially in the keyboards, but this is the first record since "Projector" that does not feature clean vocals.
 Martin Henriksson started doing some "lead guitar riffs" on the record, so the band showed influences from "The Gallery" in the duality of lead guitars.
 Mikael Stanne said that the lyrics on this album are about the frailty of life.
Of Chaos and Eternal Night is an EP by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity.
 It includes a re-recorded version of the "Skydancer" track; "Alone", with Mikael Stanne's vocals instead of Anders Fridén's.
 The EP became a reissue as Skydancer/Of Chaos and Eternal Night.
 Fredrik Nordström contributes keyboards on the EP as well as producing it.
