The South Carolina Governor's Mansion (or the South Carolina Executive Mansion) is a historic U.S. governor's mansion in the Arsenal Hill neighborhood of Columbia, South Carolina and the official residence of the Governor of South Carolina.
 It is a Federal style home influenced by British Colonial plantations.
 The building has a white stucco exterior and originally served as faculty quarters for the Arsenal Academy which together with the Citadel Academy in Charleston formed The South Carolina Military Academy (now The Citadel).
 The Arsenal was burned along with the city of Columbia by Sherman's forces in February, 1865; the structure was the only surviving building and became South Carolina's executive mansion in 1868 On June 5, 1970, the building was registered with the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The mansion is located on a single city block, and is surrounded by magnolia plants, elm and oak trees, and various other plants.
 It is accessed by a circular driveway around a fountain in front on the residence's main entrance.
 Scott Bolser oversees maintenance of the historic grounds at the mansion.
 The building has a flat roof and a large central pavilion around the main entrance.
 The mansion has 15 rooms (excluding powder rooms, security and staff offices, and the kitchen).
 It is located in Columbia Historic District I.
The Vanderbilt Mansion National Historic Site is a historic house museum in Hyde Park, New York.
 It became a National Historic Landmark and started operation under the National Park Service in 1940.
 The mansion, known as Hyde Park, was the Gilded Age home of Frederick William Vanderbilt and his family from 1895 to 1938.
St. James Episcopal Church is a parish church of the Episcopal Diocese of New York, located at 4526 Albany Post Road (U.S. Route 9) in Hyde Park, New York, across the street from the Vanderbilt Mansion National Historic Site.
 The church is associated with Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the 32nd President of the United States, whose family estate is located 2.7 miles south of the church.
 Roosevelt served in the vestry and as senior warden of the church, even during his presidency, and he, his wife Eleanor, and their family regularly attended service there whenever they were in Hyde Park.
The Breakers is a Vanderbilt mansion located on Ochre Point Avenue, Newport, Rhode Island, United States on the Atlantic Ocean.
 The building became a National Historic Landmark in 1994, and is a contributing property to the Bellevue Avenue Historic District.
 It is owned and operated by the Preservation Society of Newport County and is open for visitation on a year-round basis.
The York Cliffs Historic District is located on Agamenticus Avenue in York, Maine.
 The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 26, 1984.
 It encompasses a collection of eight late Victorian summer mansions built as part of an exclusive development by the York Cliffs Company between 1890 and 1902, representing one of the finest such collections remaining on the coast of Maine.
 The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Shadow Brook Farm Historic District is located in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
 It is a historic district that includes six re-purposed farm buildings related to the former 'Shadowbrook' mansion destroyed by fire in 1956.
 Designed by architect H. Neill Wilson with landscaping by Frederick Law Olmsted, the mansion and farm buildings were built for Anson Phelps Stokes in 1893.
 Andrew Carnegie acquired Shadowbrook in 1917 and died there in 1919.
 It served as a Jesuit novitiate from 1922 until 1970.
 Following the fire, a non-equivalent structure of the same name took its place.
 Today the historic district primarily encompasses Berkshire Country Day School, which acquired its campus from the Stokes family in 1963.
 The historic district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Sleepy Hollow Country Club is a historic country club in Scarborough-on-Hudson in Briarcliff Manor, New York.
 The club was founded in 1911, and its clubhouse was known as Woodlea, a 140-room Vanderbilt mansion owned by Colonel Elliott Fitch Shepard and his wife Margaret Louisa Vanderbilt Shepard.
 It was built in 189295 at a cost of $2 million ($ in 2016 ) and was designed by the architectural firm McKim, Mead & White; the estate became a contributing property to the Scarborough Historic District (on the National Register of Historic Places) in 1984.
Pine Tree Point was the Adirondack Great Camp on Upper St. Regis Lake of Frederick William Vanderbilt, a director of the New York Central Railroad for 61 years.
 Vanderbilt maintained residences in New York City at 450 Fifth Avenue, Hyde Park ("Vanderbilt Mansion National Historic Site"), Newport ("Rough Point"), and Bar Harbor ("Sonogee").
The East Spring Street Historic District is a national historic district located at New Albany, Indiana.
 The general area is E. Fifth Street to the west, Spring St. to the north, E. Eighth Street to the east, and Market Street to the south.
 The Cedar Bough Place Historic District is one block north of the area, the New Albany Downtown Historic District is immediately west of the area, and the Market Street section of the Mansion Row Historic District starts.
 The district encompasses 84 contributing buildings in a largely residential section of New Albany.
 It developed in the late-19th and early-20th century and includes notable examples of Queen Anne and Italianate style architecture.
 Notable buildings include the Third Presbyterian Church (now First Baptist Church, 1853, 1955), St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church and Rectory (1858, 1886), the former John Conner House or Masonic Lodge (c. 1850), and Edwards City Hospital (c. 1890).
The Ochre Point–Cliffs Historic District is a historic district in Newport, Rhode Island.
 The district includes a significant subset of the Bellevue Avenue Historic District, a National Historic Landmark District, including all of the major Gilded Age mansions on the waterfront facing Easton Bay between Memorial Boulevard and Marine Avenue.
 The district is home to famous mansions such as the William Watts Sherman House and The Breakers, one of the largest houses in the area built by the Vanderbilt Family.
 The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
