Casino Classics is a multi-CD remix compilation album by Saint Etienne.
 The first CD collects many of the remixes featured as B-sides on the band's singles from 1990 to 1995.
 The second contains rarer remixes (such as Underworld's remix of "Cool Kids of Death") and newly commissioned remixes.
 Disc one was originally a bonus CD released with limited copies of "Too Young to Die - The Singles".
 Disc two features four previously unavailable songs.
 Early copies came in a card slipcase with a round sticker.
 An expanded, four-disc version of the compilation was released in 2012 with a revised running order.
 The band also released a fifth disc as a download-only extra.
Ooooooweeee!!!
 is the third album of singer Dusty Springfield to be released in the USA, issued on the Philips Records label in 1965 and including the hit single "Losing You".
 Even more so than Springfield's two first US albums, "Ooooooweeee!!!"
 can be considered as a compilation since it comprises tracks both from her British debut album "A Girl Called Dusty" as well as recordings originally issued on various A- and B-side singles and EP's - recorded and released in the UK over a period of some eighteen months.
 "Ooooooweeee!!!"
 also features tracks from Springfield's September 1964 sessions in New York, produced by Shelby Singleton Jr, some of which would remain unreleased in her native Britain until 1998, and the CD re-issue of the 1965 album "Ev'rything's Coming Up Dusty".
The Look of Love is the fifth album by singer Dusty Springfield to be released in the US, issued on the Philips Records label in late 1967.
 It gathered seven tracks from Springfield's British 1967 album "Where Am I Going?
" with both the A- and B-sides of the singles "Give Me Time"/"The Look of Love" and "What's It Gonna Be"/"Small Town Girl" and became Springfield's final release on the Philips label in the US.
 In early 1968 she signed with Atlantic Records in America and as a consequence her 1968 album "Dusty... Definitely", recorded for Philips in the UK, was never issued in the US at the time and her next LP to be released on the North American market instead became her keynote work "Dusty in Memphis".
 The tracks from the entire "Dusty...Definitely" album, the British recordings on the 1972 release "See All Her Faces" as well as a series of A- and B-side singles recorded in the UK between the years 1968 and 1972 were all first issued in the US in 1999 on the Rhino/Atlantic Records compilation "Dusty in London".
Songs I'll Always Sing is a two-record compilation album by American country music singer and songwriter Merle Haggard and The Strangers, released in 1977.
 It reached #15 in the US Country Charts.
 The album collects many of Haggard's best known recordings during his successful run at the label, including nine of his twenty-four #1 hits dating back to 1966.
See All Her Faces is the seventh studio album by singer Dusty Springfield, originally released on the Philips Records label in 1972.
 It contains a mixture of tracks from different recording sessions; some tracks were recorded with Jeff Barry for an aborted third album for Atlantic Records, other tracks were recorded for Philips in the UK between April and July 1970 – these came to be Springfield's final recordings with longtime producer and arranger Johnny Franz.
 Some, such as "Willie and Laura Mae Jones", recorded with Jerry Wexler, Tom Dowd and Arif Mardin, had been previously released as singles in the US.
 "See All Her Faces" collects many of those tracks, recorded from 1969 to 1971, placing seven of the British recordings on Side A, while Side B comprises tracks recorded both in the UK and the US.
 As a result, the album has no cohesive sound, but offers many different styles of music.
 The album boasts eight producers, including Springfield herself.
 It has been suggested that "See All Her Faces" is best appreciated track by track, rather than as a whole stylistic statement, as her album "Dusty in Memphis" is often praised to be.
Best Dressed Chicken in Town is the debut album by Jamaican deejay Dr. Alimantado.
 It was first released in 1978, and collects many of his self-produced singles from 1972 to 1977, employing the engineering talents of Lee "Scratch" Perry, King Tubby, and Scientist.
 It was the first album released by Greensleeves Records, and found favour with followers of both reggae and punk rock in the United Kingdom.
 The album employed several major hits as the basis for the tracks, including Horace Andy's versions of "Ain't No Sunshine" (on the title track) and "A Quiet Place" ("Poison Flour" and "I Shall Fear No Evil"), John Holt's "Ali Baba" ("I Killed the Barber"), and Gregory Isaacs' "Thief a Man" (on "Gimmie Mi Gun") and "My Religion" ("Unitone Skank").
 The album was described by "The Independent" as "one of the finest albums from reggae's golden age".
Crucial!
 Roots Classics is a compilation album by Bunny Wailer, released through RAS Records in 1994.
 The album collects many non-album singles from the early 1980s and also several tracks from the album Struggle which has otherwise not appeared on CD.
COM LAG (2plus2isfive) is the sixth compilation EP by the English rock band Radiohead, released in March 2004 in Japan and Australia.
 It is collects many of the B-sides from the singles from their 2003 album "Hail to the Thief", along with some live tracks and remixes by Cristian Vogel and Four Tet.
Barbed Wire Kisses (B-Sides and More) is a compilation of singles, b-sides and rare tracks by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain.
 Throughout the 1980s the band was known for their prodigious output in these formats, often in limited editions which quickly went out of print.
 This album collects many of those releases spanning the band's career up to that point.
The Best of 1990–2000 is the second greatest hits compilation album by Irish rock band U2.
 The album was released on 5 November 2002 through Island Records, except in the United States where the album was released on the Interscope label as a single-disc CD compilation.
 The Best of 1990–2000 & B-Sides was released on the same day with a second disc featuring 14 of the b-side singles released from 1990 to 2000 and a bonus DVD with a trailer for the album and three other segments.
 A video album of the same name was later released in December 2002 (see 2002 in music).
