Joe Carollo (born March 12, 1955), is a Cuban American politician who served as mayor of Miami, Florida.
 Defeated in a run-off by former mayor Xavier Suarez, his campaign filed a successful legal change based on voter fraud, becoming mayor in 1998 until 2001.
 Born in Caibarién, Cuba in 1955, Carollo moved to Miami when he was fifteen years old, having previously lived in Chicago.
 Carollo was mayor of Miami during the Elián González scandal.
 As mayor, Carollo supported the efforts of Elian's Miami family to keep the boy in the United States, and criticized the U.S. and Cuban governments for the raid to retrieve Elián.
 Carollo lost his bid for re-election in 2001, and former mayor Maurice Ferre ran and lost against Manny Diaz, a lawyer who had represented the Miami family of Elián González.
The Royal Far West Children's Health Scheme also known as Royal Far West is an Australian not for profit charity based in Manly, New South Wales that provides specialist medical care and allied health support services for children from remote areas of the state.
 It was founded in 1924 by Methodist missionary Reverend Stanley Drummond in Cobar.
 Royal Far West provides children and their families with beachside accommodation, schooling as well as educational and recreational excursions across Manly and Sydney while receiving free medical treatment.
 The patron of Royal Far West is Governor of New South Wales, Professor Marie Bashir.
Trakai (   ) (see names section for alternate and historic names) is a historic city and lake resort in Lithuania.
 It lies 28 km west of Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania.
 Because of its proximity to Vilnius, Trakai is a popular tourist destination.
 Trakai is the administrative centre of Trakai district municipality.
 The town covers 497.1 km2 of area and, according to 2007 estimates, is inhabited by 5,357 people.
 A notable feature of Trakai is that the town was built and preserved by people of different nationalities.
 Historically, communities of Karaims, Tatars, Lithuanians, Russians, Jews and Poles lived here.
Edmundas Zenonas Malūkas (born 15 April 1945) is a Lithuanian writer, published author and politician.
 He is also the former mayor of Trakai, a historic city and lake resort in Lithuania.
Wandawega Lake and Wandawega Lake Resort (Camp Wandewega) are located in Elkhorn, Wisconsin.
 The historic Camp Wandawega (formerly Wandawega Inn, Wandawega Hotel, and Wandawega Lake Resort) is listed on the Wisconsin Register of Historic Places.
 The camp buildings dates to the 1920s when the modest resort was built and operated as a brothel and speakeasy.
 After many run-ins with the law, the madam, Annie Peck, was finally convicted of running "a bawdy house of ill fame", and sent to the women's prison in Taycheeday, WI in 1942.
 Her husband Gordon Peck was also convicted and served time.
 The resort was reopened circa 1950 as the Wandawega Lake Resort.
 The property was purchased by a Latvian order of Catholic priests in 1961.
 The Latvian Marian Fathers used the property as a Latvian Catholic cultural retreat center, including an informal kid's camp in the 1970s.
 The current owners, David Hernandez and Tereasa Surratt, advertising executives from Chicago, have been restoring the property since 2004.
 Hernandez attended the camp as a child, as he is half-Latvian and his family were regulars there from the 1960s to the 1980s.
 The camp is on 25 acres and includes a 3-story hotel, lodge, cottages, and historic memorabilia.
Howard C. Packett is a former mayor of Salem, Virginia.
 Under Salem's electoral system, the mayor is a member of the city council selected by the other members to serve as mayor.
 Packett was elected to his final term on the city council in May 2004, and served that term until 2008.
 Packett served on the council for 24 years.
 Packett became mayor in 2006 when former mayor Carl Tarpley decided not to seek another term.
 Randy Foley replaced Packett as mayor in 2008.
WGR, or WGR Sports Radio 550, is an all sports radio station in Buffalo, New York that broadcasts on 550 AM.
 It is the flagship station of the Buffalo Bills and Buffalo Sabres, carrying a mostly locally originated sports talk and play-by-play lineup.
 Its studios are located in Amherst, New York, and transmitter in suburban Hamburg, New York.
 Although it has a power of 5,000 watts, during the day its signal can be heard as far north as Barrie, Peterborough and Kingston, Ontario, as far west as Windsor, Ontario, as far east as Syracuse, and as far south as Sandusky, OH and Youngstown, Ohio.
 At night its signal can be heard as far north as Sudbury, Barrie and Peterborough, Ontario, as far west as Guelph, Kitchener and Waterloo, Ontario, as far east as Batavia, and as far south as Jamestown and Olean.
 In nearby Erie, Pennsylvania the station has a city-grade signal, primarily in Erie's eastern suburbs.
 Under ownership of Entercom, its studios are located on Corporate Parkway in Amherst, New York.
Royal Lake Resort is an unincorporated community in Clinton County, Illinois, United States.
 Royal Lake Resort is 3.5 mi south-southwest of Carlyle.
The Far West (Chinese and Japanese: 泰西: "tàixī; "rōmaji": taisei " ) is a Chinese and Japanese term that refers to Europe, or more broadly, to the entire Western world.
 Originally a name for parts of Inner Asia and India, the term Far West as a Chinese exonym for the West was coined by the Italian Jesuit priest Matteo Ricci.
 Ricci invented the phrase as an Asian parallel to the Eurocentric notion of the Far East, which positioned Europe as a region on the fringes of a Sinocentric world.
 The term Far West was also used in Japan and appears in many Japanese publications.
Camp Far West Reservoir (also known as Camp Far West Lake) is a small reservoir in the foothills of Northern California located approximately 8 miles east of Wheatland, California and 45 miles northeast of Sacramento.
 The lake also forms the meeting point of three California counties, Placer, Nevada and Yuba Bear River and Rock Creek, near what was formerly the confluence of the two streams.
 The dam was constructed in 1963 as part of the California State Water Project to control flooding in the Central Valley (California), and to provide hydroelectric power to the surrounding area.
 The facility is owned and operated by the South Sutter Water District.
