Pensacola International Airport (IATA: PNS, ICAO: KPNS, FAA LID: PNS) , formerly Pensacola Gulf Coast Regional Airport and Pensacola Regional Airport (Hagler Field), is a public use airport three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Pensacola, in Escambia County, Florida, United States.
 It is owned by the City of Pensacola.
 Despite the name, this airport does not offer direct international flights.
 This airport is one of the five major airports in North Florida, others being: Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport, Destin-Fort Walton Beach Airport Tallahassee International Airport, and Jacksonville International Airport.
Tafuna' is a village on the east coast of Tutuila Island, American Samoa.
 It is located on a peninsula a mile north of Pago Pago International Airport and one mile south of Nu'uuli, American Samoa.
Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport (IATA: BJC, ICAO: KBJC, FAA LID: BJC) is a public-use airport located near Broomfield, Colorado, United States.
 The airport is owned and operated by Jefferson County and is situated midway between Denver and Boulder on U.S. Highway 36.
 It is located sixteen miles northwest of the central business district of Denver, and is the closest airport to downtown Denver.
 The airport covers 1700 acre and has three runways. Formerly known as Jefferson County Airport or Jeffco Airport, the airport was renamed Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport on October 10, 2006 although it is sometimes referred to as Rocky Mountain Regional Airport, e.g. 2007-2012 county planning documents.
Nu'uuli is a village on the central east coast of Tutuila Island, American Samoa.
 It is located on a peninsula several miles up from Pago Pago International Airport.
Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport (IATA: CHA, ICAO: KCHA, FAA LID: CHA) , also known as Lovell Field, is a public airport located five miles (8 km) east of the central business district of Chattanooga, a city in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States.
 The airport is owned and operated by the Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport Authority.
 It is a Class C airport serviced by Chattanooga Approach.
Pago Pago ( ; Samoan: ] ) is the territorial capital of American Samoa.
 It is on the main island of American Samoa, Tutuila.
 The territory is served by Pago Pago International Airport at Tafuna, some 8 miles south west of Pago Pago.
 Tourism, entertainment, food, and tuna canning are its main industries.
Pan Am Flight 806 was an international scheduled flight from Auckland, New Zealand, to Los Angeles, California, with intermediate stops at Pago Pago, American Samoa and Honolulu, Hawaii.
 On January 30, 1974, the Boeing 707 "Clipper Radiant" crashed on approach to Pago Pago International Airport, killing 87 passengers and ten crew members.
Inter Island Airways (also known as "Inter Island Air") is a South Pacific regional airline based in Pago Pago, American Samoa.
 Inter Island Airways operates passenger and cargo flights in and between American Samoa, Independent Samoa and to neighboring Pacific island countries.
 Its main base of operations is at Pago Pago International Airport.
Tutuila is the largest and the main island of American Samoa in the archipelago of Samoan Islands.
 It is the third largest island in the Samoan Islands chain of the Central Pacific located roughly 4000 km northeast of Brisbane, Australia and over 1200 km northeast of Fiji.
 It contains a large, natural harbor, Pago Pago Harbor, where Pago Pago, the capital of American Samoa is situated.
 Pago Pago International Airport is also located on Tutuila island.
 Its land expanse is about 68% of the total land area of American Samoa and with 56,000 people accounts for 95% of its population.
 The island has six terrestrial and three marine ecosystems.
Pago Pago International Airport (IATA: PPG, ICAO: NSTU, FAA LID: PPG) , also known as Tafuna Airport, is a public airport located 7 miles (11.3 km) southwest of the central business district of Pago Pago, in the village and plains of Tafuna on the island of Tutuila in American Samoa, an unincorporated territory of the United States.
