Câmara de Lobos (] ; literally, Portuguese: "chamber of the sealions" ) is a municipality, parish and town in the south-central coast of the island of Madeira.
 Technically a suburb of the much larger capital city of Funchal, it is one of the larger population centres and an extension of the Funchal economy.
The Huan River (), or Anyang River (安阳河), is a river in Henan, China, and part of the Hai River basin.
 The river rises north of Linzhou in northwestern Henan, and joins the Wei River near Neihuang in the northeast of the province.
Linzhou (), formerly Lin County (林县), is a county-level city in Anyang, Henan, China.
 Adjacent to Shanxi Province and Hebei Province, it is located in the north of Henan Province and at the eastern foot of the Taihang Mountains.
 It covers an area of 2046 square kilometers and has a population of about one million.
The Shanxi–Henan–Shandong Railway () or the Jinyulu Railway, also known as the Shanxi South Central Railway or the Watang–Rizhao Railway, is an electrified double-track heavy freight railway across northern China.
 The line runs 1260 km from the village of Watang in Lüliang, Shanxi Province to the port of Rizhao in Shandong Province, and is named after the three provinces through which it passes Jin (Shanxi), Yu (Henan) and Lu (Shandong).
 The line is the world's longest heavy freight railway and is designed to facilitate the export of coal from Shanxi to overseas markets.
 The line can accommodate train speeds of up to 120 km/h .
 Cities along route include Lüliang, Liulin, Hongdong, Changzhi and Pingshun in Shanxi; Linzhou, Anyang, Tangyin, Puyang, Hebi, Fan County and Taiqian County in Henan; Liangshan County, Dongping, Ningyang, Xintai, Laiwu, Yiyuan, Yishui, Ju County, Junan and Rizhao in Shandong.
 The line was built from 2010 to 2014 and operations began on December 30, 2014.
Statistical inference is the process of deducing properties of an underlying probability distribution by analysis of data.
 Inferential statistical analysis infers properties about a population: this includes testing hypotheses and deriving estimates.
 The population is assumed to be larger than the observed data set; in other words, the observed data is assumed to be sampled from a larger population.
Islam is historically divided into two major sects, Sunni and Shia Islam, each with its own sub-sects.
 Large numbers of Shia Arab Muslims live in some Arab countries including Lebanon, Yemen, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, the UAE, and Qatar.
 Shia Muslims are a numerical majority in Iraq and Bahrain.
 Approximately half of the population in Yemen are Shia Muslims.
 Exactly half of Muslims in Lebanon are Shia Muslims.
 There is also a very large population of Shia Muslims living in the Arab Persian Gulf countries especially in Saudi Arabia.
 Approximately the whole population of East Saudi Arabia, the Eastern Province are Shia Muslims.
 Although government statistics claim that roughly only 20-40% of the Muslim population are Shia Muslims, there has been dispute to the authenticity of this figure and recent reports and investigations indicate that there is in fact a much larger population of Shia Muslims present, with estimate figures over 45% or even making the majority of Muslim population.
 Saudi Arabia follows a strict recently established sect of Islam, Wahhabism, there is little freedom of religion between the different sects even whilst all of the population are Muslims.
 Smaller Shia groups are present in Egypt and Jordan.
 Despite the heavy presence of Shia Muslims in some Arab countries, particularly among the population of the Persian Gulf Arab countries, they have been treated poorly throughout history.
 Additionally, in recent times, Shia Muslims along with Kurds have faced genocide by the pan-Arabist regime of Saddam Hussein.
 For both historical and political reasons, the Shia have fared rather poorly in much of the Arab world, and the topic of Shi‘ism and Shia groups is one of the most sensitive issues for the Sunni elite.
 This article discusses both the history of Shī‘a Islam in the Arab world from the dawn of Islam and their current situation in the Arabic-speaking world.
Riverview is a Canadian town in Albert County, New Brunswick, Canada.
 Riverview is located on the south side of the Petitcodiac River, across from the larger cities of Moncton and Dieppe.
 Riverview has an area of 34 km2 , and a population density of 564.6 PD/km2 .
 Riverview's slogan is "A Great Place To Grow".
 With a population of 19,667, Riverview is the fifth largest municipality in New Brunswick, having a larger population than the cities of Edmundston, Bathurst, Campbellton, and Miramichi, despite its designation of "town".
In population genetics, the founder effect is the loss of genetic variation that occurs when a new population is established by a very small number of individuals from a larger population.
 It was first fully outlined by Ernst Mayr in 1942, using existing theoretical work by those such as Sewall Wright.
 As a result of the loss of genetic variation, the new population may be distinctively different, both genotypically and phenotypically, from the parent population from which it is derived.
 In extreme cases, the founder effect is thought to lead to the speciation and subsequent evolution of new species.
American environmental author Daniel Quinn coined the term Food Race (by analogy to the Cold War's "nuclear arms race") to describe an understanding of the current overpopulation emergency as a perpetually escalating crisis between growing human population and growing food production, fueled by the latter.
 Quinn argues that as the worldwide human population increases, the typical international response is to more intensely produce and distribute food to feed these greater numbers of people.
 However, assuming that population increases according to increased food availability, Quinn argues that this response only ends up leading to an even larger population and thus greater starvation in the end.
 Therefore, Quinn's clear solution to the Food Race — to stop producing so much food — is not generally a common-sense or intuitive response; instead, it derives from seemingly counter-intuitive or "outside-the-box" thinking.
Walpole is a small census-designated place (CDP) located within the much larger town (21 square miles in size) of Walpole in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.
 Walpole Town as it is called by the US Census Bureau, also includes a much larger population (24,070 in 2010).
 The population of the Census Designated Place was 5,918 at the 2010 census.
