Final Warning is the second single released by the American recording artist Skylar Grey for her second studio album "Don't Look Down".
 The song was written by Alexander Grant and Grey, and produced by Grant.
"Farewell" is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, from her sixth studio album "Talk That Talk" (2011).
 The song was written by Ester Dean and Alexander Grant, with production helmed by Grant under his production name Alex da Kid.
 Instrumentation consists of a piano.
Alexander Grant (20 May 1734 – 8 May 1813) was a Royal Navy officer, businessman, and politician in Upper Canada.
 During his service with the Royal Navy Grant saw action in the Seven Years' War before becoming a naval superintendent.
 He then embarked on a career in the ship building industry before losing much of his wealth during the American Revolution.
 Grant recovered, however, and rose to prominence in civil society, becoming the administrator of Upper Canada in 1805.
Alexander Grant (born 27 August 1982), professionally known as Alex da Kid, is a British music producer from Wood Green, London.
 He has gained recognition for producing several hit singles for a plethora of artists in various music genres, such as Dr. Dre ("I Need a Doctor"), Nicki Minaj ("Massive Attack"), B.o.B ("Airplanes" featuring Hayley Williams), Eminem ("Love the Way You Lie" featuring Rihanna), Diddy ("Coming Home" with Dirty Money featuring Skylar Grey), Imagine Dragons ("Radioactive") and Cheryl ("Under The Sun").
"Make the World Move" is a song recorded by American singer Christina Aguilera for her seventh studio album, "Lotus" (2012).
 It features guest vocals from Cee Lo Green.
 The song was written by Alexander Grant, Mike Del Rio, Candice Pillay, Jayson DeZuzio, Dwayne Abernathy and Armando Trovajoli.
 Musically, the track is an up–tempo inspirational song, which combines dance, R&B and soul genres.
 Lyrically, it is a positive attitude song which features horns and synthesizers as part of its instrumentation.
Smoke + Mirrors is the second studio album by American rock band Imagine Dragons.
 The album was recorded during 2014 at the band's home studio in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Self-produced by members of the band along with English hip-hop producer Alexander Grant, known by his moniker Alex da Kid, the album was released by Interscope Records and Grant's KIDinaKORNER label on February 17, 2015, in the United States.
Sir Lewis Alexander Grant-Ogilvy (or Grant-Ogilvie), 5th Earl of Seafield FRSE (22 March 1767 – 26 October 1840), briefly known as Sir Lewis Alexander Grant, Bt, in 1811, was a Scottish peer and Member of Parliament.
 His promising career was cut short by mental instability.
William Alexander Grant (June 16, 1882 – April 16, 1942) was a Canadian curler.
 He was the lead of the 1928 and 1929 Brier Champion teams (skipped by Gordon Hudson), representing Manitoba.
 Grant was a 1975 inductee to the Canadian Curling Hall of Fame.
 He died suddenly in 1942 while attending a curling meeting at the Fort Rouge Curling Club.
Sir Alexander Grant, 5th Baronet (1 July 1705 - 1 August 1772) was prominent Scottish slave trader, active in the City of London in the mid eighteenth century.
 As part of Grant, Oswald and Co., he owned Bunce Island in Sierra Leone.
Charles William Grant was born in 1782.
 He was the son of Captain David Alexander Grant and Marie-Charles-Joseph Le Moyne, Baronne de Longueuil.
 He married Caroline Coffin, daughter of General John Coffin and Anne Mathews, in 1813.
 He became a member of the Legislative Council of Lower Canada.
 He succeeded to the title of Baron de Longueuil on 17 January 1841.
 He died on 5 July 1848 at his residence of Aylwing House in Kingston.
