The Journey is a 2016 British-Irish drama film directed by Nick Hamm and written by Colin Bateman.
 The film is a fictional account of the true story of how political enemies, Ian Paisley and Martin McGuinness, formed an unlikely political alliance to change the course of history.
 It stars Timothy Spall, Colm Meaney, Freddie Highmore, John Hurt, Toby Stephens, and Ian Beattie.
Ian Richard Kyle Paisley Jr (born 12 December 1966) is the Member of Parliament (MP) for North Antrim, in office since 2010.
 Previously he was a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for North Antrim from 1998 to 2010.
 Paisley, who is a member of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), is the son of the DUP's founder, Ian Paisley.
The Protestant Telegraph was a Northern Irish newspaper founded by Noel Doherty and Ian Paisley on February 13th, 1966.
 It was noted for its Protestant fundamentalism and its attacks on the Roman Catholic Church, the Church of Ireland and the moderates within the Ulster Unionist Party, as typified by Terence O'Neill.
The Protestant Unionist Party (PUP) was a unionist political party operating in Northern Ireland from 1966 to 1971.
 It was the forerunner of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and emerged from the Ulster Protestant Action (UPA) movement.
 It was founded an led by Ian Paisley, who also founded and led the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster.
John Thomas Atkinson Glass (8 September 1936 – 24 February 2004), often known as Pastor Jack Glass or simply as Jack Glass, was a Scottish Protestant preacher, evangelicalist and political activist.
 Pastor Glass is most readily associated with his strong views on unionism in Northern Ireland, his anti-Catholic speeches and his association with his friend and colleague the Rev. Ian Paisley.
 According to his obituary in "The Times", Glass was seen as Scotland's answer to Ian Paisley.
Rhonda Paisley (born 1960) is an author, and former politician from Northern Ireland.
 She is the second daughter of the late Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) leader and Northern Ireland's former First Minister Ian Paisley, is unmarried, and lives with her mother in the family home.
 She attended Bob Jones University in the United States (the same institution from which her father received his honorary degree), where she was awarded a BA in Fine Art.
Noel Doherty (26 December 1940 – 26 December 2008) was a Northern Irish loyalist activist who was close to Ian Paisley during Paisley's early years in politics.
 He served as leader of the Ulster Protestant Volunteers and was imprisoned for his involvement in procuring explosives for that organisation.
Northern Ireland Friends of Israel is a group dedicated to fostering better relations between Northern Ireland and the State of Israel.
 It was launched by the deputy ambassador of Israel, Talya Lador-Fresher, president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews Henry Grunwald and former First Minister Ian Paisley on 12 March 2009 in Belfast at the Great Hall, Stormont.
Ivan Foster (born 1943) is a retired senior minister in the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster and a former Democratic Unionist Party politician.
 He is a lifelong friend and associate of the Democratic Unionist politician and Free Presbyterian Church leader Ian Paisley.
 But in November 2006, he became the most prominent Free Presbyterian to openly challenge Ian Paisley's decision to enter into a power-sharing government with Sinn Féin and went on to denounce Ian Paisley from the pulpit of his church in January 2007.
Eileen Emily Paisley, Lady Bannside, Baroness Paisley of St George's ("née" Cassells; born 2 November 1931, Belfast), is a Northern Irish Unionist politician, a vice-president of the Democratic Unionist Party, and the widow of Ian Paisley, Lord Bannside, former leader of the DUP.
 She became a life peer in 2006.
