The Piet Retief Delegation massacre occurred when Voortrekkers under Piet Retief migrated into Natal in 1837 and negotiated a land treaty in February 1838 with the Zulu King Dingane.
 Upon reconsideration, Dingane doublecrossed the Voortrekkers, killing the delegation of 100 including their leader Piet Retief on 6 February 1838.
 The land treaty was later found in Piet Retief's possession.
 It gave the Voortrekkers the land between the Tugela River and Port St. Johns.
 This event eventually led to the Battle of Blood River and the eventual defeat of Dingane.
Operation Marion was a military operation by the South African Defence Force (SADF) during the South African Border War.
 The origins can be traced back to the murder of Piet Retief on 6 February 1838 by the Zulu king Dingane, which led to an alliance between the Boer (later to become Afrikaner) people and the Zulus, whereby Afrikaner security was deemed to be closely linked to Zulu security.
The Battle of Maqongqo was fought on 29 January 1840 during a civil war between Zulu factions.
 The Zulu king Dingane was challenged for the throne by his brother Mpande, in alliance with Boer settlers led by Andries Pretorius.
 Mpande and his supporters were victorious.
 Shortly thereafter Dingane was murdered and Mpande became king of the Zulus.
The Battle of Blood River (Afrikaans: "Slag van Bloedrivier" ; Zulu: "iMpi yaseNcome" ) is the name given for the battle fought between 470 Voortrekkers ("Pioneers"), led by Andries Pretorius, and an estimated 80,000 Zulu on the bank of the Ncome River on 16 December 1838, in what is today KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
 Casualties amounted to over 3,000 of king Dingane's soldiers dead, including two Zulu princes competing with Prince Mpande for the Zulu throne.
 Three Pioneers commando members were lightly wounded, including Pretorius himself.
The Natalia Republic was a short-lived Boer republic on the coast of Southern Africa, established in 1839 by Voortrekkers shortly after the Battle of Blood River.
 The area was ceded by the Zulu king Dingane to Piet Retief and his party in 1838 and stretched from the Tugela River to present day Port St. Johns.
 It was previously named "Natália" by Portuguese sailors.
 The republic was annexed by Britain in 1843 to form the Colony of Natal.
 After the British annexation of the Natalia Republic, most local Voortrekkers trekked north into "Transorangia", later known as the Orange Free State, and the Transvaal.
Ndlela kaSompisi (died February 1840) was a key general to Zulu Kings Shaka and Dingane.
 He rose to prominence as a highly effective warrior under Shaka.
 Dingane appointed him as his "inDuna", or chief advisor.
 He was also the principal commander of Dingane's armies.
 However, Ndlela's failure to defeat the Boers under Andries Pretorius and a rebellion against Dingane led to his execution.
Mpande (1798–1872) was monarch of the Zulu Kingdom from 1840 to 1872, making him the longest reigning Zulu king.
 He was a half-brother of Sigujana, Shaka and Dingane, who both preceded him as kings of the Zulu.
 He came to power after overthrowing Dingane in 1840.
Theresa Viglione was an Italian and South African woman famous for saving the lives of many Voortrekkers in 1838 when she warned a group of them of an impending attack initiated by Zulu king Dingane.
 She is immortalized on a frieze in a Voortrekker monument in Pretoria, South Africa
uMgungundlovu was the royal capital of the Zulu king Dingane (1828–1840) and one of several military complexes ("amakhanda") which he maintained.
 He established his royal kraal in 1829 in the eMakhosini valley against Lion hill ("Singonyama"), just south of the White Umfolozi River.
Impi is a Zulu word for any armed body of men.
 However, in English it is often used to refer to a Zulu regiment, which is called an "ibutho" in Zulu.
 Its beginnings lie far back in historic tribal warfare customs, when groups of armed men called "impis" battled.
 They were systematised radically by the Zulu king Shaka, who was then only the exiled illegitimate son of king Senzangakhona, but already showing much prowess as a general in the army of Mthethwa king Dingiswayo in the Mthethwa-Ndwandwe war in the early 1810s.
