Founded in 2001 by Ryerson University graduates Mark Bishop and Matt Hornburg (who are still the executive producers/partners of the company), Toronto-based marblemedia is a content creation company of television and new media production.
 Notable "marblemedia" projects include: "Open Heart", a gripping mystery series, folded into a sprawling family saga, set against the high-stakes workplace and relationship drama of a hospital; "Splatalot"; a hilarious medieval-themed physical game show geared to the tween audience, featuring an extreme obstacle course with heaps and loads of splats and spills; the inquisitive, intelligent and adventurous preschool series "This is Daniel Cook", "This is Emily Yeung", and "This is Scarlett and Isaiah," these six-year-old is hosts explore a whole universe of discovery and adventures that capture the imaginations of preschoolers with every spirited installment; "The Dating Guy", an animated comedy about the single life of twenty-somethings in the city; "Skatoony", North America’s first animated/live-action quiz show adventure that pits tweens and toons against each other; and "Taste Buds", a kids cooking and food adventure series; "Hi Opie!
", is a live-action preschool series about a 5-year-old puppet who navigates his way through the struggles and successes of kindergarten for the first time.
 "marblemedia"'s most recent project is a delightful spin-off series to the hit preschool series "Hi Opie!"
, "Opie’s Home" explores the fun of family life from a preschool point of view, following 4-year-old Opie as he plays, explores and discovers new things in and around his home.
Wipeout is a game show series in which contestants competed in what was billed as the "World's Largest" obstacle course.
 "Wipeout" was hosted and commentated by John Henson and John Anderson, while Jill Wagner acted as the "on-location" presenter.
 The show aired on ABC from June 24, 2008 until the show aired its final episode on September 7, 2014.
 The interim presenter for one season was Vanessa Lachey.
 The creators and executive producers are Matt Kunitz and Scott Larsen.
 Distribution of the show was handled by Endemol USA.
 The show was taped at Sable Ranch in Canyon Country, Santa Clarita, California, about 40 miles north of Los Angeles.
Run For Your Lives (RFYL) is a 3-5K obstacle course adventure run series created by Maryland-based Reed Street Productions (RSP).
 Like other obstacle races, runners navigate through various terrain and physically challenging obstacles.
 Unlike other obstacle races, runners try to dodge and escape from zombies roaming the course trying to grab flags from runners' flagbelts, similar to flag football.
 The course was designed to incorporate zombies as well as SERE training learned by a RSP managing-member who is active-duty navy.
 The inaugural race had about 12,000 attendees and was covered by multiple news sources.
Viking: The Ultimate Obstacle Course (海筋肉王 ～バイキング～ , Kaikinnikuō ~Baikingu~ , literally "Sea Muscle King VIKING") , sometimes abbreviated to Viking: TUOC, is a Japanese obstacle course endurance game show using an obstacle course produced by Fuji TV and .
 The English version of Viking is produced by ESPN2 with two American commentators calling the action.
 In Europe it airs on Eurosport 2 with the American commentators in the first season and British commentator Colin Bryce in the second.
 In the Philippines, Viking was aired in TV5 and hosted by Brod Pete, Richard del Rosario, and Gabe Mercardo.
 In Taiwan on JET TV in its original form with Chinese subtitles and Thailand on Channel 9 MCOT in Thai program "แชมป์ เฉือน แชมป์" (Champ VS Champ) in 2009, later this program are broadcast other Japanese game show like Original Iron Chef, Unbeatable Banzuke and Sasuke Ninja Warrior.
 The entire show is broadcast from Tokyo Bay.
All American Girl is a 2003 reality competition that started with 45 females vying for the title of the same name.
 In the first episode the field of 45 is cut down to 15 by means of a talent show competition and obstacle course.
 At the talent show and obstacle course, three coaches (Geri Halliwell, John Salley, Suzanne de Passe) decided who the 15 finalists would be.
 After the 15 finalists were decided, the coaches picked five girls to be on their team for the whole series.
 During the series, the three teams went through a training camp to train them in a vast array of disciplines that included athletic ability, mental agility, performance in the popular arts and beauty.
 Each week some of the contestants were cut from the competition until there were only six contestants, followed by another cut down to a final three.
 The winner was decided by viewer phone voting.
 The show was hosted by Mitch Mullany.
Makoto Nagano (長野 誠 , Nagano Makoto , born March 30, 1972 in Kitakata, Miyazaki) (sometimes known as the World's Strongest Fisherman) is a commercial fisherman and the captain of his vessel, F/V "Konpira Maru 50" (第50金比羅丸 ) (He used to be captain of the F/V "Konpira Maru 28" (第28金比羅丸 ) ) and musician.
 He is regularly seen on the Japanese television show "Sasuke" ("Ninja Warrior") where he was one of the "SASUKE All-Stars," a group of favored competitors who were thought to possess the greatest potential in completing the four grueling obstacle courses of Ninja Warrior.
 He can also be seen on the lesser known precursor to Ninja Warrior, Viking: The Ultimate obstacle course, where he was the only competitor to make it to the final round.
A*mazing was an Australian children's television game show that aired between 16 May 1994 until 1998 on the Seven Network.
 It was famous for a relatively large and elaborate maze/obstacle course that was part of the show's studio set.
 "A*mazing" was hosted by James Sherry for the entire run of the series.
 A*mazing was produced at Channel 7 Brisbane from 1994–1996 and then at Channel 7 Perth from 1997–1998.
Kunoichi (クノイチ; stylized as KUNOICHI in Japan) is a women's obstacle course competition held in Japan and broadcast on the Tokyo Broadcasting System.
 It is a spin-off of "Sasuke", another obstacle course series.
 "Kunoichi" is different from "Sasuke" in that the competitors are exclusively female.
 It is also broadcast as Women of Ninja Warrior on the American G4 channel.
 KUNOICHI has been renewed for a 9th tournament after an 8-year hiatus for 2017.
 It was taped on January 26, 2017, took place at the Makuhari Messe Convention Hall, unlike past tournaments taking place at Midoriyama Studio City.
Obstacle course racing (OCR) is a sport in which a competitor, traveling on foot, must overcome various physical challenges that are in the form of obstacles.
 Mud and trail runs are combined and the races are designed to result in mental and physical collapse.
 Obstacles include, but are not limited to, climbing over walls, carrying heavy objects, traversing bodies of water, crawling under barbed wire, and jumping through fire.
 Many obstacles are similar to those used in military training, while others are unique to obstacle racing and are employed throughout the course to test endurance, strength, speed and, dexterity.
 Races vary in both distance and challenge level, combining trail running, road running, and cross country running.
 With race venues typically in large cities, organizers encourage athletes of all types to participate.
 All Obstacles were introduced into Cross Country Running at Tough Guy, recorded on video 1989 - 2007.
 Most signature obstacles were actually created by Mr Mouse.
 According to the "Los Angeles Times" in 2012, the number of events—typically all-day festivals—rose rapidly.
 In accordance with the sub-culture's fast rate of growth, the "Obstacle Race Magazine" was launched.
TREC, short for the French Techniques de Randonnée Équestre de Compétition is an equestrian discipline designed to test horse and rider.
 With origins in France, the sport has spread through Europe, and was introduced to the UK by the British Horse Society (BHS) in 1998.
 The sport is now known as British TREC and is run by TREC GB.
 TREC competitions consist of three separate events (phases) - mounted orienteering, a demonstration of control of the horse's paces and an obstacle course - all completed over the course of one or two days, and points scored, with the highest scoring being declared the overall event winner.
