Gian-Carla "Gia" Coppola (born January 1, 1987) is an American film director, screenwriter, and actress.
 She is a granddaughter of Francis Ford Coppola, the daughter of Gian-Carlo Coppola and the niece of Roman Coppola and Sofia Coppola.
Supernova is a 2000 Swiss-American science fiction horror film written by David C. Wilson, William Malone and Daniel Chuba and directed by Walter Hill, credited as "Thomas Lee."
 "Thomas Lee" was chosen as a directorial pseudonym for release, as the name Alan Smithee had become too well known as a badge of a film being disowned by its makers.
 It was originally developed in 1988 by director William Malone as "Dead Star," with paintings by H. R. Giger and a plot that had been called ""Hellraiser" in outer space."
 Jack Sholder was hired for substantial uncredited reshoots, and Francis Ford Coppola was brought in for editing purposes.
 Various sources suggest that little of Hill's work remains in the theatrical cut of the film.
 The film shares several plot similarities with the film "Event Horizon," released in 1997, and "Alien Cargo," released in 1999.
 The cast featured James Spader, Angela Bassett, Robert Forster, Lou Diamond Phillips, Peter Facinelli, Robin Tunney, and Wilson Cruz.
 This film was shot by cinematographer Lloyd Ahern and scored by composers David C. Williams and Burkhard Dallwitz.
Barry M. Malkin (born October 26, 1938) is an American film editor with about 30 film credits.
 He is noted for his extended collaboration with director Francis Ford Coppola, having edited most of Coppola's films from 1969-1997.
 In particular, Malkin worked with Coppola on four of the component and compilation films of the "Godfather Trilogy", although he was not involved in the original 1972 film.
 Roger Ebert has written of "The Godfather Part II", which Malkin edited, "... why is it a "great movie"?
 Because it must be seen as a piece with the unqualified greatness of "The Godfather."
 The two can hardly be considered apart ("Part III" is another matter).
 When the characters in a film take on a virtual reality for us, when a character in another film made 30 years later can say "The Godfather" contains all the lessons in life you need to know, when an audience understands why that statement could be made, a film has become a cultural bedrock."
The Filmgroup was a production and distribution company founded by filmmakers Roger Corman and Gene Corman in 1959.
 Corman used it to make and distribute his own movies, as opposed to ones he was making for American International Pictures.
 The company ultimately folded but lessons from running it helped Corman make a success later of New World Pictures (now part of 20th Century Fox).
 Filmgroup also produced early feature work of Francis Ford Coppola, Peter Bogdanovich, Charles B. Griffith, Curtis Harrington, Jack Hill, Monte Hellman, Robert Towne and Jack Nicholson.
The Godfather Part III is a 1990 American crime film written by Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola, and directed by Coppola.
 A sequel to "The Godfather" (1972) and "The Godfather Part II" (1974), it completes the story of Michael Corleone, a Mafia kingpin who attempts to legitimize his criminal empire.
 The film also includes fictionalized accounts of two real-life events: the 1978 death of Pope John Paul I and the Papal banking scandal of 1981–82, both linked to Michael Corleone's business affairs.
 The film stars Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, and Andy García, and features Eli Wallach, Joe Mantegna, George Hamilton, Bridget Fonda, and Sofia Coppola.
Tonight for Sure is a 1962 Western softcore comedy film by Francis Ford Coppola.
 It was written by Coppola and Jerry Shaffer.
 Jack Hill was the Director of Photography.
 The music was composed by Carmine Coppola.
 It is a film set in August 1961 on the Sunset Strip starring Karl Schanzer and Don Kenney and featuring Electra, Exotica, Laura Cornell, Karla Lee, and Sue Martin.
Eleanor Coppola (born May 4, 1936) is an American documentary filmmaker, artist, and writer.
 She is married to director Francis Ford Coppola.
 She is most known for her 1991 documentary film "" as well as other documentaries chronicling the films of her husband and children.
 Coppola currently lives on her family's winery in Napa Valley, California.
Francis Ford Coppola Presents is a lifestyle brand created by Francis Ford Coppola, under which he markets goods from companies he owns or controls.
 It includes films and videos, resorts, cafes, a literary magazine and a winery.
Antonio Coppola (born March 21, 1917) is an American opera conductor and composer.
 He is the uncle of film director Francis Ford Coppola and actress Talia Shire, as well as the grand-uncle of Nicolas Cage, Sofia Coppola, Gian-Carlo Coppola, Jason Schwartzman and Robert Schwartzman, and is the younger brother of American composer and musician Carmine Coppola.
The Bellboy and the Playgirls is an American 1962 film by Francis Ford Coppola and Jack Hill.
