Emmanuelle (1974) is the first installment in a series of French softcore pornography films directed by Just Jaeckin.
 The film's story is based on the novel "Emmanuelle".
 The film stars Sylvia Kristel in the title role about a woman who takes a trip to Bangkok to enhance her sexual experience.
 The film was former photographer Just Jaeckin's debut feature film and was shot on location in Thailand and in France between 1973 and 1974.
Jean-Paul Leroux (born January 7, 1976) is a Venezuelan film actor.
 His career started in small roles in theater, but his true career started in the critically acclaimed movie "Secuestro Express" in 2005, along with Argentine actress Mía Maestro.
 He also appeared in the 2006 Venezuelan film "Elipsis" along with Gaby Espino, Edgar Ramirez and Christina Dieckmann among others.
 He acted in the unrealesed Spanish-Venezuelan film "Lo Que Tiene el Otro", directed by Miguel Perello.
 He also played the starring role in "Por Un Polvo", a Venezuelan Film by Carlos Malave.
 In 2007 he acted in the Colombian Film "La Vida era en Serio" directed by Monica Borda.
 And recently played the starring role in the Venezuelan Film "Las Caras del Diablo"
Kenneth Thomson (January 7, 1899 – January 26, 1967) was an American character actor active during the silent and early sound film eras.
 He, along with his wife Alden Gay, was a founding member of the Screen Actors Guild.
 The group was founded after meetings held at the Thomsons' home during 1933.
 During his brief twelve-year career in front of the camera, he appeared in over 60 films.
 After appearing in several Broadway plays during the early and mid-1920s, Thomson would make his film debut with a starring role in 1926's "Risky Business".
 Over the next four years, he would appear in over a dozen films, in either starring or featured roles.
 In 1930 alone he would appear in ten films, half of which were in starring roles, such as "Lawful Larceny", which also starred Bebe Daniels and Lowell Sherman (who also directed), and "Reno", whose other stars were Ruth Roland and Montagu Love; the other half would see him in featured roles as in "A Notorious Affair", starring Billie Dove, Basil Rathbone, and Kay Francis.
 During the rest of the 1930s, he would appear in numerous films, mostly in either supporting or featured roles, such as "The Little Giant" (1933), starring Edward G. Robinson and Mary Astor, and "Hop-Along Cassidy" (1935), starring William Boyd; although he occasionally would have a starring role, as in opposite Harold Lloyd in 1932's "Movie Crazy".
Pickpocket is a 1959 French film directed by Robert Bresson, generally believed to have been inspired by the novel "Crime and Punishment" by Fyodor Dostoevsky.
 It stars the young Uruguayan Martin LaSalle, who was a nonprofessional actor at the time, in the title role, with Marika Green as the ingénue.
 It was the first film for which Bresson wrote an original screenplay rather than "adapting it from an existing text."
Marika Nicolette Green (born 21 June 1943) is a Swedish-French actress.
 She is mostly famous for playing a starring role in Robert Bresson's "Pickpocket" (1959), and also for appearing in "Emmanuelle" (1974).
Au hasard Balthazar (] ; meaning "Balthazar, at Random"), also known as "Balthazar", is a 1966 French film directed by Robert Bresson.
 Believed to be inspired by a passage from Fyodor Dostoyevsky's novel "The Idiot", the film follows a donkey as he is given to various owners, most of whom treat him callously.
Laura Duke Condominas (also known as Laura Duke, born in Boston April 1951) is the daughter of French artist and film-maker Niki de Saint-Phalle and American novelist Harry Mathews.
 As an actress she is most notable for her portrayal of Guinevere in Robert Bresson's film "Lancelot du lac" (1974).
Mouchette (] ) is a 1967 French film directed by Robert Bresson, starring Nadine Nortier and Jean-Claude Guilbert.
 It is based on the novel of the same name by Georges Bernanos.
 It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival, winning the OCIC Award (International Catholic Organization for Cinema and Audiovisual).
Four Nights of a Dreamer (French: Quatre nuits d'un rêveur ) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Robert Bresson and starring Isabelle Weingarten.
 The film was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.
 The film is loosely based on the story "White Nights" written by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
Diary of a Country Priest (French: "Journal d'un curé de campagne" ) is a 1951 French film written and directed by Robert Bresson, and starring Claude Laydu.
 It was closely based on the novel of the same name by Georges Bernanos.
 Published in 1936, the novel received the Grand prix du roman de l'Académie française.
 It tells the story of a young, sickly priest, who has been assigned to his first parish, a village in northern France.
