Statoil ASA is a Norwegian petroleum company established in 1972.
 It merged with the oil and gas division of Norsk Hydro in 2007 and was known as StatoilHydro until 2009, when the name was changed back to Statoil ASA.
 The brand Statoil was retained as a chain of fuel stations owned by StatoilHydro.
 Statoil is the largest petroleum company in the Nordic countries and Norway's largest company, employing over 25,000 people.
 While Statoil is listed on both the Oslo Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange, the Norwegian state still holds majority ownership, with 64%.
 The company's headquarters are located in Norway's oil capital Stavanger.
 The name Statoil is a truncated form of "the State's oil (company)".
EOG Resources, Inc. (successor to Enron Oil & Gas Company) is an American petroleum and natural gas exploration company headquartered in the Heritage Plaza building in Houston, Texas.
Louisiana Hot Sauce is a brand of hot sauce manufactured in New Iberia, Louisiana by The Original Louisiana Hot Sauce Co., which is owned by Southeastern Mills Inc.
 The product's labeling includes the word "original", and it is sometimes referred to as "Original Louisiana Hot Sauce" and "Original Louisiana Brand Hot Sauce."
 It is a common hot sauce in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
 Bruce Foods was the previous owner and manufacturer of the brand, and sold it to Southeastern Mills Inc. in April 2015.
The Syrian Petroleum Company (SPC, Arabic: شركة النفط السورية‎ ‎ ) is a state-owned oil exploration and production company.
 The company was established in 1974.
 It is a part of the General Petroleum Company.
Kenneth Stanley "Boots" Adams (August 31, 1899 – March 30, 1975) was an American business executive, University of Kansas booster, and civic philanthropist of Bartlesville, Oklahoma.
 Adams began his career with the Phillips Petroleum Company in 1920 as a clerk in the warehouse department.
 Twelve years later, he was chosen by founder and president Frank Phillips to fill the newly created position of Assistant to the President.
 On April 26, 1938, Adams was elected president of Phillips Petroleum Company by the unanimous vote of the company's Board of Directors.
China Education Resources Inc. (, OTCQX: CHNUF ), based in Beijing, China and Vancouver, Canada, along with its subsidiaries, is a company that provides an education Internet portal with educational content, resources and training programs to teachers, education professionals and students in the People's Republic of China.
 In general, the company's focus is on textbook sales, technology development and Internet portal subscriptions.
 China Education Resources is the only public company officially approved by China education officials to provide these comprehensive learning and training services.
China Resources Petroleum Company Limited (), was a subsidiary of China Resources (CRC), and was a major petroleum product company in China 1991-2007.
 CRC was created in 1991 and had operations throughout Southeast Asia and based in Hong Kong.
 CR Enterprises disposed Dongguan China Resources Petrochems to Sinopec at the end of 2005, the mainland petrochemical services in October 2006 and the business in Hong Kong to Sinopec in 2007.
Plains Exploration & Production was an American petroleum company based in Houston, Texas.
 A spin-off from Plains Resources, Inc., the company was founded in 2002.
 Its operations, as of 2009, were all in North America, including California, Texas, Louisiana, Wyoming, and offshore of California and in the Gulf of Mexico.
 The company reported proved reserves of 292 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) at the end of 2008, with a potential total of over 2.2 billion BOE.
 In 2007, it was the fourth-largest oil producer in California (behind Chevron Corp., Aera Energy, and Occidental Petroleum).
 It was acquired by Freeport-McMoRan in May 2013, at which time the former properties of PXP became part of the FCX Oil & Gas Inc. (FM O&G) division of Freeport-McMoRan.
Pillsbury is an American brand name used by Minneapolis-based General Mills and Orrville, Ohio-based J.M. Smucker Company.
 Historically, the Pillsbury Company, also based in Minneapolis, was a rival company to General Mills and was one of the world's largest producers of grain and other foodstuffs until it was bought out by General Mills in 2001.
 Antitrust law required General Mills to sell off some of the products.
 General Mills kept the rights to refrigerated and frozen Pillsbury products, while dry baking products and frosting are now sold by Smucker under license.
The Magnolia Petroleum Company was an early twentieth century petroleum company in Texas founded on April 24, 1911 by the Sealy family of Galveston, as a consolidation of several earlier companies.
 Standard Oil of New York (Socony) exchanged its stock for all of the Magnolia stock (except seven shares for the Directors) in December 1925 though it continued to operate as an affiliate of Socony.
 Socony merged with Vacuum Oil Company in 1931, becoming Socony-Vacuum Oil Company.
 Magnolia Petroleum continued to operate as a subsidiary of Socony-Vacuum.
 In 1959, Magnolia was fully incorporated into the Mobil division of Socony-Vacuum, which later changed its name to Socony Mobil and, ultimately to Mobil Mobil Oil Corporation.
