Raleigh Springs Mall was an enclosed shopping mall serving the city of Memphis, Tennessee, USA.
 The site is located on the north side of Memphis, on Austin Peay Hwy.
 just north of Interstate 40.
 Opened in 1971 as one of the city's first two shopping malls (the other being Southland Mall), owned and managed by Angela Whichard, Inc., Raleigh Springs Mall originally featured about seventy stores later to be remodeled and feature a twelve-screen multiplex, with four anchor stores, formerly occupied by Sears, JCPenney, Goldsmith's and Dillard's.
 The theater closed in December 2011, Sears closed in April 2011, and the other three anchors closed in 2003.
 The mall was later seized by the City of Memphis in favor to build a city Civic Center.
 The mall closed with 3 business still operating, City Trends, World Diamond Center, and a church.
 Some of the anchor stores JCPenney and Sears have been demolished leaving the movie theater, Dillard's, and the main building left.
 As of the end of 2016, the remaining buildings were surrounded by gates.
Eagle Ridge Mall is a regional, enclosed shopping mall located on the north side of Lake Wales, Florida.
 This mall has two anchor stores: JCPenney and Dillard's.
 It also has a Regal Cinemas, which has twelve theatres, and a large entertainment center, which contains a bowling alley, a large video arcade, a restaurant and meeting rooms.
 On the north side of the mall is a large food court and a carousel.
 Sears relocated from an existing mall, Winter Haven Mall, in nearby Winter Haven.
Karcher Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Nampa, Idaho, U.S..
 The mall opened in August 1965 with Buttrey Food & Drug, Rasco-Tempo, and Skaggs Drug Centers as anchor stores.
 The mall was the largest shopping center in the Treasure Valley until 1988 when the Boise Towne Square Mall was opened in Boise.
 The new mall directed traffic away for the Karcher Mall and several retailers, including 20-year-old anchor JCPenney, departed the mall to move to Boise.
 Since then, the mall has been sold to numerous owners, each of which attempted to revitalize the mall to mixed results.
 Today, the mall has 28 stores, including anchor stores Burlington Coat Factory, Discount Furniture, Jo-Ann Fabrics, Ross Dress for Less, and Mor Furniture, and is owned by Milan Properties, Inc.
Rhode Island Mall was a two-story, enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Warwick, Rhode Island, United States.
 It opened in October 1967 as the Midland Mall, as the first two-level mall in Warwick, RI.
 In 1970, Warwick Mall was opened just North of the Midland Mall, across Interstate 295.
 Although the two malls co-existed for several years, Rhode Island Mall began to lose stores once G. Fox, one of its anchor stores, was converted to Filene's in 1993 and closed in 1997.
 Sears closed in September 2017.
Metrocenter Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in South Jackson.
 The largest enclosed shopping mall in Mississippi, it is composed of 1,250,000 square feet of retail space on two levels, including four anchor spaces.
 Regional real estate developer Jim Wilson & Associates built the mall in Mississippi's capital city in 1978, as one of its portfolio of properties throughout the southeastern United States.
 Key tenants as of 2014 include one of two Burlington Coat Factory stores in the state, and offices of the City of Jackson.
 The mall is located near the junction of Interstates 20 and 220, along South Jackson's U.S. Highway 80 corridor.
 After years of ownership by Cannon Management and Jackson Metrocenter Limited, a decade-long decline at the mall led to a foreclosure in November 2012, and subsequent sale to Metrocenter Mall, LLC.
Warwick Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Warwick, Rhode Island, on the north side of Interstate 295 near the junction with Interstate 95.
 Composed of more than 1000000 sqft of retail space, it features more than 80 stores and a food court.
 The mall opened for business in 1970, with Boston-based Filene's and Jordan Marsh alongside Providence-based Peerless and The Outlet, and national chain Woolworth as initial anchors, JCPenney being later added as a sixth anchor.
State Route 895 (SR 895), also known as the Pocahontas Parkway and Pocahontas 895, is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia.
 It connects the junction of Interstate 95 and State Route 150 in Chesterfield County with Interstate 295 near Richmond International Airport in Henrico County, forming part of a southeastern bypass of Richmond.
 Due to a quirk in the evolution of the road, the long-planned designation of Interstate 895 could not be used.
Rooms To Go Incorporated is American furniture store chain.
 Based in Seffner, Florida the company operates 226 stores in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Puerto Rico.
 The company was founded in September 1990 by Jeffrey and Morty Seaman, when they sold Seaman Furniture Company.
 According to Furniture Today, Rooms To Go is the 3rd largest furniture retailer in the US.
McCain Mall is the largest enclosed shopping mall by leasable area in the Little Rock metropolitan area, located near Interstate 40 in North Little Rock, Arkansas.
 The shopping hub was officially dedicated in April 1973, although its primary anchor, Little Rock-based Pfiefer-Blass, had opened for business in late 1972.
 Among its 80 stores and services were a J.G. McCrory 5 and 10 and McCain Mall Cinema I and II.
 The shopping center was the largest in the state until an addition was completed as Fort Smith's Central Mall in 1986.
 McCain Mall is one of two enclosed shopping centers within Central Arkansas, with the other enclosed mall being the larger (by number of stores) Park Plaza Mall, located in Little Rock.
 Anchors are Dillard's, JCPenney and Sears.
Roomful Express Furniture was a Pittsburgh-area furniture retailer.
 The company was founded in 1958 by Robert Kuhn as Freight Liquidators for the original purpose of importing Italian furniture and then reselling it to independent dealers.
 The company evolved from a third-party distributor that was centrally based in a warehouse on Pittsburgh's North Side into a "big box" furniture store by purchasing stock from one of its primary customers, Gimbels Department Store.
 The first stand-alone store was opened in 1973.
 The company now has annual sales of around $78 million and employs 350.
