The Park Avenue Tunnel, also called the Murray Hill Tunnel, is a 1600 ft tunnel that passes under seven blocks of Park Avenue in Murray Hill, in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
 Traffic currently goes northbound from 33rd Street toward the Park Avenue Viaduct.
 The tunnel is under the jurisdiction of the New York City Department of Transportation, and carries one lane of northbound car traffic from East 33rd Street to East 40th Street; from 40th Street north, traffic must follow the Park Avenue Viaduct around Grand Central Terminal to 46th Street.
 The vertical clearance is 8 ft .
383 Madison Avenue is an office building owned and occupied by JP Morgan Chase in New York City on a full block bound by Madison Avenue and Vanderbilt Avenue between East 46th and 47th Streets.
 Formerly known as the Bear Stearns Building, it housed the world headquarters of the now-defunct Bear Stearns from the building's completion until Bear's collapse and sale to JPMorgan Chase in 2008.
 The building now houses the New York offices for J.P. Morgan's investment banking division, which formerly occupied 277 Park Avenue.
 Both 383 Madison and 277 Park are adjacent to JPMorgan Chase's world headquarters at 270 Park Avenue.
Deering Oaks is a 55 acre public park in Portland, Maine, which has a baseball diamond, tennis courts, a playground, and a pond.
 It is located west of downtown Portland and is bordered by Deering Avenue on the west, Forest Avenue on the east, Park Avenue to the south and Interstate 295 to the north.
 State Street bisects the park.
 Access is from State Street, Deering Avenue, or Park Avenue.
 The Portland Farmers Market is located on the Park Avenue side of the park.
 The park is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Park Avenue House is a high rise residential building located at 2305 Park Avenue in the Park Avenue Historic District in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 It should not be confused with the nearby Park Avenue Hotel, which was demolished in 2015.
Park Avenue was a station on the Charlotte Trolley heritage streetcar line in South End of Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.
 The station first opened for service on August 30, 1996, with one track and one platform, located south adjacent to Park Avenue.
 After nearly a decade of service, the station was permanently closed on February 6, 2006.
 The relocation of Bland Street station, for the LYNX Blue Line, and the already close proximity of East/West Boulevard station made Park Avenue redundant and thus unnecessary.
 By end of 2006, the side platform and structure was razed; what remains at the former location are some brick and concrete foundation and a stone pattern walkway connecting to Park Avenue.
The Church of St. Ignatius of Loyola is a Roman Catholic parish church located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City, administered by the Society of Jesus (Jesuits).
 The parish is under the authority of the Archdiocese of New York, and was established in 1851 as St. Lawrence O'Toole's Church.
 In 1898, permission to change the patron saint of the parish from St. Lawrence O’Toole to St. Ignatius of Loyola was granted by Rome.
 The address is 980 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10028.
 The church on the southwest corner of Park Avenue and 84th Street is part of a Jesuit complex on the block that includes Wallace Hall, the parish hall, beneath the church, the rectory at the midblock location on Park Avenue, the grade school of St. Ignatius's School on the north midblock location of 84th Street behind the church and the high school of Loyola School (also 980 Park Avenue) at the northwest corner of Park Avenue and 83rd Street.
 In addition, another Jesuit high school, Regis High School (55 E 84th Street), occupies the midblock location on the north side of 84th Street.
 The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24, 1980.
270 Park Avenue (also known as the JPMorgan Chase Tower and formerly the Union Carbide Building) is a high-rise office building located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
 It was designed by Natalie de Blois for Skidmore, Owings & Merrill.
Tinley Park Station (also known as Tinley Park-Oak Park Avenue Station) is an elaborate commuter railroad station along Metra's Rock Island District line in Tinley Park, Illinois.
 The station is officially located at 6700 South Street between Oak Park Avenue and 66th Court, however parking is also available on the opposite side of the station along North Street between Oak Park Avenue and 67th Avenue, as well as the center of the block of Oak Park Avenue, 173rd Street, 67th Court and 172nd Street.
 Another parking area exists along South Street opposite the main parking lot at the station.
 The station itself is lies 23.5 mi away from LaSalle Street, the northern terminus of the line.
245 Park Avenue (formerly American Tobacco Company Building, American Brands Building and Bear Stearns Building) is a 648-ft (198 m) tall skyscraper in New York City, New York.
 It was completed in 1967 and has 48 floors (1.7 million square feet).
 Shreve, Lamb and Harmon designed the building.
 The Building Owners and Managers Association awarded the 2000/2001 Pinnacle Award to 245 Park Avenue.
 The site used to be occupied by the second Grand Central Palace exhibition hall, which was demolished in 1964 to make way for 245 Park Avenue.
655 Park Avenue is a Georgian-style co-op residential building on Manhattan's Upper East Side, located on Park Avenue between 67th Street and 68th Street, adjacent to the Park Avenue Armory.
 It was developed in 1924 by Dwight P. Robinson & Company.
 The building at 655 Park Avenue was designed by architects James Edwin Ruthven Carpenter, Jr., often referred to by the initials "J.E.R. Carpenter", and Mott B. Schmidt.
 Carpenter is considered the leading architect for luxury residential high-rise buildings in New York City in the early 1900s, while Schmidt is known for his buildings in the American Georgian Classical style, including Sutton Place and houses for New York City's society figures and business elite.
