Feathers is the electronic music project of Anastasia Dimou, formed in 2011 in Austin, Texas.
 The band's live lineup has included Christine Aprile (Silent Diane), Drew Citron (Frankie Rose, Beverly, Avan Lava), Alex Gehring (Ringo Deathstarr), Jordan Johns (Sound Team), Jon Minor, Destiny Montague (Midnight Masses, Shock Cinema), and Su Swann (Hussle Club).
Night Striker (ナイトストライカー , Naito Sutoraikā ) is a 1989 shoot 'em up video game developed and published by Taito for the Taito Z System.
 In the game, the player flies an armoured car shooting enemy invaders to destroy a terrorist organisation.
 "Night Striker" combines gameplay elements of Sega's "Space Harrier" and "Out Run".
 Versions were released for the Sega Mega CD in 1993, Sony PlayStation in 1995, and Sega Saturn (as "Night Striker S") in 1996.
 A version was released on the "Taito Memories II Gekan" compilation for the PlayStation 2 in 2007.
 "Night Striker" received mixed reviews, and the Mega CD version in particular was heavily criticised, primarily due to poor graphics.
 The music was composed by Taito's Zuntata sound team, and has been released separately.
 The game was only released in Japan.
Konami Kukeiha Club (コナミ矩形波倶楽部 , konami kukeiha kurabu , lit.
 "Konami Square Wave Club", referring to square waves used in chiptunes in the 1980s) is Konami's sound team.
 It is often confused with 矩形波倶楽部 (Kukeiha Club), Konami's in-house band that has released albums consisting of their studio performances.
 They are primarily responsible for the sound and music in the majority of Konami video games.
 One of their best known works is the soundtrack to Genso Suikoden — the majority of the material being composed by member Miki Higashino (Miki-Chan).
 Motoaki Furukawa (main arranger and guitarist) has been known to perform live with members not part of the in-house band, credited under "Konami Kukeiha Club".
 For example, disc 1 of the "Konami All Stars: The Senryo-Bako Heisei 4 Nen Ban" album (KICA-1053~55) is titled "Konami Kukeiha Club Live in Tōkyō."
Sound Team was an American band based in Austin, Texas that formed in 2000 around principal songwriters Bill Baird and Matt Oliver.
 For most of their recording career, Sound Team consisted of Bill Baird (bass, guitar, vocals), Matt Oliver (guitar, piano, vocals), Jordan Johns (drums, percussion), Sam Sanford (guitar), Michael Baird (synthesizer, tapes) and Gabe Pearlman (organ).
 Sanford and Michael Baird left the group in 2006.
 The band continued to record and tour briefly with a new lineup, but finally disbanded in late 2007.
Matt Oliver (born June 14, 1979), is an American musician and producer.
 Oliver is a former member of indie rock bands Sound Team and TV Torso and has toured extensively with The Walkmen's Peter Matthew Bauer.
 Oliver's engineering credits include sessions with Bill Callahan
The S.S.T. Band (エスエスティーバンド ) (Sega Sound Team) was Sega's official in-house band from 1988 to 1993, specializing in rock versions of Sega arcade game themes for Japan-only compilation albums and festival appearances.
 Consisting of six musicians who worked in Sega's sound department at the time, the band included keyboardists Hiroshi Kawaguchi, Katsuhiro Hayashi, and Kimitaka Matsumae; guitarists Koichi Namiki and Jouji Iijima; bassists Sachio Ogawa and Shingo Komori; and drummer Takehiko Tanabe.
 Kawaguchi and Komori left the band in 1990 and were replaced by Takenobu Mitsuyoshi on keyboards and Masato Saito on bass, respectively.
Hiroshi Kawaguchi (川口 博史 , Kawaguchi Hiroshi , born April 12, 1965) is a Japanese video game music composer and keyboardist who works for Sega.
 He is among the oldest of the Sega sound team members, and one of the few from the 1980s still active today.
 He joined Sega in 1984 as a programmer, but quit the job and became a composer the following year.
Tenmon (天門 ) , born Atsushi Shirakawa (白川 篤史 , Shirakawa Atsushi ) , is a Japanese music composer from Tokyo, Japan born in 1971.
 He worked in the Nihon Falcom Corporation as one of the members of Falcom Sound Team J.D.K..
 During his time with Falcom, he has composed much music for Falcom games, most notably Brandish.
Bill Baird is an American musician and creative technologist.
 Formerly a member of Sound Team, Baird began performing solo in 2006, first as "<nowiki></nowiki>" and later under his own name.
 He appeared in the 2010 documentary "", a chronicle of the Austin, Texas music scene, where he offered a negative assessment of his time signed to a major record label.
 He wrote an article along those lines for Impose Magazine, which turned into several more articles about the music industry.
The English cricket team in Australia in 1946–47 was captained by Wally Hammond, with Norman Yardley as his vice-captain and Bill Edrich as the senior professional.
 It played as England in the 1946-47 Ashes series against the Australians and as the MCC in their other matches on the tour.
 They were regarded as a sound team which was just as strong as Australia, but due to the Second World War they were an ageing side (only Godfrey Evans was under 28) and their bowling depended heavily on Alec Bedser and Doug Wright, who were overused and exhausted as a result.
 Australia beat England 3-0 in a five-match series to retain the Ashes; England suffered the worst defeat in a Test series since losing 4–1 to Australia in 1924–25.
 Since 1881, Tests in Australia were played to finish.
 That rule was changed for this series, and for the first time in 65 years, a test played in Australia ended in a draw when the third test was drawn.
