"Can’t Stand the Pain" is a song by the Bulgarian rock band “Sevi” and it was the first official single with featured video of Sevi band.
 Written by Svetlana “Sevi” Bliznakova in her early years of composing, the song was originally recorded as a collaboration between Sevi and Peter Bratanov.
 He was former guitarist of the alternative rock band "Awake" and year later, became a member of the band Sevi and the song was recorded as an official debut single and video of the band.
 “Can’t Stand The Pain” turned out to be a very successful choice for Sevi.
 It was liked by the Bulgarian fans of the band, and also it brought Sevi an international success.
 Thanks to this song, they were chosen for "Band of the week" in Lima (Peru).
Manwomanchild is a rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania fronted by David Child.
 The band was started in Rhode Island in 2008.
 In February 2010, the band release a self-titled EP recorded at Machines with Magnets in Pawtucket, RI.
 The band's lineup for the EP and album consisted of David Child on vocals, guitars, and synths, Mason Neely on drums, and Craig Gifford on bass.
 In May 2010, Manwomanchild released the song "Chile La Roja" in support of Chile's 2010 World Cup team.
 The song was featured in 4 national newspapers and on 2 Chilean TV networks.
Peter Gifford (born 5 April 1955), sometimes known as "Giffo," is an Australian musician.
 From 1980 until 1987 he played bass guitar, Chapman Stick and sang backing vocals for Australian rock band Midnight Oil.
 His last recorded work with the oils was diesel and dust.
 he did not tour this album and Bones Hillman was recruited to play bass and fill the hole in what was a raucous rhythm section (Bones remains the oils base man still).
The Atlantics are an Australian surf rock band founded in 1961.
 Initially, the band lineup consisted of drummer Peter Hood, bassist Bosco Bosanac, Theo Penglis on lead and rhythm guitar, and guitarist Eddy Matzenik.
 Matzenik was replaced by Jim Skaithitis while the band was still in its earliest stages.
 The band's claim to fame was as Australia's most successful of the genre.
 Most well known for their classic hit, "Bombora", their later recordings such as "Come On" are examples of 1960s garage rock.
 They were the first Australian rock band to write their own hits.
 In 2000 the group reformed with three of the original members, and continue to release new material and perform in concert.
 In 2013 the group celebrated the 50th Anniversary of their first album, "Bombora" and the eponymous single that was their first to chart.
 A European tour was organised to mark the occasion.
Saving Forever is an American pop rock band from South Chicago, Illinois made up of brothers Khaden (born 2004), Kye (born 2002) and Kavah Harris (born 2001).
 The trio released "Twenty 1" followed by the single "Million Ways" in 2017 accompanied by a music video.
 The sibling band comes from a very musical family.
 It was picked as Elvis Duran's Artist of the Month and was featured on NBC's "Today" show hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb and broadcast nationally where they performed live their single "Million Ways".
...And Out Come the Wolves is the third studio album by the American punk rock band Rancid.
 It was released on August 22, 1995, through Epitaph Records.
 Rancid's popularity and catchy songs made them the subject of a major label bidding war (hence the title, "...And Out Come the Wolves" taken from a poem in Jim Carroll's The Basketball Diaries) that ended with the band staying on Epitaph.
 With a sound heavily influenced by ska, which called to mind Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman's past in Operation Ivy, Rancid became one of the few bands of the mid-to late-1990s boom in punk rock to retain much of its original fanbase.
 In terms of record sales and certifications, "…And Out Come the Wolves" is a popular album in the United States.
 It produced three hit singles: "Roots Radicals", "Time Bomb" and "Ruby Soho", that earned Rancid its heaviest airplay on MTV and radio stations to date.
 All the singles charted on Modern Rock Tracks. "
…And Out Come the Wolves" was certified gold by the RIAA on January 22, 1996.
 It was certified platinum on September 23, 2004.
Kill Casino is an English rock band, featuring Karen Luan on lead vocals and bass, Chris Ryan on guitar and Paul-Luc Gifford on drums.
The Chosen Few were an Australian rock band active between 1985 to 1992.
 Signed to Mushroom Records and managed by Stuart Coupe, the Chosen Few released four singles and a lone album "Friends, Foes and Firewood" (1990).
 Despite constant national touring (including opening for major touring acts like Jerry Harrison, Cheap Trick and Billy Joel on their respective Australian tours) and receiving support from the country's most influential radio stations; chart success eluded the Chosen Few with only a cover version of the band's song 'Rise' becoming a hit for popular Australian singer Daryl Braithwaite.
 Braithwaite's version of 'Rise' is also the title track of his successful 1990 album, and remains a staple on Australian commercial radio.
"When I Come Around" is a song released by American punk rock band Green Day.
 It is the tenth track on their third studio album, "Dookie", which was released as the fourth single from that album in 1995.
 It was played live as early as 29 August 1992.
 "When I Come Around" was Green Day's most popular radio single in their early career, peaking at number 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay.
 This was their highest charting radio single until 2004's "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" peaked at number 2.
 It was one of the most successful alternative rock songs of 1995.
 It topped the Modern Rock Tracks for seven weeks, and also hit number two on the Mainstream Rock Tracks.
 "When I Come Around" has sold 639,000 copies as of August, 2010, which makes it the band's second best-selling single of the 1990s, only behind the 1997 hit "Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)".
"Come On, Come In" is a song by American hard rock band Velvet Revolver, featured on the soundtrack to the 2005 superhero film "Fantastic Four".
 When released as a promotional single in the United States on June 21, 2005, the song reached number 14 on the American "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
 The lyrics were written by vocalist Scott Weiland and the music was written by Weiland and the rest of the band; the song was produced by the band, Douglas Grean and Nick Raskulinecz.
 The music video for "Come On, Come In" was directed by Wayne Isham.
