Kevin McKidd (born 9 August 1973) is a Scottish-American television and film actor, director, and occasional singer.
 Before playing the role of Owen Hunt in "Grey's Anatomy", for which he is perhaps most widely known, McKidd starred as Dan Vasser in the NBC Series "Journeyman" (2007), Tommy in Danny Boyle's "Trainspotting" (1996), Count Vronsky in the BBC miniseries "Anna Karenina" (2000), and Lucius Vorenus in the historical drama series "Rome" (2005–2007).
 He also provides the voice of John "Soap" MacTavish in the video games "" and "".
 He also played Poseidon in the film "".
Iceberg is an original novel written by David Banks and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
 It was number 18 (of 61) in the Virgin New Adventures range and featured the Cybermen, being a sequel to the serials "The Invasion" and "The Tenth Planet".
 The events of the novel run concurrently with those of "Birthright".
 Banks as an actor portrayed the Cyber Leader in several "Doctor Who" serials.
 A prelude to the novel, also penned by Banks, appeared in "Doctor Who Magazine" #204.
Christopher Mintz-Plasse ( ; born June 20, 1989) is an American actor and musician who has performed roles such as Fogell (better known as "McLovin") in "Superbad", Augie Farcques in "Role Models", and as Chris D'Amico in "Kick-Ass" and its sequel "Kick-Ass 2".
Hit-Girl (Mindy McCready (comic) or Macready (film)) is a fictional character appearing in the "Kick-Ass" series, published by Marvel Comics under the company's imprint Icon Comics.
 The character was created by artist John Romita, Jr. and writer Mark Millar.
 She is a young but effective vigilante, trained by her father Damon McCready (a.k.a. Big Daddy) from an early age to be a costumed superhero and assassin.
 In "Kick-Ass", she is introduced as a supporting character.
 She featured in her own self-titled comic book series, "Hit-Girl", which was first published on 27 June 2012.
 She is portrayed by Chloë Grace Moretz in the feature film adaptations "Kick-Ass" and "Kick Ass 2".
Anna Karenina is a 2012 British historical romance film directed by Joe Wright.
 Adapted by Tom Stoppard from Leo Tolstoy's 1877 novel of the same name, the film depicts the tragedy of Russian aristocrat and socialite Anna Karenina, wife of senior statesman Alexei Karenin, and her affair with the affluent officer Count Vronsky which leads to her ultimate demise.
 Keira Knightley stars in the lead role as Karenina, marking her third collaboration with Wright following both "Pride & Prejudice" (2005) and "Atonement" (2007), while Jude Law and Aaron Taylor-Johnson appear as Karenin and Vronsky, respectively.
 Matthew Macfadyen, Kelly Macdonald, Domhnall Gleeson and Alicia Vikander appear in key supporting roles.
Kick-Ass (real name David "Dave" Lizewski) is a title character and the protagonist of the "Kick-Ass" series, published by Marvel Comics under the company’s imprint Icon Comics.
 The character was created by artist John Romita, Jr. and writer Mark Millar.
 Prior to the series, Dave Lizewski is a high school student and comic book fan whose dreams inspire him to become a real life superhero, going by the name "Kick-Ass", with no superpowers or training of any kind.
 He is portrayed by Aaron Taylor-Johnson in the feature film adaptations "Kick-Ass" and "Kick-Ass 2".
Count von Count, often known simply as "the Count" or "Count Count", is one of the Muppet characters on "Sesame Street".
 The Count is a vampire modeled after Bela Lugosi's interpretation of Count Dracula.
Garrett M. Brown (born November 7, 1948) is an American character actor.
 He is known for portraying Bob Russell in "Uncle Buck" (1989) and James Lizewski in "Kick-Ass" (2010) and "Kick-Ass 2" (2013).
 He also played the titular lead role in "Hello, My Name Is Frank" (2014).
Anna Karenina is a musical with a book and lyrics by Peter Kellogg and music by Daniel Levine.
 Based on the classic Leo Tolstoy novel of the same name, it focuses on the tragic title character, a fashionable but unhappily married woman, and her ill-fated liaison with Count Vronsky, which ultimately leads to her downfall.
 Directed by Theodore Mann, the Broadway production opened on August 26, 1992 at the Circle in the Square Theatre and ran for 46 performances.
 The cast included Ann Crumb in the title role and John Cunningham as Nicolai Karenin.
Kieron Moore (born Ciarán Ó hAnnracháin Anglicised Kieron O’Hanrahan) (5 October 1924 – 15 July 2007) was an Irish film and television actor whose career was at its peak in the 1950s and 1960s.
 He may be best remembered for his role as Count Vronsky in the 1948 film adaptation of "Anna Karenina" opposite Vivien Leigh.
