Johan Rudolf Kjellén (] , 13 June 1864, Torsö – 14 November 1922, Uppsala) was a Swedish political scientist and politician who first coined the term "geopolitics".
 His work was influenced by Friedrich Ratzel.
 Along with Alexander von Humboldt, Karl Ritter, and Ratzel, Kjellén would lay the foundations for the German "Geopolitik" that would later be espoused prominently by General Karl Haushofer.
The Black Power movement was a political movement to achieve a form of Black Power and the many philosophies it contains.
 The movement saw various forms of activism some violent and some peaceful, all hoping to achieve black empowerment.
 The Black Power movement also represented socialist movements, all with the general motivation of improving the standing of black people in society.
 Originated during the Civil Rights Movement, some doubted the philosophy of the movement begging for more radical action, taking influences from Malcolm X.
 The cornerstone of the movement was the Black Panther Party, a Black Power organization dedicated to socialism and the use of violence to achieve it.
 The Black Power movement developed amidst the criticisms of the Civil Rights Movement in the early 1960s, and over time and into the 1970s, the movement grew and became more violent.
 After years of violence, many left the movement and the police began arresting violent actors in the movement.
 The Black Power movement also spilled out into the Caribbean creating the Black Power Revolution.
The Musar movement (also Mussar movement) is a Jewish ethical, educational and cultural movement that developed in the 19th century in Lithuania, particularly among Orthodox Lithuanian Jews.
 The Hebrew term "Musar" (), is from the book of "Proverbs" 1:2 meaning moral conduct, instruction or discipline.
 The term was used by the Musar movement to refer to efforts to further ethical and spiritual discipline.
 The Musar Movement made significant contributions to Musar literature and Jewish Ethics.
That the history of Corsica has been influenced by its strategic position at the heart of the western Mediterranean and its maritime routes, only 12 km from Sardinia, 50 km from the Isle of Elba, 80 km from the coast of Tuscany and 200 km from the French port of Nice, was first proposed by the 19th-century German theorist, Friedrich Ratzel.
 To him is often attributed the description "mountain in the sea".
 Regardless of whether he used that particular phrase the idea is expressed in his magnum opus, "Anthropogeographie", which calls Corsica
A grassroots movement (often referenced in the context of a political movement) is one which uses the people in a given district as the basis for a political or economic movement.
 Grassroots movements and organizations use collective action from the local level to effect change at the local, regional, national, or international level.
 Grassroots movements are associated with bottom-up, rather than top-down decision making, and are sometimes considered more natural or spontaneous than more traditional power structures.
 Grassroots movements, using self-organization, encourages community members to contribute by taking responsibility and action for their community.
 Grassroots movements utilize a variety of strategies from fundraising and registering voters, to simply encouraging political conversation.
 Goals of specific movements vary, but the movements are consistent in their focus on increasing mass participation in politics.
 These political movements may begin as small and at the local level, but grassroots politics as Cornel West contends are necessary in shaping progressive politics as they bring public attention to regional political concerns
The Nine-Hour Movement started in Canada in 1872, based out of Hamilton, Ontario.
 This marked Canada's first national attempt at a labour movement, pushing for the nine-hour work day which united both unionized and non-unionized workers alike.
 The movement came to its height in May 1872 when a collective force of 1,500 workers demonstrated in Hamilton in a parade-style fashion, which is coined as being the precursor to the traditional holiday of Canada's Labour Day.
 Although the movement was an overall failure, as it failed to deliver the nine-hour work day to the majority of work forces and industries, this movement made a major mark in labour relations in Canada.
The Gongche Shangshu movement (Traditional Chinese: 公車上書, Simplified Chinese: 公车上书) was a political movement in late Qing dynasty China, seeking reforms and expressing opposition to the Treaty of Shimonoseki in 1895.
 It is considered the first modern political movement in China.
 Leaders of the movement later became leaders of the Hundred Days' Reform.
Friedrich Ratzel (August 30, 1844 – August 9, 1904) was a German geographer and ethnographer, notable for first using the term "Lebensraum" ("living space") in the sense that the National Socialists later would.
The Bolivarian Continental Movement (Spanish: "Movimiento Continental Bolivariano") is a political movement named after South American independence hero Simón Bolívar.
 The political movement was founded in Caracas, Venezuela on December 8, 2009 by a group of 950 left-wing activists from 26 Latin American nations.
Al-Ard (Arabic: الارض‎ ‎ , "The Land") was a Palestinian political movement made up of Arab citizens of Israel active between 1958 and some time in the 1970s which attracted international attention.
 Following unsuccessful efforts to secure registration of the organization as an Israeli NGO and secure it a publishing permit, it was outlawed in 1964.
 The political movement's goal was, according to political historian David McDowall, "to achieve complete equality and social justice for all classes of people in Israel" and "to find a just solution for the Palestine problem as a whole, and as an indivisible unit."
 Al-Ard's disappearance as a movement was linked both to governmental and popular resistance, with the Israeli Community Party denouncing the group and Palestinian Arab communities inside of Israel concerned that Al-Ard might destroy them.
