Affinity is a 2008 UK film adaptation of Sarah Waters' 1999 novel of the same name; directed by Tim Fywell and screenplay by Andrew Davies.
 The film was nominated for the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding TV Movie or Limited Series.
The Turn of the Screw (also known as Ghost Story: The Turn of the Screw) is a British television film based on Henry James's 1898 ghost story of the same name.
 Commissioned and produced by the BBC, it was first broadcast on 30 December 2009, on BBC One.
 The novella was adapted for the screen by Sandy Welch, and the film was directed by Tim Fywell.
 Although generally true to the tone and story of James's work, the film is set in the 1920s—in contrast to the original 1840s setting—and accentuates sexual elements that some theorists have identified in the novella.
 The film's story is told in flashbacks during consultations between the institutionalised Ann (Michelle Dockery) and Dr Fisher (Dan Stevens).
 Ann tells how she was hired by an aristocrat (Mark Umbers) to care for the orphans Miles (Josef Lindsay) and Flora (Eva Sayer).
 She is met at the children's home, Bly, by Mrs Grose (Sue Johnston), the housekeeper.
 Ann soon begins to see unknown figures around the manor, and seeks an explanation.
"I'll Be Your Everything" is a song by the boy band Youngstown that served as the theme for the movie "Inspector Gadget".
 The song was written by Haim Saban, Shuki Levy, Steve Durham, Skee-Lo, Tim James and Josh Stevens and produced by the Groove Brothers.
Normahl is a German punk band formed in 1978 in Winnenden near Stuttgart by four high school students.
 Their first major entry into the U.S. was with the song Keine Überdosis Deutschland featured in the hit movie Euro Trip.
Inspector Gadget is a 1999 American action-comedy film directed by David Kellogg, written by Kerry Ehrin and Zak Penn from a story by Ehrin and Dana Olsen.
 It is loosely based on the 1983 animated cartoon series of the same name.
 It stars Matthew Broderick as the title character, along with Rupert Everett as Dr. Claw, Michelle Trachtenberg as Penny, and Dabney Coleman as Chief Quimby.
 Three new characters were introduced, Dr. Brenda Bradford (played by Joely Fisher), Mayor Wilson (played by Cheri Oteri) and the Gadgetmobile (voiced by D. L. Hughley).
 The film tells the story of how Inspector Gadget and Dr. Claw came to be in the cartoon.
Michelle Christine Trachtenberg (born October 11, 1985) is an American actress.
 She is known for portraying Nona F. Mecklenberg in "The Adventures of Pete & Pete" (1994–96), Dawn Summers in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (2000–03), Celeste in "Six Feet Under" (2004), and Georgina Sparks in "Gossip Girl" (2008–12).
 She has also appeared in films such as "Harriet the Spy" (1996), "Inspector Gadget" (1999), "EuroTrip" (2004), "Ice Princess" (2005), "Black Christmas" (2006), "17 Again" (2009), "Cop Out" (2010), "Weeds" (2011), and "Killing Kennedy" (2013).
Josh Saltzman is a Canadian Comedy Award winning comedian, writer and director who resides in Toronto, Ontario.
 He is currently the head writer of DHX Media's new "Inspector Gadget" series produced for Teletoon in Canada (seen on Netflix in the United States), and has written for many television shows including: HBO Canada's "Call Me Fitz", Disney XD's "Fangbone!
" and CBC's "This Hour Has 22 Minutes".
 Saltzman won the 2010 Canadian Comedy Award for best Web Clip for his video "That Thing That Happened" which he co-wrote, co-directed and starred in with Lindsay Ames.
 He is also the winner of the 2008 Tim Sims Encouragement Award as 7 Minutes in Heaven.
 He was a member of the Canadian Comedy Award-winning sketch troupe The Sketchersons from 2009 - 2010.
 He has appeared on the Comedy Network on the show "Upload Yours" in which he had an entire episode devoted to his Online videos
Tim Fywell (born 3 October 1951 in Fulham, London, England) is a well respected English, television and film director.
 In 2003 he made his first feature debut with "I Capture the Castle", an adaptation of the novel of the same title by Dodie Smith.
 Fywell directed his first Hollywood feature, "Ice Princess" starring Michelle Trachtenberg, in 2005.
 Fywell started his career in British television, directing episodes of "Brookside".
 Fywell recently directed the award winning "Happy Valley" 2 episodes (2014).
Nickelodeon Sunday Movie Toons was a series of animated made-for-TV movies, which lasted for just one season (2002) on Nickelodeon.
 It started on October 6, 2002 and ended on December 29, 2002.
 Produced by DIC Entertainment, the made-for-TV films are either based on various DIC productions such as "Inspector Gadget", "", and "Dennis the Menace", or are loose adaptations of stories from classic literature such as "Treasure Island" and "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea".
 One film, "Groove Squad", which was about a group of crimefighting cheerleaders, was an original story.
 All of these films were later released to VHS and DVD in the U.S. by MGM Home Entertainment under the "DIC Movie Toons" label.
 In 2008, Gaiam re-released the films on DVD.
Inspector Gadget's Field Trip (onscreen title: Field Trip Starring Inspector Gadget) is a spin-off incarnation of Inspector Gadget, produced by DIC Entertainment in 1996 and aired on the The History Channel, where it was rerun until 2000.
 26 episodes mixing animation with live-action were produced.
 Don Adams returned as the voice of Inspector Gadget.
 The series was an educational travelogue program for children, in which the animated Gadget would show viewers the many different sites in famous cities around the world via live-action-clips with historical facts.
 The theme song is slightly similar to the one in the Gadget Boy series.
 In fact, Gadget Boy sometimes makes a cameo appearance in the show (e.g. St. Augustine, Florida episode).
