The Florida Atlantic Owls women's basketball team represents Florida Atlantic University in women's basketball.
 The school competes in Conference USA in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).
 The Owls play home basketball games at FAU Arena in Boca Raton, Florida.
Florida Atlantic Owls football program represents Florida Atlantic University (FAU) in the sport of American football.
 The Owls compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the East Division of Conference USA (CUSA).
 They will be coached by Lane Kiffin for the start of the 2017 season.
 Florida Atlantic has produced a Sun Belt Conference co-championship team in 2007, along with 2 postseason bowl appearances and one appearance in the 2003 I-AA Playoffs.
 The Owls play their home games at FAU Stadium which has a seating capacity of 29,419.
The Florida Atlantic Owls are the athletics teams of Florida Atlantic University.
 The Owls participate in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I as members of Conference USA.
 Florida Atlantic has attracted high-profile coaches for various sports, including Howard Schnellenberger for football and Mike Jarvis for basketball.
 Former coaches include Matt Doherty, Rex Walters, and Sidney Green.
 The director of athletics is Patrick Chun.
Florida Atlantic University (also referred to as FAU or Florida Atlantic) is a public university located in Boca Raton, Florida, with five satellite campuses located in the Florida cities of Dania Beach, Davie, Fort Lauderdale, Jupiter, and in Fort Pierce at the Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution.
 FAU belongs to the 12-campus State University System of Florida and serves South Florida, which has a population of more than five million people and spans more than 100 miles (160 km) of coastline.
 Florida Atlantic University is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a research university with high research activity.
 The university offers more than 180 undergraduate and graduate degree programs within its 10 colleges in addition to a professional degree from the College of Medicine.
 Programs of study cover arts and humanities, the sciences, medicine, nursing, accounting, business, education, public administration, social work, architecture, engineering, and computer science.
The 2013 Florida Atlantic Owls baseball team represents Florida Atlantic University in the sport of baseball for the 2013 college baseball season.
 The Owls compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Sun Belt Conference.
 They play their home games at FAU Baseball Stadium, on the university's Boca Raton, Florida campus.
 The team is coached by John McCormack, who is in his fifth season at Florida Atlantic.
The Florida Atlantic Owls basketball team represents Florida Atlantic University, an NCAA Division I college basketball team, that competes in Conference USA.
The 2008 Florida Atlantic Owls baseball team will be the intercollegiate baseball team of Florida Atlantic University.
 It competes on the Division I level in the Sun Belt Conference.
 The 2008 team marked the second season of baseball to compete in the Sun Belt, after Florida Atlantic joined the conference after the 2006 season.
 On Thursday, April 24, 2008 Coach Kevin Cooney announced that the 2008 season would be his last season as head coach of the Owls.
 With his retirement announcement, Cooney will leave the Owls after 21 years as head coach.
 Up to this point, in 28 years of existence, Florida Atlantic baseball had had only two coaches, Steve Traylor and Kevin Cooney.
The Florida Atlantic Owls men's soccer team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, Florida, United States.
 The team is a member of the Conference USA, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I.
 FAU's first men's soccer team was fielded in 1980.
 The team plays its home games at FAU Soccer Stadium in Boca Raton.
 The Owls are coached by Joey Worthen.
The 2013 Florida Atlantic Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Owls were led by at the start of the season by second-year head coach Carl Pelini.
 However Pelini and defensive coordinator Rekstis resigned on October 30 after admitting they were at a local party where pot was served.
 Brian Wright was promoted and made interim head coach for the remainder of the season.
 The Owls played their home games at FAU Stadium.
 This season was the Owls' first as a member of Conference USA in the East Division.
The 2007 Florida Atlantic Owls baseball team was the intercollegiate baseball team of Florida Atlantic University.
 It competed on the Division I level in the Sun Belt Conference.
 The 2007 team marked the first season of baseball to compete in the Sun Belt, as last year the Owls played in the Atlantic Sun Conference.
 After a disappointing 2006 season, FAU looked to bounce back in 2007, hoping to return to Regionals - possibly farther.
 However, the first season in the Sun Belt did not live up to expectations in Boca Raton, and the Owls finished the regular season at .500 in conference and were bounced from the Sun Belt Conference Tournament in their third game.
 For a second straight season, FAU would not reach the Regionals.
