Maria Jacobsen (November 6, 1882 – April 6, 1960) was a Danish missionary and a key witness to the Armenian Genocide.
 Jacobsen wrote the "Diaries of a Danish Missionary: Harpoot, 1907–1919", which according to Armenian Genocide scholar Ara Sarafian, is a "documentation of the utmost significance" for research of the Armenian Genocide.
 For her humanitarian efforts, Jacobsen is known as "Mayrik" (Armenian: mother) or "Mama" for having saved many Armenians during the Genocide.
Lifted is a 2006 Pixar computer-animated short film directed by Gary Rydstrom.
 This is the first film directed by Rydstrom, a seven-time Academy Award-winning sound editor and mixer, and the first produced by Katherine Sarafian, who went on to produce Pixar's "Brave" released in 2012.
Anahit Misak "Ana" Kasparian (Armenian: Անահիտ Միսաքի Գասպարյան , ] ; born July 7, 1986), is an American political pundit and the co-host and producer for the online news show "The Young Turks".
 She began working as a fill-in producer for "The Young Turks" in 2007, and is, as of 2012 , co-host of the main show and host of "The Point" on the TYT Network.
 She also appeared on the TV version of the show that aired on Current TV.
The Young Turks (TYT) is an American news and commentary program on YouTube, which also serves as the flagship program of the TYT Network, a multi-channel network of associated web series focusing on news and current events.
 The program was created by Cenk Uygur, Ben Mankiewicz, and Dave Koller.
 Currently co-hosted by Uygur and Ana Kasparian, who are often accompanied by various in-studio contributors, the program maintains an anti-establishment stance and provides commentary on topics of varying news genres.
 "The Young Turks" began as a radio program that premiered on February 14, 2002 on Sirius Satellite Radio; it was later carried on Air America, before launching a web series component in 2005 on YouTube.
Hemaiag Bedros XVII Ghedighian (in Armenian Հմայեակ Պետրոս ԺԷ.
 Կետիկեան) (2 October 1905, in Partizak, Armenia – 28 November 1998, in Lebanon) was the Armenian Catholic Catholicos-Patriarch of Cilicia from July 1976 until May 1982, when he resigned because of legal age and was succeeded by Patriarch Hovhannes Bedros XVIII Kasparian.
 He died in 1998 at the age of 93.
Hovhannes Bedros XVIII Kasparian (in Armenian Յովհաննէս Պետրոս ԺԸ Գասպարեան) English: John Petros XVIII Kasparian, French: Jean Pierre XVIII Kasparian (20 January 1927 – 16 January 2011)was the Armenian Catholic Catholicos-Patriarch of Cilicia from 1982-98 when he retired.
Ara Sarafian (Armenian: Արա Սարաֆեան ) is a British historian of Armenian origin.
 He is the founding director of the Gomidas Institute in London, which sponsors and carries out research and publishes books on modern Armenian and regional studies.
Basile Petros IV Avkadian (in Armenian Բարսեղ Պետրոս Դ.
 Աւգատեան ) was an Armenian Catholic Patriarch from Aleppo, Syria from 1780 until 1788.
 He started as part of the St. Antonin Order.
 He served the three previous Armenian Catholic patriarchs Abraham Petros I Ardzivian, Jacob Petros II Hovsepian and Michael Petros III Kasparian for forty years before being elected patriarch in 1780.
 It was said of him that ""[H]e never took off his monachal garment when he was bishop and Catholicos"".
The Gomidas Institute (GI; Armenian: ԿԻ ) is an independent academic institution "dedicated to modern Armenian and regional studies."
 Its activities include research, publications and educational programmes.
 It publishes documents, monographs, memoirs and other works on modern Armenian history and organizes lectures and conferences.
 The institute was founded in 1992 at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
 It is based in London and British-Armenian historian Ara Sarafian serves as its executive director.
 Since 1998, the institute has been publishing a quarterly journal titled "Armenian Forum" (ISSN 1091-4714  OCLC 35810656  ).
Brave is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It was directed by Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman and co-directed by Steve Purcell.
 The story is by Chapman, with the screenplay by Andrews, Purcell, Chapman and Irene Mecchi.
 The film was produced by Katherine Sarafian, with John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton, and Pete Docter as executive producers.
 The film's voice cast features Kelly Macdonald, Billy Connolly, Emma Thompson, Julie Walters, Robbie Coltrane, Kevin McKidd, and Craig Ferguson.
 Set in the Scottish Highlands, the film tells the story of a princess named Merida who defies an age-old custom, causing chaos in the kingdom by expressing the desire not to be betrothed.
