Leslie Iwerks ( ) is an American producer, director, and writer.
 She is daughter of Disney Legend Don Iwerks and granddaughter of Ub Iwerks, the animator and co-creator of Mickey Mouse and Oswald the Lucky Rabbit.
 She has directed notable films including Academy Award-nominated "Recycled Life" and Emmy-nominated "The Pixar Story".
 She has worked with non-profit organizations Save Our Seas, Safe Passage, NRDC, and Sierra Club to raise awareness on matters affecting the globe.
 She currently helms Santa Monica-based production company Iwerks & Co.
Epic Mickey is a platform video game designed by Warren Spector and developed by Junction Point Studios for the Wii console.
 The game focuses on Mickey Mouse, who accidentally damages a world created by Yen Sid for forgotten characters and concepts, and is forced to fix the world while combating antagonists with a magic paintbrush.
 "Epic Mickey" notably features the first appearance of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit since 1943 as a major character, who was one of Walt Disney's first successful cartoon characters before the character was licensed under the ownership of Universal Studios.
 The character was regained by The Walt Disney Company in 2006 under the guidance of Bob Iger.
 The game also marks the first time that Oswald and Mickey ever appeared together.
 The game is much darker and more complex than previous Mickey Mouse games.
Julius (the Cat) is a funny animal cartoon character, starring in the first animated series created by Walt Disney, the "Alice Comedies", making him the predecessor of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit and Mickey Mouse.
 Julius is an anthropomorphic cat, appearing intentionally similar to Felix the Cat.
 A bold and inventive hero, he gradually became the primary focus of the "Alice Comedies", to the point Disney abandoned live action for pure animation on subsequent projects.
Ubbe Eert "Ub" Iwerks, A.S.C. ( ; March 24, 1901 – July 7, 1971) was an American animator, cartoonist, character designer, inventor, and special effects technician, who created Oswald the Lucky Rabbit and Mickey Mouse with Walt Disney.
 The works Iwerks produced alongside Disney went on to win numerous awards, including multiple Academy Awards.
Oswald the Lucky Rabbit (also known as Oswald the Rabbit or Oswald Rabbit) is an anthropomorphic rabbit and animated cartoon character created by Ub Iwerks and Walt Disney for funny animal films distributed by Universal Studios in the 1920s and 1930s, serving as the Disney studio's first animated character to feature in their own series.
 26 animated Oswald one-reelers were produced at Walt Disney Animation Studios (the Walt Disney Studio at the time).
 In 1928, Charles Mintz took the rights of Oswald from Walt Disney and claimed Oswald as an official Universal Studios character.
 In November of 1928, as a replacement to compete with Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, Walt Disney went on to create Mickey Mouse.
Mickey Mouse Adventures was a comic book first published by Disney Comics from 1990 to 1991.
 It featured Mickey Mouse as the main character along with other characters from the Mickey Mouse universe.
 Somewhat similar in style to the animated series "DuckTales", it was based on the continuity of earlier print material starring Mickey, mainly Floyd Gottfredson's stories in the comic strip.
 These stories usually featured Mickey, with the help of longtime friends Goofy, Donald Duck, Pluto, Minnie Mouse, Horace Horsecollar, and Clarabelle Cow, having adventures in or out of Mouseton against adversaries such as The Phantom Blot, Big Bad Pete, Emil Eagle, and even newcomer villains like Wiley Wildbeest, Ms. Vixen, and Prince Penguin.
 The main feature was written by contemporary writers such as Michael T. Gilbert, Marv Wolfman, and others.
 The back-up features were reprints of classic Mickey Mouse comic stories.
 The comic ran for 18 issues from April 1990 to September 1991.
Donald Warren Iwerks ( ; born July 24, 1929) is a former Disney executive, an Oscar winner, and co-founder of Iwerks Entertainment along with former Disney executive Stan Kinsey.
 He is the son of the animator Ub Iwerks (Walt Disney's original business partner and co-creator of Mickey Mouse and Oswald the Lucky Rabbit) and father of Oscar nominated documentary film producer Leslie Iwerks.
Building a Building is a 1933 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Production and released by United Artists.
 A remake of the 1928 Oswald the Lucky Rabbit film "Sky Scrappers", the cartoon depicts Mickey Mouse working at a construction site under the supervision of Peg-Leg Pete while Minnie Mouse is selling box lunches to the workers.
 It was directed by David Hand, his first directorial assignment at Disney, and features the voices of Walt Disney as Mickey, Marcellite Garner as Minnie, and Billy Bletcher as Pete.
Poor Papa is a 1928 animated short subject film, produced and directed by Walt Disney.
 The cartoon is the very first Oswald cartoon, and is the first appearance of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, a character that Disney and Ub Iwerks created for Universal Pictures and Charles B. Mintz.
 Oswald would later serve as the basis for Mickey Mouse.
Get a Horse!
 is a 2013 American 3D animated slapstick comedy short film, produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios.
 Combining black-and-white hand-drawn animation and color CGI animation, the short features the characters of the late 1920s "Mickey Mouse" cartoons, and features archival recordings of Walt Disney in his posthumous role as Mickey Mouse.
 It is the first original Mickey Mouse theatrical animated short since "Runaway Brain" (1995), and the first appearance of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit in a Disney animated production in 85 years.
