"Keep On Movin'" is a song by British soul/R&B band Soul II Soul.
 It was the second single released from their debut album "Club Classics Vol.
 One", ("Keep On Movin<nowiki>'</nowiki>" in the United States) after "Fairplay".
 It is one of two songs on the album that features British R&B singer Caron Wheeler (the other being "Back to Life (However Do You Want Me)") and it became one of Soul II Soul's most successful songs.
 It reached number five on the UK Singles Chart upon its release in March 1989 and number 11 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and was even more successful on Billboard's R&B charts, where it hit number one.
"Nothing in This World" is the second single by American R&B singer Keke Wyatt featuring American R&B singer Avant released as the second single taken from her debut album Soul Sista (2002).
 The song was released on December 4, 2001 through MCA Records.
 The song was written and produced by Steve 'Stone' Huff.
Ke'Tara Shavon "Keke" Wyatt (born March 10, 1982) is an American R&B singer.
 After performing in a number of girl bands and working as a songwriter during her teenage years, in 2001 she garnered national attention after her successful collaboration with fellow R&B singer Avant, In 2002, her rendition of "Nothing in This World" led to a nomination for the Best New R&B/Soul/Rap Artist award at the Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards.
 After a number of charting collaborations and solo releases, in 2012 she starred as a cast member in TV One's "", which featured the lives of five 1990s chart-topping R&B singers.
 She was featured in all 3 seasons of the show.
 She also performed with the group at events such as Essence Music Festival.
Emotional is the debut album by R&B singer Carl Thomas, released on April 18, 2000 from Bad Boy/Arista Records.
 He was nominated Best R&B/Soul Album, Male & Best R&B/Soul or Rap New Artist at the 2001 Soul Train Music Awards. "
I Wish" was also nominated for Best R&B/Soul Single.
The Monitors' version was recorded in July 1965 and released as the group's debut single for Motown Records.
 Their previous single, "Hello Love", was planned for release on Motown's VIP subsidiary (as VIP 25010) but cancelled.
 That single was scheduled for release under the group's original name, The Majestics.
 "Say You" was also released initially as crediting The Majestics before a name change was forced upon them by the existence of another Majestics group.
 Upon release, the song became a minor R&B hit, making #36 on the "Billboard" Soul Charts.
 "Say You" is also included on The Monitors' debut (and only) album for Motown, "Greetings!
 We're The Monitors", released in November of 1968.
Acoustic Soul is the debut album by American soul/R&B singer India.Arie, released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 It was nominated for seven Grammy Awards in 2002, including "Album of the Year" and "Best R&B Album".
 Acoustic Soul was certified 2x Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of two million copies in the United States.
The Monitors were an American vocal group who recorded for Motown Records in the 1960s.
 The group, which consisted of lead singer Richard Street, Sandra Fagin, John "Maurice" Fagin, and Warren Harris, had two minor hits, "Say You" (#36 R&B), and then a cover of the Valadiers' "Greetings (This is Uncle Sam)", which reached #21 on the Billboard R&B Chart, and #100 on the Billboard Pop Singles Chart.
Greetings!
 We're The Monitors is the debut album by The Monitors, released in 1968.
 It is composed of material that the group recorded from the three-year span of 1965 to 1968.
 Richard Street, who would later replace Paul Williams in The Temptations, is the lead singer of this group.
 Shortly after the album was released, the Monitors disbanded and didn't get back together again until 1990, when the group released a reunion album entitled "Grazing in the Grass".
Ericka Yancey is an American R&B singer who Recorded Up Up And Away in 1994, but it is not known if it was released or not.
 Then she signed to RCA Records in 1996.
 Her debut album "Ericka" was slated to be released in 1997, but was ultimately shelved after her lead singles, "So Good" and "Wait a While", failed to make an entry on the "Billboard" Hot 100, So Good, made it on the top 50 on the US R&B charts.
 In 1998 she recorded a duet with R&B singer TQ.
"Can We Talk" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Tevin Campbell and composed and produced by Babyface.
 It was the first single to be released from his double platinum second release "I'm Ready".
 The song hit top ten on the pop charts peaking at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and spent a total of three weeks at number one on the US R&B chart.
 It sold 500,000 copies and earned a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America.
 The song was also Nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rhythm & Blues Vocal Performance - Male.
 It was also nominated and later won the Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul Single - Male ("Can We Talk").
 Cover versions of the hit song have been done by The Whispers, Sanchez, and Kirk Whalum (on his 2005 album "Kirk Whalum Performs the Babyface Songbook").
 The song was later covered by British boyband Code Red in 1996, for their debut album "Scarlet" and was released as the album's lead single becoming a modest hit and reaching #1 in Asia.
 The song has also been covered by a Japanese/Korean singer during June 2008.
 The song became the opening theme to the 2012 sitcom "1600 Penn".
 The song was sampled in hip hop duo Luniz's song "Playa Hata" from their debut album "Operation Stackola".
 The song was sung by 19-year-old Victor Sulfa during the semi-finals on season 3 of "New Zealand Idol" as well as Nikko Smith during the Top 10 round on season 4 of "American Idol".
 The song has been featured on at least two different compilation albums including Disc 14 of "Classic Soul Ballads" entitled "Tender Love" and Volume 6 of MTV's "Party to Go" compilation albums series entitled "MTV Party to Go 6".
