JJ Appleton, born Jon Jason Appleton, is an American musician and singer-songwriter based in New York City who has toured throughout the United States extensively in support of his own records and also with other bands including Jamie Cullum, Newton Faulkner, Pete Yorn, Edwin McCain, Sister Hazel, Joan Osborne, Keb Mo, Hootie and the Blowfish.
 Appleton has been described by the Washington Post as a songwriter with a “pop-rock sound but with considerably more edgy energy, adding figurative lightning to the stormy night.”
 Previously a member of the popular New York band The Grasshoppers, Appleton released his first solo album "500 Moments" in 2003 which led to appearances on the NBC television show "Last Call with Carson Daly", a feature on E!'s "Wild On", and a national affiliation with Budweiser's True Music Live program and Gibson Guitars.
 Appleton released his album "Uphill to Purgatory" in the United States in 2005 which was then re-released in the United Kingdom in 2006 as "Someone Else's Problem" and included three songs from the "500 Moments" EP.
 Based on the recognition he was receiving in England, Appleton decided to move to London in 2006 where he became a regularly featured performer at popular venues such as Ronnie Scott's, The Borderline, and The Regal Room.
 In the meantime, the single "Walk Into The Room" and it's accompanying video became a favorite on English radio and MTV Two.
 In 2015, Appleton released an acoustic blues album entitled "Dirty Memory" with harmonicist Jason Ricci.
Kelly Ann Karbacz is an American actress born in Queens, New York, New York, and raised in Queens and Manhattan.
 Karbacz graduated from the prestigious Stuyvesant High School in New York City and later attended the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute, part of the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University.
Kiss (stylised as KISS) was an Irish magazine aimed at a teenage market containing knowledge about adolescent matters such as fashion advice, confessions, features on teenage cultural icons, relationship advice and problem pages with solutions especially designed for teenage readers.
 It is part of the "VIP" publishing franchise of Michael O'Doherty.
 "Kiss" was launched on 31 October 2002 as the first of O'Doherty's solo business ventures.
 He had previously engaged in a number of co-ordinated business ventures in Ireland with his former business partner John Ryan; "Kiss" succeeded the co-owned establishments of "Magill" in 1997 and "VIP" in 1999 and preceded later titles such as the glossy monthly targeted at women in the age group of eighteen to thirty-four "Stellar" and the failed "New York Dog" venture in New York City.
 "Kiss" is published at 2-4 Ely Place in Dublin 2.
 "Kiss"'s rivals are the United Kingdom's "Bliss" and "Sugar".
Aurelio Valle is an American singer, guitarist, composer and visual art residing in New York, New York born in Chicago, Illinois and raised in Kingsville, Texas.
 He is a founding member of the experimental rock group CALLA from New York City/Brooklyn, New York and is best known for his work with that group.
 The band was formed in New York City in 1997 along with Wayne Magruder and Sean Donovan, later adding member Peter Gannon.
The 14th Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry was a New York infantry regiment during the American Civil War.
 The regiment was part of the Union Army, and was raised primarily from Oneida County, with some companies also raised from Onondaga County; Columbia County; and Lewis County.
Sam Shaber is an American singer/songwriter from New York City.
 Her parents were screenwriter David Shaber and artist Alice Shaber, and many of her songs, such as "Walkin' at Night," "Eldorado," and "Bomb Threat in New Rochelle," refer to New York City.
 Her song "All of This", also about New York City, reached #1 on the Quiznos Subs National In-Store Playlists in 2003.
 Currently, she fronts Brazilian-American rock band The Good People of Planet Earth, and previously she fronted indiepunk band The Happy Problem (albums "Head Case" (2011) and "the happy problem" (2008)) and dance-rock band The Bashful ("Venture" EP, 2009).
Marc Joseph Rosenthal is an American singer and songwriter from New York City who sometimes performs with his band under the pseudonym Milton.
 He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and raised in Larchmont, New York.
 His first band was Bad Moustache, and he began his musical career opening for G-Love at concerts in Saratoga Springs, New York.
 He originally became well-known for his hit song "In the City", which gained significant attention from being played on the New York City radio station WFUV.
 The song was later included on his self-titled second album, released in 2006.
 His subsequent song "Booker", a tribute to New Orleans pianist James Booker, was included on his 2008 album "Grand Hotel", and later named "Song of the Day" by NPR.
Cautley's father was William Elbridge Sewell, who later became Governor of Guam.
 She was raised in New York and New Jersey at a time when the east coast region was beginning to see a need to address the problem of housing.
 As the advent of the car and more sophisticated infrastructure prompted the move of many middle-class Americans to bedroom communities outside the more crowded urban areas, many designers and intellectuals saw themselves faced with the specter of unchecked, poorly designed growth.
 A strong interest arose in the possibilities of the Garden Cities as discrete integrations of the townscape with communal landscapes.
Private First Class Louis Edward Willett (June 19, 1945 – February 15, 1967) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his actions during the Vietnam War as a member of Company C, 1st Battalion, 12th Infantry, 4th Infantry Division.
 Born in Brooklyn, New York, and raised in Richmond Hill, New York of Irish and French Canadian extraction, Willett was a graduate of Archbishop Molloy High School in Queens, New York, withdrew from SUNY Maritime College at Fort Schuyler, Bronx, New York in 1965, was drafted while working as a lineman for the telephone company.
 He was a voracious reader of military history and now he is a part of it.
Rapid transit first began in London with the opening in 1863 of the Metropolitan Railway, now part of the London Underground.
 However, smoke from steam engines collected in the tunnels, leading to an uncomfortable passenger experience.
 Between 1863 and 1890, there were numerous proposals to build pneumatic or cable-hauled railways in London to overcome this problem, but none proved successful.
 Smoke was less of a problem in steam-hauled elevated railways, the first of which opened in New York City in 1870.
