Lady and the Tramp is a 1955 American animated romantic musical comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney and released to theaters on June 22, 1955 by Buena Vista Distribution.
 The 15th Disney animated feature film, it was the first animated feature filmed in the CinemaScope widescreen film process.
 Based on "Happy Dan, The Whistling Dog" by Ward Greene, "Lady and the Tramp" tells the story of a female American Cocker Spaniel named Lady who lives with a refined, upper-middle-class family, and a male stray mongrel called the Tramp.
 When the two dogs meet, they embark on many romantic adventures.
 A direct-to-video sequel, "", was released in 2001.
Robinson Ekspeditionen 2011 (also known as Robinson: All or Nothing) was the fourteenth season of the Danish version of the Swedish television series "Expedition Robinson".
 This season premiered on September 5, 2011.
 The first twist this season was that the tribe that lost the first immunity challenge was to be forced to live on the desolate side of the island while the winning tribe lived on a side of the island that had many luxuries and comforts.
 The only thing separating the two tribes was a wall.
 The losing tribe was also forced to take part in a large elimination in which half of the tribe will be eliminated from the game (this was later revealed to be a trick as the four people voted out switched tribes).
 Among the contestants this season will be siblings Karina Andersen and Maria Bruun, who'll be on the same tribe but will keep their relationship a secret from the other contestants.
 As another twist, this year there was no "Utopia", instead eliminated contestants may be sent to "Guardian Island".
 On the island eliminated contestants will be forced to battle three guardians of a golden skull for a spot on the island.
 In episode 2 the two cousins, Hugo and Morten Kleister, entered the game as jokers and joined the recently cut-in-half North team.
 In episode 3, another joker, Mie Deichmann Jørgensen, also joined the North team, thought shortly after she was voted out of the game.
 In the same episode another joker, Daniel Broner Jensen, entered the game as a member of the South team, though he too was voted out shortly after due to his poor relationship with some of the other South team members (specifically Allan).
 In episode 6, the remaining contestants were asked if they wanted to switch tribes.
 While only Louise Valbjørn opted to do this, her move proved to be both strategic and game changing as she was able to successfully throw the immunity challenge to her old tribe and convince members of her new tribe to vote out Nima Alijana Hassanlouei.
 In episode 7, four more jokers, Kit Ruprecht, Marlene Thinggaard, Nicolai Barden, and Zabrina Kondrup, entered the game.
 Zabrina was well known for her participation in the previous season of Robinson.
 In episode 8, the guards protecting the golden skull were told that they had to "curse" a contestant.
 Said contestant would be given a mission to complete and if they failed they would automatically be eliminated from the competition.
 They chose Brigitte who ultimately passed her mission and was allowed to eliminate two of her fellow competitors (she chose Katrine and Kit).
 The final three contestants, Marlene Thinggaard and Hugo and Morten Kleister, took part in a final challenge which would determine the winner.
 Ultimately, Hugo Kleister beat out his cousin Morten and Marlene Thinggaard to win the grand prize of 250,000 Danish krones.
 At the end of the season, the three final guardians, all of whom had a key to the cage of the skull, took possession of the skull and with it half of the 500,000 krones prize to split among the four of them.
 This, however, would not have been true should the guardians have failed their final duel against Hugo, the actual winner of the season.
 Per faced Hugo in the final duel and won the 250,000 Danish krones for himself and fellow Guardians Patricia Beck, Tommy Kristensen, and Zabrina Kondrup.
Expeditie Robinson: 2006, was the eighth Dutch/Belgian version of the Swedish show Expedition Robinson, or Survivor as it is referred to in some countries.
 This season began airing on August 28, 2006 and concluded on November 20, 2006.
 The major twist this season was that the tribes were initially divided up by gender with one "All-Star" contestant joining each tribe.
 These two All-Stars were, Klaar Lippe and Robin Ibens.
 Though the main twist may have seemed like a repeat of twists that occurred in previous seasons, unlike previous seasons with a similar twist this season male contestants were from Belgium and all females from the Netherlands.
 While the All-Star contestants weren't eligible to win, they could vote and following a tribal swap in episode 4, they could give any contestant on their tribe immunity at tribal council.
 Following the merge in episode 8, the twist that was "Losers Island", was introduced to the game.
 After a contestant was eliminated they would be sent to Losers island where they would wait until there were only two contestants left in the game at which point the six contestants on the island would vote for one of their own to return.
 When it came time to vote for a winner, the public, instead of a jury decided the winner.
 In the end, it was Olga Urashova who returned from Losers island in the final three, who won the season over Lenny Janssen with a public vote of 52% to Lenny's 48%.
Melesha O'Garro (born 15 December 1988), known professionally as Lady Leshurr ( ), is an English rapper, singer, and producer.
 She is best known for her "Queen's Speech" series of freestyles, the fourth of which went viral in 2016. "
The Rap Game" season 2 competitor Nia Kay stated that Leshurr was one of her influences due to her uniqueness and rap skill.
 Her subsequent freestyle, "Queen's Speech 5", was called "brilliant" and "2015's crowning freestyle" by Spin.
Donkey Kong (Japanese: ドンキーコング , Hepburn: Donkī Kongu ) is an arcade game released by Nintendo in 1981.
 An early example of the platform game genre, the gameplay focuses on maneuvering the main character across a series of platforms while dodging and jumping over obstacles.
 In the game, Mario (originally named Mr. Video and then Jumpman) must rescue a damsel in distress named Pauline (originally named Lady), from a giant ape named Donkey Kong.
 The hero and ape later became two of Nintendo's most popular and recognizable characters.
 "Donkey Kong" is one of the most important titles from the golden age of arcade video games, and is one of the most popular arcade games of all time.
Shin Su-ran (Hangul: 신수란), also known by her stage names Elena (Hangul: 엘에나) and Baily Shoo (Hangul: 베일리 슈), and better known by the mononym Suran (Hangul: 수란), is a South Korean singer-songwriter and record producer.
 She debuted as part of the duo, Lodia, on July 9, 2014, with the single "I Got A Feeling".
 In 2017, she has also appeared on MBC's "King of Mask Singer" (episodes 93–94) as a contestant named "Skip to the End, Hello".
Nuestra Belleza Latina 2009 is the third season of Nuestra Belleza Latina (Our Latin Beauty) premiered on March 2009.
 Auditions were once again held in five major US cities (Los Angeles, California; Dallas, Texas; Miami, Florida; Chicago, Illinois; and New York City, New York) and in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
 During the audition process, 75 young women were given passes to the semi-finals in Miami, Florida.
 With the twist of adding one more contestant named "La Intrusa" (Francheska Mattei).
 For several weeks, Francheska Mattei, a professional actress, posed as one of the contestants to know the rumors, secrets, and even gossip from the girls.
 The elimination process was quick, with 15 women leaving the first day, 40 on the second week, and finally 8 women were eliminated leaving the 12 finalists who will be moving into a Miami mansion where they will be living together for the rest of the competition.
 Each week, viewers will have a chance to vote for their favorite finalists.
 The three women with the least number of votes will then be in danger of being eliminated.
 However, two of the women in the bottom three will have the chance of being saved, one by her fellow finalists, and the other by the judges.
 This year they had an "Intrusa", the one that spilled the gossip about the contestants and it was Puerto Rican, Francheska Mattei.
Wonky is the eight studio album by Orbital, released on their own ACP label (via Warner Music Group/Alternative Distribution Alliance) in the UK on 2 April 2012, and exclusively through iTunes in the USA and Canada on 17 April 2012.
 The album is their first since the "Blue Album" in 2004 and the first since they reformed in 2008.
 It features vocals from Zola Jesus and Lady Leshurr.
 The album was taken off of Spotify and iTunes in the United States for unknown reasons.
 There are some songs you cannot find at all in their original versions, like Beelzedub or Distractions.
Nicholas James Donnelly (born 17 May 1988) is a British filmmaker and music video producer who first gained exposure when directing/producing the music video Game Over Female Takeover, an independent release that featured many of the leading female urban artists in England on one video.
 These artists included Lady leshurr, Mz Bratt, Ruff Diamondz, Cherri Voncelle and Amplify Dot The video served as the official remix to the record Game Over (Tinchy Stryder song)
Nuntita Khampiranon (Thai: นันทิตา ฆัมภิรานนท์ ; rtgs: "Nanthita Khamphiranon" ; born December 20, 1983), or nickname Art (อาร์ต), stage name Bell (เบลล์) and usually known as Bell Nuntita, is a Thai transgender actress, singer, entertainer, and radio DJ.
 Nuntita was part of a TV show called "Venus Flytrap Search for the Missing Puzzle" in 2007.
 As one of twelve contestants, she competed to take the place of two former cast members.
 Nuntita and another contestant named Mew won the competition and became part of the Kathoey band "Venus Flytrap".
 She became popular after a performance during her audition on "Thailand's Got Talent" and became a YouTube hit when she first performed singing as a girl, and the crowd was amazed when she switched to a masculine voice.
