Ernie Earnshaw is a musician and recording artist.
 He began playing drums with the popular surf-band of the 1960s, the Royale Monarchs at the Bob Eubanks Cinnamon Cinder night clubs in Los Angeles and performed on Sam Riddell's Ninth St. West dance program.
 Producer Gary Usher signed the new reformed group The Forte' Four to recording contract at Decca Records.
 Two singles were released without much fanfare, and when The Forte IV broke up, Ernie met and auditioned for Six the Hard Way, a group of 3 singers/3 pieces which went on the road and stayed there all through 1967.
 When Six the Hard Way broke up, Ernie and Chuck Girard went back to Pasadena where Chuck started writing, and eventually Chuck Girard, Jack Schaeffer, Ernie and a couple of Chuck's friends recorded two demos, "Feel the Love" and "Enchanted Forest."
 These were the beginnings of what many consider the first Christian Rock group.
 Earnshaw left this band in the spring of '68, joining BigFoot, which became Bill Medley's band in the summer of 1970.
Indonesian pop/R&B singer, Agnez Mo, has released seven studio albums, one greatest hits album and five compilation albums. Agnes signed a recording contract with MM Records in 1992 and released her debut children studio album "Si Meong".
 Unfortunately, her album was unsuccessfully into market.
 In 1995, she moved signed a recording contract with Musica Studios and released her duet album and also her second children studio album "Yess!"
 which released her self-titled single was successfully into market.
 She released her third children studio album "Bala-Bala" (1998) with Viva Music/Paragon Record.
 The album can be her last album as child singer.
Lola Dee is an American singer and recording artist with Mercury Records and Columbia Records labels in the 1950s and 1960s.
 At the age of 14, she was heard in an amateur contest and asked to audition for a network teen-aged show called "Junior Junction".
 At 16 she was signed to a recording contract.
 She recorded over 40 sides, including the half million best seller "Only You" in 1955.
 Her popularity as a recording artist gave her the opportunity to tour with such stars as Bob Hope, Johnnie Ray and Jimmy Durante in the late 1950s and 1960s.
The Wayfarers Trio were an American folk music group founded by Bill Cheatwood at Oklahoma City University in 1959.
 They are not to be confused with a similarly-named band called The Wayfarers who had a recording contract with RCA Victor.
 The Wayfarers Trio first played publicly at The Gourd coffeehouse in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma in 1959, along with Johnny Horton (not the older famous musician with the same name) and Steve Brainard.
 All five of these men had long careers in music and Williams in particular became a major star and household name.
 They had a recording contract with Mercury Records which produced a small number of singles and exactly one album, Songs of the Blue & Grey, issued January 1, 1961 to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the beginning of the Civil War.
Ricardo Modrego (1934–2017) is a Spanish flamenco guitarist from Madrid.
 He is the brother of Spanish-Flamenco dancer Nana Lorca.
 They both started their careers in Madrid in the early 1950's.
 By 1953 the well known brother and sister were under contract to tour South America with Spanish dancer Hurtado de Cordoba.
 In October 1954 the Cordoba Company debut at the 48th Street Theatre in New York to good reviews and poor ticket sales.
 The four-week contract played out for only two weeks.
 The brother and sister team found temporary work in the US but soon returned to Spain.
 In Madrid they auditioned for Pilar Lopez and joined her company touring in Spain and internationally.
 Ricardo recorded three albums with a young Paco de Lucia, his first albums, "Dos guitarras flamencas" (1964), "12 canciones de García Lorca para guitarra" and "12 éxitos para 2 guitarras flamencas" (1965).
 In between the records the brother and sister team toured with the Jose Greco Spanish Dance Company.
 Nana later married Jose Greco and both Greco's toured the world as famous Spanish-Flamenco dancers.
 Ricardo also toured with Mariemma and Antonio Ruiz, he joined the Greco's on tour from time to time.
 Jose and Nana had one son Paolo Greco, a film music composer.
 The Greco's divorced leaving both Nana Lorca and Paolo Greco to live in Madrid.
 Ricardo Modrego, married dancer Teo Santelmo in 1969, they had two sons.
 In his later years Ricardo was teaching guitar in Madrid, he recently died in Madrid on January 17, 2017, of lung cancer, he was 82 years old.
 Updated by Michael Miguel Bernal.
Vaughn Lee "Von" Smith (born June 15, 1986) is an American singer and internet personality.
 Smith gained success via his YouTube videos.
 These garnered national attention, which led to an appearance on "The View" in February 2007.
 He soon signed a recording contract with Kon Live Distribution.
 In 2009 he auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" getting into the Top 36.
 In 2012 he was featured in the season finale of the Opening Act reality talent show.
Nēnēs (ネーネーズ) is an Okinawan folk music group formed in 1990 by China Sadao (知名定男).
 The group name means "sisters" in Okinawan.
 Nēnēs is composed of four female singers who perform traditional Okinawan folk songs in traditional costume with sanshin accompaniment; they have also performed with a backing band, Sadao China Gakudan.
 They toured Europe and played New York City in 1994.
 An independent release, "IKAWŪ", landed them a recording contract with Sony Records and a collaboration with Ryuichi Sakamoto.
 They hold a resident gig at the Live House Shima-Uta club in Naha, Okinawa.
D'Molls, originally known as The Chicago Molls, were a band featuring lead vocalist/guitarist Desi Rexx, bassist Lizzy Valentine, guitarist S.S. Priest, and drummer Billy Dior.
 In 1985, the band relocated to Los Angeles to pursue a recording contract.
 Guitarist S.S. Priest was still under contract with his other band Diamond Rexx, and could not follow the band to Los Angeles.
 Priest was replaced by another guitarist, Sean Freehill.
 S.S. Priest would rejoin the band in 1986, after they signed a recording contract with Atlantic Records.
 The video for '777' received some airplay on MTV, but album sales failed to prosper.
The Velvet Rope is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson.
 The album was released on October 7, 1997 through Virgin Records America.
 Following the release of her first greatest hits compilation "" (1995), Jackson's recording contract with Virgin was up for renewal, making her the subject of a high-profile bidding war among parties including Sony Music, Bertelsmann, DreamWorks, Time Warner, PolyGram and The Walt Disney Company.
 She ultimately renewed her contract with Virgin for an unprecedented US$80 million, the largest recording contract in history at that time.
Peter Clack is an Australian drummer – for ten months he was an early member of hard rock band AC/DC.
 In April 1974 he joined Malcolm Young (rhythm guitar), Angus Young (lead guitar), Dave Evans (lead vocals) and Rob Bailey (bass guitar).
 He appears in early video footage of AC/DC, the "Last Picture Show Theatre" video of "Can I Sit Next to You Girl".
 Clack was a member of the band during the recording of their debut album "High Voltage" but most of the drum parts were recorded by session man Tony Currenti.
 Clack continued with AC/DC until January 1975 when he was sacked along with Bailey, Clack's permanent replacement was Phil Rudd.
