Black Star, also known as Black Star Publishing Company, was started by refugees from Germany who had established photographic agencies there in the 1920s.
 Today it is a New York City-based photographic agency with offices in London and in White Plains, New York.
 It is known for photojournalism, corporate assignment photography and stock photography services worldwide.
 It is noted for its contribution to the history of photojournalism in the United States.
 It was the first privately owned picture agency in the United States, and introduced numerous new techniques in photography and illustrated journalism.
 The agency was closely identified with Henry Luce's magazines "Life" and "Time".
Henry Robinson Luce (April 3, 1898 – February 28, 1967) was an American magazine magnate who was called "the most influential private citizen in the America of his day".
 He launched and closely supervised a stable of magazines that transformed journalism and the reading habits of upscale Americans.
 "Time" summarized and interpreted the week's news; "Life" was a picture magazine of politics, culture, and society that dominated American visual perceptions in the era before television; "Fortune" explored in depth the economy and the world business; and "Sports Illustrated" explored the motivations and strategies of sports teams and key players.
 Counting his radio projects and newsreels, Luce created the first multimedia corporation.
 He envisaged that the United States would achieve world hegemony, and, in 1941, he declared the 20th century would be the "American Century".
The history of the Anushilan Samiti stretches from its beginning early in the first decade of 1900 to its gradual dissemination into the Congress-led Indian independence movement and into the Communist politics in India in the late 1930s.
 The "Samiti" began in the first decade of the 20th century in Calcutta as conglomeration of local youth groups and gyms.
 However, its focus was both physical education and proposed moral development of its members.
 From its inception it sought to promote what it perceived as Indian values and to focus on Indian sports e.g. "Lathi" and Sword play.
 It also encouraged its members to study Indian history as well as those of European liberalism including the French Revolution, Russian Nihilism and Italian unification.
 Soon after its inception it became a radical organisation that sought to end British Raj in India through revolutionary violence.
 After World War I, it declined steadily as its members identified closely with leftist ideologies and with the Indian National Congress.
 It briefly rose to prominence in the late second and third decade, being involved in some notable incidences in Calcutta, Chittagong and in the United Provinces.
 The samiti dissolved before the Second World War into the Revolutionary Socialist Party.
Isabella Augusta, Lady Gregory ("née" Persse; 15 March 1852 – 22 May 1932) was an Irish dramatist, folklorist and theatre manager.
 With William Butler Yeats and Edward Martyn, she co-founded the Irish Literary Theatre and the Abbey Theatre, and wrote numerous short works for both companies.
 Lady Gregory produced a number of books of retellings of stories taken from Irish mythology.
 Born into a class that identified closely with British rule, she turned against it.
 Her conversion to cultural nationalism, as evidenced by her writings, was emblematic of many of the political struggles to occur in Ireland during her lifetime.
Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star (often called simply Black Star) is the only studio album by Black Star, a hip hop duo consisting of emcees Talib Kweli and Mos Def (the latter of whom now goes by his new stage name Yasiin Bey).
 The album was released on September 29, 1998, to critical acclaim.
 The title is a reference to the Black Star Line, a shipping line founded by Pan-Africanist Marcus Garvey.
 The album deals with modern-day issues, philosophical ideas, and life in Brooklyn, New York City, as the two artists know it.
The South African Congress of Democrats (SACOD) was a radical, left, white, anti-apartheid organization founded in South Africa in late 1953 as part of the multi-racial Congress Alliance.
 The establishment of the COD sought to illustrate opposition to apartheid among whites.
 The COD identified closely with the African National Congress and advocated racial equality and universal suffrage.
Kepler-10, formerly known as KOI-72, is a Sun-like star in the constellation of Draco that lies 173 parsecs (564 light years) from Earth.
 Kepler-10 was targeted by NASA's Kepler spacecraft, as it was seen as the first star identified by the Kepler mission that could be a possible host to a small, transiting exoplanet.
 The star is slightly less massive, slightly larger, and slightly cooler than the Sun; at an estimated 10.4 billion years in age, Kepler-10 is almost 2.6 times the age of the Sun.
 Kepler-10 is host to a planetary system made up of at least two planets.
 Kepler-10b, the first undeniably rocky planet, was discovered in its orbit after eight months of observation and announced on January 10, 2011.
 The planet orbits its star closely, completing an orbit every 0.8 days, and has a density similar to that of iron.
 The second planet, Kepler-10c, was confirmed on May 23, 2011, based on follow-up observations by the Spitzer Space Telescope.
 The data shows it has an orbital period of 42.3 days
Conjectural history is a type of historiography isolated in the 1790s by Dugald Stewart, who termed it "theoretical or conjectural history", as prevalent in the historians and early social scientists of the Scottish Enlightenment.
 As Stewart saw it, such history makes space for speculation about causes of events, by postulating natural causes that could have had such an effect.
 His concept was to be identified closely with the French terminology "histoire raisonnée", and the usage of "natural history" by David Hume in his work "The Natural History of Religion".
 It was related to "philosophical history", a broader-based kind of historical theorising, but concentrated on the early history of man in a type of rational reconstruction that had little contact with evidence.
The Black Star of Africa is a black five-pointed star (★) symbolizing Africa in general and Ghana in particular.
 The Black Star Line, founded in 1919 by Marcus Garvey as part of the Back-to-Africa movement, modelled its name on that of the White Star Line, changing the colour from white to black to symbolise ownership by black people rather than white people.
 The black star became a symbol of Pan-Africanism and anti-colonialism.
 Described as the "Lodestar of African Freedom", the black star was used in 1957 by Theodosia Okoh in the design of the Flag of Ghana.
The University Students' African Revolutionary Front (USARF) was a political student group formed in 1967 at the University of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania.
 The group, which engaged in study and activism and held regular meetings on Sundays, featured many students who would go on to become influential politicians.
 USARF was composed of students from Kenya, Zambia, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Ethiopia, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda and elsewhere in Africa.
 President of Uganda, Yoweri Museveni was elected its chairman for the whole time he was at university.
 John Garang, another former USARF member, was the vice-president of Sudan at the time of his death in July 2005.
 The group identified closely with African liberation movements, especially FRELIMO in Mozambique.
