The Xerox 500 series was a line of computers from Xerox Data Systems (XDS) introduced in the early 1970s as backward-compatible upgrades for the Sigma series machines.
 The systems had failed to gain traction by the time Xerox sold its Data Systems Division in 1975.
 The buyer, Honeywell, Inc., continued to support existing 500-series systems until 1984 but discontinued manufacturing.
Alexander McCormick "Alex" Sturm (June 23, 1923 – November 16, 1951) was an American artist, author, and entrepreneur who co-founded in 1949, the American firearm maker, Sturm, Ruger & Co. Sturm provided the start-up money and designed the Germanic heraldic eagle that is found on Ruger guns.
 He was the husband of Paulina Longworth.
 Sturm came from a prominent Connecticut family, and his wealthy mother was of the McCormick mercantile family.
 He was a Yale University graduate.
 Not long after the company had begun to succeed financially and gain traction, Sturm died from viral hepatitis.
Bent edge or curved edge was an offshoot of hardcore punk that was formed to be a counter-movement to straight edge at the time straight edge was starting to gain traction and support.
 Bent edge was also part of a rising anti-Dischord sentiment among many people in the punk scene.
The enhanced versatile disc (EVD) is an optical-medium-based digital audio/video format, developed by Beijing E-World (a multi-company partnership including SVA, Shinco, Xiaxin, Yuxing, Skyworth, Nintaus, Malata, Changhong, and BBK), as a rival to the DVD to avoid the high royalty costs associated with the DVD format.
 Its development was supported by the Chinese government.
 While it was intended to replace the DVD standard in China by 2008, the format had failed to gain traction and ultimately faded into obsolescence.
David Duke, a Grand Wizard in the Ku Klux Klan and notable perennial candidate, was a candidate for President of the United States in the 1988 election.
 His run was notable in that after failing to gain traction in the Democratic primaries he switched and became the candidate for the Populist Party and he won the 1988 New Hampshire Vice-Presidential primary.
LaserDisc (abbreviated as LD) is a home video format and the first commercial optical disc storage medium, initially licensed, sold and marketed as MCA DiscoVision in North America in 1978.
 Although the format was capable of offering higher-quality video and audio than its consumer rivals, VHS and Betamax videotape, LaserDisc never managed to gain widespread use in North America, largely due to high costs for the players and video titles themselves and the inability to record TV programs.
 It was not a popular format in Europe and Australia when first released but eventually did gain traction in these regions to become popular in the 1990s.
 By contrast, the format was much more popular in Japan and in the more affluent regions of Southeast Asia, such as Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia, and was the prevalent rental video medium in Hong Kong during the 1990s.
 Its superior video and audio quality made it a popular choice among videophiles and film enthusiasts during its lifespan.
 The technologies and concepts behind LaserDisc were the foundation for later optical disc formats including Compact Disc (CD), DVD and Blu-ray (BD).
The 2002 United States Senate election in Oregon was held on November 5, 2002.
 Incumbent Republican United States Senator Gordon Smith ran for re-election to a second term.
 Oregon Secretary of State Bill Bradbury emerged as the Democratic nominee, and though a competitive gubernatorial election occurred at the same time, Bradbury's campaign was never able to gain traction and Smith overwhelmingly won re-election.
 As of 2017, this is the last Senate election in Oregon won by a Republican.
Micro venture capital is money invested to seed early-stage emerging companies with amounts of finance that is typically less than that of traditional venture capital.
 In contrast to traditional venture capital which is money used to invest in companies looking to fund growth (also referred to as a Series A round of funding), micro venture capital consists of smaller seed investments, typically between $25K to $500K, in companies that have yet to gain traction.
 In the United States, the number of micro venture capital firms have continued to rise rapidly over the last 5 years, and have become an important source of finance for startup companies.
Hans Knirsch (September 14, 1877, Triebendorf – December 6, 1933, Duchcov) was an Austro-German activist from Moravia for Austrian National Socialism.
 After the breakup of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, he led the original party in Bohemia, called the Sudeten German National Socialist Party.
 Together with Rudolf Jung and Hans Krebs, he was one of the original core of National Socialists that remained in the Nazi Party after 1933.
In its most basic sense, multimodality is a theory of communication and social semiotics.
 Multimodality describes communication practices in terms of the textual, aural, linguistic, spatial, and visual resources - or modes - used to compose messages.
 Where media are concerned, multimodality is the use of several modes (media) to create a single artifact.
 The collection of these modes, or elements, contributes to how multimodality affects different rhetorical situations, or opportunities for increasing an audience's reception of an idea or concept.
 Everything from the placement of images to the organization of the content creates meaning.
 This is the result of a shift from isolated text being relied on as the primary source of communication, to the image being utilized more frequently in the digital age.
 While multimodality as an area of academic study did not gain traction until the twentieth century, all communication, literacy, and composing practices are and always have been multimodal.
