Redd is a Turkish rock band established in 1996 by tenor opera singer Doğan Duru and guitarist Berke Hatipoğlu under the name "Ten".
 They used to play at bars until they set up their own studio in 2004.
 Their first album, entitled ""50/50"", produced by Levent Büyük, was published a year later by Stardium Müzik, already under the name "Redd".
 The first videoclip was shot for ""Mutlu Olmak İçin"" (To Be Happy).
 Their second studio album, ""Kirli Suyunda Parıltılar"" (Glitters on Dirty Water), came out in 2006 under Pasaj Müzik.
 Their song ""Falan Filan"" entered the MTV World Music Charts at the 10th position.
 In 2007 the band produced its third album, ""Plastik Çiçekler ve Böcek"" (Plastic Flowers and Beetle).
 Redd started the studio recordings of their fourth album in 2009, published by Sony Music.
 Their first original soundtrack album for director Çağan Irmak's feature film "Prensesin Uykusu" was released in 2010.
 Songs from this album managed to enter the European music charts.
 Their last album, "Mükemmel Boşluk," was published in 2016 under the Pasaj label.
Let Go is the debut album of the American country duo Brother Phelps.
 The duo was formed by brothers Ricky Lee and Doug Phelps, both of whom had departed the country rock band The Kentucky Headhunters in 1993.
 The album's debut single, which was the title track, peaked at #6 on the "Billboard" country charts.
 "Were You Really Livin'", "Eagle over Angel", and "Ever-Changing Woman" were all released as singles too.
 Richard Young, Fred Young, and Greg Martin of The Kentucky Headhunters co-wrote the track "Everything Will Work Out Fine."
Mutlu Onaral is an American Soul singer from Philadelphia.
 A first generation American of Turkish ancestry, Onaral released a five-song EP in 2004, and has served as the guitarist for Amos Lee at live shows, also providing vocal work.
 He released his debut album, "Livin' It", on Manhattan Records in 2008, with the "Philadelphia Daily News" giving it an A-.
 The album was produced by Tom Wolk, who also provided backing vocals on two of the songs.
"Livin' My Love" is a song by American DJ and producer Steve Aoki from his debut studio album "Wonderland".
 It was released as a single on January 10, 2012.
 The song features vocals by American electro-hop duo LMFAO and Australian singer-songwriter duo NERVO.
Havoc & Prodeje was a West Coast hip hop duo composed of South Central Cartel members Havoc and Prodeje.
 The duo came together during the peak of South Central Cartel's popularity in 1993, releasing "Livin' in a Crime Wave" on the Def Jam label, but the album failed to make it to the charts.
 They would then release 1994's "Kickin' Game" and 1997's "Truez Neva Stop", but the duo failed to match the early success of South Central Cartel.
 One of their songs, "The Hood's Got Me Feelin' The Pain," featured on the soundtrack of the 1995 horror film "Tales from the Hood".
Brick Livin' is the debut album released by rapper, Mr. Marcelo.
 It was released on July 25, 2000 through No Limit Records and was produced by Carlos Stephens, Donald XL Robertson, Suga Bear and Ke'Noe.
 Though it was met with positive reviews, "Brick Livin"' failed to advance high in the charts, only making it to #172 on the "Billboard" 200, #43 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #9 on the Top Heatseekers.
 It was his only album on No Limit Records.
Craig Morgan Greer (born July 17, 1964), known professionally as Craig Morgan, is an American country music artist.
 A veteran of the United States Army as a forward observer, Morgan began his musical career in 2000 on Atlantic Records, releasing his self-titled debut album for that label before the closure of its Nashville division in 2000.
 In 2002, Morgan signed to the independent Broken Bow Records, on which he released three studio albums: 2003's "I Love It", 2005's "My Kind of Livin'", and 2006's "Little Bit of Life".
 These produced several chart hits, including "That's What I Love About Sunday," which spent four weeks at the top of the "Billboard" country charts and was that publication's Number One country hit of 2005.
 A greatest hits package followed in mid-2008 before Morgan left the label for BNA Records, on which he released "That's Why" later that same year.
 "My Kind of Livin" is also his highest-selling album, having been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 After exiting BNA, Morgan signed with Black River Entertainment and released "This Ole Boy" in 2012.
Group Home is a hip hop duo, composed of members Lil' Dap (birth name James Heath) and Melachi the Nutcracker (birth name Jamal Felder).
 They came to prominence as members of the Gang Starr Foundation.
 Lil' Dap made his rhyming debut on Gang Starr's 1992 classic "Daily Operation" on the song "I'm the Man".
 Both members appeared on Gang Starr's critically acclaimed 1994 effort "Hard to Earn", on the tracks "Speak Ya Clout" and "Words from the Nutcracker".
 In 1995, the group released its debut album, "Livin' Proof".
 The album was very well received, mainly due to DJ Premier's advanced production work, described by "Allmusic" as "rhythmic masterpieces".
 A second album "A Tear for the Ghetto" was released in 1999, this time with only one track produced by DJ Premier.
Lumberjacks is the hip hop duo between T-Mo and Khujo of the Atlanta rapping pioneers Goodie Mob.
 The Lumberjacks were put together before the entire Goodie Mob group.
 Khujo and T-Mo formed a duo in high school before joining Cee-Lo and Big Gipp later to form the aforementioned supergroup.
 They never released an album under the "Lumberjacks" moniker though until 2005 with "Livin' Life as Lumberjacks", which failed to chart.
 They released this album after the three-member album One Monkey Don't Stop No Show which was after Cee-Lo left to pursue a solo career.
"Livin' in the Light" is a song from British singer Caron Wheeler's debut solo album "UK Blak" (1990).
 Wheeler wrote the song with N. P. Hail, and produced it with Afrika Baby Bam and Blacksmith.
 "Livin' in the Light" is a soul song that incorporates elements of neo soul, electronica, and 1970s-style funk music.
 Its lyrics describe people being dragged away from their culture and having to survive within a new surrounding.
 The song references slavery and reparations.
