Beyond the Wildwood – A Tribute to Syd Barrett is a tribute album consisting of music written by Pink Floyd's original guitarist, vocalist and primary songwriter Syd Barrett.
 The musicians performing on the album are British and American indie rock artists.
 The songs featured come from Pink Floyd's singles; the albums "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn" and "A Saucerful of Secrets"; and Barrett's two solo albums: "The Madcap Laughs" and "Barrett".
 Although Barrett's productive recording career had only lasted from 1967 though 1970, his music had a great influence on the development of psychedelic rock, alternative rock and indie rock music.
Wish You Were Here is the ninth studio album by English rock band Pink Floyd.
 It was released on 12 September 1975 by Harvest Records in the United Kingdom and a day later by Columbia Records in the United States.
 Inspired by material the group composed while performing around Europe, "Wish You Were Here" was recorded during numerous recording sessions at Abbey Road Studios in London, England.
 Two of the album's four songs criticise the music business, another expresses alienation and the multi-part track "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" is a tribute to Syd Barrett.
 Barrett's mental breakdown had forced him to leave the group seven years earlier, prior to the release of the group's second studio album "A Saucerful of Secrets" (on which he only appeared on three tracks).
 It was lead writer Roger Waters' idea to split "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" into two parts that would bookend the album around three new compositions and to introduce a concept linking them all.
 The band had used a linking concept for their previous album, "The Dark Side of the Moon", to great success.
 As with "The Dark Side of the Moon", the band used studio effects and synthesizers and brought in guest singers to supply vocals on some tracks of the album.
 These singers were Roy Harper, who provided the lead vocals on "Have a Cigar", and the Blackberries, who added backing vocals to "Shine On You Crazy Diamond".
Kevin Ayers (16 August 1944 – 18 February 2013) was an English singer-songwriter who was a major influential force in the English psychedelic movement.
 Ayers was a founding member of the pioneering psychedelic band Soft Machine in the mid-1960s, and was closely associated with the Canterbury scene.
 He recorded a series of albums as a solo artist and over the years worked with Brian Eno, Syd Barrett, Bridget St John, John Cale, Elton John, Robert Wyatt, Andy Summers, Mike Oldfield, Nico and Ollie Halsall, among others.
 After living for many years in Deià, Majorca, he returned to the United Kingdom in the mid-1990s before moving to the south of France.
 His last album was "The Unfairground", recorded in New York City, Tucson, and London in 2006.
 The British rock journalist Nick Kent wrote: "Kevin Ayers and Syd Barrett were the two most important people in British pop music.
 Everything that came after came from them."
The Pink Floyd and Syd Barrett Story is a 2001 television documentary produced by Otmoor Productions for BBC Two's" Omnibus" series and originally called Syd Barrett: Crazy Diamond (in the US, a slightly modified version aired as Pink Floyd & Syd Barrett in the "VH1 Legends" series in January 2002).
 Directed by John Edginton, the film includes interviews with all the Pink Floyd members - Roger Waters, David Gilmour, Nick Mason and Richard Wright - plus the "fifth Pink Floyd", Bob Klose, who left the band in 1965, getting their points of view on the original band founder Syd Barrett.
 The film includes rare early television appearances of Pink Floyd, and home movies.
An Introduction to Syd Barrett is a 'best of' compilation featuring the work of Syd Barrett spanning the period 1967–1970, including both material written during his time with Pink Floyd and his post-band solo career.
"Baby Lemonade" is the opening track to Syd Barrett's second studio album, "Barrett".
 "Baby Lemonade", and another song, "Gigolo Aunt", they were a go for Barrett to play and/or sing to an existing backing track.
 The solo was performed by Barrett, not David Gilmour as is often noted.
 The intro was actually Barrett simply warming-up on guitar, that Gilmour had managed to record and placed it at the start of the album, making it seem like an intro to the song.
 It was included on the multi-artist Harvest compilation, "A Breath of Fresh Air – A Harvest Records Anthology 1969–1974" in 2007.
Syd Barrett is a 1974 double-album pairing of Syd Barrett's two solo albums, "The Madcap Laughs" and "Barrett", both originally released in the UK in 1970.
Octopus: The Best of Syd Barrett, released 29 May 1992, is a one-disc compilation of songs by Syd Barrett.
 It contains songs from his two solo albums, "The Madcap Laughs" and "Barrett", and the compilation outtakes/rarities album, "Opel".
 This album was later superseded by "".
Seventh Brings Return: A Tribute to Syd Barrett is a live video by Brazilian psychedelic rock band Violeta de Outono, released by Voiceprint Records in 2009.
 It was recorded during a show at the Teatro Popular do SESI on July 17, 2006, in which they covered numerous Pink Floyd songs as a tribute to their former lead vocalist and founding member Syd Barrett, as well as a song of his 1970 solo album "The Madcap Laughs".
The Best of Syd Barrett: Wouldn't You Miss Me?
 is a compilation album by Syd Barrett released in 2001 that spans Barrett's entire solo career.
