The wedding dress of Queen Victoria was worn by Victoria, Queen of the United Kingdom, at her wedding to Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha on 10 February 1840.
 She selected a white dress, which was considered an unusual choice at a time when colours were more usual, made from heavy silk satin.
 The Honiton lace used for her wedding dress proved an important boost to Devon lace-making.
 Queen Victoria has been credited with starting the tradition of white weddings and white bridal gowns, although she was not the first royal to be married in white.
Emich was born at Coburg, Weimar Republic, the first child of Karl, Prince of Leiningen (1898–1946), (son of Emich, 5th Prince of Leiningen and Princess Feodore of Hohenlohe-Langenburg) and his wife, Grand Duchess Maria Kirillovna of Russia (1907–1951), (daughter of Cyril Vladimirovich, Grand Duke of Russia and Princess Victoria Melita of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha).
 Through his mother, he was a descendant of Queen Victoria and Tsar Alexander II.
 Through his father, he was a descendant of the Vasa kings of Sweden and of both of Queen Victoria's half-siblings, Carl, Prince of Leiningen and The Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.
 As a result, Emich was the first descendant of all three of Victoria, Duchess of Kent's children.
Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany, (Leopold George Duncan Albert; 7 April 185328 March 1884) was the eighth child and youngest son of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
 Leopold was later created Duke of Albany, Earl of Clarence, and Baron Arklow.
 He had haemophilia, which led to his death at the age of 30.
Friedenstein Palace (German: Schloss Friedenstein ) is an early Baroque palace built in the mid-17th century by Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha at Gotha, Thuringia, Germany.
 In Germany, "Friedenstein" was one of the largest palaces of its time and one of the first Baroque palaces ever built.
 "Friedenstein" served as the main seat of the Dukes of Saxe-Gotha and later as one of the residences of the Dukes of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, closely linked with the Royal Family of Great Britain through the marriage of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
 The final two ruling Dukes were both princes of the United Kingdom.
Princess Charlotte of Prussia (Viktoria Elisabeth Auguste Charlotte; 24 July 1860 – 1 October 1919) was Duchess Consort of Saxe-Meiningen as the wife of Bernhard III, the duchy's last ruler.
 Born at the "Neues Palais" in Potsdam, she was the second child and eldest daughter of Prince Frederick of Prussia, a member of the House of Hohenzollern who became Crown Prince of Prussia in 1861 and German Emperor in 1888.
 Through her mother Victoria, Princess Royal, Charlotte was the eldest granddaughter of the British monarch Queen Victoria and her consort Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
John Wickham Legg (28 December 1843 – 28 October 1921) was the third son of the printer and bookseller George Legg, and was born at Alverstoke near Portsmouth in Hampshire, England, on 28 December 1843.
 He was educated at Winchester College and from there he went to New College, Oxford and subsequently opted to read Medicine at University College, London, where he studied under Sir William Jenner.
 Having qualified as a member of the Royal College of Surgeons, he was recommended by Jenner for the post of medical attendant to Prince Leopold, Queen Victoria's fourth son, later styled Duke of Albany, a haemophiliac.
 Though the appointment lasted only a year, the young Legg became a favourite of the Prince's wife, Princess Helen, and of their daughter, Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone.
Ernest II (German: "Ernst August Karl Johann Leopold Alexander Eduard"; 21 June 1818 – 22 August 1893) was the sovereign duke of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, reigning from 1844 to his death.
 Ernest was born in Coburg as the eldest child of Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, and his duchess, Princess Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg.
 Fourteen months later, his younger brother Prince Albert was born, who became consort of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.
 Ernest's father became Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha in 1826 through an exchange of territories.
Princess Irene of Hesse and by Rhine ("Irene Luise Marie Anne, Princess of Hesse and by Rhine", 11 July 1866 – 11 November 1953) was the third child and third daughter of Princess Alice of the United Kingdom and Louis IV, Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine.
 Her maternal grandparents were Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
 Her paternal grandparents were Prince Charles of Hesse and by Rhine and Princess Elizabeth of Prussia.
 She was the wife of Prince Henry of Prussia, a younger brother of Wilhelm II, German Emperor and her first cousin.
 The SS "Prinzessin Irene", a liner of the North German Lloyd was named after her.
Alfred (Alfred Ernest Albert; 6 August 184430 July 1900) reigned as Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha from 1893 to 1900.
 He was the second son and fourth child of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
 He was known as the Duke of Edinburgh from 1866 until he succeeded his paternal uncle Ernest II as the reigning Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha in the German Empire.
Princess Marie Luise Franziska "Amalie" of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, full German name: "Marie Luise Franziska Amalie, Prinzessin von Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha, Herzogin zu Sachsen" (23 October 1848, Coburg, Saxe-Coburg and Gotha – 6 May 1894, Schloss Biederstein, Schwabing, Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria) was a Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha by birth and a Duchess in Bavaria through her marriage to Duke Maximilian Emanuel in Bavaria.
 Amalie was the fourth child and second eldest daughter of Prince August of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and his wife Princess Clémentine of Orléans.
 Her youngest brother was Ferdinand I of Bulgaria.
