José Bono Martínez (born December 14, 1950) is a Spanish politician, born in Salobre, Albacete.
 A member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), he was the President of the Congress of Deputies during the 9th Legislature.
 Before that, he was the Minister of Defence of Spain from April 18, 2004, in the Government chaired by José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero.
 He left his ministerial post on April 7, 2006, and was replaced by former Minister of Interior, José Antonio Alonso.
 Bono had previously served as President of the Autonomous Community of Castile-La Mancha from June 6, 1983 to April 17, 2004.
 During his period as a member of the Government, José Bono was involved in certain controversial events, some of them regarding his role as Minister of Defence (e.g. the controversy created by the public declarations of Lt. General José Mena Aguado about the 1978 Spanish Constitution, defending the possibility of an intervention of the armed forces to maintain the territorial integrity of Spain), and others regarding his membership of the Socialist Workers' Party, the most significant of them being the detention of two members of the Popular Party (PP) who were participating with him in a popular demonstration, after they had allegedly attempted to assault him.
 He was elected President of the Congress of Deputies on April 1, 2008.
José Ramón Bauzà Díaz (born November 16, 1970) is a Spanish politician and the president of the Autonomous Community of the Balearic Islands from 2011 to 2015.
 Born to a Majorcan father and a mother native to Madrid, he is licensed as a pharmacist by the Complutense University of Madrid.
 He owns his own pharmacy in his hometown of Marratxí.
Emilio Pérez Touriño (] ; born 8 August 1948) is a Spanish politician and economist.
 He is the former secretary general of the Socialists' Party of Galicia and, from August 2005 to March 2009, former president of the autonomous community of Galicia (Spain).
 Namely, he was president of the executive branch, the Xunta de Galicia.
 His political views are socialdemocratic and Galicianist.
Riaño ("Riañu", in Leonese dialect), is a former small municipality located along the Esla River in the mountains of the province of León, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, northern Spain.
 The village was across the river from Peak Gilbo.
 Located 1153 feet above sea level, it is in the Cantabrian mountains near the foothills of the Picos de Europe.
Luis Felipe Alcaraz Masats (born 1 March 1943 in Granada) is a Spanish politician.
 He is the current Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Communist Party of Spain.
Juan José Güemes (full name Juan José Güemes Barrios) is a Spanish politician, a former member of the Madrid Assembly from the People's Party who served as Minister of Health and Minister of Employment and Diversity for the Autonomous Community of Madrid.
Ignacio Velázquez Rivera (born 1953) is a Spanish politician who served as mayor of Melilla from 1991 and became the first Mayor-President on 14 March 1995 when the enclave on the north coast of Africa became an autonomous community.
 He held the post until 1998.
Miguel Ángel Revilla Roiz (born 23 January 1943 in Polaciones, Cantabria) is a Spanish politician, the current President of the Autonomous Community of Cantabria.
Felipe Carrillo Puerto (or simply Carrillo Puerto) is a municipality in the south-central part of the Mexican state of Quintana Roo.
 The municipal seat is the city of the same name.
 It was named after the assassinated local politician Felipe Carrillo Puerto.
 According to the census, the municipality's population was inhabitants, living on an area of 13806 km2 .
José María Barreda Fontes (born 4 February 1953) is a Spanish politician and academic.
 A member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, he was the President of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha from 2004 until 2011.
