James and the Giant Peach is a 1996 British-American musical fantasy film directed by Henry Selick, based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl.
 It was produced by Tim Burton and Denise Di Novi, directed by Henry Selick, and starred Paul Terry as James.
 The film is a combination of live action and stop-motion animation.
 Co-stars Joanna Lumley and Miriam Margolyes played James's aunts in the live-action segments, and Simon Callow, Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon, Jane Leeves, David Thewlis, and Margoyles voiced his insect friends in the animation sequences.
Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, known together as Pasek and Paul, are an American songwriting duo and composing team for musical theater, films, and television.
 Their works include "", "Dogfight", "Edges", "Dear Evan Hansen", and "James and the Giant Peach".
 Their original songs have been featured on NBC's "Smash", and in the film "La La Land", for which they won both the Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Original Song for the song "City of Stars".
Corpse Bride is a 2005 British-American stop-motion-animated musical fantasy film directed by Mike Johnson and Tim Burton with a screenplay by John August, Caroline Thompson and Pamela Pettler based on characters created by Burton and Carlos Grangel.
 The plot is set in a fictional Victorian era village in Europe.
 Johnny Depp leads the cast as the voice of Victor, while Helena Bonham Carter voices Emily, the titular bride.
 "Corpse Bride" is the third stop-motion feature film produced by Burton and the first directed by him (the previous two films, "The Nightmare Before Christmas" and "James and the Giant Peach", were directed by Henry Selick).
 This is also the first stop-motion feature from Burton that was distributed by Warner Bros.
 Pictures.
 It was dedicated to executive producer Joe Ranft, who died during production.
Norman Peach (1889–1974) was an Australian tennis player.
 He was born in New Zealand and his family moved to Australia when he was a boy.
 Peach's best stroke was a flat forehand drive and he always fought hard to win when close to defeat.
 Peach captained Australia in Davis Cup in 1921 and won the New South Wales State Championships in 1925.
 Peach first entered the Australasian Championships in 1919 aged 30 and lost in the third round to Alfred Beamish.
 In 1921, Peach lost in the opening round of the U. S. Championships to William Ingraham.
 At the 1922 Australasian Championships, Peach beat Edward Jordan, Rupert Wertheim and Jack Clemenger before losing in the semi finals to James Anderson.
 At the 1925 Australasian Championships, Peach lost in the quarter finals to Richard Schlesinger.
 In the 1926 Australasian Championships, Peach beat Harry Hopman before losing in the quarters to Schlesinger.
 In the 1928 Australian championships, Peach lost in round three to Gerald Patterson.
 In 1930 he lost in round two to Schlesinger.
 In 1931 he lost in round two to Clifford Sproule.
Paul Christopher James Terry (born 7 November 1985) is an English former child actor.
 He is best known internationally for starring as James in the 1996 film adaptation of Roald Dahl's "James and the Giant Peach".
 He also starred in the four seasons of the children's sitcom "Microsoap" (1998–2000).
Harley Jessup (born 1954) is an American production designer and visual effects art director who has been nominated for two visual effects Academy Awards, and won once.
 Currently working at Pixar Animation Studios, Jessup has served as production designer for "Monsters, Inc." (with Bob Pauley), "Ratatouille", "Cars 2", "Presto", "The Good Dinosaur" and an upcoming Pixar feature.
 Before coming to Pixar, Jessup was production designer on Walt Disney Pictures' "James and the Giant Peach".
Karey Kirkpatrick (born December 14, 1964) is an American screenwriter and director.
 His films include "James and the Giant Peach", "Chicken Run", "The Spiderwick Chronicles", "Charlotte's Web" and "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" adaptation, along with contributions to the "Smurfs" films.
 He has also directed the films "Imagine That" starring Eddie Murphy as well as "Over the Hedge".
 Kirkpatrick wrote the English-language screenplay for U.S. release of "The Secret World of Arrietty", in 2012 and "From Up on Poppy Hill", in 2013.
 His brother is American songwriter and musician Wayne Kirkpatrick, with whom he wrote the 2015 musical "Something Rotten!
".
Henry Selick (born November 30, 1952) is an American stop motion director, producer and writer who is best known for directing "The Nightmare Before Christmas", "James and the Giant Peach" and "Coraline".
 He studied at the Program in Experimental Animation at California Institute of the Arts, under the guidance of Jules Engel.
Mike Johnson is a stop motion animator who has worked on films such as "James and the Giant Peach" and "The Nightmare Before Christmas", short films such as an animation of "The Devil Went Down to Georgia" (used by Primus and Rednex for promotional videos for their covers of the song), and TV programmes such as "The PJs".
 Most recently, he directed "Corpse Bride" with Tim Burton; they were jointly nominated for the 2005 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
M5 Industries (M5i) is a special effects company located in San Francisco, California, best known as the working lab of the TV series "MythBusters".
 M5 once produced special effects props for commercials and film, stop motion animation, and animatronic puppets, such as those seen in "James and the Giant Peach" and "The Nightmare Before Christmas".
 They also extend into prototype development and various display projects.
