Daniel Oliver (born March 10, 1939) is a former executive editor of "National Review" from 1973 to 1976 and chairman of the Federal Trade Commission from 1986 to 1990.
 He was chairman of the "National Review" board and a trustee of the magazine made so by William F. Buckley, Jr., founder of the publication.
William Frank Buckley Sr. (July 11, 1881 – October 5, 1958) was an American lawyer and oil developer.
 He became influential in Mexican politics during the military dictatorship of Victoriano Huerta but was later expelled when Álvaro Obregón became president.
 He became wealthy due to his interests in oil exploration and speculation.
 Buckley was the father of ten children, including William F. Buckley, Jr., the author and founder of "National Review" magazine, and of James L. Buckley, a U.S. Senator from New York (1971–1977).
 He was the grandfather of Christopher Buckley, an author and humorist.
Patricia Aldyen Austin Taylor "Pat" Buckley (July 1, 1926 – April 15, 2007) was a Canadian socialite, noted for her fundraising activities and her height, at just under six feet.
 She was the wife of conservative writer and activist William F. Buckley, Jr. and the mother of writer/satirist Christopher Buckley, their only child.
Priscilla Langford Buckley (October 17, 1921 – March 25, 2012) was an American author who was the managing editor of "National Review" magazine and a sister of its founder William F. Buckley, Jr..
 Another brother was retired federal judge and former United States Senator James L. Buckley who named his daughter after her and dedicated his 2010 book "Freedom at Risk: Reflections on Politics, Liberty, and the State" to his sister.
Fergus Reid Buckley (July 14, 1930 – April 14, 2014) was an American writer, speaker, and educator.
 Among his books is a history of his family, "An American Family—The Buckleys" (2008), which primarily focuses on his father, William Frank Buckley, Sr. Reid's brother, William F. Buckley, Jr., is the best known member of the family.
 He graduated from Yale University in 1952, where he was a member of Skull and Bones.
 He was born in Paris, France, where his father worked in the oil industry.
 Buckley's older brother was former New York Conservative United States Senator James L. Buckley, and his nephews were writer Christopher Buckley, and Media Research Center founder L. Brent Bozell III.
Jim Geraghty is a conservative blogger and regular contributor to "National Review Online" and "National Review".
 In addition to writing columns for "National Review", Geraghty also blogs for National Review Online and is a former reporter for States News Service.
The Human Life Review is a quarterly journal published by the Human Life Foundation since 1975.
 It is devoted to explorations of life issues, primarily abortion, as well as neonaticide, medical genetics, prenatal testing, human cloning, fetal tissue experimentation, euthanasia and assisted suicide, and also publishes articles dealing with more general questions of family and society.
 It was founded by James Patrick McFadden, formerly associate publisher of "National Review", who had also founded the Human Life Foundation, and is now edited by his daughter, Maria McFadden.
 It was launched from the offices of "National Review", with the support of William F. Buckley.
Jay Nordlinger is an American journalist.
 He is a senior editor of "National Review", the conservative magazine founded by William F. Buckley, Jr., in 1955, and a book fellow of the National Review Institute.
 He also writes a column, "Impromptus," for the magazine's website.
 He is also the music critic for "The New Criterion".
A review is an evaluation of a publication, service, or company such as a movie (a movie review), video game (video game review), musical composition (music review of a composition or recording), book (book review); a piece of hardware like a car, home appliance, or computer; or an event or performance, such as a live music concert, play, musical theater show, dance show, or art exhibition.
 In addition to a critical evaluation, the review's author may assign the work a rating to indicate its relative merit.
 More loosely, an author may review current events, trends, or items in the news.
 A compilation of reviews may itself be called a review. "
The New York Review of Books", for instance, is a collection of essays on literature, culture, and current affairs. "
National Review", founded by William F. Buckley, Jr., is an influential conservative magazine, and "Monthly Review" is a long-running socialist periodical.
William Allen Rusher (July 19, 1923 – April 16, 2011) was an American lawyer, author, activist, speaker, debater, and conservative syndicated columnist.
 He was one of the founders of the conservative movement and was one of its most prominent spokesmen for thirty years as publisher of "National Review" magazine, which was edited by William F. Buckley, Jr. Historian Geoffrey Kabaservice argues that, "in many ways it was Rusher, not Buckley who was the founding father of the conservative movement as it currently exists.
 We have Rusher, not Buckley, to thank for the populist, operationally sophisticated, and occasionally extremist elements that characterize the contemporary movement."
