Trio (London) 1993 is a live album featuring performances by saxophonists Anthony Braxton and Evan Parker and trombonist Paul Rutherford which was recorded at the Bloomsbury Theatre as part of the 1993 London Jazz Festival and released on the Leo label.
Colombo Dreams was a show performed by the University College London Sri Lankan Society on Friday 28 January and Saturday 29 January 2005 at the Bloomsbury Theatre, London and was directed by Pam Kangeyan, Thushan Dias, Marcus Ranney and Shaun Fernando.
Duo (London) 1993 is a live album featuring performances by saxophonists Anthony Braxton and Evan Parker which was recorded at the Bloomsbury Theatre as part of the 1993 London Jazz Festival and released on the Leo label.
Wie das Wispern des Windes - Like the whispering of the wind is an album by German musician Hans-Joachim Roedelius, released in Norway by independent record label Cicada Records in 1986.
 The electronic, ambient and experimental musician here delivers ambient piano music.
 The music was recorded between 1983 and 1985 in Roedelius` home, a friend's house and at the Bloomsbury Theatre in London.
 The music was written, performed, recorded and produced by Roedelius.
 He also designed the album cover.
The Bloomsbury Theatre is a theatre on Gordon Street, Bloomsbury, in the London Borough of Camden, owned by University College London.
Animals is the title of a performance by British comedian Ricky Gervais.
 It was filmed at the Bloomsbury Theatre, London, United Kingdom in 2003.
The NATYS (New ActS of The Year), previously known as The Hackney Empire New Act of the Year is a long-running annual national competition for comedy and variety acts (not just stand-up comedy) that ran at the Hackney Empire theatre in London until 2010.
 Its aim is to discover and promote new stand-up comedy and variety talent.
 It left the Hackney Empire in 2010, with the first post-empire show at the Barbican in 2011, Stratford Circus in 2012, and at The Bloomsbury Theatre in 2013, 2014 and 2015.
 And from 2016 Relocating to the NATYS new home at The Leicester Square Theatre.
Tiësto in Concert is a DVD and Blu-ray of Tiësto's concert on May 10, 2003, at the Gelredome in Arnhem, Gelderland, Netherlands, when he performed before an audience of over 25,000 people,the concert was divided into parties with live performances of groups, bands and artists representaror to a country which, in turn representing a continent in the following order: In the presentasion Tiesto intro followed by live performance by singer Andain presented to Britain, Europe, a group of carnival Sanba presented to Brazil, South America, the singer's live performance and band Dinand Woesthoff Star Spangled Banner presented to the United States of America, North America, the Chinese group I play the theme Tiësto in Concert Asia presented to China, Asia after the live performance by singer Jan Johnston, after the live performance of Omar Ka & Fula Band presented to Africa in general, and finally the live performance of Jerry de Jonge & Beijerink Presented to Australia, Oceania.
University College Opera, or UCOpera, is the student opera company of University College London.
The operas are staged by professional singers, directors and designers, with the orchestra and chorus drawn from the student body.
 Founded in 1951, UCOpera is known for its productions of rarely performed operas, including 3 world premières, and 17 British premières.
 On 10 March 2008 UCOpera staged the UK premiere of Édouard Lalo's "Fiesque", at the Bloomsbury Theatre.
 2009 saw another British première, Ernest Bloch's "Macbeth".
So F**king Rock Live (also known as "So Fucking Rock Live") is a DVD released by Australian musician and stand-up comedian Tim Minchin.
 It is a recording of his live performance at London's Bloomsbury Theatre in May 2008 and contains songs and material from his previous "Darkside" and "So Rock" albums.
