The Princeton Neuroscience Institute (PNI) is a center for neuroscience research at Princeton University.
 PNI was created in 2006 as a partnership of Princeton University's departments of Psychology and Molecular Biology.
 This partnership was led by psychology professor Jonathan Cohen and molecular biology professor David Tank, who continue to serve as Co-Directors of the Institute.
 In 2014, PNI moved into a dedicated research complex that houses both PNI and the Department of Psychology.
 The building is 248,00 square feet, and was designed by Rafael Moneo to meet LEED Silver certification.
Abraham Harold Maslow ( ; April 1, 1908 – June 8, 1970) was an American psychologist who was best known for creating Maslow's hierarchy of needs, a theory of psychological health predicated on fulfilling innate human needs in priority, culminating in self-actualization.
 Maslow was a psychology professor at Alliant International University, Brandeis University, Brooklyn College, New School for Social Research, and Columbia University.
 He stressed the importance of focusing on the positive qualities in people, as opposed to treating them as a "bag of symptoms."
 A "Review of General Psychology" survey, published in 2002, ranked Maslow as the tenth most cited psychologist of the 20th century.
Frank L. Schmidt is a retired American psychology professor (University of Iowa) known for his work in personnel selection and employment testing.
 Schmidt is a researcher in the area of industrial and organizational psychology with the most number of publications in the two major journals in the 1980s.
 In the 1990s he was the 4th most published researcher in Journal of Applied Psychology (JAP) and Personnel Psychology (PP), the two principal publications in the field of industrial-organizational psychology.
 He is also winner of the first Dunnette Prize, the most prestigious lifetime achievement award given by the Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology "to honor living individuals whose work has significantly expanded knowledge of the causal significance of individual differences through advanced research, development, and/or application"
Stephen M. Colarelli is an American psychology professor at Central Michigan University, known for his research on evolutionary psychology and the workplace.
Stanley Coren (born 1942) is a psychology professor and neuropsychological researcher who has become best known to the general public for his best selling and award-winning books regarding the intelligence, mental abilities and history of dogs. Through television shows and media coverage that have been broadcast in Canada and the United States as well as overseas, he has become popular with dog owners, while continuing research and instruction in psychology at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, British Columbia.
 He also writes for "Psychology Today" in the award-winning regular feature series Canine Corner .
Kimberly Young is a psychologist and world expert on Internet addiction disorder and online behaviour.
 She founded the Center for Internet Addiction in 1995 and was a psychology professor at the University of Pittsburgh at Bradford with a PhD in Clinical Psychology.
 Young is currently a professor of management scientists at St. Bonaventure University.
 She has published numerous journal articles and books chapters and served as an expert witness regarding her pioneer research including testimony for the Child Protection Online Act Congressional Committee.
 Young is a member of the American Psychological Association, the Pennsylvania Psychological Association, and a founding member of the International Society of Mental Health Online.
Ralph Franklin Hefferline (15 February 1910 in Muncie, Indiana – 16 March 1974) was a psychology professor at Columbia University.
Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom is an award-winning 2007 documentary film about fans of the New York Mets.
 Directed, produced and edited by Katherine Foronjy and Joseph Coburn, the film follows a wide variety of fans over the course of the 2005 and 2006 baseball seasons, culminating in an exciting 7 game series against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NLCS.
 "Mathematically Alive" shows the emotional attachment that fans develop for their team and how it can be the source of great joy or tremendous sadness.
 In addition to the hundreds of fans interviewed for the film, Coburn and Foronjy also caught up with former Mets players Bud Harrelson, Ron Swoboda, Ed Charles, Tim Teuffel and legendary broadcaster Ralph Kiner.
 The filmmakers also interviewed Dr. Daniel Wann, a sports psychology professor at Murray State University, who explains many of the psychological characteristics sports fans share.
 Of particular focus in the film are a group of female Mets fans whose favorite player is former catcher Mike Piazza.
 They wait for his arrival outside the Shea stadium parking lot on game days, and travelled around the country to see him play even when he was no longer a player on the Mets.
E. Mavis Hetherington (born November 27, 1926) is a retired psychology professor at the University of Virginia.
 She is a leading researcher on the impacts of divorce, family as units, and the development of children.
 Throughout her career she has published more than 200 articles and edited 13 books.
 While a professor at the University of Virginia she helped improve their psychology department, making them a nationally ranked program.
 Hetherington also introduced a new method of analyzing observational research as well as help open the field of psychology to women by overcoming discrimination in her early career.
David C. Funder (Ph.D., Stanford University, 1979) is a psychology professor who has written a number of important textbooks and research articles pertaining to the field of personality psychology.
 Funder resides as the chair of the Psychology department at the University of California, Riverside.
 He used to be a past editor of the "Journal of Research and Personality", as well as being a former secondary editor of the "Journal of Personality and Social Psychology".
 Funder has been praised for his studies on personality judgment.
 He had also published research over the attribution theory and the "delay of gratification".
