Ellis Island, in Upper New York Bay, was the gateway for over 12 million immigrants to the United States as the nation's busiest immigrant inspection station for over sixty years from 1892 until 1954.
 The island was greatly expanded with land reclamation between 1892 and 1934.
 Before that, the much smaller original island was the site of Fort Gibson and later a naval magazine.
 The island was made part of the Statue of Liberty National Monument in 1965, and has hosted a museum of immigration since 1990.
The history of soccer in the United States has numerous different roots.
 The modern-day game, is often considered to have been brought to the United States through Ellis Island during the 1870s.
 However, recent research has shown that the modern game entered America in the 1850s through New Orleans when Scottish, Irish, German and Italian immigrants brought the game with them.
 It was in New Orleans that some of the first organized games that used modern English rules were held.
In the United States there are large concentrations of Italians in many metropolitan areas of the United States.
 The most comprehensive look at all of these neighborhoods can be seen at the Italian Enclaves Facebook page.
 In particular, states such as New York, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Michigan, Florida, California, Illinois, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts have larger populations of Italian-Americans than other states by national average.
 According to a recent United Census Bureau estimate, 17.8 million Americans are of Italian descent.
 Communities of Italian Americans were established in most major industrial cities of the early 20th century, such as Baltimore, Boston (particularly in the "North End"), Philadelphia (particularly in certain neighborhoods of South Philadelphia), Pittsburgh, Detroit, Providence, St. Louis, Chicago, Kansas City, Milwaukee, Youngstown, Erie, Cleveland, Buffalo, and New York City, which boasts the largest Italian-American population, which live in several concentrated communities in the New York Metropolitan Area.
 New Orleans, Louisiana was the first site of immigration of Italians into America in the 19th century, before Italy was a unified nation-state.
 This was before New York Harbor and Baltimore became the preferred destinations for Italian immigrants.
Stephen Wilkes is an American photographer known foremost for his series of abandoned structures such as at Ellis Island and the former Bethlehem Steel factory both which he has captured as a lost world caught in a sort of visual amber.
 The Wilkes photographic essay on Ellis Island "Ellis Island Ghosts" helped to raise six million dollars from the United States Congress for the preservation of the structures on the south side of the island, including the former hospital for infectious diseases.
 His fine art and photo-journalism have been featured in such publications as Vanity Fair, Sports Illustrated, and The New York Times Magazine.
Ellis Island: The Dream of America is a work for actors and orchestra with projected images by American composer Peter Boyer, composed in 2001-02, commissioned by the Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts in Hartford, Connecticut.
 The work combines first-person narrations of seven immigrants who entered the United States through Ellis Island between 1910 and 1940, selected by Boyer from the Ellis Island Oral History Project, with Boyer’s original orchestral music.
 The work has received over 170 performances by more than 75 orchestras.
 A recording of the work released on the Naxos record label was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Classical Contemporary Composition in the 48th annual Grammy Awards.
 In April 2017, performances by Pacific Symphony of "Ellis Island: The Dream of America" were filmed for broadcast on PBS’ "Great Performances" series in the 2017-18 broadcast season.
Pier 21 was an ocean liner terminal and immigration shed from 1928 to 1971 in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
 Over one million immigrants came to Canada through Pier 21 and it is the last surviving seaport immigration facility in Canada.
 The facility is often compared to the landmark American immigration gateway Ellis Island.
 The former immigration facility is now occupied by the Canadian Museum of Immigration, the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design as well as various retail and studio tenants.
An Ellis Island Special is a family name that is perceived or labeled, incorrectly, as having been altered by immigration officials at the Ellis Island Immigration Station, when a family reached the United States, typically from Europe in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
 In popular thought, some family lore, and literary fiction, some family names were seen as having been shortened by immigration officials for ease of pronunciation or record-keeping, or lack of understanding of the true name—even though name changes were made by the immigrants themselves at other times.
 Among the family names that are perceived as being Ellis Island Specials are some that were supposedly more identifiably Jewish, resulting in last names that were not identifiably so.
Ellis Island is a television miniseries, filmed in the United Kingdom, broadcast in three parts in 1984 on the CBS television network.
 The screenplay was co-written by Fred Mustard Stewart, adapted from his 1983 novel of the same title.
 The series tells the story of several immigrants from the late 19th century until the early 1910s, trying to achieve the American Dream and arriving on Ellis Island, hoping for a better life.
 "Ellis Island" highlighted numerous important events which occurred up to and during World War I, and many of the characters are based on real persons, such as Irving Berlin.
 Ellis Island marks the final appearance of Richard Burton and the series was dedicated to his memory.
Many immigrant communities in the United States are engaged in community organizing activities.
 Of over 50 million immigrants living in the United States many may experience exploitation in the workforce and different forms of discrimination and challenges in their lives.
 Many voluntary associations that seek to meet the needs of immigrants utilize community organizing methods aiming to mobilize and empower them and advocate for them.
The Ellis Island Immigrant Hospital, also known as USPHS Hospital #43, was the United States’ first public health hospital, opened in 1902 and operating as a hospital until 1930.
 Constructed in phases, the facility encompassed both a general hospital and a separate pavilion style contagious disease hospital.
 The hospital served as a detention facility for new immigrants who were deemed unfit to enter the United States after their arrival; immigrants would either be released from the hospital to go on to a new life in America or sent back to their home countries.
 The hospital was one of the largest public health hospitals in United States history and is still viewed today as an extraordinary endeavor in the public health field.
 While the monument is managed by the National Park Service as part of the National Parks of New York Harbor office, the south side of Ellis Island has been off-limits to the general public since its closing.
 Efforts to restore the hospital buildings and others on the island are being made by government partner Save Ellis Island.
 In October 2014, the hospital opened to the public for small group hard hat tours.
