Hanumatpresaka Swami (Huber Hutchin Robinson, born January 12, 1948, in Guam) is a Gaudiya Vaishnava guru and a spiritual leader for the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON).
 He is known as a Vaishnava scholar, continuously traveling, lecturing on classical Indian literature and philosophy.
 He is the founder and General Secretary of NIOS, the "North American Institute for Oriental and Classical Studies", and Visiting Professor with IECOO, the "Institute for Oriental and Occidental Classical Studies", Ricardo Palma University, Lima, Peru.
 He is also a member of the faculty at Bhaktivedanta College where he teaches on the subject of the text "Bhaktirasamrita-sindhu".
 The Hindu Studies scholar, Radhika Ramana Dasa is a disciple of his.
Vanier College, founded in 1966, was the second college to come into existence on the Keele Campus.
 The College is proudly named after General The Right Honourable Georges P. Vanier, one of the most respected Canadians of the 20th century.
 The mandated academic areas which Vanier College supports are: Business and Society, Business Economics, Children’s Studies, Classical Studies & Classics, Culture and Expression, Economics, Financial and Business Economics, Hellenic Studies, Humanities, Individualized Studies, Jewish Studies, Liberal Studies, Philosophy, Religious Studies, Social and Political Thought as well as all Undecided Majors in the Faculty of Liberal Arts and Professional Studies.
Mouseion, formerly "Classical Studies", is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing research in the field of classical studies, including archaeological studies, philology, pedagogy, history, and philosophy.
 It is published three times a year by the University of Toronto Press in English and French, with occasional Greek and Latin translations.
Founded in 1919, the American Classical League (ACL) is a professional organization which promotes the study of classical civilization at all levels of education in the United States and Canada.
 Teachers of Latin, Ancient Greek and the Classics account for the majority of its membership, though the ACL is open to any person interested in preserving the language, literature and culture of both Ancient Rome and Ancient Greece.
 Currently based in Hamilton, Ohio, the league publishes and provides hundreds of teaching aids; runs a national placement service for teachers of Latin and Greek; sponsors the National Latin Examination (NLE); functions as the parent organization of both the National Junior Classical League (NJCL) and National Senior Classical League (NSCL); and annually holds a convention — the Annual Institute — to promote excellence in the teaching of classical studies.
 The ACL also encourages and supports ongoing dialogue with other classical and modern language associations.
The Intercollegiate Center for Classical Studies in Rome (ICCS) is an overseas study center located in Rome, Italy for undergraduate students in fields related to Classical Studies.
 It was first established in 1965 by ten American colleges and universities; by 2007 the number of member institutions had grown to 113.
 It is sometimes called the "Centro", the Italian word for center.
Alice König lectures in Latin and Classical Studies and is Director of the Centre for the Literatures of the Roman Empire at the University of St Andrews.
The Professorship in Greek was one of the original professorships of University College London (UCL) in 1828.
 The position was established at the same time as the Professorship in Latin.
 The inaugural lecture of the first incumbent was delivered on November 1, 1830.
 The teaching of classical Greek (and Latin) at the new University of London "challenged both the monopoly and the style of Oxbridge classics".
 Since the Second World War the chair has been occupied by a series of renowned scholars including T. B. L. Webster (who founded the Institute of Classical Studies), Eric Handley, P. E. Easterling, Richard Janko, and Chris Carey.
Sonya Taaffe is a Massachusetts-based author of short fiction and poetry.
 She grew up in Arlington and Lexington, MA and graduated from Brandeis University in 2003 where she received a BA and MA in Classical Studies.
 She also received an MA in Classical Studies from Yale University in 2008.
The School of Humanities at Rice University in Houston, in the U.S. state of Texas allows students to choose from ten academic departments including art history, classical studies, English, French studies, German studies, Hispanic studies, history, philosophy, religious studies, and visual and dramatic arts.
 Several interdisciplinary majors are also available, such as foci on women, gender and sexuality; Asian studies; ancient Mediterranean civilizations; and medieval and early modern studies.
 The school is home to six national journals: "" the "Journal of Southern History", the "Journal of Feminist Economics", Papers of Jefferson Davis, the "Religious Studies Review", and the "Council of Societies for the Study of Religion Bulletin".
 The Humanities Building opened in 2000.
Classics or Classical Studies is the study of classical antiquity.
 It encompasses the study of the Greco-Roman world, particularly of its languages, and literature (Ancient Greek and Classical Latin) but also it encompasses the study of Greco-Roman philosophy, history, and archaeology.
 Traditionally in the West, the study of the Greek and Roman classics was considered one of the cornerstones of the humanities and a necessary part of a rounded education.
 The study of Classics has been traditionally a cornerstone of a typical elite education.
