Animation Magazine is an American print magazine and website covering the animation industry and education, as well as visual effects.
 The print magazine is published 10 times a year in the United States.
The China Business Review is the official online magazine of the US-China Business Council, covering business, economics, and politics in both the United States and China that affect business in China across a wide variety of industries.
 The print magazine, published bimonthly, was established in 1974 as a source of trade and investment news.
 In 2011, the print magazine switched to a quarterly publication schedule.
 In April 2013, the magazine ceased print publication, going to an online-only format.
Nikita Gross is a Russian glamour model and former pornographic actress.
 In 1998 she won the X-Rated Critics Organization Award for Best New Starlet.
 She was "Penthouse" Pet of the Month for July 1998 and 2000 "Penthouse" Pet of the Year runner-up.
 She was a "Perfect 10" girl in January 2000.
M Magazine is an online teen-focused website and was a monthly print teen magazine.
 The website is owned by, and the print magazine was published, by Bauer Publishing, the United States division of the German firm Bauer Verlagsgruppe.
 The first issue was released in January 2000.
Perfect 10 is an online adult website – and formerly a monthly and then quarterly men's magazine – that features high resolution topless or nude photographs of 'all natural' women who have not had cosmetic surgery.
 Perfect 10 also promoted and filmed boxing matches between a number of their models, aired most recently as "Perfect 10: Model Boxing" on the Showtime and HDNet cable channels.
 The last print edition of the magazine was published in the summer of 2007 (issue 43).
 Since then it has switched to a subscription-based website only presentation.
Grooby Productions is a company founded in 1996 and based in Los Angeles, California, that produces transgender online adult entertainment.
 It established itself as one of the pioneer companies of online adult transgender entertainment with its website Shemale Yum, "the first transsexual pay site with original content".
 The company owns a number of transsexual adult websites, produces its own DVD line, and has other interests in forums, blogs and social networking in the transsexual niche genre including the Transgender Erotica Awards.
Seed (subtitled "Science Is Culture"; originally "Beneath the Surface") is an online science magazine published by Seed Media Group.
 The magazine looks at big ideas in science, important issues at the intersection of science and society, and the people driving global science culture.
 "Seed" was founded in Montreal by Adam Bly and the magazine is now headquartered in New York with bureaus around the world.
 May/June 2009 (Issue No. 22) was the last print issue.
 Content continues to be published on the website.
CzechBoys is an adult film studio, adult website and adult content provider in the gay pornography niche.
 CzechBoys was founded in 1999 by Pavel Rada and is based in Prague, Czech Republic.
 The company's primary website, CzechBoys.com, is presented in the format of a gay erotic online magazine of which a new issue is published daily.
 The majority of the models and performers in CzechBoys video and photo content are heterosexual young men from Eastern Europe who go Gay-for-pay.
Twist is an online teen-focused website and was a monthly print teen magazine.
 The website is owned by, and the print magazine was published, by Bauer Publishing, the United States division of the German firm Bauer Verlagsgruppe.
 The first issue was released in 1997.
Worldwide Brands is a Maitland, Florida based company that was founded by Chris Malta in 1999, and registered in 2001 as a corporation.
 It is a product sourcing research company that operates WorldwideBrands.com, a website whose primary function is to locate and qualify factory-authorized wholesale suppliers and wholesale manufacturers that are willing to sell to home businesses and Internet retailers.
 Worldwide Brands publishes the results of its findings in an online wholesale directory.
 The company's target market consists of small to medium sized retailers, home businesses, and online merchants who sell on popular ecommerce platforms like eBay,Amazon, as well as on independent ecommerce websites.
