This is Orson Welles is a 1992 book by Orson Welles (1915–1985) and Peter Bogdanovich that comprises conversations between the two filmmakers recorded over several years, beginning in 1969.
 The wide-ranging volume encompasses Welles's life and his own stage, radio and film work as well as his insights on the work of others.
 The interview book was transcribed by Bogdanovich after Welles's death, at the request of Welles's longtime companion and professional collaborator, Oja Kodar.
 Welles considered the book his autobiography.
Vienna (also known as Orson Welles' Vienna or Spying in Vienna) is a 1968 short film directed by Orson Welles.
 It was originally produced as part of his abandoned television special, Orson's Bag, which was made for CBS; but in 1969, with the project close to completion, CBS withdrew their funding over Welles' long-running disputes with US authorities regarding his tax status.
 The film remained uncompleted.
 Despite its name, "Vienna" freely mixes footage shot in Vienna, Zagreb, and in a Los Angeles studio.
 The 8-minute segment was restored by the Munich Film Museum in 1999.
George Schaefer (November 5, 1888, Brooklyn, New York – August 8, 1981) was a movie producer and once the president of RKO in 1941 when Orson Welles made his classic film "Citizen Kane".
 Schaefer, a top executive at United Artists, was hired as president of RKO in 1938.
 He was fired from RKO in 1942 because of the controversy surrounding it and Welles' second film "The Magnificent Ambersons".
The Trial (1962) is a film directed by Orson Welles, who also wrote the screenplay based on the novel of the same name by Franz Kafka.
 Filmed in Europe, Welles stated immediately after completing the film: ""The Trial" is the best film I have ever made".
 The film begins with Welles narrating Kafka's parable "Before the Law" to pinscreen scenes created by the artist Alexandre Alexeieff.
 Anthony Perkins stars as Josef K., a bureaucrat who is accused of a never-specified crime, and Jeanne Moreau, Romy Schneider, and Elsa Martinelli play women who become involved in various ways in Josef's trial and life.
 Welles plays the Advocate, Josef's lawyer and the film's principal antagonist.
Richard France (born May 5, 1938) is an American playwright, author, and film and drama critic.
 He is a recognized authority on the stage work of American filmmaker Orson Welles.
 His publication, "The Theatre of Orson Welles", which received a CHOICE Outstanding Academic Book Award in 1979, has been called "a landmark study" and has been translated into Japanese.
 His 1990 companion volume, "Orson Welles on Shakespeare" has been praised by Welles critics and biographers.
Orson Welles Commentaries (1945–46) is an ABC radio series produced and directed by Orson Welles.
 Featuring commentary by Welles, with reminiscences and readings from literature, the 15-minute weekly program aired Sunday afternoons at 1:15 p.m. ET beginning September 16, 1945.
 Lear Radio sponsored the program through the end of June 1946 when it failed to find a larger audience.
 The series was continued by ABC as a sustaining show through October 6, 1946.
 "Orson Welles Commentaries" was the last of Welles's own radio shows.
Moby Dick is an unfinished film by Orson Welles, filmed in 1971.
 It is not to be confused with the incomplete (and now lost) 1955 film Welles made of his meta-play "Moby Dick—Rehearsed", or with Moby Dick (1956 film), in which Welles played a supporting role.
Filming 'The Trial' is an unfinished making-of film by Orson Welles, made in 1981, which focuses on the production of his 1962 film "The Trial".
Orson Welles Show (1941–42), also known as The Orson Welles Theater, Orson Welles and his Mercury Theater and the Lady Esther Show (after its sponsor), is a live CBS Radio series produced, directed and hosted by Orson Welles.
 Broadcast Mondays at 10 p.m. ET, it made its debut September 15, 1941.
 Its last broadcast was February 2, 1942.
The Orson Welles Almanac (also known as Radio Almanac and The Orson Welles Comedy Show) is a 1944 CBS Radio series directed and hosted by Orson Welles.
 Broadcast live on the Columbia Pacific Network, the 30-minute variety program was heard Wednesdays at 9:30 p.m. ET January 26 – July 19, 1944.
 The series was sponsored by Mobilgas and Mobiloil.
 Many of the shows originated from U.S. military camps, where Welles and his repertory company and guests entertained the troops with a reduced version of "The Mercury Wonder Show".
 The performances of the all-star jazz band that Welles brought together for the show were an important force in the revival of traditional New Orleans jazz in the 1940s.
