The National Association for Chiropractic Medicine (NACM) was a minority chiropractic association founded in 1984 that described itself as a "consumer advocacy association of chiropractors".
 It openly rejected some of the more controversial aspects of chiropractic, including a basic concept of chiropractic, vertebral subluxations as the cause of all diseases.
 It also sought to "reform the chiropractic profession away from a philosophical scope of practice and towards an applied science scope of practice."
 It stated that it was "dedicated to bringing the scientific based practice of chiropractic into mainstream medicine" and that its members "confine their scope of practice to scientific parameters and seek to make legitimate the utilization of professional manipulative procedures in mainstream health care delivery."
 "While the NACM is focused on furthering the profession, its primary focus is on the rights and safety of the consumers."
 The NACM was the object of much controversy and criticism from the rest of the profession.
 It quietly dropped out of sight and its demise apparently occurred sometime between May 30, 2008 and March 6, 2010.
Angelina Jolie is an American actress and filmmaker.
 As a child, she made her screen debut in the 1982 comedy film "Lookin' to Get Out", acting alongside her father Jon Voight.
 Eleven years later she appeared in her next feature, the low-budget film "Cyborg 2", a commercial failure.
 She then starred as a teenage hacker in the 1995 science fiction thriller "Hackers", which went on to be a cult film despite performing poorly at the box-office.
 Jolie's career prospects improved with a supporting role in the made-for-television film "George Wallace" (1997), for which she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Television Film.
 She made her breakthrough the following year in HBO's television film "Gia" (1998).
 For her performance in the title role of fashion model Gia Carangi, she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Film.
Jolie is a female given name of French origin and its meaning is "pretty".
 It is pronounced "zhoh-LEE" or "joh-LEE".
 The name has also become popular after American actress Angelina Jolie used it as her surname (it is really her middle name).
 It can be also spelled as "Jolee", "Joli", or "Jo'Le".
Château Miraval is a château and vineyard located in the village of Correns, just north of Brignoles, a village in the Var "département" in the south of France.
 The château hit headlines in late May 2008 when it was revealed that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie had leased it for three years with an option to buy, after surveying prospective properties by helicopter, with the intention of having the twins they expected born in France.
 It is now owned by Pitt and Jolie, who were married in the château's chapel in August, 2014.
In the Land of Blood and Honey is a 2011 American war film written, produced, and directed by Angelina Jolie and starring Zana Marjanović, Goran Kostić, and Rade Šerbedžija.
 The film, Jolie's first commercial release as a director, depicts a love story set against the background of the Bosnian War.
 It opened in the United States on December 23, 2011, in a limited theatrical release.
Kathryn Doby is an American dancer, actresses, choreographer, and assistant to Bob Fosse.
 She made her Broadway debut in the ensemble of Fosse’s "Sweet Charity" in January 1966 at the Palace Theatre in Times Square.
 Aside from her performance in the musical "Gregory" (1970), Doby’s work on Broadway continued with Fosse as a Player and Dance Captain in "Pippin" (1972) and as an assistant to Mr. Fosse for "Chicago" (1975) and "Dancin’" (1978).
 Her film credits include "The Night They Raided Minsky's" - “Minsky Girl” (1968), "The Handmaid's Tale (film)" - Aunt Elizabeth (1990), and again worked with Fosse as a dancer in "Sweet Charity" (1969), "Cabaret" – Kit Kat Dancer (1972), and "All That Jazz" – Kathryn (1979).
 She also re-set the Fosse direction and choreography for the 1981 stage production of "Pippin", starring Ben Vereen, William Katt, and Chita Rivera that was filmed for TV.
 She was also slated to recreate the choreography for "Dancin" to be revived by the Roundabout Theatre Company in 2009.
 This production was postponed and, as of the date of this entry, does not have a projected start date.
 In 2012 Doby returned to New York from her home in California to restage the "Dancin’" Act One finale, “Beat Me Daddy Eight to the Bar” for the American Dance Machine for the 21st Century (ADM21).
 She was joined by original cast members Lloyd Culbreath, Valarie Pettiford, Cady Huffman, Roumel Reaux, and Candace Tovar.
The Angelina Jolie trapdoor spider ("Aptostichus angelinajolieae", often misspelled "angelinajoleae") is a species of Euctenizidae, nocturnal arthropods who seize their prey after leaping out of their burrows and inject it with venom.
 It was described by the Auburn University professor Jason Bond in 2008, who named it after the American actress Angelina Jolie in recognition of her work on the United Nations High Commission for Refugees.
 It was one of only seven described species of "Aptostichus" until 2012, when it was joined by Bono's Joshua Tree trapdoor spider and 32 other species.
All That Jazz is a 1979 American musical drama film directed by Bob Fosse.
 The screenplay by Robert Alan Aurthur and Fosse is a semi-autobiographical fantasy based on aspects of Fosse's life and career as dancer, choreographer and director.
 The film was inspired by Fosse's manic effort to edit his film "Lenny" while simultaneously staging the 1975 Broadway musical "Chicago".
 It borrows its title from the Kander and Ebb tune "All That Jazz" in that production.
 The film won the Palme d'Or at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
First They Killed My Father (Khmer: មុន​ដំបូង​ខ្មែរ​ក្រហម​សម្លាប់​ប៉ា​របស់​ខ្ញុំ "Moun​ dambaung​ Khmer​ Krahm​ samleab​ ba​ robsa​ khnhom") is a 2017 biographical historical thriller film directed by Angelina Jolie and written by Jolie and Loung Ung, based on Ung's memoir of the same name.
 Set in 1975, the film depicts 5-year-old Ung who is forced to be trained as a child soldier while her siblings are sent to labor camps during the Khmer Rouge regime.
Angelina Jolie wore a white satin dress with a plunging neckline designed by Marc Bouwer at the 76th Academy Awards on February 29, 2004.
 It has been described in subsequent years by fashion and celebrity publications as a memorable and stylish selection that was reminiscent of classical Hollywood style.
 It was the second time that Jolie wore a Marc Bouwer dress to the Oscars.
 In 2000 she accepted her Oscar for "Girl, Interrupted" in a frock designed by Bouwer.
