China Investment Bank () was a defunct bank of China.
 It was became a subsidiary of China Construction Bank in 1994.
 In 1998 it was absorbed by China Development Bank, with some business was received by China CITIC Bank.
Kong Dan (Simplified Chinese: 孔丹) (born 1947 in Beijing, China with family roots in Pingxiang, Jiangxi, China) is a Chinese entrepreneur and economist.
 He is the chairman of the CITIC Group.
 He is also the chairman of CITIC International Financial Holdings, China CITIC Bank and CITIC Resources Holdings.
Ka Wah Bank Limited (Traditional Chinese: 嘉華銀行有限公司) (Former stock code: ) was a bank in Hong Kong.
 It was acquired by CITIC International Financial Holdings and renamed as CITIC Ka Wah Bank Limited (Traditional Chinese: 中信嘉華銀行有限公司)(In May 2010, CITIC Ka Wah Bank Limited was renamed as CITIC Bank International Limited(Traditional Chinese: 中信銀行國際有限公司)).
CITIC Publishing Group () is a publishing company under CITIC Group based in Beijing, China.
 It was established on in 1988 as China CITIC Press and was reorganized to CITIC Publishing Group in 2008.
China CITIC Bank Mansion (), formerly Zhong Tian Plaza () is a 59-floor/229-meter tall skyscraper in Urumqi, Xinjiang, People's Republic of China.
 It is the tallest building in Northwestern China and Central Asia.
UniCredit Bank Austria AG, better known as Bank Austria, is an Austria bank, 96.35% owned by UniCredit Group.
 The bank maintains an extensive network in Austria, with about 7,700 employees serving customers in some 300 branches.
 Bank Austria also served as UniCredit's intermediate holding company for the banking network in Central and Eastern Europe (until September 2016), a region where the Group is the clear market leader with about 3,900 branches in 19 countries.
 However, all the CEE subsidiaries were transferred to the parent company in September 2016.
 As per 2008, 85% of Bank Austria's total workforce is employed out of Austria.
UniCredit Bank Slovenia (Slovene: "UniCredit Banka Slovenija" ) is a Slovenian bank, which was a subsidiary of Italy-based UniCredit Group.
 According to the bank, UniCredit Bank Slovenia had a market share of 7.6% in Slovenia, in terms of total loans as of 30 September 2015.
China CITIC Bank () is China’s seventh-largest lender in terms of total assets.
 It was known as CITIC Industrial Bank until it changed its name in August 2005.
 China CITIC Bank, established in 1987, is a nationally comprehensive and internationally oriented commercial bank.
 The bank operates in almost 130 countries, and maintains a strong foothold on the mainland banking industry.
 The bank operates 78 branches in the mainland, and 622 sub-branches, located in economically developed regions of China.
 In total, there are 773 branch offices in China, as of Q4 2011.
UniCredit Bank Slovakia was a Slovak bank, formed by the merger of HVB Bank Slovakia and UniBanka in 2007, both owned by Italy-based UniCredit Group.
 In 2013 it was absorbed by UniCredit Bank Czech Republic, forming UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia.
CITIC Bank International () (Former stock code: ) ("formerly" known as CITIC Ka Wah Bank () and Ka Wah Bank) is a Hong Kong bank majority owned by CITIC.
 It is a subsidiary of CITIC International Financial Holdings.
