Laramie High School (LHS) is a high school (grades 9-12) in Laramie, Albany County, Wyoming, United States.
 In the Albany County School District, high school begins in the 9th grade (freshman year); 9th grade students are now able to attend high school in Laramie due to the building of a new high school.
 Many LHS students concurrently attend classes at Laramie County Community College (Albany County Campus), or the University of Wyoming.
Sargent was born in Elsham, North Lincolnshire, the son of a gardener and a housecleaner, and grew up in Winterton, Lincolnshire.
 Sargent was the first person in his family to attend high school, and the first student from his high school to ever attend college.
 He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Manchester in 1956, and his Ph.D. in 1959 from the same institution.
Red Valley/Cove High School is a high school in the community of Red Valley, Arizona, also serving Cove, Arizona.
 It is operated by the Red Mesa Unified School District.
 It was created to allow students in the Red Valley and Cove area to attend high school within Arizona; prior to Red Valley/Cove's opening, these areas were served by schools in New Mexico.
The Constitution mandates free and compulsory primary and secondary education in the Republic of Macedonia, and the Law on Primary Education specifies that all children from 6 to 15 years of age attend school for a compulsory 9 years.
 The Law on High School Education specifies that all adolescents from the ages of 15 - 19 must attend high school for 4 years (or 3 years - depending on the type of school)
Two Rivers High School is a public high school for students in grades 7 through 12 located in Ola, Arkansas, United States.
 Two Rivers High School is administered by the Two Rivers School District.
 The Two Rivers High School and school district serves 650 sqmi of rural communities including Ola, Plainview, Rover, and Casa.
 Two Rivers High School is one of four high schools within Yell County and the sole high school administered by the Two Rivers School District.
Michael Ola (born April 19, 1988) is an American football offensive tackle for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
 He played college football at Hampton University and attended Riverdale High School in Riverdale, Georgia.
 He has also been a member of the Jacksonville Sharks, Montreal Alouettes, Miami Dolphins, Chicago Bears, San Diego Chargers, Detroit Lions, Seattle Seahawks and New York Giants.
East Lyme High School is a high school located in the Flanders Village region of East Lyme, Connecticut.
 It is operated by East Lyme Public Schools.
 The mascot is Sven the Viking.
 Students from the town of Salem, Connecticut in grades 9 through 12 attend high school in East Lyme (as they have no high school of their own); this will be the case until at least 2016 when the current co-op agreement between the two towns expires.
Rich Central High School or RCHS is a public four-year high school located in Olympia Fields, Illinois, a southern suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 The Rich Central Campus serves the cities of Matteson, Richton Park, Country Club Hills, Chicago Heights, Tinley Park, and parts of Olympia Fields.
 It is a part of Rich Township District 227, which also includes Rich East High School and Rich South High School.
 Although the school is located in Olympia Fields, it does not serve the entire village.
 Some Olympia Fields students attend high school at Homewood-Flossmoor High School and Bloom High School, depending on the subdivision where the student resides.
Milford High School (also known as MHS) is the secondary school for the district of Milford, Massachusetts, Milford Public Schools.
 It is one choice for Milford students to attend high school.
 Another is Blackstone Valley Regional Vocational Technical High School.
 The principal is Mr. Joshua Otlin.
 The assistant principals are Ms. Sissela Tucker (House A) and Mr. Richard Piergustavo (House B).
Lydia Patterson Institute is a Methodist Christian college-preparatory school located in El Paso, Texas, United States.
 Founded in 1913, it offers programs for Spanish-speaking children, primarily from Juarez, to attend high school in the United States and attend an American undergraduate university.
 All high school classes are taught in English, and the school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
