Massacration is a Brazilian satirical heavy metal band, self-proclaimed "greatest and most classic heavy metal band, the inspiration behind most heavy bands since 1985, whose members' hairdos and posing influenced the whole heavy metal culture".
 The classical line-up consists of Detonator (vocal, Bruno Sutter), Blondie Hammet (lead guitar, Fausto Fanti), Metal Avenger (bass guitar, Marco Antônio Alves), Jimmy "The Hammer" (drums, Felipe Torres) and Headmaster (rhythm guitar, Adriano Pereira).
Acrassicauda is an American-based Iraqi heavy metal band formed in 2001.
 It is often credited as being the first heavy metal group to emerge from Iraq.
 The original band consisted of three Arab members and one Assyrian (Tony Aziz Yaqoo).
 The band formed and played concerts under the regime of Saddam Hussein.
 It became well known outside of the local Iraqi metal scene after Vice magazine did a profile of the band.
 It received even greater coverage when it was profiled in a feature-length documentary about the band and its troubles in Iraq called "Heavy Metal in Baghdad".
 The band's first album was released on March 9, 2010.
Heavy metal bass is the use of the bass guitar (also called "electric bass") in the rock music genres of heavy metal and hard rock.
 The bassist is part of the rhythm section in a heavy metal band, along with the drummer, rhythm guitarist and, in some bands, a keyboard player.
 The prominent role of the bass is key to the metal sound, and the interplay of bass and distorted electric guitar is a central element of metal.
 The bass guitar provides the low-end sound crucial to making the music "heavy".
 The bass plays a "...more important role in heavy metal than in any other genre of rock."
Thanasis Lightbridge was born in Thessaloniki, Greece, in 1978.
 He is a Greek keyboard player/composer best known as the founder of electronica art metal band Dol Ammad and independent record label Electronicartmetal Records.
 He is also in the band Dol Theeta and currently resides in Thessaloniki, Greece where he maintains a recording studio named "Cosmos".
 The e-zine Lords of Metal describes Lightbridge as the "Luke Skywalker of metal."
The History of Heavy Metal ("Hårdrockens historia") is a Swedish 2001 documentary movie made for TV spanning through the timeline of heavy metal music.
 It starts with the roots of heavy metal and ends with the metal of present times.
 Through interviews and archive material, the movie tries to give answers on many questions, including "which was the first heavy metal band?"
.
 It was produced by Malik Bendjelloul and edited by Mikael Björnsson and Johan Larsson for Barracuda Film & TV.
Kekal (sometimes stylized as KEKAL) is a heavy metal and electronic music band formed in 1995 in Jakarta, Indonesia.
 According to AllMusic, Kekal was one of the first heavy metal bands from Indonesia to make international inroads, and according to sociologist of heavy metal, Keith Kahn-Harris, was one of the few extreme metal bands from Southeast Asia to ever make more than a minimal impression on the global scene.
 Founded by two musicians known simply Yeris and Newbabe, the band underwent some shifts in lineup in its early years, but emerged with a consistent lineup of three key-members, guitarist/vocalist Jeff Arwadi, bassist Azhar Levi Sianturi, and guitarist Leo Setiawan.
 Frequently labeled as black metal, progressive metal, and avant-garde metal, Kekal plays a very diverse range of music styles within the frame of metal and rock, incorporating many other music genres such as ambient, electronic, jazz fusion, and progressive rock.
 Over the course of its career, Kekal has transitioned from a heavy metal-based style to a more experimental and electronic sound.
Metal Health is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot.
 It was released on March 11, 1983, bolstered by the No. 5 hit "Cum On Feel the Noize" and the No. 31 hit "Metal Health".
 "Metal Health" is notable for being the first heavy metal album to reach the top spot on the "Billboard" 200, replacing the Police's "Synchronicity" at number one in November 1983.
 The album went on to sell more than six million copies and is considered a classic among heavy metal fans.
 Some critics, such as AllMusic, describe it as a one-hit wonder, owing to Quiet Riot's relative lack of critical and commercial success with following albums (and subsequent disintegration) towards the end of the 1980s.
 The title track was ranked No. 35 on VH1's 40 Greatest Metal Songs.
Canadian heavy metal music has a long history.
 Going back to the late 1960s, Canada has produced metal bands that have and continue to influence metal bands to this day.
 In 1964, Toronto-based band The Sparrows was formed.
 This band later changed their name to Steppenwolf and featured Canadians John Kay, Goldy McJohn and Jerry Edmonton.
 Steppenwolf's 1968 single "Born to be Wild" was the first use of the words 'heavy metal' in a song's lyric.
 In 1970, Woodstock, Ontario based Warpig released their metal music debut, which, although never reaching mainstream success like fellow heavy metal bands Black Sabbath and Blue Cheer, has become a cult favourite within the Doom metal scene.
Obús is a Spanish heavy metal band created in Madrid in the early 80s.
 They stood out because they took the risk of making a big spectacle in their concerts in order to reach to the level of other international heavy metal bands.
 In addition, the lyrics they write and the feelings they transmit connect with the people that follow them.
 As they said in an interview: "All our songs , some more and some less, have a meaning".
 Far away from renouncing to their genre, they have always claimed that they were a heavy metal band and they even wrote a song about this genre in their first LP called"Dosis de Heavy Metal".
In 2012, because of their 30th anniversary, they did a Tour around Spain.
Metalucifer is a Japanese heavy metal band, formed by Gezolucifer (of Sabbat) in 1995.
 Adopting the musical style of early NWOBHM and building upon it, they achieved underground celebrity, especially in Scandinavia.
 Their pure heavy metal approach, and their unadulterated use of the words "Heavy Metal" in song titles has gained them fame, as their music strives to capture the essence of what they think "heavy metal" should be.
