At Home: A Short History of Private Life is a history of domestic life written by Bill Bryson.
 It was published in May 2010.
 The book covers topics of the commerce, architecture, technology and geography that have shaped homes into what they are today, told through a series of "tours" through Bryson's Norfolk rectory that quickly digress into the history of each particular room.
The Mother Tongue (ISBN  ) is a book by Bill Bryson which compiles the history and origins of the English and the language's various quirks.
 It is subtitled "English And How It Got That Way".
 The book discusses the Indo-European origins of English, the growing status of English as a global language, the complex etymology of English words, the dialects of English, spelling reform, prescriptive grammar, and more minor topics including swearing.
 This account popularises the subject and makes it accessible to the lay reader; but Bryson's book has been criticised for some inaccuracies, such as the perpetuation of several urban myths, including an uncritical account of the number of words Eskimos have for snow.
 He also inaccurately describes some other languages and their writing systems, such as Chinese and Japanese, just to give an example.
Neither Here nor There: Travels in Europe is a 1991 humorous travelogue by American writer Bill Bryson.
 It documents the author's tour of Europe in 1990, with many flashbacks to two summer tours he made in 1972 and 1973 in his college days.
 Parts featuring his 1973 tour focus to a large extent on the pseudonymous "Stephen Katz", who accompanied Bryson, and who would play a more prominent role in Bryson's later book "A Walk in the Woods", as well as appearing in "The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid".
Michael G. Bryson (August 22, 1942 – May 22, 2012) was a news and sports reporter and editor from Des Moines, Iowa and the elder brother of travel writer Bill Bryson.
 He co-authored a book "The Babe Didn't Point: And Other Stories About Iowans and Sports" with his son Michael G. Bryson Jr in 1989.
 He also wrote a book called "The Twenty-Four-Inch Home Run" in 1990.
 Bryson was an editor and associate publisher of the Sun Press Newspapers in Hawaii from 1979 to 1986.
 He covered the New York Mets in 1969 while a sports reporter for the Associated Press.
 He was a news reporter for the "Des Moines Register and Tribune" from 1970 to 1979.
 He attended Drake University.
The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid is a 2006 memoir by best-selling travel writer Bill Bryson.
 The book delves into Bryson's past, telling of his youth growing up in Des Moines, Iowa, during the 1950s and early 1960s.
 It also reveals the backstory between himself and Stephen Katz, who appeared in "A Walk in the Woods" and "."
 Bryson also describes and comments on American life in the 1950s.
 The title of the book comes from an imaginary alter-ego Bryson invented for himself in his childhood, who has the ability to "vaporise people."
Bill Bryson's African Diary is a 2002 book by best-selling travel writer Bill Bryson.
 The book details a trip Bryson took to Kenya in 2002.
 Bryson describes his experiences there and observations about Kenyan culture, geography, and politics, as well as his visits to poverty-fighting projects run by CARE International, to which he donated all royalties for the book.
Notes from a Big Country, or as it was released in the United States, I'm a Stranger Here Myself, is a collection of articles written by Bill Bryson for "The Mail on Sunday"'s "Night and Day" supplement during the 1990s, published together first in Britain in 1998 and in paperback in 1999.
 The book discusses Bryson's views on relocating to Hanover, New Hampshire, after spending two decades in Britain.
The Lost Continent: Travels in Small-Town America is a book by travel writer Bill Bryson, chronicling his 13,978 mile trip around the United States in the autumn of 1987 and spring 1988.
 It was Bryson's first travel book.
William Eugene "Bill" Bryson Sr. (March 3, 1915 – January 1986) was a sports journalist for the "Des Moines Register" for 50 years.
 He married Agnes Mary McGuire (born 1913 in Nebraska, died 2015) and had three children: Michael, William, and Mary Elizabeth.
 A book of some of his best sports stories was published by his son Michael called "".
 His son Bill Bryson is a popular journalist and writer of travel books, who now lives in England.
Down Under is the British title of a 2000 travelogue book about Australia written by best-selling travel writer Bill Bryson.
 In the United States and Canada it was published titled In a Sunburned Country, a title taken from the famous Australian poem, "My Country".
 It was also published as part of "Walk About", which included "Down Under" and another of Bryson's books, "A Walk in the Woods: Rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail", in one volume.
