Sakshi Agarwal, born on 20 July 1990 is an Indian film actress, primarily known for her work in the Tamil film industry, Kollywood.
 She started her career modelling in Bangalore and also worked in two Kannada films, Sandalwood before she began working on Tamil films.
 Apart from acting, Sakshi has also worked on many TV commercials and photo shoots for some big brands in the city.
Brigitte Nielsen (born Gitte Nielsen; 15 July 1963) is a Danish-Italian actress, model, singer and reality television personality who began her career modelling for Greg Gorman and Helmut Newton and several years later acted in the 1985 films "Red Sonja" and "Rocky IV".
 She is also known for her marriage to Sylvester Stallone, with whom she starred in the 1986 film "Cobra".
 She played Karla Fry in "Beverly Hills Cop II" (1987), co-starring Eddie Murphy, and played the Black Witch in the Italian film series "Fantaghiro" between 1992–96.
Kylie Kristen Jenner (born August 10, 1997) is an American reality television personality, model, entrepreneur, socialite, and social media personality.
 She is best known for starring in the E! reality television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" since age nine, her eponymous brand of cosmetics, and her large social media presence.
Nicole Mitchell Murphy (born Nicole Mitchell) is an American fashion model, television personality, designer, actress, and businesswoman.
 She is best known for her international modelling career, 12 year marriage to comedian/actor Eddie Murphy, and participation on reality television show "Hollywood Exes".
 She has also been credited as Nicole Mitchell, her maiden name, and Nicole Murphy (her ex-husband being Eddie Murphy).
Paris Whitney Hilton (born February 17, 1981) is an American businesswoman, socialite, television and media personality, model, actress, singer, and DJ.
 She is the great-granddaughter of Conrad Hilton, the founder of Hilton Hotels.
 Born in New York City and raised there and in Beverly Hills, California, Hilton began her modeling career as a teenager when she signed with New York-based modelling development agency Trump Model Management.
 Her lifestyle and rumored short-lived relationships made her a feature of entertainment news and tabloid magazines, and Hilton was proclaimed "New York's leading It girl" in 2001.
 In 2003, a sex tape with Hilton and her then-boyfriend Rick Salomon, later released as "1 Night in Paris", was leaked to the public.
 Released only three weeks before the premiere of the reality television series "The Simple Life", in which she starred alongside her long-time friend Nicole Richie, the sex tape became a media sensation.
Erin Gleave (née McNaught; born 22 May 1982) is an Australian model, actress, presenter and television personality.
 McNaught grew up in Australia alongside her older brothers and began playing in a band named "Short Straw" in her teenage years.
 After starting a career in modelling she represented Australia at the Miss Universe 2006 competition but did not progress well.
 After her participation McNaught went on to secure more modelling contracts and television jobs.
 In 2007 she took acting classes and secured a part in the soap opera "Neighbours" playing the role of Sienna Cammeniti.
 In 2010 she was employed by MTV and fronted their "MTV Hits Weekly Hot30 Countdown" show.
Andrea Roche is an Irish model.
 She had a successful career as one of Irish best known and most photographed models for a number of years before opening the Andrea Roche Modelling Agency.
 Andrea is a socialite, and is a regular television personality.
 She took part in the RTÉ One reality sports television series "Celebrity Bainisteoir" in 2009 and features on a weekly basis on the TV3 show "Ireland AM".
 Andrea retired full-time from modelling in 2008 while still at the top of her game, she has been credited with discovering models such as Roz Purcell, Clara McSweeney, Pippa Ormond and Miss World 2003 Rosanna Davison.
Snowboard Academy is a 1997 independent slapstick comedy film, starring Corey Haim, Jim Varney and Brigitte Nielsen.
Poor Jake's Demise is a 1913 American silent short slapstick comedy film directed by Allen Curtis and featuring Max Asher and Lon Chaney.
 The slapstick film focuses on Jake who finds his wife in a compromising position with another man and later takes his revenge with a seltzer bottle.
 It is one of several slapstick comedy films Chaney made for Universal at the start of his career and is also his first credited screen role.
 The film was presumed lost, but a fragment of the film was discovered in England in May 2006 and restored.
Sonia Danica Thrall, better known by her modelling name Danica Thrall (born 30 March 1988), is an English glamour model and reality television personality.
