The LSU–Ole Miss football rivalry, renamed the Magnolia Bowl in 2008, is an American college football rivalry game played annually by the LSU Tigers football team of Louisiana State University (LSU) and the Ole Miss Rebels football team of the University of Mississippi (Ole Miss).
 The teams compete for the Magnolia Bowl Trophy.
 The Tigers and the Rebels first met in 1894, and have been regular opponents in Southeastern Conference (SEC), meeting annually since 1945.
 The rivalry was at its height during the 1950s and 1960s, when both teams were highly ranked and during which time both teams claimed a national championship.
 The rivalry died down from the 1970s to the 1990s, owing to Ole Miss not returning to conference or national prominence since the 1970s and because LSU has seen new rivalries emerge when the SEC split into two divisions in 1992, most notably Alabama, Arkansas, Auburn, and Florida.
 Even though the rivalry has not attracted the same national attention in recent years, it still stirs up passion in both Oxford and Baton Rouge.
The Oregon Ducks football program is a college football team for the University of Oregon, located in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 The team competes at the NCAA Division I level in the FBS and is a member of the Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12).
 Known as the Ducks, the team was commonly called the Webfoots until the mid-1960s.
 The first football team was fielded in 1894.
 Oregon plays its home games at the 54,000 seat Autzen Stadium in Eugene; its main rivals are the Oregon State Beavers and the Washington Huskies.
 The Ducks and Beavers historically end each regular season with the Civil War rivalry game in late November.
Wayne Harrison Walker (September 30, 1936 – May 19, 2017) was an American professional football player and sports broadcaster.
 He played fifteen seasons with the Detroit Lions of the National Football League, as a linebacker and placekicker.
 Walker played in 200 regular season games, the second most for a defensive player at the time.
 He played in three Pro Bowls and was thrice selected as a first-team All-NFL player.
 After the 1972 season, he retired as a player and was a sports broadcaster for CBS and the sports director for KPIX-TV in San Francisco from 1974 to 1994.
 Walker was a weekend sportscaster during the off-season during his later years as a Detroit Lion.
The 1983 Oregon State vs. Oregon football game was a college football game played on November 19, 1983, at Autzen Stadium in Eugene, Oregon, the 87th playing of the annual Civil War rivalry game.
 The game ended in a scoreless tie.
 Since overtime was added to NCAA Division I games in 1996, this game is likely to be the last ever with that distinction.
The Battle of the Blue is an annual college football rivalry game between the University of Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens and Villanova University Wildcats.
 The first game was played between the two teams in 1895, was played annually from 1964 to 1980 when Villanova dropped football, and then resumed with the re-emergence of Villanova football having been played annually since 1988.
 Beginning in 2007, the annual Delaware–Villanova game became known as Battle of the Blue.
 As part of this concept, the winning team gets to keep the Battle of the Blue Trophy at its institution for the year and is responsible for bringing the trophy to the following installment of the rivalry game.
 The trophy consists of a football with a Villanova logo and the Wildcat shade of blue on one side and the Blue Hen logo and the Delaware shade of blue on the other side.
 The ball sits in a wooden platform and the scores of each game are engraved on the base of the trophy.
 Villanova had possession of the trophy for the first four years, until Delaware won in 2011.
The Civil War is the colloquial name for an American college football rivalry game played annually in Oregon, between the Ducks of the University of Oregon in Eugene and the Beavers of Oregon State University in Corvallis.
 First played in 1894, it is the fifth most played college football rivalry game in NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision.
 Both universities are members of the North Division of the Pac-12 Conference.
The Rivalry is an American college football rivalry game played by the Lafayette Leopards football team of Lafayette College and the Lehigh Mountain Hawks football team of Lehigh University.
 It is the most-played football rivalry in the nation and the longest uninterrupted annual rivalry series.
 As of 2016, "The Rivalry" has been played 152 times since 1884 with only a single interruption in 1896.
 The college's football teams met twice annually (except 1891, when they played three games, and 1896, when they did not play at all) until 1901.
 The two institutions are located seventeen miles apart in the Lehigh Valley in eastern Pennsylvania.
 Though primarily alluding to football, "The Rivalry" pertains to a meeting between the two schools in all sports and other endeavors.
The Army–Navy Game is an American college rivalry game in college football between the Army Black Knights of the United States Military Academy (USMA) at West Point, New York, and the Navy Midshipmen of the United States Naval Academy (USNA) at Annapolis, Maryland.
 The Black Knights (formerly the "Army Cadets" and "Army Black Knights") and Midshipmen each represent their service's oldest officer commissioning sources.
 As such, the game has come to embody the spirit of the interservice rivalry of the United States Armed Forces.
 The game marks the end of the college football regular season and the third and final game of the season's Commander-in-Chief's Trophy series, which also includes the Air Force Falcons of the United States Air Force Academy (USAFA) near Colorado Springs, Colorado.
The Battle for the Bell is an American college football rivalry game played by the Marshall Thundering Herd football team of Marshall University and the Ohio Bobcats football team of Ohio University.
 It is a regional rivalry, with the universities' campuses located about 80 miles (130 km) from each other, with a bell awarded as the trophy for the winner of the game.
 With Marshall's move from the Mid-American Conference to Conference USA in 2005, this rivalry game was on hiatus for several years.
 The series unexpectedly resumed in 2009 when the Herd and Bobcats faced off in the 2009 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl, which Marshall won 21–17.
 A six-year contract between the schools began in 2010.
 Ohio leads the all-time series over Marshall 33–20–6.
The Textile Bowl is an American college football rivalry game played annually by the Clemson Tigers football team of Clemson University and the NC State Wolfpack football team of North Carolina State University.
 The rivalry game has been known as the Textile Bowl since 1981.
 The two universities are founding members of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC), and both have competed in the ACC's Atlantic Division since the conference initiated divisional play.
 The rivalry's name is derived from the fact that Clemson and North Carolina State have two of the largest university-level textile schools in the world, and from the textile industry's historic importance in the economic development of their respective states of South Carolina and North Carolina.
