Revengers Tragedy is a film adaptation of the 1606 play "The Revenger's Tragedy" (attributed to Thomas Middleton in the credits, following the current scholarly consensus).
 It was directed by Alex Cox and adapted for the screen by Cox's fellow Liverpudlian, Frank Cottrell Boyce.
 The film stars Christopher Eccleston as the revenge-obsessed Vindice, with Derek Jacobi as the evil Duke, Eddie Izzard as his lecherous son Lussurioso, Diana Quick as the Duchess, Andrew Schofield as Vindice's brother Carlo (a version of the play's Hippolito), Carla Henry as his virtuous sister Castiza, and Marc Warren and Justin Salinger as the Duchess's sons Supervacuo and Ambitioso.
Antony and Cleopatra is a 1974 British videotaped television production of William Shakespeare's 1606 play of the same name, produced by ATV (which was distributed internationally by ITC) starring Richard Johnson as Mark Antony, Janet Suzman as Cleopatra, and Patrick Stewart as Enobarbus.
 It was directed by Jon Scoffield and is an adaptation of Trevor Nunn's Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) production of the play.
 It features then-little-known Ben Kingsley and Tim Pigott-Smith in small roles.
Straight to Hell is a 1987 independent action-comedy film directed by Alex Cox, and starring Sy Richardson, Joe Strummer (frontman of The Clash), Dick Rude, and Courtney Love.
 The film also features cameos by Dennis Hopper, Grace Jones, Elvis Costello, and Jim Jarmusch.
 Band members of The Pogues, Amazulu, and The Circle Jerks are also featured in the film.
 The film borrows its title from The Clash's 1982 song of the same name.
King Lear is a 1916 silent film classical drama directed by Ernest C. Warde and starring his father, the noted stage actor Frederick Warde.
 Based on the 1606 play, the film is one of a spate of Shakespearean films produced at the time to coincide with the 300th anniversary celebrations of William Shakespeare's death.
Repo Chick is a 2009 American comedy film written and directed by Alex Cox.
 Like Cox's first feature, "Repo Man", it centers on the repossession trade and a mysterious vehicle with a large reward.
 It is the second of Cox's "microfeatures", produced for a very low budget and given very little theatrical distribution.
 Although not a sequel to "Repo Man", it has been associated with it.
 It was released on DVD in North America and the United Kingdom in February 2011.
Tread Softly Stranger is a 1958 British crime drama directed by Gordon Parry and starring Diana Dors, George Baker and Terence Morgan.
 The film was shot in black-and-white in film noir style, and its setting in an industrial town in northern England mirrors the kitchen sink realism movement coming into vogue in English drama and film at the time.
 The screenplay was adapted from the stage play "Blind Alley" (1953) by Jack Popplewell.
The Orchid House is a four-part television serial that first aired on British television's Channel 4 from 21 February to 14 March 1991, directed by Horace Ové.
 Its cast featured Diana Quick, Madge Sinclair, Nigel Terry, Elizabeth Hurley, Kate Buffery and Frances Barber, and was based on Phyllis Shand Allfrey's only novel of the same name.
The Honey Pot, also known as The Honeypot, is a 1967 crime comedy-drama film written for the screen and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz.
 It stars Rex Harrison, Susan Hayward, Cliff Robertson, Capucine, Edie Adams, and Maggie Smith.
 The film was based on the play "Mr. Fox of Venice" by Frederick Knott, the novel "The Evil of the Day" by Thomas Sterling, and loosely on the 1606 play "Volpone" by Ben Jonson.
Searchers 2.0 is a 2007 road film directed by Alex Cox.
 It stars Del Zamora and Ed Pansullo.
 Described by Cox as a "microfeature," it was shot on digital video in 10 days for a budget of $180,000.
 Lacking distribution, it featured a very limited theatrical run of one-night showings at various theaters throughout 2007 and 2008, followed by its premier on BBC in the UK, and eventual DVD release in Japan and North America.
 It is a significant movie in Cox's career as it marks his first comedy and his first feature-length original screenplay to be produced since "Straight to Hell", 20 years prior.
Where Sinners Meet is a 1934 American romantic comedy film directed by J. Walter Ruben and starring Diana Wynyard, Clive Brook and Billie Burke.
 It was adapted by writer Henry William Hanemann from Clara Beranger's 1927 movie "The Little Adventuress", which in turn was a rewrite from the 1921 British play "The Dover Road" by A. A. Milne.
 The film used "The Dover Road" as a working title prior to its release.
