Sir Sean Connery is a retired Scottish actor and producer.
 He was the first actor to have portrayed the literary character James Bond in a film, starring in seven Bond films between 1962 and 1983.
 He is also known for his roles as Jimmy Malone in "The Untouchables" (1987), for which he won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, along with his portrayals of Mark Rutland in "Marnie" (1964), Juan Sánchez Villa-Lobos Ramírez in "Highlander" (1986), Henry Jones Sr. in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" (1989), Captain Marko Aleksandrovich Ramius in "The Hunt for Red October" (1990), and Allan Quatermain in "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" (2003).
 Along with his Academy Award, Connery has won two BAFTA Awards, three Golden Globes, and a Henrietta Award.
Crazy Ivan is a cold war term used in the US to describe two different concepts.
 The most common usage was the name given to a maneuver used by Soviet submarines to clear their baffles to see if they were being followed.
 The second use was a catch-all term for the possibility of a rogue Soviet leader committing to military action, typically in reference to a limited launch of ICBMs against the US.
 The term Red October was sometimes used to describe the second concept, a reference to the 1984 Tom Clancy novel "The Hunt for Red October" in which a rogue Soviet submarine commander appears to threaten to launch a nuclear strike on the US.
 The novel uses the first version of the term as a plot point.
Clear and Present Danger is a 1994 American spy thriller film directed by Phillip Noyce and based on Tom Clancy's novel of the same name.
 It was preceded by the 1990 film "The Hunt for Red October" and the 1992 film "Patriot Games", all three featuring Clancy's character Jack Ryan.
 It is the last film version of Clancy's novels to feature Harrison Ford as Ryan and James Earl Jones as Vice Admiral James Greer, as well as the final installment directed by Noyce.
The Hunt for Red October is video game based on the movie "The Hunt for Red October".
 It was developed by Images Software and released by Grandslam Interactive Ltd. in 1990 and was available for the Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, MS-DOS, and ZX Spectrum.
The Hunt for Red October is a video game based on the book The Hunt for Red October.
 It was released in 1987 and was available for the Atari ST, Amiga, Apple II, ZX Spectrum, MSX, Commodore 64 and IBM PC.
 A port for the Apple IIGS was released in 1989.
 The player must navigate the "Red October" towards U.S. waters while avoiding the Soviet Navy.
 The game is a combination of submarine simulator and strategy game.
The Hunt for Red October is a video game based on the movie "The Hunt for Red October".
 It was first released in 1991 for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
 Versions for the Game Boy and Super NES were subsequently released.
Jeffrey Duncan Jones (born September 28, 1946) is an American actor best known for his roles as Edward R. Rooney in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986), Charles Deetz in "Beetlejuice" (1988), Skip Tyler in "The Hunt for Red October" (1990) and A.W. Merrick in "Deadwood" (2004–2006).
 His career started in Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis, Minnesota, advanced to London and Broadway, before leading to a series of character acting roles in film and television, which often capitalized on Jones's deadpan delivery of characters in unusual situations to comic effect.
 Jones was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his portrayal of Joseph II in "Amadeus" (1984) and a Screen Actors Guild Award as part of the ensemble cast of "Deadwood".
Courtney Bernard Vance (born March 12, 1960) is an American actor.
 He is notable for his roles in the feature films "Hamburger Hill" and "The Hunt for Red October," the television series "", in which he played Assistant District Attorney Ron Carver, and , in which he played Johnnie Cochran.
 For the latter, he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie.
 He guest starred on the TNT series "The Closer" as Chief Tommy Delk from 2010–11.
 In 2013, he won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his role in "Lucky Guy".
Red October (Russian: Красный Oктябрь , [ˈkrasnɨj ɐkˈtʲabrʲ] "Krasniy Oktyabr") is a modified "Typhoon" class submarine in the Tom Clancy novel "The Hunt for Red October" and the film of the same name.
 It was built with a revolutionary stealth propulsion system called a "caterpillar drive", which is described as a pump-jet system in the book.
 In the film however, it is shown as being a magnetohydrodynamic drive.
Nigel John Dermot Neill {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 14 September 1947), known professionally as Sam Neill, is a New Zealand actor who first achieved leading roles in films such as "" and "Dead Calm" and on television in "Reilly, Ace of Spies".
 He won a broad international audience in 1993 for his roles as Alisdair Stewart in "The Piano" and Dr. Alan Grant in "Jurassic Park", a role he reprised in 2001's "Jurassic Park III".
 Neill also had notable roles in "Merlin", "The Hunt for Red October", "Peaky Blinders", and "The Tudors".
 In 2016, he starred in "Hunt for the Wilderpeople" alongside Julian Dennison, to great acclaim.
