Dustin Howard (born April 22, 1986) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Chuck Taylor.
 Howard began his wrestling training at age 15 under the tutelage of Brandon Walker at the Old School Wrestling Training Academy in Hardin, Kentucky.
 Due to age requirements for wrestling licenses in Kentucky, he was unable to wrestle during shows in-state until age 18, during which time he wrestled for promotions in Tennessee and Illinois.
 The most prominent of these was the then-newly restarted Chaos Pro Wrestling (CPW) in Brookport, Illinois, where he began his friendship with Ricochet.
 Currently, he most notably wrestles for Chikara, Evolve, Ring of Honor (ROH), and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), where he is the current PWG World Champion in his first reign.
 He also serves as an assistant trainer at The Wrestle Factory, operated by Chikara founder Mike Quackenbush.
The Cave-In-Rock Ferry is one of three passenger ferry services that cross the Ohio River into the U.S. state of Kentucky.
 It connects Illinois Route 1 in Cave-In-Rock, Hardin County, Illinois to Kentucky Route 91, 10.6 miles north of Marion, Kentucky.
 It is the only public river crossing available between the Brookport Bridge at Paducah, Kentucky and the Shawneetown Bridge at Old Shawneetown, Illinois.
Orrin Lorentna Mann (November 25, 1833 – December 13, 1908) was an American soldier and politician who served as an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
 Born in Ohio, Mann struggled to find gainful employment in his early years and made two abortive attempts to gain a university education.
 While in Chicago, Illinois, Mann raised a regiment, the 39th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment, which deployed in late 1861.
 Mann led the unit through the First Battle of Kernstown and Siege of Fort Wagner before sustaining an injury while leading at the Battle of Drewry's Bluff.
 During this latter engagement, Mann was promoted to brigadier general.
 He spent most of the rest of the war as the Provost Marshal of Norfolk, Virginia.
In the U.S. state of Illinois, U.S. Route 45 is a major north–south highway that runs from the Brookport Bridge over the Ohio River at Brookport north through rural sections of eastern Illinois and then through the suburbs of Chicago to the Wisconsin border east of Antioch.
 This is a distance of 428.99 mi .
 U.S. 45 is the longest numbered route in Illinois.
U.S. Route 45 (US 45) enters Kentucky at Fulton in Fulton County and travels northeast through Hickman County, Graves County, and McCracken County.
 After passing through Mayfield in Graves County it heads directly north into Paducah as a four-lane highway.
 In Paducah, US 45 serves as a major artery, intersecting with Interstate 24 at Exit 7, and intersecting US 60 and 62.
 U.S. 45 leaves Kentucky from Paducah's northern border across the two-lane, metal-grate Brookport Bridge to Brookport, Illinois across the Ohio River.
The Brookport Bridge (officially the Irvin S. Cobb Bridge) is a ten-span, steel deck (grate), narrow two-lane truss bridge that carries U.S. Route 45 (US 45) across the Ohio River in the U.S. states of Illinois and Kentucky.
 It connects Paducah, Kentucky north to Brookport, Illinois.
Trevor Mann (born October 11, 1988) is an American professional wrestler best known by the ring name Ricochet.
Parker City, also known simply as Parker, is a former settlement in Johnson County, Illinois, United States.
 Parker City was west of New Burnside, south of Creal Springs, and founded at the crossings of the former Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway and Marion to Brookport branch of the Illinois Central Railroad.
 The town was named after George Washington Parker, a former president of the St. Louis, Alton and Terre Haute Railroad, which was a predecessor to the Big Four.
Trevor Mann CBE (born April 1961) is a British born engineer and businessman.
 Mann is Chief Operating Officer of Mitsubishi Motors.
Brookport is a city in Massac County, Illinois, United States.
 The population was 1,054 at the 2000 census.
 It is part of the Paducah, KY-IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 The current Mayor of Brookport, Tami Wessel, is one of nine Libertarian mayors in the United States.
