The 1977 Hamilton Tiger-Cats season was the 20th season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 28th overall.
 The Tiger-Cats finished in 4th place in the East division with a 5–11 record and missed the playoffs.
 Frank M.Gibson would be in his final season as the Secretary-Treasurer of the Tiger-Cats.
 A trophy, bearing his name, was instituted by the CFL in 1977 recognizing the Outstanding Rookie in the Eastern Division.
 Coming off a season as Toronto’s outstanding defensive player, he was also an Eastern Football Conference All-Star in 1977.
The Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award is annually awarded to the best defensive player in the Canadian Football League.
 The winner of the award is selected by members of the Football Reporters of Canada along with the head coaches in the CFL.
 The two nominees for the award are the James P. McCaffrey Trophy winner from the East Division, and the Norm Fieldgate Trophy winner from the West Division.
 Between the years of 1955 to 1973, both defensive players and offensive lineman had to compete for the CFL's Most Outstanding Lineman Award.
 By the 1974 season, the league decided to make two separate awards for both defensive players and offensive lineman.
Defensive Player of the Year is the name of an award given in sports for outstanding defensive play by a single player over the course of a season.
 Many sports leagues award this type of award.
 A listing of the league awards for Defensive Player of the Year is included below:
Jovon Johnson (born November 2, 1983) is a professional Canadian football defensive back for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
 He was most recently a member of the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
 Johnson was the winner of the CFL's Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award in 2011 while with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, becoming the first defensive back to win the award in the league.
 He is also a two-time CFL All-Star and five-time CFL East Division All-Star.
 In addition, he was a member of the 2007 Saskatchewan Roughriders that won the Grey Cup, though he spent little time on the active roster and finished the penultimate game on the practice roster.
David Ménard (born May 13, 1989) is a Canadian football defensive lineman for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
 He was selected in the fourth round and 32nd overall by the Lions in the 2014 CFL Draft and signed with the team on May 27, 2014.
 He was ranked as the 13th best player in the Canadian Football League’s Amateur Scouting Bureau final rankings for players eligible in the 2014 CFL Draft.
 He played CIS football with the Montreal Carabins.
Solomon Elimimian (born October 21, 1986) is a Canadian football linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
 He was named the CFL's Most Outstanding Rookie in 2010.
 In 2014, he won the CFL's Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award and Most Outstanding Player Award.
 Elimimian is the first purely defensive player to win the league's Most Outstanding Player Award as well as the first player to win three different CFL awards in his career.
 He played college football for the Hawaii Warriors and attended Crenshaw High School in South Los Angeles, California.
The James P. McCaffrey Trophy is a Canadian Football League trophy, awarded to the outstanding defensive player in the East Division.
 Each team in the East division nominates a candidate, from which the winner is chosen.
 Either the winner of this trophy or the winner of the Norm Fieldgate Trophy will also win the Canadian Football League Most Outstanding Defensive Player award.
The Wilson Defensive Player of the Year Award is awarded annually to the best defensive player at each fielding position in Major League Baseball.
 One overall Defensive Player of the Year is also selected each year.
 Unlike the Rawlings Gold Glove Awards, which are voted on by major league managers and coaches, the Wilson Defensive Player of the Year Award winners are determined by statistics using sabermetrics.
 In 2012, the baseball glove manufacturer Wilson created the Defensive Player of the Year Award to honor the best defensive player on each team in Major League Baseball.
 One award winner was selected from each league as that league's overall Defensive Player of the Year.
 Starting in 2014, the awards are given to the best defensive player at each position, regardless of league, and the overall award is given to only one player, regardless of league.
 Also in 2014, a new award was created for the best Defensive Team of the Year, regardless of league.
John Chick (born November 20, 1982) is a professional Canadian football defensive end for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
 He was named the CFL's Most Outstanding Defensive Player after the 2009 CFL season.
 He helped the Roughriders capture the Grey Cup twice, in 2007 and 2013.
 Chick has also spent time in the National Football League (NFL) with the Indianapolis Colts and Jacksonville Jaguars.
 Prior to playing professional football, Chick played college football for the Utah State Aggies.
 During his senior season with the Aggies, Chick recorded 12.5 quarterback sacks, good enough for fifth overall in the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The Norm Fieldgate Trophy is a Canadian Football League trophy awarded to the outstanding defensive player in the West Division.
 Each team in the West division nominates a player, from which the winner is chosen.
 Either the winner of this trophy or the winner of the James P. McCaffrey Trophy will also be the winner of the Canadian Football League Most Outstanding Defensive Player award.
 The trophy is named after former BC Lions linebacker Norm Fieldgate.
