Sergey Gavrilets is a Russian-born physicist turned American theoretical biologist, currently a Distinguished Professor at the University of Tennessee.
 He is a theoretical evolutionary biologist who has made contributions to the study of social complexity and human evolutionary transitions.
 He is currently Associate Director for Scientific Activities at the National Institute for Mathematical and Biological Synthesis.
 In 2017, he was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Sean Nee (born 3 July 1959) is an evolutionary biologist and theoretical ecologist.
 He has been a Lecturer at Oxford University and Professor at the University of Edinburgh.
 He has published scientific research papers with ecologist Robert May, theoretical biologist John Maynard Smith and epidemiologist and novelist Sunetra Gupta.
"The Imitation Game" is a 2014 British-American historical thriller film about British mathematician, logician, cryptanalyst and pioneering computer scientist Alan Turing, a key figure in cracking Nazi Germany's Enigma code that helped the Allies win the Second World War, only to later be criminally prosecuted for his homosexuality.
 It stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Turing and is directed by Morten Tyldum with a screenplay by Graham Moore, based on the biography "" by Andrew Hodges.
Gisbert F. R. Hasenjaeger (June 1, 1919 – September 2, 2006) was a German mathematical logician.
 Independently and simultaneously with Leon Henkin in 1949, he developed a new proof of the completeness theorem of Kurt Gödel for predicate logic.
 He worked as an assistant to Heinrich Scholz at Section IVa of Oberkommando der Wehrmacht Chiffrierabteilung, and was responsible for the security of the Enigma machine.
Heinrich Scholz (] ; December 17, 1884 – December 30, 1956) was a German logician, philosopher, and Protestant theologian who was a peer of Alan Turing, who wrote in his memoirs that he on the inclusion of his essay from 1936 "On Computable Numbers, with an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem" [was disappointed that only] two people could have understood it, and would have responded [had he been asked] – Heinrich Scholz and Richard Bevan Braithwaite.
 Scholz had an extraordinary career but was not considered a brilliant logician, for example on the same level as Gottlob Frege or Rudolf Carnap, but was considered an outstanding scientist of national importance.
 He provided a suitable academic environment for his students to thrive.
 He founded the Institute of Mathematical Logic and Fundamental Research at the University of Münster in 1936, which can be said enabled the study of logic at the highest international level after World War 2 up until the present day.
Alan Mathison Turing ( ; 23 June 1912 – 7 June 1954) was an English computer scientist, mathematician, logician, cryptanalyst, philosopher and theoretical biologist.
Edgar Frank "Ted" Codd (19 August 1923 – 18 April 2003) was an English computer scientist who, while working for IBM, invented the relational model for database management, the theoretical basis for relational databases.
 He made other valuable contributions to computer science, but the relational model, a very influential general theory of data management, remains his most mentioned achievement.
Alan Turing (1912–1954) was a British mathematician, logician, cryptanalyst and computer scientist.
Professor Raymond Turner (born 28 April 1947) is an English logician and theoretical computer scientist based at the University of Essex.
 He is best known for his work on logic in computer science and for his pioneering work in the philosophy of computer science.
 He is on the editorial boards for the Journal of Logic and Computation and the Stanford Encyclopaedia of Philosophy, for Logic, Computation, and Agency.
Stathis K. Zachos (Greek: Στάθης (Ευστάθιος) Ζάχος ; born 1947, Athens) is a mathematician, logician and theoretical computer scientist.
