The Bismarck Monument in Bad Kissingen is located in Hausen (a quarter of the German spa town, Bad Kissingen), which Chancellor Otto von Bismarck visited 14 times to "take the cure" between 1876 and 1893.
 The monument was built in 1877, during his lifetime.
 It was the first statue to be erected in Bismarck's honour.
Red Flag Mangyongdae Revolutionary School is an elite school in Mangyongdae district, Pyongyang, North Korea.
 Established in 1947, it is a special education school with access only to the children of war dead, Party, military, administrative and high-ranking officials’ families.
 Originally, the school was called the Magyongdae School for the Bereaved Children of Revolutionaries, which was to "receive children of fallen revolutionaries" and "educate their children and train them into fine revolutionaries after the independence of Korea.
 It was located at Kan-ri, Daedong, South Pyongan.
 After the formal establishment of North Korea it was moved to Pyongyang and there the first statue of Kim Il-sung was erected, according to North Korean authorities, at the suggestion of Kim Jong Suk, Kim Il Sung's wife.
Norman Borlaug, or Dr. Norman E. Borlaug, is a bronze sculpture depicting the American agronomist and humanitarian of the same name by Benjamin Victor, installed in the United States Capitol's National Statuary Hall, in Washington, D.C., as part of the National Statuary Hall Collection.
 The statue was donated by the U.S. state of Iowa in 2014, and replaced one depicting James Harlan, which the state had gifted in 1910.
Benjamin Victor (died 1778) was an English theatrical manager and writer.
The Robert Burns Memorial is an outdoor memorial and statue of Scottish poet Robert Burns, located in Stanley Park in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
 It was dedicated on 25 August 1928, becoming the first statue erected in Vancouver.
The Godley Statue is a bronze statue situated in Cathedral Square in Christchurch, New Zealand.
 It commemorates the "Founder of Canterbury" John Robert Godley.
 It was the first statue portraying a person in New Zealand.
 The statue fell off its plinth in the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake and time capsules were discovered inside the plinth.
 It was four years before the statue was returned to its position.
Fern Cunningham is an American sculptor.
 One of her best known works is the Harriet Tubman Memorial, which was the first statue honoring a woman on city-owned land in Boston.
Benjamin Matthew Victor (January 16, 1979 in Taft, CA) is an American sculptor and Artist-in-Residence and Professor of the Practice at Boise State University.
 He is also the only living artist to have two works in the National Statuary Hall in the United States Capital.
.
 He was only 26 years old when his first statue, "Sarah Winnemucca," a Paiute activist in Nevada, was dedicated in the Hall in 2005, making him the youngest artist to ever be represented in the Hall.
 Less than 10 years later, a second sculpture of Norman Borlaug, "the father of the Green Revolution," was dedicated in the Hall in 2014.
 In 2010, Benjamin Victor completed the "Taft Monument to Oilworkers", which is currently the largest bronze sculpture in California.
Benjamin Victor Cohen (September 23, 1894 – 1983), a member of the administrations of Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman, had a public service career that spanned from the early New Deal through and beyond the Vietnam War era.
The marble Kritios Boy or Kritian Boy belongs to the Early Classical period of ancient Greek sculpture.
 It is the first statue from classical antiquity known to use contrapposto; Kenneth Clark called it "the first beautiful nude in art" It is possible, even likely, that earlier Bronze statues had used the technique, but if they did, they have not survived and Susan Woodford has speculated that the statue is a copy of a Bronze original.
 The Kritios Boy is thus named because it is attributed, on slender evidence, to Kritios who worked together with Nesiotes (sculptors of "Harmodius and Aristogeiton") or their school, from around 480 BC.
 As currently mounted, the statue is considerably smaller than life-size at c. 86 cm (3 ft 10 ins), including the supports that replace the missing feet.
