Oscar Peterson Plays the Richard Rodgers Songbook is a 1959 studio album by pianist Oscar Peterson of compositions written by Richard Rodgers.
Elena Shaddow is an American singer and actress.
 She is originally from Chagrin Falls, Ohio, and has performed on Broadway, Off-Broadway, regionally, in national tours, and in London.
 Her Broadway credits include "Les Misérables", "Sweet Smell of Success", "Nine", "Fiddler on the Roof", and "The Woman in White".
 She has performed twice at the Tony Awards, on "The Today Show", and on "The Rosie O'Donnell Show".
 She can be heard on the recordings of "Illyria", "Carols for a Cure", the new Broadway cast recording of "Nine", the original cast recording of "The Water Coolers", and on the original cast recording of "Sweet Smell of Success".
 She has been nominated twice for a Helen Hayes Award for Best Actress, once for her work in "Senor Discretion Himself" at Arena Stage and one for her work in the national Tour of "The Light in the Piazza".
 She recently toured as Clara Johnson in Adam Guettel's "The Light in the Piazza" before leaving and being replaced by Katie Clarke.
 She is currently starring as Anne Dindon in the 2010 Tony-winning revival of "La Cage aux Folles".
 In August 2013, she was in the world premiere of Jason Robert Brown's new musical, "The Bridges of Madison County" at the Williamstown Theatre Festival, starring alongside Steven Pasquale.
In Love Again: The Music of Richard Rodgers is a 2002 studio album by Stacey Kent, of the songs of the American composer Richard Rodgers.
"I Like to Recognize the Tune" is an American popular song written by composer Richard Rodgers and lyricist Lorenz Hart.
 The song was introduced by Eddie Bracken, Marcy Wescott, Mary Jane Walsh, Richard Kollmar and Hal Le Roy in the 1939 Broadway musical "Too Many Girls".
 The lyrics lament the distortions of melody inherent in Jazz and Swing: "I like to recognize the tune / I want to savvy what the band is playing / I keep saying, "Must you bury the tune?"
 In his autobiography, "Musical Stages", Richard Rodgers described the motivations that inspired the song: "we voiced objection to the musical distortions, then so much a part of pop music because of the swing-band influence."
Carousel is the second musical by the team of Richard Rodgers (music) and Oscar Hammerstein II (book and lyrics).
 The 1945 work was adapted from Ferenc Molnár's 1909 play "Liliom", transplanting its Budapest setting to the Maine coastline.
 The story revolves around carousel barker Billy Bigelow, whose romance with millworker Julie Jordan comes at the price of both their jobs.
 He attempts a robbery to provide for Julie and their unborn child; after it goes wrong, he is given a chance to make things right.
 A secondary plot line deals with millworker Carrie Pipperidge and her romance with ambitious fisherman Enoch Snow.
 The show includes the well-known songs "If I Loved You", "June Is Bustin' Out All Over" and "You'll Never Walk Alone".
 Richard Rodgers later wrote that "Carousel" was his favorite of all his musicals.
The ASCAP Foundation Richard Rodgers Award is an annual award presented by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), in recognition of lifetime achievement by composers and lyricists in musical theatre.
 Established by Dorothy Rodgers in honor of her late husband Richard Rodgers, the award was first presented to Howard Dietz in 1983.
 The honor was not presented in 1992, 1994, 2004, or 2005, and years with more than one recipient include 1984, 1990, 1993, 1995, and 1997.
Dearest Enemy is a musical with a book by Herbert Fields, lyrics by Lorenz Hart, and music by Richard Rodgers.
 This was the first of eight book musicals written by the songwriting team of Rodgers and Hart and writer Herbert Fields, and the first of more than two dozen Rodgers and Hart Broadway musicals.
 The musical takes place in 1776, during the American Revolutionary War, when Mary Lindley Murray detained British troops long enough in Manhattan to give George Washington time to move his vulnerable troops.
The Richard Rodgers Theatre is a Broadway theater located at 226 West 46th Street, between Broadway and 8th Avenue, in New York City.
 The theatre was built by Irwin Chanin in 1925 and was originally called Chanin's 46th Street Theatre.
 Chanin almost immediately leased it to the Shuberts, who bought the building outright in 1931 and renamed it the 46th Street Theatre.
 In 1945, the theatre was taken over by Robert W. Dowling.
 In 1960, it was purchased by the producer Lester Osterman., who sold it to producers Stephen R. Friedman and Irwin Meyer in 1978.
 In 1981, it was purchased and renovated by the Nederlander Organization, who in 1990 changed the house's name in memory of the composer Richard Rodgers.
A Tribute to Richard Rodgers is a studio album by American singer Shirley Jones of The Partridge Family music group.
 The album features 10 tracks of Richard Rodgers songs performed by Shirley Jones.
 It was produced by Les Brown Jr. for Rayburt Productions.
 "A Tribute to Richard Rodgers" features several well known classics, including a cover version of The Marcels hit "Blue Moon".
 The album was released in 2011 on Encore Music Presents Records.
Richard Rodgers School refers to several schools named after the American composer Richard Rodgers, including these two in New York City:
