Theodore Delavan Wilson (also Theodore Delevan Wilson) (11 May 1840 – 29 June 1896) was an American naval ship designer, constructor and instructor of naval architecture and shipbuilding.
 As chief constructor for the Bureau of Construction and Repair from 1882 to 1892, he was in charge of all new warship design for the United States Navy.
 Through his efforts, the Navy began its transition out of a post–Civil War slump to become a modern naval power.
 Warships he designed include the pre-dreadnought battleship "USS Maine", whose destruction in Havana, Cuba in 1898 precipitated the Spanish–American War.
The Commander in Chief Naval Fleet (Italian:"Il Comando in Capo della Squadra Navale ") (CINCNAV) is a post in the Italian Navy that is responsible for the operational aspects of the Italian Navy, including ships, submarines and aircraft.
The Chief of Staff of the Italian Navy (Italian Capo di Stato Maggiore della Marina Militare ) is the commander of the Italian Navy
Ship-of-the-line captain (French: "capitaine de vaisseau"; German: "linienschiffskapitän" (Austro-Hungarian Navy), "Kapitän zur See" (German and the Royal Netherlands navies); Italian Navy: "capitano di vascello"; Spanish Navy: "capitán de navío"; Croatian Navy: "kapetan bojnog broda") is a rank that appears in several navies.
 The name of the rank derives from the fact the rank corresponded to command of a warship of the largest class, the ship-of-the-line, as opposed to smaller types (corvettes and frigates).
 It is normally above the rank of frigate captain.
Anteo (A5309) is a submarine rescue ship of the Italian Navy, assigned to Raggruppamento Subacquei ed Incursori "Teseo Tesei" (COMSUBIN).
 ITS "Anteo" is the third ship to bear this name in the Italian Navy.
 The ship’s design was developed by the “Ufficio Navi Speciali del Reparto Progetti Navi” (Special Office of the Ships Projects Division), according to the guidelines provided by the Navy General Staff.
 The ship was built at Cantiere Navale Breda di Porto Marghera and commissioned to the Italian Navy on 31 July 1980.
The ""San Marco"" Marine Brigade (Italian: "Brigata Marina "San Marco"") is an amphibious formation of the Italian Navy established on 1 March 2013, reorganizing the Navy Landing Force.
 It has its command in Brindisi.
 They are the marines of the Italian Navy.
The explosive motorboat MT ("Motoscafo da Turismo") also known as "barchino" (Italian for "little boat"), was a series of small explosive motor boats developed by the Italian Royal Navy, which was based on its predecessors, the prototype boat MA ("Motoscafo d'Assalto") and the MAT ("Motoscafo Avio Trasportato"), an airborne prototype.
 Explosive motorboats were designed to make a silent approach to a moored warship, set a collision course and run into full gear until the last 200 or 100 yards to the target, when the pilot would eject after blocking the rudder.
 At impact, the hull would be broken amidships by a small explosive charge, sinking the boat and the warhead, which was fitted with a water-pressure fuse set to go off at a depth of one metre.
 By the end of September 1938 the Navy Department ordered six explosive boats.
 The one-pilot vessels were built by the companies Baglietto of Varazze and CABI of Milan, which was also to supply the engines.
 The small vessels were used by the Italian Navy in at least two major operations in the Mediterranean theatre during World War II.
Operation Scylla (Italian: "Operazione Scilla") was a successful Italian Navy attempt to transfer the light cruiser "Scipione Africano" from their bases in the Tyrrhenian Sea to Taranto, in the Ionian Sea, during the Allied invasion of Sicily in July 1943, in the course of World War II.
 The operation is notable for the night engagement between the Italian cruiser and four British motor torpedo boats during the passage of the strait of Messina, in the early hours of 17 July 1943.
 The action also marked the only time that an Italian warship made an effective combat use of surface radar in World War II.
The Italian Navy (Italian: "Marina Militare" , "Military Navy"; abbreviated as MM) is the maritime defence force of the Italian Republic.
 It is one of the four branches of Italian Armed Forces and was formed in 1946 from what remained of the "Regia Marina" (Royal Navy) after World War II.
 As of August 2014, the Italian Navy had a strength of 30,923 active personnel with approximately 184 vessels in service, including minor auxiliary vessels.
The White Ship (Italian:La nave bianca) is a 1941 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini.
 Its cast was made up entirely of amateur actors, many of them the real crew of a hospital ship of the Italian navy.
 The production was a work of propaganda intended to support the war aims of the Fascist Italian regime during the Second World War.
 It was made with the close co-operation of the Italian Navy, particularly Francesco De Robertis.
 Vittorio Mussolini, the son of the Italian dictator, was also a supporter of the project.
