WRN Broadcast, formerly known as World Radio Network, WRN Broadcast Limited was acquired by Babcock International Group plc in March 2015.
 WRN is an international broadcast services company based in the United Kingdom that works with television channels and radio broadcasters, media owners and brands enabling them to deliver content to target audiences worldwide.
 WRN Broadcast has developed since 1992 when it was founded as an international radio distribution company known as World Radio Network, which rebroadcasts news and information programs produced by various international public radio networks.
The Inuit Broadcasting Corporation (IBC) is a television broadcasting company based in Nunavut.
 Its programming is targeted at the Inuit population of Nunavut and almost all of its programs are broadcast in Inuktitut.
 Select programs are also broadcast in English.
 In contrast with traditional commercial television broadcasting companies, IBC shows centre on Inuit culture.
 The company has five production centres in various places in Nunavut, all staffed by Inuit.
 Founded in the early 1980s, the IBC was the first Native language television network in North America.
Shasta Cascade Broadcasting Corporation is a small independent broadcast company based in Mount Shasta, California.
 It used to own KWSD-AM 620 (now KMJC, a Jefferson Public Radio-owned station) and KEDY-FM 95.3 (now KKLC, a repeater station for K-LOVE).
 The company was founded on July 25, 1946, by David H. Rees, Sr., who applied for domestic corporation on that date and KWSD-AM began to broadcast the following year in 1947.
 It remains an active business.
 David H. Rees, Jr., is the owner/president.
 Robert D. Winston is the registered agent.
The Dispatch Broadcast Group is a media company based in Columbus, Ohio.
 The group is a division of the Dispatch Printing Company, former owner of the Columbus Dispatch, and has been owned by the Wolfe family since 1929.
 The Dispatch Broadcast Group includes the WBNS television (CBS-affiliate WBNS-TV) and radio (WBNS (AM) and WBNS-FM) stations in Columbus, the Ohio News Network, and NBC-affiliate WTHR television in Indianapolis formerly (WLW-I) which was purchased in 1975.
Ozie Boo!
 is a French 3D animation television series for children aged 2–6 years that began in 2005.
 It is produced by Cyber Group Studios, a company based in Paris, France and in the US by PorchLight Entertainment.
 In France, the first season was broadcast on the Disney Channel and on France 5 in "Zouzous", and the second season on Canal J.
 The series is broadcast in about 80 countries.
 "Ozie Boo!"
 has also been released worldwide on VHS/DVD.
 Season 2 has been available in the USA since December 2005.
 Season 3 was broadcast in 2007.
 In Ireland the series started broadcasting in 2008 on kids channel Cula 4.
Linear Acoustic is an American company based in Lancaster, Pennsylvania that develops technology and manufacturers equipment used by television stations, cable television and satellite television services providers, post-production facilities and other content services providers to control, measure, manage and monitor multi-channel digital audio.
 The company has been especially active in areas related to automated upmixing and downmixing of multichannel broadcast audio, and with issues related to relative loudness of broadcast audio.
Peter Raymont (born February 28, 1950 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian filmmaker and producer and the president of White Pine Pictures, an independent film, television and new media production company based in Toronto.
 Among his films are "" (2005), "A Promise to the Dead: The Exile Journey of Ariel Dorfman" (2007), "The World Stopped Watching" (2003) and "The World Is Watching" (1988).
 The 2011 feature documentary "West Wind: The Vision of Tom Thomson" and 2009's "Genius Within: The Inner Life of Glenn Gould", were co-directed with Michèle Hozer.
 Raymont is Executive Producer of the television drama series, The Border, which he co-created with Lindalee Tracey, Janet MacLean and Jeremy Hole.
 The Border's 3 seasons have been broadcast in more than 25 countries.
 He is also the Executive Producer of the CBC drama series, Cracked, a Toronto-based police procedural which explores the intersection of the law and mental illness.
[ Cracked's 2 seasons are also broadcast in France, Germany, USA and elsewhere.
Benetone Films is a production company based in Bangkok, Thailand.
 It was founded in 2002 by Rajpal Narula, and is today headed by his two sons, Rachvin and Kulthep Narula.
 The company was recognized as the No. 1 Foreign Production Service Company in Thailand for 9 years in a row (2008 to 2016) by Thailand Film Office; having line produced over 900 commercials and over 80 feature films which include Bollywood blockbusters such as "Ek Tha Tiger", "Student of the Year", "Bhaag Milkha Bhaag", "Housefull 2", "Partner", "Murder" and "No Entry".
 In 2011, Benetone Films entered a partnership with Daemon Hillin, establishing Benetone Hillin Entertainment, a production house based in Los Angeles, becoming the first Thailand film production company to enter the US Indie Film market.
Khushi Ek Roag (or Khushi Aik Roag) (Urdu: خوشی ایک روگ‎ ) is a 2012 Pakistani drama serial.
 Serial is broadcasting on ARY Digital since 11 June 2012.
 It is directed by "Mohsin Mirza" and written by "Seema Munaf", starring Yumna Zaidi, Shahood Alvi, Farhan Ally Agha, Naheed Shabbir and Sami Khan.
2-inch quadruplex videotape (also called 2″ quad, or just quad, for short) is the first practical and commercially successful analog recording videotape format.
 It was developed and released for the broadcast television industry in 1956 by Ampex, an American company based in Redwood City, California.
 The first videotape recorder using this format was built and created in the same year.
 This format revolutionized broadcast television operations and television production, since the only recording medium available to the TV industry before then was film used for kinescopes, which was much more costly to utilize and took time to develop at a film laboratory.
 In addition, kinescope images were usually of obviously inferior quality to the live television broadcast images they recorded, whereas quadruplex videotape preserved almost all the image detail of a live broadcast.
