Baloji Kunjar / Kunjir (17**–1816) (Marathi: बालाजी कुंजर / कुंजीर) was Maratha Sardar and Minister of Affairs in service of Peshwa Baji Rao II.
 He was Peshwa Baji Rao II's favorite.
 After the death of Peshwa Sawai Madhavrao, there was debates for the position of Peshwa among the maratha empire.
 Balaji Kunjar performed a successful role to convey most friendly declaration and assurance between Baji Rao II and Nana Phadanvis, to appoint Baji Rao II as peshwa of Maratha Empire.
 Peshwa Baji Rao II and Nana Phadanvis awarded inam (Jagir) to him in 14 villages near Purandhar fort, for his role.
 He performed successful role in administration of maratha empire and as affairs minister or diplomat (vakil) for Peshwa Baji Rao II.
 He along with his son Pandoji Kunjar and Narayan, enjoyed the position as Sur-Patil (सर-पाटील) at Pune Punch Mahals during the era of Peshawa Baji Rao II.
 He along with his family has long enjoyed the privileges of sar-patil of 360 villages and towns in the Subha of Poona.
New Palace, Kolhapur is a palace situated in Kolhapur, in the Indian state of Maharastra.
 It was constructed between 1877–1884.
 Being an excellent specimen of architecture built in black polished stone, it has been an attraction for tourists.
 It has extensive premises with a garden, fountain and wrestling ground.
 The whole building is eight-angled and has a tower in the middle.
 The clock on it was fixed in 1877.
 At separate distances there are small towers.
 On every glass are painted the events in Shivaji's life.
 There is a zoo and a ground lake.
 Even today, it is the residence of Chhatrapati Shahu, the direct descendent of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, the founder of Maratha Empire.
The Maratha Navy refers to the naval wing of the armed forces of Maratha Empire, which existed from around mid-17th century to mid-18th century in India.
 The founder of Maratha Empire Chhatrapati Shivaji is considered as the "Father of Indian Navy".
The Bhonsle (or Bhonsale, Bhosale, Bhosle) are a prominent group within the Maratha clan system.
 Traditionally a warrior clan, some members served as rulers of several states in India, the most prominent being Shivaji, the founder of the Maratha Empire.
 His successors ruled as chhatrapatis (emperors/maharajas) from their capital at Satara, although "de facto" rule of the empire passed to the Peshwas, the Maratha hereditary chief ministers, during the reign of Shahu I.
 In addition to the Bhonsle Chhatrapatis of Satara, rulers of the Bhonsle clan established themselves as junior branch of Chhatrapatis at Kolhapur, and as Maharajas of Nagpur in modern-day Maharashtra in the 18th century.
Rajaram II Bhonsle, also known as Ramaraja, was the 6th monarch of Maratha Empire.
 He was an adopted son of Chhattrapati Shahu.
 Tarabai had presented him to Shahu as her own grandson and used him to grab power after Shahu's death.
 However, after being sidelined, she stated that Rajaram II was only an imposter.
 Nevertheless, Peshwa Balaji Baji Rao retained him as the titular Chhatrapati.
 In reality, Peshwa and other chiefs had all the executive power, while Rajaram II was only a figurehead.
Balaji Vishwanath (Bhatt) was born into a Konkanastha Brahmin (aka Chitpavan) family.
 The family hailed from the coastal Konkan region of present-day Maharashtra and were the hereditary Deshmukh for Shrivardhan under the Siddi of Janjira.
 He went out in search of employment to the upper regions of western ghats and worked as a mercenary trooper under various Maratha generals.
 According to Kincaid & Parasnis, Balaji Vishwanath entered the Maratha administration during the reign of Chhatrapati Sambhaji or the regency of his brother, Rajaram.
Later he served as an accountant for the Maratha general, Dhanaji Jadhav, at Janjira.
 Between 1699 and 1702, he served as the "Sar-subhedar" or head-administrator at Pune and from 1704 to 1707 as Sarsubedar of Daulatabad.
 By the time Dhanaji died, Balaji had proven himself as an honest and able officer.Balaji fell out with Dhanaji's son and successor , Chandrarao Jadhav and went over to the newly released Maratha ruler Chhatrapati Shahu who took note of his abilities and appointed Balaji as his assistant ("c."1708).
Shahu Bhonsle (1682–1749 CE) was the fifth Chhatrapati of the Maratha Empire created by his grandfather, Shivaji.
 Shahu, he was taken prisoner with his mother in 1689 by Mughal General,Nusrat Jang.
 He came out of captivity by the Mughals and defeated his aunt Tarabai in an internecine conflict to gain the throne in 1708.
 After the death of Aurangzeb, leading Mughal courtiers released Shahu with a force of fifty men, thinking that a friendly Maratha leader would be a useful ally.
Baji Rao (18 August 1700 – 28 April 1740) was a general of the Maratha Empire in India.
 He served as "Peshwa" (Prime Minister) to the fifth Maratha Chhatrapati (Emperor) Shahu from 1720 until his death.
 He is also known by the name Bajirao Ballal.
Maynak Bhandari was one of the first chiefs or Admiral of the Maratha Navy under Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, and helped in both building the Maratha Navy and safeguarding the coastline of the emerging Maratha Empire.
 Under his leadership, Maratha navy won the battle at Khanderi fort near Alibaug.
 He was belong to the Bhandari caste.
 Along with Daria Sarang, another admiral who served Maharaj, Bhandari commanded a naval fleet of 200 ships.
 Their official titles of Mai Nayak Bhandari and Daria Sarang translate to Water Leader and Sea Captain, respectively.
 The Maratha Navy was the forerunner of India's present-day Coast Guard.
 A memorial has been built to Ram Nayak Bhandari at Bhatye Village, close to Ratnagiri town.
The Maratha emperors, from the early 17th century to the early 18th century, built and ruled the Maratha Empire on the Indian subcontinent, mainly corresponding to the modern countries of Bangladesh, India and Pakistan. )
 Their power rapidly dwindled during the 18th century and the last of the emperors was deposed in 1818, with the establishment of the British Raj.
 At their empire's greatest extent in the late 17th and early 18th centuries, they controlled much of the Indian subcontinent, extending from Bengal in the east to Atak and Sindh in the west, Kashmir in the north to the Kaveri basin in the south.
 Peshwas served as subordinates to the Chhatrapati (the Maratha king), but later, they became the leaders of the Marathas, and the Chatrapati was reduced to a nominal ruler.
 During the last years of the Maratha Empire, Peshwe were instrumental in expanding the Maratha empire to this extent.
