Songs by George Harrison is a book of song lyrics and commentary by English musician George Harrison, with illustrations by New Zealand artist Keith West.
 It was published in February 1988, in a limited run of 2500 copies, by Genesis Publications, and included an EP of rare or previously unreleased Harrison recordings.
 Intended as a luxury item, each copy was hand-bound and boxed, and available only by direct order through Genesis in England.
 The book contains the lyrics to 60 Harrison compositions, the themes of which West represents visually with watercolour paintings.
 Starting in 1985, Harrison and West worked on the project for two years, during which Harrison returned to music-making with his album "Cloud Nine", after focusing on film production for much of the early 1980s.
 The book includes a foreword by his "Cloud Nine" co-producer, Jeff Lynne, and a written contribution from Elton John.
"I Live for You" is a song by English musician George Harrison originally recorded during the sessions for his "All Things Must Pass" triple album in 1970.
 Long available on bootlegs, the song was finally released officially as a bonus track on the 30th anniversary reissue of "All Things Must Pass" in January 2001.
 The released recording features only Harrison's lead vocal and Pete Drake's prominent pedal-steel guitar from the 1970 album sessions, with all other instruments overdubbed by Harrison and his son Dhani in 2000.
 Despite the wealth of unreleased material recorded for "All Things Must Pass", it was the only new song included with the album's 2001 reissue.
 Music critics recognise "I Live for You" as one of many George Harrison compositions that can be interpreted as both a traditional love song and a devotional song.
The sixth series of "Top Gear" aired during 2005 and consisted of 11 episodes in total, the highest seen in any series of "Top Gear".
 The series began on 22 May and concluded on 7 August, but did not feature a compilation episode of the best moments from the series.
 This series featured a search for the "Greatest Driving Song of All Time", with the top five songs each being revealed during Episodes 5 to 9, with the song voted the best being revealed on the Series Finale.
"China in Your Hand" is a song by the British band T'Pau, released from their album "Bridge of Spies".
 A re-recorded version was released as a single in October 1987, spending five weeks at number one in the UK and is arguably the song for which the group is best known in their native Britain, though their debut single "Heart and Soul" was a much bigger hit in the United States.
 "China in Your Hand" was the 600th single to top the UK charts and kept George Harrison's "Got My Mind Set on You" from hitting the top spot.
 In 2015, the power ballad was voted by the British public as the nation's 11th favourite 1980s number one in a poll for ITV.
Joseph Kim Mitchell (born July 10, 1952) is a Canadian musician.
 He was the lead singer and guitarist for the band Max Webster before going on to lead a solo career.
 His 1984 single, "Go For Soda", was his only charted song on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, reaching number 86.
 Six other singles, "Patio Lanterns", "Rock and Roll Duty", "Rockland Wonderland", "Expedition Sailor", "America", and "Some Folks", reached the top 20 in Canada.
The discography of American country artist Jessi Colter consists of eleven studio albums, three compilation albums, twenty six singles, fourteen other appearances, and one other charted song.
 After marrying guitarist Duane Eddy in 1961, Colter recorded two singles and toured with Eddy until divorcing in 1968.
 The following year, she met country artist Waylon Jennings who helped her secure a recording contract with RCA Victor.
 Her debut studio album entitled "A Country Star Is Born" was released in 1970.
 The pair would collaborate on a cover of Elvis Presley's "Suspicious Minds during this time.
 Colter signed with Capitol Records in 1975 and released her debut single off the label "I'm Not Lisa".
 The song became her commercial breakthrough, reaching the number one position on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and crossing over to the Billboard Hot 100 where it reached the top five.
 That same year, Colter's second studio album "I'm Jessi Colter" was issued, which also produce the Top five country hit, "What's Happened to Blue Eyes."
 In 1976, Colter released two more studio albums: "Jessi" and "Diamond in the Rough."
Ben Onono (sometime stylized as Ben OnOnO) is an Ivor Novello and Grammy nominated Nigerian British musician and songwriter, born in Cardiff and raised in West Africa.
 He trained as a concert pianist and co-wrote the 2002 Ivor Novello award nominated worldwide hit single "It Just Won't Do" , with Tim DeLuxe.
 His Top 5 hit song "Rainbow of Love" with Bob Sinclar was used in the 2011 Alfa Romeo advertising campaign .
 The track was the single for the Grammy nominated album "Made In Jamaica" with Sly and Robbie.
 Ben Onono was the featured vocalist and writer of Saffron Hill's 2003 "My Love is Always", as well as the character in its music video.
 The song charted Top 20 in the UK National Charts.
 His song "Fallen Hero" with NuFrequency remains the number 1 most charted song ever on the tastemaker website Resident Advisor.
 Onono has written material for David Guetta, Cicada, Bob Sinclar, Fatboy Slim, Rui Da Silva, Futureshock, Natalie Imbruglia among others .
"If You Believe" is a song by English musician George Harrison from his 1979 album "George Harrison".
 Harrison began writing the song with Gary Wright on New Year's Day 1978 and finished the lyrics a month later while in Hawaii.
 The song appears as the final track on "George Harrison".
 Its lyrics are a statement on the power of faith to bring about a desired outcome.
George Harrison is the eighth studio album by English musician George Harrison, released in February 1979.
 It was written and recorded through much of 1978, a period of domestic contentment for Harrison, during which he married Olivia Trinidad Arias and became a father for the first time, to son Dhani.
 Harrison wrote several of the songs in Hawaii, while the track "Faster" reflected his year away from music-making, when he and Arias attended many of the races in the 1977 Formula 1 World Championship.
 The album also includes the hit single "Blow Away" and "Not Guilty", a song that Harrison originally recorded in 1968 for the Beatles' White Album.
Leaving Eden is the third studio album by contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath.
 It was released on January 18, 2011 through Reunion Records.
 This album received a nomination at 54th Grammy Awards for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album.
 During the week of January 21, 2011, the album's first single "Your Love" was No. 1 on Christian Songs chart, which it spent 27 weeks on the chart.
 Also, the song was charted on the Heatseekers songs chart at the highest of No. 20, and was on the chart for three weeks.
 The second charted song "The Light in Me" was charted at a peak of ninth on the Christian Songs chart during the week of November 5, 2011, and was on the chart for 23 weeks.
 This song was made into a music video by Heath.
 The single "Leaving Eden" was charted at a peak of No. 18 on December 31, 2011 on "Billboards" Christian Songs chart, and has been on the chart 10 weeks to date.
