Lamont Dorrell, known as Ayatollah, is a hip-hop record producer from Queens, New York who has produced for predominantly New York-based rappers including Mos Def, Talib Kweli, R.A.
 The Rugged Man, Tragedy Khadafi, Wordsworth, Vast Aire, Afu-Ra, Guru, M.O.P., Inspectah Deck, Cormega, Ghostface Killah as well as many others.
 R.A. the Rugged Man had said in an interview that he was the first person to ever buy a beat from Ayatollah.
 Broadly speaking Ayatollah's production encompasses a soulful, authentic east coast hip-hop sound which has brought him steady success and acclaim since the late 1990s.
The Wu-Tang Clan is a New York City–based hip-hop musical group, consisting of ten American rappers: RZA, GZA, Raekwon, U-God, Ghostface Killah, Inspectah Deck, Method Man, Masta Killa, Cappadonna, and the late Ol' Dirty Bastard.
 This list chronologically displays the albums of each group member including collaboration and side group albums (such as those by Gravediggaz, Theodore Unit, or Hillside Scramblers).
 This list does not include compilation albums, mixtapes, or extended plays.
Ricanstruction is a New York City based Puerto Rican punk/hip hop/salsa/jazz/reggae fusion musical group and artist collective.
 The band consists of lead vocalist Not4Prophet (also known as N4P, formerly known as Alano Baez, born in Ponce, Puerto Rico), bassist Arturo "R2O" Rodriguez, drummer Joseph "SickFoot" Rodriguez from Harlem, and guitarist Eddie "Alsiva" Alsina.
 Other members of Ricanstruction through the years have included vocalist Taína Asili (formerly of the punk band Anti-Product), percussionist Roger Vasquez (who left the band to join Latin Rock band Ill Niño), and guitarists Fidel Paulino and Steven "Albizoo" Maldonado.
Katherine Oliver is an American media and entertainment executive based in New York City.
 Oliver is currently a Principal at Bloomberg Associates, a philanthropic consultancy firm founded by Michael Bloomberg to provide advice and long-term solutions to cities worldwide.
 On August 1, 2002, she was appointed by New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg as the Commissioner of The New York City Mayor's Office of Film, Theatre and Broadcasting, which facilitates all aspects of film, television and commercial production in New York City, coordinating on-location filming, liaising with the community and promoting the City as an entertainment capital.
 Oliver was the main liaison between the Mayor's Office and Hollywood and aimed "to make filmmakers and production companies happy to return to New York."
 In 2013, Oliver and Mayor Bloomberg were featured on the cover of Variety and were credited for their role in "revitalizing the city's entertainment sector."
 An economic impact study released by the Boston Consulting Group in 2012 found that New York City's entertainment industry during Oliver's tenure as film commissioner had grown to account for a $7.1 billion annual direct spend in New York City, an increase of $2 billion since 2002, and that the local industry created 30,000 jobs in New York City since 2004, growing to employ 130,000 people.
 AM New York noted that: "New York's film and TV industry is stronger than it has ever been, pumping $7.1 billion into the local economy in 2011 and bringing in some $60 billion over the last decade."
 After Bloomberg announced that former president and co-founder of NYC Media Group Arick Wierson was returning to the private sector, Bloomberg named Oliver as the incoming president of NYC Media and general manager of NYCTV.
 In July 2010, Oliver became the commissioner of the Mayor's Office of Media and Entertainment, the city agency that includes the Mayor's Office of Film, Theatre and Broadcasting, NYC Media, and NYC Digital.
Opera Noire of New York is a performing arts company, as well as a resource and network for African-American artists.
 ONNY is an organization which has performed in multiple venues in the New York City metropolitan area.
 Opera Noire was founded by leading New York City Opera tenor Robert Mack, baritone Kenneth Overton and tenor Barron Coleman.
 The group consists of all African American opera singers.
The Germania Musical Society (1848-1854) was a classical musical group that performed in the United States in the mid-19th century.
 Its musicians emigrated from Germany after a successful tour of England.
 Carl Lenschow and Carl Bergmann served as directors.
 The group toured throughout the country.
 Concerts took place in the Melodeon and the Music Hall, Boston; Brinley Hall and City Hall, Worcester, Massachusetts; Astor Opera House, New York City; Metropolitan Hall, New York City; Ocean Hall, Newport, Rhode Island; Westminster Hall, Providence; and elsewhere.
"New York City" is the first single by the musical group Emigrate.
 The promo version of the single has an alternative cover.
 The gas mask has a burning building instead of a woman reflected in lenses.
 It has been considered the band's most successful song, so far.
 Richard, in the music video, can be seen walking through New York City and sitting down and singing.
 The song has been credited by many as a phenomenon, as Richard Z. Kruspe does not show his guitar skills, like he does with Rammstein, but now sings as the main vocalist and does what Till Lindemann states as "[An] incredible job at singing and makes the song perfect in every way, who would have known my fellow German guitarist would now be singing in great American dialect, I'm very proud of Rick".
Northern State is a female hip-hop/indie rock group from New York, United States.
 The group consists of members Julie "Hesta Prynn" Potash, Correne "Spero" (previously "Guinea Love," due to her Italian heritage) Spero, and Robyn "Sprout" Goodmark.
 The group is named after the Northern State Parkway, one of the highways on Long Island, New York State.
The (M)orons is an American comedy and musical group consisting of Broadway performers and writers Drew Gasparini (Gaspo), F. Michael Haynie (F.), Andrew Kober (Andrew Rebecca Kober), and Tony Award nominee Alex Brightman (Brighty).
 The group has performed in various venues throughout New York City, including 54 Below and The Slipper Room.
 Most of their songs are written by Gasparini, and the group often collaborates with other stage performers in New York.
The Wu-Tang Clan is a New York City–based hip-hop musical group, consisting of nine American rappers: RZA, GZA, Raekwon, U-God, Ghostface Killah, Inspectah Deck, Method Man, Masta Killa, and the late Ol' Dirty Bastard.
