Arthur Hailey (April 5, 1920 – November 24, 2004) was a British-Canadian novelist whose plot-driven storylines were set against the backdrops of various industries.
 His meticulously-researched books, which include such best sellers as "Hotel" (1965), "Airport" (1968), "Wheels" (1971), "The Moneychangers" (1975), and "Overload" (1979), have sold 170 million copies in 38 languages.
Educational settings as place and/or subject in fiction forms the theme of this exhaustive catalogue of titles and authors.
 Organized alphabetically by the author's last name, the information is further divided by general school environments and those where the university, specifically, is the primary focal point.
 The list spans centuries and geograpahical boundaries, featuring Charlotte Bronte, Agatha Christie and Honore de Balzac as well as contemporary writers Curtis Sittenfeld, Joyce Carol Oats, and Donna Tartt.
 For those interested in learning more about the school/university in literature, references are included that provide a more academic study of the subgenre.
Simone Elkeles (born April 24, 1970), is an American author known for the teen romance Perfect Chemistry Trilogy and How To Ruin Trilogy.
 She is a New York Times Bestselling young adult author.
 Simone has won the 2010 RITA Award for Best Young Adult Romance from the Romance Writers of America for her book "Perfect Chemistry".
 The sequel to "Perfect Chemistry", "Rules of Attraction", appeared on USA Today Best Sellers List and The New York Times Best Sellers List.
Donna Tartt (born December 23, 1963) is an American writer, the author of the novels "The Secret History" (1992), "The Little Friend" (2002), and "The Goldfinch" (2013).
 Tartt won the WH Smith Literary Award for "The Little Friend" in 2003 and the Pulitzer Prize for fiction for "The Goldfinch" in 2014.
 She was included in the list of the "100 Most Influential People" compiled by "Time" magazine in 2014.
Hotel is a 1967 Technicolor film adaptation of the novel of the same name written by Arthur Hailey.
 The film stars Rod Taylor, Catherine Spaak, Karl Malden, Kevin McCarthy, Michael Rennie, Merle Oberon, and Melvyn Douglas.
 It is directed by Richard Quine.
Camden College is a fictional liberal arts college, which appears in the works of Bret Easton Ellis, Jill Eisenstadt, and Jonathan Lethem.
 Whereas Ellis' Camden College is located in New Hampshire, Lethem's Camden is in Vermont, and is notable for being the most expensive college in America.
 All three of the writers attended Bennington College, which is really located in Vermont, and was at one time notorious for being the most expensive college in America.
 Bennington graduate Donna Tartt uses the same Bennington-inspired backdrop for her 1992 novel "The Secret History", but for her it is "Hampden" College.
 However, Eisenstadt and Lethem uses 'Camden' in "From Rockaway" (1987) and "The Fortress of Solitude" (2003), respectively.
Airport is a 1970 American disaster-drama film starring Burt Lancaster and Dean Martin, directed and written by George Seaton, and based on Arthur Hailey's 1968 novel of the same name.
 It originated the 1970s disaster film genre.
 It is also the first in the "Airport" film series.
 Produced on a $10 million budget, it earned over $100 million.
"Should We Tell Him" is a song released in 1958 by The Everly Brothers.
 The song reached No. 10 on the "Billboard" survey of "Most Played C&W by Jockeys".
 As the B-side of "This Little Girl of Mine", the single reached No. 26 on the "Billboard" survey of "Best Sellers in Stores" and No. 4 on the "Billboard" survey of "C&W Best Sellers in Stores".
The WH Smith Literary Award was an award founded in 1959 by British high street retailer W H Smith.
 Its founding aim was stated to be to "encourage and bring international esteem to authors of the British Commonwealth"; originally open to all residents of the UK, the Commonwealth and the Republic of Ireland, it latterly admitted foreign works in translation and works by US authors.
 The final three winners were Americans (Philip Roth, Donna Tartt and Richard Powers), and 2005 was the award's final year.
The Departure is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Jamie Teachenor.
 It was released on February 28, 2012, by Rock Fiction Records.
 His debut single, "I Never Know," and his follow-up single, "Free Birds Have Cages," received airplay at both Rock and Country Radio, quickly becoming Amazon Best Sellers.
 Teachenor debuted, "Free Birds Have Cages," on season one, episode 3 of The Joey + Rory Show.
 His third single, "Burning," saw success internationally on College Rock and AAA radio.
 Two more tracks from "The Departure," "Coming Down" and "I Don't Wanna Think About That," also went on to become Amazon Best Sellers.
