Air 500 Limited was a Canadian airline.
 Founded in 1985 by Dennis Chadala, former Captain, director of marketing and assistant to Carl Millard, of the defunct Millardair.
 The company commenced operations with 1 Super Beech 18 Model E, registered C-FTAE that was purchased from Bradley First Air where it had retired from flying the dew line in Northern Canada.
 The Beech18 was originally purchased new by Timmins Aviation.
 The founder had extensive knowledge of the emergency freight business and the operation of DC3s, Super DCs and DC4 aircraft due to his position within the inner circle at Millardair.
 Dennis Chadala created Air 500 Limited on a shoe string, without financing and was the first airline to receive licensing and an operating certificate at Toronto's Pearson International Airport following deregulation of the aviation industry in Canada in 1985.
 The airline grew rapidly adding an aircraft at the pace of 1 every six months.
 By 1989 it had acquired almost all of the business flying ad hock charter out of Toronto for Chrysler, Ford, GM and many others formerly serviced by his former place of employment at Millardair.
 The young owner's extensive knowledge of this niche area of aviation enabled him to expand rapidly and capture that market segment.
 At the time, Air 500 was an exceptional success story operating 3 Super Beech 18 aircraft, 2 Cessna 310s, 1 DC3, 1 Super DC(C117), 1 Piper Cheyenne and 1 Mitsubishi MU2 Marquise.
 In the early nineties, the fleet continued to grow adding 2 more Mitsubishi MU2 aircraft, 2 Citation 500 business jets and 1 Citation 2 business jet.
 In 1995 the airport was privatized and came under the direction and control of the GTAA (Greater Toronto Airport Authority) and Dennis Chadala simultaneously acquired Hangar #7, the newest hangar facility at the north end of the Pearson Airport off Derry Road with 40 years remaining on the current land lease.
 Air 500 had contracts in the courier industry, Air Ambulance Services and Aircraft Management as well as a base of operations at the Esso Avitat in Ottawa where 2 Mitsubishi Marquise MU2 aircraft were stationed.
 One was flying an exclusive long term contract for Nordion (formerly Atomic Energy of Canada) flying radio active isotopes to numerous destinations in the United States for medical purposes as a well a designated charter aircraft.
 Hangar #7 was large enough to lease out one half the facility to Air 500 Limited and the other half to Execaire/Innotech Aviation and they remained tenants of the hangar owned by Dennis Chadala until November 1998, at which time Execaire/Innotech owned by the IMP Group out of Halifax Nova Scotia struct a deal with Dennis Chadala to purchase his hangar facility, all his aircraft and the operating airline Air 500 Limited.
 Dennis Chadala stayed on with the company during a short transition period that ended in February 1999.
 Air 500 was amalgamated into Execaire and became part of that operating group taking advantage of the synergies available to them.
Air charter is the business of renting an entire aircraft (i.e., chartering) as opposed to individual aircraft seats (i.e., purchasing a ticket through a traditional airline).
 While the airlines specialize in selling transportation by the seat, air charter companies focus on individual private aircraft and itineraries, urgent or time-sensitive cargo, air ambulance service, and other forms of "ad hoc" air transportation.
 Some air charters brokers have been given economic authority to sell seats on private jets with mixed success.
 Some air charter companies offer a large variety of aircraft, such as helicopters and business jets.
 Charter jet categories include turbo props, light jets, mid-size jets, super mid-size jets, heavy jets, long-range jets and VIP airliners.
EIAJ-1 was a standard for video tape recorders (VTRs) developed by the Electronic Industries Association of Japan with the cooperation and assistance of several Japanese electronics manufacturers in 1969.
 It was the first standardized format for industrial/non-broadcast VTRs using a Helical scan system employing open reel tape.
 Previously, each manufacturer of machines in this market used a different proprietary format, with differing tape speeds, scanner drum diameters, bias frequencies, tracking head placement, and so on, although most used 1/2" wide tape.
 As a result, video tapes recorded on one make and/or model of VTR could only be interchanged with other machines using that specific format, hampering compatibility.
 For example, a reel of tape recorded on a Panasonic machine would not play on a Sony machine, and vice versa.
 The EIAJ-1 standard ended this incompatibility, giving those manufacturers a standardized format, interchangeable with almost all VTRs subsequently brought to market around that time.
 The format offered black-and-white (and later colour) video recording and playback on 1/2" magnetic tape on a 7" diameter open reel, with portable units using smaller 5" diameter reels.
Qualstar Corporation (NASDAQ: QBAK ) is an American manufacturer of magnetic tape data storage products, based in Simi Valley, California.
 It was founded in 1984 as a 9 track tape drive manufacturer, and now makes tape library products.
 The company sold its last 9 track tape drive in 2006 and as of March 2006 has sold all remaining parts inventory to Vinastar, an aftermarket vendor.
Learjet is a Canadian owned, American manufacturer of business jets for civilian and military use based in Wichita, Kansas.
 Founded in the late 1950s by William Powell Lear as Swiss American Aviation Corporation, it has been a subsidiary of Canadian Bombardier Aerospace since 1990, which markets it as the "Bombardier Learjet Family".
William Powell "Bill" Lear (June 26, 1902 – May 14, 1978) was an American inventor and businessman.
 He is best known for founding the Lear Jet Corporation, a manufacturer of business jets.
 He also invented the battery eliminator for the B battery, and developed the 8-track cartridge, an audio tape system.
 Throughout his career of 46 years, Lear received over 120 patents.
The Cessna Citation is a market brand-name used by American manufacturer Cessna for its line of business jets. Rather than one particular model of aircraft, the name applies to several "families" of turbofan-powered aircraft that have been produced over the years.
 Within each of the six distinct families, aircraft design improvements, market pressures and re-branding efforts have resulted in a number of variants, so that the Citation lineage has become quite complex.
 Military variants include the T-47 and UC-35 series aircraft.
Beechcraft is a brand of Textron Aviation since 2014.
 Originally, it was a brand of Beech Aircraft Corporation, an American manufacturer of general aviation, commercial, and military aircraft, ranging from light single-engined aircraft to twin-engined turboprop transports, business jets, and military trainers.
 Beech later became a division of Raytheon and later Hawker Beechcraft before a bankruptcy sale turned its assets over to Textron (parent company of Beech's cross-town Wichita rival, Cessna Aircraft Company).
The TX-2 Tape System was a magnetic tape data storage technology from the late 1950s.
 It is the direct ancestor of LINCtape, used on the LINC laboratory computer.
The General Electric CJ610 is a non-afterburning turbojet engine derived from the military J85, and is used on a number of civilian business jets.
 The model has logged over 16.5 million hours of operation.
 Civilian versions have powered business jets such as the Learjet 23 and the Hamburger Flugzeugbau HFB-320 Hansa Jet.
 The engines are also used in the flyable Messerschmitt Me 262 reproductions built by the Me 262 Project in the United States.
