Gerrie is Dutch and Afrikaans unisex given name.
 It is a diminutive of Ger, itself short for Gerard.
 As a birth name in the Netherlands, it is primarily feminine, peaking in popularities around 1950, but the name is more common as a nickname for men with the birth name Gerard(us) or Gerrit.
Ronald Chesney (birth name René Cadier; born 1922) and Ronald Wolfe (birth name Harvey Ronald Wolf-Lubbroff; 8 August 1922 – 18 December 2011) were British TV comedy screenwriters, best known for their popular (and most successful) 1960s and 1970s sitcoms, "The Rag Trade" (1961–63, 1977–78), "Meet the Wife" (1963–66), "On the Buses" (1969–73) and Romany Jones (1972–75).
Meri Ladli (Urdu: میری لاڈلی‎ ) was 2012 Pakistani romantic drama serial, directed by Nadeem Siddique, written by Maha Malik and produced by A & B Entertainment.
 The drama aired on ARY Digital and has gained a large following globally and is critically acclaimed.
 It was received as one of the most watched TV serial with the highest TRP at that time.
Nadeem–Shravan (sometimes credited as Nadeem Shravan) are a music director duo in the Bollywood film industry of India.
 The duo derives its name from the first names of its two principals, Nadeem Akhtar Saifi (born 6 August 1954) and Shravan Kumar Rathod (born 13 November 1954).
Michael Carbajal (born September 17, 1967 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American five-time world boxing champion of Mexican descent.
 His nickname was "Little Hands Of Stone," after his favorite boxer,"Hands Of Stone" Roberto Durán.
Siddique was born in Bradford, Yorkshire, United Kingdom.
 He supports his local football team Bradford City and his favorite boxer is Sugar Ray Robinson.
Mental As Anything are an Australian new wave/pop-rock band that formed in Sydney in 1976.
 Its most popular line-up (which lasted from 1977-1999) was Martin Plaza (birth name Martin Murphy) on vocals and guitar; Reg Mombassa (birth name Chris O'Doherty) on lead guitar and vocals; his brother Peter "Yoga Dog" O'Doherty on bass guitar and vocals; Wayne de Lisle (birth name David Twohill) on drums; and Andrew "Greedy" Smith on vocals, keyboards and harmonica.
 Their original hit songs were generated by Mombassa, O'Doherty, Plaza and Smith, either individually or collectively; they also hit the Australian charts with covers of songs by Roy Orbison, Elvis Presley and Chuck Berry.
Stereolizza (before 2009 – Stereoliza), is an urban pop band, based in Los Angeles, California.
 The core of the group is "Lizza" (birth name – Kateryna Shalayeva) – lead singer and songwriter; and "AlecZero" (birth name - Oleksiy Ginchev) – songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist.
The California Birth Index (CABI) is a database compiled by the California Office of Health Information and Research.
 The index contains birth records of all registered births in California between 1905 and 1995.
 Each record is an abstract of a person's birth certificate, including date of birth, full name, county of birth, gender, and mother's maiden name.
 People who have been adopted are sometimes listed by their birth name, sometimes listed by their adopted name, sometimes by both and sometimes not listed at all.
 The CABI is considered a valuable genealogy tool but is also criticized for privacy issues.
 California began statewide civil registration of births on July 1, 1905.
 Earlier birth records may exist in the county where the birth took place or at the church where a baptism took place.
Elf is the first album by Ronnie James Dio's blues rock band called Elf.
 Produced by Ian Paice and Roger Glover of Deep Purple, the record was released in 1972.
 In this album, Dio is listed by his birth name Ronald Padavona.
 Though Dio had used "Padavona" for songwriting credits on earlier singles, Dio explained in an interview in 1994 that he used his birth name on this album as a tribute to his parents so that they could see their family name on an album at least once.
