As You Like It is a 1912 silent short film based on the play by William Shakespeare, "As You Like It".
 It was directed by J. Stuart Blackton, Charles Kent and or James Young and was produced by the Vitagraph Company.
 The film brings stage star Rose Coghlan to the screen for her motion picture debut and her costar is Maurice Costello.
 At 61 or 62 Coghlan is an older Rosalind than usual.
T2 or (Tenement 2) is a 2010 supernatural horror film produced and distributed by Star Cinema.
 The film stars Diamond Star Maricel Soriano.
 The movie was directed by Chito Rono, director of the critically acclaimed film "Sukob".
Ashley McCall Scott (born July 13, 1977) is an American actress and model, best known for her roles in the television series "Jericho", "Birds of Prey", and "Dark Angel".
 She also starred in the Lifetime movie "16 and Missing" and Walking Tall.
"Teen Wolf" is an American supernatural drama developed by Jeff Davis loosely based upon the 1985 film of the same name and a screenplay by Jeph Loeb & Matthew Weisman, which premiered on June 5, 2011 on MTV.
 The series stars Tyler Posey as Scott McCall, a teenager who transforms into a werewolf after being bitten by one.
Wag Kang Lilingon (English: Don't Turn Away; more specifically Don't Look Back) is a 2006 Filipino Supernatural horror film produced by Star Cinema and Viva Films starring Anne Curtis and Kristine Hermosa.
 The movie is directed by Jerry Lopez Sineneng and Quark Henares.
 This is the first movie produced by Viva Films and Star Cinema years after Viva split from ABS-CBN in 2001.
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV.
 It is loosely based on the 1985 film of the same name, and stars Tyler Posey as a teenager named Scott McCall, who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him, and Dylan O'Brien as "Stiles" Stilinski, Scott's best friend.
 The series has received generally positive reviews from critics and is a fan favorite on social media.
Kenny Roby is a North Carolina-based singer-songwriter.
 He's the former lead singer of 6 String Drag, which he formed with old friend bassist Rob Keller in the early 1990s and became one of the main bands of the era's so called Americana movement.
 The band's style ranged from old style country with a hint of soul and gospel to rock.
 While 6 String Drag broke up in the late 1990s, Roby continues to make records and play live shows with the Mercy Filter, which includes Scott McCall of $2 Pistols.
 In 2013 Roby released Memories & Birds which he described as "almost a concept album".
 In 2015, Roby reunited the original members of 6 String Drag and released Roots Rock 'N' Roll, of which Roby says "the songs kind of lent themselves to a 50’s and 60’s style."
"Teen Wolf" is an American television series that airs on MTV.
 The series premiered on Sunday, June 5, 2011, following the 2011 MTV Movie Awards.
 "Teen Wolf" is a supernatural drama series that follows Scott McCall (Tyler Posey), a high school student and social outcast who is bitten by a werewolf.
 He tries to maintain a normal life while hiding his secret and dealing with supernatural dangers that plague the town of Beacon Hills.
 He is aided by his best friend, Stiles Stilinski (Dylan O'Brien), and mysterious werewolf, Derek Hale (Tyler Hoechlin).
The mythology of the MTV supernatural action drama series "Teen Wolf" follows a teenager named Scott McCall (Tyler Posey), who is bitten by an Alpha werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him and Dylan O'Brien as "Stiles" Stilinski, Scott's best friend.
 Most mythological elements in Teen Wolf relate to supernatural creatures and draws heavily from Greek mythology, Norse mythology, Japanese mythology, Aztec mythology, Native American beliefs and Celtic herbalism.
 The show has created its own unique mythos centered around shapeshifters and their connections to one-another throughout the world.
Tyler Garcia Posey (October 18, 1991) is an American actor and musician, best known for his role as Scott McCall on the MTV television series "Teen Wolf" (2011–2017).
