Super Fight II was a non-title boxing match between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier.
 The second of the three Ali–Frazier bouts, it took place at Madison Square Garden in New York City on January 28, 1974.
 Ali was a slight favorite to win, and did by a unanimous decision.
Cassius Clay (soon Muhammad Ali) fought a ten-round boxing match with Don Warner in Miami on February 28, 1962.
 Clay won the fight through a technical knockout after the referee stopped the fight in the fourth round.Warner would later serve as a sparring partner for Joe Frazier.
The Thrilla in Manila was the third and final boxing match between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier.
 It was contested in 1975 for the heavyweight championship of the world at the Philippine Coliseum in Cubao, Quezon City, Philippines, on Wednesday, October 1.
 The venue was renamed from Araneta Coliseum, specifically for the match.
 Ali won by technical knockout (TKO) after Frazier's chief second, Eddie Futch, conceded the fight prior to the 15th round.
 The contest's name is derived from the frequent rhyming boast made by Ali that the fight would be a "killa and a thrilla and a chilla, when I get that gorilla in Manila."
The Fight of the Century (also known as The Fight) is the title boxing writers and historians have given to the boxing match between WBC/WBA heavyweight champion Joe Frazier (26–0, 23 KOs) and Ring magazine/lineal heavyweight champion
Joe Frazier's Gym was a training facility owned by American professional boxer, Joe Frazier.
 Frazier trained at the gym while preparing for his 1971 Fight of the Century against Muhammed Ali.

Robert Lloyd "Bob" Foster (December 15, 1938 – November 21, 2015) was an American professional boxer who fought as a light heavyweight and heavyweight.
 Known as "The Deputy Sheriff", Foster was one of the greatest light heavyweight champions in boxing history.
 He won the world light heavyweight title from Dick Tiger in 1968 via fourth-round knockout, and went on to defend his crown fourteen times in total from 1968 to 1974.
 Foster challenged heavyweight kings Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali during his career, but was knocked out by both fighters (the fight with Ali was not for a world heavyweight title, but for the regional NABF version).
Fight of the Century usually refers to the 1971 boxing match between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier.
George Louis Chuvalo, CM (born September 12, 1937) is a retired Canadian professional boxer who was a five-time Canadian heavyweight champion, and two-time world heavyweight title challenger.
 Chuvalo, who is considered by many to have one of the best chins in boxing history, was never knocked down in his amateur career or his 93-fight professional career and was ranked #4 on ESPN's greatest chin in boxing history list.
 Chuvalo lost to Hall of Fame heavyweights such as Floyd Patterson, Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier and George Foreman, but was credited for his spirited performances.
 He did defeat top contenders such as Yvon Durelle, Doug Jones, Jerry Quarry and Cleveland Williams.
 He fought for the world title twice, losing a controversial decision to Ernie Terrell and another decision in his first fight with Ali.
Ali is a 2001 American biographical sports drama film written, produced and directed by Michael Mann.
 The film focuses on ten years in the life of the boxer Muhammad Ali, played by Will Smith, from 1964 to 1974, featuring his capture of the heavyweight title from Sonny Liston, his conversion to Islam, criticism of the Vietnam War, and banishment from boxing, his return to fight Joe Frazier in 1971, and, finally, his reclaiming the title from George Foreman in the Rumble in the Jungle fight of 1974.
 It also touches on the great social and political upheaval in the United States following the assassinations of Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr.
Facing Ali is a 2002 book authored by Stephen Brunt; it is about fifteen different fighters from around the world who battled with Muhammad Ali in boxing fights.
 In each chapter of the book, one of the selected fighters recalls the experience of fighting with Ali.
 The profiled fighters include Ali's famous opponents like George Foreman, Joe Frazier, and Ken Norton; and also the relatively obscure like the German butcher Jurgen Blin who "was back at work at the sausage factory" after having fought with Ali the previous day.
 Other fighters profiled in the book include Tunney Hunsaker, Jean Pierre Coopman, Henry Cooper, Ron Lyle, Chuck Wepner, George Chuvalo and Larry Holmes.
