Elias Evan Markopoulos (born March 13, 1994), better known by his ring name Elia Markopoulos, and sometimes referred to as Evan, is a Greek-American professional wrestler from Hudson, Massachusetts.
 Elia wrestles on the independent circuit, mainly for Ohio Valley Wrestling in Louisville, Kentucky and formerly in the Northeast United States.
 Elia's most notable career achievement came at just 18 years old, when he was given an opportunity by TNA Wrestling to be a contestant on TNA Gut Check, in a match against Douglas Williams on the September 20, 2012, episode of "Impact Wrestling", making him the youngest person to ever appear on Impact television.
The TNA Television Championship was a professional wrestling championship owned by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) professional wrestling promotion.
 Being a professional wrestling championship, it is won via a scripted ending to a match or awarded to a wrestler because of a storyline.
 All title changes have occurred at TNA-promoted events thus far.
 Title changes that occur on TNA's television program "Impact Wrestling" (also known as "TNA Impact!"
 until May 3, 2011) usually air on tape delay and as such are listed with the day the tapings occurred, rather than the air date.
TNA Wrestling Impact!
 (styled "TNA Wrestling iMPACT!")
 is a mobile professional wrestling video game released by Namco in 2011.
 It is based on the professional wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
 Unlike "TNA Wrestling", the previous mobile game based on TNA, "TNA Wrestling Impact" features 3D graphics and is more action-oriented than its predecessor.
 The game was released for both iOS and Android devices on May 19, 2011.
 2D versions of the game for Java, BREW and BlackBerry devices have also been released.
 The game has received mixed reviews, with criticism directed at the game's presentation and controls.
Slammiversary IX was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), which took place on June 12, 2011 at the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando, Florida.
 It was the seventh Slammiversary event and celebrated the ninth anniversary of TNA Wrestling.
Robert Strauss (born October 1, 1983) is an American professional wrestler, he is best known for his time in Global Force Wrestling (formerly TNA) under the ring name Robbie E, he is a former two-time TNA World Tag Team Champion with Jessie Godderz, while also being a former one-time TNA Television Champion and TNA X Division Champion.
 He has also competed in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions under the ring name Rob Eckos, including Chaotic Wrestling, the East Coast Wrestling Association, Hardway Wrestling, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, the National Wrestling Alliance, Pro-Pain Pro Wrestling and Mikey Whipwreck's New York Wrestling Connection.
The GFW World Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling championship contested for in Impact Wrestling's tag team division.
 After the formation of TNA in June 2002, the company executives signed a contractual agreement with the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) that allowed them control of the NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships.
 TNA subsequently changed their name to NWA–TNA, making them an official member of the NWA in the process.
 In May 2007, the NWA ended their five-year partnership with TNA, and thus regained control of the NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships.
 As a result, TNA created the TNA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships, which were unveiled on TNA's online podcast "TNA Today" on the May 15 and May 17, 2007 editions.
 In the respective editions, the championships were awarded to the last NWA champions under TNA banner by Jeremy Borash and TNA's primary authority figure Jim Cornette.
 The championship was officially presented to the public and awarded to the first official champions, Team 3D (Brother Devon and Brother Ray), on May 17.
 The championship was renamed to its current name in March 2017 when the promotion adopted its current name.
TNA Wrestling is a 2008 video game for Verizon and iOS developed by Longtail Studios.
 It is based on the professional wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
 Unlike most other professional wrestling games, the gameplay in "TNA Wrestling" is based on turn-based strategy with role-playing elements.
 The game garnered largely positive reviews.
 It is no longer available for download on the iTunes Store and has been superseded by an unrelated game released by Namco Bandai called "TNA Wrestling Impact!
".
Ian Prindible (born June 22, 1976) is a Canadian professional wrestler.
 He was one half of the tag team known as the Texas Hell-Razors as Tyrant Eric Dawson with the Outlaw Scott Chase.
 The team was managed for over a year by TNA wrestling knockout Angelina Love, who was known at the time as Angel Williams.
 They also had a two-year feud with former WWE tag team the Highlanders on the Independent wrestling circuit all over the U.S. and Canada before Robbie and Rory went to the WWE.
Suicide is a professional wrestling persona, used by multiple professional wrestlers.
 Suicide first appeared as a fictional character from the video game "TNA Impact!
".
 In December 2008, the Suicide character was introduced on television as a real-life wrestler in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (now Impact Wrestling).
 Originally portrayed by Frankie Kazarian, Christopher Daniels held the role for a time in early 2009 and went on to win the X Division Championship.
 In June 2010, Kiyoshi became the third man to use the gimmick.
 In October 2010, the gimmick was dropped, but made a brief return in January 2011, once again being portrayed by Christopher Daniels, before being dropped once again in April 2011.
 Suicide returned to television in May 2013 portrayed by T.J. Perkins.
 Austin Aries wrestled under the Suicide gimmick for one day and won the TNA X Division Championship on the episode of "Impact Wrestling" which aired on June 27, 2013.
 Suicide was "revealed" to be TJ Perkins on the June 30, 2013, episode of "Impact Wrestling".
 His ring name was changed to "Manik", using a slightly altered version of the Suicide ring-gear, with new music.
 Perkins remains the only man to have wrestled under the Manik persona.
 The Suicide persona returned in July 2016 for TNA One Night Only X-Travaganza 2016, portrayed by Jonathan Gresham.
 In March 2017, Caleb Konley became the most recent wrestler behind the mask.
Destination X is an professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event held by Global Force Wrestling currently in the month of August .
 The event primarily revolves around the X-Division, the 2005, 2006, 2009 and 2010 events had Ultimate X matches.
 It was announced on TNA Wrestling's official website in January 2011 that Destination X was moving from March to July, switching places with TNA's traditional July PPV, Victory Road.
 On the June 21, 2012 edition of Impact, it was announced that every year the current X Division Champion will have an opportunity to give up their title for a shot at the TNA World Heavyweight Championship at Destination X. On January 11, 2013, TNA announced that in 2013 there would be only four PPVs, not including Destination X, although Destination X would be featured as a special episode of "Impact Wrestling" on July 18, 2013.
