La Salle University (LSU), formerly known as Immaculate Conception College-La Salle, is a member school of De La Salle Philippines located in Ozamiz City, Misamis Occidental, Philippines.
 It was formally opened in 1929 by the Society of Jesus in the Philippines.
 It was formally turned over to the De La Salle Brothers in the Philippines in 1994 and was granted university status in 2006 and was renamed La Salle University.
The University of the Philippines Cebu (Cebuano: "Unibersidad sa Pilipinas sa Sugbo" ; Filipino: "Unibersidad ng Pilipinas sa Cebu" ; also referred to as UPC or UP Cebu) is a public research university and the youngest constituent university of the University of the Philippines System located in Cebu City, the capital city of Cebu province in the Philippines.
 It was founded on May 3, 1918, ten years after the founding of UP in 1908.
 It is considered as the University's flagship campus in Central Visayas.
Notre Dame of Marbel University (locally known as NDMU) is a Catholic educational institution located in Koronadal City, South Cotabato, Philippines.
 It is run by the Marist Brothers or FMS (Fratres Maristae a Scholis), a Catholic religious order from France.
 It offers pre-school, elementary, high school, college and postgraduate courses.
 It is the first Marist university in the Philippines, and it houses the largest library in Mindanao, known as NDMU Library.
 NDMU is the only university in Koronadal City and it has been a member of the Notre Dame Educational Association, a group of Notre Dame Schools in the Philippines under the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary, also the Patroness of the University.
Libraries in the Philippines are academic libraries that can be found in the Philippines.
 Among such libraries are the National Library of the Philippines which is located in Manila, the university libraries of the University of the Philippines, the Central Philippine University, the Silliman University, the University of Santo Tomas, the University of the East, the Polytechnic University of the Philippines, Ateneo de Manila University, and the University of San Carlos.
 Research institutes such as the International Rice Research Institute located in Los Baños, Laguna houses a library.
 Some museums in the Philippines such as the Lopez Museum has its own library.
The NorthCap University, formerly ITM University, is an autonomous university situated in Sector 23-A, Gurugram, Haryana, India.
 It was founded in 1996 by Educate India Society, registered under the Registration of Societies Act of 1860 as an Engineering Institute, to provide education in Technical and Management.
 Formerly it was under Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak.
The University of the Philippines Diliman (also referred to as UPD, UP Diliman, or simply UP) is a coeducational, research state university located in Diliman, Quezon City, Philippines.
 It was established on February 12, 1949 as the flagship campus and seat of administration of the University of the Philippines System, the national university of the Philippines.
 UP Diliman is the fourth oldest constituent university of UP.
Sampaloc is one of the city districts that comprise Manila, Philippines.
 It is known as Metropolitan Manila's "University Belt", after the clusters of prominent higher educational institutions located there.
 Among the universities in Sampaloc are the University of Santo Tomas (1611, moved to Sampaloc in 1927), a by-product of the 333-year Hispanic colonization of the Philippines; National University (Philippines) (1900), as the first private nonsectarian and coeducational institution in the Philippines and also, the first university to use English as its medium of instruction, replacing Spanish language; Far Eastern University (1928), known for its Art Deco campus awarded as a cultural heritage site of the Philippines; and University of the East (1946), once dubbed as the largest university in Asia in terms of enrollment.
 The district is bordered by Quiapo and San Miguel districts in the south, Santa Mesa district in the south and east, Santa Cruz district in the west and north, and Quezon City in the northeast.
Dr Sati Shankar Singh is currently Director, ICAR-Agricultural Technology Application Research Institute, Kolkata.
 He was born in 1959 in Gonda U.P.
 He is B.Sc.
 (Ag) from CSAUAT Kanpur U.P. and M.Sc.
 (Ag) & Ph.D. (Agronomy) from NDUAT Faizabad U.P. Dr. Singh was Junior Scientist-cum-Assistant Professor in Rajendra Agriculture University, Pusa, Bihar from 1986 to 1998.
 He has started his services in ICAR as senior scientist in 1998 and also worked in RWC/CIMMYT from 2004-2006.
 Dr. Singh underwent advance trainings in ICAR Rothamsted, University of Reading, University of East Angelia in U.K.; Cornel University, US, CIMMYT Mexico and IRRI Philippines.
 He did PG teaching for six years and guided four M.Sc.
 Ag and three Ph.D. students.
 He was Head, Division of Crop Research at ICAR RCER, Patna (Bihar) from April 2009 to December 2014.
 He was also Head, Crop Production at ICAR-IIPR, Kanpur from January 2014 to April 2017.
 Dr. S.S. Singh has handled 15 externally funded projects on Natural Resource Management, Crop Management, Livelihood Development and Crop Improvement funded by DFID, IFAD, USAID, BMGF, IRRI, CIMMYT, Ford Foundation and European Union.
 He has experience of 28 years working in Eastern India including in 2 years in Koraput, Odisha and 2 years CIMMYT works in West Bengal.
 He has worked in most of the Agricultural Extension projects like Master Trainer in Training and Visit, Lab to Land, Operational Research Project, TAR-IVLP, FLDs, OFTs, Farming System Research Extension and NAIP III (IFS for livelihood Improvement in disadvantaged districts).
 He has worked with KVKs in Bihar and U.P. under different externally funded projects.
 Dr. Singh has worked mainly on conservation agriculture, enhancing the input use efficiency and productivity of rice-wheat system, Integrated Farming Systems, climate resilient agriculture and pulses management in rice fallows.
 His works on resource conservation technologies and integrated farming systems have been adopted by state government in eastern India.
 He has published 110 Research Papers, 5 books, 21 Book Chapters, 14 Technical Bulletins, 125 Papers in Proceedings/symposium/seminar, 50 Popular Articles and 40 Extension Folders.
 He had visited USA, UK, Australia, Mexico, Thailand, Philippines, Bangladesh and Nepal.
 He is recipient of Senior Research Fellowship of ICAR, Excellent Team Research Award of ICAR, FAI Award, Fellow of Indian Society of Agronomy and Rajeev Gandhi Gyan Vigyan Award by Ministry of Home Affairs, Govt.
 Of India.
The University of the Philippines Manila is the country's center of excellence in the health sciences, including health professional education, training, and research.
 The university located in Ermita, Manila, Philippines.
 Originally established on December 1, 1905 as the Philippine Medical School and later called as the UP College of Medicine and Surgery on June 10, 1907.
 It was renamed as University of the Philippines Manila in 1983.
 It is the oldest of the seven constituent universities of the University of the Philippines System, predating the founding of UP by three years.
The University Avenue MRT Station is a proposed station on the Manila MRT-7 in Metro Manila, Philippines.
 The station will be located along Commonwealth Avenue in U.P. Village, Diliman, Quezon City.
 The station is proximate to the University Avenue, the main thoroughfare to the University of the Philippines Diliman campus.
 The system has a proposed spur line to connect itself to the Manila LRT Line 2 in Katipunan, passing through the University of the Philippines Diliman and Katipunan Avenue.
