"The Dark Side of the Mind" is a science fiction/drama short film by Giacomo Mantovani.
 It was created in July 2012 and entered into the Virgin Media Shorts competition.
 The film uses a variety of differing genre styles to demonstrate the internal conflicts of the human race.
 It centres on two characters, Duncan and Gunda, who, through unexplained means, have concocted a piece of technology capable of wiping out the entire human race.
 How they created the weapon is not the focus of this film; instead it examines the ever-present duality of humankind.
 Computer generated imagery begins and ends the film.
Humani generis unitas (Latin; English translation: On the Unity of the Human Race) was a draft for an encyclical planned by Pope Pius XI before his death on February 10, 1939.
 The draft text condemned antisemitism, racism and the persecution of Jews.
 Because it was never issued, it is sometimes referred to as "The Hidden Encyclical" or "The Lost Encyclical."
 "Humani generis unitas" was written by three Jesuits under the leadership of John LaFarge.
 The draft text remained secret until published in 1995 in France (by Passelecq and Suchecky under the title "L’Encyclique Cachée de Pie XI") and in 1997 in English as "The Hidden Encyclical of Pius XI."
Falling in Love With Hominids is a collection of short stories by Nalo Hopkinson.
 One of the stories in this collection, "Flying Lessons" is a new story, while other stories had been written and published in the decade proceeding publication of the collection.
 In the introduction to the collection, Hopkinson explains the double meaning behind its title.
 Partially derived from a phrase written by science fiction author Cordwainer Smith, "falling in love with hominids" also describes her own feelings about the human race.
 When she was younger, Hopkinson writes that she hated human beings, but has grown to love and be fascinated by the human race over the intervening years.
 The paradox of people who are "capable simultaneously of such great good and such horrifying evil" runs throughout the stories brought together in the collection.
Forbidden Archeology: The Hidden History of the Human Race is a 1993 book by Michael A. Cremo and Richard L. Thompson, written in association with the Bhaktivedanta Institute of ISKCON.
 Cremo states that the book has "over 900 pages of well-documented evidence suggesting that modern man did not evolve from ape man, but instead has co-existed with apes for millions of years!"
, and that the scientific establishment has suppressed the fossil evidence of extreme human antiquity.
 Cremo identifies as a "Vedic archeologist", since he believes his findings support the story of humanity described in the Vedas.
 Cremo's work has garnered interest from Hindu creationists, paranormalists, and theosophists.
 He says a knowledge filter (confirmation bias) is the cause of this suppression.
The Human Race Machine (HRM) is a computerized console composed of four different programs.
 The Human Race Machine program allows participants to see themselves with the facial characteristics of six different races: Asian, White, African, Middle Eastern, and Indian, mapped onto their own face.
 The Age Machine allows viewers see an aged version of his or her face.
 A version of this methodology has been used for over twenty years by the FBI and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to help locate kidnap victims and missing children.
 The Couples Machine combines photographs of two people in different percentages to show the appearance of their child.
 The Anomaly Machine lets viewers see themselves with facial anomalies.
 The HRM was created by artist Nancy Burson and David Kramlich; it uses morphing technology.
 It was shown on Oprah on 2006-02-16.
Gilgamesh the immortal is an Argentine comic book created by Lucho Olivera and published by Editorial Columba.
 It is freely based in the famous "Epic of Gilgamesh", and features Gilgamesh as an ancient king that met an alien who turned him into immortal by using his advanced technology.
 The story of the character spans from that point to the death of the human race during an atomic holocaust, a space journey, the establishment of the human race on another planet and his eventual return to earth.
 The comic book was first published in 1969.
For All the People: Uncovering the Hidden History of Cooperation, Cooperative Movements, and Communalism in America is a non-fiction book by John Curl which "methodically and authoritatively traces the hidden history of cooperatives, cooperation and communalism in US history."
 "Cooperation, not competition, resounded as the dominant chord across the continent," Curl writes.
 Cooperatives were widespread throughout American history, with workers uniting cooperatively in a wide range of industries.
Richard Leslie Thompson, also known as Sadaputa Dasa (February 4, 1947 – September 18, 2008), was an American mathematician, author and Gaudiya Vaishnava religious figure, known principally for his promotion of Vedic creationism and as the co-author (with Michael Cremo) of "Forbidden Archeology: The Hidden History of the Human Race" (1993), which has been widely criticised by the scientific community.
 Thompson also published several books and articles on religion and science, Hindu cosmology and astronomy.
 He was a member of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (popularly known as the "Hare Krishna movement" or "ISKCON") and a founding member of the Bhaktivedanta Institute, the branch of ISKCON dedicated to examining the relationship of modern scientific theories to the Vaishnava worldview.
 In the 'science and religion' community he was known for his articulation of ISKCON's view of science.
 Danish historian of religion Mikael Rothstein described Thompson as "the single dominating writer on science" in ISKCON whom ISKCON has chosen to "cover the field of science more or less on his own".
 C. Mackenzie Brown, professor of religion at Trinity University, San Antonio, Texas, described him as "the leading figure" in ISKCON's critique of modern science.
Shinzo, known as Mushrambo (マシュランボー , "Mashuranbō" ) in Japan, is an anime television series produced by Toei Animation.
 In the series, genetically-altered creatures known as Enterrans take over Earth and rename it in their own image called Enterra.
 Now three Enterrans have to protect the last human in order to find the hidden sanctuary called Shinzo and restore the human race.
 The anime focuses primarily on the adventures they undergo while working to accomplish this task.
Watling Street: Travels Through Britain and Its Ever-Present Past is the fifth book by the British journalist, novelist and cultural historian John Higgs.
 The book charts Higgs's journey along Watling Street, one of the oldest roads in Britain, from Dover to Anglesey, during which journey he records the so-called hidden history of this ancient path from its first creation up to the present day.
 As well as recording the historical figures and their stories surrounding the road, Higgs also meets up with and interviews contemporary figures along the way such as Alan Moore.
 The author describes the history of the road as, "Watling Street is a road of witches and ghosts, of queens and highwaymen, of history and myth, of Chaucer, Dickens and James Bond.
 Along this route Boudicca met her end, the battle of Bosworth changed royal history, Bletchley Park code breakers cracked Nazi transmissions and Capability Brown remodelled the English landscape.
