Daniel is an anonymous Old English poem based loosely on the Biblical Book of Daniel, found in the Junius Manuscript.
 The author and the date of "Daniel" are unknown.
 Critics have argued that Cædmon is the author of the poem, but this theory has been since disproved.
 "Daniel", as it is preserved, is 764 lines long.
 There have been numerous arguments that there was originally more to this poem than survives today.
 The majority of scholars, however, dismiss these arguments with the evidence that the text finishes at the bottom of a page, and that there is a simple point, which translators assume indicates the end of a complete sentence.
 "Daniel" contains a plethora of lines which Old English scholars refer to as “hypermetric” or long.
 Daniel is one of the four major Old Testament prophets, along with Isaiah, Jeremiah, and Ezekiel.
 The poet even changed the meaning of the story from remaining faithful while you are being persecuted to a story dealing with pride, which is a very common theme in Old English Literature.
 The Old English, Daniel is a warning against pride and there are three warnings in the story.
 The Israelites were conquered because they lost faith in God, who delivered them from Egypt, and started worshiping idols and this is the first prideful act.
 The second and third warnings are about internal pride, shown to Nebuchadnezzar through Daniel's dream interpretations.
The Five Boroughs or The Five Boroughs of the Danelaw (Old Norse: "Fimm Borginn") were the five main towns of Danish Mercia (what is now the East Midlands).
 These were Derby, Leicester, Lincoln, Nottingham and Stamford.
 The first four would later become county towns.
Helen Damico is a scholar of Old English and Old English literature.
 She received her Ph.D. from New York University in 1980, and is a professor emerita at the University of New Mexico, where she began teaching in 1981 and founded the Institute for Medieval Studies.
 The author of "Beowulf's Wealhtheow and the Valkyrie Tradition", Damico has made important contributions to the study of women in Old English and Old Norse literature, and her work on Wealhþeow is frequently cited.
 She saw representations of the valkyrie in both Wealhþeow and Grendel's Mother Damico sees in the Old English poem "Beowulf" (c. 700–1000 AD).
"Rouge Bouquet" or "The Wood Called Rouge Bouquet" is a lyric poem written in 1918 by American poet, essayist, critic and soldier Joyce Kilmer (1886-1918).
 The poem commemorates during an intense German artillery bombardment of an American trench position in the Rouge Bouquet wood near the French village of Baccarat on 7 March 1918 that resulted in the loss of 19 American soldiers with the 165th Infantry Division.
 Kilmer was a sergeant in the New York National Guard's "The Fighting 69th Regiment" which was part of the 165th Infantry Regiment involved in the attack.
 Kilmer composed the poem immediately after the bombardment, and it was first read over their graves in March 1918.
 The poem was first published two weeks after Kilmer's death in battle on 30 July 1918 during the Second Battle of the Marne in the 16 August 1918 issue of "Stars and Stripes".
 The poem was read over Kilmer's own grave when he was interred in France.
 To this day, it is a tradition of the Fighting 69th to read the poem at memorial services for fallen members of the regiment.
Widsith is an Old English poem of 143 lines.
 The poem survives only in the Exeter Book, a manuscript of Old English poetry compiled in the late 10th century containing approximately one sixth of all surviving Old English poetry.
 Widsith is located between the poems "Vainglory" and "The Fortunes of Men".
 Since the donation of the Exeter Book in 1076, it has been housed in Exeter Cathedral in southwest England.
 The poem is for the most part a survey of the people, kings, and heroes of Europe in the Heroic Age of Northern Europe: see Tribes of Widsith.
Cædmon's "Hymn" is a short Old English poem originally composed by Cædmon, an illiterate cow-herder who was able to sing in honour of God the Creator, using words that he had never heard before.
 It was composed between 658 and 680 and is the oldest recorded Old English poem, being composed within living memory of the Christianization of Anglo-Saxon England.
 It is also one of the oldest surviving samples of Germanic alliterative verse.
The Seafarer is an Old English poem giving a first-person account of a man alone on the sea.
 The poem consists of 124 lines, followed by the single word "Amen" and is recorded only at folios 81 verso - 83 recto of the Exeter Book, one of the four surviving manuscripts of Old English poetry.
 It has most often, though not always, been categorised as an elegy, a poetic genre commonly assigned to a particular group of Old English poems.
Halfdan (Old Norse: "Halfdan" , Old English: "Healfdene" , Medieval , Proto-Norse: "*Halbadaniz", "half Dane") was a late 5th and early 6th century legendary Danish king of the Scylding (Skjöldung) lineage, the son of king named Fróði in many accounts, noted mainly as the father to the two kings who succeeded him in the rule of Denmark, kings named Hroðgar and Halga in the Old English poem "Beowulf" and named Hróar and Helgi in Old Norse accounts.
The Battle of Brunanburh is an Old English poem.
 It is preserved in the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", a historical record of events in Anglo-Saxon England which was kept from the late ninth to the mid-twelfth century.
 The poem records the Battle of Brunanburh, a battle fought in 937 between an English army and a combined army of Scots, Vikings, and Britons.
 The battle resulted in an English victory, celebrated by the poem in style and language like that of traditional Old English battle poetry.
 The poem is notable because of those traditional elements and has been praised for its authentic tone, but it is also remarkable for its fiercely nationalistic tone, which documents the development of a unified England ruled by the House of Wessex.
Sellic Spell (] , an Old English phrase meaning "wondrous tale" and taken from the poem "Beowulf") is a short prose text available in Modern and Old English redactions, written by J.R.R. Tolkien in a creative attempt to reconstruct the folktale underlying the narrative in the first two thousand lines of the Old English poem "Beowulf".
 Among other things, it seeks to clarify and integrate a number of narrative strands in the Anglo-Saxon poem.
 The resulting text is a loose variant of the "Skilful Companions" type of folktale, in which each of several characters (two or three in Tolkien's text, depending on the redaction) has a valuable but specific skill.
 Unlike in folktales of that type, however, the skills of Tolkien's characters do not supplement each other in the resolution of the narrative problem.
 Tolkien's recasting of the material also incorporates the sluggish youth motif and the abandonment of the hero at the waterfall, both elements found in the analogous Old Icelandic "Grettis saga".
 The suggestion that a waterfall like that of "Grettis saga" was part of the original setting of the pool of monsters in "Beowulf" was made by W.W. Lawrence in 1912.
