"I'm Losing You" is a song written by John Lennon and released on his 1980 album "Double Fantasy".
 It was completed in Bermuda in June 1980, after Lennon failed at an attempted telephone call to Yoko Ono.
 The song is also available on the 1982 compilation "The John Lennon Collection", the 1998 boxset "John Lennon Anthology", the one disc compilation "Wonsaponatime", the 2005 two disc compilation "" and in 2010 for the "Gimme Some Truth" album.
 The song was also featured in the 2005 musical "Lennon".
Inside My Head is a two disc compilation album by Richard Marx, his tenth overall.
 It consists of songs from previous albums Emotional Remains and Sundown, new recordings of some of his biggest hits, as well as new material.
 The album features four new never before released songs: "Wouldn't Let Me Love You," "Like Heaven," "All Over Me," and "Scars."
 "Wouldn't Let You Love Me" was released May 21, 2012 as the lead single.
 The album itself was released June 1, 2012, exclusively in Europe.
The Platinum Collection is a two disc compilation album of recordings by Blondie released by EMI/Chrysalis in 1994.
 The forty-seven track compilation contains the A- and B-sides of all singles issued by the band in the U.S. and the UK between the years 1976 and 1982 in chronological order, five demo recordings made before the release of their debut album including an alternative version of "Heart of Glass", as well as two 1994 dance remixes of their hits "Atomic" and "Rapture".
Hits & Ballads is a double disc compilation album released by Richard Marx exclusively in Taiwan, featuring several songs spanning his career, a few new songs, and one cover.
 It is his ninth overall compilation album, and second double disc compilation album.
Faces is the debut solo album released by Savatage guitarist Chris Caffery in 2005.
 The album was released in a double CD edition, but other editions exist, including a one disc, two disc digipak, and two disc digipak with bonus tracks.
Solos and Duets is a two disc compilation album of previously released recordings from Stash Records by the father and son pair Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli.
 The entire release was riddled with mistakes, such as how disc one is actually disc two and vice versa.
The Essential "Weird Al" Yankovic is a two disc compilation album by "Weird Al" Yankovic.
 A limited edition "3.0" version of the album has a third disc.
 It is published by Sony Music's Legacy Recordings as part of their "The Essential" series.
 Yankovic selected the songs for inclusion on the album after seeking fan feedback for the choice between one of two polkas.
Out of the Dark is a two disc compilation album from Nuclear Blast Records to commemorate their 20 years as a record label.
 Produced by Peter Wichers, who is also the only songwriter on the album, it features a variable collection of ""All Stars"" much in the same vein as Roadrunner United.
 The album includes 11 different singers, with Wichers playing bass and guitar, and drums by Dirk Verbeuren and Henry Ranta.
 It also includes a second disc which includes 10 songs from thrash metal, death metal and black metal bands signed to Nuclear Blast.
 While its "twin" album focuses more on the power metal side of the label, "Out of the Dark" is rather devoted to the genre of melodic death metal.
Ampology is a two disc compilation album by Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus, spanning their entire career from their first single, "Leilani" (October 1982) through to "Real Deal" (1997).
 At the time of its release Hoodoo Gurus had been disbanded for two years.
 Lead vocalist, guitarist and chief songwriter Dave Faulkner discusses each track in his June 2000 article "Pop and punishment".
Land is a two disc compilation album by Patti Smith, released on March 19, 2002, on Arista Records.
 "Land" contains a collection of recordings from her eight previous albums on the first disc, along with B-sides and unreleased songs on the second disc.
 The album ranked number eight in "Mojo"'s "Best Box Sets & Compilations of 2002".
 It is dedicated to the memory of Richard Sohl.
