The M180 is a short but major (25 mi ) motorway in England from junction 5 on the M18 motorway in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster to a point close to Humberside Airport some 10 mi from the port of Immingham and 14 mi from the port of Grimsby and the east coast and provides access for major routes to Cleethorpes, Grimsby, Hull (via the Humber Bridge), Immingham, Lincoln, Scunthorpe, Humberside Airport and the Killingholme Oil Refineries; Humber Oil Refinery and Lindsey Oil Refinery.
 The road forms part of the unsigned Euroroute E22 and is the main route along the south bank of the Humber Estuary.
 At 25 miles long it is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom to carry a three digit number.
The Kingdom of Northumbria ( ; Old English: "Norþhymbra rīce" , "kingdom of the Northumbrians") was a medieval Anglian kingdom in what is now northern England and south-east Scotland, which subsequently became an earldom in a unified English kingdom.
 The name reflects the approximate southern limit to the kingdom's territory, the Humber estuary.
The Essex dialect is a rapidly disappearing dialect similar to some forms of East Anglian English and is now mainly confined to the north and the east of Essex.
 It shares vast similarities with both Suffolk and Norfolk dialects, with its own peculiarities.
 With rapid urbanisation in the twentieth century as well as the impact of the London overspill, Estuary English, a milder form of the London accent predominant largely along the Thames Estuary and thus the name, has become common, mainly in the southern portion of the county.
 As a result of the growing London influence, the usage of rural accents everywhere and the rural Essex dialect is now normally, but not always, confined to older generations in some of the areas affected and the dialect itself stands in a vulnerable state in those affected parts of the county.
 Elsewhere in Essex, the dialect and rural accent continues.
Northumbrian was a dialect of Old English spoken in the Anglian Kingdom of Northumbria.
 Together with Mercian, Kentish and West Saxon, it forms one of the sub-categories of Old English devised and employed by modern scholars.
The Cumbrian dialect is a local Northern English dialect in decline, spoken in Cumbria (including historic Cumberland and Westmorland) and surrounding northern England, not to be confused with the area's extinct Celtic language, Cumbric.
 Most of the parts of Cumbria have a more North-East English sound to them.
 Whilst clearly being a Northern English accent, it shares much vocabulary with Scots.
 A "Cumbrian Dictionary of Dialect, Tradition and Folklore" by William Rollinson exists, as well a more contemporary and lighthearted "Cumbrian Dictionary and Phrase Book".
Humberside was a non-metropolitan and ceremonial county in Northern England from 1 April 1974 until 1 April 1996.
 It was composed of land from either side of the Humber Estuary, created from portions of East Riding of Yorkshire, West Riding of Yorkshire, and the district of Lindsey, Lincolnshire.
 The county council's headquarters was County Hall at Beverley, inherited from the East Riding, and its largest settlement and only city was Kingston upon Hull.
 The county stretched from Wold Newton in its northern tip to a different Wold Newton at its most southern point.
 The county still has a limited existence in the form of the Hull and Humber Ports city region.
The Humber Forts are two large fortifications in the mouth of the Humber estuary in northern England: Haile Sand Fort ( ) and Bull Sand Fort ( ).
The Humber Warhawks are a British American football team based in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire who play in the BAFA NFC South 2.
 The club represent the counties of East Yorkshire and North East Lincolnshire by taking their name from the Humber Estuary that flows between the two counties and the Humber Bridge which connects them.
 The club were formed in 2014 when the Kingston Warhawks merged with fellow associate team the Grimsby Scorpions.
 They were later granted official BAFA status and debuted in the 2015 season.
South Ferriby is a village in North Lincolnshire, England.
 It is situated on the south bank of the Humber Estuary and 3 mi west from the Humber Bridge.
 North Ferriby is directly opposite on the Estuary’s north bank.
 Village population was 651 in 2011.
The Humberhead Levels is a national character area covering a large expanse of flat, low-lying land towards the western end of the Humber estuary in northern England.
 The levels occupy the former Glacial Lake Humber, an area bounded to the east by the Yorkshire Wolds and the northern Lincolnshire Edge, a limestone escarpment, and to the west by the southern part of the Yorkshire magnesian limestone ridge.
 In the north the levels merge into the slightly more undulating Vale of York close to the Escrick glacial moraine, and to the south merge into the Trent Vale.
