Immanuel Lutheran School is located in Perryville, Missouri.
 It is a private school that serves 211 students in grades PK and K-8.
 Immanuel Lutheran School is coed and is affiliated with the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod.
Immanuel Lutheran School was founded in 1855 and is one of the oldest continually operating elementary schools in the state of Wisconsin.
Evergreen Lutheran High School (commonly shortened to "Evergreen") is a private secondary school owned and operated by the Pacific Northwest Lutheran High School Association.
 It is affiliated with the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod and Evangelical Lutheran Synod (WELS and ELS), and is located in Tacoma, Washington.
 Evergreen Lutheran High School is supported by The Evergreen Lutheran School System (TELSS) which comprises Evangelical Lutheran Synod (ELS) and Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod (WELS) churches and primary schools in the Puget Sound and Pacific Northwest area.
 The school is "committed to offering a quality, Christ-centered education which prepares God's children to serve him now and forever."
 The school's mascot is the Eagle, and the sports teams are referred to as the Evergreen Eagles.
 The school is traditionally attended by teen members of area WELS churches, as well as a large number of international students from South Korea, China, Hong Kong, India, and Japan.
Immanuel Church or Immanuel Lutheran Church, Immanuel Evangelical Church, or Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church may refer to:
Immanuel Lutheran Church is a congregation of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, located in Hodgkins, Illinois.
 The congregation was organized on December 31, 1911.
 Immanuel is an LCMS member, located in the Northern Illinois District in Circuit 19.
 As of 2006, Immanuel reported having 152 baptized members, and 122 confirmed members.
 Rev. Adam A. Dietrich was the interim pastor from 1976 through 2011.
 Rev. Walter D. Otten, formerly of St. Paul's Brookfield, IL, accepted a call Immanuel and was installed on December 4, 2011.
 Rev. Otten served until June 30, 2013, when he retired.
 In January 2014, the Rev. Eric N. Andersen was installed as Pastor.
Trinity Lutheran School is a Lutheran school in Orlando, Florida caring for children from infancy through 8th grade.
 The school is a ministry of Trinity Lutheran Church and has served the community in Downtown Orlando since 1953.
 Trinity Lutheran School is a fully accredited school as recognized by the National Lutheran School Accreditation of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod.
 and Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
Christ Community Lutheran School or "CCLS" is a private, Lutheran school serving approximately 620 students ages 6 weeks–8th grade in the St. Louis area.
 Four campuses comprise Christ Community Lutheran School in the Crestwood, Glendale, Kirkwood, and Webster Groves areas.
 CCLS was named a 2009 Nationally Recognized Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education.
 In 2014, CCLS was recognized as an Accredited Exemplary School by the National Lutheran School Accreditation Commission.
Lincoln Lutheran is a private middle school and high school in Lincoln, Nebraska, United States, operated by the Lincoln Lutheran School Association, which is composed of seven Lutheran congregations in the Lincoln area.
 It is accredited by the Nebraska Department of Education (NDE), National Lutheran School Accreditation, and AdvancedED.
 It is also affiliated with the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS).
The Gutnius Lutheran Church, formerly the Wabag Lutheran Church, is a Lutheran body existing in Papua New Guinea.
 "Gutnius" means "Good News" in Tok Pisin.
 It was established by the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod in 1948, shortly after the Australian administration of the Territory of Papua and New Guinea permitted missionary activity to spread into the western highlands.
 The church counts 125.000 parishioners, largely confined to Enga Province in the western highlands.
 It operates Immanuel Lutheran Hospital and St. Paul's Lutheran Secondary School (Pausa) at Wapenamanda, Enga Province.
 The church has other health and educational institutions as well.
The congregation of Immanuel Lutheran Church in Valparaiso, Indiana was founded in 1862 by 45 German families.
 The church building was erected in 1891 by Henry Lemster and his son Charles.
 A fire gutted the building in 1975, marks of which can still be seen on the altar and pews.
 The Immanuel Lutheran congregation moved to a new site on Glendale Boulevard, while 60 members formed a new congregation named Heritage Lutheran Church and restored the historic building.
