The Bureau of Surrealist Research, also known as the "Centrale Surréaliste" or "Bureau of Surrealist Enquiries" was a Paris-based office in which a loosely affiliated group of Surrealist writers and artists gathered to meet, hold discussions, and conduct interviews in order to "gather all the information possible related to forms that might express the unconscious activity of the mind."
 Located at 15 Rue de Grenelle, it opened on October 11, 1924 under the direction of Antonin Artaud, just four days before the publication of the first "Surrealist Manifesto" by André Breton.
Jet of Blood (Jet de Sang), also known as Spurt of Blood, is an extremely short play by the French theatre practitioner, Antonin Artaud, who was also the founder of the "Theatre of Cruelty" movement.
 "Jet of Blood" was completed in Paris, on January 17, 1925, perhaps in its entirety on that day alone.
 The original title was "Jet de Sang ou la Boule de Verre", but the second half of the title was dropped prior to the first publication and production of the work.
Sami Frey (born Samuel Frei on 13 October 1937) is a French actor of Polish Jewish descent.
 Among the films he starred in are "En compagnie d'Antonin Artaud" (1993), in which he portrays French poet and playwright Antonin Artaud, and "Bande à part" (1964) by Jean-Luc Godard.
Antoine Marie Joseph Artaud, better known as Antonin Artaud (] ; 4 September 1896 – 4 March 1948), was a French dramatist, poet, essayist, actor, and theatre director, widely recognized as one of the major figures of twentieth-century theatre and the European avant-garde.
Music and Its Double is an album composed by John Zorn and featuring three contemporary compositions which were recorded in New York City in 2011 and Finland in 2012 and released on the Tzadik label in October 2012.
 The first track dedicated to composer György Ligeti, "À Rebours", was recorded at the Miller Theatre by cellist Fred Sherry and ensemble conducted by Brad Lubman.
 The four movements of "Ceremonial Magic" are 2011 studio recordings by David Fulmer and Kenny Wollesen and the final composition, "La Machine De L'Être" inspired by Antonin Artaud, was recorded by the Lahti Symphony Orchestra in 2012.
The Theatre of Cruelty (French: "Théâtre de la Cruauté" ) is a form of theatre developed by avant-garde playwright, actor, essayist, and theorist, Antonin Artaud, in "The Theatre and its Double".
 Originally a member of the surrealist movement, Artaud eventually began to develop his own theatrical theories.
 The Theatre of Cruelty can be seen as break with traditional Western theatre, and a means by which artists assault the senses of the audience, and allow them to feel the unexpressed emotions of the subconscious.
 While Artaud was only able to produce one play in his lifetime that reflected the tenets of the Theatre of Cruelty, the works of many theatre artists reflect his theories.
 These artists include Jean Genet, Jerzy Grotowski, and Peter Brook.
Helen Weaver (born 1931, Madison, Wisconsin) is an American writer and translator.
 She has translated over fifty books from French.
 "Antonin Artaud: Selected Writings" was a Finalist for the National Book Award in translation in 1977.
My Life and Times with Antonin Artaud (French: "En compagnie d'Antonin Artaud" ) is a 1993 French film, directed by Gérard Mordillat.
 It is based on Jacques Prevel's 1974 novel of the same name.
 It follows Prevel's journal of a two-year friendship with Antonin Artaud until his death in 1948
Cabine C (] , Portuguese for "Cabin C") was a short-lived Brazilian post-punk band from São Paulo.
 With their sonority inspired by acts such as Siouxsie and the Banshees, The Cure, Cocteau Twins and Talking Heads, and vocalist Ciro Pessoa's lyrics influenced by Romantic and Symbolist poets such as Edgar Allan Poe, Charles Baudelaire and Arthur Rimbaud, and by playwright Antonin Artaud, they are considered to be one of the first and most famous Brazilian gothic rock bands (even though Pessoa publicly rejected any associations with the goth subculture at the time), as well as forerunners of the cold wave movement in Brazil.
The prix Antonin Artaud was a French literary prize created by Jean Digot and a few poets on 24 May 1951 in Rodez, in memory of Antonin Artaud, and was awarded for the last time in 2008.
