Field of Dreams is a 1989 American fantasy-drama sports film directed by Phil Alden Robinson, who also wrote the screenplay, adapting W. P. Kinsella's novel "Shoeless Joe".
 It stars Kevin Costner, Amy Madigan, James Earl Jones, Ray Liotta and Burt Lancaster in his final role.
 It was nominated for three Academy Awards, including for Best Original Score, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Picture.
Robert Hanley (born June 17, 1947), also known as Broadway Bob.
 and Bob Hanley, is an American actor, entertainer, comedian, singer, and writer.
 Hanley has been cast in over 100 starring and co-starring roles in television variety, comedy and drama series including "Crazy Like a Fox" with Jack Warden, and "Pros & Cons" with James Earl Jones and Richard Crenna.
 Hanley hosted television game shows for the ABC and CBS networks, and, as stand-up comedian Broadway Bob, appeared on "The Merv Griffin Show".
 He headed the Robert Hanley Actors Studio for eighteen years.
 Currently, as a singer/entertainer with his own seventeen-piece orchestra, he performs at civic and fundraising events.
 He is the founder of the nonprofit Entertainment Fellowship.
Robert Earl Jones (February 3, 1910 – September 7, 2006), sometimes credited as Earl Jones, was an American actor and prizefighter.
 One of the first prominent African-American film stars, Jones was a living link with the Harlem renaissance of the 1920s and 1930s, having worked with Langston Hughes early in his career.
 In New York in the 1930s Jones worked with young people on the Works Progress Administration, the largest New Deal agency, through which he met Langston Hughes, who cast him in his 1938 play, "Don't You Want to Be Free?"
 .
 Jones was best known for his leading roles in films such as "Lying Lips" (1939) and later in his career for supporting roles in films such as "The Sting" (1973), "Trading Places" (1983), "The Cotton Club" (1984) and "Witness" (1985).
 Jones was the father of actor James Earl Jones.
"Das Bus" is the fourteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> ninth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 15, 1998.
 In an extended parody of "Lord of the Flies", Bart, Lisa and other children from Springfield Elementary School are stranded on an island and are forced to work together.
 Meanwhile, Homer founds his own Internet company.
 It was written by David S. Cohen and directed by Pete Michels.
 Guest star James Earl Jones narrates the final scene of the episode.
Lying Lips is a 1939 American melodrama race film by Oscar Micheaux, starring Edna Mae Harris, and Robert Earl Jones (the father of James Earl Jones).
 "Lying Lips" was the thirty-seventh film of Micheaux.
Marina Kamen (aka MARINA), is a Director/Producer/Casting Director/Vocalist/Choreographer & Musician best known for her music in the advertising industry & fitness/health/dance music communities and has a large online catalogue of workout music, treadmill workouts and audio workouts including 50 albums, 450 Original Songs and 1,200 Online Musical Audio Programs.
 Marina's EBook entitled "I'mSteppin' Out!"
…confessions of a Food-a-Holic has sold around the globe for the past 15 years and is available on Iamplifi, Audible and on Amazon.
 Kamen won the 2005 People's Choice Award in Podcasting .
 MARINA's High-nrg Fitness Brand includes Radio and Television Broadcasts, Music, albums, and a Live Show currently playing in NYC called MARINA's High-nrg Fitness LIVE!
…an Interactive Musical Theatre WORKOUT Experience.
 MARINA's lifelong work merging the worlds of vocalisation and dance has brought her to work with Celebrity artists including Patti Labelle, Carnie Wilson, James Earl Jones, Mandy Patinkin, Gloria Gaynor, Britney Spears, Liza Minnelli and countless others.
 In 1987, Kamen and her husband, Roy Kamen, opened Kamen Entertainment Group, Inc.
 Kamen's credits in Radio and television advertising have included thousands of campaigns working for Starburst, PopTarts, Mercedes, Exxon Mobile, CocaCola, Dairy Queen, and Febreeze in the 1990s, in 2004, Marina Diretcted, Produced, Cast & Choreographed Britney Spears' Twister Dance Rave Global Television Campaign for Hasbro.
 Kamen also Cast, Directed,Choreographed & Produced Television spots for Jenga Tetris & Bop It.
 Kamen performs a series of live performance concerts around the country.
 In the late 90s, it seemed impossible because she had three young children and was over 215 pounds.
 Nonetheless, Kamen started to write and produce music aimed at the dance market.
 High energy shows won awards, such as her "Silent Night" performance at Webster Hall in New York City.
 Kamen taught aerobics classes in the 70's and 80's, and through her performances she began using dance music to drive her workout routines.
 By singing, dancing, and eating well-portioned meals, she lost over 100 pounds.
 Kamen released her debut album, "Um-Lotty-Da" in 1997.
 Kamen quickly earned a reputation in the New York City club scene.
 Her albums and performances garnered the attention of the Dance Organization of America.
 This committee steered Kamen towards positions as a director and choreographer for Atlantic Records, Columbia Records, The Naras Foundation which Hosts The Grammy Awards.By the year 2000, Kamen had combined her previous experiences and started to sell her fitness music within the fitness community.
 With her innovative approach and inspirational message, Kamen became a well-known persona in the world of Musical Fitness.
 Kamen has produced material and live presentations for clients including QVC/Direct, Dynamix, Equinox Gyms, Jazzercise, Strive Enterprise with Bill Kazmier (ESPN), and Jackie Chan's CableFlex.
 She has appeared on British TV on "Reborn in the USA," produced and televised from New York City by the producers of "American Idol."
 Kamen has been covered in the NY Times, Daily News and Family Circle Magazine.
 She can be seen on programing from The Discovery Health Network, PBS and Nickelodeon (The N), ShopNBC, The Tyra Banks Show & ABC NEWS.
 Marina is also Hosting a Web Broadcast show entitled "MARINA's High-nrg Fitness Musical Health Talk" at http://www.musicalhealthtalk.com.
 Ms. Kamen attended The Manhattan School of Music & Interlochen Arts Academy majoring in voice, violin, and composition.
 Marina trained in dance with The American Ballet Theatre, Luigi & Frank Hatchett.
 Marina also thanks her longtime friend in dance Francis Roach for his openness and dance talent over the years in addition to carrying out the teachings of dance Icon Luigi.
 His work has helped to train thousands of dancers around the world.
James Carter Walker, Jr. (born June 25, 1947), known professionally as Jimmie Walker, is an American actor and comedian.
 Walker is best known for portraying James Evans, Jr. (J.J.), the oldest son of Florida and James Evans, Sr. on the CBS television series "Good Times" which originally ran from 1974–1979.
 Walker was nominated for Golden Globe awards "Best Supporting Actor In A Television Series" in 1975 and 1976 for his role.
 While on the show, Walker's character was known for the catchphrase ""Dy-no-mite!""
 which he also used in his mid–1970s TV commercial for a Panasonic line of cassette and 8-track tape players.
 He also starred in "Let's Do It Again" with John Amos, and "The Greatest Thing That Almost Happened" with James Earl Jones.
 Walker continues to tour the country with his stand-up comedy routine.
"Alice" is a song by American musician Moby, released as the first single from his 2008 album "Last Night".
 It features guest vocals from the British MC Aynzli Jones and members of the Nigerian group 419 Squad.
 The music video was directed by Andreas Nilsson and features a collage of footage interspersed with Jones' head performing the song, along with various clips of explosions and scientific experiments, and scenes of violence and discrimination from classic B-movies; one such scene is from the film "Blood Tide" which features James Earl Jones punching a watermelon in time to the music.
Africa: The Serengeti is a 70mm American documentary film released in 1994 to IMAX theaters.
 It is narrated by Academy Award-nominated actor James Earl Jones, and directed by George Casey.
 It was shot on location in Tanzania and Kenya.
Lorraine Broderick (born 1948) is an American television soap opera writer who got her start on "All My Children" as a protégée of the show's creator, Agnes Nixon.
 She went on to serve four different stints as its Head Writer, ultimately earning her four Daytime Emmy awards in that capacity.
 Broderick's work on the show has often been met with critical acclaim, citing her as its finest head writer outside of Nixon.
 She was the last head writer of "All My Children's" 40-year broadcast run on ABC, penning the show through its network finale on September 23, 2011.
