Fun Taiwan is a long-running Taiwanese travel program hosted by Taiwanese-American Janet Hsieh and airing on Discovery's TLC Asia.
 It began production in 2005, and is currently in its 16th season.
 Past guests have included host Armando Reed of TLC's "Armando's Asian Twist", Singapore-based television personality George Young, American-based television personality JJ Yosh, and Taiwan-based Turkish television personality Rifat Karlova.
Stephen Anthony Smith (born October 14, 1967) is an American sports television personality, sports radio host, sports journalist, and actor.
 Smith is a commentator on "ESPN First Take", where he appears with Max Kellerman and Molly Qerim.
 He also makes frequent appearances as an NBA analyst on SportsCenter.
 He also is an NBA analyst for ESPN on "NBA Countdown" and NBA broadcasts on ESPN.
 Smith formerly hosted "The Stephen A. Smith and Ryan Ruocco Show" on ESPN Radio New York 98.7 FM He now hosts "The Stephen A. Smith Show" on the Chris Russo sports radio station: Mad Dog Sports Radio SiriusXM Radio, channel 82, and is a featured columnist for ESPNNY.com, ESPN.com, and The Philadelphia Inquirer.
Howard "Howie" Bryant (born November 25, 1968) is an American author, sports journalist, and radio and television personality.
 He writes weekly columns for ESPN.com and "ESPN The Magazine", ESPN, and appears regularly on ESPN Radio.
 He is a frequent panelist on "The Sports Reporters" and since 2006 has been the sports correspondent for "Weekend Edition" with Scott Simon on "National Public Radio".
Bindi Sue Irwin (born 24 July 1998) is an Australian-American actress, television personality, conservationist, singer, and dancer.
 She is the daughter of the late conservationist and television personality Steve Irwin and his conservationist and author wife Terri Irwin, owner of the Australia Zoo.
 Bindi's younger brother is Robert Irwin, a television personality, photographer and grandson of naturist and herpetologist Bob Irwin.
 Bindi has been involved in acting, singing, dancing, rapping, game show hosting, and has created two instructional fitness DVDs.
 She is also known for winning season 21 of "Dancing with the Stars" (U.S.).
Glenn Ordway (born January 16, 1951) is an American sports radio and television personality based in the Boston, Massachusetts area.
 He is a former commentator for the Boston Celtics radio broadcasts.
 He hosted WEEI-FM's "The Big Show" until February 15, 2013.
 On March 17, 2014 he launched "The Big Show Unfiltered"; on SportstalkBoston.com.
 Ordway had broadcast on ESPN New Hampshire Radio Nashua/Manchester from June 2014 until May 2015 when he left The Big Show.
 Ordway then left ESPN NH unannounced to return to WEEI 10a-2p week days.
 Ordway is originally from Lynn, Massachusetts; he graduated from Lynn Classical High School.
 Ordway is back on WEEI as of September 8, 2015, as part of a midday show with Lou Merloni and Christian Fauria.
(Get to) The Point is a short-lived current events discussion television program that aired on CNN in April 2013.
 Initially billed by CNN as "a week of special programming", the program was hosted by advertising executive and television personality Donny Deutsch with a panel that consisted of political commentator and gay rights activist Margaret Hoover, ESPN columnist Rick Reilly and ESPN NFL analyst Jason Taylor.
 A fifth panelist slot was filled by a different person each day. "
(Get to) The Point" attracted a great deal of ridicule on Twitter during its time on air.
 Also during that time, the program averaged just 268,000 viewers with an average of merely 77,000 viewers in the 25-54 viewing demographic.
 It was also mocked by comedian Jon Stewart during his Comedy Central show.
 As a result of the low ratings, CNN's management decided not to continue with the show, cancelling "(Get to) The Point" after only a week of airtime.
Melissa Stark (born November 11, 1973) is an American television personality and sportscaster who works as a reporter for the NFL Network and previously had worked with NBC, which she joined in 2003, primarily at its MSNBC subsidiary.
 She was also a correspondent for NBC's "The Today Show".
 In the summer of 2008, she anchored MSNBC's coverage of the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
 Prior to NBC, she was best known for her three-year stint as a sideline reporter for "Monday Night Football".
 She has also worked as a reporter for ESPN.
Shaqtin' a Fool is a weekly segment from the television show "Inside the NBA", the postgame show of "NBA on TNT" following the conclusion of National Basketball Association (NBA) games airing on cable TV channel TNT.
 It first aired during the 2011–12 NBA season, when retired NBA All-Star Shaquille O'Neal voiced it upon joining the show and was created by Turner Sports producer Mike Goldfarb.
 It highlights humorous and uncommon basketball plays that have occurred during NBA games in the past week.
 O'Neal is the host and presenter, while the other analysts in studio react and provide commentary.
 Most often, those have been fellow "Inside" regulars Ernie Johnson, Kenny Smith, and Charles Barkley, but other "Inside" hosts have also participated, including Chris Webber, Grant Hill, Steve Smith and Matt Winer.
Matthew J. Berry (born December 29, 1969) is an American writer, columnist, fantasy analyst, and television personality, ESPN fantasy sports analyst and ESPN.com columnist.
 Berry started as a writer for television and film and creating a few pilots and film scripts with his writing partner Eric Abrams with varying success.
 After beginning as a content writer for Rotoworld as a side-job, Berry launched his own fantasy sports websites, ‘’TalentedMr.Roto.com’’ in 2004 and ‘’Rotopass.com’’ once the former took off.
 Berry’s websites were timed perfectly with the rise in fantasy popularity, as the internet aided in making fantasy more accessible.
 Berry currently works at ESPN, where he has been employed since 2007.
 He is ESPN’s "Senior Fantasy Sports Analyst".
Albert Watson "Bert" Newton, AM, MBE (born 23 July 1938), is a retired media personality, who is a Logie Hall of Fame inductee and quadruple Gold Logie award winning entertainer and radio, theatre and television personality/presenter, Newton has hosted the Logie Awards ceremony on numerous occasions through his career.
 He is known for his collaborations with Graham Kennedy and Don Lane.
 He started in radio broadcasting, before becoming a star and fixture of Australian television since its inception in 1956, and is considered both an industry pioneer, icon and one of the longest-serving television performers in the world.
 Newton is known for his association with both the Nine Network and Ten Network, in numerous shows including: "In Melbourne Tonight", "New Faces", "Good Morning Australia", "20 to 1" and "Bert's Family Feud".
 Newton's wife is singer and television personality Patti McGrath Newton.
 Their two children are Australian actor Matthew Newton and television personality Lauren Newton.
