The name Ike has been used to name three tropical cyclones worldwide.
 It was used twice by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center to name tropical storms in the Western Pacific and once by the National Hurricane Center to name a hurricane in the Atlantic
Fin and flipper locomotion occurs mostly in aquatic locomotion, and rarely in terrestrial locomotion.
 From the three common states of matter — gas, liquid and solid, these appendages are adapted for liquids, mostly fresh or saltwater and used in locomotion, steering and balancing of the body.
 Locomotion is important in order to escape predators, acquire food, find mates and bury for shelter, nest or food.
 Aquatic locomotion consists of swimming, whereas terrestrial locomotion encompasses walking, 'crutching', jumping, digging as well as covering.
 Some animals such as sea turtles and mudskippers use these two environments for different purposes, for example using the land for nesting, and the sea to hunt for food.
Multiple Jeopardy a term used by scholars such as Deborah K. King and Patricia Hill Collins describes the way in which oppressive barriers that individuals face contribute to the level of oppression faced due to these factors culminating together to cause further and greater oppression.
“The modifier ‘multiple’ refers not only to several, simultaneous oppressions but to the multiplicative relationships among them as well.
 In other words, the equivalent formulation is racism multiplied by sexism multiplied by classism."
 - Deborah K. King Multiple Jeopardy stems off the term double jeopardy, which when used from a sociological perspective, refers to the additional obstacles individuals face when exposed to multiple disadvantages due to their unique being.
 When considering double jeopardy, often times there is an emphasis on just two aspects such as race and gender.
 An example of this would be the rights observed by black women.
 Not only are these individuals oppressed because they are female, but also because they are black.
 These women are a part of a dual oppressive system and are not only hindered by one trait, but by two.
 “Not only are colored women . . . handicapped on account of their sex, but they are almost everywhere baffled and mocked because of their race.
 Not only because they are women, but because they are colored women."
 – Mary Church Terrell“As blacks they suffer all the burdens of prejudice and mistreatment that fall on anyone with dark skin.
 As women they bear the additional burden of having to cope with white and black men."
 -Frances M. BealMultiple jeopardy differs from double jeopardy, by the fact that instead of just two factors playing into the disadvantages of individuals, there are multiple.
 Three common factors that are often observed are the factors of race, class, and gender.
 In Deborah King’s article, "Multiple Jeopardy, Multiple Consciousness: The Context of a Black Feminist Ideology", she recounts the ill treatment of black women during the slavery era.
 During the slavery time period in America, all black people were subjected to demanding physical labor and harsh brutal punishments; this was due to their race and their class, or their position in society.
 However, what sets black women slaves apart is the fact that they often endured struggles that were only subjected to women, namely rape (King).
 As Angela Davis put it in her book "Women, Race, and Class", “If the most violent punishments of men consisted in floggings and mutilations, women were flogged and mutilated, as well as raped."
 In this scenario, black women could not identify with black males due to their gender and sexuality, nor could they identify with the sexual oppression of white women due to their race and class.
Kristiane Allert-Wybranietz (born 1955) is a writer and poet.
 She grew up in a small village in the Auetal, a valley near Hanover, Germany.
 After an interval of some years, she has again made her home in this region.
 She began writing poetry at the age of 18 and published her first book of poetry, "Trotz alledem" (In Spite of Everything) in 1980, at the age of 25.
 Three more books followed: "Liebe Grüße" (Warm Greetings) (1982), "Wenn's doch so einfach wär" (If It Were Only That Simple) (1984) and "Du sprichst von Nähe" (You Speak of Closeness) (1986).
 Her books became bestsellers and have made her one of the most successful poets in Germany today.
 In her poems, Allert-Wybranietz deals with common things, with feelings and relationships.
 In ""Du sprichst von Nähe"," she raises questions about being close and intimate with another person.
 Can two people really become one?
 Or should they?
 And what about giving up one's individuality?
Resurrection of the dead, or resurrection from the dead (Koine: ἀνάστασις [τῶν] νεκρῶν , "anastasis [ton] nekron"; literally: "standing up again of the dead"; is a term frequently used in the New Testament and in the writings and doctrine and theology in other religions to describe an event by which a person, or people are resurrected (brought back to life).
 In the New Testament of the Christian Bible, the three common usages for this term pertain to (1) the Christ, rising from the dead; (2) the rising from the dead of all men, at the end of this present age and (3) the resurrection of certain ones in history, who were restored to life.
 Predominantly in Christian eschatology, the term is used to support the belief that the dead will be brought back to life in connection with end times.
 Various other forms of this concept can also be found in other eschatologies, namely: Islamic, Jewish and Zoroastrian eschatology.
Morcar (or Morkere) (Old English: "Mōrcǣr" ) (died 1015) was a thane (minister) of King Æthelred the Unready.
 He was given lands in Derbyshire in 1009 including Weston-on-Trent, Crich and Smalley by King Æthelred, 1011 and 1012.
 He was also given the freedom from the three common burdens.
 He and his brother were executed in 1015.
 Morcar's brother's wife was later married to King Edmund Ironside.
A tally counter is a mechanical, electronic, or software device used to incrementally count something, typically fleeting.
 One of the most common things tally counters are used for is counting people, animals, or things that are quickly coming and going from some location.
The Remote Associates Test (RAT) is a creativity test used to determine a human's creative potential.
 The test typically lasts forty minutes and consists of thirty to forty questions each of which consists of three common stimulus words that appear to be unrelated.
 The person being tested must think of a fourth word that is somehow related to each of the first three words.
 Scores are calculated based on the number of correct questions.
Stance is the position an American football player adopts when a play begins.
 There are three common stances used by linemen: two-point, three-point, and four-point.
 The stance names reference the number of points where a player's body is touching the ground while down in the stance.
 Each technique has its own strengths and weaknesses; therefore, each one is used accordingly in different situations.
 Furthermore, stances are taught and used differently depending on the level of competition (little league football, high school football, college football, etc.).
The 1000 yen note (¥1000) is currently the lowest value yen banknote and has been used since 1945, excluding a brief period between 1946 and 1950 during the American occupation of Japan.
 The fifth series (series E) notes are currently in circulation having been introduced on 11 November 2004 and are the smallest of the three common bank notes measuring 150 x 76 mm.
 The front side shows a portrait of Hideyo Noguchi, who in 1911 discovered the agent of syphilis as the cause of progressive paralytic disease.
 The reverse depicts Mount Fuji and cherry blossoms, adapted from a photograph by Koyo Okada.
 It was first issued on 1 November 2004.
