The OU812 Tour was a concert tour by hard rock band Van Halen.
 It was the second tour to include dates in Japan, and was the second with Sammy Hagar as vocalist (who had settled into the role more by this point).
 It followed the Monsters of Rock Tour 1988, which had formed the first part of the promotion for the "OU812" album.
Emel Mathlouthi (Arabic: آمال المثلوثي) (born January 11, 1982) is a Tunisian singer-songwriter best known for her protest songs "Ya Tounes Ya Meskina" ("Poor Tunisia") and "Kelmti Horra" ("My Word is Free"), which became anthems for the Tunisian revolution.
 Her first studio album, also titled "Kelmti Horra", was released worldwide by Harmonia Mundi in 2012 to critical acclaim.
 Her second album, "Ensen, was released by Partisan Records in 2017, also to comsiderable acclaim.
OU812 (pronounced "Oh You Ate One Too") is the eighth studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen, released in 1988, and the second to feature vocalist Sammy Hagar.
 Van Halen started work on the album in September 1987 and completed it in April 1988, just one month before its release.
John (Boss) Murphy (1875–1955) from The Leap, Churchtown, Co.
 Cork was a former farmer by profession, but possessed a keen interest in fiddle playing, and was renowned locally for his ability on the instrument.
 His father, William Murphy (1829–1911), was both a fiddle player and maker, indeed John was the proud owner of an instrument that had been made by his father.
 John’s father was his first fiddle teacher.
 His siblings, a brother and three sisters, also played the instrument but their interest in music waned as they reached adulthood and they did not continue to play.
 John’s musical literacy was also gained primarily from his father, who had learnt to read music at a hedge school at Ballygrace in the locality taught by a Thomas Croke.
 The same Thomas Croke, many years later, stayed for long periods of time in the Murphy household and would undoubtedly also have taught the young John directly.
Tu Ángel de la Guarda ("Your guardian angel") is Gloria Trevi's second album, and it contained one of her signature songs and her most widely known hit, "Pelo Suelto".
 It also contained other hit songs such as "Tu angel de la guarda", "Ya no", "Virgen de las virgenes", and "Hoy me ire de casa".
 This album was very controversial different from other artists' albums such as Lucero.
 "Virgen de las virgenes" mocked girls who said they were virgins but had actually lost their virginity, and "¡Ya no!"
 went against the machismo movement of México.
 Following the release of the album, Gloria was working hard in promoting radio, television and print media.
 Trevi first traveled abroad visiting American Union countries, Puerto Rico, Argentina, Colombia, Guatemala, Venezuela, Costa Rica, and received a Gold and Platinum for high sales achieved.
"Finish What Ya Started" is a song by Van Halen taken from their 1988 album "OU812".
 Despite the album being seemingly complete, Eddie Van Halen came up with the riff at 2 in the morning and went down to his then-neighbor Sammy Hagar to show it.
 Hagar let Eddie in, and the two played guitars in his balcony until they had a completed song.
 Once Eddie left, Hagar decided to write the lyrics despite being late at night.
 The theme wound up being unfulfilled sex, summed up by Hagar as "blue balls.
 In the song, Eddie Van Halen recorded his guitar part on a Fender Stratocaster plugged direct into the studio mixing console.
 The song is one of only two Van Halen tracks featuring Sammy Hagar playing a rhythm guitar part, which he played on a Gibson acoustic.
The Lord Wilton Guarnerius, sometimes called the ex-Yehudi Menuhin, is an antique and valuable violin fabricated by Italian luthier, Giuseppe Antonio Guarneri (1698–1744), usually called Guarneri del Gesù.
 The Wilton was crafted in 1742 in the city of Cremona.
 It was named after Seymour Egerton, 4th Earl of Wilton, a musician, associate of Arthur Sullivan, and 19th century owner of the instrument.
 It was owned and played by the celebrated violinist Yehudi Menuhin from 1978 to 1999.
 After Menuhin's death in 1999, the instrument was sold for $US6 million to the collector David L. Fulton, the highest price paid for a violin to that date.
 As of 2015, the instrument remains in Fulton's possession.
 Zlatko Balokovic also played the instrument from 1952 to 1961.
"Wizard in Black" is the second track on doom metal band Electric Wizard's second album, Come My Fanatics....
 On the original version of the CD, the beginning of the song features a sample from the 1974 zombie film "Let Sleeping Corpses Lie" (aka "The Living Dead at Manchester Morgue"), in which the Inspector (a character in the film) tells George (one of the teenage protagonists), "You're all the same, the lot of you, with your long hair and faggot clothes.
 Drugs, sex…every sort of filth.
 And ya hate the police, don't ya?"
 This is followed by George's reply, "You make it easy."
The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers (1938- 1966) were an early bluegrass band which included such notable "first generation" bluegrass musicians as Ezra Cline, Bobby Osborne, Paul Williams, Melvin Goins, Charlie Cline, Curly Ray Cline, Larry Richardson and for a short time Jimmy Martin.
 The group was started by Ezra Cline and Curly Ray Cline and was originally named "Cousin Ezra and the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers".
 The Clines came from a large family consisting of musically talented people.
 Ray and Charlie's father, Charlie, was a talented banjo player and the women in the family, Geraldine and Bobbi, were great singers.
 For reasons unknown, Bobbi and Geraldine never joined the band on the road but often joined in at home, especially when notable Country singers, such as Bill Monroe, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, and Hank Williams, came visiting.
 None of them ever had a music lesson yet excelled on every instrument they touched.
 Natives of the Gilbert Creek region of southern West Virginia, Cousin Ezra, along with brothers Ireland (Lazy Ned) and Curly Ray Cline, were part of the original Lonesome Pine Fiddlers from about 1938, a group that worked on radio at WHIS Bluefield, West Virginia.
 During World War II, Ned was killed in action.
 When the Pine Fiddlers resumed regular daily broadcasts, Charlie, who played multiple instruments, joined them on a regular basis.
 Charlie returned to the Fiddlers briefly before becoming a member of Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys.
 During 1952-1955, Charlie worked off and on with Monroe, recording some 38 songs, all on Decca.
 It has been said that he played every instrument at one time or another in the Monroe group except mandolin.
 Charlie spent most of 1953 back with the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers working at WJR radio in Detroit.
 When Ezra brought the band to Pikeville, Kentucky, in November, Charlie rejoined Bill Monroe.
 In 1954, Charlie did a session, playing lead guitar, with the Stanley Brothers and also another one on RCA with the Fiddlers, although he was not otherwise working with them at the time.
 He also worked briefly as a sideman with the Osborne Brothers, although he did not record with them.
 By 1958, Charlie (electric lead guitar) and his wife, Lee (electric bass), had rejoined Ezra and Curly Ray in the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers, who were experimenting with a more modern sound and working a TV show in Huntington, West Virginia, in addition to daily radio in Pikeville.
 In his later years, Charlie was with the Stanley Brothers.
 Curly Ray also played with the Stanley Brothers at a different time as their fiddler.
 Curly Ray was one of the best fiddlers in Bluegrass.
 This most talented family of musicians were the best, surpassed by none.
 Finally, on October 1, 2009, The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers got their due when they were inducted into the International Bluegrass Hall of Fame at the Ryman Theater (the original home of the Grand Ole Opry).
 Bobby Osborne, Melvin Goins and Paul Williams were there to receive the bands award.
 In the crowd of a sold out theater was the son of Ezra Cline, Scotty Ireland Cline, who recalled being in that same theater as a child sitting on stage and watching the Fiddlers play.
 (At the time, the Opry had bleachers for family just off stage).
 The final act of the evening at the IBMA Awards was the playing of "Pain in my Heart" by Osborne, Goins and Williams along with a Song from the Dillards, who were also inducted the same evening.
If You Only Knew is the second album by American R&B singer Gina Thompson.
 It was scheduled to be released through Elektra Records/East West Records on September 21, 1999, however it was shelved due to the failure and lack of commercial success for her lead singles, "Ya Di Ya" (#38 U.S. R&B) and "Caught Up".
 The album, however, was released by Elektra Records for a limited time, due to the lukewarm success of "Ya Di Ya".
