William Theodore Katt (born February 16, 1951) is an American film and television actor, voice artist and musician best known as the star of the television series "The Greatest American Hero".
 He first became known for playing Tommy Ross, the ill-fated prom date of Carrie White in the film version of "Carrie" (1976) and subsequently starred in films such as "First Love" (1977), "Big Wednesday" (1978) and "" (1979).
 Between 1985 and 1988, he starred in nine Perry Mason television films alongside his mother Barbara Hale, who reprised her role as Della Street from the television series "Perry Mason".
Drive Me Crazy is a 1999 teen romantic comedy based on the novel "How I Created My Perfect Prom Date" by Todd Strasser.
 Originally entitled "Next to You", the movie's title was changed to "Drive Me Crazy" after the song from its soundtrack, Britney Spears's song, "(You Drive Me) Crazy".
 The movie grossed $22,593,409 worldwide, against an $8 million budget, making it a moderate box office success.
 The soundtrack featured The Donnas, who also appeared in the movie.
"The Way We Was" is the twelfth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> second season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 31, 1991.
 In the episode, Marge tells the story of how she and Homer first met and fell in love.
 Flashing back to 1974, we see how Homer falls in love with Marge in high school and tries to get close to her by enlisting her as his French tutor.
 After several hours of verb conjugation, Marge falls for Homer too, only to become enraged when he admits that he is not a French student.
 Marge rejects Homer's invitation to the prom and goes with Artie Ziff.
 Artie turns out to be a terrible date and Marge realizes that it is Homer she really wants.
"Half-Decent Proposal" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> thirteenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 10, 2002.
 In the episode, to earn money for her husband Homer's snoring problem, Marge agrees to stay with her old prom date, Artie Ziff, for one weekend (on the grounds that he try not to grope her like he did in "The Way We Was"), but when Homer thinks Marge broke her promise, he runs away with Lenny to work on an oil rig.
Time Sharing is a 1986 novel by Richard Krawiec, published by Viking Press.
 Taking place in Philadelphia, its main characters are Artie, a purse-snatcher, and Jolene, a single mother.
 Artie hopes that by pretending to befriend Jolene he can profit from her.
 Jolene tries to see good in Artie and hopes he can act as a father for her son, Dandy.
 In time, Artie genuinely cares for Jolene.
 The novel ends moments after Artie accidentally shoots a cashier in a holdup.
 As he waits to be apprehended, Artie feels no remorse for shooting the cashier, but he grieves over the impending loss of his relationship with Jolene.
"Born This Way" is the eighteenth episode of the second season of the American television series "Glee", and the fortieth episode overall.
 It originally aired on Fox in the United States on April 26, 2011.
 The episode was written by Brad Falchuk and directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon, and is a tribute to Lady Gaga, the second such tribute to the artist in the show's history; the first one was "Theatricality".
 Most of the major plots of the episode center on the topic of homosexuality, as Kurt (Chris Colfer) lays the groundwork for his longtime bully Dave Karofsky (Max Adler) to come to terms with his sexuality, and Santana (Naya Rivera) plots to run for school prom queen in the hopes of winning her love interest Brittany (Heather Morris) from Artie (Kevin McHale).
"Postcards from the Wedge" is the fourteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> twenty-first season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 14, 2010.
 In the episode, Homer and Marge once again try to discipline Bart after Mrs. Krabappel tells them that Bart has not been doing his homework, but Bart has a plan to manipulate Homer's strictness and Marge's sympathetic ear, which backfires when Homer and Marge see through the plan and decide to ignore Bart.
 These themes had been seeded in the previous season (e.g. "Double, Double, Boy in Trouble", and "The Good, the Sad, and the Drugly"), would culminate in the show's first ever true grounding, and the first to stand for the rest of the episode.
 It would also be the last episode to feature a grounding, until "The Marge-ian Chronicles" in Season 27, six years later (also written by Brian Kelley).
Prom Queen: The Marc Hall Story is a Canadian television film, which aired on CTV in 2004.
 The film is about Marc Hall, a gay Canadian teenager whose legal fight ("Marc Hall v. Durham Catholic School Board") to bring a same-sex date to his Catholic high school prom made headlines in 2002.
Fantastic was an American digest size fantasy and science fiction magazine, published from 1952 to 1980.
 It was founded by Ziff Davis as a fantasy companion to "Amazing Stories".
 Early sales were good, and Ziff Davis quickly decided to switch "Amazing" from pulp format to digest, and to cease publication of their other science fiction pulp, "Fantastic Adventures".
 Within a few years sales fell, and Howard Browne, the editor, was forced to switch the focus to science fiction rather than fantasy.
 Browne lost interest in the magazine as a result and the magazine generally ran poor quality fiction in the mid-1950s, under Browne and his successor, Paul W. Fairman.
The Night Before is a 1988 film starring Keanu Reeves and Lori Loughlin.
 Reeves plays Winston Connelly, the so-called high school nerd and vice president of the astronomy club.
 Loughlin plays Tara Mitchell, the pretty and popular head cheerleader who also happens to be the local police chief's daughter.
 The Tagline was: "You lost your father's car, sold your prom date and a guy called 'Tito' wants you dead.
 It's a date that's the time of your life."
 It was filmed and set entirely in Los Angeles, California.
