Network Analysis and Ethnographic Problems: Process Models of a Turkish Nomad Clan is an anthropological and complexity science book by social anthropologists Douglas R. White, University of California, Irvine, and Ulla Johansen of the University of Cologne.
 It is considered an important publication in anthropology and the political science of Central Asia.
Participant observation is one type of data collection method typically used in qualitative research.
 It is a widely used methodology in many disciplines, particularly cultural anthropology and (European) ethnology, less so in sociology, communication studies, human geography and social psychology.
 Its aim is to gain a close and intimate familiarity with a given group of individuals (such as a religious, occupational, sub cultural group, or a particular community) and their practices through an intensive involvement with people in their cultural environment, usually over an extended period of time.
 The method originated in the field research of social anthropologists, especially Bronisław Malinowski and his students in Britain, the students of Franz Boas in the United States, and in the later urban research of the Chicago School of sociology.
Social Anthropology/Anthropologie Sociale is a quarterly academic journal published since 2007 by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Association of Social Anthropologists.
 It was established in 1992 and originally published by Cambridge University Press.
 The current editors-in-chief are Sarah Green and Patrick Laviolette.
 Articles are published in English or French.
Muted group theory (MGT) is developed by social anthropologists Edwin Ardener and Shirley Ardener in 1975.
 The theory describes the relationship between a dominant group and its subordinate group(s): As the dominant group contributes mostly to the formulation of the language system, including the norms and vocabulary, members from the subordinate group have to learn and use the dominant-made language to express themselves.
 However, this translation process may result in loss and distortion of information as the people from subordinate groups cannot articulate their ideas clearly.
 The dominant may also ignore the voice of the lower-power.
 All these may eventually lead to the mutedness of the subordinate group.
 Although this theory is initially developed to study the different situations faced by women and men, it can also be applied to any marginalized group that is muted by the inadequacies of their languages.
Symbolic culture is the ability to learn and transmit behavioural traditions from one generation to the next by the invention of things that exist entirely in the symbolic realm.
 Symbolic culture is the cultural realm constructed and inhabited uniquely by Homo sapiens and is differentiated from ordinary culture, which many other animals possess.
 Symbolic culture is studied by archaeologists, social anthropologists and sociologists.
The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth, is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to promoting the academic discipline of psychosocial studies.
 It is a member of the Academy of Social Sciences.
Aleksandar Bošković is a social anthropologist from former Yugoslavia, who published twelve books and several hundred articles and book reviews on history and theory of anthropology, from a transactionalist and comparative perspective.
 He is Professor in the Department of Ethnology and Anthropology (University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy), and Professor of Anthropology at the University of Donja Gorica in Montenegro.
 Since 2 February 2017, Bošković also heads the Department of Anthropological Research (within the Center for Sociological and Anthropological Studies) at the Institute of Social Sciences in Belgrade, where he is Director of Research, and former (19 May 2009- 1 February 2017) Head of the Center for Political Studies and Public Opinion Research.
 Aleksandar Bošković previously taught at the Universities of St Andrews (1994), Belgrade (then Yugoslavia, 1998), Brasília (Brazil, 1999-2001), University of the Witwatersrand (Johannesburg, South Africa, 2001-2003), and Rhodes University (Grahamstown, South Africa, 2003-2006).
 Between 2000 and 2014, Aleksandar Bošković was teaching in the Post-graduate Program in Anthropology of the Faculty of Social Sciences (FDV), University of Ljubljana (Slovenia).
 Just before the 2016 conference of the European Association of Social Anthropologists, held at the University of Milano-Bicocca, he was selected as the EASA Book Series Editor.
 Together with Han Vermeulen, he is co-convenor of the recently established History of Anthropology Network of the EASA.
Coral Gardens and Their Magic, properly Coral Gardens and Their Magic: A Study of the Methods of Tilling the Soil and of Agricultural Rites in the Trobriand Islands, is the final book in anthropologist Bronisław Malinowski's ethnographic trilogy on the lives of the Trobriand Islanders.
 It concentrates on the cultivation practices the Trobriand Islanders used to grow yams, taro, bananas and palms.
 It describes the gardens in which the Trobrianders grew food as more than merely utilitarian spaces, even as works of art.
 In 1988 Alfred Gell called the book "still the best account of any primitive technological-cum-magical system, and unlikely ever to be superseded in this respect".
 The book has been described as Malinowski's "magnum opus".
Alfred Antony Francis Gell, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; June 12, 1945 – January 28, 1997) was a British social anthropologist whose most influential work concerned art, language, symbolism and ritual.
 He was trained by Edmund Leach (MPhil, Cambridge University) and Raymond Firth (PhD, London School of Economics) and did his fieldwork in Melanesia and tribal India.
 Gell taught at the London School of Economics, among other places.
 He was also a Fellow of the British Academy.
 He died of cancer in 1997, at the age of 51.
Thomas Hylland Eriksen (born February 6, 1962) is a Norwegian anthropologist.
 He is currently a professor of social anthropology at the University of Oslo, as well as the 2015-2016 president of the European Association of Social Anthropologists.
 He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
