Soul Supreme (real name David Åström), born 1983, is a hip hop producer from Sweden.
 He has worked with the likes of KRS-One, Pete Rock and Big Daddy Kane.
 In 2003 he released his debut and self-produced album “The Saturday Night Agenda” under the name Soul Supreme on the Boston based label Grit Records.
 The album featured KRS-One, Big Daddy Kane, Pete Rock, O.C. and many more.
 Later the same year he produced the entire mixtape "Soulmatic", a remixed version of Nas classic album "Stillmatic", which was released through hiphopsite.com.
 In 2004 he continued with another remix mixtape; Soul & Sense containing remixes on early Common material when Common still called himself Common Sense.
 This was in 2005 released on Nocturne as a CD entitled “Uncommonly Nasty: Remixed By Soul Supreme & Statik Selektah”.
 In 2006 he made URB Magazine’s list of the next 100 producers His production borrows heavily from, often pitched-up, soul samples; hence the name.
 He is signed to JuJu Publishing.
 Soul Supreme also makes more electro themed music (his own name of this style is rapclash) under the name Kocky.
 In 2007, Soul Supreme released an electro-house album called "Kingdome Come" under his alias Kocky.
 The album was released by La Vida Locash and features guest appearances by Timbuktu, Chords, Mapei, and Jens Lekman.
Afro Samurai OST is the soundtrack of the television series "Afro Samurai".
 The album was produced by RZA of the Wu Tang Clan, and features big names such as Big Daddy Kane, Talib Kweli, Q-Tip, and GZA.
 Featuring the historic collaboration between Big Daddy Kane & GZA – "Cameo Afro," this album received great and positive reviews from many websites and magazines.
Sega All Stars was Sega's budget series for the Dreamcast, similar to Platinum Hits, Greatest Hits, and Player's Choice, for games that have sold many copies.
 When a title became a Sega All Stars title, it was sold at a lower price ($19.95) and given reprinted labeling.
 Sega All Stars was exclusive to North America, game covers were given an orange bar (as opposed to Europe's blue color scheme) with the brand name written from top to bottom.
 The disc labels were also changed to include a small circle and the Sega All Stars brand printed inside of it.
 17 titles were made into Sega All Stars titles.
 Also, in printing, original releases said "Sega Dreamcast" on the disc but the All-stars versions just simply said "Dreamcast" to match up games released with the black label like "D2", "Jet Set Radio", "Sega GT", and "Sonic Adventure 2".
 Original Dreamcast games were released in the white labels and said "Sega Dreamcast" on the inlay like the Sega All-stars labels.
Antonio Hardy (born September 10, 1968), better known by his stage name Big Daddy Kane, is a Grammy Award-winning American rapper and actor who started his career in 1986 as a member of the rap collective the Juice Crew.
 He is widely considered to be one of the most influential and skilled MCs in hip hop.
 The name Big Daddy Kane came from a variation on Caine, David Carradine's character from TV show Kung Fu and a character called "Big Daddy" Vincent Price played in the film "Beach Party".
Suanfa tongzong (General Source of Computational Methods) is a mathematical text written by sixteenth century Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei (1533–1606) and published in the year 1592.
 The book contains 595 problems divided into 17 chapters.
 The book is essentially general arithmetic for the abacus.
 The book was the main source available to scholars concerning mathematics as it developed in China’s tradition.
 Six years after the publication of Suanfa Tongzong, Cheng Dawei published another book titled "Suanfa Zuanyao" ("A Compendium of calculating Methods").
 About 90% of the content of the new book came from the contents of four chapters of the first book with some rearrangement.
 It is said that when Suanfa Tongzong was first published, it sold so many copies that the cost of paper went up and the lucrative sales resulted in unscrupulous people beginning to print pirated copies of the book with many errors.
 it was this that forced the author to print an abridged version.
The Saturday Show is Birmingham-based Central Television's flagship Saturday morning kids TV show which replaced their previous show Tiswas.
 It ran on ITV for two series between 1982 and 1984.
 It was originally planned that popular wrestler Big Daddy would host and that it would be called "Big Daddy's Saturday Show".
 A pilot show was recorded with Big Daddy presenting, assisted by Isla St Clair and short films were shot with Big Daddy to insert in the upcoming series; a trailer for "Big Daddy's Saturday Show", complete with logo was shown on ITV the Saturday morning before the show was due to air.
 It was then announced during the week that Big Daddy was dropping out and that Isla St Clair would now take the lead, with ex-Magpie host Tommy Boyd assisting and with Jeremy Beadle being used as an occasional "stand in" host.
 The actor David Rappaport was also a fixture playing the character "Shades", as was football legend Jimmy Greaves.
From Unknown Worlds is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by John W. Campbell, Jr. and illustrated by Edd Cartier, the first of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine "Unknown" of the 1930s-40s.
 It was first published in magazine format by American company Street & Smith in 1948; the publication was an attempt to determine if there was a market for a revived "Unknown".
 Street & Smith printed 300,000 copies, against the advice of John Campbell, but although it sold better than the original, too many copies were returned for the publisher to be willing to revive the magazine.
 The first British edition was issued by Atlas Publishing in 1952; part of the run was issued in a hardcover binding.
 This edition omitted the story "One Man's Harp."
.
The Burning Red is the third album by the American groove metal band Machine Head.
 It is the band's second best selling album in the US, selling as many copies in three years as "Burn My Eyes" sold in almost eight years (1994–2002) .
 The album has sold over 134,000 copies in the US and it was certified silver in 2011 by the BPI for sales of 60,000 in the UK.
Hit-Girl (Mindy McCready (comic) or Macready (film)) is a fictional character appearing in the "Kick-Ass" series, published by Marvel Comics under the company's imprint Icon Comics.
 The character was created by artist John Romita, Jr. and writer Mark Millar.
 She is a young but effective vigilante, trained by her father Damon McCready (a.k.a. Big Daddy) from an early age to be a costumed superhero and assassin.
 In "Kick-Ass", she is introduced as a supporting character.
 She featured in her own self-titled comic book series, "Hit-Girl", which was first published on 27 June 2012.
 She is portrayed by Chloë Grace Moretz in the feature film adaptations "Kick-Ass" and "Kick Ass 2".
A Big Daddy is a fictional character in the "BioShock" series of video games.
 Big Daddies are heavily spliced (genetically mutated and altered with ADAM) human beings who have had their bodies directly grafted into heavily armored, steampunk-inspired atmospheric diving suits.
 They are armed with a rivet gun, heavy drill, rocket launcher, or ion laser.
 Alpha series Big Daddies are equipped with any of several other weapons as well.
 Though they make low-pitched groaning noises similar to whales, Big Daddies have no voice actor attributed to them.
 Designed by Irrational Games (then under the supervision of 2K Boston/2K Australia), they first appeared in "BioShock" and were promoted heavily.
 A six-inch Big Daddy action figure was included in the limited edition version of the title.
 In its sequel, "BioShock 2", the player controls a prototype Big Daddy.
