The Evolution of Human Sexuality is a 1979 book about human sexuality by the anthropologist Donald Symons, in which the author discusses topics such as human sexual anatomy, ovulation, orgasm, homosexuality, sexual promiscuity, and rape, attempting to show how evolutionary concepts can be applied to humans.
 Symons argues that the female orgasm is not an adaptive trait and that woman have the capacity for it only because orgasm is adaptive for men, and that differences between the sexual behavior of male and female homosexuals help to show underlying differences between male and female sexuality.
 In his view, homosexual men tend to be sexually promiscuous because of the tendency of men in general to desire sex with a large number of partners, a tendency that in heterosexual men is usually restrained by women's typical lack of interest in promiscuous sex.
 Symons also argues that rape can be explained in evolutionary terms and feminist claims that it is not sexually motivated are incorrect.
In media discourse, sexual content is material depicting sexual behavior.
 The sexual behavior involved may be explicit, implicit sexual behavior such as flirting, or include sexual language and euphemisms.
Bisexuality is romantic attraction, sexual attraction, or sexual behavior toward both males and females, or romantic or sexual attraction to people of any sex or gender identity; this latter aspect is sometimes alternatively termed "pansexuality."
Patterns of Sexual Behavior is a 1951 book by Clellan S. Ford and Frank A. Beach.
 In this work of scientific literature, the authors integrate information about human sexual behavior from 191 different cultures, and include detailed comparisons across animal species, with particular emphasis on primates.
 The book, which has been called a "classic" of its field, provided the foundation for the later research of Masters and Johnson.
 A revised edition, titled "Human Sexuality in Four Perspectives", was published in 1977.
In human sexual behavior, foreplay is a set of emotionally and physically intimate acts between two or more people meant to create sexual arousal and desire for sexual activity.
 Either or any of the sexual partners may indicate sexual interest to initiate foreplay, and the initiator may not be the active partner during the sexual activity.
 Foreplay stimulates both partners' sexuality, lowers inhibitions and increases emotional intimacy between partners, and implies a certain level of confidence and trust between the partners.
 In animal sexual behavior, the loose equivalent is sometimes termed 'precoital activity'.
Non-reproductive sexual behavior is sexual activities animals participate in that do not lead to the reproduction of the species.
 Although procreation continues to be the primary explanation for sexual behavior in animals, recent observations on animal behavior has given alternative reasons for the engagement in sexual activities by animals.
 Animals have been observed to engage in sex for social interaction, demonstration of dominance, aggression relief, exchange for significant materials, and sexual stimulation.
 Observed non-procreative sexual activities include non-copulatory mounting (without penetration, or by the female), oral sex, genital stimulation, anal stimulation, interspecies mating, and acts of affection.
 There have also been observations of animals engaging in homosexual behaviors, as well as sex with dead animals and sex involving juveniles.
An alternative mating strategy is a mating strategy used by males or females that differs from the prevailing strategy of the sex.
 The mating strategies of animals are diverse and variable both across and within species.
 Animal sexual behavior and mate choice directly affect social structure and relationships in many different mating systems, whether monogamous, polygamous, polyandrous, or polygynous.
 Though males and females in a given population typically employ a predominant reproductive strategy based on the overarching mating system, there is still significant variation in behavior among individuals of the same sex.
 Alternative strategies provide animals of certain phenotypes with a different means for obtaining mates.
 The study of alternative mating strategies is critical to correctly characterizing the diverse sexual behavior practiced by animals in a population and understanding the strength of selection on these individuals.
The Kinsey Reports are two books on human sexual behavior, Sexual Behavior in the Human Male (1948) and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female (1953), written by Alfred Kinsey, Paul Gebhard, Wardell Pomeroy and others and published by Saunders.
 Kinsey was a zoologist at Indiana University and the founder of the Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex, Gender, and Reproduction (more widely known as the Kinsey Institute).
Extended female sexuality is where the female of a species mates when infertile.
 In most species, the female only engages in copulation when she is fertile.
 However, extended sexuality has been documented in old world primates, pair bonded birds and some insects (such as carrion beetles).
 Extended sexuality is most prominent in human females who exhibit no change in copulation rate across the ovarian cycle.
 Although this behaviour incurs costs to females, such as energy and time, many researchers have proposed reasons for its existence.
 These hypotheses include the male assistance hypothesis, which proposes that females gain non-genetic benefits (such as food and shelter) in exchange for sexual access.
 A sub-hypothesis of this is Hrdy's, proposing extended female sexuality as an adaptive process aiming to creating paternity confusion in males.
 Alternative hypotheses, classified as 'male-driven', claim that extended female sexuality occurs due to male adaptations, resulting from an inability to detect fertility status in females or to dampen immune responses against sperm.
 Finally, Spuhler's hypothesis suggests that the behaviour may have arisen as an incidental effect of larger adrenal glands in humans.
Extra-pair copulation (EPC) is a promiscuous mating behaviour in monogamous species.
 Monogamy occurs when one male mates exclusively with one female, forming a long term bond and combining efforts to raise offspring together; extra-pair copulation occurs when one of these individuals mates outside of this pairing.
 Across the animal kingdom, extra-pair copulation is common in monogamous species, and only a very few pair-bonded species are thought to be exclusively sexually monogamous.
 EPC in the animal kingdom has mostly been studied in birds and mammals.
 Possible benefits of EPC can be investigated within non-human species, such as birds.
 In males, a number of theories are proposed to explain extra-pair copulations.
 One such hypothesis is that males maximise their reproductive success by copulating with as many females as possible outside of a pair bond relationship because their parental investment is lower, meaning they can copulate and leave the female with minimum risk to themselves.
 Females, on the other hand, have to invest a lot more in their offspring; extra-pair copulations produce a greater cost because they put the resources that their mate can offer at risk by copulating outside the relationship.
 Despite this, females do seek out extra pair copulations, and, because of the risk, there is more debate about the evolutionary benefits for females.
