Broken Vessels is a 1999 medical drama film directed by Scott Ziehl and written by Ziehl along with David Baer and John McMahon.
 The film debuted at the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival and marked Ziehl's directorial debut.
 It stars Todd Field, Jason London, Roxana Zal, Susan Traylor, and James Hong.
 The film follows a rookie paramedic and his hardened drug-addicted partner as they take calls and cruise L.A. in their ambulance.
 Although it shares the same name as the book, it has nothing to do with the Andre Dubus essay collection of the same name.
Delivering is a 1993 short film that Todd Field, while a fellow at the AFI Conservatory, adapted from the story of the same name by Andre Dubus.
 It is a dramatic piece that takes place on the day two brothers discover their mother has abandoned the family.
 This film is notable as it was the first time Field adapted Dubus' work to film.
 The next time would be for his Academy Award nominated feature debut, "In the Bedroom", which was based on Dubus' short story, "Killings".
 Years after Field's graduation from the AFI, "Delivering" continued to be screened in the classroom.
In the Bedroom is a 2001 American crime drama film directed by Todd Field, and dedicated to Andre Dubus, whose short story "Killings" is the source material on which the screenplay, by Field and Robert Festinger, is based.
 The film stars Tom Wilkinson, Sissy Spacek, Nick Stahl, Marisa Tomei, and William Mapother.
Little Children is a 2006 American drama film directed by Todd Field.
 It is based on the novel of the same name by Tom Perrotta, who along with Field wrote the screenplay.
 It stars Kate Winslet, Patrick Wilson, Jennifer Connelly, Jackie Earle Haley, Noah Emmerich, Gregg Edelman, Phyllis Somerville and Will Lyman.
 The original music score is composed by Thomas Newman.
 The film screened at the 44th New York Film Festival organized by the Film Society of Lincoln Center.
 It earned 3 nominations at the 79th Academy Awards: Best Actress for Winslet, Best Supporting Actor for Haley, and Best Adapted Screenplay for Field and Perrotta.
When I Was a Boy is a 1993 short film created by Todd Field, Alex Vlacos and Matthew Modine.
 It is an experimental piece about a grown man reflecting on how he was reared by his mother and treated by others as a child.
 The piece premiered at the 1993 Sundance Film Festival in front of Victor Nuñez's Grand Jury Prize winning "Ruby in Paradise" in which Field starred and Vlacos was the cinematographer.
 That same year it was exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art as part of the Film Society of Lincoln Center's New Directors/New Films Festival.
Killings is a short tale written by Andre Dubus in 1979.
 The short story entails how a man seeks revenge after the death of his son in cold blood.
 In 2001, the story was adapted into Todd Field's film, "In the Bedroom".
 The film starred Sissy Spacek, Tom Wilkinson, and Marisa Tomei, and was nominated for five Academy Awards – Best Picture, Actor in a Leading Role (Wilkinson), Actress in a Leading Role (Spacek), Actress in a Supporting Role (Tomei), and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material Previously Published (Robert Festinger & Field).
 After the film's release the story was republished in a collection called "In the Bedroom" for which Field wrote the preface.
Too Romantic is a 1992 dramatic short film that Todd Field created while a fellow at the AFI Conservatory.
 It was his directorial debut.
 It is a dramatic piece about a fifteen-year-old boy taking a road trip with his recently widowed grandmother.
 The piece is notable in that it was Field's first project as a writer/director and his first introduction to many of the collaborators he continued to work with on subsequent projects, including his Academy Award nominated features "In the Bedroom" and "Little Children".
Sunil Rawal (born 23 May 1983) is a film producer and actor active in the Nepali film industry.
 He has been involved in the film industry since 2012.
 His first movie as a producer and actor was "Saayad", produced under the banner of Durgish Films Pvt. Ltd. and directed by Suraj Subba.
 He is Managing Director of Durgish Films Pvt. Ltd.
 Since his involvement in the industry, he has been the center point of attraction to both filmmaker and audience.
 His First movie Saayad in 2011 was the trend breaker.
 Rawal collected numerous award from that movie.
 Being a Member of Nepal Film Producer Association, He was awarded by Nepal Film Producer Association for the best product, Saayad.
 Then his dedication of filmmaking reached to another level, which helped him to produce another blockbuster movie HOSTEL, 2012, which was the heart of youth nepali audience.
 Hostel too got numbers of award including national award.
 After grand success of Hostel, Rawal came with another blockbuster movie Hostel Returns, Sequel of Hostel in 2015.
 Till the date Rawal is only the producer in Nepali Film Industry with No flops.
 Rawal is inspiration and role model to many youth who is willing to make their career in Nepali Film Industry.
 Sequel of his first Film Saayad, Saayad 2 is set to release on 14 July 2017.
 Beside Filmmaking, Rawal is busy on serving the society, in his initiation, library was established in Nirankari Aadarsha Bidhya Mandir, Kailali.
 He was one of the active filmmaker to serve earthquake victims in different part of Nepal.
 He has great contribution to flood victims of eastern and western Nepal.
 Getting Back to film Industry, His upcoming Projects, Laaure and Woolen Marry is running smoothly on Pre-production.
Wilco Melissant (born December 8, 1968) is a Dutch director who directed various arthouse video productions for Witchhunt Productions, of which he himself is the chairman.
 His productions were shown on the Dutch TV station RotterdamTV.
William Todd Field (born February 24, 1964) is an American actor and three-time Academy Award nominated filmmaker.
