Ellis E. Cousens (born 1952) is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer of John Wiley & Sons, Inc., since March 2001.
 Previously Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Bookspan, a Bertelsmann AG and Time Warner Inc. joint venture, from March 2000; Vice President, Finance and Strategic Planning, of Bertelsmann AG from March 1999; Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of BOL.com, a subsidiary of Bertelsmann AG, from August 1998).
 Earned a Bachelor's degree from Hunter College, Master of Science from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and an MBA in Finance from the Hagan School of Business of Iona College.
 Graduated DeWitt Clinton High School, Bronx, NY class of 1970.
The 2014 Florida Chief Financial Officer election took place on November 4, 2014, which resulted in the re-election of the Florida Chief Financial Officer.
 Incumbent Republican Chief Financial Officer Jeff Atwater ran for re-election to a second term in office.
Joshua Nyamweya Oigara is the Group Chief Executive Officer of the Kenya Commercial Bank Group.
 At age 37, his appointment in November 2012 to replace the outgoing CEO Martin Oduor-Otieno made him the youngest CEO of a publicly traded bank at the NSE.
 Prior to his appointment, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Member of the Board of Directors of the Company between January 12, 2012 and January 2013.
 He also served as Group Chief Financial Officer at KCB Bank Group for East Africa.
 He joined the Bank in November 2011 from Bamburi Cement where he served as Group Financial Director and Chief Financial Officer for the East Africa region.
 Oigara holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from University of Nairobi and Master of Business Administration from Edith Cowan University and a host of other qualifications.
Professor Lloyd A. Levitin (born 1932) is an American businessman, former business executive, and currently professor of clinical finance and business economics at the University of Southern California's Marshall School of Business.
 He teaches financial analysis and valuation courses in the full-time MBA and undergraduate programs.
 He has published articles on corporate diversification and accountants' scope of liability for defective financial reports.
 He was simultaneously executive vice president, treasurer and chief financial officer of Pacific Enterprises (now Sempra Energy), as well as executive vice president and chief financial officer of the Southern California Gas Company (wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Enterprises).
 He has 31 years of experience in corporate management.
 Prior thereto, he was associate professor of business at San Francisco State University.
 He also has a CPA certificate.
Paul N. Saleh (born 1957), is an American business executive who served as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Executive Vice President for Nextel Communications.
 He later served as interim chief executive officer (CEO) of Sprint Nextel Corporation in late 2007 and as the company's CFO from 2001 to 2008.
 In November, 2010 Mr. Saleh was named Gannett's Chief Financial Officer.
 In May, 2012 Mr. Saleh was named CSC's Chief Financial Officer and currently holds this position.
Robert W. Matschullat is a private equity investor, and served from October 1995 until June 2000 as Vice Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Financial Officer of The Seagram Company Ltd.
 He also served as Chief Financial Officer of Seagram until December 1999.
 Prior to joining Seagram, Matschullat was head of worldwide investment banking for Morgan Stanley and was on the Morgan Stanley Group board of directors.
 He was the Presiding Director of the Board of Directors of the Clorox Company from January 2005 to March 7, 2006, and was director of McKesson Corporation from October 2002 to July 25, 2007.
 Matschullat has been a Director of The Walt Disney Company since 2002.
 He also joined Visa Inc's Board of Directors in October 2007 and was elected as the non-executive independent Chair on January 29, 2013.
Lawrence W. "Larry" Kellner (born 1959) is the former CEO of Continental Airlines, having succeeded Gordon Bethune as CEO in December 2004.
 Prior to his arrival at Continental, he served as the chief financial officer of American Savings Bank.
 Kellner retired as the airline's chief executive at the end of December 2009.
 During his career at Continental, he previously served as a vice president, chief financial officer and chief operating officer.
Luigi Ferraris (Legnano, 1962) is an Italian executive, Chief Executive Officer of Terna S.p.A. since April 2017.
 CEO of Enersis from 2014 to 2015, ex - Chairman of Enel Green Power, CFO of Enel Group and current Chief Financial Officer of Poste Italiane Group.
 Luigi Ferraris was also Chairman of Enel Green Power S.p.A. as well as Operating Chairman of Enel Factor S.p.A.
 In 2015 Luigi Ferraris was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Poste Italiane Group, in charge of managing its privatization process, one of the largest ever undertaken in Italy.
 He has had also the responsibility of implementing the Group’s Risk and Management Control functions, while starting a valorisation and optimization plan for Group’s Real Estate properties.
 Luigi Ferraris worked also as non executive Board Member of Banca del Mezzogiorno – Mediocredito Centrale, PSC S.p.A Group.
 He was Board Member of Erg S.p.A. a company listed in the Italian stock exchange.
 He had a teaching role or “Corporate Strategy” at LUISS University.
The Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–576), or CFO Act, signed into law by President George H.W. Bush on November 15, 1990, is a United States federal law intended to improve the government's financial management, outlining standards of financial performance and disclosure.
 Among other measures, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) was given greater authority over federal financial management.
 For each of 23 federal departments and agencies, the position of chief financial officer was created.
 In accordance with the CFO Act, each agency or department vests its financial management functions in its chief financial officer.
Jeffrey "Jeff" S. Bornstein is an American business executive.
 He is a senior vice president and chief financial officer for General Electric.
 Previously, Bornstein served as chief financial officer of GE Capital and senior vice president of General Electric.
 Bornstein joined GE in 1989 with the GE Power Systems’ Financial Management Program.
 In 1992, he joined the GE Corporate Audit Staff and then became Executive Audit Manager.
 In 1996, he was named Chief Financial Officer for GE Aircraft Engine Services and Vice President in 1998.
 In 1999, he was promoted to Chief Financial Officer of GE Plastics and served as their CFO until 2002.
 He is on the board of Northeastern University and buildOn.
 He has also been involved in a number of youth programs.
 He received his B.S. in Business Administration from Northeastern University.
