The Ayla-Axum amphorae are narrow conical amphoras that were named after the widest range of finds in the Red Sea.
 Subsequent findings since the mid- 1990s indicate, however, that the amphoras originate in Byzantine, or even early Islamic, Aqaba.
 Hence, the preferred nomenclature is now "Aqaba Amphora."
 The Ayla-Axum/Aqaba amphora type has parallels from at least three terrestrial sites in Eritrea and Ethiopia: Aksum, where amphora sherds with gray fabric were found by the Deutsche Aksum Expedition (Zahn 1913: 208); Matara dating to the 4th through 7th centuries (Anfray 1990: 118); and Adulis (Paribeni 1907: 551) examples of which are on display in the National Museum in Asmara.
 Other examples have been found at Berenike in Egypt, where the amphoras date firmly to an early 5th century context in what may be the best stratified examples (Hayes 1996: 159-61); from Aqaba in Jordan where many examples have been found, including their kilns; on The Shipwreck at Black Assarca Island, Eritrea (Pedersen 2008; Pedersen 2000); and in the Mediterranean such as on the late 6th-century shipwreck at Iskandil Burnu, Turkey, as well as in Spain and Carthage in strata datable from the mid-fourth to the sixth centuries (Keay 1986: 356, 358, 471).
 The largest number (c. 500) came to light during excavations at Zafar/Yemen.
Tubers are enlarged structures in some plant species used as storage organs for nutrients.
 They are used for the plant's perennation (survival of the winter or dry months), to provide energy and nutrients for regrowth during the next growing season, and as a means of asexual reproduction.
 "Stem tubers" form from thickened rhizomes (underground stems) or stolons (horizontal connections between organisms).
 Common plant species with stem tubers include potato and yam.
 Some sources also treat modified lateral roots ("root tubers") under the definition; these are encountered in sweet potato, cassava, and dahlia.
Aruncus dioicus (Walt.)
 (known as goat's beard, buck's-beard or bride's feathers) is a flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the family Rosaceae, and is the type species of the genus "Aruncus".
 It has alternate, pinnately compound leaves, on thin, stiff stems, with plumes of feathery white or cream flowers borne in summer.
 This plant can be found in moist woodland, often at higher altitudes, throughout temperate areas of Europe, Asia, and eastern and western North America.
 In the UK it is considered suitable for planting in and around water areas, and has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
A weed is a plant considered undesirable in a particular situation, "a plant in the wrong place".
 Examples commonly are plants unwanted in human-controlled settings, such as farm fields, gardens, lawns, and parks. Taxonomically, the term "weed" has no botanical significance, because a plant that is a weed in one context is "not" a weed when growing in a situation where it "is" in fact wanted, and where one species of plant is a valuable crop plant, another species in the same genus might be a serious weed, such as a wild bramble growing among cultivated loganberries.
 Many plants that people widely regard as weeds also are intentionally grown in gardens and other cultivated settings, in which case they are sometimes called beneficial weeds.
 The term "weed" also is applied to any plant that grows or reproduces aggressively, or is invasive outside its native habitat.
 More broadly "weed" occasionally is applied pejoratively to species outside the plant kingdom, species that can survive in diverse environments and reproduce quickly; in this sense it has even been applied to humans.
The horticultural cultivation of the dahlia plant has resulted in over 57,000 registered cultivars of dahlia.
 Several of them are listed below.
A mastos (Greek, μαστός, "breast") is an ancient Greek drinking vessel shaped like a woman's breast.
 The type is also called a parabolic cup, and has parallel examples made of glass or silver.
 Examples are primarily in black-figure or white ground technique, though early examples may be red-figure.
 A "mastos" typically has two handles and a "nipple" at the bottom, though some examples have a foot as a base instead.
 A mastoid cup is conical, but with a flat bottom, with or without handles.
Dahlia pinnata ("D. x pinnata") is a species in the genus "Dahlia", family Asteraceae, with the common name garden dahlia.
 It is the type species of the genus and is widely cultivated.
"Dahlia" 'Bishop of Llandaff' is a branching, tuberous tender perennial cultivar with dark eggplant-colored, almost black, foliage.
 This produces a stunning contrast with its scarlet flowers.
 The plant was first bred by Fred Treseder, a Cardiff nurseryman.
 It was selected by and named to honour Joshua Pritchard Hughes, Bishop of Llandaff, in 1924 and won the RHS Award of Garden Merit in 1928.
 The plant is about 1 m tall and flowers from June until September.
 As with all dahlias, frost blackens its foliage, and its tubers need to be overwintered in a dry, frost-free place.
There are 42 accepted species in the "Dahlia" genus, according to The Plant List.
 The sectional classification of "Dahlia " "sensu" Sørensen (1969) as updated by Saar "et al." (2003) and Hansen (2004) and (2008) is as follows (excluding infraspecific taxa);
Dahlia imperialis or Bell tree dahlia is an 8-10 metre tall member of the Dahlia genus native to Mexico, Central America and Colombia.
 It is a plant of the uplands and mountains, occurring at elevations of 1500 - , and its leaves are used as a dietary supplement by the Q'eqchi' people of San Pedro Carchá in Alta Verapaz, Guatemala.
