Yu Aoi (蒼井 優 , Aoi Yū , born August 17, 1985 in Kasuga, Fukuoka) is a Japanese actress and model.
 She made her film debut as Shiori Tsuda in Shunji Iwai's 2001 film "All About Lily Chou-Chou".
 She subsequently portrayed Tetsuko Arisugawa in "Hana and Alice" (2004), also directed by Iwai, Kimiko Tanigawa in the hula dancing film "Hula Girls" and Hagumi Hanamoto in the 2006 live-action adaptation of the "Honey and Clover" manga series.
Iron Monkey is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film written and produced by Tsui Hark and directed by Yuen Woo-ping, starring Donnie Yen, Yu Rongguang, Jean Wang, Angie Tsang and Yuen Shun-yi.
 It is not related to the 1977 Hong Kong film of the same title.
Rock N'Roll Cop is a 1994 Hong Kong action crime drama film produced and directed by Kirk Wong, starring Anthony Wong Chau Sang, Wu Hsing-kuo, Yu Rongguang, Carrie Ng and Chen Ming Chen.
China: The Panda Adventure is a 2001 film directed by Robert M. Young.
 It stars Maria Bello and Yu Xia.
There are two feature films based on the manga and anime series "Yu Yu Hakusho" by Yoshihiro Togashi.
 The films were produced by Studio Pierrot and released in Japan theatrically, the first "Yu Yu Hakusho: The Movie" in 1993 and the second "Yu Yu Hakusho: Chapter of Underworld's Carnage - Bonds of Fire" in 1994.
 Before Funimation Entertainment acquired the rights to the anime in 2001, the films were dubbed and released in North America by two other companies.
 The first by Anime Works and the second by US Manga Corps, both released in 1998.
 However, the first film and the OVAs ("Eizou Hakusho" I and II) have since been acquired by Funimation and they produced a new English dub of the film using their original cast from the anime.
 These were released together as "Yu Yu Hakusho: The Movie & Eizou Hakusho" on December 13, 2011.
Iron Monkey 2 is a 1996 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chao Lu-jiang and featuring action choreography by Yuen Woo-ping.
 This film starred Donnie Yen as "Iron Monkey", a role played by Yu Rongguang in the 1993 film "Iron Monkey", which also starred Yen, but in a different role.
 The story in "Iron Monkey 2" is not related to that of "Iron Monkey".
Ip Man is a 2013 Chinese television series romanticising the life of Ip Man (Mandarin: Ye Wen), a Chinese martial artist specialising in Wing Chun.
 Directed by Fan Xiaotian, the series starred Hong Kong actor Kevin Cheng as the title character, with Han Xue, Liu Xiaofeng, Chrissie Chau, Song Yang, Yu Rongguang, Yuen Wah and Bruce Leung as part of the supporting cast.
 Wilson Yip, the director of the films "Ip Man" and "Ip Man 2" (starring Donnie Yen), and Taiwanese producer Young Pei-pei served as the artistic consultants for the series, while Ip Man's sons, Ip Chun and Ip Ching, served as the martial arts consultants.
 The series was shot from July–November 2012 in Kunshan, Suzhou, and was first aired on Shandong TV from 24 February to 9 March 2013.
 It won the Golden Eagle Award for Best Television Series in 2012.
Yu Rongguang (born 30 August 1958), also known as Ringo Yu, is a Chinese actor and martial artist who started his career in Hong Kong.
 He is best known for the title role in "Iron Monkey" along with Donnie Yen as well as being featured in films such as "The East Is Red", "My Father Is a Hero", and "Musa".
Man Wanted is a 1995 Hong Kong action thriller film directed by Benny Chan and Steve Cheng and starring Simon Yam, Yu Rongguang, Christy Chung and Eileen Tung.
The East Is Red, also known as Swordsman III, is a 1993 Hong Kong wuxia film.
 The main character in the film is loosely based on Dongfang Bubai, a character in Louis Cha's novel "The Smiling, Proud Wanderer".
 The film was produced by Tsui Hark, directed by Ching Siu-tung, and starred Brigitte Lin, Joey Wong and Yu Rongguang.
 The film is regarded as a sequel to "The Swordsman" and "Swordsman II".
