Red is a series of American action comedy films inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner, and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage.
 The film stars Bruce Willis, Morgan Freeman, John Malkovich, Mary-Louise Parker, Helen Mirren, and Karl Urban with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber.
"The Old Castle's Secret" is a 32-page funny animal comic book adventure/mystery/horror story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks.
 It was first published by Dell Publishing in Four Color #189 (June 1948).
 Characters include Uncle Scrooge, Donald Duck, and Huey, Dewey, and Louie.
 The story is about a treasure hunt led by Uncle Scrooge through an old castle in Scotland.
 It is the first of Uncle Scrooge's comic book treasure hunts.
 The story was published with three one-page gag stories by Barks.
 The cover is the first comic book cover ever drawn by Barks.
 The story has been reprinted many times.
The Mississippi Institute of Arts and Letters (MIAL) is a privately funded foundation created to recognize annually the greatest accomplishments in art, music, literature, and photography among Mississippians.
 The idea was conceived by, among others, former Mississippi Governor William Winter, Dr. Cora Norman, Dr. Aubrey Lucas, and Dr. Noel Polk in 1978, and the first awards were given out in 1980.
 Nominations for these awards may be made only by registered members of the Institute.
 The winners are chosen by a jury of prominent academics in each of the seven fields: Fiction, Non-fiction, Visual Art, Concert Musical Composition, Popular Musical Composition, Photography, and Poetry.
 The ceremony is held in a different Mississippi city each year.
 Past winners have included Walker Percy, Ellen Douglas, Ellen Gilchrist, Richard Ford, Larry Brown, Rick Bass, Lewis Nordan, Beverly Lowry, Donna Tartt, Clifton Taulbert, Barry Hannah, Willie Morris, Leontyne Price, Cynthia Shearer, Stephen Ambrose, Steve Yarbrough, Tom Franklin, Brad Watson, Shelby Foote, Natasha Trethewey, Birney Imes, Maude Schyler Clay, William Grant Still, Morgan Freeman, Christopher Maurer, Wyatt Waters, Logan Skelton, and many others.
 Lifetime achievement awards have been presented to artists such as Gulf Coast painter and potter Walter Anderson, Jackson writer Eudora Welty, and the distinguished film actor from the Delta, Morgan Freeman.
"Only A Poor Old Man" is a 32-page funny animal comic book story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks.
 It was published by Four Color #386 (March 1952) in the first issue of "Uncle Scrooge".
 It was the first comic book story with Scrooge McDuck as its main character (he had already made his debut as a supporting character in "Christmas on Bear Mountain").
 The story has been reprinted many times.
 It was originally published with the one-page gag stories "Osogood Silver Polish", "Coffee for Two", and "Soupline Eight".
 Gemstone Publishing selected "Poor Old Man" for Free Comic Book Day 2005.
 Barks expert Michael Barrier has dubbed the story a masterpiece.
Hagibis (meaning "rapidity", "velocity", or "speed" in Tagalog) is one of the first comic book heroes in the history of komiks in the Philippines.
 Hagibis was created in 1947 by Francisco V. Coching, a Filipino comic book artist and illustrator who is considered as the “father" or "grandfather” of Filipino komiks.
 Tarzan-like in appearance, the form of Hagibis had also been based on another early Filipino comic book hero, namely Kulafu who was created by another pioneer Filipino comic book artist, Francisco Reyes.
 Hagibis became one of the longest running serials in the history of Filipino comic books, which was featured for fifteen years in the pages of "Liwayway" magazine.
 An example story about Hagibis that appeared in "Liwayway" magazine was "Si Hagibis sa Ibang Daigdig" (Hagibis in Another World).
 Sequels in komiks to the Hagibis series were "Anak ni Hagibis" (Child of Hagibis) and "Si Gat Sibasib" (Gat Sibasib).
 Hagibis was later made into a movie with Fernando Poe, Sr. acting as Hagibis.
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage.
 The film stars Bruce Willis, Morgan Freeman, John Malkovich, Mary-Louise Parker, Helen Mirren and Karl Urban, with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber.
 In the film version, the title is derived from the designation of former CIA Agent Frank Moses (Bruce Willis), meaning "Retired, Extremely Dangerous".
Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman, co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, Cillian Murphy, Tom Wilkinson, Rutger Hauer, Ken Watanabe and Morgan Freeman.
 The film reboots the "Batman" film series, telling the origin story of Bruce Wayne from his initial fear of bats and the death of his parents to his journey to become Batman and his fight to stop Ra's al Ghul and the Scarecrow from plunging Gotham City into chaos.
 Comic book storylines such as "The Man Who Falls", "" and "" served as inspiration.
The following is a list of comic book series based on the animated TV show The Simpsons and published by Bongo Comics in the United States.
 The first comic strips based on "The Simpsons" appeared in 1991 in the magazine "Simpsons Illustrated" (not to be confused with the comic publications from 2012 bearing the same name), which was a companion magazine to the show.
 The comic strips were popular and a one-shot comic book entitled "Simpsons Comics and Stories", containing three different stories, was released in 1993 for the fans.
 The book was a success and due to this, the creator of "The Simpsons", Matt Groening, and his companions Bill Morrison, Mike Rote, Steve Vance and Cindy Vance created the publishing company Bongo Comics.
 By the end of 1993, Bongo was publishing four titles: "Simpsons Comics", "Bartman", "Radioactive Man" and "Itchy & Scratchy Comics".
 Since then, many more titles have been published, out of which "Simpsons Comics", "Bart Simpson", "Bart Simpson's Treehouse of Horror", "Simpsons Super Spectacular", Simpsons Summer Shindig, and "Simpsons Winter Wingding".
Boiled Angel was an independent comic book by Florida-based underground comic book artist Mike Diana in the early 1990s.
 The comic contained graphic depictions of a variety of taboo and gory subject matters.
 It effectively became the first comic book in the United States to cause its creator to be convicted for artistic obscenity.
Lucky Number Slevin, known as The Wrong Man in Australia, is a 2006 crime thriller film directed by Paul McGuigan, written by Jason Smilovic, and starring Josh Hartnett, Bruce Willis, Lucy Liu, Stanley Tucci, Morgan Freeman, and Ben Kingsley.
