Saint Michael the Archangel Church (St. Michael Church) is located on the west side of the city of Monroe, Michigan along the River Raisin.
 It is home to 1,200 families and it is one of most important religious institutes in Monroe County.
 It was founded in the year 1852.
 The present building was built from 1866-1867.
 It is in the Archdiocese of Detroit.
 Its current priest is Rev. Phillip Ching.
 When the parish was first established, the mayor of Monroe palatial residence was remodeled as a temporary church.
 It was used as a church on the first floor and on the second it was used for the school.
 Later it would only be used as St. Michael School.
 Then in 1866 the cornerstone for the present church was laid.
 The large 187 foot steeple wasn't added until 1883.
 In 1874 the 3-story rectory was built east of the church.
 In 1918 the parish built the present building of St. Michael School which is now a part of Monroe Catholic Elementary Schools.
 The movement to establish the parish started in 1845 by 14 German immigrants who wanted to worship in their native language.
 The only nearby church was St. Mary of the Immaculate Conception right across the river where St. Michael stands today.
 St. Mary's only worshiped in French and wouldn't hold services in other languages like German and Irish.
 The German and Irish families were forced to move to the second floor of the rectory to have mass in their native languages.
 When the German families were able to acquire land they were eager to leave St. Mary's to start a parish of their own.
 They first purchased an empty lot Humphrey Street but the plan was soon abandoned.
 They then purchased the first mayor of Monroe's estate to build the church and it remains the current site of the church.
St. Mary's Catholic Church is a church located on the corner of Transit (New York State Route 78) and Stahley roads in Swormville, New York, in the United States.
 Originally known as St. Mary’s Church of the Assumption at Transit, the building was constructed of about 260,000 bricks.
 John Nepomucene Neumann (later to be named St. John Neumann) started to visit Swormville, celebrating mass in local homes, barns and fields.
 In 1839 he instructed that a small house would be made to hold mass.
 Bishop John Timon established the first catholic church (St. Mary's) of the town of Clarence, New York.
 In 1861, Father Michael Schinabeak made plans for a church to be constructed.
 Construction began in 1862 and finished in fall of 1865.
 The official opening of the Church was in January 1866.
 In 2010 a new Church was constructed behind the old St. Mary's.
St. Mary of the Seven Sorrows Church (commonly St. Mary's Catholic Church and formerly the Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin of the Seven) is a historic Catholic parish in downtown Nashville, Tennessee, United States.
 Its church at 330 5th Avenue, N. in Nashville, Tennessee, built in 1845, it is the oldest extant church in Nashville and the oldest Catholic church in what is now the Diocese of Nashville.
 St. Mary replaced the diocese's first church, Holy Rosary, which had been erected previously on the site today occupied by the Tennessee State Capitol.
The First Council of Constantinople (Greek: Πρώτη σύνοδος της Κωνσταντινουπόλεως commonly known as Greek: Β΄ Οικουμενική , "Second Ecumenical"; Latin: "Concilium Constantinopolitanum Primum" or Latin: "Concilium Constantinopolitanum A" ) was a council of Christian bishops convened in Constantinople in AD 381 by the Roman Emperor Theodosius I.
 This second ecumenical council, an effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom, confirmed the Nicene Creed, expanding the doctrine thereof to produce the Niceno–Constantinopolitan Creed, and dealt with sundry other matters.
 It met from May to July 381 in the Church of Hagia Irene and was affirmed as ecumenical in 451 at the Council of Chalcedon.
Hagia Irene or Hagia Eirene (Ancient Greek: Ἁγία Εἰρήνη , Byzantine ] , "Holy Peace", Turkish: "Aya İrini" ), sometimes known also as Saint Irene, is a Greek Eastern Orthodox church located in the outer courtyard of Topkapı Palace in Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is one of the few churches in Istanbul that has not been converted into a mosque.
 The Hagia Irene today operates as a museum and concert hall.
St Mary de Lode Church, Archdeacon Street, Gloucester GL1 2QT, is a Church of England church immediately outside the grounds of Gloucester Cathedral.
 It is believed by some to be on the site of the first Christian church in Britain.
 The church is in the Diocese of Gloucester and Grade I listed by English Heritage.
 It has also been known as "St. Mary Before the Gate of St. Peter", "St. Mary Broad Gate" and "St. Mary De Port".
St. Mary's Episcopal Church, also known as St. Mary's, Foggy Bottom or St. Mary's Chapel, is a historic Episcopal church located at 730 23rd Street, N.W. in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington, D.C..
 On April 2, 1973, St. Mary's Episcopal Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Old Church of St. George, commonly called "Little George's" in Hill Street (formerly Temple Street Lower) Parish of St. Mary, Dublin was built in 1668 by the Eccles family for their workmen and also as a chapel-of-ease to the nearby St. Mary's Church.
 However, that St. Mary's Church was not St. Mary's Church, Dublin as its foundation stone was laid in 1700, and it was not St. Mary's Abbey, Dublin as it was dissolved in 1539.
 Therefore St George's church, Hill Street, may have been a Chapel-of-Ease to St. Michan's Church in Church Street.
 The main body of the church, with the exception of the tower, was demolished in 1894.
St. Mary's Catholic Church, also known as St. Mary of the Visitation Church, is a parish church of the Diocese of Davenport which is located at 228 E. Jefferson St. in Iowa City, Iowa, United States.
 The church building and rectory are listed together on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 They were both included as contributing properties in the Jefferson Street Historic District in 2004.
 The parish's first rectory, which is now a private home, is also listed on the National Register as St. Mary's Rectory.
 It is located a few blocks to the east of the present church location at 610 E. Jefferson St.
St. Mary's Church is a Catholic parish located in Ballston Spa, New York.
 It is located within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Albany.
 Father Thomas J. Kelly is the current pastor.
 St. Mary's is the fourth oldest parish in the Diocese.
 St. Mary's of Ballston Spa is partnered with St. Mary's of Galway, after the pastor at St. Mary's of Galway died and no replacement was available.
