The Sturgeon River Waterway Provincial Park consists of 33.5 km2 of protected wilderness along the Sturgeon River, starting at Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater Provincial Park in the Timiskaming District in Ontario, Canada, and ends south of the Obabika River and Lower Goose Falls.
 The park is one of the several provincial parks located in the Temagami area.
 It also connects with Solace Provincial Park, Chiniguchi Waterway Provincial Park, and Obabika River Provincial Park.
 All parks are managed by Ontario Parks.
Entiako Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the south flank of the Nechako River watercourse .
 It was formerly part of Tweedsmuir Provincial Park until that park was broken up; its sibling parks from that change are Tweedsmuir North Provincial Park and Protected Area and Tweedsmuir South Provincial Park.
Dune Za Keyih Provincial Park and Protected Area, also known as the Frog-Gataga Provincial Park, is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
 It is part of the larger Muskwa-Kechika Management Area and is located in the area of the Gataga River, between Denetiah Provincial Park, which lies west across the Kechika River, and Kwadacha Wilderness Provincial Park to its east.
 Established in 2001 as Frog-Gataga, the park is 330,254 ha.
 in area; its newer name is a Kaska Dena translation of Frog-Gataga.
Adams Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
 It encompasses three distinct parks: Adams Lake (Bush Creek Site) Provincial Park, Adams Lake Marine Provincial Park (Poplar Point Site), and Adams Lake Marine Provincial Park (Spillman Beach Site).
Atikaki Provincial Park is a wilderness park in Manitoba, Canada located east of Lake Winnipeg along the Ontario boundary in the Canadian Shield.
 The area of Atikaki Provincial Park is 3,981 km (1537 sq. mi.)
.
 Atikaki Provincial Park is north of Nopiming Provincial Park and borders the Woodland Caribou Provincial Park in Ontario.
Woodland Caribou Provincial Park is a provincial park in northwestern Ontario, Canada, west of Red Lake.
 It borders eastern Manitoba, and is made up of Canadian Shield and boreal forest.
 Woodland Caribou Provincial Park is a wilderness park of 450,000 ha .
 The parks western boundary is shared with Atikaki Provincial Park and Nopiming Provincial Park in the province of Manitoba.
Flores Island Marine Provincial Park, also known as Flores Island Provincial Park, is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the island of the same name in the central Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
 The park contains 7113 ha.
 and was created on July 13, 1995 as part of the Clayoqout Land-Use Decision.
 Gibson Marine Provincial Park, which was created in 1967, adjoins it to the southeast.
 Sulphur Passage Provincial Park is off the northeast coast of Flores Island, surrounding Obstruction Island.
Kootenay Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
 It encompasses five widely dispersed parks around Kootenay Lake: Kootenay Lake Provincial Park (Davis Creek site), Kootenay Lake Provincial Park (Lost Ledge sites), Kootenay Lake Provincial Park (Midge Creek site), Kootenay Lake Provincial Park (Campbell Bay site), and Kootenay Lake Provincial Park (Coffee Creek site).
Epper Passage Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of Vargas Island in the Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
 Also on Vargas Island is Vargas Island Provincial Park.
 Other provincial parks nearby are Flores Island Marine Provincial Park, Gibson Marine Provincial Park, Maquinna Marine Provincial Park, Sydney Inlet Provincial Park, Dawley Passage Provincial Park and Hesquiat Peninsula Provincial Park.
 The park was created as part of the Clayoquot Land-Use Decision on July 13, 1995 and contains approximately 306 ha.
Herald Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
