Mehmed VI (Ottoman Turkish: محمد السادس‎ "Meḥmed-i sâdis", وحيد الدين "Vahideddin", Turkish: "Vahideddin" or "VI.
 Mehmed" ), who is also known as "Şahbaba" (meaning "Emperor-father") among his relatives, (14 January 1861 – 16 May 1926) was the 36th and last Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, reigning from 1918 to 1922.
 The brother of Mehmed V, he acceded to the throne as the eldest male member of the House of Osman after the 1916 suicide of Abdülaziz's son Şehzade Yusuf Izzeddin, the heir to the throne.
 He was girded with the Sword of Osman on 4 July 1918, as the thirty-sixth "padishah".
 His father was Sultan Abdülmecid I and mother was Gülüstü Hanım (1830 – 1865), an ethnic Abkhazian, daughter of Prince Tahir Bey Çaçba and his wife Afişe Lakerba, originally named Fatma Çaçba.
 Mehmed was removed from the throne when the Ottoman sultanate was abolished in 1922.
The Leeds Mercury was a newspaper published in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
 It was published from 1718 to 1755 and again from 1767.
 Initially it consisted of 12 pages and cost three halfpennies.
 In 1794 it had a circulation of about 3,000 copies, and in 1797 the cost rose to sixpence because of increased stamp duty.
 It appeared weekly until 1855, then three times a week until 1861 when stamp duty was abolished and it became a daily paper costing one penny.
The Crown Prince of Thailand (or Siam; Thai: สยามมกุฎราชกุมาร ; rtgs: Sayammakutratchakuman ) is a title held by the heir apparent to the Thai throne.
 First created by King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) in 1886, for his son Prince Maha Vajirunhis, the king's eldest son by a royal wife Queen Savang Vadhana.
 Prior to this, the Siamese throne did not have a law or formal system regulating the royal succession.
 In 1688 King Petracha of Ayutthaya created the title of Front Palace, which by the Rattanakosin period had become the main title granted to the heir presumptive to the throne.
 However few Front Palaces have succeeded to the throne this way, with the exception of King Buddha Loetla Nabhalai (Rama II) in 1809.
 After the Front Palace crisis in 1875, the title of Front Palace was abolished and replaced with the title of Crown Prince, who became heir apparent to the throne.
The Gran i General Consell (Catalan: "Great and General Council") was the supreme political, administrative, and representative organ of the Kingdom of Majorca.
 Since the Kingdom of Majorca did not have courts, the Gran i General Consell took over most of the functions they would otherwise have had, including the role of a representative body.
 The Gran i General Consell evolved from the Catalan municipal councils, especially that of the City of Majorca (present-day Palma de Mallorca.
 The body that was to become the Gran i General Consell was founded in 1249, and the Consell was abolished on 22 July 1718 by Philip V, empowered by the Nova Planta Decree of Majorca and Ibiza (28 November 1715).
 At the same time, all other separate Majorcan institutions were dissolved.
The Lithuanian Education Society Rytas (Lithuanian: "Lietuvių švietimo draugija „Rytas“" ; "rytas" means "morning" or "dawn") was a Roman Catholic society fostering education in the Lithuanian language mostly in the Vilnius Region, then fiercely contested between Lithuania and the Second Polish Republic, now split between Lithuanian and Belarus.
 Established in 1913, the society maintained some 100 primary schools (mostly one-room schools), 50 evening classes, and Teacher's Seminary in Vilnius (Wilno, Vilna) in 1927.
 Due to political tensions between Poland and Lithuania as well as wider Polonization policies, Rytas faced increasing difficulties and restrictions in maintaining its schools.
 Similar situation existed with Polish schools in Lithuania (see Lithuanization).
 The situation continued to worsen as both sides increased restrictions in retribution.
 As schools were closed, Rytas shifted its focus to maintaining community reading rooms.
 After the death of Józef Piłsudski in 1935, the rooms were often raided by police and closed.
 Eventually, the society was abolished by Polish authorities in February 1938.
 Only the Vytautas the Great Gymnasium was allowed to operate.
 After the Polish ultimatum of March 1938, diplomatic relations were established between Poland and Lithuania and Rytas was allowed to operate again in May 1939.
 It could not resume its activities due to World War II and was abolished again soon after the occupation of Lithuania by the Soviet Union in June 1940.
 The society, with the same mission of promoting Lithuanian-language education, was reestablished in 2004.
Prince Hridayendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev of Nepal (Nepali: हृदयेन्द्र शाह )(born 30 July 2002) was a member of the Nepalese Royal Family (now abolished) and was the second in line to the then Nepal's royal throne.
 The monarchy was officially abolished on 28 May 2008.
 Until the abolition of the monarchy he was known in Nepal by the title Nava Yuvaraj.
Earl Cowper (pronounced "Cooper") was a title in the Peerage of Great Britain.
 It was created in 1718 by George I for William Cowper, 1st Baron Cowper, his first Lord Chancellor, with remainder in default of male issue of his own to his younger brother, Spencer Cowper.
 Cowper had already been created Baron Cowper of Wingham in the County of Kent, in the Peerage of England on 14 December 1706, with normal remainder to the heirs male of his body, and was made Viscount Fordwich, in the County of Kent, at the same time as he was given the earldom, also Peerage of Great Britain and with similar remainder.
 He was the great-grandson of William Cowper, who was created a Baronet, of Ratling Court in the County of Kent, in the Baronetage of England on 4 March 1642.
 The latter was succeeded by his grandson, the second Baronet.
 He represented Hertford in Parliament.
 He was succeeded by his eldest son, the aforementioned William Cowper, the third Baronet, who was elevated to the peerage as Baron Cowper in 1706 and made Earl Cowper in 1718.
 In 1706 Lord Cowper married as his second wife Mary Clavering, daughter of John Clavering, of Chopwell, County Durham.
Levan (Georgian: ლევანი ) (1573–1590), of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king of Imereti from 1585 to 1588.
 He succeeded on the death of his father, George II, in 1585 when he was twelve years old.
 With his ascend to the throne, Leon faced a revolt by his own uncle, Constantine, who defied the royal authority and took control of Upper Imereti.
 Leon made an alliance with the Mingrelian prince Mamia IV Dadiani, married his sister Marekhi, and forced Constantine to surrender in 1587.
 A year later, Imereti was invaded by Simon I, the resurgent king of Kartli in eastern Georgia, who sought to reunify all Georgian lands under his crown.
 Leon was forced to flee to the highland province of Lechkhumi, but was soon able to resume the throne after Simon had to return to Kartli.
 However, Leon soon quarreled with his brother-in-law Mamia IV Dadiani who defeated the king and imprisoned him at Fort Shkheti, Mingrelia, where he died in 1590.
The succession order to the throne of the Romanian monarchy, abolished since 1947, was regulated by the monarchical constitution of 1923 and the 1884 Law of the Romanian Royal House Rules enacted pursuant to the 1866 Constitution of Romania which had confirmed the enthronement of Prince Karl (Carol) of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen.
 The defunct 1923 Constitution stipulated Salic law, according to which the throne was hereditary in King Carol I's legitimate descent and, if his male issue failed, in the descent of his brothers of the Sigmaringen princely branch of the House of Hohenzollern, according to agnatic primogeniture and to the perpetual exclusion of females and their descendants.
 The last monarch to reign in Romania was King Michael I, who was born in 1921, abdicated his throne on 30 December 1947 under coercion, and went into exile in Switzerland.
Miles Barne (October 1718 – 27 December 1780) was a British land-owner and a Member of Parliament for Dunwich between 1747 and 1754, and again between 1764 and 1777.
 Born into a family long associated with London merchant circles, Barne accumulated sufficient wealth to purchase an estate in Suffolk and became prominent amongst local freeman.
 Dunwich in Suffolk, his constituency, was a pocket borough, controlled by the Downing land-owning family; Barne, the local Vanneck family and the freemen of the borough slowly ousted the Downings' influence and Barne established himself as one of the town's new members, which gave his family the seat until it was abolished in the 1832 Reforms.
