The Ptolemaic dynasty (Ancient Greek: Πτολεμαῖοι , "Ptolemaioi"), sometimes also known as the Lagids or Lagidae (Ancient Greek: Λαγίδαι , "Lagidai", after Lagus, Ptolemy I's father), was a Macedonian Greek royal family, which ruled the Ptolemaic Kingdom in Egypt during the Hellenistic period.
 Their rule lasted for 275 years, from 305 to 30 BC.
 They were the last dynasty of ancient Egypt.
Antiochus III the Great (Greek: Ἀντίoχoς Μέγας ; c. 241187 BC, ruled 222–187 BC) was a Hellenistic Greek king and the 6th ruler of the Seleucid Empire.
 He ruled over the region of Syria and large parts of the rest of western Asia towards the end of the 3rd century BC.
 Rising to the throne at the age of eighteen in 222 BC, his early campaigns against the Ptolemaic Kingdom were unsuccessful, but in the following years Antiochus gained several military victories and substantially expanded the empire's territory.
 His traditional designation, "the Great", reflects an epithet he assumed.
 He also assumed the title "Basileus Megas" (Greek for "Great King"), the traditional title of the Persian kings.
 A militarily active ruler, Antiochus restored much of the territory of the Seleucid Empire, before suffering a serious setback, towards the end of his reign, in his war against Rome.
Ptolemy II Philadelphus (, "Ptolemaîos Philádelphos" ≈ Ptolemy Beloved of his Sibling; 309–246 BCE) was the king of Ptolemaic Egypt from 283 to 246 BCE.
 He was the son of the founder of the Ptolemaic kingdom Ptolemy I Soter and Berenice, and was educated by Philitas of Cos.
 He had two half-brothers, Ptolemy Keraunos and Meleager, who both became kings of Macedonia (in 281 BCE and 279 BCE respectively), and who both died in the Gallic invasion of 280–279 BCE.
 Ptolemy was first married to Arsinoë I, daughter of Lysimachus, who was the mother of his legitimate children; after her repudiation he married his full sister Arsinoë II, the widow of Lysimachus.
The Roman province of Egypt (Latin: "Aegyptus" , ] ; Greek: Αἴγυπτος "Aigyptos" ] ) was established in 30 BC after Octavian (the future emperor Augustus) defeated his rival Mark Antony, deposed his lover Queen Cleopatra VII and annexed the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt to the Roman Empire.
 The province encompassed most of modern-day Egypt except for the Sinai Peninsula (which would later be conquered by Trajan).
 Aegyptus was bordered by the provinces of Creta et Cyrenaica to the West and Iudaea (later Arabia Petraea) to the East.
The name Ptolemy or Ptolemaeus comes from the Greek "Ptolemaios", which seems to mean "warlike" or "son of war".
 There have been many people named Ptolemy or Ptolemaeus, the most famous of whom are the Greek-Egyptian astronomer Claudius Ptolemaeus, and the Macedonian founder and ruler of the Ptolemaic Kingdom in Egypt, Ptolemy I Soter.
 The following sections summarise the history of the name, some of the people named Ptolemy, and some of the other uses of this name.
The Ptolemaic army was the army of the Ptolemaic Macedonian kings that ruled Egypt from 305 to 30 BC.
 Like most of the other armies of the Diadochi, it was very much Macedonian in style, with the use of the long pike ("sarissa") in a deep phalanx formation.
 Despite the strength of the Ptolemaic army, evinced in 217 BC with the victory over the Seleucids at the Battle of Raphia, the Ptolemaic kingdom itself fell into decline and by the time of Julius Caesar, it was but a mere client-kingdom of the Roman Republic.
 The army by the time of Caesar’s campaigns in the eastern Mediterranean was a mere shadow of its former self: generally, a highly disorganized assemblage of mercenaries and other foreign troops.
Polycrates of Argos, son of Mnasiades, was a Ptolemaic commander at the Battle of Raphia, as well as a governor of Cyprus and chancellor of the Ptolemaic Kingdom in the late third and early second centuries BC.
Egypt–Italy relations refer to relations between Egypt and Italy.
 Relations were first established during the period of the Roman Republic, when the Ptolemaic Kingdom frequently interacted with Rome, culminating in the Roman annexation of Egypt in 30 BC.
 With the dissolution of the Western Roman Empire in 476 AD and Egypt's continuation as a province of the Eastern Roman Empire until the Islamic conquest in 642 AD, there were no independent states of Italy and Egypt, and as such no diplomatic relations.
 Cultural ties between Egypt and Italy distanced further over time with the Islamisation of Egypt and the strength of Catholicism in Italy.
 It would not be until Egypt's official independence from the Ottomans in 1914 that relations with Italy would be reestablished.
 With the rise of Mussolini and fascism in Italy and the eventual Italian invasion of Egypt during World War II, relations became severely strained.
 However, after the war, relations were re-established and the countries now have a cordial relationship.
 Egypt has an embassy in both Rome and Milan, while Italy has an embassy in both Cairo and Alexandria.
 Egypt and Italy are both members of the Union for the Mediterranean.
Cleopatra VII Philopator (Greek: Κλεοπάτρα Φιλοπάτωρ ; 69 – August 12, 30 BC), known to history simply as Cleopatra, was the last active ruler of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt, briefly survived as pharaoh by her son Caesarion.
 After her reign, Egypt became a province of the recently established Roman Empire.
The Ptolemaic Kingdom ( ; Ancient Greek: Πτολεμαϊκὴ βασιλεία , "Ptolemaïkḕ basileía") was a Hellenistic kingdom based in Egypt.
 It was ruled by the Ptolemaic dynasty which started with Ptolemy I Soter's accession after the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC and which ended with the death of Cleopatra VII and the Roman conquest in 30 BC.
