The Malfated are an independent guitar band from London, England, who gained a cult following using online websites such as MySpace.
 The band formed in 2004, and were one of the first UK bands to join MySpace in 2004.
 They use a drum machine, which they call 'Bel The Expendable Drum Machine'.
 Line ups have gone through various changes, Karl Steiger being the only constant.
 The current line up of The Malfated is Karl Steiger (vocals, bass, keyboards, percussion) and Robert Ackerman (all guitars, bass, keyboards).
In music, a guitar chord is a set of notes played on a guitar.
 A chord's notes are often played simultaneously, but they can be played sequentially in an arpeggio.
In music, a counter-melody (often countermelody) is a sequence of notes, perceived as a melody, written to be played simultaneously with a more prominent lead melody: a secondary melody played in counterpoint with the primary melody.
 A counter-melody performs a subordinate role, and is typically heard in a texture consisting of a melody plus accompaniment.
The Madal (Nepali: मादल ), is used mainly for rhythm-keeping in Nepalese folk music, is the most popular and widely used as hand drum in Nepal.
 The Madal consists of a cylindrical body with a slight bulge at its center and heads at both ends, one head larger than the other.
 It is usually played horizontally in a seated position, with both heads played simultaneously.
The term guban () refers collectively to a small drum and "paiban" (clapper), which are played simultaneously, by a single player, in traditional Chinese music.
The Roland TR-909 Rhythm Composer is a drum machine introduced by the Roland Corporation in 1983.
 It was the first Roland drum machine to use samples (for its cymbal and hi-hat sounds) alongside analog sounds.
 Designed by Tadao Kikumoto, who also designed the Roland TB-303 synthesizer, the 909 features a 16-step step sequencer and drum sounds that aimed for realism and cost-effectiveness.
 It is fully programmable, and like its predecessor, the TR-808, it can store entire songs with multiple sections, as opposed to simply storing patterns.
 It was the first MIDI-equipped drum machine.
 Around 10,000 units were produced.
Electribe is the name given to a group of electronic musical instruments by Korg.
 From its beginnings with the Electribe R to the ESX-1, this series includes both analogue modeling synthesizers and sampling drum machines that can be programmed the same as a drum machine.
 The analogue modeling synth and sampling drum machine both share a "drum-pattern" section and a "synth-pattern" section, whereby the user can not only program drum patterns, but also synth and basslines.
 These hybrid machines could be considered 'grooveboxes'.
Journey is the third and final studio album by British experimental rock band Kingdom Come.
 After the band featured drastically different styles on their first two albums, and after several line-up changes, band leader Arthur Brown worked the band towards a new direction for "Journey".
 The album was the first album in history to use a drum machine responsible for all the percussive sounds on the album.
 The drum machine in question was the Bentley Rhythm Ace, manufactured by Ace Tone.
 Although the band had commented the album was entirely based on the drum machine, the band attempted to, in rock and electronic terms, create an album that was the closest they could get "to a string quartet".
 The album features other experimental techniques, including using a triangle to guide guitar playing and excessive use of Mellotron and synthesizers from new member Victor Peranio, who replaced Michael "Goodge" Harris early on production.
The Movement Drum System I/II (generally referred to as the Movement MCS Percussion Computer) was a very rare British-made drum machine produced approximately between 1981 (MKI) and 1983 (MKII).
 Both retailed at £1999.00 ex vat at March 1983 from 'Movement Audio Visual', 61 Taunton Road, Bridgwater, Somerset, TA6 3LP, UK.
 Both models combined two technologies; analogue synthesized drum sounds similar to Simmons SDS-V and basic digital 8-bit drum samples.
 In total 14 independent voice modules could be played (5 of which can be digital).
 Also notable for its computer-like design and its ability to display drum notes and sequencing graphically on a green black cathode ray tube display unit perhaps similar to page R on the fairlight CMI.
 The Movement Drum Systems are known to have been expensive upon release, and it is estimated that approximately thirty were made.
The Boss Doctor Rhythm DR-110 Graphic is a drum machine produced by the Boss product division of the Japanese Roland Corporation in 1983.
 It featured advances in technology compared to previous Roland drum machines: it had an LCD graphic display, showing a step-programming grid for the various drum voices.
 The DR-110 allowed the drum sounds to be played manually from rubber pads (as well as programmed).
 Like all Roland's previous drum machines, the DR-110's synthesized drum "voices" (synthesizer sounds) used analog synthesizer circuits.
 Tempo was continuously variable between 45 and 300 beats per minute (BPM).
 The DR-110 used a 4-bit Hitachi microprocessor and 1KB of μPD444C RAM memory.
