Southwell Minster or is a minster and cathedral, in Southwell, Nottinghamshire, England.
 It is situated six miles from Newark-on-Trent and thirteen miles from Mansfield.
 It is the seat of the Bishop of Southwell and Nottingham and the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham.
Southwell Minster School is a Church of England school and sixth form located in Southwell, Nottinghamshire, England for children aged 8 to 18.
 In December 2011 the School was graded Outstanding by Ofsted, in 30 out of 31 areas, among only 3% of schools in the country.
 The school provides both boy and girl choristers to Southwell Minster.
The Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham is a Church of England diocese in the Province of York.
 It is headed by the Bishop of Southwell and Nottingham.
 The diocese covers all of the English county of Nottinghamshire and part of South Yorkshire.
 The cathedral, (Southwell Minster), is in the small town of Southwell.
 The diocese is bordered by those of Derby, Leicester, Lincoln, and Sheffield.
The Dean of Southwell is the head ("primus inter pares" – first among equals) and chair of the chapter of canons, the ruling body of Southwell Minster.
 The dean and chapter are based at the "Cathedral and Parish Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary" in Southwell, Nottinghamshire.
 Before 2000 the post was designated as a provost, which was then the equivalent of a dean at most English cathedrals.
 The cathedral is the mother church of the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham and seat of the Bishop of Southwell and Nottingham.
 The current dean is Nicola Sullivan.
The Convent of the Epiphany, Truro, Cornwall, UK, was the home of the Community of the Epiphany, founded in 1883.
 The founder of the community was George Wilkinson, Bishop of Truro.
 George Wilkinson was afterwards Bishop of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane.
 The sisters were involved in pastoral and educational work, the care of Truro Cathedral and St Paul's Church, and church needlework.
 The head of the community was the Mother Superior and there was a branch house at Penzance.
Minster is an honorific title given to particular churches in England, most famously York Minster in York, Westminster in London and Southwell Minster in Southwell.
 The term "minster" is first found in royal foundation charters of the 7th century.
 Although it corresponds to the Latin "monasterium" or monastery, it then designated any settlement of clergy living a communal life and endowed by charter with the obligation of maintaining the daily office of prayer.
 Widespread in 10th-century Anglo-Saxon England, minsters declined in importance with the systematic introduction of parishes and parish churches from the 11th century onwards.
 It continued as a title of dignity in later medieval England, for instances where a cathedral, monastery, collegiate church or parish church had originated with an Anglo-Saxon foundation.
 Eventually a minster came to refer more generally to "any large or important church, especially a collegiate or cathedral church".
 In the 21st century, the Church of England has designated additional minsters by bestowing the status on existing parish churches.
The Dean of Truro is the head ("primus inter pares" – first among equals) and chair of the chapter of canons, the ruling body of Truro Cathedral.
 The dean and chapter are based at the "Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary" in Truro.
 The cathedral is the mother church of the Diocese of Truro and seat of the Bishop of Truro.
 The current dean is Roger Bush.
Southwell ( or ) is a town in Nottinghamshire, England, best known as the site of Southwell Minster, the seat of the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham, the Church of England diocese that covers Nottinghamshire.
 Its population is about 6,900, being measured as 7,297 at the 2011 Census.
 The origin of Southwell's name is not clear, but there a number of locations which claim to be the original "well", most notably at GR [ SK708535] where a plaque has been placed; in the Admiral Rodney public house; one on the south side of the minster which was called Lady Well in the 19th century; and one by the cloisters called Holy Well.
 Norwell approximately eight miles northwest may support the notion of there being "south" and "north" wells in the area.
 The town lies on the River Greet, approximately 14 miles (22 km) northeast of Nottingham.
 In addition to the Minster (the cathedral and parish church of St Mary of Southwell), there are a number of other historic buildings in the town, notably the impressive prebendal houses along Church Street and Westgate, and the town's Methodist church has the unusual feature of an old right-of-way running underneath it, necessitating a larger upstairs than downstairs seating capacity.
 The old workhouse, built in 1824, was the prototype for many others around the country.
 It is now owned by the National Trust and recreates the same appearance and conditions as it did in the 19th century.
There are only three cathedrals in the United Kingdom with three spires. Lichfield Cathedral, dating from the 13th and early 14th centuries is the only medieval cathedral.
 Between the 14th and 16th centuries Lincoln Cathedral also had three spires, but the central spire collapsed in a storm and was not rebuilt thereafter.
 Both Truro Cathedral, Cornwall (late 19th–early 20th century) and St Mary's Episcopal Cathedral, Edinburgh (late 19th century) were built in the Gothic Revival style and also have three spires.
Truro Cathedral School was a Church of England school for boys in Truro, Cornwall.
 An ancient school refounded in 1549 as the Truro Grammar School, after the establishment of Truro Cathedral in the last quarter of the 19th century it was responsible for educating the cathedral's choristers and became known as the Cathedral School.
