Quando Eu Era Vivo (English: When I Was Alive ) is a 2014 Brazilian drama-thriller film directed by Marco Dutra, based on the novel "A Arte de Produzir Efeito Sem Causa" by Lourenço Mutarelli.
4 a.m. is the debut novel of Scottish author Nina de la Mer.
 It was first published in the UK on 26 August 2011 by Brighton-based publishing house Myriad Editions.
 The novel draws on the author's personal experiences and research, covering rave culture of the 90s and peacetime life in the British Army.
Before We Say Goodbye, first published as Prima di Lasciarsi, is a 2004 novel by Gabriella Ambrosio.
 The work is based on the 2002 Kiryat HaYovel supermarket bombing and narrates the final hours in the lives of the suicide bomber and her victims.
 It was first published in Italy in 2004 through Nutrimenti, and was later published in English on 2 August 2010 through Walker Books.
 The novel has been published in multiple languages, including Arabic and Hebrew, and has been endorsed by Amnesty International.
The Witch's Daughter is a children's novel by Nina Bawden, first published in 1966.
 It has been dramatised for television twice, with Fiona Kennedy (1971) and Sammy Glenn (1996) in the title role.
Drained, (Portuguese: O Cheiro do Ralo_ is a 2006 Brazilian dark comedy film based on a novel by Lourenço Mutarelli.
 It was directed by Heitor Dhalia, and stars Selton Mello.
 The film was produced by Geração Conteúdo, Primo Filmes & RT Features.
Buckskin Brigades is a Western novel written by L. Ron Hubbard, first published July 30, 1937.
 The work was Hubbard's first hard-covered book, and his first published novel.
 The next year he became a contributor to "Astounding Science Fiction".
 Winfred Blevins wrote the introduction to the book.
 Some sources state that as a young man, Hubbard became a blood brother to the Piegan Blackfeet Native American tribe while living in Montana, though this claim is disputed.
 Hubbard incorporates historical background from the Blackfeet tribe into the book.
The Birds on the Trees is a novel by Nina Bawden first published in 1970 about a middle-class English family whose 19-year-old son does not live up to his parents' expectations.
Three Comrades (German: "Drei Kameraden" ) is a novel first published in 1936 by the German author Erich Maria Remarque.
 It is written in first person by the main character Robert Lohkamp, whose somewhat disillusioned outlook on life is due to his horrifying experiences in the trenches of the First World War's French-German front.
 He shares these experiences with Otto Köster and Gottfried Lenz, his two comrades with whom he runs an auto-repair shop in late 1920s Berlin (probably).
 Remarque wrote the novel in exile and it was first published in Dutch translation as "Drie kameraden", with English translation following soon in "Good Housekeeping" from January to March 1937 and in the book form in the same year.
 First German language edition was published in 1938 by exile publisher "Querido" in Amsterdam, but the novel was published in Germany only in 1951.
The Golden Hour is a children's novel by Maiya Williams.
 It was first published in 2004 and is the first of the Golden Hour time travel series.
 It tells the story of Rowan Popplewell and his sister, Nina, who, while emotionally disturbed by the death of their mother, travel back in time to the French Revolution.
Spirit of the Border is an historical novel written by Zane Grey, first published in 1906.
 The novel is based on events occurring in the Ohio River Valley in the late eighteenth century.
 It features the exploits of Lewis Wetzel, a historical personage who had dedicated his life to the destruction of Native Americans and to the protection of nascent white settlements in that region.
 The story deals with the attempt by Moravian Church missionaries to Christianize Indians and how two brothers' lives take different paths upon their arrival on the border.
 A highly romanticized account, the novel is the second in a trilogy, the first of which is "Betty Zane", Grey's first published work, and "The Last Trail", which focuses on the life of Jonathan Zane, Grey's ancestor.
