Lilli Camille Schweiger (born 17 July 1998) is a German child actress.
 She is best known for her performance in the 2007 film "Keinohrhasen" and its 2009 sequel "Zweiohrküken", both of which were directed by her father Til Schweiger.
Maher Sabry (in Arabic ماهر صبري, born 11 April 1967) is an Egyptian theater director, playwright, film director, producer and screenwriter, poet, writer and cartoonist.
Kokowääh 2 is a 2013 German film directed by Til Schweiger.
 It is a sequel to the 2011 film "Kokowääh".
 It was released in German–speaking countries (Germany, Austria and Switzerland) on 7 February 2013.
 The film stars Til Schweiger, his daughter Emma Tiger Schweiger, Jasmin Gerat and Samuel Finzi reprising their roles from the first film.
Kokowääh is a 2011 German film directed by Til Schweiger.
 It was released in German–speaking countries (Germany, Austria and Switzerland) on 3 February 2011.
 The film stars Til Schweiger, his daughter Emma Tiger Schweiger, Jasmin Gerat and Samuel Finzi.
 Another of Schweiger's daughters, Luna Schweiger, makes a small appearance in the film.
 "Kokowääh" is an onomatopoetic depiction of the French pronunciation of coq au vin.
 A sequel, "Kokowääh 2", was released on 7 February 2013 with Schweiger having returned as director, co-writer and producer.
One Way is a 2006 crime drama/psychological thriller film written and directed by Reto Salimbeni and produced by Til Schweiger.
 The film stars Schweiger, Michael Clarke Duncan, Lauren Lee Smith and Eric Roberts.
 The international production was shot in Toronto, New York City, Vancouver and Cologne and was co-produced and distributed by Universal International Pictures.
Barfuss (English: Barefoot) is a romantic comedy film by German actor and director Til Schweiger released in 2005.
 It tells the story of Nick (Til Schweiger), a hedonistic bachelor, who helps and eventually falls in love with Leila, an escaped mental patient portrayed by Johanna Wokalek.
 Schweiger also co-wrote the screenplay which is based on American screenwriter Stephen Zotnowski's original screenplay and story "Barefoot".
Knockin' on Heaven's Door is a 1997 German criminal comedy, by Thomas Jahn, starring Til Schweiger, Moritz Bleibtreu, Jan Josef Liefers and Rutger Hauer.
 Its name derives from the Bob Dylan song which is also on the film's soundtrack.
 It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival where Til Schweiger won the Silver St. George for Best Actor.
Zweiohrküken (lit.
 "Two-eared chick", English title: Rabbit Without Ears 2) is a 2009 German romantic comedy film, written, produced and directed by Til Schweiger.
 A sequel to 2007's "Keinohrhasen" ("Rabbit Without Ears"), it was co-written by Anika Decker and Schweiger, starring Schweiger and Nora Tschirner as former yellow press reporter Ludo and his girlfriend Anna.
All My Life (Arabic: طول عمري‎ ‎ ; translit.
 "Toul Omry"; French: "Toute ma vie" ), is a 2008 Egyptian film by Maher Sabry.
 It is noted as being the first film to handle the subject of male homosexuality and the status of homosexuals in Egypt.
 While a work of fiction, Sabry made efforts to use real-life influences from his own experiences to the 2001 arrests of the Cairo 52 to keep the portrayal of conditions for homosexuals in Egypt accurate.
Schutzengel (also known as The Guardians or Guardians) is a 2012 German action film directed and written by Til Schweiger.
 It stars Til Schweiger, Luna Schweiger, and Moritz Bleibtreu.
