Juan Gualberto Gómez Airport (IATA: VRA, ICAO: MUVR) , formerly known as Varadero Airport (Spanish: "Aeropuerto de Varadero" ), is an international airport serving Varadero, Cuba and the province of Matanzas.
 The airport is located closer to the city of Matanzas than to Varadero.
 The closest airport to Varadero is Kawama Airport.
 In 2009, the airport handled 1.28 million passengers, making it the second busiest airport in Cuba after José Martí International Airport in Havana.
The Rockford Airfest was a two-day air show that happened every year at Chicago Rockford International Airport located in Rockford, Illinois, USA.
 Approximately 130,000 people attended the 2012 event.
Chicago O'Hare International Airport (IATA: ORD, ICAO: KORD, FAA LID: ORD) , also known as O'Hare Airport, Chicago International Airport, Chicago O'Hare, or simply O'Hare ( ), is an international airport located on the Far Northwest Side of Chicago, Illinois, 17 mi northwest of the Loop.
 It is the primary airport serving the Chicago metropolitan area, with Midway International Airport, which is about 10 mi closer to the Loop and serves as a secondary airport.
 It is operated by the City of Chicago Department of Aviation.
Chicago Rockford International Airport (IATA: RFD, ICAO: KRFD, FAA LID: RFD) , is an international airport located in Winnebago County, Illinois.
 It is located four miles (6 km) south of the city center of Rockford and 85 miles northwest of Chicago.
 Established in 1946, Chicago-Rockford International Airport is the busiest airport in Northern Illinois (with the exception of Chicago O'Hare and Chicago Midway).
 In 2016, the airport served nearly 102,000 passengers.
Ambattur is a neighbourhood of Western Chennai, located in the Ambattur taluk of the Chennai Corporation in Chennai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 It was made part of the Chennai Corporation in 2011.
 Closer to Anna Nagar, Padi and Avadi, Ambattur is a fast developing residential locality and manufacturing hub of Chennai.
 It covers an area of 45 km².
 The neighbourhood is served by Ambattur railway station of the Chennai Suburban Railway.
 Ambattur has its origins in a village of the same name which can be located at present as areas opposite to Ambattur telephone exchange.
 Ambattur was a village with large extents of agricultural farm lands irrigated by the once-sprawling Ambattur Lake.
 The growth was heightened after Ambattur industrial estate was established in 1964.
Some of the nearest cities are tiruvallur,kanchipuram and tambaram.In 2011, the neighbourhood had a population 466,205.
Northern Colorado Regional Airport (IATA: FNL, ICAO: KFNL, FAA LID: FNL) is a public use airport located nine nautical miles (10 mi, 17 km) southeast of the central business district of Fort Collins and northeast of Loveland, both cities in Larimer County, Colorado, United States.
 It is mostly used for general aviation; scheduled passenger jet service operated by Allegiant Air nonstop to Las Vegas was discontinued in October 2012.
 The airport supports commercial flights non-stop to Chicago Rockford International Airport by Elite Airways.
McClellan–Palomar Airport (Palomar Airport) (IATA: CLD, ICAO: KCRQ, FAA LID: CRQ) is a public airport three miles (5 km) southeast of Carlsbad in San Diego County, California.
 It is owned by the County of San Diego.
 The airport is used for both general aviation and commercial aviation.
 In March 2013 the airport was the fourth-busiest single runway airport in the United States.
 In August 2017, the airport announced a new commercial airline Cal Jet, would start operating flights in September 2017.
Air Wisconsin Airlines is a regional airline based at Appleton International Airport in the town of Greenville, Wisconsin, United States, near Appleton.
 Air Wisconsin is the largest privately held regional airline in the United States.
 It currently operates regional jet flights as American Eagle under contract to American Airlines via a code sharing agreement, serving cities in the U.S. and Canada with hubs at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS), Charlotte Douglas International Airport (CLT), Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA) .
 Air Wisconsin previously operated United Express service on behalf of United Airlines followed by US Airways Express service on behalf of US Airways prior to becoming an American Eagle regional air carrier.
 The company has announced it will once again partner with United Airlines as a United Express code sharing air carrier with primary hubs to be located at Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) and Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) beginning in September 2017 and will be "exclusively operating" as United Express by March 2018.
A major airport has been proposed to be built in Peotone, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.
 There is no official name and two separate plans exist, one known as the "South Suburban Airport" and another known as "Abraham Lincoln National Airport".
 The FAA refers to the two proposals as South Suburban Airport.
 The airport would serve as an additional airport in the Chicago metropolitan area.
 Supporters of the airport say it will bring new jobs to the southern suburbs and the entire Chicago region, while relieving critical runway and terminal congestion at O'Hare International Airport and Chicago Midway International Airport.
 A new airport would accommodate large jet service similar to that of O'Hare, but that Midway International Airport does not offer.
Balrampur district is one of the districts of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and is a part of Devipatan division as well as the historic Awadh regions.
 Located on the banks of the West Rapti River, Balrampur town is the district headquarter.
 Balrampur is known for the temple of Pateshwari Devi, a Shakti Pitha, and for the ruins of the nearby ancient city of Sravasti, now a pilgrimage site for Buddhists and Jains.
 The nearest airport is Shravasti airport 23.3 km from the town but it is not an international and regular airport; the nearest international and regular airport is Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport in Lucknow, 177.1 km away.
 Lucknow is the capital city of Uttar Pradesh and is 162 km from Balrampur district headquarters.
