The Western Derby is the name given to the Australian rules football match between the Fremantle Dockers and the West Coast Eagles, who both participate in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 As both teams are based in Perth, the capital city of Western Australia, the term "derby" is used to describe the match.
 It has become one of the most important matches for football in Western Australia, with former South Fremantle and West Coast player, and former West Coast coach John Worsfold claiming that in the week before a derby that it is the main topic in Perth.
The Liverpool F.C.–Manchester United F.C. rivalry, also known as the North-West Derby, is a high-profile inter-city rivalry between English professional football clubs Liverpool and Manchester United.
 It is considered to be one of the biggest rivalries in the football world along with the Old Firm derby in Scotland, Superclásico in South America, El Clásico in Spain, and Derby della Madonnina in Italy, and is considered the most famous fixture in English football.
 Players, fans and the media alike often consider games between the two clubs to be their biggest rivalry, above even their own local derby competitions with Everton and Manchester City, respectively.
The North-west Derby is the name of the association football match played between Finn Harps and Derry City.
Southern Iraqi football clubs Al-Minaa and Naft Al-Janoob have been rivals since the 2004–05 season when Naft Al-Janoob club started playing in the Premier League.
 The clubs are respectively from Al-Maqal and Al-Tamimia, in the same city Basra, and for this reason a match between the two teams is sometimes called a "Basra Derby".
 Another name is often used in the press is "South Derby", which comes from the location of Basra province in southern Iraq.
 The animosity intensified since the first match, as Naft Al-Janoob was not expected to win Al-Minaa 1–0, and the exaggerated protest by Al-Minaa supporters to referee of match Khalil Yousuf prompted him to retire arbitration forever.
 and this animosity reached a peak during the 2010–11 season, when both teams played at the end of the season in the Premier League in a match, that if it end at a draw, Naft Al-Janoob will relegate to the Iraq Division One.
 Indeed, the match ended in a draw, and Al-Minaa fans celebrated the relegation of Naft Al-Janoob, and considered it a winning of league title.
 In the 2015–16 season, Naft Al-Janoob returned to avenge Al-Minaa, when both teams played at the end of the season in the Premier League.
 Al-Minaa needed two goals to go to the final, but Naft Al-Janoob played a defensive squad until the end of the match, although they were losing 1–0.
The Bristol derby is the name given to football matches played between Bristol City and Bristol Rovers (a "local derby").
 The fans of each club both consider the other to be their main rivals, leading to a heated atmosphere at these matches.
 The majority of the meetings between the teams have been in the Football League, and they used to meet annually in the Gloucestershire Cup.
The fixture between football clubs IFK Göteborg and Örgryte IS is a local derby in Gothenburg, Sweden and a fierce rivalry.
 The derby does not have a unique name and is commonly known by the collective term "Göteborgsderby" (English: Gothenburg derby ) which is also used for other fixtures between Gothenburg clubs.
 Örgryte IS is one of the oldest clubs in Sweden, founded in 1887, and played the first Swedish football match by association rules in 1892.
 They dominated Swedish football during the 1890s and 1900s, winning 10 of their 14 Swedish championships during that era.
 IFK Göteborg was founded in 1904 and won its first competitive match against Örgryte in 1910.
 Since then, IFK have been the dominant team and has won 18 Swedish championships as well as two UEFA Cup titles.
 Due to the long history of both clubs, no other rivals in Swedish football have played each other more times (including friendly matches), and the record attendance for Swedish club football was set at a derby in 1959.
The fixture between football clubs GAIS and IFK Göteborg is a local derby in Gothenburg, Sweden and a fierce rivalry.
 The derby is sometimes called "Göteborgsklassikern" (English: The Gothenburg Classic ) or "Arbetarderbyt" (English: The Worker's Derby ).
 It is also commonly known by the collective term "Göteborgsderby" (English: Gothenburg derby ) which is also used for other fixtures between Gothenburg clubs.
 GAIS started playing football in 1897 and IFK Göteborg was founded in 1904, meeting each other for the very first time in 1905.
 GAIS had its glory period from the late 1910s to the early 1930s, while IFK have been the dominant team for the rest of the derby's existence, winning 18 Swedish championships as well as two UEFA Cup titles.
 The record attendance for second tier football in Sweden, and all club football outside Allsvenskan, was set at a derby in 1976.
Östgötaderbyt (lit.
 The Östergötland Derby) is the fixture between the two association football clubs IFK Norrköping and Åtvidabergs FF, it is a local derby in Östergötland, Sweden and a fierce rivalry.
 The derby is commonly known as Östgötaderbyt, although this is a generic term that could be used for any fixture between two clubs in Östergötland.
 The rivalry has arisen because the two clubs are the most successful clubs in Östergötland.
 The two clubs have also played most seasons in the top tier league Allsvenskan of all Östergötland clubs and they are also the two out of just three Östergötland clubs to have won the Swedish football championship, IFK Norrköping with 12 titles and Åtvidabergs FF with 2 titles.
 The majority of the matches between the two clubs have taken place in Allsvenskan, but fixtures have also taken place in Division 2 and Superettan.
 As of the 2017 season, IFK Norrköping are competing in Allsvenskan, and Åtvidabergs FF are in Superettan.
In many countries the term local derby, or simply just derby (pronounced 'dar-bee' after the English town) means a sporting fixture between two (generally local) rivals, particularly in Association Football.
 In North America, crosstown rivalry is a more common term.
South-eastern English football clubs Luton Town and Watford have been rivals since their respective formations in the late 19th century.
 The clubs are respectively from Luton, Bedfordshire, and Watford, Hertfordshire, and for this reason a match between the two teams is sometimes called a " Derby".
 Another name occasionally used in the press is "M1 Derby", which comes from the M1 motorway, which passes both towns.
 The clubs, which were both founded during the 1880s, met competitively for the first time in the 1898–99 FA Cup.
 Following this they played each other regularly in the Southern League and The Football League until 1936–37, when Luton's promotion separated them in league competition until 1963–64.
 The animosity intensified during the late 1960s and the 1970s, and reached a peak during the 1980s, when both teams played in the top-flight First Division.
 Watford were relegated at the end of the 1987–88 season, while Luton followed four years later.
