The Southwest Minnesota State Mustangs (also SMSU Mustangs and formerly Southwest State Mustangs) are the athletic teams that represent Southwest Minnesota State University, located in Marshall, Minnesota, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
 The Mustangs compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 14 varsity sports.
 SMSU has been competing since 1969, but has been a part of the conference since the Northern Intercollegiate Conference and the Northern Sun Conference merged to form the NSIC in 1992.
The athletic teams of Minnesota State University, Mankato are known as the Minnesota State Mavericks.
 More than 600 students participate each year in athletics for the university.
 Most of the university's athletic teams compete at the NCAA Division II level in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC).
 The men's and women's ice hockey teams compete at the Division I level in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA).
 Minnesota State began competition in the NSIC in 2008-09, due to the dissolution of the North Central Conference.
The Minot State Beavers are the intercollegiate athletic teams of Minot State University (MSU), located in Minot, North Dakota.
 The Beavers currently in the process of transitioning from the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) to the NCAA Division II.
 The university was previously a member of the NAIA's Dakota Athletic Conference (DAC) and competed as an independent as a provisional member for the 2011–12 academic year before joining the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) in 2012.
 Minot State Beavers men's and women's ice hockey teams currently play in the American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA), the men's team plays as is an independent team at the ACHA Men's Division I level and women's team at the ACHA Women's Division II level.
The Augustana Vikings are the athletic teams that represent Augustana University, located in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
 The Vikings compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 14 varsity sports.
 The Vikings joined the NSIC from the North Central Conference, which folded in 2008.
The Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference Men's Basketball Tournament is the annual men's conference basketball championship tournament for the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference.
 The tournament has been held annually since 2000.
 It is a single-elimination tournament and seeding is based on regular season records.
The Upper Iowa Peacocks (also UIU Peacocks) are the athletic teams that represent Upper Iowa University, located in Fayette, Iowa, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
 The Peacocks compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 13 varsity sports except for men's soccer, which is an associate member of the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association.
The Mary Marauders (also U-Mary Marauders) are the athletic teams that represent the University of Mary, located in Bismarck, North Dakota, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
 The Marauders compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 17 varsity sports except for men's soccer, which competes in the Great Northwest Athletic Conference.
University of Sioux Falls athletic teams are known as the Cougars.
 They currently compete in NCAA Division II after participating in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics through 2011.
 They were formally members of the Great Plains Athletic Conference from 2000–2011 and the South Dakota Interstate Conference (SDIC) until the year 2000.
 The university is a member of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) for the majority of sports and in the Great Northwest Athletic Conference (GNAC) for men's soccer.
The St. Cloud State Huskies are the athletic teams for St. Cloud State University.
 The university is primarily a member of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC), and currently sponsors 18 NCAA Division II teams.
 SCSU also sponsors a women's Nordic skiing team through membership in the CCSA, as well as men's and women's Division I ice hockey teams that are members of the National Collegiate Hockey Conference (men) and Western Collegiate Hockey Association (women).
 The teams go by the nickname Huskies, and the school's mascot is a husky named Blizzard.
The Northern State Wolves are the athletic teams that represent Northern State University, located in Aberdeen, South Dakota, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
 The Wolves compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 15 varsity sports.
 Northern State has been a member of the conference since 1978, and they also have the second smallest enrollment of the 14 member schools.
 In the 1990s, all members of the NSIC solely became members of NCAA Division II, after spending many years with dual membership with the NAIA.
