Messalonskee Lake is a body of water in the Belgrade Lakes region of Maine.
 It is bordered by the towns of Oakland, Sidney, and Belgrade.
 The lake is a 9 mile long, narrow, natural creation, resulting from continental collision and glacial scouring.
 A dam originally built in the town of Oakland in 1905 increased the lake's size.
The New England Music Camp (NEMC) is a summer camp for music students ages 11–18, located on 200 acre in Sidney, Maine, on the eastern shore of Messalonskee Lake in the Belgrade Lakes region.
 It was founded in 1937 on the site of the defunct Eastern Music Camp.
Belgrade is a town in Kennebec County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 3,189 at the 2010 census.
 Belgrade's population, however, approximately doubles during the summer months as part-year residents return to seasonal camps located on the shores of Great Pond, Long Pond and Messalonskee Lake.
 Belgrade includes the villages of North Belgrade, Belgrade Depot and Belgrade Lakes (or The Village).
 Belgrade is included in the Augusta, Maine micropolitan New England City and Town Area.
The New York Society of Model Engineers (NYSME) was originally incorporated in 1926 in New York City.
 There are published records that show the Society existed as early as 1905.
 In its early years, the organization moved to and from various locations throughout Manhattan.
 AT that time it was basically a gentlemen's club of members who were interested in all types of model building.
 In 1926 the Society was formalized and incorporated under the laws of the State of New York.
 This was done so that the Society could obtain a permit to use a lake in New York City's Central Park for model motor boat races.
 It was also at this time that the Society began construction of its first Model Railroad " The Union Connecting".
 Over the next twenty years, the Society moved from its original location to two other locations.
 Each move doubling the size of the previous location and of course doubling the size of the model train layout.
 During WW2 many Society members were called to service in the Armed Forces.
 Regrettably, the largest of the layouts had to be dismantled.
 The location of the layout in the basement of the Astor Building was requested for the war effort.
 The dismantling was done with care, with salvaged usable materials going into scrap drives for the War effort.
 As members returned after the War a new location was searched for.
 This led to an invitation from the Lackawanna Railroad to move into their Passenger Terminal in Hoboken,NJ.
 They had the space for what would become the largest model railroad in the world at that time.
 The space?
 Only the ornate waiting room for the recently discontinued ferry boats to 23rd Street in New York City.
 Here the layout was built.
 It was based on the Lackawanna Railroad from Hoboken to Scranton, Pa.
 It was magnificent; from the scale model of the Hoboken Terminal to the soaring Delaware Water Gap.
 During the early-1950s the organization moved to its current location in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
Oakland is a town in Kennebec County in the U.S. state of Maine.
 The population was 6,240 at the 2010 census.
 Gateway to the Belgrade Lakes region, Oakland is 4 miles (6 km) west of Waterville and approximately 18 miles (29 km) north of Augusta, the state capital.
Mount Vernon is a town in Kennebec County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 1,640 at the 2010 census.
 Mount Vernon is included in the Augusta, Maine micropolitan New England City and Town Area.
 A popular recreation spot in central Maine, the northern area of Mount Vernon is part of the Belgrade Lakes Region, while the southern area is part of the Winthrop Lakes Region.
The Chandler Store is a historic formerly commercial building on Maine State Route 27 in the center of the Belgrade Lakes village of Belgrade, Maine.
 Built in 1838, it is one of only two known commercial buildings in the state to be built out of granite blocks.
 It is now a private residence.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
The Belgrade Lakes are a chain of lakes around Belgrade, Maine.
 The flow sequence is from East Pond to North Pond to Great Pond to Long Pond to Messalonskee Lake and thence via Messalonskee Stream to the Kennebec River at Waterville.
 The lakes have long been an important resort area for fishing, boating, and swimming; and shoreline development includes residences for individuals employed in the cities of Waterville and Augusta.
Camp Modin is the oldest Jewish summer camp in New England.
 It was established in 1922 in what is now Lake George Regional Park in Canaan, Maine.
 In 1992 the camp moved to Salmon Lake in Maine's Belgrade Lakes region.
 An early example of a summer camp intended to provide Jewish children with Hebrew, religious, and cultural education as well as recreation, Camp Modin has been described as "the prototype for camps sponsored by every branch of the community, from socialist Zionists to Orthodox Jews."
Marshwood High School is a school in York County, Maine, United States.
 It serves the towns of Eliot, South Berwick, andRollinsford, and is located near the border between them.
 It has been at its current location at 260 Dow Highway (Route 236) in South Berwick since September 1999, when it was moved from its previous location in Eliot.
 The current site is about 10 mi from Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and Kittery, Maine.
