Gennifer Flowers (born January 24, 1950) is an American model and actress who obtained notoriety after revealing a sexual encounter with U.S. President Bill Clinton.
 In January 1998, Clinton testified under oath that there had been a sexual encounter between Flowers and him.
 Before Clinton's presidency, she posed nude for "Penthouse" magazine and was an actress in two films and one TV show.
Sharry Konopski (December 2, 1967 – August 25, 2017) was an American model and actress.
 She was chosen as "Playboy"'s Playmate of the Month in August 1987 and has appeared in numerous "Playboy" videos.
 She posed nude again for Playboy in the March 1997 issue.
 On 1 April 1995, as she was driving home from work, three deer ran into the road causing her to roll her Mustang.
 Her spinal injuries left her paralysed from the waist down.
Michaela Schaffrath (born December 6, 1970) is a German television actress.
 A former nurse, she got started in the adult film industry after she posed nude for "Coupé", a German adult magazine.
 She gained international notoriety during her career as a pornographic actress under the stage name Gina Wild.
Traci Elizabeth Lords (born Nora Louise Kuzma on May 7, 1968) is an American actress, singer, model, writer, producer, and director.
 After becoming one of the most sought-after pornographic actresses of the 1980s, she achieved notoriety as authorities discovered that she was underage when she posed nude and appeared in numerous pornographic films.
 The resulting withdrawal of her films from distributors and rental stores cost the industry millions of dollars and her case became the biggest scandal to affect the adult film industry.
Gabriella Brum (born 19 May 1962) is a German model and beauty queen who won the 1980 Miss World and resigned 18 hours later, initially claiming her boyfriend disapproved.
 She stated that this was because of the pressure from the news media, though there were also allegations that she had posed nude in a magazine.
 The first runner-up in the pageant, Kimberley Santos from Guam, then assumed the title.
 Brum later posed in "Men Only", "Playboy" and modeled in Los Angeles for a few years where she still resides.
Teri Copley (born May 10, 1961) is an American actress and model.
 She is known for role on the American NBC/syndicated television series "We Got It Made" which premiered in 1983, and she subsequently co-starred on the 1985 CBS television series "I Had Three Wives".
 She appeared in the 1984 television film "I Married a Centerfold" and the 1992 film "Brain Donors".
 She posed nude and was the cover girl for "Playboy" for the November 1990 issue.
 In the 1990s Copley became a born-again Christian and slowly eased her way out of celebrity Hollywood.
Heleen van Royen (born Helena Margaretha Kroon, Amsterdam, 9 March 1965) is a Dutch novelist and columnist.
 Her novel "De gelukkige huisvrouw" ("The Happy Housewife") was best-selling Dutch novel of 2010.
 The candid descriptions of sexuality (including her own) found in her books and her columns have drawn considerable attention, as have her personal revelations about sexual fantasies, even to the point of ridicule: Dorine Wiersma won the Annie M.G. Schmidt award for best theatrical song for "Stoute Heleen" ("Naughty Heleen"), a crude pastiche of van Royen's depictions of her own sexuality.
 Two of van Royen's novels were adapted for film, "De gelukkige huisvrouw" (2009, adapted for the stage in the same year), and "De ontsnapping" ("The Escape", 2010).
 She has two children, daughter Olivia and son Sam.
 In November 2006, van Royen posed nude for Playboy.
Alicia Rickter (born September 21, 1972) is an American model and actress.
 She appeared as “Laura” in the comedy "Buying the Cow" and on the TV series "Baywatch" and "The Young and the Restless".
 She posed nude for "Playboy" magazine as Miss October 1995.
 Although she was referred to as the 500th Playboy Playmate, it was not realized at the time that two of the earliest Playmates (Marilyn Waltz and Margaret Scott) were the same person, making Rickter No. 499.
 She has also appeared in three "Playboy" videos.
Trishelle Cannatella (born November 4, 1979) is an American reality TV contestant, "Playboy" model, and actress, known for her appearances on the MTV reality television series "", and the "Real World" spinoff show "The Challenge".
 She has also appeared on other reality shows such as "The Surreal Life", "Kill Reality", "Punk'd" and "Fear Factor".
 She has also made appearances in TV ads and music videos, posed nude in "Playboy" magazine, appeared in the horror film "The Scorned", and competed successfully in celebrity poker tournaments.
Rachel Veltri (born February 26, 1978 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American actress and model.
 Veltri came to prominence on the television show, "For Love or Money".
 To coincide with the release of "", she posed nude for "Playboy" magazine in the December 2005 issue.
