The dime novel is a form of late 19th-century and early 20th-century U.S. popular fiction issued in series of inexpensive paperbound editions.
 The term "dime novel" has been used as a catchall term for several different but related forms, referring to dime novels, story papers, five- and ten-cent weeklies, "thick book" reprints, and sometimes early pulp magazines.
 The term was used as a title as late as 1940, in the short-lived pulp magazine "Western Dime Novels".
 Dime novels are the antecedent of today's mass-market paperbacks, comic books, television shows and movies based on dime-novel genres.
 In the modern age, the term "dime novel" has been used to refer to quickly written, lurid potboilers, usually as a pejorative to describe a sensationalized but superficial literary work.
Henry James O'Brien Bedford-Jones (1887–1949) was a Canadian historical, adventure fantasy, science fiction, crime and Western writer who became a naturalized United States citizen in 1908.
 After being encouraged to try writing by his friend, writer William Wallace Cook, Bedford-Jones began writing dime novels and pulp magazine stories.
 Bedford-Jones was an enormously prolific writer; the pulp editor Harold Hersey once recalled meeting Bedford-Jones in Paris, where he was working on two novels simultaneously, each story on its own separate typewriter.
 Bedford-Jones cited Alexandre Dumas as his main influence, and wrote a sequel to Dumas' "The Three Musketeers", "D'Artagnan" (1928).
 He wrote over 100 novels, earning the nickname "King of the Pulps".
 His works appeared in a number of pulp magazines.
 Bedford-Jones' main publisher was "Blue Book" magazine; he also appeared in "Adventure", "All-Story Weekly", "Argosy", "Short Stories", "Top-Notch Magazine", "The Magic Carpet", "Golden Fleece", "Ace-High Magazine", "People's Story Magazine", "Hutchinson's Adventure-Story Magazine", "Detective Fiction Weekly", "Western Story Magazine", and "Weird Tales".
The Stanford Chaparral (also known as the Chappie) is a humor magazine published by students of Stanford University since 1899.
Ceanothus leucodermis, with the common name chaparral whitethorn or chaparral white thorn, is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae.
 This "Ceanothus" is an importance browse for several types of ungulate, such as the mule deer and bighorn sheep, who prefer the new growth and shoots to the older, spiny parts.
Vicky Brago-Mitchell is an American fractal artist known in the 1960s as a Stanford University student who, while working as a topless dancer, ran for student body president.
 She won the preliminary election, but lost to eventual Earth Day national coordinator Denis Hayes in a two-person runoff election.
 She was born on September 30, 1946 in Yakima, Washington.
 Daughter of a Methodist minister, she grew up as Victoria Jane Bowles in small towns in Washington, Oregon and Montana.
 After graduating from high school she attended Stanford University as a scholarship student majoring in Spanish.
 In 1967 she was the first American college girl to appear nude in a campus magazine, the Stanford Chaparral ("Stanford Chaparral", Spring 1967).
 In 1968 she began working at night as a topless dancer under the stage name Vicky Drake, and ran for student body president with a campaign poster that was a photo of herself posing nude on the Stanford Mausoleum ("Stanford Alumni Magazine", September/October 1994).
 This story was first reported by the San Francisco Chronicle, May 1, 1968, then carried by wire services Associated Press and United Press International and published in newspapers worldwide.
 A feature about her titled Student Body appeared in the September 1968 edition of Playboy and was reprinted in the 1971 Playboy special edition The Youth Culture.
Thomas Welton Stanford (1832 - 1918), also known as Welton Stanford, was an American-born Australian businessman, spiritualist and philanthropist, most notably toward Stanford University, which was founded by his older brother Leland Stanford.
 Although living most of his adult life in Australia, he kept his American citizenship and served intermittently as honorary American vice consul-general in Melbourne.
Josh Weinstein (born May 5, 1966) is an American television writer and producer, known for his work on the animated comedy series "The Simpsons".
 Weinstein and Bill Oakley became best friends and writing partners at St. Albans High School; Weinstein then attended Stanford University and was editor-in-chief of the "Stanford Chaparral".
 He worked on several short-term media projects, including writing for the variety show "Sunday Best", but was then unemployed for a long period.
Pluck and Luck: Complete Stories of Adventure was an American dime novel first published by Frank Tousey and was the longest-running dime novel.
 It numbered 1605 issues from January 12, 1898 to March 5, 1929.
 The 32-page magazine was semi-monthly for the first 22 issues and then weekly.
 Its size was 8 x 11 inches (through No. 1144) and 6 x 9 inches thereafter, and it featured color covers.
 Issues No. 1002-1464 were published by Harry Wolff and the rest by Westbury.
In 1995, the opening year of its publication, James Taylor’s Shocked and Amazed!
 On & Off the Midway became the first journal to chronicle the history of sideshows, novelty and variety exhibition or “the show business” as it was called in the heyday of the dime museums.
 Focusing on circus and carnival sideshows and 19th Century dime museum entertainment, the journal also follows the history and characters of vaudeville and burlesque, wax museums and world’s fairs, carnivals, circus spectacles, roadside attractions and everything in between.
 The journal features interviews with the business’ “golden age” performers as well as modern talent and has included original works by the likes of Teller (magician), John Strausbaugh and Frank DeFord and unique reprinted material available previously to only a few show business historians.
Dime Magazine is an American basketball magazine that began circulation in 2001.
 The magazine publishes six issues a year for its worldwide readership, as well as a handful of editions of "Dime China", a Chinese-language version consisting of regular "Dime" content translated from English and original content from editorial staff in China.
 It makes an appearance as an endorsement in "NBA 2K12", and "NBA 2K13".
 It is owned by Uproxx itself a brand of Woven Digital.
