Cannibal Holocaust is a 1980 Italian cannibal horror film directed by Ruggero Deodato from a screenplay by Gianfranco Clerici.
 It stars Carl Gabriel Yorke, Robert Kerman, Francesca Ciardi, Perry Pirkanen, and Luca Barbareschi.
 Influenced by the works of Mondo director Gualtiero Jacopetti, the film was inspired by Italian media reporting of Red Brigade terrorism.
 The coverage included news reports Deodato believed to be staged, an idea which became an integral aspect of the film's story.
 "Cannibal Holocaust" was filmed primarily in the Amazon rainforest of Colombia with indigenous tribes interacting with American and Italian actors.
Body Count (released in Italy as Camping del Terrore/ Camping Terror) is a 1986 slasher film directed by Ruggero Deodato.
 It was released in Germany as "Body Count: Die Mathematik des Schreckens", and in Denmark as "Shamen".
Hercules, Prisoner of Evil (Italian: "Ursus il terrore dei Kirghisi" , 'Ursus, Terror of the Kirghiz' ) is a 1964 Italian "peplum" film directed by Antonio Margheriti and an uncredited Ruggero Deodato.
 Deodato, the official assistant director, replaced Margheriti as he was busy with the completion of the film "The Fall of Rome".
 Deodato actually directed most of the film in actuality but Margheriti was credited as the director.
 The film is filled with a variety of horrific themes and elements, featuring a killer werewolf, and is as much a horror film as it is a peplum.
The cannibal boom is a period in the history of exploitation film, lasting roughly from 1977 to 1981, where cannibal films were at the peak of their popularity in Grindhouse theaters and cinema.
 Though Umberto Lenzi started the cannibal genre with his film "Man from Deep River" in 1972, it was not until Ruggero Deodato released his film "Last Cannibal World" in 1977 that the concept of cannibal films began to catch on.
 Although five cannibal films were made in 1977 and 1978, none were released in 1979 (though Deodato's "Cannibal Holocaust" was in the works).
 In February 1980, Deodato released "Cannibal Holocaust", which was the start of a chain of seven similar films to be made and released in the same year.
 The following year, however, in 1981, only two cannibal films were made (one of them was "Cannibal Ferox", second in notoriety only to "Cannibal Holocaust").
 Only four other cannibal films were made after 1981 until the fad's conclusion in 1988 with Antonio Climati's "Natura Contro".
Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man (Italian: Uomini si nasce poliziotti si muore ) is a 1976 Italian crime film, a "poliziotteschi", directed by Ruggero Deodato and starring Marc Porel and Ray Lovelock.
 Quentin Tarantino said the film is "one of the greatest titles of all time, and it lives up to its name!"
No eres tú, soy yo (English: It's not you, it's me ) is a 2010 Mexican romantic comedy directed by Alejandro Springall starring Eugenio Derbez, Alejandra Barros and Martina García and based on the Argentinean film "No sos vos, soy yo" (2004), written by Juan Taratuto.
 It was produced by Matthias Eherenberg and filmed in Mexico City.
Concorde Affaire '79 (1979) (Italian: "Affare Concorde" ), also known as The Concorde Affair, is an Italian action thriller directed by Ruggero Deodato and written by Ernesto Gastaldi and Renzo Genta.
 Released in the same year as "The Concorde ... Airport '79" and featuring actor Joseph Cotten, who appeared in "Airport '77", the film was an attempt by producers to take advantage of the success of the "Airport" film franchise of the 1970s.
John Steiner (born 7 January 1941 in Chester, Cheshire) is an English actor.
 Tall, thin and gaunt, Steiner attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts and worked for a few years at the BBC.
 Steiner featured in a lead role in a television production of "Design for Living" by Noël Coward.
 Later he found further work primarily in films including "Marat/Sade" (1967), and the original "Bedazzled" (1967) with Peter Cook and Dudley Moore.
 In 1969, Steiner was hired to play a part in the spaghetti western "Tepepa", and also appeared opposite Franco Nero in "White Fang", directed by Lucio Fulci.
 He found himself in demand in Italy and moved there, appearing in a great number of Italian exploitation and B-films including police actioners ("Violent Rome"), westerns ("Mannaja"), war films ("The Last Hunter"), nazisploitation ("Deported Women of the SS Special Section"), sci-fi adventure films ("Yor, the Hunter from the Future"), and horror films, such as Mario Bava's "Shock", Dario Argento's "Tenebrae", and Ruggero Deodato's "Body Count".
 He also became a favourite of famed Italian filmmaker Tinto Brass, featuring in "Salon Kitty", the infamous "Caligula", "Action", and "Paprika".
Annie Brilland (born 10 December 1956) is a French actress and social worker.
 Her acting career began in 1974 and throughout the seventies, has had a series of varied roles in both French and Italian cinema, working with such directors as Jean Rollin, Ruggero Deodato and Joe D'Amato.
Alejandro Springall is a Mexican film director and producer.
