Hibiscus tiliaceus is a species of flowering tree in the mallow family, Malvaceae, that is native to the Old World tropics.
 Common names include sea hibiscus, beach hibiscus, coastal (or coast) hibiscus, coastal (or coast) cottonwood, green cottonwood, native hibiscus, native rosella, cottonwood hibiscus, kurrajong, sea rosemallow, balibago (Tagalog),malabago (Cebuano - Southern), maribago (Cebuano - Northern),bhendi (Marathi), waru (Indonesian), hau (Hawaiian), fau (Samoan), purau (Tahitian), and vau tree.
 The specific epithet, ""tiliaceus"", refers to its resemblance to the related "Tilia" species.
Hibiscus acetosella (cranberry hibiscus or African rosemallow) is an angiosperm of the genus "Hibiscus" or rosemallow.
 The word "acetosella" is of Latin origin and is derived from an old name for sorrel (Oxalis) which comes from the sour taste experienced when eating the young leaves of the plant.
 "Hibiscus acetosella" is also known colloquially as false roselle, maroon mallow, red leaved hibiscus, and red shield hibiscus.
 It is one of the approximately 200–300 species that are seen in sub-tropic and tropic regions.
 This ornamental is usually found in abandoned fields or open areas, marshes, and forest clearings.
 Cranberry hibiscus is a member of a perennial group known as hardy hibiscus.
 In contrast to the tropical hibiscus, hardy hibiscus can tolerate colder conditions, are more vigorous, longer lasting, and have larger flowers.
 In colder climates, "Hibiscus acetosella" is easily an annual, but is often regarded as a perennial to zone 8–11.
 During one season, the plant can grow 90 – tall and 75 cm wide as a shrub-subshrub.
The lemonyellow rosemallow ("Hibiscus calyphyllus", syn.
 "Hibiscus calycinus, Hibiscus chrysantha, Hibiscus chrysanthus, Hibiscus rockii") is a shrub from tropical Africa belonging to the Hibiscus genus.
 In 1883 this Hibiscus was offered for sale in England under the name "Hibiscus chrysanthus" with Port Natal, Cape Colony (now South Africa), identified as the source.
 By 1891 the same Hibiscus was identified as "Hibiscus chrysantha" in the United States, a practice which may have continued into the 1930s and contributed to incorrect species identification.
 In 1892 the name "Hibiscus calycinus" was designated as the correct name for the species; but, by 1894 the currently accepted name "Hibiscus calyphyllus" is found in association with "Hibiscus calycinus".
 At the beginning of the 20th century, this Hibiscus was sold as seeds in the United States under the name "Hibiscus Giant Yellow".
 Because of the similarity of the flowers, it is quite common to find Abelmoschus manihot confused with "Hibiscus calyphyllus" in the early 20th century gardening literature of the United States, particularly in the area of cold tolerance.
 If the species identification is correct, the 1903 report in The Flower Garden states that: ""Giant Yellow is a beautiful canary yellow with crimson throat, hardy as far north as St. Louis, but safer in the cellar above that latitude"", then "Hibiscus calyphyllus" may have some degree of cold tolerance.
 St. Louis, Missouri is in USDA Zone 6a but there are currently no reports of "Hibiscus calyphyllus" overwintering in USDA Zone 6a; it is known to overwinter successfully in USDA Zone 8a.
Cyrtandra is a genus of flowering plants containing about 600 species, with more being discovered often, and is thus the largest genus in the family Gesneriaceae.
 These plants are native to Southeast Asia, Australia, and the Pacific Islands, with the centre of diversity in Southeast Asia and the Malesian region.
 The genus is common, but many species within it are very rare, localized, endangered endemic plants.
 The species can be difficult to identify because they are highly polymorphic and because they readily hybridize with each other.
 The plants may be small herbs, vines, shrubs, epiphytes, or trees.
 The genus is characterized in part by having two stamens, and most species have white flowers, with a few red-, orange-, yellow- and pink-flowered species known.
 Almost all species live in rainforest habitats.
Reseda alba is a species of flowering plant in the reseda family known by the common names white mignonette or white upright mignonette.
 It is native to Europe, Asia, and North Africa, and it can be found in parts of the Americas and Australia as an introduced species.
 It is also cultivated as an ornamental plant for its spikelike racemes of fragrant white flowers.
 This is an annual or perennial herb growing up to a meter tall.
 The leaves are divided deeply into many narrow lobes.
 The inflorescence, which may take up most of the upper stem, is densely packed with many white flowers.
 Each flower has five or six petals, each of which is divided into three long, narrow lobes, making the raceme appear frilly.
 The fruit is a nearly rectangular four-angled capsule up to 1.4 centimeters in length.
The Philip Island Hibiscus (Hibiscus insularis) is a species of hibiscus that is endemic to Phillip Island, a small island to the south of Norfolk Island.
 The entire natural extent of this species is just two small clumps, and each clump apparently consists of multiple separate stems of a single genotype.
 It has been propagated and planted more widely on Phillip Island, but only vegetatively which does not increase the genetic diversity.
 Seedlings apparently have not been observed in the wild.
 It produces greenish-yellow flowers that fade to mauve through most of the year.
 Horticultural use of the Philip Island Hibiscus has greatly increased the number of plants (though not in its natural environment) but as it is usually propagated by cuttings the number of genotypes is still extremely small.
 This species is listed as Critically Endangered under Australian federal environment legislation.
Hibiscus lasiocarpos (also, "H. lasiocarpus" "orth.
 var.")
 is a species of hibiscus known by the common name hairy-fruited hibiscus.
 It is also one of several hibiscus called rosemallow.
 It is native to much of the southeastern United States, as well as parts of California and northern Mexico.
 It is a large, bushy perennial herb with sprawling stems reaching one to two meters long.
 The leaves are heart-shaped, toothed, and pointed, and generally between 6 and 10 centimeters long.
 The inflorescence holds large showy, solitary flowers.
 Each flower has a cup of partly fused sepals beneath a layer of slender bracts.
 These may be covered in hairs or woolly fibers.
 The flower's large petals may be up to 10 centimeters long and are generally bright white with red bases.
 The stamen tube and anthers are white or cream.
 The fruit is a capsule 2.5–3 centimeters long containing spherical seeds.
Hawaiian hibiscus are seven species of hibiscus regarded as native to Hawaii.
 The yellow hibiscus is Hawaii's state flower.
 Although tourists regularly associate the hibiscus flower within experiences visiting the US state of Hawaii, and the plant family Malvaceae includes a relatively large number of species that are native to the Hawaiian Islands, those flowers regularly observed by tourists are generally not the native hibiscus flowers.
 Most commonly grown as ornamental plants in the Islands are the Chinese hibiscus ("Hibiscus rosa-sinensis") and its numerous hybrids.
Hibiscus waimeae (white Kauai rosemallow, Hawaiian: "" , or ) is a species of flowering plant in the okra family, Malvaceae, that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻ i in Hawaii.
 It is a small gray-barked tree, reaching a height of 6 - and a trunk diameter of 0.3 m .
 The flowers last for a single day, starting out white and fading to pink in the afternoon.
 "H. arnottianus" of Oʻ ahu and Molokaʻ i and "H. waimeae" are the only Hawaiian hibiscuses that have white flowers.
 "H. waimeae" inhabits coastal mesic, mixed mesic, and wet forests at elevations of 250 – .
Hibiscus rosa-sinensis, known colloquially as Chinese hibiscus, China rose, Hawaiian hibiscus, and shoeblackplant, is a species of tropical hibiscus, a flowering plant in the Hibisceae tribe of the family Malvaceae, native to East Asia.
