The Big League World Series was a baseball tournament for children aged 15 to 18 years old that began in 1968.
 On August 26, 2016, Little League International announced that it was eliminating the Big League Level of both baseball and softball.
 It was patterned after the Little League World Series, which was named for the World Series in Major League Baseball.
 Most recently, the tournament was held in Easley, South Carolina.
The Big League World Series (BLWS) Southeast and Southwest regions were two of five United States regions that sent teams to the Big League World Series.
 The region's participation in the BLWS dated back to 1968 when it was known as the South Region.
 The Big League division of Little League Baseball was discontinued after the 2016 World Series.
The Big League World Series (BLWS) Host team was one of six United States "regions" that sent teams to the World Series.
 The Big League division was discontinued by Little League Baseball after the 2016 BLWS.
Intermediate, Junior, and Senior League Baseball are youth baseball divisions of Little League Baseball that are considered more advanced and difficult than younger Little League divisions due to more advanced rules, including the ability to lead-off and steal as the pitcher breaks, along with longer base paths and greater pitching distance.
 Junior League also includes the use of bats with 2+5/8 in barrels rather than the transitional 2+1/4 in barrels of Little League.
 Junior League also allows the use of metal spikes in cleats in addition to the molded or plastic spikes used in Little League.
 The Big League level was discontinued in the baseball and softball divisions — after the 2016 Big League World Series.
Kevin Costner & Modern West is a rock/country band which the actor Kevin Costner founded with the encouragement of his wife Christine.
 He began a worldwide tour with the band in October 2007, which included shows in Istanbul and Rome.
 It also performed at NASCAR Sprint Cup Series races at Daytona International Speedway and Lowe's Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina.
"Little Big Girl" is the twelfth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 11, 2007.
 It was written by Don Payne, and directed by Raymond S. Persi.
 Natalie Portman guest starred as a new character, Darcy.
 The title is a play on the Dustin Hoffman movie "Little Big Man".
 The last time the title was parodied was in season 11's "Little Big Mom."
Duane Davis, the son of NFL Hall of Fame defensive end Willie Davis and Ann Davis, is an American actor who has been in such films as "Ghosts of Mars" and "Paparazzi".
 He has made something of a career of playing athletes - famous or not.
 He played Joe Louis in a made-for-TV movie about "Rocky Marciano", James "Buster" Douglas in the HBO original movie "Tyson", Bo Kimble in and as ESU football star Alvin Mack in the 1993 film "The Program".
 Davis played Duke DePalma, a former boxer-turned-crime fighter in "Team Knight Rider", a short-lived spin-off series of the original "Knight Rider" TV series.
 He played a recurring character in "Sisters", and has been in other TV shows such as "M.A.N.T.I.S.", "L.A. Law", "A Different World", "What's Happening Now", "Head of the Class", "Little Big League", and "Necessary Roughness".
 He played a boxer in the movie "Diggstown" and also had a small role in Carl Reiner's 1987 comedy film, "Summer School."
The Senior League World Series is a baseball tournament for children aged 13 to 16 years old that began in 1961.
 In 2017, the tournament was moved from Bangor, Maine to Easley, South Carolina.
 (Easley was the site of the Big League World Series from 2001 to 2016.
 The Big League division was discontinued after the 2016 Big League World Series.)
 It is patterned after the Little League World Series, which was named for the World Series in Major League Baseball since 2002.
Ronald Jaimeer C. Humarang (born December 15, 1994 in Agoncillo, Batangas, Philippines) is a Filipino singer and actor.
 His career started when he joined "Little Big Star" where became a major part of the Big Division of Little Big Star Season I, along with the likes of Sam Concepcion and Charice Pempengco.
 He has also been part of the Little Big Star’s album with his own rendition of "Iisa Lang Tayo".
 He did not make it to the top this time.
 He auditioned for Little Big Superstar, the spin-off of Little Big Star, wherein he emerged as the "First Honor" or the "Champion".
Big Time Concert (also known as Big Time First Concert) is the 2010 second made-for-television movie of the series film franchise/season one finale for the television series, "Big Time Rush".
 It stars Kendall Schmidt, James Maslow, Carlos Pena Jr., Logan Henderson, Ciara Bravo, and Stephen Kramer Glickman.
 It premiered on Nickelodeon on August 20, 2010 at 8:00 p.m. ET.
 This movie included many recurring and guest star roles.
 It also featured the second and more major appearance of Phil LaMarr as Hawk, Gustavo's rival, who appears in "Big Time Sparks".
 In the movie, Hawk is the main villain.
