"Go West Young Man" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "Only Fools and Horses".
 It was the second episode of series 1, and was first screened on 15 September 1981.
 This was the lowest rated episode of the entire series, with only 6.1 million viewers.
 In the episode, Del sells a faulty car to an Australian man.
The World at One, or WATO ("what-oh") for short, is BBC Radio 4's long-running lunchtime news and current affairs programme, which is currently broadcast from 1.00 pm to 1.45 pm from Monday to Friday.
 The programme describes itself as "Britain's leading political programme.
 With a reputation for rigorous and original investigation, it is required listening in Westminster".
 Because of the programme's nature it is often agenda setting, with interviews leading the headlines from lunchtime through to early evening.
"Three Men, a Woman and a Baby" is an episode of the BBC sitcom "Only Fools and Horses".
 It was the final episode of series 7, and was first broadcast on 3 February 1991.
 This is the last episode of the last regular series, although Christmas specials were broadcast intermittently until 2003.
 In this episode, the birth of Del and Raquel's baby is imminent.
 Damien Trotter appears in the show for the first time in the episode's finale.
"A Losing Streak" is the third episode of series 2 of the BBC sitcom, "Only Fools and Horses".
 It was first broadcast on 4 November 1982.
 The episode title was a pun on the term "winning streak".
 In the episode, Del Boy plays a high-stakes game of poker with Boycie.
 Also, this is the only episode in the series in which Boycie serves as an antagonist.
Rageh Omaar ( ; Somali: "Raage Oomaar" , Arabic: ‎ ‎ ; born 19 July 1967) is a Somali-born British journalist and writer.
 He was a BBC world affairs correspondent, where he made his name reporting from Iraq.
 In September 2006, he moved to a new post at Al Jazeera English, where he presented the nightly weekday documentary series "Witness" until January 2010.
 "The Rageh Omaar Report", first aired February 2010, is a one-hour, monthly investigative documentary in which he reports on international current affairs stories.
 From January 2013, he became a special correspondent and presenter for ITV News, reporting on a broad range of news stories, as well as producing special in-depth reports from all around the UK and further afield.
 A year after his appointment, Omaar was promoted to International Affairs Editor for ITV News.
 Since October 2015, alongside his duties as International Affairs Editor, he has been a Deputy Newscaster of ITV News at Ten.
 Since September 2017 Ommar has occasionally presented the ITV Lunchtime News "including the ITV News London Lunchtime Bulletin" and the ITV Evening News.
BBC Radio 3 New Generation Artists scheme (also known as the NGA scheme) was launched in 1999 by Adam Gatehouse as part of the BBC's commitment to young musical talent.
 Each autumn six or seven young artists at the beginning of careers on the national and international music scenes join the scheme for a two-year period.
 Since 2006 a jazz artist has also been invited every other year.
 The artists are given performance opportunities, including Radio 3 studio recordings, appearances and recordings with the BBC Orchestras and appearances at several music festivals, including the Cheltenham International Festival and the BBC Proms.
 They also regularly appear at the Edinburgh Festival, Aldeburgh Festival, East Neuk Festival, Gregynog Festival, Lufthansa Festival of Baroque Music and the York Early Music Festival.
 Artists also appear at London's Wigmore Hall in the Radio 3 Lunchtime Concert series, as well as at The Sage Gateshead and other UK concert venues UK.
"I Done It My Way" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "The Green Green Grass".
 It aired on 19 February 2009, as the seventh episode of the fourth series.
 This episode acted as a ‘clip show’ for both "Only Fools and Horses" and "The Green Green Grass".
 In total, the episode contained around forty clips, some of which were made specially for this episode.
"Time on Our Hands" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "Only Fools and Horses".
 It was the final episode of the 1996 Christmas trilogy and the fifteenth Christmas special, It was first screened on 29 December 1996.
 It attracted a television audience of 24.3 million, a record for a British sitcom.
 In the episode, the Trotters finally become millionaires and Del decides to invest in the futures market.
The BBC News at One is the afternoon/lunchtime news bulletin from the BBC.
 Produced by BBC News, the programme is broadcast on BBC One and the BBC News channel every weekday at 1:00pm.
 The programme is usually presented by Sophie Raworth every Monday to Thursday and Kate Silverton on Friday.
"The Chance of a Lunchtime" is an episode of the BBC sitcom "Only Fools and Horses".
 It was the second episode of series 7, and first broadcast on 6 January 1991.
 In the episode, Raquel auditions for a role in a Shakespeare play.
 Elsewhere, Del tries to sell musical national anthem doorbells.
