Apple chat fruit MLO, also known as "apple small fruit" and "chat fruit of apple", is a mycoplasma-like organism (MLO) that affects only apple trees, specifically Lord Lambourne and Tydeman's Early Worcester, though in North America, Turley, Winesap, Jonathan, and Golden Delicious can be affected.
 Symptoms include delayed fruit development, smaller green apples during harvest, delayed fruit drop, and circular spots on the apples themselves.
 The disease is widespread throughout Europe, especially England and Wales, but is also present in parts of North America, South Africa, and New Zealand.
 There are no known insect vectors and no transmission method other than grafting is known.
 The disease itself is not fully systemic and virulency is varied among individuals.
George Baker (born Johannes (Hans) Bouwens, 8 December 1944) is a Dutch singer and songwriter who, with his band George Baker Selection, scored two international hits in the 1970s, "Paloma Blanca" and "Little Green Bag."
 He became a solo artist after 1989.
 "Little Green Bag" was used as the opening soundtrack for the movie "Reservoir Dogs."
Stovall and George, country musicians based in southern California, probably wrote the song in 1958, when it was first recorded (but not released until many years later) by Wynn Stewart.
 The first released version was Stovall's, in 1961, followed by Glen Campbell's in 1962.
 The only charting single of the song (in 1968 it reached #73 on the US country charts) was Jody Miller's, her version was also on her 1968 album "The Nashville Sound of Jody Miller".
 O. C. Smith's version was released as the B-side of his million-selling crossover hit "Little Green Apples" in 1968.
 Elvis Presley's version appeared on his classic 1969 "From Elvis in Memphis" album.
O.C. Smith (June 21, 1932 – November 23, 2001) was an American musician.
 His recording of "Little Green Apples" went to number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1968 and sold over one million records.
Stuffed apples (Azerbaijani: "Alma dolması" , Turkish: "Elma dolması" ) are made of apples stuffed with meat (lamb) and rice.
 The ingredients typically include green apples, minced meat, rice, onion, tomato paste, parsley, mint, cinnamon, salt, black pepper, and vegetable oil.
Little Green Apples is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1969 and released on the Solid State label.
Enanitos Verdes (Literally "Little green dwarfs", roughly equivalent to the English phrase "Little green men") is a rock trio from Argentina, formed in 1979 in the city of Mendoza.
"Little Green Apples" is a song written by Bobby Russell.
 Originally written for and released by American recording artist Roger Miller in 1968, it also was released as a single by American recording artists Patti Page and O. C. Smith in separate occasions that same year.
 Miller's version became a Top 40 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and on the UK Singles Chart, while Page's version became her last Hot 100 entry and Smith's version became a No. 2 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 The song earned Russell two Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Best Country Song.
 In 2013, "Little Green Apples" was covered by English recording artist Robbie Williams featuring American recording artist Kelly Clarkson, which became a top 40 hit in Mexico.
Richmond Green is a recreation area located near the centre of Richmond, a town of about 20,000 inhabitants situated in south west London.
 Owned by the Crown Estate, it is leased to the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
 The Green, which has been described as "one of the most beautiful urban greens surviving anywhere in England", is essentially square in shape and its open grassland, framed with broadleaf trees, extends to roughly twelve acres.
 On the north-east side there is also a smaller open space called Little Green.
 Richmond Green and Little Green are overlooked by a mixture of period townhouses, historic buildings and municipal and commercial establishments including the Richmond Lending Library and Richmond Theatre.
 On summer weekends and public holidays the Green attracts many residents and visitors.
 It has a long history of hosting sporting events; from the 16th century onwards tournaments and archery contests have taken place on the Green, while cricket matches have occurred since the mid 18th century, continuing to the present day.
Puzzle People is the eleventh studio album released by American soul quintet The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label in 1969.
 Produced entirely by Norman Whitfield, "Puzzle People" takes the next step along the path that "Cloud Nine" started, and takes the Temptations further away from a classic soul sound, and more towards the realm of psychedelic soul.
 Although a few ballads, including "Running Away (Ain't Gonna Help You)," are still present, the album is primarily composed of Sly & the Family Stone/James Brown-derived proto-funk tracks such as the lead single "Don't Let the Joneses Get You Down," and the number-one Billboard Pop hit "I Can't Get Next to You."
 Also included are psychedelic-styled covers (recorded with distorted guitars, clavinets, and spacy reverb and sound effects) of contemporary songs such as The Isley Brothers' "It's Your Thing," The Beatles' "Hey Jude," and Roger Miller's "Little Green Apples."
