Lieutenant-General Herbert Lumsden & Bar, MC (8 April 1897 – 6 January 1945) was a senior British Army officer who fought in both World War I and World War II.
 He was the most senior British Army combat casualty of the Second World War.
Field Marshal John Standish Surtees Prendergast Vereker, 6th Viscount Gort & Two Bars, (10 July 1886 – 31 March 1946) was a senior British Army officer.
 As a young officer during the First World War he was decorated with the Victoria Cross for his actions during the Battle of the Canal du Nord.
 During the 1930s he served as Chief of the Imperial General Staff (the professional head of the British Army).
 He is most famous for commanding the British Expeditionary Force sent to France in the first year of the Second World War, which was evacuated from Dunkirk.
 Gort later served as Governor of Gibraltar and Malta, and High Commissioner for Palestine and Transjordan.
Field Marshal Herbert Charles Onslow Plumer, 1st Viscount Plumer, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (13 March 1857 – 16 July 1932) was a senior British Army officer of the First World War.
 After commanding V Corps at the Second Battle of Ypres in April 1915, he took command of the Second Army in May 1915 and in June 1917 won an overwhelming victory over the German Army at the Battle of Messines, which started with the simultaneous explosion of a series of mines placed by the Royal Engineers' tunnelling companies beneath German lines, which created 19 large craters and was described as the "loudest explosion in human history".
 He later served as Commander-in-Chief of the British Army of the Rhine and then as Governor of Malta before becoming High Commissioner of the British Mandate for Palestine in 1925 and retiring in 1928.
Brigadier Stanley James Ledger Hill {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} & Two Bars, MC (14 March 1911 – 16 March 2006) was a British Army officer, who served as commander of the 3rd Parachute Brigade, part of the 6th Airborne Division, during World War II.
 Born in Bath, Somerset, Hill was educated at Marlborough College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst before joining the British Army in 1931 and being commissioned into the Royal Fusiliers.
 He commanded a platoon for a short period, and was then attached to the command post of Field Marshal Lord Gort during the Battle of France in May 1940, where he oversaw the evacuation of Brussels as well as the beach at De Panne during the evacuation of Dunkirk.
 After a brief period of time in the Irish Free State, he volunteered for parachute training and joined the 1st Parachute Battalion, and was its commanding officer when its parent formation, the 1st Parachute Brigade, was deployed to North Africa.
Brigadier Matthew Philip Maer DSO, MBE is a senior British Army officer of the Princess of Wales's Royal Regiment.
 Maer commanded 1st Battalion, Princess of Wales's Royal Regiment as a Lieutenant-Colonel, deploying to Maysan, Iraq in 2004/5 in the aftermath of the invasion.
 In this role, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his leadership, which included command of Victoria Cross recipient Johnson Beharry.
 Maer was promoted colonel on 30 June 2006, and brigadier on 30 June 2009.
 He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire on 6 November 1998.
The Commander Regional Forces (CRF) was a senior British Army officer who had command over the "Regenerative Divisions" of the British Army i.e. those divisions that are not on full strength and would only be mobilised in a national emergency.
 The post was held by a Lieutenant General and was based at HQ Land Forces.
 The post holder was also Inspector-General of the Territorial Army.
General Sir Nicholas Patrick "Nick" Carter, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 11 February 1959) is a senior British Army officer.
 He served as commanding officer of 2nd Battalion, Royal Green Jackets in which role he was deployed to Bosnia in 1998 and Kosovo in 1999.
 After service in Afghanistan, he took command of 20th Armoured Brigade in 2004 and commanded British forces in Basra.
 He was subsequently appointed General Officer Commanding 6th Division, which was deployed to Afghanistan with Carter as Commander ISAF Regional Command South, before he became Director-General Land Warfare.
 After that he became Deputy Commander Land Forces in which role he was the main architect of the Army 2020 concept.
 After a tour as Deputy Commander, International Security Assistance Force, he assumed the position of Commander Land Forces in November 2013.
 In September 2014, he became head of the British Army as Chief of the General Staff succeeding General Sir Peter Wall.
Arthur James Ledger Hill (26 July 1871 in Bassett, Hampshire – 6 September 1950 in Spursholt House, Romsey, Hampshire) was an English cricketer.
General Sir Richard Nugent O'Connor & Bar, MC (21 August 1889 – 17 June 1981) was a senior British Army officer who fought in both the First and Second World Wars, and commanded the Western Desert Force in the early years of the Second World War.
 He was the field commander for Operation "Compass", in which his forces destroyed a much larger Italian army – a victory which nearly drove the Axis from Africa, and in turn, led Adolf Hitler to send the German Africa Corps under Erwin Rommel to try to reverse the situation.
 O'Connor was captured by a German reconnaissance patrol during the night of 7 April 1941 and spent over two years in an Italian prisoner of war camp.
 He eventually escaped after the fall of Mussolini in the autumn of 1943.
 In 1944 he commanded VIII Corps in the Battle of Normandy and later during Operation Market Garden.
 In 1945 he was General Officer in Command of the Eastern Command in India and then, in the closing days of British rule in the subcontinent, he headed Northern Command.
 His final job in the army was Adjutant-General to the Forces in London, in charge of the British Army's administration, personnel and organisation.
Field Marshal Sir John Greer Dill, (25 December 1881 – 4 November 1944) was a senior British Army officer with service in both the First World War and the Second World War.
 From May 1940 to December 1941 he was the Chief of the Imperial General Staff (CIGS), the professional head of the British Army, and subsequently in Washington, D.C., as Chief of the British Joint Staff Mission and then Senior British Representative on the Combined Chiefs of Staff (CCS), played a significant role during the Second World War in the formation of the "Special Relationship" between the United Kingdom and the United States.
