The 3rd APAN Star Awards () is an awards ceremony for excellence in television in South Korea.
 It was held at the Hall of Jeongsimhwa International Cultural Center, Chungnam National University in Daejeon on November 15, 2014 and hosted by T-ara's Park So-yeon and Kim Sung-joo.
 The nominees were chosen from 87 Korean dramas that aired from November 1, 2013 to September 2014.
The 2nd APAN Star Awards () is an awards ceremony for excellence in television in South Korea.
 It was held at the Hall of Jeongsimhwa International Cultural Center, Chungnam National University in Daejeon on November 16, 2013 and hosted by T-ara's Park So-yeon and Lee Hwi-jae.
 The nominees were chosen from 75 Korean dramas that aired from November 1, 2012 to September 30, 2013.
Park So-yeon (born October 5, 1987), better known mononymously as Soyeon, is a South Korean singer and actress.
 She is best known as the former main vocalist and member of South Korean girl group T-ara.
Drew Sidora Jordan (born May 1, 1985), better known by her stage name Drew Sidora, is an American actress and singer known for her recurring role as Chantel in the Disney Channel Original Series "That's So Raven", also as Lucille "Lucy" Avila in the 2006 movie "Step Up" and starred as Tionne Watkins in the VH1 TLC biographical film "".
 She is also known for portraying a fictionalized version of herself on the BET comedy-drama television series "The Game".
Lisa Nicole Lopes (May 27, 1971 – April 25, 2002), better known by her stage name Left Eye, was an American hip hop singer, rapper, actress, songwriter and producer.
 She rose to fame in the early 1990s as one-third of the girl group TLC, alongside Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins and Rozonda "Chilli" Thomas.
 Besides rapping and singing background vocals on TLC recordings, Lopes was one of the creative forces behind the group.
 She received more cowriting credits than the other members.
 She also designed the outfits and stage for the group and brought concepts to the group image, album titles, artworks and music videos.
 Through her work with TLC, Lopes won four Grammy Awards.
TLC is an American girl group whose original line-up consisted of Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins, Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes and Rozonda "Chilli" Thomas.
 Formed in Atlanta, Georgia in 1990, the group was very successful during the 1990s despite numerous spats with the law, each other, and the group's record label and management.
 They scored nine top-ten hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100, including four number-one singles "Creep", "Waterfalls", "No Scrubs", and "Unpretty".
 The group also recorded four multi-platinum albums, including "CrazySexyCool" (1994) which still remains the only album by a female group to receive a diamond certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 TLC also became the first R&B group in history to receive Million certification from the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for "FanMail" (1999).
"Way Back" is a song by American girl group TLC, featuring Snoop Dogg, from their fifth studio album, "TLC" (2017).
 It was released as the lead single on April 14, 2017, by newly formed label 852 Musiq and UK-based independent record company Cooking Vinyl.
 The song was written by group member Tionne Watkins and James Abrahart and was produced by D'Mile.
R U the Girl (also known as R U the Girl with T-Boz and Chilli) is an American reality series that aired on UPN in 2005.
 The series featured Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins and Rozonda "Chilli" Thomas, the remaining members of the all-girl R&B group TLC whose former member, Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes, died in a car crash in Honduras on April 25, 2002.
 Initially promoted as a contest to permanently replace Lopes 3 years after her death by TLC themselves, both Watkins and Thomas admitted that the winner of the contest would not be joining TLC full-time and would not be a full-time replacement member; the winner would only provide guest vocals on a new single by the duo.
Anuthatantrum is a rap album by Da Brat.
 It was released in 1996 and went Gold in 1997.
 A single culled from the album was "Ghetto Love", which featured TLC member Tionne Watkins and peaked at #20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
"Girl Talk" is a song by American group TLC.
 It was written by band members Lisa Lopes and Tionne Watkins along with Anita McLoud, Edmund "Eddie Hustle" Clement, and Kandi Burruss for the group's fourth studio album, "3D" (2002).
 Featuring production by Hustle, it was released as the album's lead single in September 2002, along with a previously unreleased song "Get Away".
 While the song contains vocals by Lisa Lopes, the music video for "Girl Talk" marked the band's first release without Lopes, following her death in April of the same year.
