In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
The McLaren MP4-19 is a Formula One racing car that was built by McLaren for the 2004 season.
 It was designed by Adrian Newey, and driven by Kimi Räikkönen and David Coulthard.
 It was described as a "debugged version" of the ill-fated McLaren MP4-18, but it was not a successful car.
 The team suffered various problems concerning reliability at the beginning of the season, with eight retirements in five races.
 By mid-season a new car, the MP4-19B, was required.
 This was an all-new car with a radically redesigned aerodynamic package.
 The results were immediately positive and gave the team hope of a better end to the season.
 Coulthard qualified third for the MP4-19B's first race at the French Grand Prix, followed by further points and podiums from both drivers.
 The upgrade was finally justified when Räikkönen gave the team its only win of the season when he won the Belgian Grand Prix.
Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
Dave Ryan (born 12 May 1954 in New Zealand) was formerly the Racing Director of the Manor Formula One team (until their collapse before the 2017 season), and also formerly worked for the McLaren Formula One team as chief Mechanic, Team Manager and finally Sporting Director.
 He spent 35 years with McLaren until he left in April 2009 and set up VonRyan Racing to compete in GT racing.
Nick Egan (born July 4, 1957 in London, England) is a visual design artist, and director of music videos, commercials and film.
 He graduated from the Watford College of Art and Design with a DGA in 1976.
 While attending college, he created cover art for the singles "White Man In Hammersmith Palais" and "Tommy Gun" for The Clash and T-shirt design for the single "Sheena is A Punk Rocker" for The Ramones.
 His first chart topping album cover was Dexys Midnight Runners' 'Searching For The Young Soul Rebels'.
 He collaborated with former Sex Pistols manager and fashion entrepreneur Mr. Malcolm McLaren, for whom he designed the album cover for Bow Wow Wow's 'See Jungle'.
 His longtime partnership with McLaren McLaren led the art direction of McLaren's own inventive albums; Duck Rock and 'Fans'.
 Egan relocated from Britain to New York, where he created cover art for legendary artists like Bob Dylan and Iggy Pop.
 Egan also art directed books; John Lennon "Listen To These Pictures" by Rock-n-Roll photographer Bob Gruen and Bob Dylan's "Drawn Blank".
Ryan McLaren (born 9 February 1983, Kimberley, Cape Province, South Africa) is a South African cricketer, who plays for all formats in international level.
 He is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler.
Adrian Peter McLaren (born 21 April 1980 in Kimberley, Northern Cape) is a South African first class cricketer who plays for Griqualand West.
 A right-handed batsman, McLaren was the second highest runs scorer in the SAA Provincial Challenge for 2006-07 with 807 runs at 62.07, including 4 hundreds.
 His cousin Ryan McLaren also plays domestic cricket in South Africa.
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
The McLaren MP4-21 is a Formula One car designed by Adrian Newey for the 2006 Formula One season.
 The car continues the MP4-X naming system and is notable for its striking chrome livery designed to maximize the visibility of the team's new primary sponsor Emirates, bringing an end to the West livery used since .
 The distinctive needle-nose design was previously used on the MP4-19 in .
 The MP4-21 was the first McLaren car to be powered by purely Mercedes-Benz engines after 10 years partnership with Ilmor.
