Transmisogyny (sometimes trans-misogyny) is the intersection of transphobia and misogyny.
 Transphobia is defined as "the irrational fear of, aversion to, or discrimination against transgender or transsexual people".
 Misogyny is defined as "a hatred of women".
 Therefore, transmisogyny includes negative attitudes, hate, and discrimination of transgender or transsexual individuals who fall on the feminine side of the gender spectrum.
 The term was coined by Julia Serano in her 2007 book "Whipping Girl" and used to describe the unique discrimination faced by trans women because of "the assumption that femaleness and femininity are inferior to, and exist primarily for the benefit of, maleness and masculinity", and the way that transphobia intensifies the misogyny faced by trans women (and vice versa).
 The term discusses how many trans women experience an additional layer of misogyny in the form of fetishization; Serano talks about how society views trans women in certain ways that sexualize them, such as them transitioning for sexual reasons, or ways where they’re seen as sexually promiscuous.Transmisogyny is a central concept in transfeminism and is commonly seen in intersectional feminist theory.
 The suggestion that trans women's femaleness (rather than their femininity) is a source of transmisogyny is rejected by some feminists, who do not regard trans women as female.
Gender polarization is a concept in sociology by American psychologist Sandra Bem which states that societies tend to define femininity and masculinity as polar opposite genders, such that male-acceptable behaviors and attitudes are not seen as appropriate for women, and vice versa.
 The theory is an extension of the sex and gender distinction in sociology in which sex refers to the biological differences between men and women, while gender refers to the cultural differences between them, such that "gender" describes the "socially constructed roles, behaviours, activities, and attributes that a given society considers appropriate for men and women".
 According to Bem, gender polarization begins when natural sex differences are exaggerated in culture; for example, women have less hair than men, and men have more muscles than women, but these physical differences are exaggerated culturally when women remove hair from their faces and legs and armpits, and when men engage in body building exercises to emphasize their muscle mass.
 She explained that gender polarization goes further, when cultures construct "differences from scratch to make the sexes even more different from one another than they would otherwise be", perhaps by dictating specific hair styles for men and women, which are noticeably distinct, or separate clothing styles for men and women.
 When genders become polarized, according to the theory, there is no overlap, no shared behaviors or attitudes between men and women; rather, they are distinctly opposite.
 She argued that these distinctions become so "all-encompassing" that they "pervade virtually every aspect of human existence", not just hairstyles and clothing but how men and women express emotion and experience sexual desire.
 She argued that male-female differences are "superimposed on so many aspects of the social world that a cultural connection is thereby forged between sex and virtually every other aspect of human experience".
Gender variance, or gender nonconformity, is behavior or gender expression by an individual that does not match masculine and feminine gender norms.
 People who exhibit gender variance may be called "gender variant", "gender non-conforming", "gender diverse," "gender atypical" or "genderqueer", and may be transgender or otherwise variant in their gender identity.
 In the case of transgender people, they may be perceived, or perceive themselves as, gender nonconforming before transitioning, but might not be perceived as such after transitioning.
 Some intersex people may also exhibit gender variance.
Gender identity is one's personal experience of one's own gender.
 Gender identity can correlate with assigned sex at birth, or can differ from it completely.
 All societies have a set of gender categories that can serve as the basis of the formation of a person's social identity in relation to other members of society.
 In most societies, there is a basic division between gender attributes assigned to males and females, a gender binary to which most people adhere and which includes expectations of masculinity and femininity in all aspects of sex and gender: biological sex, gender identity, and gender expression.
 In all societies, some individuals do not identify with some (or all) of the aspects of gender that are assigned to their biological sex; some of those individuals are transgender or genderqueer.
 Some societies have third gender categories.
Genderqueer (GQ), also termed non-binary (NB), is a catch-all category for gender identities that are not exclusively masculine or feminineidentities which are thus outside the gender binary and cisnormativity.
 Genderqueer people may express a combination of masculinity and femininity, or neither, in their gender expression.
Discwoman is a New York based collective, booking agency, and event platform representing and showcasing female-identified (cis women, transwomen, and gender queer) talent in the electronic music community.
 It was founded in 2014 by Frankie Decaiza Hutchinson who does the outreach for the agency dealing with Public Relations and social media, Emma Burgess-Olson (a.k.a. UMFANG) as the resident DJ, and Christine McCharen-Tran who is the event producer and business powerhouse.
 Discwoman's regular club nights and touring events highlight emerging and established artists from around the world.
 Music produced by world-renowned female artists include The Black Madonna, Nicole Moudaber, Star Eyes, Sandunes, Demian Licht, and Nina Sonik whom have contributed to the electronic music culture.
 The gender imbalance in EDM (electronic dance music) is self-evident showing women making up to ~10.8% of artists in electronic music festivals.
 In a 2015 report by , it is stated that men comprised 82% of 44 international festivals’ lineups.
 Discwoman gives feminine-identified talent the platform and more visibility by booking them at bigger venues, streamlining the growth process, and ensuring the artists they are paid what they are worth in a male-dominated dance music industry.
A soft butch, or stem (stud-fem), is a woman who exhibits some stereotypical butch and lesbian traits without fitting the masculine stereotype associated with butch lesbians.
 Soft butch is on the spectrum of butch, as are stone butch and masculine, whereas on the contrary, ultra fem, high femme, and lipstick lesbian are some labels on the spectrum of lesbians with a more prominent expression of femininity, also known as femmes.
 Soft butches have gender identities of women, but primarily display masculine characteristics; soft butches predominantly express masculinity with a touch of femininity.
 The "hardness", or label depicting one's level of masculine expression as a butch is dependent upon the fluidity of her gender expression.
 Soft butches might want to express themselves through their clothing and hairstyle in a more masculine way, but their behavior in a more traditionally feminine way.
 For example, these traits of a soft butch may or may not include short hair, clothing that was designed for men, and masculine mannerisms and behaviors.
 Soft butches generally appear androgynous, rather than adhering to strictly feminine or masculine norms and gender identities.
 Soft butches generally physically, sexually, and romantically express themselves in more masculine than feminine ways in the majority of those categories.
Femininity (also called girlishness, womanliness or womanhood) is a set of attributes, behaviors, and roles generally associated with girls and women.
 Femininity is socially constructed, but made up of both socially-defined and biologically-created factors.
 This makes it distinct from the definition of the biological female sex, as both males and females can exhibit feminine traits.
 People who exhibit a combination of both masculine and feminine characteristics are considered androgynous, and feminist philosophers have argued that gender ambiguity may blur gender classification.
 Modern conceptualizations of femininity also rely not just upon social constructions, but upon the individualized choices made by women.
Transitioning is the process of changing one's gender presentation and/or sex characteristics to accord with one's internal sense of gender identity – the idea of what it means to be a man or a woman, or genderqueer (in-between).
 For transgender and transsexual people, this process commonly involves reassignment therapy (which may include hormone replacement therapy and sex reassignment surgery), with their gender identity being opposite that of their birth-assigned sex and gender.
 Transitioning might involve medical treatment, but it does not always involve it.
 For genderqueer people, it is neither solely female nor male.
 Cross-dressers, drag queens, and drag kings tend not to transition, since their variant gender presentations are (usually) only adopted temporarily.
Transgender people are people who have a gender identity or gender expression that differs from their assigned sex.
 Transgender people are sometimes called "transsexual" if they desire medical assistance to transition from one sex to another.
 "Transgender" is also an umbrella term: in addition to including people whose gender identity is the "opposite" of their assigned sex (trans men and trans women), it may include people who are not exclusively masculine or feminine (people who are genderqueer/non-binary, e.g. bigender, pangender, genderfluid, or agender).
 Other definitions of "transgender" also include people who belong to a third gender, or conceptualize transgender people as a third gender.
 Infrequently, the term "transgender" is defined very broadly to include cross-dressers, regardless of their gender identity.
