Freddie Wong (born September 13, 1985) is an American filmmaker, musician, VFX artist and competitive gamer.
 Wong participates in at least three YouTube channels, with "RocketJump", his production company's main channel, supporting over 7 million subscribers, "BrandonJLa", a secondary channel with behind the scenes videos and other content, which holds over 1.2 million subscribers, and "Node", a gaming channel with over 1.8 million subscribers.
 He is also known for creating the web series "Video Game High School".
Vitaly Zdorovetskiy (Russian: Вита́лий Здорове́цкий ; ] ; born March 8, 1992), better known by his YouTube username VitalyzdTv, is a Russian-American YouTube personality whose main channel videos, as of December 2016, have reached over 1.3 billion views and over 9.2 million subscribers, while his vlog channel has more than 250 million views and 1.9 million subscribers.
Terry Martin (1937 – May 12, 2012) was a California surfer and surfboard shaper who worked for Hobie Surfboards, shaping more than 80,000 surfboards, including boards for surf legends such as Corky Carroll and Phil Edwards.
Philip ("Phil") Edwards (born June 10, 1938) is an American surfer from Oceanside, California.
 He is credited with being the first to surf the Banzai pipeline in Hawaii, being the first professional surfer, and creating the first signature surf board.
 He was the subject of a cover story, and his photo appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated in 1966.
 Edwards was also featured prominently in the Bruce Brown films "The Endless Summer" and before that "Surfing Hollow Days" which featured the first film footage of Pipeline.
Peter Alexis Shukoff (born August 15, 1979), also known as Nice Peter, is an American comedian, musician and Internet personality.
 A self-described "Comic/Guitar Hero," he is best known for the comedy on his YouTube channel, NicePeter, especially the comedic series "Epic Rap Battles of History".
 As of June 8, 2016, NicePeter has over 2.6 million YouTube subscribers.
 The day after hitting one million subscribers, the video game channel G4 crowned Nice Peter the King of Dot Comedy on "Attack of the Show".
 His two channels, Nice Peter and Epic Rap Battles (ERB) have a total of over 16 million subscribers, and 3.5 billion views as of January 2017.
 He also has a third channel that he uses for vlogs and "Monday Shows", a show that he uploads on either Mondays or Tuesdays that he shows a couple different segments including "Viewer Mail", "Twitter Question Time", and "Ask a Giraffe".
 They have been featured on the Huffington Post, Billboard.com, and the January 2012 issue of "Wired".
 An interview with "Forbes" details Peter and his partner Lloyd Ahlquist's rise to fame.
Crazy Stone () is a 2006 mainland Chinese black comedy film directed by Ning Hao and produced by Andy Lau.
 It was immensely popular, earning 6 million RMB in its first week and more than 23 million RMB (US$3 million) in total box office in Mainland China, despite its low budget (3 million HKD/US$400,000) and cast of unknowns.
 The movie was shot digitally on HD cameras and produced as part of Andy Lau's "FOCUS: First Cuts" series.
The Kriminal-Magazin ("Crime Magazine") was a German entertainment magazine that published crime fiction every month during 1929-1931.
 The magazine was distributed by the Leipzig publishing house Wilhelm Goldmann, selling about 100,000 copies per issue.
 The publisher was the English writer Edgar Wallace, whose photo was seen on each cover on the bottom left.
 The magazine included about 100 pages and was relatively cheap, mainly because it was financed largely through advertising.
Suddenlink Communications is an American telecommunications subsidiary of Altice USA which specializes in cable television, high-speed internet, broadband phone, home security and advertising.
 Prior to its acquisition by Altice the company was the seventh largest cable operator with 1.5 million residential and 90,000 business subscribers.
 After Altice acquired Cablevision Systems Corporation (Cablevision) on November 30, 2016 Suddenlink was combined with Cablevision to become Altice's American division known as Altice USA.
 Together with Optimum, the service brand name used by Cablevision for its products, Altice USA became the United States' fourth largest cable operator with 4.6 million subscribers and the sixth largest pay tv service provider with 3.50 million subscribers.
Sports Illustrated is an American sports media franchise owned by Time Inc. Its self-titled magazine has over 3 million subscribers and is read by 23 million people each week, including over 18 million men.
 It was the first magazine with circulation over one million to win the National Magazine Award for General Excellence twice.
 Its swimsuit issue, which has been published since 1964, is now an annual publishing event that generates its own television shows, videos and calendars.
The Gorgeous Guy was the name given to a man whose photo appeared on an internet message board, with various posts describing his life.
 The photo was of Dan Baca, and it was later revealed to be an elaborate hoax, set up by Baca himself.
