Beyond the Sky and Earth or Beyond the Sky and the Earth: A Journey into Bhutan is a memoir written by Jamie Zeppa of her experience working as a lecturer in English at the Sherubtse College near Trashigang in eastern Bhutan.
 Zeppa took up an assignment for two years.
 Initially she started writing a fiction based on her experience there, but she was suggested to write it in memoir form and she took the advice.
 The book was first published in 1999.
 The title of the book is derived from an expression of thankfulness in the Bhutanese language which means "I am thankful to you beyond the earth and sky".
Goodbye, Antoura: A Memoir of the Armenian Genocide is a memoir written by Karnig Panian, and published in English by the Stanford University Press in 2015.
 The memoir, originally written in Armenian, follows the five-year old Karnig Panian through the years of the Armenian Genocide, through Anatolia and Syria, and finally to the College St. Joseph in Antoura, Lebanon, where the Ottoman Government had established an orphanage to Turkify surviving Armenian and Kurdish children.
The First Men in the Moon, also promoted as H.G. Wells' The First Men in the Moon, is a 2010 made for TV drama written by Mark Gatiss, directed by Damon Thomas, that stars Gatiss as Cavor and Rory Kinnear as Bedford, with Alex Riddell, Peter Forbes, Katherine Jakeways, Lee Ingleby and Julia Deakin.
 "The First Men on the Moon" was first broadcast on 19 October 2010 on BBC Four.
 It is an adaptation of H. G. Wells' science fiction novel of the same name.
 This is the third collaboration between Thomas and Gatiss (after "The Worst Journey In The World" and "Crooked House"), and the first film to be produced by their production company Can Do Productions.
Armenian Golgotha (Armenian: Հայ Գողգոթան ) is a memoir written by Grigoris Balakian about his eyewitness account of the Armenian Genocide.
 The memoir was released in two volumes.
 Volume 1, about his life prior and during the Armenian Genocide, was released in 1922.
 Volume 2, about his life as a fugitive after the Genocide, was released in 1959.
 Originally published in Armenian, the memoir was later published in various languages including an English translation by his grandnephew Peter Balakian with Aris Sevag.
Apsley George Benet Cherry-Garrard (2 January 1886 – 18 May 1959) was an English explorer of Antarctica.
 He was a member of the Terra Nova Expedition and is acclaimed for his historical account of this expedition, "The Worst Journey in the World".
Kate McAll is Executive Producer, Radio Drama at BBC Wales.
 There she is a radio director and producer for BBC Radio 3 and Radio 4.
 Her credits include "How I Live Now" (Radio 3) and "The Worst Journey in the World" (Radio 4), along with seven Torchwood radio episodes.
Stitches: A Memoir is a graphic memoir written and illustrated by David Small.
 It tells the story of Small's journey from sickly child to cancer patient, to the troubled teen who made a risky decision to run away from home at sixteen—with nothing more than the dream of becoming an artist.
 It is a story about voicelessness—both physical and psychological—told artfully in pictures that made Jules Feiffer say, "It left me speechless."
The Worst Journey in the World is a memoir of the 1910–1913 British Antarctic Expedition led by Robert Falcon Scott.
 It was written and published in 1922 by a member of the expedition, Apsley Cherry-Garrard, and has earned wide praise for its frank treatment of the difficulties of the expedition, the causes of its disastrous outcome, and the meaning (if any) of human suffering under extreme conditions.
On radio, Meadows has appeared in "Lost Souls" and "The Worst Journey in the World", both first broadcast in 2008 and directed by Kate McAll for BBC Radio 4.
The Worst Journey in the World is a 2007 BBC Television docudrama based on the memoir of the same name by polar explorer Apsley Cherry-Garrard.
 The narrator Barry Letts, best known for his tenure as the producer of "Doctor Who", played Cherry-Garrard in the 1948 film "Scott of the Antarctic".
