Elizabeth Claypole ("née" Cromwell; 2 July 1629 – 6 August 1658) was the second daughter of Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and his wife, Elizabeth Cromwell, and reportedly interceded with her father for royalist prisoners.
 After Cromwell created a peerage for her husband, John Claypole, she was known as Lady Claypole.
 She was buried in Westminster Abbey.
The Cromwell family is an English aristocratic family.
 Its most famous members are: Thomas Cromwell, 1st Earl of Essex, and Oliver Cromwell, the Lord Protector.
 The line of Oliver Cromwell descends from Richard Williams (alias Cromwell), son of Thomas Cromwell's sister Katherine and her husband Morgan Williams.
The Protectorate was the period during the Commonwealth (or, to monarchists, the Interregnum) when England and Wales, Ireland and Scotland were governed by a Lord Protector.
 The Protectorate began in 1653 when, following the dissolution of the Rump Parliament and then Barebone's Parliament, Oliver Cromwell was appointed Lord Protector of the Commonwealth under the terms of the Instrument of Government.
 In 1659 the Protectorate Parliament was dissolved by the Committee of Safety as Richard Cromwell, who had succeeded his father as Lord Protector, was unable to keep control of the Parliament and the Army.
 This marked the end of the Protectorate and the start of a second period of rule by the Rump Parliament as the legislature and the Council of State as the executive.
Oliver Cromwell (25 April 15993 September 1658) was an English military and political leader and later Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland.
Oliver Cromwell (1599–1658) was an English military and political leader and later Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland.
The Clere Baronetcy, of Ormesby in the County of Norfolk, was a title in the Baronetage of England.
 It was created on 26 February 1621 for Sir Henry Clere.
 His only son by his wife Muriel Mundefod died in infancy and the title became extinct on his early death in 1622.
 He had one daughter Abigail, who married John Williams, otherwise Cromwell, second son of Sir Oliver Cromwell, and first cousin of the Lord Protector  Oliver Cromwell, by who she had two children Haing separated from her husband she became an actress, and the mistress of William Brouncker, 2nd Viscount Brouncker, as such she is known to readers of the Diary of Samuel Pepys as "Madam Williams".
 Pepys strongly disapproved of the affair, but it endured until Lord Brouncker's death in 1684, and he left Abigail much of his property.
Bridget Cromwell (1624 - 1662) was Oliver Cromwell's eldest daughter.
 She married General Henry Ireton and after he died General Charles Fleetwood.
Oliver Cromwell (1599–1658) was an English military and political leader and later Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland.
Following the death of Oliver Cromwell on 3 September 1658, he was given a public funeral at Westminster Abbey equal to those of monarchy before him.
 After the defeat of King Charles I in the English Civil War and Charles' subsequent beheading, Cromwell had become Lord Protector and ruler of the English Commonwealth.
 His legacy passed to his son Richard, who was overthrown by the army in 1659, after which monarchy was re-established and King Charles II, who was living in exile, was recalled.
 Charles' new parliament ordered the disinterment of Cromwell's body from Westminster Abbey and the disinterment of other regicides John Bradshaw and Henry Ireton, for a posthumous execution at Tyburn.
 After hanging "from morning till four in the afternoon", the bodies were cut down and the heads placed on a 20 foot spike above Westminster Hall (the location of the trial of Charles I).
 In 1685 a storm broke the pole upon which Cromwell's head stood, throwing it to the ground (although other sources put the date anywhere between 1672 and 1703 ), after which it was in the hands of private collectors and museum owners until 25 March 1960, when it was buried at Sidney Sussex College in Cambridge.
Oliver Cromwell (25 April 1599 – 3 September 1658) was an English military and political leader and later Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland.
