CBS (an initialism of the network's former name, the Columbia Broadcasting System) is an American English language commercial broadcast television network that is a flagship property of CBS Corporation.
 The company is headquartered at the CBS Building in New York City with major production facilities and operations in New York City (at the CBS Broadcast Center) and Los Angeles (at CBS Television City and the CBS Studio Center).
Pedaling Revolution: How Cyclists Are Changing American Cities is a non-fiction book written by Jeff Mapes, a political reporter for "The Oregonian".
 The book gives a brief history of the bicycle from its start in the early 1800s, when it could only be afforded by the wealthy, through to the present.
 He talks of the 1890s when bicycles were inexpensive enough for commoners to afford, yet automobiles had yet to be mass produced, and city streets were filled with bikes leading the League of American Wheelmen to lobby for paved roads.
 The end of World War II saw a decline in the bicycle as automobiles became more a way of life.
 The 1970s saw a boom in the American bicycle market, to again decline in the 1980s.
 Most recently, Mapes looked at several then-current politicians who were outspoken about bicycle advocacy such as then-chairman Jim Oberstar (D-MN) of the United States House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure who Mapes calls the highest regarded cycling supporter in Congress.
 Later chapters look at cycling in cities such as Amsterdam, Davis, California, Portland, Oregon, and New York City.
 The final chapters detail some of the risks and rewards of bicycling.
Mitchell was born on February 9, 1915 in New York City.
 He attended New York University (NYU) from 1932-1935.
 He left NYU in 1935 and joined the New York Times advertising staff.
 The next year until he was hired as both advertising director and editor of Gouverneur Tribune Press, a country weekly in New York.
 He became assistant publisher of two upstate New York daily papers: the Ogdensburg Journal(1938–1939) and the Rochester Times-Union (1940–1941).
 From 1941-1943, he was the National Advertising Manager of another upstate New York daily paper, the Albany Knickerbocker News.
 He served in the Army Tank Corp during World War II and joined Columbia Broadcasting System (CBS) in 1945 shortly after the war.
 In 1948 Mitchell left CBS and joined the National Association of Broadcasters in Washington, D.C. From 1949-1950 he was the managing director of the Broadcast Advertising Bureau in New York City.
 He worked at NBC in 1950 and then became vice president of the Program Service Division at Muzak Corporation in New York City, where he worked from 1950 to 1953.
 He then became Director of the same company from 1953 to 1958.
 Mitchell joined Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. as president and director of Encyclopædia Britannica Films Inc. in 1953.
 He became president of Encyclopædia Britannica Inc. (Chicago and all subsidiary) in 1962, a position he held until 1967.
 He was also director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City from 1972 to 1976.
 Mitchell received LL.D.
 honors from the University of Denver in 1958; West Virginia Wesleyan University in 1978; National College Education in 1969; National University, San Diego in 1986 and Colorado State University in 1971.
Hip Hop Squares is an American television game show originally hosted by New York City radio personality Peter Rosenberg, which debuted on MTV2 on May 22, 2012.
 The show is a licensed format of CBS Television Distribution's "Hollywood Squares" (King World Productions, CBS Television Distribution's predecessor company, acquired the franchise in 1991 from Orion Pictures) featuring mostly rappers.
 The MTV2 version of the show was taped in Brooklyn, New York.
Bike New York is an organization based in New York City that encourages cycling and bicycle safety.
 They are best known for producing the Five Boro Bike Tour, the largest recreational cycling event in the United States.
 The Tour, which occurs on the first Sunday of May every year, takes 30,000 riders in a 42-mile ride around New York City.
 Bike New York also produces smaller rides, offers free classes to the public, and develops customized bicycle safety and education programs in and around New York City.
Double Rush is an American CBS television sitcom that lasted one season in 1995.
 The series was co-created by Diane English.
 Robert Pastorelli played Johnny Verona, manager of a bicycle delivery service in New York City.
 Verona must keep his business on its feet in the face of competition from the increased use of fax machines and the internet.
Russell Charles Leong is an academic editor, a professor, a writer, and long-time Chen Taichiquan student.
 The long-time editor of Amerasia Journal (1977-2010), he was an adjunct professor of English and Asian-American studies at the University of California at Los Angeles and currently serves as senior editor for international projects.
 During the 2012-2013 year, Leong is Dr. Thomas Tam Visiting Professor at Hunter College, CUNY in New York City.
 Leong is also the editor and project coordinator for the U.S.-China media brief.
 In 2015 Leong published "Mothsutra: for bicycle delivery men New York" a visual graphic portfolio of his poetry and drawings.
 "Moth" was performed at the Bowery Poetry Club NYC and at the City University of New York's Asian American Research Institute.
 It will be published as an e-book by the UCLA Asian American Studies Center.
Chicken Delight is a chain of restaurants offering eat in, take out, and delivery service with a menu featuring chicken, pizza and ribs.
 Based in Winnipeg, the chain mostly has outlets in that city and throughout Manitoba.
 Although as of 2017 six Chicken Delight restaurants are located in the New York metro area, none of these are included in the corporate web site list of franchise locations.
Kirsten Caroline Dunst ( ; born April 30, 1982) is an American actress.
 She made her film debut in Woody Allen's short film "Oedipus Wrecks" for the anthology film "New York Stories" (1989).
 At the age of twelve, Dunst gained widespread recognition as Claudia in "Interview with the Vampire" (1994), a role for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress.
 She appeared in "Little Women" the same year and in "Jumanji" the following year.
 After a recurring role in the third season of the NBC medical drama "ER" (1996–97) as Charlie Chemingo and starring in films such as "Wag the Dog" (1997), "Small Soldiers" (1998), the 1998 English dub of "Kiki's Delivery Service" (1989), and "The Virgin Suicides" (1999), Dunst began making romantic comedies and comedy-dramas, starring in "Drop Dead Gorgeous" (1999), "Bring It On" (2000), "Get Over It" and "Crazy/Beautiful" (both released in 2001).
WCBS-TV, channel 2, is the flagship station of the CBS television network, located in New York City.
 WCBS-TV is owned by the CBS Television Stations division of CBS Corporation, and operates as part of a television duopoly with Riverhead, Long Island-licensed independent station WLNY-TV (channel 55).
 WCBS-TV's studios are located within the CBS Broadcast Center and its transmitter is based at the Empire State Building, both in midtown Manhattan.
