The P.P. Raymond House is a historic dwelling located in Malcom, Iowa, United States.
 Raymond farmed outside of town from the time he arrived in Poweshiek County in 1856 until he moved into this house in 1874.
 He founded the town's first and only bank, P.P. Raymond and Sons.
 The family continued to live in the house until it was sold in 1904.
 It is a noteworthy example of the Second Empire style found in a small town.
 It is a 2½-story frame structure that features a mansard roof with a concave slope, elaborate window hoods, window bays, and a turret.
 The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Raymond is a town in Racine County, Wisconsin, United States.
 The population was 3,516 at the 2000 census.
 The unincorporated communities of Kneeland and Raymond are located in the town, as was the ghost town of Raymond Center.
 The unincorporated communities of North Cape and Union Church are also located partially in the town.
Raymond is a town in the County of Warner No. 5, Alberta, Canada.
 It is located in southern Alberta south of Lethbridge on Highway 52.
 Raymond is known for its annual rodeo and its large Mormon population.
 The sole high school in the town, Raymond High School, is known for its sports achievements in basketball and Canadian football.
Raymond Robertsen (born 12 September 1974 in Hammerfest) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
Raymond is a city in Pacific County, Washington, United States.
 The population was 2,975 at the 2000 census and decreased 3.1% to 2,882 at the 2010 census.
 The town's economy has traditionally been based on logging and fishing, together with a limited amount of tourism.
 But recently the town of Raymond has seen an influx of marijuana manufacturing and agricultural jobs after the passing of Initiative 502 in November 2012, which legalized the recreational use of marijuana.
 Raymond has embraced all aspects of this lucrative, newly-emerging industry by welcoming many new start-up businesses including commercial marijuana grow operations, marijuana-infused goods manufacturing, as well as retail marijuana stores.
Raymond is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 4,436 at the 2010 census.
 It is a summer recreation area and is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
 Raymond Neck is the landing for the ferry to the town of Frye Island in Sebago Lake.
 The Raymond school system is currently affiliated with the Windham school system in a district known as RSU 14.
Raymond (also Raymond Center) is an unincorporated community in the town of Raymond, Racine County, Wisconsin, United States.
Raymond Center is a ghost town in the Town of Raymond in Racine County, Wisconsin, United States.
Frye Island is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.
 Located in Sebago Lake, the island is accessed via a public car ferry from Raymond Neck, or by private boat.
 All residents of the resort town are seasonal.
 The majority of property owners hail from New England area states (Maine, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island and New Hampshire) however there are many other states also represented on the island.
 Frye Island is vacant from November through April, and the ferry does not operate during that time due to the formation of thick ice during cold winter months.
 It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The town had a population of five at the 2010 census.
Raymond High School is a public secondary school located in the town of Raymond, Mississippi (USA).
 It is part of the Hinds County School District.
 As of 2005, the school had met all federal requirements under the No Child Left Behind Act and received an achievement index rank of "3" (successful) from the state of Mississippi.
 It is one of two regional high schools serving Hinds County.
