The Height of Buildings Act of 1910 was an Act of Congress passed by the 61st United States Congress on June 1, 1910 to limit the height of buildings in Washington, D.C. The original act was passed on March 1, 1899 when the 55th United States Congress approved the Height of Buildings Act of 1899.
 The original act restricted the heights of any type of building in the United States capital city of Washington, D.C., to be no higher than 110 ft .
 In 1910, the 61st United States Congress enacted a new height restriction law limiting building heights to 130 ft , or the width of the right-of-way of the street or avenue on which a building fronts, whichever is shorter.
 That is the main law presented by this act.
Oregon’s Territorial Legislature was a bicameral legislative body created by the United States Congress in 1848 as the legislative branch of the government of the Oregon Territory.
 The upper chamber Council and lower chamber House of Representatives first met in July 1849; they served as the region's legislative body until Oregon became a state in February 1859, when they were replaced by the bicameral Oregon State Legislature.
Ross Winans (1796–1877) was an American inventor, mechanic, and builder of locomotives and railroad machinery.
 He is also noted for design of pioneering cigar-hulled ships.
 Winans, one of the United States' first multi-millionaires, was involved in national and state politics, a southern-sympathizer and was a vehement "states' rights" advocate.
 His outspoken anti-federal stance as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates, the lower chamber of the General Assembly, (state legislature) led to his temporary arrest on board a Baltimore and Ohio Railroad train returning from an early session of the legislature held in the western Maryland town of Frederick to avoid the Union Army-occupied state capital of Annapolis in April–May, 1861, to consider the possibilities of state secession, during the early decisive period of the American Civil War.
 Winans was related to James McNeill Whistler through marriage (Whistler's brother George married Winans' daughter Julia).
The Sanctity of Life Act was a bill first introduced in the United States House of Representatives by Rep. Steve Stockman (R-TX) on July 20, 1995, and cosponsored by Rep. Barbara Cubin (R-WY).
 It was reintroduced with similar text by Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX) in 2005 in the 109th United States Congress, 110th United States Congress, 111th United States Congress, and the 112th United States Congress.
 The repeatedly introduced bill sparked advocacy from pro-life activists and opposition from pro-choice activists.
 The bill has never become law.
The Minnesota Territorial Legislature was a bicameral legislative body created by the United States Congress in 1849 as the legislative branch of the government of the Territory of Minnesota.
 The upper chamber, the Council, and the lower chamber, the House of Representatives, first convened on September 3, 1849.
 The two chambers served as the territory's legislative body until Minnesota was admitted as a state on May 11, 1858, when the Territorial Legislature was replaced by the Minnesota Legislature.
The Hawaiʻi State Senate is the upper chamber of the Hawaii State Legislature.
 The senate consists of twenty-five members elected from an equal number of constituent districts across the islands.
 The senate is led by the President of the Senate, elected from the membership of the body, currently Ron Kouchi.
 The forerunner of the Hawaii State Senate during the government of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻ i was the House of Nobles originated in 1840.
 In 1894 the Constitution of the Republic of Hawaii renamed the upper house the present senate.
 Senators are elected to four-year terms and are not subject to term limits.
 Like most state legislatures in the United States, the Hawaii State Senate is a part-time body and senators often have active careers outside government.
 The lower chamber of the legislature is the Hawaiʻi House of Representatives.
 The membership of the Senate also elects additional officers to include the Senate Vice President, Senate Chief Clerk, Assistant Chief Clerk, Senate Sergeant at Arms and Assistant Sergeant at Arms.
The United States Senate is the upper chamber of the United States Congress, which along with the United States House of Representatives—the lower chamber—composes the legislature of the United States.
The Sixth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives.
 It met at Congress Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1799, to March 4, 1801, during the last two years of John Adams's presidency.
 It was the last Congress of the 18th century and the first to convene in the 19th.
 The apportionment of seats in House of Representatives was based on the First Census of the United States in 1790.
 Both chambers had a Federalist majority.
 This was the last Congress in which the Federalist Party controlled the presidency or either chamber of Congress.
The United States House of Representatives is the lower chamber of the United States Congress, which along with the Senate composes the legislature of the United States.
Samuel Brenton (November 22, 1810 – March 29, 1857) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana; born in Gallatin County, Kentucky.
 Attended the public schools; was ordained to the Methodist ministry in 1830 and served as a minister; located at Danville, Indiana.
, in 1834 because of ill health, and studied law; member of the Indiana General Assembly in the Indiana House of Representatives (1838–1841); in 1841, returned to the ministry and served at Crawfordsville, Perryville, Lafayette, and finally at Fort Wayne, where he suffered a paralytic stroke in 1848 and was compelled to abandon his ministerial duties; appointed register of the land office at Fort Wayne on May 2, 1849, and served until July 31, 1851, when he resigned; elected as a Whig to the Thirty-second United States Congress (March 4, 1851 – March 4, 1853); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1852 to the Thirty-third United States Congress; elected as an Indiana People's Party candidate to the Thirty-fourth United States Congress; elected as a Republican to the Thirty-fifth United States Congress and served from March 4, 1855, until his death in Fort Wayne, Indiana; interment in Lindenwood Cemetery.
 He was replaced by Charles Case in a special election to finish out his term.
