NaGISA (Natural Geography in Shore Areas or Natural Geography of In-Shore Areas) is an international collaborative effort aimed at inventorying, cataloguing, and monitoring biodiversity of the in-shore area.
 So named for the Japanese word "nagisa" ("where the land meets the sea"), it is an Apronym.
 NaGISA is the first project of the larger CoML effort (Census of Marine Life) to have global participation in actual field work.
 The actual procedures of this project involve inexpensive collection equipment (for easy universal participation).
 This equipment is used to photograph sampling sites, to actually take samples from the sites, and to process these samples.
 At each site throughout the world, samples are taken from the intertidal zone out to a depth of 10 meters (and optionally out to 20 meters depth).
 These samples are then processed (the organisms are isolated) and then analyzed and catalogued.
 The information (regarding the kind and number of organisms analyzed) is sent to the global headquarters of NaGISA- the University of Kyoto in Japan.
 All of this information is then collated on the Ocean Biogeographic Information System (OBIS website).
 The end goal of the larger CoML effort is to find what "was", what "is", and what "will be" in the world's oceans.
 For NaGISA the goal is to find this in the world's in-shore areas.
The Ur-Hamlet (the German prefix "Ur-" means "primordial") is a play by an unknown author, thought to be either Thomas Kyd or William Shakespeare.
 No copy of the play, dated by scholars to the second half of 1587, survives today.
 The play is known to have been staged in London, more specifically at The Burbages Shoreditch Playhouse as recalled by Elizabethan author Thomas Lodge.
 The play is known to have a character named Hamlet; the only other known character from the play is a ghost who cries, "Hamlet, revenge!"
An induction in a play is an explanatory scene, summary or other text that stands outside and apart from the main action with the intent to comment on it, moralize about it or in the case of dumb show to summarize the plot or underscore what is afoot.
 Typically, an induction precedes the main text of a play.
 Inductions are a common feature of plays written and performed in the Renaissance period, including those of Shakespeare.
 While Shakespeare plays do not typically have inductions, they are sometimes depicted as part of the device of the play within the play.
 Examples include the dumb show in "Hamlet" and the address to the audience by Puck in "A Midsummer Night's Dream".
 Another example, in "The Spanish Tragedy" by Thomas Kyd, is the introduction to that play by the ghost of Andrea who preps the audience by laying out the story to come.
 Likewise, Shakespeare's "The Taming of the Shrew" opens with induction scenes which involve characters watching the play proper.
The Spanish Tragedy, or Hieronimo is Mad Again is an Elizabethan tragedy written by Thomas Kyd between 1582 and 1592.
 Highly popular and influential in its time, "The Spanish Tragedy" established a new genre in English theatre, the revenge play or revenge tragedy.
 Its plot contains several violent murders and includes as one of its characters a personification of Revenge.
 "The Spanish Tragedy" was often referred to (or parodied) in works written by other Elizabethan playwrights, including William Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, and Christopher Marlowe.
Edward White (c. 1548 – c. 1612) was a London printer and stationer whose career spanned a period of over forty years.
 His shop in the booksellers' district of St Paul's Churchyard was at the Sign of the Gun, where he sold many anonymous works as well as works by Thomas Kyd, Robert Greene, Anthony Munday and Christopher Marlowe.
 Between 1594 and 1611 he sold all three quartos of William Shakespeare's "Titus Andronicus".
Bel-imperia is a character in Thomas Kyd’s "The Spanish Tragedy".
 She is the daughter of the Duke of Castile, the sister of Lorenzo, and the lover of the dead Don Andrea.
 Throughout the play, Bel-imperia attempts to avenge the death of Don Andrea.
 She begins by feigning a relationship with Horatio to “spite the prince that wrought his end”, then joins forces with Hieronimo to eventually murder Balthazar and complete her revenge mission.
 However, critics view Bel-imperia in various roles based on her actions throughout the play.
The University Wits is a phrase used to name a group of late 16th-century English playwrights and pamphleteers who were educated at the universities (Oxford or Cambridge) and who became popular secular writers.
 Prominent members of this group were Christopher Marlowe, Robert Greene, and Thomas Nashe from Cambridge, and John Lyly, Thomas Lodge, and George Peele from Oxford.
 Thomas Kyd is also sometimes included in the group, though he is not believed to have studied at university.
The Raigne of King Edward the Third, commonly shortened to Edward III, is an Elizabethan play printed anonymously in 1596.
 It has frequently been claimed that it was at least partly written by William Shakespeare, a view that Shakespeare scholars have increasingly endorsed.
 The rest of the play was probably written by Thomas Kyd.
Revenge tragedy (less commonly referred to as revenge drama, revenge play, or tragedy of blood) defines a genre of plays made popular in early modern England.
 Ashley H. Thorndike formally established this genre in his seminal 1902 article "The Relations of Hamlet to Contemporary Revenge Plays," which characterizes revenge tragedy "as a tragedy whose leading motive is revenge and whose main action deals with the progress of this revenge, leading to the death of the murderers and often the death of the avenger himself."
 Thomas Kyd's "The Spanish Tragedy" (c.1580s) is often considered the inaugural revenge tragedy on the early modern stage.
 However, more recent research extends early modern revenge tragedy to the 1560s with poet and classicist Jasper Heywood's translations of Seneca at Oxford University, including "Troas" (1559), "Thyestes" (1560), and "Hercules Furens" (1561).
 Additionally, Thomases Norton and Sackville's play "Gorbuduc" (1561) is considered an early revenge tragedy (almost twenty years prior to "The Spanish Tragedy").
 Other well-known revenge tragedies include William Shakespeare's "Hamlet" (c.1599-1602) and "Titus Andronicus" (c.1588-1593) and Thomas Middleton's "The Revenger's Tragedy" (c.1606).
Thomas Kyd (baptised 6 November 1558; buried 15 August 1594) was an English playwright, the author of "The Spanish Tragedy", and one of the most important figures in the development of Elizabethan drama.
