Triple Cross is a 1966 Anglo-French co-produced film directed by Terence Young and produced by Jacques-Paul Bertrand.
 It was released in France in December 1966 as La Fantastique histoire vraie d'Eddie Chapman, but elsewhere in Europe and the United States in 1967 as Terence Young's Triple Cross.
 It was filmed in Eastman Color, print by Technicolor.
Strawberry and Chocolate (Spanish: Fresa y chocolate ) is an internationally co-produced film, directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea and Juan Carlos Tabío, based on the short story "The Wolf, The Forest and the New Man" (in Spanish, "El Lobo, el bosque y el hombre nuevo") written by Senel Paz in 1990.
 Senel Paz also wrote the screenplay for the film.
The 55th Cannes Film Festival started on 15 May and ran until 26 May 2002.
 The Palme d'Or went to the Polish-French-German-British co-produced film "The Pianist" directed by Roman Polanski.
Angelo Francesco Lavagnino (22 February 1909 - 21 August 1987) was an Italian composer, he was born in Genoa.
 He is best known for scoring many films, including "Legend of the Lost", "Conspiracy of Hearts", "Gorgo", "The Legion's Last Patrol", "Daisy Miller", and two directed by Orson Welles, "Othello" and "Chimes at Midnight".
 He also scored several peplums and spaghetti westerns.
That Man in Istanbul (Spanish: Estambul 65 , Italian: Colpo grosso a Galata Bridge , French: L'Homme d'Istamboul ) is a 1965 English-language European international co-production adventure film directed by Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi and starring Horst Buchholz.
 It was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures.
Chimes at Midnight (onscreen title and UK title: Falstaff (Chimes at Midnight), Spanish release: Campanadas a medianoche), is a 1965 English-language Spanish-Swiss co-produced film directed by and starring Orson Welles.
 The film's plot centres on William Shakespeare's recurring character Sir John Falstaff and the father-son relationship he has with Prince Hal, who must choose between loyalty to his father, King Henry IV, or Falstaff.
The Magnetic Tree or (Spanish: "El árbol magnético" ) is a Chilean Spanish co-produced film written and directed by Isabel de Ayguavives and filmed in Chile.
East/West (French: "Est-Ouest" ; Russian: Восток-Запад ) is a 1999 internationally co-produced film directed by Régis Wargnier, starring Sandrine Bonnaire (as Marie), Oleg Menshikov (as Alexei), Sergei Bodrov Jr. (as Sasha) and Catherine Deneuve (as Gabrielle).
 Authors of scenario and dialogue: Rustam Ibragimbekov, Sergei Bodrov, Louis Gardel and Régis Wargnier.
Sparrows (Icelandic: Þrestir ) is a 2015 internationally co-produced film directed by the 2006 short film oscar nominee Rúnar Rúnarsson, starring Atli Óskar Fjalarsson, Rakel Björk Björnsdóttir and Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson.
 It tells the story of a 16-year-old boy who moves from his mother in Reykjavík to his father in the Icelandic countryside.
 It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.
 It was selected as the Icelandic entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 89th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Sparrows became a festival darling and on top of its great festival run the film has been honored with 20 international film awards since it was awarded the Golden Shell at the 63rd San Sebastián International Film Festival.
Vito Frazzi (1 August 1888 – 7 July 1975) was an Italian neo-romantic composer.
 He was born in San Secondo Parmense, and studied at the Parma Conservatory, where he learnt composition from Guido Alberto Fano.
 From 1912 to 1958 he taught piano, harmony, counterpoint and composition at the Florence Conservatory; there he came into contact with Ildebrando Pizzetti, who was director of the conservatory from 1917 to 1923, and who influenced Frazzi's compositional style.
 Frazzi also taught at the Accademia Musicale Chigiana from 1936 to 1963.
 His students included Bruno Bartolozzi, Bruno Bettinelli, Valentino Bucchi, Luigi Dallapiccola and Angelo Francesco Lavagnino.
