The Second Gleam (sometimes written "The Gleam II") is a 2008 EP by The Avett Brothers.
 Produced by The Avett Brothers and Doug Williams, recorded by Doug Williams at Electromagnetic Radiation Recorders, with the exception of "The Greatest Sum (Electric)" which was recorded at Echo Mountain.
 This acoustic EP was a follow-up to The Gleam, which was released in 2006.
Lyle Douglas "Doug" Basham Jr. (born May 12, 1971) is an American professional wrestler, He is best known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment between 2002 and 2007, and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Basham in 2007.
Doug is an American animated television series created by Jim Jinkins.
 The show focuses on the early adolescent life of its title character, Douglas "Doug" Funnie, who experiences common predicaments while attending school in his new hometown of Bluffington.
 Doug narrates each story in his journal, and the show incorporates many imagination sequences.
 The series addresses numerous topics, including trying to fit in, platonic and romantic relationships, self-esteem, bullying, and rumors. Numerous episodes center on Doug's attempts to impress his classmate and crush, Patti Mayonnaise.
Doug Haining is a saxophonist/clarinetist who currently resides in Edina, Minnesota.
 He is a music graduate of St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota, where he studied classical clarinet.
 He has performed professionally since 1974, backing national artists such as Steve Allen, Don Rickles, Bob Hope, and others, and Broadway shows such as West Side Story, Cats, A Chorus Line and many others.
 He has performed with the Minnesota Orchestra and St. Paul Chamber Orchestra.
 Doug also played short stints with Red Wolfe’s ‘Ellington Echoes’, and the Hall Brothers.
 Since 1979, Doug has been a member of the Wolverines Classic Jazz Orchestra.
 He is also a member of the recently formed BellaGala big band, and plays in other jazz groups in the area.
 Doug founded the Twin Cities Seven in 1999, and since then has been busy writing arrangements and compositions for the band's ever-growing library.
 Doug has performed with the band at many local venues and jazz festivals, and several regional performing venues outside the metro area.
 In 2010, Doug co-founded the Explosion Big Band with his musical cohort Scott Agster.
 In his spare time, he teaches privately and co-leads the Edina High School Jazz Ensemble I.
 He has two children, Trevor and Preston, both of whom are currently pursuing professional music careers.
The sport of Australian football has been called by a number of different names throughout its history; but since 1905, after the formation of the Australasian Football Council, the game has been officially called "Australian football"; and the name has been codified by the sport's governing body, the AFL Commission, as the game's official name, in the "Laws of Australian football".
 Historically, the sport has been called "Victorian rules" (referring to its origins in Melbourne), the "Victorian game", the "bouncing game", "Australasian rules", the "Australian game" and "national football", as well as several other names.
 Today, the common names for the sport are "Australian rules football" or "football", and common nicknames for the sport are "footy", "Aussie rules" or sometimes "AFL" (a genericised abbreviation of Australian Football League, the sport's largest competition and only fully professional league).
Rusty & Doug was a country music and bluegrass music duo composed of Doug Kershaw (born January 24, 1936) and his brother, Rusty (February 2, 1938 – October 23, 2001).
 The two recorded for Hickory Records between 1955 and 1961, charting five times on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 They also performed on the Louisiana Hayride and Wheeling Jamboree.
 They became members of the Grand Ole Opry in the 1950s.
 The duo broke up in 1959 as both brothers entered the United States Army, but reunited between 1961 and 1963.
 Doug continued as a solo artist.
Salter Brothers Entertainment was founded by British brothers Simon and Andrew Salter, the founders and creators of The Feeling Nuts Movement.
 Salter Brothers Entertainment is a media and entertainment company that creates and delivers innovative global marketing campaigns, unique live entertainment events and multi-media productions.
 They also have investments in music, television, sport and technology.
 Their clients include David Haye, Velocity, The LADBible Group.
 It was announced during a press conference on 24 November 2015 that Salter Brothers Entertainment had entered into a joint venture with former Heavyweight Champion David Haye as the management behind 'Brand Haye' and promoters behind Haye's comeback fight on 16 January 2016 at The O2 Arena in London, which they marketed as Haye Day.
 The brothers brokered a deal with UKTV to produce the first ever sports broadcast on Dave TV.
 The event was viewed by Haye's largest ever TV audience, over 3 million.
 The show also broke network records 461% up on slot and capturing 14% of the audience share, beating Channel 4 for the duration of the fight.
 This resulted in Dave moving into Live Sport and signing a 3-year, 15 fights deal with Hayemaker Boxing.
 A large number of celebrity friends of the brothers were in attendance; Sigma performed an opening concert and A-lister guests ringside included Benedict Cumberbatch and Idris Elba.
 It was also the first ever live boxing fight filmed and streamed live in VR.
Doug Koenig is an American sport shooter who at the 1990 IPSC Handgun World Shoot became the first world champion using a red dot sight instead of iron sights.
 Three years later at the 1993 World Shoot he took silver in the Open division.
 Doug is perhaps best known for his 18 Bianchi Cup Champion titles.
 He is also three times Steel Challenge World Speed Shooting Champion.
The Basham Brothers were a professional wrestling tag team, composed of Doug Basham and Danny Basham.
 The team is best known for their work with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
Brother Phelps was an American country music duo formed by brothers Ricky Lee (guitar, vocals) and Doug Phelps (bass guitar, vocals).
 Prior to the duo's formation in 1992, both brothers were members of The Kentucky Headhunters, a Southern rock-influenced country rock band.
 In 1993, Brother Phelps charted with its debut single "Let Go", which reached a peak of No. 6 on the "Billboard" country music charts.
 In all, the duo charted six singles between 1993 and 1995 (although only one other single reached Top 40), in addition to recording two albums on Asylum Records.
 Brother Phelps disbanded in 1995, with Doug rejoining the Kentucky Headhunters as lead singer, and Ricky Lee assuming a solo career.
