Staten Island Community Board 1 is a local government unit of the city of New York, encompassing the Staten Island neighborhoods of Arlington, northern Castleton Corners, Clifton Concord, Elm Park, Fort Wadsworth, northern Graniteville, Grymes Hill, Livingston, Mariners' Harbor, northern Meiers Corners, New Brighton, Port Ivory, Port Richmond, Randall Manor, Rosebank, Staten Island, St. George, Shore Acres, Silver Lake, Stapleton, Sunnyside, Tompkinsville, West Brighton, Westerleigh, and northern Willowbrook.
 Community Board 1 is essentially the entire area of Staten Island north of the Staten Island Expressway.
Staten Island Borough Hall is the primary municipal building for the borough of Staten Island in New York City.
 It is located at 10 Richmond Terrace, next to the Richmond County Courthouse and opposite the Staten Island Ferry Terminal.
 Staten Island Borough Hall houses the Borough President's office, offices of the Departments of Buildings and T
The Staten Island Register was a weekly newspaper serving the borough of Staten Island in New York City as an independent alternative to other news sources, including the "Staten Island Advance".
 It began publication in 1966 under the ownership of the Sclafani family.
 Joseph was the Owner.
 The "Staten Island Register" was sold in August 2002 to Elauwit, LLC, a company formed by Daniel McDonough of New Jersey, was sold by McDonough to an investor in 2004, and ceased publication in December 2005.
Staten Island Technical High School, commonly called Staten Island Tech or SITHS, was founded in 1988.
 Located in Staten Island, New York City, the school is operated by the New York City Department of Education.
 In 2005, Staten Island Tech became the only Specialized High School in Staten Island.
 It consistently ranks among the best schools in New York City in graduation rate, Regents test scores, and attendance.
 In 2012, SITHS was ranked #1 on the New York Post's list of the city's best high schools, #77 in the nation on U.S. News & World Report's list of Best High Schools, and #23 on their list of the nation's top schools in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM).
The Staten Island Catapult is a 2005 documentary about a disgruntled commuter and his proposal to build a catapult that launches individuals from Staten Island to Downtown Manhattan in 5 minutes.
 The film was written and directed by independent filmmaker Gregorio Smith.
St. George is a neighborhood on the northeastern tip of Staten Island in New York City, where the Kill Van Kull enters Upper New York Bay.
 It is the most densely developed neighborhood on Staten Island, and the location of the administrative center for the borough and for the coterminous Richmond County.
 The Staten Island terminal of the Staten Island Ferry is located here, as well as the northern terminus of the Staten Island Railway.
 St. George is bordered on the south by the neighborhood of Tompkinsville and on the west by the neighborhood of New Brighton.
Staten Island is one of the five boroughs of New York City in the U.S. state of New York.
 In the southwest of the city, Staten Island is the southernmost part of both the city and state of New York, with Conference House Park at the southern tip of the island and the state.
 The borough is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull, and from the rest of New York by New York Bay.
 With a 2016 Census-estimated population of 476,015, Staten Island is the least populated of the boroughs but is the third-largest in area at 58 sqmi .
 Staten Island is the only borough of New York with a non-Hispanic White majority.
Brian C. Bialiy worked on and appeared in the award-winning documentary The Staten Island Catapult.
 Starring as the Angry White Man, Brian poignantly portrays a disgruntled and confounded commuter confronted by the 'latest' in cross-borough transportation.
College of Staten Island Baseball Complex is a stadium in Staten Island, New York.
 It is primarily used for baseball and was the home of Staten Island Yankees before they moved to Richmond County Bank Ballpark in 2001.
 The ballpark had a capacity of 2,500 people and opened in 1999.
 It currently hosts the College of Staten Island Dolphins baseball team.
Staten Island Economic Development Corporation (SIEDC) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that serves as a lead advocate for economic development of Staten Island's economy.
 The organization is responsible for over $900 million in new investments, the creation of over 12,500 jobs, the development of over 6,000 acres of vacant industrial land by providing assistance to developers and companies implementing projects in the borough, while at the same time serving the smallest entrepreneur and small business owner with tailored financing, procurement, and real estate assistance.
 Every year approximately 3,000 businesses and individuals are assisted by the SIEDC through financing assistance, tax incentives, job training and technology assistance.
 Since its establishment, SIEDC has organized and planned yearly community events to benefit the public at no cost, such as the SIEDC Annual Business Conference, the Staten Island Green and Clean Festival, and the Staten Island Health and Wellness Expo.
 Cesar J. Claro serves as the President & CEO of the organization.
