Thunderball (1965) is the fourth spy film in the James Bond series starring Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.
 It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Ian Fleming, which in turn was based on an original screenplay by Jack Whittingham.
 It was directed by Terence Young, with its screenplay by Richard Maibaum and John Hopkins.
Casino Royale (2006) is the twenty-first spy film in the Eon Productions "James Bond" film series and the first to star Daniel Craig as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.
 Directed by Martin Campbell and written by Neal Purvis & Robert Wade and Paul Haggis, the film marks the third screen adaptation of Ian Fleming's 1953 novel of the same name.
 "Casino Royale" is a reboot of the film series and as such is set at the beginning of Bond's career as Agent 007, just as he is earning his licence to kill.
 After preventing a terrorist attack at Miami International Airport, Bond falls in love with Vesper Lynd, the treasury employee assigned to provide the money he needs to bankrupt a terrorist financier, Le Chiffre, by beating him in a high-stakes poker game.
 The story arc continues in the following "Bond" film "Quantum of Solace" (2008), "Skyfall" (2012), and "Spectre" (2015) also feature explicit references to characters and events in this film.
Commander James Bond, CMG, RNVR, is a fictional character created by British journalist and novelist Ian Fleming in 1953.
 He is the protagonist of the "James Bond" series of novels, films, comics and video games.
 Fleming wrote twelve Bond novels and two short story collections.
 His final two books—"The Man with the Golden Gun" (1965) and "Octopussy and The Living Daylights" (1966)—were published posthumously.
The Living Daylights (1987) is the fifteenth entry in the "James Bond" film series and the first to star Timothy Dalton as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.
 Directed by John Glen, the film's title is taken from Ian Fleming's short story "The Living Daylights".
 It was the last film to use the title of an Ian Fleming story until the 2006 instalment "Casino Royale".
GoldenEye (1995) is the seventeenth spy film in the "James Bond" series, and the first to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond.
 The film was directed by Martin Campbell and is the first in the series not to take story elements from the works of novelist Ian Fleming.
 The story was conceived and written by Michael France, with later collaboration by other writers.
 In the film, Bond fights to prevent an ex-MI6 agent, gone rogue, from using a satellite against London to cause a global financial meltdown.
You Only Live Twice (1967) is the fifth spy film in the "James Bond" series, and the fifth to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.
 The film's screenplay was written by Roald Dahl, and loosely based on Ian Fleming's 1964 novel of the same name.
 It is the first "James Bond" film to discard most of Fleming's plot, using only a few characters and locations from the book as the background for an entirely new story.
Goldfinger (1964) is the third spy film in the James Bond series produced by Eon Productions, and the third to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.
 It is based on the novel of the same name by Ian Fleming.
 The film also stars Honor Blackman as Bond girl Pussy Galore and Gert Fröbe as the title character Auric Goldfinger, along with Shirley Eaton as the iconic Bond girl Jill Masterson.
 "Goldfinger" was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman and was the first of four Bond films directed by Guy Hamilton.
A View to a Kill (1985) is the fourteenth spy film of the "James Bond" series, and the seventh and last to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.
 Although the title is adapted from Ian Fleming's short story "From a View to a Kill", the film has an entirely original screenplay.
 In "A View to a Kill", Bond is pitted against Max Zorin, who plans to destroy California's Silicon Valley.
James Bond is a fictional character created by novelist Ian Fleming in 1953.
 Bond is a British secret agent working for MI6 who also answers by his codename, 007.
 He has been portrayed on film by actors Sean Connery, David Niven, George Lazenby, Roger Moore, Timothy Dalton, Pierce Brosnan and Daniel Craig, in twenty-six productions.
 Only two films were not made by Eon Productions.
 Eon now holds the full adaptation rights to all of Fleming's Bond novels.
Commander James Bond RN—code number 007—is a fictional character created by the British journalist and novelist Ian Fleming in 1952.
 The character appeared in a series of twelve novels and two short story collections written by Fleming and a number of continuation novels and spin-off works after Fleming's death in 1964.
 There have been twenty-six films in total, produced between 1962 and 2015.
