The 2016 FA Women's Cup Final was the 46th final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for women's football teams.
 The showpiece event was the 23rd to be played directly under the auspices of the Football Association (FA) and was named the SSE Women's FA Cup Final for sponsorship reasons.
 The final was contested between Arsenal Ladies and Chelsea Ladies on 14 May 2016 at Wembley Stadium in London.
 The match was the second FA Women's Cup Final to be held at Wembley.
The 1994 FA Women's Cup Final was the 24th final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for women's football teams.
 The showpiece event was played between Doncaster Belles and Knowsley United Women at Glanford Park in Scunthorpe on 24 April 1994.
 Knowsley United made its first final appearance, after losing the previous season's FA Women's Premier League Cup final at Wembley.
 Doncaster Belles entered their 11th final in 12 seasons, having won the trophy on five of those occasions.
The 1994 FA Cup Final was the 49th FA Cup final to be held since the Second World War and was contested between Manchester United and Chelsea.
 United went into the final as Premier League champions, having won the title by eight points over Blackburn Rovers.
 They were bidding to become only the fourth team of the 20th century to complete "the Double" and the first in their own history.
 Chelsea, on the other hand, were playing in their first FA Cup Final since 1970 and first major final since the 1972 Football League Cup Final; they also finished 14th in the Premier League.
The 2015 FA Women's Cup Final was the 45th final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for Harshavardhan women's football teams.
 The showpiece event was the 22nd to be played directly under the auspices of the Football Association (FA) and was named the SSE Women's FA Cup Final for sponsorship reasons.
 The final was contested between Chelsea Ladies and Notts County Ladies on 1 August 2015 at Wembley Stadium in London.
 Chelsea made its second final appearance, after losing the 2012 final.
 Notts County appeared in its first ever final.
The 2000 FA Women's Cup Final was the 30th final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for women's football teams.
 It was the seventh final to be held under the direct control of the Football Association (FA).
 The match was contested by Doncaster Belles and Croydon Women at Bramall Lane in Sheffield on 1 May 2000.
 Croydon made its third final appearance, after winning in 1996 but losing the 1998 final.
 Doncaster Belles entered a record 12th final having won the trophy on six previous occasions.
The 2017 FA Women's Cup Final was the 47th final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for women's football teams.
 The showpiece event was the 24th to be played directly under the auspices of the Football Association (FA) and was named the SSE Women's FA Cup Final for sponsorship reasons.
 The final was contested between Birmingham City Ladies and Manchester City Ladies on 13 May 2017 at Wembley Stadium in London.
 The match was the third FA Women's Cup Final to be held at Wembley and attracted a record crowd (35,271) for a Women's Cup final.
Samantha "Sammy" Howarth (born Samantha Hayward; 1 February 1971) is an English international footballer.
 She played in the FA Women's Premier League National Division with Liverpool, Doncaster Belles and Tranmere Rovers.
 As of 2013, she currently plays for Southampton Women's F.C.
The 1997 FA Women's Cup Final was the 27th final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for women's football teams.
 The showpiece event was the fourth to be played directly under the auspices of the Football Association (FA) and was known as the UK Living FA Women's Cup Final for sponsorship reasons.
 Millwall Lionesses and Wembley contested the match at West Ham United's Upton Park in London on 4 May 1997.
 Millwall Lionesses made their second final appearance, after winning the trophy in 1991 with a 1–0 win over Doncaster Belles at Prenton Park.
 Wembley appeared in the final for the first time, having won the previous season's FA Women's Premier League Cup competition.
The 2002 FA Women's Cup Final was the 32nd final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for women's football teams.
 The final event was played between Doncaster Belles and Fulham Ladies on 6 May 2002 at Selhurst Park in London.
 Fulham made its second final appearance, after losing the 2001 final.
 Doncaster Belles entered a record 13th final having won the trophy on six previous occasions.
Doncaster Rovers Belles Ladies Football Club, previously Doncaster Belles, is an English women's football club that plays in the FA WSL 1, the top tier of women's football in England.
 The club is based at the Keepmoat Stadium in Doncaster, South Yorkshire.
