The French Saddle Pony, also called the Poney Français de Selle, is pony breed developed as a sport pony for children and smaller adult riders.
 It was initially developed in 1969 as the Poney de Croisement (Cross-bred Pony), and in 1972 a stud book was created.
 In 1991 the stud book was closed and the breed renamed to Poney Français de Selle.
 The breed combines a mix of French and British pony breeds, as well as Thoroughbred and Arabian blood, to create the horse seen today.
 Due to the large number of breeds used to create the French Saddle Pony, there is not yet a defined set of physical characteristics for the breed, although all tend to be suited for competition in English riding disciplines, including dressage, show jumping and three-day eventing.
 They fill a similar role as the British Riding Pony and the German riding pony.
Rotrou III (bef.
 1080 – [20 January/6 May] 1144), called the Great ("le Grand"), was the Count of Perche and Mortagne from 1099.
 He was the son of Geoffrey II, Count of Perch, and Beatrix de Ramerupt, daughter of Hilduin IV, Count of Montdidier.
 He was a notable Crusader and a participant in the "Reconquista" in eastern Spain, even ruling the city of Tudela in Navarre from 1123 to 1131.
 He is commonly credited with introducing Arabian horses to the Perche, giving rise to the Percheron breed.
 By his creation of a monastery at La Trappe in memory of his wife, Matilda, daughter of Henry I of England, in 1122 he also laid the foundations of the later Trappists.
The Percheron is a breed of draft horse that originated in the Huisne river valley in western France, part of the former Perche province from which the breed takes its name.
 Usually gray or black in color, Percherons are well muscled, and known for their intelligence and willingness to work.
 Although their exact origins are unknown, the ancestors of the breed were present in the valley by the 17th century.
 They were originally bred for use as war horses. Over time, they began to be used for pulling stagecoaches and later for agriculture and hauling heavy goods.
 In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, Arabian blood was added to the breed.
 Exports of Percherons from France to the United States and other countries rose exponentially in the late 19th century, and the first purely Percheron stud book was created in France in 1883.
The Crabbet Arabian Stud, also known as the Crabbet Park Stud, was a horse breeding farm established on 2 July 1878 when the first Arabian horses brought to England by Wilfrid Scawen Blunt and Lady Anne Blunt arrived at Crabbet Park, their estate in Sussex.
 Six months earlier, while staying in Aleppo, Wilfrid and Lady Anne had made a plan to import some of the best Arabian horses to England and breed them there.
 In Lady Anne's words, "it would be an interesting and useful thing to do and I should like much to try it."
The Purosangue Orientale or Puro Sangue Orientale (PSO) (en: “Oriental Purebred”), is a horse breed developed in the Kingdom of Italy by Royal Decree n° 2690 of 19 September 1875, which created a stud book dedicated to the breed.
 Beginning in 1864, the Italian Government had sent emissaries into Syria and Mesopotamia to purchase desert bred Arabian horses directly from Bedouin tribes.
 Numerous stallions and mares were purchased and brought back to Sicily, many being destined for the Royal Remount Station in Catania.
Sella Italiano is an equine breed created in Italy.
 The Italian Government has passed a law that created a stud book for the new breed.
 The breed is blending the remnant indigenous Italian breeds of Maremmano, Salernitano and Persano horse with Anglo Arabo Sardo, Purosangue Orientale, Arabian and Thoroughbred.
 The progeny of said horses can be registered as Sella Italiano if they can pass a “performance test”.
 Furthermore, the stud book is open to other European warmbloods if they can pass the performance test and be approved by the breed registry.
 The breed is intended to produce a sport horse which can compete successfully at the international level.
The Bardigiano is a breed of small horse from the Emilia Romagna region of Italy.
 It takes its name from the town of Bardi, in the Apennines of Parma, and is principally associated with the surrounding area and the Valle del Ceno.
 The mountain environment and steep, rough terrain of the area have contributed to produce a robust, hardy breed, agile and sure-footed over difficult ground.
 Although some males and all females are under  hands , the Bardigiano is always considered a horse in its home country.
 The stud book was established in 1977, and is held by the Associazione Provinciale Allevatori, the regional animal breeders' association, of Parma.
 The breed is widely distributed in Italy, with breeders in 26 Italian provinces; a recent study examined 3556 stud book entries for living horses.
 Due to these relatively large numbers, the breed is not considered to be at risk of extinction, but is classed as "vulnerable".
Rotrou IV (1135-1191), Count of Perche, son of Rotrou III, Count of Perche, and Hawise, daughter of Walter of Salisbury, and Sibilla de Chaworth.
 Rotrou was from the House of Châteaudun and descended from the Viscounts of Châteaudun.
 His mother was a sister of Patrick of Salisbury, 1st Earl of Salisbury.
 Patrick’s sister Sibyll married John FitzGilbert, the Marshal of the Horses, whose son Henry was Bishop of Exeter and a knight in the service of Rotrou.
Yeguada Militar de Jerez de la Frontera, (en: "Military Stud of de Jerez de la Frontera") known outside Spain as the Yeguada Militar is the military Spanish stud farm headquartered in Andalusia, Spain, dedicated to horse breeding of purebred Andalusian horses and Arabian horses. Founded in 1847, it became the state military stud farm in 1893.
 In the 20th century, as need for cavalry horses declined, the stud's emphasis shifted to become a genetic reservoir to preserve the bloodlines of the Pure Spanish Horse and to continue to breed high quality Arabian horses, with stallions of both breeds being made available to private horse breeders to improve the horses of Spain.
 Today, there are two facilities located in the Jerez de la Frontera area, one primarily for stallions, the other for mares and foals, as well as multiple stallion depots across the country.
German Warmblood may refer generally to any of the various warmblood horses of Germany, or more specifically to a warmblood registered with the nationwide German Horse Breeding Society (ZfDP).
 Beneath the umbrella term "German warmblood" are several regional variations on a singular standard; individual German warmblood types are not necessarily considered "breeds", because they have an open stud book and freely exchange genetic material between each other, with other warmblood types, with Anglo-Arabians, and with breeds like the Thoroughbred, Arabian, and Trakehner.
 (The Trakehner, while a warmblood horse from Germany, has a closed stud book and thus, like the Thoroughbred and Arabian, is considered a "true" breed.)
