Sporting Portugal Fund is a Portuguese football investment fund dedicated on Sporting CP players.
 It was managed by "ESAF – Espírito Santo Fundos de Investimento Mobiliário S.A.".
 At first the fund had 3,000,000 units with €5 each.
Cetera Financial Group (commonly referred to as Cetera) is a shared service organization serving affiliates that comprise the second-largest family of independent broker-dealers in the United States.
 The company has nearly 8,000 financial advisors , is a leading provider of retail financial services to investment programs of banks and credit unions, and has over $224.5 billion in advisory and brokerage assets under advisement, generating approximately $1.6 billion in annual revenue for the 2016 fiscal year.
 “Cetera Financial Group” refers to the network of independent retail firms encompassing, among others, Cetera Advisors, Cetera Advisor Networks, Cetera Investment Services (marketed as Cetera Financial Institutions), Cetera Financial Specialists, First Allied Securities, Girard and Summit Brokerage Services.
 All firms are members FINRA/ SIPC.
Peter M. Halloran is the founder and CEO of Pharos Financial Group, an investment firm active in global markets since 1997.
 The firm was established with initial investment capital from Credit Suisse and Soros Fund Management.
 In 2014, Pharos added a Dallas-based investment arm, Titanium Exploration Partners LLC, to invest into U.S. Oil & Gas opportunities.
 Altogether, Halloran has brought over $10 billion to the markets in which he invests.
 He was awarded Hedge Fund Manager of the Year in 2010 by Hedge Fund World, and his Pharos Gas Investment Fund and Pharos Russia Fund have been both ranked among top-15 global performers by Bloomberg.
 He has never gated an investment, suspended an NAV or re-set a high water mark.
 In 2011, Halloran established the physical oil trading firm, Pharos Energy Ltd., which was then sold in 2014.
 In 2000, Halloran acquired a stake in Aton Capital Group and subsequently transformed it into a top emerging markets investment bank that was later sold to UniCredit Bank for $424 million.
Mizuho Bank, Ltd. (株式会社みずほ銀行 , Kabushiki-gaisha Mizuho Ginkō ) is the integrated retail and corporate banking unit of Mizuho Financial Group (TYO:8411; NYSE:MFG), one of the largest financial services companies in Japan, with total assets of approximately $1.64 trillion in 2014.
 Mizuho is one of the three so-called Japanese "megabanks" (along with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group).
 Mizuho Bank provides financial products and services to a wide range of clients, including individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises, large corporations, financial institutions and public sector entities.
 Its headquarters office building is located in the Otemachi district of Chiyoda, Tokyo.
ICB Banking Group also referred to as Swiss Finance Lexomburg AG or ICB Financial Group, but commonly known as International Commercial Bank (ICB), is an International financial services provider based in Schindellegi, Switzerland, with subsidiaries in Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia.
 The parent company of the group is known as ICB Financial Group Holdings AG whose stock is listed on the London Stock Exchange under the symbol: ICB.
 , ICB Banking Group was a large financial services provider with total assets in excess of US$1.32 billion and shareholders' equity in excess of US$200 million.
Sporting Clube da Praia Cruz is a football club that plays in the São Tomé and Príncipe Championship.
 The team is based in the island of São Tomé.
 The team has won eight national and six island titles and is the third team in history to claim its first title in 1982.
 The team currently plays in the island premier division.
 Its logo has a shield and is colored green and features a lion with a soccer ball on the left, the abbreviated name is bubbled on the top and the unabbreviated form is at the bottom.
 The logo was identical to Sporting Clube de Portugal old logo (also known as Sporting Portugal), the logo is different to other Sporting's logos, examples included Praia, Cape Verde, Bissau, Guinea-Bissau and Luanda, Angola, its logo is that of the town's crest.
 Sporting Portugal are the fathering club of Sporting Praia Cruz and its 82nd affiliate.
Foundation Financial Group was a financial services company with regional operations centers in Atlanta, Fort Worth, Jacksonville, Raleigh, N.C., Rochester, New York and Savannah, Ga. as well as branch offices in Wichita, KS, St. Paul, MN, Indianapolis, IN, Greenwood, IN, Kansas City, MO, and Dayton, OH that holds mortgage lending licenses in 39+ states.
 In addition, Foundation Financial Group was a major employer in Atlanta and Jacksonville, Florida.
 Foundation Financial Group has received several awards for its employment practices, community involvement, and has demonstrated growth since its original inception in 2004.
Convoy Global Holdings Limited (, ) is a member of Convoy Financial Group.
 Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Convoy Financial Services Limited (), the company is an Independent Financial Advisor (IFA) in Hong Kong which provides financial planning services, risk management, retirement planning and estate planning.
 It is the largest independent insurance and MPF schemes brokerage firm in Hong Kong in terms of number of consultants.
 Convoy Financial Services Limited is both a member of Professional Insurance Brokers Association and is registered as an Mandatory Provident Fund Corporate Intermediary under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority.
Oriental Financial Group, Inc., more commonly known as Oriental Financial or Oriental Bank, is a financial holding company located in San Juan, Puerto Rico, which offers a range of financial services in Puerto Rico and the state of Florida through its four wholly owned subsidiaries: Oriental Bank (a bank), Oriental Financial Services Corp., Oriental Insurance, Inc., and Caribbean Pension Consultants, Inc. (CPC).
 Its headquarters are located at the Oriental Center at 997-1000 San Roberto Street, Professional Offices Park in San Juan.
 The Oriental Financial Group has over $7.6 billion in assets (2005), and approximately 520 employees.
Stephen Tan (born in 1961), () is first son of Robin Chan (Chairman of the Asia Financial Group), and a grandson of Chin Sophonpanich (founder and former president of Bangkok Bank).
 He serves as the Executive Director of the Asia Financial Group.
 He has a brother Bernard Chan, who is a Hong Kong politician and businessman, President of Asia Financial Group and its main subsidiary, Asia Insurance.
