Pasvik Nature Reserve (Norwegian: "Pasvik naturreservat" ; Russian: Пасвик, Pasvik zapovednik ) is a bilateral nature reserve located in the valley of Pasvikdalen in Norway and Russia.
 The nature reserve was established in 1992 (Russia) and 1993 (Norway), and covers an area of 166.4 km2 .
 The Norwegian part, in the municipality of Sør-Varanger, covers 19.1 km2 , while the Russian part, in Pechengsky District, Murmansk Oblast, covers 147.3 km2 .
 The nature reserve includes unexploited parts of Pasvikelva and has a rich birdlife.
Jonkershoek Nature Reserve is a CapeNature nature reserve located approximately 10 km south-east of the town of Stellenbosch in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
 It covers an area of approximately 11000 ha .
The Castlereagh Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located in the western suburbs of Sydney in New South Wales, Australia.
 The 495 ha reserve is situated 60 km west of the central business district, approximately 10 km north-east of Penrith and located near the townships of Castlereagh and Londonderry .
 In 1960, 266 ha was reclaimed for use as a Child Welfare Training School, and in 1971, 389 ha was reclaimed for the establishment of a liquid waste disposal facility.
The Delta de la Dranse National Nature Reserve is a nature reserve located in the delta of the Dranse river.
 The reserve is located to the east of the commune of Thonon-les-Bains in southeastern France.
 At 1.5 km long by 500 m wide, it covers a small area of 53 ha at an elevation ranging from 372 to .
 Offering a rich botanic biodiversity, the site was declared a national nature reserve in January 1980 and declared a special "zone of protection" since September 1986.
The Bretti Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located near the Barrington Tops in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The 2902 ha reserve is situated approximately 30 km north of Gloucester.
 Flora includes wet sclerophyll eucalyptus forest and rainforest.
 It is most often viewed on a drive along the Thunderbolts Way.
 The locally rare wompoo fruit dove may be heard in rainforest areas.
Bargerveen Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in the Dutch province of Drenthe that has been included in the Natura 2000 ecological network.
 Since 2006 it is part of the Internationaler Naturpark Bourtanger Moor-Bargerveen ("engl.
 Bourtanger Moor-Bargerveen International Nature Park"), a nature reserve located on both sides of the border between the Netherlands and Germany.
 Most of the transboundary nature reserve, some 134 km2 , lies in Germany, in the west of the state of Lower Saxony.
 The sparsely populated landscape consists of large peat areas, heather, and small lakes.
The Charcoal Tank Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve in the central western region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The 86.4 ha reserve is situated 10 km south of West Wyalong and may be accessed via the Newell Highway and The Charcoal Tank Road.
 The reserve is an important refuge for native flora and fauna in a highly fragmented landscape, one in which the majority of the original vegetation has been removed.
Niagara Glen Nature Reserve is a nature reserve located near the Niagara Whirlpool along the Canadian side of the Niagara Gorge.
 It is one of the best preserved remaining example of Southern Ontario's original Carolinian forest.
 The park is operated by the Niagara Parks Commission, an agency of the Ontario government.
 The park features overlooks of the whirlpool and gorge as well as several hiking trails through the Carolinian forest.
 The nature reserve protects a pristine area of the Niagara Escarpment.
 The nature reserve is open to the public daily, as long as weather permits.
The Northeast Ecological Corridor Nature Reserve (NECNR) refers to an area designated as a protected Nature Reserve located on the northeast coast of Puerto Rico, between the municipalities of Luquillo and Fajardo.
 Specifically, the lands that comprise the NEC are located between Luquillo’s town square to the west and Seven Seas Beach to the east, being delineated by PR Route # 3 to its south and the Atlantic Ocean to its north.
 It was decreed as a protected area by former Puerto Rico Governor Aníbal S. Acevedo-Vilá in April 2008, a decision reversed by Governor Luis G. Fortuño-Burset in October 2009, although he later passed a law in June 2012 re-designated as nature reserve two-thirds of its lands, after intense lobbying and public pressure.
 Later, in 2013, Governor Alejandro García-Padilla signed a law declaring all lands within the NEC a nature reserve.
 The area comprises 2,969.64 acres (1201.77 hectares), which include such diverse habitats as forests, wetlands, beaches, coral communities, and a sporadically bioluminescent lagoon.
 The Corridor is also home to 866 species of flora and fauna, of which 54 are considered critical elements, meaning rare, threatened, endangered and endemic species classified by the Puerto Rico Department of Natural and Environmental Resources (DNER), some even designated as critically endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCN).
 These include, among others, federally endangered species such as the plain pigeon, the snowy plover, the Puerto Rican boa, the hawksbill sea turtle and the West Indian manatee.
 The beaches along the NEC, which are 8.74 kilometers (5.43 miles) long are important nesting grounds for the leatherback sea turtle ("Dermochelys coriacea"), which starts its nesting season around April each year.
Hermon nature reserve (שמורת חרמון) is a nature reserve located in the north of the Golan Heights, which was declared a nature reserve on December 6, 1974.
 The reserve includes an area in southern Mount Hermon which is located in the Israeli occupied portion of the Golan Heights.
 The reserve excludes the Mount Hermon ski resort, Neve Ativ and the Nimrod Fortress.
 The total area of the reserve is 18,842 acres (76,250 dunam).
