In the United States Army, United States Marine Corps, and United States Air Force, major general is a two-star general-officer rank, with the pay grade of O-8.
 Major general ranks above brigadier general and below lieutenant general.
 A major general typically commands division-sized units of 10,000 to 15,000 soldiers.
 Major general is equivalent to the two-star rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and United States Coast Guard and is the highest permanent rank during peacetime in the uniformed services.
 (The higher ranks are temporary ranks linked to specific positions, although virtually all officers who have been promoted to those ranks are approved to retire at their highest earned rank.)
Lieutenant General Andrew Davis Bruce (September 14, 1894 – July 28, 1969) was an American academic and soldier who served as the third president of the University of Houston.
 He retired from the United States Army in 1954 as a lieutenant general after seeing action in both World War I and World War II and founding Fort Hood, Texas.
 Three countries, France, the Philippines, and the United States, awarded him service medals, including the Distinguished Service Cross, the U.S. Army's second highest military decoration.
 Bruce is interred in Arlington National Cemetery.
Richard Edward Cavazos (born January 31, 1929), a Korean War recipient of the Distinguished Service Cross as a first lieutenant, who advanced in rank to become the United States Army's first Hispanic four-star general.
 During the Vietnam War, as a lieutenant colonel, Cavazos was awarded a second Distinguished Service Cross.
 In 1976, Cavazos became the first Mexican American to reach the rank of brigadier general in the U.S. Army.
 Cavazos served with great distinction for thirty-three years, with his final command as head of the U.S. Army Forces Command.
The Distinguished Service Cross is the second highest military award that can be given to a member of the United States Army (and previously, the United States Army Air Forces and the United States Air Force), for extreme gallantry and risk of life in actual combat with an armed enemy force.
 Actions that merit the Distinguished Service Cross must be of such a high degree that they are above those required for all other U.S. combat decorations but do not meet the criteria for the Medal of Honor.
 The Distinguished Service Cross is equivalent to the Navy Cross (Navy and Marine Corps), the Air Force Cross (Air Force), and the Coast Guard Cross (Coast Guard).
Harold Gregory "Hal" Moore, Jr. (February 13, 1922 – February 10, 2017) was a United States Army lieutenant general and author.
 He was a recipient of the Distinguished Service Cross, which is the U.S. military's second highest decoration for valor, and was the first of his West Point class (1945) to be promoted to brigadier general, major general, and lieutenant general.
Wayne W. Lambert (born 1936) was an Air force Brigadier General (United States).
 He attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, after already having served a year in the US Army.
 Lambert graduated from the Academy in 1959 and was commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant in the USAF that same year.
 He trained as a bomber pilot, receiving his Aviator badge in 1960.
 He has logged over 5,800 flying hours with the US Air Force.
 A seasoned combat veteran, Lambert flew over 225 combat missions in South East Asia as a B-52 crew member.
 He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States) and received 10 awards of the Air Medal for his service during the Vietnamese War.
 After serving in a succession of lesser command positions, Lambert was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General in 1983, assuming command of the former Strategic Air Command’s 7th Air Division, headquartered then at Ramstein Air Base in West Germany, and overseeing SAC operations throughout the European theater.
 The Brigadier General retired from the US Air Force in 1989.
 Lambert also holds an MBA from Chapman College (’76).
 In retirement, Lambert publicly supported U.S. presidential candidate Mitt Romney and U.S. vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan in the 2012 general election.
Frank Alton Armstrong Jr. (May 24, 1902 – August 20, 1969) was a lieutenant general of the United States Air Force.
 As a brigadier general in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II, he was the inspiration for the main character in the novel and subsequent film, "Twelve O'Clock High."
 After the war, he held a variety of senior leadership positions prior to and following the establishment of the USAF as an independent service in 1947.
 Promoted to major general in 1950, he advanced to lieutenant general in 1956 and retired at that rank in 1962.
Daniel William Christman (born May 5, 1943) is a retired United States Army lieutenant general, former Superintendent of the United States Military Academy (1996–2001), and the current Senior Vice President for International Affairs, U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
 A 1965 graduate of West Point, he went on to earn multiple post-graduate degrees and hold numerous commands during his army career.
 Christman served in highly visible and strategically important positions and four times was awarded the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, the nation's highest peacetime service award.
Nadja Y. West (born 1961) is a United States Army lieutenant general and the 44th U.S. Army Surgeon General and Commanding General of the U.S. Army Medical Command.
 West is the first black Army Surgeon General, and was the first black female, active-duty, major general and the first black female major general in Army Medicine.
 West is also the first Army black female lieutenant general.
 She is the highest ranking female to have graduated from the United States Military Academy.
 She received the Army Distinguished Service Medal, the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, and others.
Lieutenant General Charles N. Pede is a military lawyer who currently serves as the 40th Judge Advocate General of the United States Army.
 General Pede was promoted from the rank of Brigadier General to the rank of Lieutenant General, bypassing the rank of Major General on July 26, 2017.
