"Live Show" is the of the fifth season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 84th episode overall.
 It was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller, and co-written by series creator Tina Fey and co-showrunner and executive producer Robert Carlock.
 The episode originally aired live on the NBC television network in the United States on October 14, 2010, with separate tapings for the East Coast television audience as well as the West Coast.
 "Live Show" featured appearances by Rachel Dratch, Bill Hader, Matt Damon, Jon Hamm, and Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
La Soirée is an award-winning cabaret/variety show presented by Brett Haylock, Mark Rubinstein and Mick Perrin that debuted in London in October 2010 to rave reviews.
 The show features a number of artists who previously appeared in "La Clique", a variety show co-created by Brett Haylock.
 Haylock was also the Creative Producer of "La Clique".
 "La Soirée" is traditionally presented with a small, circular red stage as its centerpiece, with the audience sitting in rows surrounding the stage.
 The show features a rotating cast of approximately 25 artists, with the acts varying from night to night.
The untitled tenth episode of the second season of the television series "30 Rock" was first broadcast in the United States on January 10, 2008, on the NBC network.
 The episode was written by show runner Robert Carlock and Donald Glover, and was directed by Richard Shepard.
 Guest stars include James Arden, Julia Barnett, Kevin Brown, James Cavanagh Burke, Grizz Chapman, Edie Falco, Toby Huss and Gladys Knight, who appeared as herself.
 The episode focuses on Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) and her decision to invest in real-estate, Jack Donaghy's (Alec Baldwin) choice between his job and his girlfriend, and Kenneth Parcell's (Jack McBrayer) addiction to coffee.
Azie Mira Dungey is an American actress, comedian and writer.
 She wrote and played the lead role in the comedic web series "Ask a Slave," and is currently, ". . .writing a book as a follow-up to the series."
 Dungey is also currently a writer for the Netflix series "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt", produced by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is an American television sitcom created by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock, starring Ellie Kemper in the title role, that has streamed on Netflix since March 6, 2015.
 Originally set for a 13-episode first season on NBC for spring 2015, the show was sold to Netflix and given a two-season order.
"100" is a double episode of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", comprising the of the fifth season, and the 100th and 101st episodes overall of the series.
 It was written by Jack Burditt and the show's executive producers Robert Carlock and Tina Fey, who is also the series' creator, head writer, and star.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) network in the United States on April 21, 2011.
 Commemorating the 100th episode of the series, this episode was one hour long and included a multitude of guest stars including Michael Keaton, Tom Hanks, Rachel Dratch, Will Forte, Brian Williams, among others.
"Operation Righteous Cowboy Lightning" is the of the fifth season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock".
 It was written by executive producer Robert Carlock.
 The director of this episode was Beth McCarthy-Miller.
 It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on January 27, 2011.
 Guest stars in this episode include Robert De Niro, Lester Holt, Sherri Shepherd, and Dean Winters.
"Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" is an American sitcom created by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock, starring Ellie Kemper in the title role, that has streamed on Netflix since March 6, 2015.
 Originally set for a 13-episode first season on NBC for spring 2015, the show was sold to Netflix and given a two-season order.
"Believe in the Stars" is the second episode of the third season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 38th overall episode of the series.
 It was written by executive producer Robert Carlock and directed by series producer Don Scardino.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) network in the United States on November 6, 2008.
 Guest stars in this episode include Remy Auberjonois, Todd Buonopane, Raven Goodwin, and Oprah Winfrey.
"Kidney Now!"
 is the and season finale of the third season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 58th overall episode of the series.
 It was directed by series producer Don Scardino, and written by show producers Jack Burditt and Robert Carlock.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) network in the United States on May 14, 2009.
 Guest stars in this episode include Alan Alda, Kay Cannon, Donald Glover, Napiera Groves, Chris Parnell, Paula Pell, and Sherri Shepherd.
 In addition, "Kidney Now!"
 featured many musical guest stars including Clay Aiken, Elvis Costello, Mary J. Blige, Sheryl Crow, the Beastie Boys (Mike D and Ad Rock), Steve Earle, Adam Levine, Sara Bareilles, Wyclef Jean, Norah Jones, Talib Kweli, Michael McDonald, Rhett Miller, Moby, Robert Randolph, Rachael Yamagata and Cyndi Lauper, all as themselves.
