The International Nazim Hikmet Poetry Award is an award created in memory of Turkish poet Nâzım Hikmet Ran.
 The medal is awarded every two years to world poets and writers.
Lavinia Greenlaw (born 30 July 1962) is an English poet and novelist.
 Her most recent work is "A Double Sorrow: A Version of Troilus and Criseyde", which was shortlisted for the Costa Poetry Award in 2014.
Mirtemir Tursunov (Uzbek: "Mirtemir Tursunov, Миртемир Турсунов" ; Russian: Миртемир Турсунов ) (May 30, 1910 - January 25, 1978) most commonly known simply as Mirtemir, was an Uzbek poet and literary translator.
 In addition to writing his own poetry, Mirtemir translated the works of many famous foreign poets, such as Abai Qunanbaiuli, Aleksandr Pushkin, Heinrich Heine, Magtymguly Pyragy, Maxim Gorky, Mikhail Lermontov, Nâzım Hikmet, Nikolay Nekrasov, Pablo Neruda, Samad Vurgun, and Shota Rustaveli into the Uzbek language.
The course is split into four strands: Prose, Creative Non-Fiction, Poetry and Scriptwriting (which is Skillset accredited).
 All four result in an M.A. qualification upon successful completion of the course.
 The Course Directors are currently Andrew Cowan, Kathryn Hughes, Lavinia Greenlaw and Val Taylor respectively.
 Course tutors include Amit Chaudhuri, Trezza Azzopardi, Giles Foden, Tobias Jones, James Lasdun, Jean McNeil, Margaret Atwood and George Szirtes.
Nâzım Hikmet Ran (15 January 1902 – 3 June 1963), commonly known as Nâzım Hikmet (] ) was a Turkish poet, playwright, novelist, screenwriter, director and memoirist.
 He was acclaimed for the "lyrical flow of his statements".
 Described as a "romantic communist" and "romantic revolutionary", he was repeatedly arrested for his political beliefs and spent much of his adult life in prison or in exile.
 His poetry has been translated into more than fifty languages.
The hitch, "Lavinia exilicauda", is a cyprinid fish endemic to central California, and once very common.
 The name is derived from the Pomoan word for this species.
Müşir Mehmed Ali Pasha (November 18, 1827 – September 7, 1878) was a German-born Ottoman soldier.
 He was the grandfather of the Turkish statesman Ali Fuat Cebesoy, and the great-grandfather of famous poets Nâzım Hikmet and Oktay Rıfat Horozcu and the socialist activist, lawyer, and athlete Mehmet Ali Aybar.
