Matthew Stajan ( ; born December 19, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He was a second round selection, 57th overall, of the Toronto Maple Leafs at the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
 Stajan made his NHL debut in 2004 and was a member of the Maple Leafs until he was traded to Calgary in 2010.
 Internationally, Stajan was a member of the Canadian national junior team that won a silver medal at the 2003 World Junior Hockey Championships.
Conner Bleackley (born February 7, 1996) is a Canadian ice hockey player.
 He is currently playing with the Chicago Wolves in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect within the St. Louis Blues organization of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Bleackley was originally selected by the Colorado Avalanche in the first round (23rd overall) of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, but was not signed to an entry-level contract, forcing him to re-enter the 2016 NHL Entry Draft, whereupon he was selected by the St. Louis Blues in the fifth round, 144th overall.
MacKenzie Blackwood (born December 9, 1996) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.
 He is currently playing with the Binghamton Devils in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect of the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Blackwood was the top-rated North American goaltender ranked in the NHL Central Scouting Bureau's final rankings for the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
 He was taken by the Devils in the 2nd round, 42nd overall, in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Brock Boeser ( ; ] ; born February 25, 1997) is an American ice hockey player currently playing for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 A top prospect with the Waterloo Black Hawks of the United States Hockey League (USHL), Boeser was selected 23rd overall in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft by the Canucks, and spent the following two seasons with the University of North Dakota.
 He made his NHL debut in 2017 with Vancouver.
 Internationally Boeser has played for the United States national junior team at the 2016 World Junior Championships, where he helped the team win a bronze medal.
Brendan Perlini (born April 27, 1996) is an English born Canadian ice hockey forward.
 He is currently playing for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Perlini was selected by the Arizona Coyotes in the first round (12th overall) of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
 Born in the United Kingdom where his father, Fred Perlini, played hockey, Perlini grew up there before returning to Canada with his family in 2007.
 He spent four seasons in the major junior Ontario Hockey League, and made his NHL debut with the Coyotes in 2016.
 Internationally Perlini has played for the Canadian national junior team, and won a bronze medal at the 2014 World Under-18 Championship.
Paul Bittner (born November 4, 1996) is an American professional ice hockey Winger who is currently assigned to the Cleveland Monsters of the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect of the Columbus Blue Jackets in the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Bittner has played major junior hockey with the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League (WHL).
 Bittner was rated as a top prospect who was widely projected to be a first round selection in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
 He was, however, selected 38th overall, in the second round by the Blue Jackets in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Ryan Johansen (born July 31, 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, an alternate captain for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Growing up, he played minor hockey in the Greater Vancouver area until joining the junior ranks with the Penticton Vees of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) for one season.
 In 2009–10, he moved to the major junior level with the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League (WHL).
 After his first WHL season, he was selected fourth overall by the Blue Jackets in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
 Internationally, he has competed for the Canadian national junior team at the 2011 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, where he earned a silver medal and was named to the Tournament All-Star Team.
 In 2015, he participated in the 2015 NHL Skills Competition and was named the 2015 NHL All-Star Game MVP.
Oscar Dansk (born February 28, 1994) is a Swedish ice hockey goaltender currently playing with the Chicago Wolves in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect to the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Dansk was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets at the 2012 NHL Entry Draft with the 31st overall pick, the first pick of the second round.
 He was the starting goaltender for the Swedish national junior team at the 2014 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships.
Nail Railovich Yakupov (Russian: Наиль Раилович Якупов , Tatar: Наил Раил улы Якупов , "Nail Rail ulı Yakupov " ; born 6 October 1993) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League.
 He was selected first overall by the Edmonton Oilers at the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
 Yakupov grew up within the HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk junior program and moved to North America in 2010 to further his career.
 He joined the Sarnia Sting, a major junior team in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL), where he played for two years before being selected in the NHL Entry Draft.
 Yakupov played for the Russian national junior team, winning medals in all three tournaments he participated in.
Ivan Dmitrievich Barbashev (Russian: Иван Дмитриевич Барбашёв ; born 14 December 1995) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward.
 He is currently playing as a prospect to the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Barbashev was selected by the Blues in the second round (33rd overall) of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
 Born and raised in Russia, Barbashev started playing hockey there before moving to North America in 2012, where he joined the Moncton Wildcats of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL).
 He spent three seasons in the QMJHL before making his professional debut in the AHL, and made his NHL debut in 2017.
 Internationally Barbashev has played for the Russian national junior team at several tournaments, winning a silver and bronze medal in consecutive World Junior Championships.
