The Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) is an American media franchise and shared universe that is centered on a series of superhero films, independently produced by Marvel Studios and based on characters that appear in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 The franchise has expanded to include comic books, short films, television series, and digital series.
 The shared universe, much like the original Marvel Universe in comic books, was established by crossing over common plot elements, settings, cast, and characters.
 Phil Coulson, portrayed by Clark Gregg, is an original character to the MCU and the only character to appear across all the different media of the MCU.
"One Door Closes" is the fifteenth episode of the second season of the American television series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they face a rival faction of S.H.I.E.L.D.
 It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
 The episode was written by Lauren LeFranc and Rafe Judkins, and directed by David Solomon.
Marvel's The Avengers (classified under the name Marvel Avengers Assemble in the United Kingdom and Ireland), or simply The Avengers, is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
 It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
 The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Tom Hiddleston, Clark Gregg, Cobie Smulders, Stellan Skarsgård, and Samuel L. Jackson.
 In the film, Nick Fury, director of the peacekeeping organization S.H.I.E.L.D., recruits Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, and Thor to form a team that must stop Thor's brother Loki from subjugating Earth.
All Hail the King is a 2014 American direct-to-video short film featuring the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) character Trevor Slattery, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on the home media release of "".
 It is a follow up and spin-off of "Iron Man 3", and is the fifth film in the Marvel One-Shots short film series.
 The film is written and directed by Drew Pearce, and is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
 It stars Ben Kingsley, Scoot McNairy, Lester Speight, and Sam Rockwell, with Kingsley reprising his role from "Iron Man 3", and Rockwell reprising his role from "Iron Man 2".
 In "All Hail the King", a documentary filmmaker interviews the infamous fake terrorist Trevor Slattery from behind bars.
"Yes Men" is the fifteenth episode of the first season of the American television series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they get caught in an Asgardian fight.
 It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
 The episode was written by Shalisha Francis and directed by John Terlesky.
"Spacetime" is the fifteenth episode of the third season of the American television series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they race to prevent a vision of the future from playing out.
 It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
 The episode was written by Maurissa Tancharoen and Jed Whedon, and directed by Kevin Tancharoen.
General Nicholas Joseph "Nick" Fury is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics' Ultimate Marvel section as a different version of Nick Fury or Nick Fury Jr., his son and successor as director of S.H.I.E.L.D. He has a substantial presence in all the Ultimate Marvel comics, appearing first in "Ultimate Marvel Team-Up" and "Ultimate X-Men" and later reappearing regularly in "Ultimate Spider-Man" and finally securing a regular, recurring role as the general of S.H.I.E.L.D. and the leader of the Ultimates, a re-imagining of the Avengers.
 This character was designed to look like Samuel L. Jackson, the actor who later went on to portray Nick Fury in several Marvel movies and television shows set in the established Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.
 2 is a 2017 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team Guardians of the Galaxy, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
 It is the sequel to 2014's "Guardians of the Galaxy" and the fifteenth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
 The film is written and directed by James Gunn and stars an ensemble cast featuring Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, Vin Diesel, Bradley Cooper, Michael Rooker, Karen Gillan, Pom Klementieff, Elizabeth Debicki, Chris Sullivan, Sean Gunn, Sylvester Stallone, and Kurt Russell.
 In "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.
 2", the Guardians travel throughout the cosmos as they help Peter Quill learn more about his mysterious parentage.
"Jessica Jones" is an American web television series created for Netflix by Melissa Rosenberg, based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name.
 It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise, and is the second in a series of shows that will lead up to a Defenders crossover miniseries.
 The series stars Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones, with Rachael Taylor, Eka Darville, and Carrie-Anne Moss also starring.
 They were joined by Mike Colter, Wil Traval, Erin Moriarty, and David Tennant for the first season, and Leah Gibson and J.R. Ramirez for the second season.
 In addition to original characters, several characters from other Marvel Cinematic Universe television series and/or based on various Marvel properties also appear throughout the series.
"Self Control" is the fifteenth episode of the fourth season of the American television series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division), seeing S.H.I.E.L.D. infiltrated by Life Model Decoys (LMDs).
 It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
 The episode was written and directed by Jed Whedon, and serves as the last in the second "pod" of episodes for the season, subtitled "LMD".
