Coming Through (1925) is a silent film directed by A. Edward Sutherland starring Thomas Meighan and Lila Lee.
 The film was Sutherland's directorial debut and is now considered a lost film.
Albert Edward Sutherland (January 5, 1895 – December 31, 1973) was a film director and actor.
 Born in London, he was from a theatrical family.
 His father, Al Sutherland, was a theatre manager and producer and his mother, Julie Ring, was a vaudeville performer.
 He was a nephew of both Blanche Ring and Thomas Meighan, who was married to Frances Ring, another of his mother's sisters.
Pressure is a 1976 British drama film and the first feature-length fiction film directed by a Black film-maker in Britain.
 Directed by Horace Ové, and co-written by him with Samuel Selvon, "Pressure" is a powerful portrait of inter-generational tensions between first- and second-generation West Indian migrants in London's Notting Hill area.
 According to Julia Toppin,
The Orchid House is a four-part television serial that first aired on British television's Channel 4 from 21 February to 14 March 1991, directed by Horace Ové.
 Its cast featured Diana Quick, Madge Sinclair, Nigel Terry, Elizabeth Hurley, Kate Buffery and Frances Barber, and was based on Phyllis Shand Allfrey's only novel of the same name.
Ivan Edward Sutherland (born May 16, 1938) is an American computer scientist and Internet pioneer, widely regarded as the "father of computer graphics."
 His early work in computer graphics as well as his teaching with David C. Evans in that subject at the University of Utah in the 1970s was pioneering in the field.
 Sutherland, Evans, and his students from that era invented several foundations of modern computer graphics.
 He received the Turing Award from the Association for Computing Machinery in 1988 for the invention of Sketchpad, an early predecessor to the sort of graphical user interface that has become ubiquitous in personal computers.
 He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, as well as the National Academy of Sciences among many other major awards.
 In 2012 he was awarded the Kyoto Prize in Advanced Technology for "pioneering achievements in the development of computer graphics and interactive interfaces".
Burning an Illusion is a 1981 British film written and directed by Menelik Shabazz, about a young British-born black woman's love life, mostly shot in London's Notting Hill and Ladbroke Grove communities.
 It was only the second British feature to have been made by a black director, following Horace Ové’s 1975 "Pressure", and is described by Stephen Bourne as "the first British film to give a black woman a voice of any kind."
 Imruh Bakari worked with Shabazz and co-founded Kumba productions with him.
Horace Ové, CBE (born 1939), is a British filmmaker, photographer, painter and writer, one of the leading black independent film-makers to emerge in Britain since the post-war period.
 Ové holds the "Guinness World Record" for being the first black British film-maker to direct a feature-length film, "Pressure" (1975).
 In its retrospective history, "100 Years of Cinema", the British Film Institute (BFI) declared: "Horace Ové is undoubtedly a pioneer in Black British history and his work provides a perspective on the Black experience in Britain."
It's the Old Army Game is a 1926 American silent comedy film starring W. C. Fields and Louise Brooks.
 The "army game" is the shell game, a con-trick which WC Fields observes being played.
 "It's the old army game" he says, sagely.
 The film was directed by A. Edward Sutherland, billed as Eddie Sutherland, and co-stars Sutherland's aunt, the stage actress Blanche Ring in one of her few silent film appearances.
 The film is based on the revue "The Comic Supplement" by Joseph P. McEvoy and Fields, and included several skits from Fields' stage plays.
Playing Away is a 1987 TV comedy film directed by Horace Ové, from a screenplay by Caryl Phillips.
 In the story, an English cricket team, fictitiously named "Sneddington" (based in Lavenham, Suffolk), invites a team of West Indian heritage based in Brixton (South London) to play a charity game in support of their "Third World Week."
 According to Screenonline, "The gentle comedy of manners and unexpected reversal of white and black stereotypes in "Playing Away" contrasts sharply with the stylistic experimentation and the militant denunciations of racial prejudice in director Horace Ové's earlier feature, "Pressure" (1975)." "
New York Times" reviewer Vincent Canby called it "witty and wise without being seriously disturbing for a minute".
Zak Ové (born 1966) is a British visual artist who works between sculpture, film and photography, living in London, UK, and Trinidad.
 His themes reflect "his documentation of and anthropological interest in diasporic and African history, specifically that which is explored through Trinidadian carnival."
 In work that is "filtered through his own personal and cultural upbringing, with a black Trinidadian father and white Irish mother", he has exhibited widely in Europe, the United States and Africa, participating in international museum shows in London, Dakar, Paris, Dubai, Prague, Berlin, Johannesburg, Bamako and New York City.
 His father is the filmmaker Horace Ové and his sister is the actress Indra Ové.
