Michael "Mick" Carter is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" played by Danny Dyer, making his first appearance in the show in the episode originally broadcast in the United Kingdom on 25 December 2013.
 Dyer's casting was announced on 1 October 2013 with that of his on-screen partner, Linda Carter, played by Kellie Bright.
 He is the son of established character Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) and a member of the Carter family.
 Mick immediately becomes the new landlord of The Queen Victoria public house (referred to as "The Vic"), bringing Linda, their son Johnny Carter (Sam Strike/Ted Reilly) and pet dog Lady Di with him.
 They are later joined by daughter Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill), son Lee Carter (Danny-Boy Hatchard) and other members of the extended family.
The Gatehouse, also known as The Gate House, is a public house located next to Monnow Bridge in Monmouth, Wales.
 The pub was known as the Barley Mow until it changed its name in 1993.
 It is the only public house in Monmouth located beside a river.
 The pub has a restaurant area, seated balcony and a function room.
Linda Bernadette Carter is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Kellie Bright.
 She first appeared on 19 December 2013 and her casting was announced alongside her on-screen partner, Mick Carter (Danny Dyer).
 Linda was introduced by new executive producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins as part of the Carter family.
 Linda became landlady of The Queen Victoria public house and moved there with her family from her mother's pub in Watford.
 Although never credited with the name, in a small number of episodes, the character is referred to as Linda Peacock.
 In May 2016, Bright announced that she was pregnant with her second child and that she would be taking maternity leave.
 Linda departed the series on 25 December 2016 although she made two separate guest appearances on 16 March and 30 June 2017.
 She returned full-time on 7 August.
The Adam & Eve is a former public house located on the corner of Bradford Street and Warner Street, in Deritend, Birmingham, England.
 There had been a public house of this name in this location for at least 200 years.
Nancy Carter is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Maddy Hill.
 Nancy's first appearance is in a combination of the show's 4775th and 4776th episodes, originally broadcast in the United Kingdom on 1 January 2014.
 A member of the Carter family, Nancy is the daughter of Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) and Linda Carter (Kellie Bright).
 Her storylines include relationships with Wayne Ladlow (Malachi Kirby), Dexter Hartman (Khali Best) and Tamwar Masood (Himesh Patel), coping with the aftermath of her mother's rape, suffering from epilepsy and a feud with her older brother Lee Carter (Danny-Boy Hatchard).
 On 12 March 2016, it was announced that Hill would be leaving the show, with Nancy making her final appearance alongside Tamwar on 22 April 2016.
The Fat Cat Brewery is a brewery located at the "Fat Cat Brewery Tap", Lawson Road, Norwich in the English county of Norfolk.
 The brewery is owned by Colin Keatley landlord of the "Fat Cat" public house twice winner of the CAMRA National Pub of the Year.
The Hare and Billet is a public house located in Blackheath, London, overlooking parts of Greenwich Park.
 In the 18th century, the Hare and Billet was a coaching inn.
 The pub is now part of the Capital Pub Company, which was purchased by Greene King in 2011.
 The pub received media coverage in 2014 after a south London MP made a speech in the House of Commons claiming a condiment they served was a "parasitic copy" of another brand of Worcester Sauce, leading to a backlash that was nicknamed "Hendogate".
Whitney Carter (also Dean) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Shona McGarty.
 The character is the adoptive daughter of long-running character Bianca Jackson (Patsy Palmer), and was introduced in April when Palmer returned to the series after a six-year absence.
 Whitney is described by executive producer Diederick Santer as both an equal to, and younger version of Bianca, and is the oldest of Bianca's four children.
 Her storylines have revolved around her fractured family life, her sexual abuse by Bianca's partner Tony King (Chris Coghill), her sexual exploitation by Rob Grayson (Jody Latham), her marriage to Lee Carter (Danny-Boy Hatchard) and miscarrying his baby, surviving a bus crash, falling in love with her father-in-law Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) and becoming engaged to Woody Woodward (Lee Ryan).
 McGarty was temporarily written out of "EastEnders" for four weeks in July 2012 because of her repeated lateness to work.
 McGarty took an extended break from the show in 2017, with Whitney departing on 29 May, she returned on 31 July.
The Square and Compass is a Grade II listed public house in Worth Matravers, Dorset.
 Built in the 18th century as a pair of cottages before becoming a public house, the Square and Compass got its name in 1830 from a landlord who had been a stonemason.
 The building includes a museum of fossils and other local artefacts and the pub is one of only nine nationally that has been included in every edition of CAMRA's good pub guide.
The Shakespeare Public House (grid reference [ ST586725] ) is a historic public house situated at 66-70 Prince Street in Bristol, England.
 Originally built in 1725 by the Bristol builder John Strahan as a pair of attached Georgian-style houses, it was converted into a public house in 1777 at which time it supplied refreshment to dock workers at the adjoining port.
 It has been a grade II* listed building since 1959.
