Capelli Sport Stadium, formerly PAETEC Park, Marina Auto Stadium, Rochester Rhinos Stadium, and Sahlen's Stadium, is a soccer-specific stadium in Rochester, New York, US.
 It is home to the Rochester Rhinos of the United Soccer League and the Rochester Rattlers of Major League Lacrosse.
 It was also home of the Western New York Flash of the National Women's Soccer League.
 The stadium hosts other sporting events such as collegiate soccer, Rochester Rhinos Elite youth soccer games and practices, American football, field hockey and drum and bugle corps competitions as well as concerts.
The 2016 season was Western New York Flash's ninth season, the fourth in which they competed in the National Women's Soccer League, the top division of women's soccer in the United States.
 The season ended with the Flash's first finals appearance since the 2013 NWSL season and the franchise's first NWSL Championship victory.
 It was also the final season of the NWSL franchise's existence in Rochester, New York, or as the Western New York Flash, after being purchased by the North Carolina FC organization, moved to Cary, North Carolina, and rebranded as the North Carolina Courage in January 2017.
 It was replaced in March 2017 by a new Buffalo-based Western New York Flash team in United Women's Soccer.
Rebecca "Becky" Edwards (born May 22, 1988) is an American soccer player from Downingtown, Pennsylvania.
 She currently plays for Kristianstads DFF in the Swedish Damallsvenskan.
 She previously played for Orlando Pride, Houston Dash, Portland Thorns, and Western New York Flash in the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) as well as FC Gold Pride and the championship-winning Western New York Flash in Women's Professional Soccer (WPS).
The Rochester Dragons were a men's ultimate team based in Rochester, New York, competing in the East Division of the American Ultimate Disc League.
 The team was introduced during the 2012 season as the Buffalo Hunters before moving to Rochester in 2013.
 The Dragons played their 2014 home games at SUNY Brockport in Brockport, New York with the exception of the May 17, 2014 game which was played at Sahlen's Stadium in Rochester, New York, known for being the home of the 2015 USL Champion Rochester Rhinos and the Western New York Flash.
 The 2015 home games are scheduled to be played at Spencerport High School's stadium.
 The Dragons had their first franchise win on May 5, 2013 against the New Jersey Hammerheads, winning 26 to 14 at home.
Samantha May "Sam" Kerr (born 10 September 1993) is an Australian soccer forward who plays for the Australia women's national soccer team (also known as the Matildas) and Sky Blue FC in the American National Women's Soccer League (NWSL).
 s of July 2017 , she is the all-time leading scorer in the league.
 She previously played for Sydney FC and Perth Glory in the Australian W-League as well as the Western New York Flash in the NWSL.
 In 2013, she helped the Flash win the inaugural NWSL Shield.
 In 2017, she was awarded the Julie Dolan Medal.
 She was named International Player of the Year by the Football Media Association (FMA) in 2013 and 2014.
Victoria Teresa DiMartino (born September 4, 1991) is an American soccer player from Massapequa, New York.
 She is a forward for the Western New York Flash in the National Women's Soccer League, and a defender for the United States U-20 women's national soccer team.
Jordan Leigh Angeli (born May 31, 1986) is an American former soccer player from Lakewood, Colorado.
 She last played for the Western New York Flash in the National Women's Soccer League after a preseason trade with the Washington Spirit.
 Known for her versatility, Angeli originally debuted for the Santa Clara University women's soccer team as a defender, was moved to forward for Santa Clara in 2005, and played as a midfielder for the United States U-20 women's national soccer team at the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship.
Jessica Marie "Jess" McDonald (born February 28, 1988) is an American professional soccer forward who currently plays for the North Carolina Courage of the National Women's Soccer League and is a member of the United States women's national soccer team.
 She previously played for the Australian W-League team Melbourne Victory as well as the Western New York Flash, Chicago Red Stars, Seattle Reign FC, Portland Thorns FC and Houston Dash.
The 2010 season was Buffalo Flash's second season of existence, and the second in which they competed in the W-League, at the time the second division of women's soccer in the United States.
 This was the last year the Flash operated under the Buffalo name, they became the Western New York Flash when they moved on to Women's Professional Soccer in 2011.
The 2011 Western New York Flash season was the team's inaugural and only season in the Women's Professional Soccer league, after competing as the Buffalo Flash in the USL W-League.
 The Western New York Flash won the league, then went on to win the 2011 WPS championship over the Philadelphia Independence.
