On 5 February 1921, the Revolutionary Military Council of the Byelorussian SSR in Minsk organized short-term 81st Infantry commanders courses in a former seminary.
 The school was renamed as the courses of the Peoples' Commissars of the Byelorussian SSR in the same year.
 In 1921, it was again renamed "Minsk Infantry Training of the Red Army", managed by the People's Commissariat of Defence.
 On 9 October 1924, the 7th United Belarusian Military School was organized from these organizations, with a three-year training period.
 The school focused on preparing staff commanders for the cavalry, infantry and the artillery of the Red Army.
 Almost a third of the curriculum was devoted to general education subjects.
 Students received training in squad tactics during the second year and platoon tactics in the last year of study.
 The school initially trained officers for the 2nd Rifle Division.
Calcutta School of Music established in 1915 by Phillipe Sandre is one of the premier institutions of India, in the field of Western Classical music and Contemporary classical music.
 It was established in the year 1915 by Phillipé Sandré, a musician of considerable calibre, and a contemporary and friend of the famous composer Saint Saëns.
 It has a wide ranging canvas of musical disciplines covering both Indian and Western music, dance, speech training, elocution, and drama.
 The School is an important element of the city of Kolkata, providing liberal instruction in musical subjects on one hand, and also arranging orchestral, chamber and solo music training and concerts, as well as music appreciation sessions throughout the year.
 Many visiting luminaries of the musical world have visited the School throughout its existence.
 this include maestros Yehudi Menuhin, Isaac Stern and Mstislav Rostropovich.
 The great sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar inaugurated the faculty of Indian Music & Dance during the year 1975.
Elaine L. Bearer BM, MA, MD-PhD, FAAAS, FCAP, is an American neuroscientist, pathologist and composer of serious music.
 She received her Bachelor’s of Music from The Manhattan School of Music in Theory with studies in composition with Nadia Boulanger at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Fountainebleau and in Paris, and Computer Science at Carnegie Institute of Technology in Pittsburgh, PA.
 She received the Master’s of Art from New York University, where her thesis was Structural Innovation in the String Quartets of Haydn.
 After post-baccalaureate training in science at Stanford, where she was a teaching assistant to Donald Kennedy in the Program in Human Biology, she received the combined MD-PhD degree from University of California San Francisco (UCSF), as the first graduate of its new Medical Scientist Training Program.
 After a one year post-doctoral fellowship with Lelio Orci in Geneva, she returned to UCSF for residency and fellowship training-- clinically in Pathology and Medical Genetics with Charlie Epstein, and scientifically in Biochemistry and Biophysics with Bruce Alberts.
 She was recruited to a tenure track position at Brown University in 1991 and rose in the ranks to full professorship.
 In 2009 University of New Mexico recruited her to an endowed tenured professorship and as Vice Chair for Research.
 Her faculty website at UNM can be found at
Johann Gottlieb Naumann was born in Blasewitz and received his musical training from the teachers at his town school, where he was instructed in piano and organ.
 Later, he studied at the Kreuzschule in Dresden and was a member of the Dresdner Kreuzchor.
 In Dresden he was taught by the organist and cantor of the Kreuzschule, Gottfried August Homilius, a student of Bach.
 In May 1757, he traveled to Italy with the Swedish violinist Anders Wesström.
 The composer Giuseppe Tartini encountered Naumann in 1762 and took an interest in his work.
 Later that year, he made his debut as an opera composer in Venice with "Il tesoro insidiato."
 Following his successful 1764 production of "Li creduti spiriti," he was engaged as the second church composer at the Dresden court, on the composer Johann Adolf Hasse's recommendation.
Naval Officer Training Command Newport (or more simply, Officer Training School) is a unit of Naval Education and Training Command, located on Naval Station Newport in Newport, Rhode Island that is responsible to the Chief of Naval Education and Training for the development of civilians, enlisted, and newly commissioned personnel for service in the fleet as Naval Officers.
 Outside of the requisite physical readiness testing, the programs are academic in nature, and with the exception of the student enrolled in the Naval Science Institute or Officer Candidate School, personnel will come to Officer Training School having already received their commission or warrant.
The Aida Foster Theatre School for drama, dance and education was founded by Aida Foster in 1929 as a hobby to teach dancing.
 It expanded over the years to become one of Britain's foremost stage schools.
 Many stage and film personalities of the 20th Century received their professional education and arranged their first employment through the school.
 Run by Aida, and later by her daughter Anita Foster, it catered for three different groups of students: those that undertook dance training only, younger pupils that had full education plus both dancing and drama training, and older students taking drama training only.
Palmerton Area High School is a four-year public high school in Palmerton, Carbon County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 Palmerton Area High School is the sole high school operated by Palmerton Area School District.
 In 2016, enrollment had declined to 451 pupils in 9th through 12th grades, with 29% of pupils eligible for a free lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
 Additionally, 11.9% of pupils received special education services, while 3% of pupils were identified as gifted.
 The school employed 33 teachers.
 Per the PA Department of Education, 100% of the teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
 The junior high and senior high share a single building.
 High school students may choose to attend the Carbon Career & Technical Institute for training in the construction and mechanical trades.
 The Carbon-Lehigh Intermediate Unit IU21 provides the School with a wide variety of services like: specialized education for disabled students; state mandated training on recognizing and reporting child abuse; speech and visual disability services; criminal background check processing for prospective employees and professional development for staff and faculty.
Ahmet Şerif İzgören, was born in Izmir in 1965.
 In 1983, the Military High School, graduated in 1987 from Hacettepe University Department of Linguistics.
 Turkish Armed Forces worked up to the rank of lieutenant.
 Resigned from the army in 1991.
 Ankara University TOMER same year he founded City Branch, and this branch has served four years as the director.
 During this period, Bursa's first opened cultural centers.
 Turkey's only magazine released translation.
 Sixteen of theater, music, pictures, said the club's honorary president.
 In 1995 he was transferred to the private sector, said general manager in two separate companies.
 AIESEC in 1996 as a member of the High Advisory Council were in service.
 England (Sunley Management Center) and Turkey time management, finance, leadership, body language, business administration and management models, sales and marketing, communications, corporate functions, decision-making techniques, stress management, motivation, creativity, leadership, benchmarking, etc..
 subjects attended many seminars and received training.
 Later in the country and overseas training in these areas gave.
 Leadership, teamwork, management and communication in the field, including several universities abroad and also on the platform has more than 500 seminars.
 Many Turkish and foreign companies present in these areas to provide training and consulting services.
 İzgören to bring about change in institutions and systems to work known to form.
 Founder of the Academy International / İzgörenAkın Training and Consulting firm since 1996; Elma Publishing House's (Academy Plus Publishing Co.), is Chairman of the Board since 1999.
 With eight of business and management issues including personal development, on the two books were published.
 Over ten thousand of these, nine have been sold.
Willard Gaylin is Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons.
 He is co-founder, along with Daniel Callahan, of The Hastings Center, and was its president since its inception in 1969 to 1993, chairman through 1994, and is now a member of the board.
 Gaylin received his B.A. from Harvard College, his M.D. from CaseWestern Medical School, and a Certificate in Psychoanalytic Education from the Columbia University Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research.
 For some 30 years he served on its faculty as a training and supervising psychoanalyst.
 At one time he simultaneously served as Professor of Psychiatry at Columbia Medical School, Professor of Psychiatry and Law at Columbia Law School and Adjunct Professor at Union Theological Seminary.
Nightbook is an album created by Italian composer Ludovico Einaudi and released in 2009.
 The album saw Einaudi take a new direction with his music as he incorporated synthesized sounds alongside his solo piano playing.
 A new approach could be seen with tracks such as "Nightbook", and "Lady Labyrinth" where the element of percussion was utilized along the piano, acting as a driving force throughout the song.
