Illegal drugs in Puerto Rico are an increasingly significant problem from a criminal, social, and medical perspective, and a large amount of crime in Puerto Rico has been linked to the amount of illegal drugs that flow through the country.
 Located in the Caribbean, Puerto Rico has become a major transshipment point for drugs into the United States.
 Violent and property crimes have increased due in part to dealers trying to keep their drug business afloat, using guns and violence to protect themselves, their turfs, and drug habits.
Drug addiction is defined as compulsive and out-of-control drug use, despite negative consequences.
 In the last few decades, drug addiction has increased exponentially in Pakistan.
 Most of the illegal drugs come from the neighbouring Afghanistan.
 According to the UN estimate, 8.9 million people in the country are drug users.
 Cannabis is the most used drug.
 The rate of injection drug abuse has also increased significantly in Pakistan, sparking fears of an HIV epidemic.
Illicit drug use in Australia is the recreational use of prohibited drugs in Australia.
 Illicit drugs include illegal drugs (such as cannabis, opiates, and certain types of stimulants), pharmaceutical drugs (such as pain-killers and tranquillisers) when used for non-medical purposes, and other substances used inappropriately (such as inhalants).
 According to government and community organisations, the use and abuse, and the illegality, of illicit drugs is a social, health and legal issue that creates an annual illegal market estimated to be worth A$ 6.7 billion.
Most countries have legislation designed to criminalise some drug use.
 Usually however the legislative process is self-referential, defining abuse in terms of what is made illegal.
 The legislation concerns lists of drugs specified by the legislation.
 These drugs are often called "illegal drugs" but, generally, what is illegal is their unlicensed production, supply and possession.
 The drugs are also called "controlled drugs" or "controlled substances".
Drug policy of Slovakia is the legislative framework that governs all aspects of legal drugs and illegal drugs on the territory of Slovakia.
 It was established with the country's creation on 1 January 1993; the Slovak Republic taking over all commitments of the former Czechoslovakia.
 Both domestic and international law governs the manufacture, sale, transport and use of most drugs.
 Alcohol is the most used drug in Slovakia, featuring prominently in the Slovak culture.
 Slovakia consistently ranks among the top alcohol consuming countries in the world.
Drug abuse is a major issue in Tanzania.
 In 2011, the drug control commission (which is dealing with drug abuse issues) reported that the number of people who are addicted ranges from 150,000 and 500,000.
 Most of the people who are involved in drug abuse in Tanzania are youths, who are often involved in trafficking and consuming illegal drugs like cannabis.
 The common illegal drugs in Tanzania are khat, marijuana, heroin, cocaine, and cannabis.
The prevalence of drug use in the Philippines is lower than the global average, according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC).
 Two of the most used and valuable illegal drugs in the country are methamphetamine hydrochloride (shabu) and marijuana.
 Ephedrine and methylenedioxy methamphetamine are also among the list of illegal drugs that are of great concern to the authorities.
Drug possession is the crime of having one or more illegal drugs in one's possession, either for personal use, distribution, sale or otherwise.
 Illegal drugs fall into different categories and sentences vary depending on the amount, type of drug, circumstances, and jurisdiction.
The War on Drugs is a term for the actions taken and legislation enacted by the United States government, intended to reduce or eliminate the production, distribution, and use of illicit drugs.
 The War on Drugs began during the Nixon Administration, with the goal of reducing the supply of and demand for illegal drugs, though an ulterior, racial motivation has been proposed.
 The War on Drugs has led to controversial legislation and policies, including mandatory minimum penalties and stop-and-frisk searches, which have been suggested to be carried out disproportionately against minorities.
 The effects of the War on Drugs are contentious, with some suggesting that it has created racial disparities in arrests, prosecutions, imprisonment and rehabilitation.
 Others have criticized the methodology and conclusions of such studies.
 In addition to enforcement disparities, some claim that the collateral effects of the War on Drugs have established forms of structural violence, especially for minority communities.
The Partnership for Drug-Free Kids, first known as the Partnership for a Drug-Free America (PDFA) then later as the Partnership at DrugFree.org, is a New York City-based non-profit organization which runs campaigns to prevent teenage drug and alcohol abuse in the United States.
 It is notable for mobilizing volunteer talent "against a single social problem" to help young people "live their lives free of drug and alcohol abuse," and to assist parents in prevention efforts.
 The organization gets input from scientists, specialists in communication, researchers and others, and offers resources for parents and teenagers on its website.
 It focused efforts to "unsell" illegal drugs such as cocaine, heroin, prescription drugs, marijuana, MDMA, and others, as well as discouraging abuse of alcohol and nitrous oxide, by breaking away from a standard public service approach and doing a coordinated media campaign.
 While the organization has focused drug prevention advertising on broadcast media such as television, there are signs in recent years that it is shifting media support to emerging channels such as video-on-demand, digital technology and particularly the Internet.
 The organization's marketing experience was written up as a 58-page marketing "case study" for study by students at the Harvard Business School.
 The organization is perhaps best known for its iconic TV ad "This Is Your Brain on Drugs", but it had made over 3,000 ads by 2011 while pursuing a flexible strategy.
