Cynthia Ann Stephanie "Cyndi" Lauper (born June 22, 1953) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and LGBT rights activist.
 Her career has spanned over 30 years.
 Her debut solo album "She's So Unusual" (1983) was the first debut female album to chart four top-five hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100—"Girls Just Want to Have Fun", "Time After Time", "She Bop", and "All Through the Night"—and earned Lauper the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985.
 Her success continued with the soundtrack for the motion picture "The Goonies" and her second record "True Colors" (1986).
 This album included the number one single "True Colors" and "Change of Heart", which peaked at number 3.
Jason Chao Teng Hei (; born December 12, 1986) was born in Macau.
 Chao is a voluntary social activist and LGBT rights campaigner.
 He is currently the President of the New Macau Association, the Director of the satirical newspaper "Macau Concealer", co-founder and member of activist organisation Macau Conscience, and co-founder and member of Macau LGBT Rights Concern Group.
Terrence Patrick "Terry" Bean is an American political fundraiser, a civil rights activist, and a pioneer of the LGBT rights movement.
 He is known for co-founding several national LGBT rights organizations, including the Human Rights Campaign and the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund.
 s of 2012 , he is the CEO and President of Bean Investment Real Estate and resides in Portland, Oregon.
Be An Angel Romania (BAAR) is a Romanian human rights organisation based in Cluj-Napoca founded by Lucian Dunăreanu, a LGBT rights activist.
 Although the organisation's mission is to combat discrimination in Romanian society in all its forms, its main field of activity is in LGBT rights and dealing with discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Lois Galgay Reckitt (born December 31, 1944) is an American feminist, human rights activist, LGBT rights activist, and domestic violence advocate.
 Called "one of the most prominent advocates in Maine for abused women", she served as executive director of Family Crisis Services in Portland, Maine for more than three decades.
 From 1984 to 1987 she served as executive vice president of the National Organization for Women in Washington, D.C. She is a co-founder of the Human Rights Campaign Fund, the Maine Coalition for Human Rights, the Maine Women's Lobby, and the first Maine chapter of the National Organization for Women.
 She was inducted into the Maine Women's Hall of Fame in 1998.
Vicki Gabriner (born 1942-) is an American-Jewish civil rights activist, feminist and LGBT rights activist who became an activist when she was just a student.
 She was one of the members of "The Weathermen" which was the radical student activist group.
 In 2002, she was honored at the 2002 Women Who Dared event in Boston.
The Russian LGBT Network (Russian: Российская ЛГБТ-сеть ) is a non-governmental LGBT rights organization working for the social acceptance of and protection of the rights of LGBT people in Russia.
 Founded in 2006, it was reformed into the first (and only) Russian inter-regional LGBT rights organization on October 19, 2008.
 The organization is a member of the International Lesbian and Gay Association (ILGA) and is led by Russian LGBT rights activist Igor Kochetkov.
Equality Matters is a media and communications initiative in support of LGBT rights in the United States.
 According to its website, Equality Matters is a partner organization with Media Matters for America, a progressive media watchdog group.
 Richard Socarides, longtime LGBT rights activist and former senior advisor to President Bill Clinton on gay civil rights issues, served as president of Equality Matters from its founding, and Kerry Eleveld, journalist for "The Advocate", served as editor beginning in 2011.
 Both announced their departure from the organization in November 2011.
Jean Chong is a Singaporean LGBT rights activist.
 She co-founded Sayoni, a LGBT rights organization, and serves as one of the leaders of the ASEAN Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and Gender Expression Caucus, an activist collective.
Kwak Yi-kyong (곽이경 , born 1979) is a South Korean LGBT human rights activist, civil rights activist, and labor rights activist.
 From 2012 to the present, she has been a representative of Solidarity for LGBT Human Rights of Korea(SLRK).
