The history of the Kansas City metropolitan area begins in the 19th century as Frenchmen from St. Louis, Missouri moved up the Missouri River to trap for furs and trade with the Native Americans.
 The Kansas City metropolitan area, straddling the border between Missouri and Kansas at the confluence of the Kansas and Missouri Rivers, was a strategic point for commerce and security.
 Kansas City, Missouri was founded in 1838 and defeated its rival Westport to become the predominant city west of St. Louis.
 The area played a major role in the westward expansion of the United States.
 The Santa Fe, and Oregon trails ran through the area.
 In 1854, when Kansas was opened to Euro-American settlement, the Missouri-Kansas border became the first battlefield in the conflict in the American Civil War.
The University of the Incarnate Word (UIW) is a private Catholic university whose main campus is located in San Antonio and Alamo Heights, Texas, United States.
 Founded in 1881 by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, the university's main campus is located on 154 acre .
The Federal University of Paraíba (Portuguese: "Universidade Federal da Paraíba" , UFPB) is a public university whose main campus is located in the city of João Pessoa, Paraíba, Brazil.
 Together with the Federal University of Campina Grande, it is the main university of the state of Paraiba, Brazil.
The Kansas City metropolitan area is a 15-county metropolitan area anchored by Kansas City, Missouri, that straddles the border between the U.S. states of Missouri and Kansas.
 With a population of about 2,340,000, it ranks as the second largest metropolitan area with its core in Missouri (after Greater St. Louis).
 Alongside Kansas City, the area includes a number of other cities and suburbs, the largest being Overland Park, Kansas; Kansas City, Kansas; Olathe, Kansas; and Independence, Missouri; each over 100,000 in population.
 The Mid-America Regional Council (MARC) serves as the Council of Governments and the Metropolitan Planning Organization for the area.
The University of Missouri–Kansas City (UMKC) is a public research university serving the greater Kansas City metropolitan area.
 Located in Kansas City, Missouri, UMKC is one of four system campuses that collectively constitute the University of Missouri.
 UMKC is spread across multiple locales; the main Volker Campus, home to the majority of university operations, is located in Kansas City's Rockhill neighborhood, east of the Country Club Plaza, and adjacent to both the Stowers Institute for Medical Research and the world-renowned Linda Hall Library.
 In 2017 the University, in collaboration with Truman Medical Center, Children's Mercy Hospital, the Missouri Health Department, the Jackson County Medical Examiners Office, and the Missouri Department of Mental Health Behavioral Medicine, formed the UMKC Health Sciences District on Hospital Hill.
 This district is a first-in-the-nation partnership between local and state governments, the university, and these nationally recognized healthcare faculties, designed to promote collaboration in research, innovation, education, grant funding, and community outreach, for the advancement of health and wellness in the greater Kansas City metropolitan area.
 Also in 2017, the university announced plans to expand its metropolitan identity with the construction of a downtown Campus for the Arts, located near the Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts.
 The university's enrollment as of 2015 exceeded more than 16,600 students.
Downtown Kansas City is the central business district (CBD) of Kansas City, Missouri and the Kansas City metropolitan area.
 It is between the Missouri River in the north, to 31st Street in the south; and from the Kansas–Missouri state line east to Bruce R. Watkins Drive as defined by the Downtown Council of Kansas City; the 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan formulated by the City of Kansas City defines the Greater Downtown Area to be the city limits of North Kansas City and Missouri to the north, the Kansas–Missouri state line to the west, 31st Street to the south and Woodland Avenue to the east.
 However, the definition used by the Downtown Council is the most commonly accepted.
The University of Kansas, often referred to as KU or Kansas, is a public research university in the U.S. state of Kansas.
 The main campus in Lawrence, one of the largest college towns in Kansas, is on Mount Oread, the highest elevation in Lawrence.
 Two branch campuses are in the Kansas City metropolitan area: the Edwards Campus in Overland Park, and the university's medical school and hospital in Kansas City.
 There are also educational and research sites in Parsons, Topeka, Garden City, Hays, and Leavenworth, and branches of the medical school in Wichita and Salina.
 The university is one of the 62 members of the Association of American Universities.
Kansas City jazz is a style of jazz that developed in Kansas City, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri and the surrounding Kansas City Metropolitan Area during the 1930s and marked the transition from the structured big band style to the musical improvisation style of Bebop.
 The hard-swinging, bluesy transition style is bracketed by Count Basie who in 1929 signed with the Bennie Moten's Kansas City Orchestra and Kansas City native Charlie Parker who was to usher in the Bebop style in the 1940s.
 According to a Kansas City website, "While New Orleans was the birthplace of jazz, America's music grew up in Kansas City".
 Kansas City is known as one of the most popular "cradles of jazz".
 Other cities include New Orleans, Chicago, St. Louis, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, and New York City.
North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States that despite the similarity in name to its larger counterpart, Kansas City, is an independent municipality part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.
 The population was 4,208 at the 2010 census.
 Originally a northern suburb across the Missouri River from Kansas City, Missouri, it is now almost completely surrounded by Kansas City, which has annexed far to the north of North Kansas City's northern city limits.
 North Kansas City also adjoins the small municipality of Avondale.
Kansas City Scout is one of the United States' largest electronic traffic management systems.
 It was created in 2000 as part of a bi-state initiative between the Missouri Department of Transportation and the Kansas Department of Transportation to provide this system for the Kansas City Metropolitan Area, which is in both Missouri and Kansas (the anchor city of Kansas City is in Missouri).
 The project's cost was $43 million.
 Of that amount, the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) contributed 80-90 percent of the project cost.
 KDOT and MoDOT shared the remaining cost.
 The system employs a system of electronic boards placed on major highways throughout the metropolitan area that display traffic information whenever information needs to be displayed (due to an accident, lane closure, highway closure etc.), and the system also has cameras on those billboards to automatically detect traffic problems.
 While the system has extensive coverage of highways in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area it still has much more to cover.
 Since it would be too expensive to cover all the major highways in the Kansas City metro (which has more miles of highway per person than any other metropolitan area in the United States), studies were conducted to determine which highways or segments of highways have priority due to higher accident rates.
 Since the project's beginning, it has expanded greatly, and will continue to expand.
 Future plans are to extend coverage to I-635 and cover I-435 even more (especially in the northern areas of the metro) as well as other major city highways.
 It was named after the iconic Kansas City Scout Statue that exists in Penn Valley Park, overlooking Downtown Kansas City.
