Allen B. Worley of Roanoke, Virginia, Captain (USN), Rear Admiral (USMS), was the tenth Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy (USMMA) at Kings Point, New York.
 Retired career U.S. Navy and a 1974 graduate of the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, Worley was Superintendent of the Texas Maritime Academy, one of the United States' six state maritime academies prior to his being appointed Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy in 2008.
 In addition to his Naval Academy BS degree in physics, Webster University awarded him a MA degree in business administration and personnel management, and the United States Naval War College awarded him a MA degree in national security and strategic studies.
 Admiral Worley resigned from his position as Superintendent of the USMMA in 2009, effective January 4, 2010, serving as the Academy’s Superintendent for just over a year.
Paul G. Pastorek (born June 1954) is a lawyer in Loudoun County, Virginia, who was from 2007 to 2011 the Louisiana state superintendent of education, based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
 He was appointed superintendent by the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education (BESE), of which he had been one of three appointed members from 1996 to 2004.
 BESE sets and monitors state education policy.
Lieutenant General Winfield W. Scott Jr. (born December 10, 1927) was the tenth Superintendent of the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado.
 Thereafter, he was appointed Superintendent of the New Mexico Military Institute, a public military high school and junior college that is supported by the State of New Mexico, located in Roswell, New Mexico.
Dr. James A. Helis, Rear Admiral (United States Maritime Service), is the twelfth Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy.
 A 1979 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, and a decorated Afghanistan War veteran, Helis served thirty years in the US Army, retiring at the rank of Colonel (United States Army).
 In 2012, Helis was commissioned a United States Maritime Service Rear Admiral and appointed Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy by US Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood.
 Helis served his last eight years with the U.S. Army as an academic, culminating as Chair of the Department of National Security and Strategy at the United States Army War College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
 Helis earned a Master of Arts in political science from the University of Pennsylvania, a Master of Military Affairs from the United States Army Command and General Staff College, School of Advanced Military Studies at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and a Doctor of Philosophy in international relations from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
 An airborne United States Army Ranger, Helis was awarded the Army Master Parachutist Badge.
 Helis and his wife Jan have two sons, Dr. Corbin Helis, a physician and West Point graduate, and Ian Helis.
Rear Admiral Thomas T. Matteson (born June 15, 1935) was appointed Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy in the summer of 1993 and served in that position until his retirement in August 1998.
 Matteson had served as superintendent of the United States Coast Guard Academy from June 1989, prior to taking over as superintendent of the Merchant Marine Academy.
Bettye Jo Crisler Carr (September 29, 1926 – July 7, 2007) was a preacher, a teacher, an author, a missionary, a mother of five, and a leader of the Girl Scouts of the USA.
 She was an English professor at Texas Tech University in Lubbock when she proclaimed her call to pastoral ministry, and became the first woman appointed superintendent in the Northwest Texas Conference of the United Methodist Church.
 She served from 1989 to 1993 as superintendent of the Pampa district and in the administrative role of dean of the bishop's cabinet.
Alberto M. Carvalho is an educator and the superintendent of Miami-Dade County Public Schools (M-DCPS), the fourth-largest school district in the United States, with over 346,000 students and 52,000 employees.
 He was appointed superintendent in September 2008.
James W. Naughton (1840–1898) was an American architect, serving as the Superintendent of Buildings for the Board of Education of the City of Brooklyn.
 He was born in Ireland and immigrated to the United States in 1848, at age eight.
 He worked as an apprentice in the office of J & A Douglas in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
 He entered the University of Wisconsin to study architecture in 1859.
 He returned to Brooklyn, New York in 1861 and continued his studies at the Cooper Union.
 He served as Superintendent of Buildings for the City of Brooklyn from 1874 to 1876.
 In 1879, he was appointed Superintendent of Buildings for the Board of Education of the City of Brooklyn, a position he held until his death in 1898.
 During this period he designed all the school buildings in the city of Brooklyn.
William Bradley "Brad" Bryant was appointed superintendent of public schools for the U.S. state of Georgia by Gov. Sonny Perdue in 2010, filling the vacancy left by the resignation of Kathy Cox.
 He considered a bid to run for superintendent as an independent in the 2010 election (filing for partisan primaries having passed before his appointment), but he failed to collect enough valid petition signatures to win a place on the general election ballot.
Sir John Ernest Buttery Hotson, KCSI, OBE, VD (17 March 1877 – 13 May 1944) was an administrator in India during the British Raj.
 Born in Glasgow to Hamilton and Margaret (Maggie) Hotson, he was educated at Edinburgh Academy (1889–1895) and Magdalen College, Oxford, graduating BA in 1899, and MA (1905).
 He immediately joined the Indian Civil Service, being appointed Superintendent of Managed Estates in Kathiawar.
 His entire career was devoted to the administration of the province known as the Bombay Presidency.
 Subsequent positions included Under-Secretary to the Government of Bombay (Political and Judicial Departments), 1907; Collector, 1920; Secretary of the Political Department, 1922; Chief Secretary to the Government, 1924; Member of the Executive Council (MEC) of Bombay, 1926–31; and rising to become Home Member and Acting Governor of Bombay, 1931.
 He was appointed OBE on 3 June 1918, Companion of the Most Exalted Order of the Star of India (CSI) in the New Year Honours, 1926, and elevated to Knight Commander (KCSI) in 1930.
