Hate Story 2 is a 2014 Indian erotic thriller film directed by Vishal Pandya.
 Produced by T-Series Films, it stars Sushant Singh, Surveen Chawla and Jay Bhanushali in pivotal roles.
 It is the sequel to the 2012 sleeper hit "Hate Story" starring Nikhil Dwivedi, Gulshan Devaiya and Paoli Dam.
 The film released on 18 July 2014.
 It is the second installment of "Hate Story film series".
Hate Story is a 2012 Indian erotic thriller film directed by Vivek Agnihotri and produced by Vikram Bhatt.
 It stars Nikhil Dwivedi, Gulshan Devaiya and Paoli Dam in lead roles and the film was released on 20 April 2012.
 As the first installment in the "Hate Story film series" the film was a commercial and critical success.
 The premise of the film chronicles a woman and her struggle to fight against the man that betrayed her.
Surveen Chawla is an Indian film actress and dancer who works in Indian cinemas.
 She started her career through the television soap operas in the earlier days and ended up in appearing in the films.
 She is known for her portrayals in the movies and serials like "Hate Story 2" (2014), "Ugly" (2013), Parched (2015) and "24 (season 2)" (2016) etc. along with many others.
Vishal Pandya is an Indian film director and screenwriter, who has directed THREE Love Lies Betrayal, Hate Story 2, Hate Story 3 and Wajah Tum Ho under the production house of T-Series
Hate Story 4 is an upcoming Hindi language film directed by Vishal Pandya.
 It stars Karan Wahi, Urvashi Rautela, Amika Shail and Ihana Dhillon.
 This is the fourth installment of "Hate Story series".
Madhuri Banerjee (born 9 August 1975) is an Indian author, columnist and screenwriter.
 Her debut novel "Losing My Virginity And Other Dumb Ideas" sold over 40,000 copies.
 She is also the writer of the successful Bollywood film, "Hate Story 2".
 She has also worked with actress Karishma Kapoor on a non-fiction book called "The Yummy Mummy Guide".
Neetu Singh (born 25 November 1990) is a model and Punjabi actress.
 She came to the showbiz spotlight when she won Miss PTC Punjabi in 2008.
 Soon after she came in a famous music video "Call Jalandhar Ton" by Harbhajan Maan.
 She debuted in Dil Tainu Karda Ae Pyaar with Gulzar Inder Chahal in 2012.
 Her latest movie Saadi Love Story was released in January 2013.
 In addition to that she also appeared in the Bollywood heist film Special 26 released in February 2013.
True Love Story (トゥルー・ラブストーリー ) is a series of four dating sims (as distinct from the similar but unrelated title "True Love").
 "True Love Story" and "True Love Story 2" were released by ASCII for the PlayStation. "
True Love Story 3" and "" were released by Enterbrain for the PlayStation 2.
Saadi Love Story is a Punjabi film starring Amrinder Gill, Diljit Dosanjh, Surveen Chawla and Neetu Singh.
 Jimmy Shergill is the co-producer and Dheeraj Rattan is the director as well as the screenplay writer.
 This is Dheeraj Rattan's debut movie as a director.
Hate Story 3 is a 2015 Indian erotic thriller film directed by Vishal Pandya.
 Produced by T-Series, it stars Karan Singh Grover, Sharman Joshi, Zareen Khan and Daisy Shah in lead roles, and Priyanshu Chatterjee in a pivotal role.
 Written by Vikram Bhatt and Madhuri Banerji, the film belongs to the "Hate Story (film series)".
 The film was released on 4 December 2015.
