The Market towns of Østfold and Akershus counties (Norwegian: "Kjøpstedene i Østfold og Akershus fylker" ) was an electoral district for parliamentary elections in Norway.
 It comprised the market towns (Norwegian: "kjøpsteder" ) of Fredrikstad, Halden (until 1928 named Fredrikshald), Moss and Sarpsborg in Østfold county and Drøbak in Akershus county.
The Division of McMillan is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria.
 It is located in the western part of the Gippsland region, which extends for the length of Victoria's eastern Bass Strait coastline.
 It includes the outer south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Pakenham, and also includes the towns of Warragul, Moe, Wonthaggi, Leongatha and Foster.
 It stretches from Mount Baw Baw and the Baw Baw National Park in the north to Wilsons Promontory, and the Wilsons Promontory National Park in the south.
 It is the southernmost Electoral Division in continental Australia.
James Tully Beatty (born October 28, 1934 in New York, New York) is a former American track and field athlete who is best remembered as the first person to break the four-minute mile barrier on an indoor track when he ran 3:58.9 on February 10, 1962 at the Los Angeles Invitational in the Los Angeles Sports Arena in Los Angeles, California.
A district electoral division (DED; Irish: "Toghroinn ceantair" ) is a former name given to a low-level territorial division in Ireland.
 In 1994, both district electoral divisions and wards (the equivalent of district electoral divisions within the five county boroughs) were renamed as electoral divisions (the boundaries and names of the DEDs and wards themselves remained unchanged).
 In the Republic of Ireland, DEDs are the smallest legally defined administrative areas in the state for which small area population statistics (SAPS) are published from the Census.
 In the European Union, Local administrative units (LAUs) are basic components of Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS) regions.
 For each EU member country, two levels of Local Administrative Units (LAU) are defined: LAU-1 and LAU-2, which were previously called NUTS-4 and NUTS-5 respectively, until the NUTS regulation went into force in July 2003.
 The District electoral division is at the level of LAU-2.
 There are a total of 3,440 electoral divisions within the Republic of Ireland.
Penparcau is a village and an electoral division in Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, Wales, constituting the south side of Aberystwyth.
 Aberystwyth-Penparcau is the largest electoral division in Ceredigion and elects two county councillors.
 It is also the 3rd most populated division in Ceredigion (3,122 Census 2011) after Aberystwyth and Cardigan.
 Penparcau is also the name of the village which covers a portion of the electoral division alongside Southgate and Caeffynnon.
Bradgate Electoral Division is a County Council electoral division in Leicestershire, England, taking its name from Bradgate Park which is at the centre of the division.
 It includes the villages of Anstey, Cropston, Thurcaston, Newtown Linford, Ulverscroft, Swithland, Woodhouse and Woodhouse Eaves, and is currently represented by David Snartt.
The Electoral (Amendment) Act 1974 (No. 7/1974) was a law in Ireland which provided for parliamentary constituencies for the 21st Dáil Éireann.
 It was a review of parliamentary constituencies passed in Ireland by the governing Fine Gael–Labour Party National Coalition.
 It was intended to secure their re-election, but instead backfired disastrously resulting in a landslide victory for their main opponents in Fianna Fáil.
 Consequently, the word "Tullymander" – combining the name of the minister James Tully with the word "gerrymander" – was coined.
The Division of Curtin is an Australian Electoral Division in Western Australia.
 The division was created in 1949 and is named for John Curtin, who was Prime Minister of Australia 1941-45.
 Before 1949, much of this area was part of the Division of Fremantle, which Curtin represented for most of the time from 1928 to 1945.
 It is located in the wealthy beachside suburbs of Perth, including Claremont, Cottesloe, Mosman Park, Nedlands, Subiaco and Swanbourne.
Albert Lane (1873 – 29 December 1950) was an Australian politician.
 He was born in Windsor, New South Wales, and studied at public schools.
 He became an accountant and business manager.
 In 1917 he contested the federal election as the unsuccessful Nationalist candidate for the safe Labor seat of Dalley.
 In 1922 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as one of four members for the seat of Balmain, representing the Nationalist Party of Australia.
 The seat was abolished in 1927.
 Lane contested the 1931 federal election as the United Australia Party candidate for Barton, creating history by defeating both the incumbent member for Barton, James Tully, and the member for Martin, John Eldridge, who, as a member of the Lang Labor breakaway party, was attempting to transfer to Barton.
 Lane held the seat until 1940, when he was defeated by future Labor leader H. V. Evatt.
 He died in 1950.
The Division of Maribyrnong is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria.
 It is located in the inner north-western suburbs of Melbourne.
 It covers the suburbs of Aberfeldie, Airport West, Avondale Heights, Braybrook, Essendon, Kealba, Keilor East, Maribyrnong, Moonee Ponds, Niddrie, St. Albans and Sunshine North.
 Due to redistributions, the division has been slowly moving west.
 It originally covered the suburbs of Footscray and North Melbourne.
 According to the 2011 census, Maribyrnong has the highest proportion of Catholics in any Commonwealth Electoral Division in Australia with 41.6% of the population.
