The Goshogawara Tachineputa Festival (五所川原立佞武多祭り , Goshogawara Tachineputa Matsuri ) is a Japanese summer festival which takes place every August in Goshogawara, Aomori Prefecture, Japan.
 It is known as one of the four largest festivals in the Tsugaru region of Japan, along with the Aomori Nebuta Festival, the Hirosaki Neputa Festival, and the Kuroishi Yosare Festival.
 The Goshogawara Tachineputa Festival is notable for its large tachineputa floats, which are much taller than those found in the Aomori and Hirosaki Festivals.
 The tachineputa floats stand at 23 meters in height and weigh 19 tons.
 The start of the festival is marked with a fireworks show on August 3, with the parade beginning on August 4 and continuing through August 8th.
All That Music and More Festival was a summer festival promotional tour for All That, during June 1999 – August 1999.
 It was hosted by the season 6 cast of All That, and features musical guest, mostly the ones that were on All That.
 During every tour location, The cast have performed live sketchs on stage.
 It was also the first Music Festival for kids.
 It was headlined by the group 98 Degrees.
 The tour happened for a second time during the summer of 2000 and was hosted by Kenan Thompson and Nick Cannon.
 It was headlined by the group LFO and ended on September 3, 2000.
Pic.Nic is a music festival held annually in "'Israel Trade Fairs & Convention Center" in Tel Aviv, Israel.
 The festival is produced by Shuki Weiss Promotion & Production Ltd. and holds as the biggest summer festival in Tel Aviv.
 Pic.Nic's slogan "A basket Of Music" refers to the variety of music styles that are presented in the festival's lineup, from pop to rock to electronic themes.
The annual Tokyo Summer Festival, organized by the Arion-Edo Foundation in cooperation with Asahi Shimbun, has been thought up in 1985 by Kyoko Edo (pianist), Maki Ishii (composer) and Tashi Funayama (musicologist), who joined hands to plan a truly international music festival in Tokyo at a time when there was no such event in Japan.
 This epoch-making festival is the first in Japan planned and directed by professional musicians.
 The festival takes place under a different theme each year and invites outstanding artists from all around the world in order to let the public discover various styles of music, from classical to world music.
 Many of the participating artists perform for the 1st time in Japan.
The Dubrovnik Summer Festival (Croatian: "Dubrovačke ljetne igre" ; ] is an annually-held summer festival instituted in 1950 in Dubrovnik, Croatia.
 It is held every year between 10 July and 25 August.
The annual Van Buren Popcorn Festival is held each August (it is usually the 1st or 2nd full Thurs, Fri and Sat of August) in Van Buren, Indiana in celebration of the central role of popcorn in the town's identity.
 As with many small town festivals, Van Buren's focuses on a theme that has meaning to the community.
 First held in 1973 (the 2006 celebration was the 34th Annual Festival), the Popcorn Festival has become a homecoming event to many "expatriate" residents of this small community.
 Enthusiastic festival goers find a blend of small town charm, yet a summer festival that is big enough to be interesting year after year.
The iPod click wheel is the navigation component of several iPod models.
 It uses a combination of touch technology and traditional buttons, involving the technology of capacitive sensing, which senses the capacitance of the user's fingers.
 The wheel allows a user to find music, videos, photos and play games on the device.
 The wheel is flush on the face of the iPod and is located below the screen.
Snoop Star was a metasearch engine for filesharing networks, with which one could find music and video files in different file sharing networks and download simultaneously.
The Saskatchewan Festival of Words Inc. is a registered non-profit organization based in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan.
 Established in 1996, it promotes literacy and celebrates in various forms the imaginative use of words, written or oral, by Canadians.
 The organization operates on a year-round basis offering literacy and literary programming with an annual four-day summer festival held the third week of July in Moose Jaw.
 The 18th edition of the summer festival takes place July 17-20, 2014.
Weekend Festival is a music festival taking place in Helsinki, Pärnu and Sweden.
 The festival was organised for the first time in Luukki, Espoo (about 25 km from the centre of Helsinki), Finland on the 17 and 18 of August 2012.
 In 2013 the festival location was changed to its current location at Kyläsaari/Kalasatama in Helsinki.
 Weekend Festival artist line up has mainly consisted of EDM artists but there have also been artists from other music genres present.
 The festival has been attended by more than 40,000 people on both years.
 Every year the festival has a different theme which reflects mainly in the visual side of the festival.
 In 2013 the festival theme was Space and Future while for 2014 the organisers decided to go with Electro Disco theme.
 The festival lineup has featured various internationally acclaimed artists including Skrillex, David Guetta, Calvin Harris etc. and Finland's own popular artists.
 Weekend Festival has sold out in advance on both years.
 In 2013 Weekend Festival was voted as the best summer festival by the listeners of Finnish radio station YleX.
 In 2015, Weekend Festival expanded to Pärnu, Estonia and in 2016 to Sweden
