The Catholic Church in Brazil comprises forty-four ecclesiastical provinces each headed by a Metropolitan archbishop.
 The provinces are in turn subdivided into 215 dioceses (including 4 eparchies), 45 archdioceses and 12 territorial prelatures, each headed by a bishop or an archbishop.
 These 272 divisions make the largest number of Catholic dioceses in any country.
The middle office comprises departments of a financial services company that manage position-keeping (i.e. control representation of transactions within transaction-registering system of a company).
 These divisions make sure these transaction representations properly capture profit flows given the technological resources.
 The middle office is usually part of operations and finance divisions including product control, which normally is also in charge of settlement.
 It draws on the resources of both the front and the back offices. Due to their critical role, the middle office always acts in tandem with the front office work on open markets.
 Broadly speaking, middle office includes roles that affect either side (invest, finance, hedge, insure) of the balance sheet of the business.
Hancock Prospecting is an Australian mineral exploration and extraction privately owned company that holds the rights to some of the largest land leases in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, containing the world's largest iron ore deposit.
 Established in 1955, the company is chaired by Gina Rinehart, estimated to be the wealthiest person in Australia, and the daughter of the company's founder, the late Lang Hancock.
Jean Coutu, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born May 29, 1927) is a Canadian pharmacist and businessman.
 He is the founder and Chairman of the Jean Coutu Group which he started in 1969.
 With an estimated net worth of $US 1.6 billion (as of March 2012), Coutu was ranked by "Forbes" as the 22nd wealthiest Canadian and 938th wealthiest person in the world.
Iris Balbina Fontbona González (born 1942/1943) is a Chilean billionaire businesswoman, the widow of Andrónico Luksic Abaroa, from inheriting Antofagasta PLC.
 She is the wealthiest person in Chile, one of the fifth wealthiest in Latin America, and the 101st wealthiest person in the world.
Inna Gudavadze is a Georgian businesswoman and philanthropist and the widow of Badri Patarkatsishvili.
 In 2017 the Sunday Times estimated her wealth at £650m making her the 196th wealthiest person in the UK.
 She has two daughters, Liana Zhmotova and Iya Patarkatsishvili.
 The death of her husband sparked one of the biggest estate battles ever that forced Inna and her family to fight for their interests in the courts against several of Badri's former business associates.
 Inna now has extensive business and property interests in Georgia and across the rest of the world.
Warren Edward Buffett ( ; born August 30, 1930) is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist.
 Buffett serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Berkshire Hathaway.
 He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world, and as of August 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States, and the fourth wealthiest in the world, with a total net worth of $76.9 billion.
Paul Desmarais Sr., {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (January 4, 1927 – October 8, 2013) was a Canadian financier and philanthropist, based in Montreal.
 With an estimated family net worth of US$ 4.5 billion (as of March 2011), Desmarais was ranked by "Forbes" as the fourth wealthiest person in Canada and 235th in the world in 2013.
 He was chairman and chief executive officer of Power Corporation of Canada until 1996 when he passed the reins of management of Power Corporation to his sons, Paul Jr. and André.
 He then continued to serve as a director and as chairman of the executive committee of the board, and remained the controlling shareholder.
 Power Corporation of Canada is a diversified international management and holding company with interests in companies in the financial services, renewable energy, communications and other business sectors.
Nagpur Division is one of six administrative divisions of Maharashtra State in India.
 Nagpur is the most eastern division in the state, with an administrative headquarters in the city of Nagpur.
 It covers 51,336 km² (19,821 mi²).
 The Amravati and Nagpur divisions make up the region of Vidarbha.
Richard Marvin DeVos Sr. (born March 4, 1926) is an American businessman, co-founder of Amway along with Jay Van Andel (company restructured as Alticor in 2000), and owner of the Orlando Magic NBA basketball team.
 In 2012, "Forbes" magazine listed him as the 60th wealthiest person in the United States, and the 205th richest in the world, with an estimated net worth of $5.1 billion.
 At one point, he was one of the 10 wealthiest Americans.
