MotorCity Casino Hotel is a casino and hotel in Detroit, Michigan.
 It is one of three casino hotels in the city, and one of four in the Detroit–Windsor area.
 The $825 million complex incorporates a historic building that once housed the Wagner Baking Company, makers of Wonder Bread.
 The complex houses a 100,000 square-foot casino with approximately 2,800 slot machines, 59 table games, and two poker rooms; a 13,000-square-foot spa; 67,000 square feet of meeting and convention space; Sound Board, a live music theater with a capacity of 2,400 people; and a luxury hotel with 400 guest rooms and suites.
The Venetian Macao () is a luxury hotel and casino resort in Macau owned by the American Las Vegas Sands company.
 The Venetian is a 39-story, casino hotel on the Cotai Strip in Macau.
 The 10500000 sqft Venetian Macao is modeled on its sister casino resort The Venetian Las Vegas, and is the seventh-largest building in the world by floor area.
 The Venetian Macao is also the largest casino in the world, and the largest single structure hotel building in Asia.
Resorts International was a hotel and casino company.
 From its origins as a paint company, it moved into the resort business in the 1960s with the development of Paradise Island in the Bahamas, and then expanded to Atlantic City, New Jersey with the opening of Resorts Casino Hotel in 1978.
 After the death of its longtime chairman, James Crosby, in 1986, the company was briefly controlled by Donald Trump, before being acquired by Merv Griffin in 1988.
 It was acquired by Sun International in 1996.
The Hotel Casino Carrasco is a historic hotel and casino in Carrasco of Montevideo, Uruguay.
 It currently operates as the Hotel Sofitel Montevideo Casino Carrasco and Spa.
Argent Corporation was a company in Las Vegas that at one time controlled the Hacienda Hotel/Casino, the Stardust Resort & Casino, the Fremont Hotel and Casino and the casino in the Marina Hotel.
 The company was owned by Allen Glick, a San Diego real estate investor.
 The name Argent came from the three initials of his name, combined with the first three letters of the word "Enterprises".
 However, state and local officials in Nevada believed that the casinos were controlled by organized crime families in the Mid-West and that a huge skimming operation was conducted within the casinos.
The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino is a five-diamond luxury hotel and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States, on the site of the old Sands Hotel.
 Designed by KlingStubbins, the hotel tower contains 36 stories and rises 475 ft .
 The Venetian is owned and operated by Las Vegas Sands.
 The Venetian also serves as the seat of the corporate headquarters for its parent company.
Trump Entertainment Resorts, Inc. was a gaming and hospitality company that owned and operated the now shuttered Trump Taj Mahal hotel and casino, as well as the now shuttered Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino and the Trump Marina located in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.
 Formerly known as Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts, it was founded in 1995 by Donald Trump, now 45th President of the United States, who has not had any formal role in the company since 2011, if not earlier.
 The company filed for bankruptcy in 2004, 2009 and 2014.
 It has been a subsidiary of Icahn Enterprises since 2016.
Suncoast is a hotel and casino located in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 It is owned and operated by Boyd Gaming.
 The hotel, located on a 50 acre site, contains 432 rooms and has an 82000 sqft casino (with over 2000 slot machines) as well as a Century group movie theatre, bowling alley and conference room / meeting space.
The Camelot Hotel/Casino was a proposed hotel and casino that was to be built in the early 1980s in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
 The site of the proposed project was located in the marina district, adjacent to Harrahs Resort, and was to consist of 990 hotel rooms and a 60,000 sq ft casino.
 Entertainer Merv Griffin was appointed as entertainment director of the company and planned to broadcast his television show from the hotel.
 However, because of financial, political and legal difficulties, construction of the hotel/casino was never completed and a casino license was never issued.
Corey Sanders has served as Chief Operating Officer of MGM Resorts International since June 2010.
 He oversees operations at the Company’s wholly owned properties, which in Nevada include Bellagio (resort), MGM Grand Las Vegas, Mandalay Bay, The Mirage, New York-New York Hotel and Casino, Monte Carlo Resort and Casino, Luxor Las Vegas, Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Circus Circus Las Vegas, Circus Circus Reno, Gold Strike Jean and Railroad Pass Casino.
 He also oversees Beau Rivage (Mississippi) in Biloxi and Gold Strike Tunica, both in Mississippi, as well as MGM Grand Detroit.
