Avalanche is the first solo album by Canadian artist Matthew Good.
 Released in 2003, the album marked a creative departure from his earlier work with the Matthew Good Band, and featured accompaniment by the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra on several tracks.
Matthew Frederick Robert Good (born June 29, 1971) is a Canadian rock musician.
 He was the lead singer and songwriter for the Matthew Good Band, one of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the 1990s, before dissolving the band in 2002.
 In the years since the Matthew Good Band's disbanding, Good has pursued a solo career and established himself as a political and mental health activist.
Raygun was a five-song EP released by the Matthew Good Band in 1997 as a followup to their enormously popular indie release, Last of the Ghetto Astronauts.
 Distributed by A&M Records on Matthew Good's own imprint, Darktown, it was the first MGB album to include guitarist Dave Genn as a member of the band proper.
 The EP includes a newly recorded version of "Haven't Slept In Years"; it is not the original version found on Last of the Ghetto Astronauts.
Yes to Everything is a 2005 album by Canadian alternative rock band 54-40.
 This was the first 54-40 album recorded with the band's new guitarist, Dave Genn (former guitarist of Matthew Good Band).
 The album was recorded at the Warehouse Studio in Vancouver using former Midnight Oil and Matthew Good producer Warne Livesey.
"Weapon" is a song by Canadian alternative rock artist Matthew Good.
 It was the first song released by Good as a solo artist after the break-up of Matthew Good Band.
 The song was released in October 2002 as the lead single from his debut solo album, "Avalanche".
 The song peaked at No. 4 on Canada's Nielsen rock chart.
Ian Browne (born November 12, 1973 ) is a Canadian-born musician and composer, known currently as being a member of Vancouver-based rock and roll band The Prettys.
 He was formerly with psych-blues band No Sinner, and before that notably as a member of multi-platinum-selling 90's Canadian rock group the Matthew Good Band.
 Browne plays drums and performs backup vocals on The Prettys' upcoming second LP "Soirée".
 He also played on No Sinner's debut EP "Boo Hoo Hoo", and played drums and produced tracks on their 2016 LP "Old Habits Die Hard".
 He can also be heard on the Matthew Good Band albums "Last of the Ghetto Astronauts", "Raygun", "Underdogs", "Lo-Fi B-Sides", "Beautiful Midnight", "Loser Anthems", "Audio of Being", and the greatest hits compilation "In a Coma".
In a Coma: 1995-2005 is the title of the Matthew Good "best of" album, featuring both his solo work and work from the Matthew Good Band.
This is a comprehensive discography for the solo works of Matthew Good, a Canadian singer-songwriter from Vancouver, British Columbia; see also Matthew Good Band discography.
Matthew Good Band was a Canadian alternative rock band formed by Matthew Good that existed from 1995 to 2002.
 The band consisted of Good (vocals, guitar), Dave Genn (lead guitar/keyboard), Ian Browne (drums) and Geoff Lloyd (bass) from 1995 to 1999 (replaced by Rich Priske from 1999 to 2001).
 The band would become one of Canada's most successful rock bands of the late 1990s and early 2000s, being nominated for 14 Juno Awards and winning the awards for "Best Group" and "Best Rock Album" ("Beautiful Midnight") in 2000.
 The band dissolved in 2002.
 Good has since pursued a successful solo career, while Genn joined the Canadian rock group 54-40 in 2005.
 Geoff Lloyd died in January 2010.
Rich "Rock" Priske (born August 29, 1967) is a Canadian musician born in Vancouver, British Columbia.
 He has long been active in the BC music scene, and has played bass and/or written songs for Art Bergmann, DSK, ShoCore, Chrome Dog, Bif Naked and Real McKenzies, and others.
 Priske is most widely known for playing bass guitar and keyboards in the Canadian band Matthew Good Band.
 After the band's dissolution in 2002, he kept playing with Matthew Good until the end of the In a Coma tour in the Fall of 2005.
 Rich is one of the subjects of the Real McKenzies biography written by Chris Walter (GFY Press).
