The Duke University Alma Mater, also known as "Dear Old Duke," is the official alma mater of Duke University in Durham, North Carolina.
Needles High School (NHS) is a public high school in Needles, California.
 It is part of the Needles Unified School District.
 The school nickname is the Mustang, and the school colors are royal blue and white.
 The current alma mater, "All Hail to Thee," was written by members of the Class of 1959 as their gift to NHS as outgoing seniors.
 The school offers many extracurricular activities, including athletics, ASB (Associated Student Body), the Mock National Security Workshop, among others.
 Needles High School was featured on a School Pride television episode November 12, 2010.
 Needles High is one of five California high schools that is part of the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association.
The Georgetown University Alma Mater is one of the traditional songs of Georgetown University, and the university's official and undisputed alma mater.
 It was written to the tune of the Welsh battle song "Men of Harlech" in 1894 by Robert J. Collier, a Georgetown student.
 The song is performed by the university orchestra and occasionally other groups at various school events, including commencements and athletic games.
The "LSU Alma Mater" was written in 1929 by Lloyd Funchess and Harris Downey, two students who developed the original song and music because LSU's first alma mater was sung to the tune of "Far Above Cayuga's Waters" and was used by Cornell University.
 The band plays the "Alma Mater" during pregame and at the end of each home football game.
 Also, members of the band join arm-in-arm at the end of rehearsals on Saturday game days and sing the "Alma Mater" before leaving the practice facility.
The alma mater of the University of Pittsburgh was adopted soon after the University changed its name in 1908 from the Western University of Pennsylvania to its current moniker.
 Lyrics were written by George M. P. Baird, class of 1909 and were set to the tune of what was then the Austrian National Anthem (adopted as the German National Anthem in 1922).
 A new tune for the "Alma Mater" hymn was composed by Charles W. Scovel, class of 1883, but it was not widely adopted and was either lost or became obscure.
Alma Mater Iowa is the alma mater hymn for the University of Iowa.
 The lyrics were written by Gene Mills - a graduate of the university's College of Engineering in 1947 and the melody of the song was composed in 1960
The "Alma Mater" is the official school song of Dartmouth College, an Ivy League university located in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States.
 Composed by Harry Wellman, class of 1907, it was officially adopted by the College in 1926.
 The difficult to sing "Dartmouth Undying" replaced it in the fall of 1972, but the Alma Mater was restored as the official song in early 1973.
 Richard Hovey of the class of 1885 wrote the original lyrics in 1894, titling the song "Men of Dartmouth".
 Traditionally the original second verse was only sung during time of war.
 On May 28, 1988, Dartmouth changed the title and words to reflect the presence of women as part of the College, since Dartmouth had become coeducational in 1972.
 Nicole Sakowitz, Dartmouth Glee Club President was the first person to conduct the new Alma Mater.
"Our Alma Mater" is the alma mater of The College of William & Mary.
 It was written by James Southall Wilson, a William & Mary alumnus from the class of 1904.
 Usually, only the first and fourth verses are sung.
Boroujerdi great Shia mujtahids, born in Boroujerd after the degrees, in the same city to pay religious teaching and office, And died in 1892.
 There is not a lot of time and his alma mater, and just the fact that he (Mohammad Mujahid) and (Sayyid Abul Skinheads) course studied, There is not a lot of time and his alma mater, and just the fact that he (Sayyid Mohammad Mujahid) and (Sayyid Abolghasem nahavandi) studied, Khansari and Aqa Bozorg Tehrani also achieved his apprenticeship he (Mirza) Qomi pointed and all authors and accuracy of his knowledge of jurisprudence and the principles stipulated in the discussions have.
The "UNH Alma Mater" is the official alma mater of the University of New Hampshire in Durham, New Hampshire.
 The lyrics to the song were written by H.F. Moore in 1898, and sung to the tune "Lancashire" by Henry Smart.
