The 2001 MTV Movie Awards were held on June 2, 2001, and were hosted by Jimmy Fallon and Kirsten Dunst.
 The program featured performances from Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mýa and Pink ("Moulin Rouge!
"), Dave Matthews Band and Weezer.
 Sofia Coppola was presented with an award for Best New Filmmaker.
 This was Aaliyah's last appearance at the Movie Awards before her death two months later in a plane crash in the Bahamas.
Mona Lisa Smile is a 2003 American drama film produced by Revolution Studios and Columbia Pictures in association with Red Om Films Productions, directed by Mike Newell, written by Lawrence Konner and Mark Rosenthal, and starring Julia Roberts , Kirsten Dunst, Julia Stiles and Maggie Gyllenhaal.
 The title is a reference to the "Mona Lisa", the famous painting by Leonardo da Vinci, and the song of the same name, originally performed by Nat King Cole, which was covered by Seal for the movie.
 Julia Roberts received a record $25 million for her performance, the highest ever earned by an actress at that time.
Peggy Blumquist is a fictional character in the second season of the FX television series "Fargo" and is portrayed by Kirsten Dunst.
 Dunst received widespread critical acclaim for her performance, which was widely lauded as one of the best performances of 2015.
 She won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Movie/Miniseries, and was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film and Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie.
Kaena: The Prophecy (French: "Kaena: La prophétie") is a 2003 French-Canadian computer-generated fantasy movie.
 The United States release of the film is distributed by Destination Films and features the voices of Kirsten Dunst, Richard Harris (in his last role before his death), Anjelica Huston, Keith David and Ciara Janson.
Gasoline Rainbows is a compilation album made by Sophia Bush and Austin Nichols (Stars of the Hit CW Network Show One Tree Hill) to benefit the Gulf Coast of the United States from the 2010 BP Oil Spill.
 The title track Gasoline Rainbows is written and performed by Amy Kuney.
Julian Andrew Baker (born Julian Andrew Norris) is a fictional character on the CW television series "One Tree Hill", portrayed by Austin Nichols.
 Julian is a film producer who arrived in Tree Hill to create a film adaption of Lucas Scott's novel, who was unaware of Julian's history with Peyton Sawyer.
 Although many believed he posed a threat to Lucas and Peyton's relationship, he eventually revealed an interest in Peyton's best friend, Brooke Davis.
 When the movie fell through, he left for Los Angeles, but Brooke accepted her feelings for him and followed after him to Los Angeles.
 Deciding to let him into her life, the two reunited.
 The two then embarked on a long-distance relationship while he made a new movie, but they eventually reunited in Tree Hill, and got engaged.
 The couple was later married, and have twin sons, Davis and Jude Baker.
Crazy/Beautiful (stylized as "crazy/beautiful") is a 2001 romantic drama film starring Kirsten Dunst and Jay Hernandez.
 It is largely set at Palisades Charter High School and the surrounding area, including Downtown Los Angeles, Pacific Palisades, Malibu (where Dunst's character lives), and East Los Angeles (where Hernandez's character lives).
Midnight Special is a 2016 American science fiction film written and directed by Jeff Nichols, and produced by Sarah Green and Brian Kavanaugh-Jones.
 The film stars Michael Shannon, Joel Edgerton, Kirsten Dunst, Adam Driver, Jaeden Lieberher and Sam Shepard.
 It is Nichols' fourth full-length film and his first studio production.
 It was selected to compete for the Golden Bear at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival.
The Devil's Arithmetic is a 1999 TV movie based on the historical novel of the same name by Jane Yolen.
 It stars Kirsten Dunst as Hannah Stern and costars Brittany Murphy, Louise Fletcher, and Mimi Rogers.
 Dustin Hoffman introduces the film but is uncredited and serves as an executive producer with Mimi Rogers.
Fifteen and Pregnant is a 1998 American made-for-television drama starring Kirsten Dunst, Park Overall and David Andrews.
 Based on a true story, Dunst portrays a 15-year-old pregnant girl.
