Leobardo López García (September 4, 1983) is a Mexican football defender.
 He currently plays for Celaya in Mexico.
Luis Ángel García Flores (born February 11, 1984) is a Mexican football midfielder.
 He currently plays for Club Tijuana, in the Primera División de México.
José Daniel García Rodríguez (born January 27, 1986) is a Mexican football defender.
 He currently plays for Atlante F.C. in the Primera División de México.
Jesús Daniel García Esparza (born August 7, 1994 in Navolato, Sinaloa) is a professional Mexican footballer who currently plays for Cruz Azul.
Colibríes is a Mexican football team.
 They are nicknamed Los Colibríes (Hummingbird).
 The club was founded in 2002 when the state of Morelos bought the Atlético Celaya franchise who at the time played in the top Mexican division.
 Colibris was the fifth professional club in the state of Morelos to play in the Primera División de México, Zacatepec being the first in 1948, followed by Marte, who moved from México City to Cuernavaca in 1953, Cuautla in 1955 and Oaxtepec in 1982.
 The club played only six months in the top league before been relegated in 2003.
 That same year the club was sold to Tijuana where it became Trotamundos Tijuana.
 The club currently plays in the Tercera División de México.
 The state was also represented by Club Universidad Nacional inferior squad Pumas Morelos up until 2014.
Jesús Daniel Gallardo Vasconcelos (born August 15, 1994 in Cárdenas, Tabasco) is a professional Mexican footballer who currently plays for UNAM.
Club Social y Deportivo Dorados de Sinaloa, or simply Dorados, is a Mexican professional football club based in the city of Culiacán.
 The club plays its home games in Culiacán, Sinaloa, in the northwest of Mexico.
 Dorados was the youngest franchise to play in the Primera División de México, having joined the division for the first time for the "Apertura 2004" tournament, when Dorados was only one year old.
 Dorados currently plays in Ascenso MX, the second tier of Mexican football.
Omar Alejandro Esparza Morales (born May 21, 1988 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican football player who plays as a Right Back.
Armando Navarrete García (born 22 November 1980 in Jacona, Michoacán) is a professional Mexican football goalkeeper who currently plays for Venados.
Esteban Jesús Daniel García (born 20 April 1984 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Deportivo Español.
