Mary Elizabeth Ellis (born May 11, 1979) is an American actress.
 She is best known for her role as The Waitress on the FX sitcom "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia".
 She has also starred in the NBC sitcom "Perfect Couples" and the Fox sitcom "The Grinder".
 She also starred as Nick's ex-girlfriend in the series "New Girl".
Corpus: A Home Movie about Selena (1998) is a film by filmmaker, Lourdes Portillo about Mexican American singer-songwriter Selena Quintanilla-Pérez.
 It places emphasis on the transformation of Selena from a popular entertainer into a modern-day saint and role model.
 This documentary uses authentic home videos, news stories, footage from concerts and a debate between intellectuals to analyze the effect of Selena and Selena’s murder at the hands of Yolanda Saldivar, the president of her fan club.
Selena Quintanilla-Pérez (April 16, 1971 – March 31, 1995) was an American Tejano singer, songwriter, spokesperson, actress and fashion designer.
 She was born in Lake Jackson, Texas, 54 miles south of Houston, and her family moved to Corpus Christi after declaring bankruptcy.
 Her father, a musician before her birth, formed his children into Selena y Los Dinos (with A.B. Quintanilla on bass, Suzette Quintanilla on drums and Selena singing) when he discovered her musical talent.
 Selena received the Tejano Music Award for Female Vocalist of the Year for nine consecutive years, beginning in 1987.
 She signed her first major contract with EMI Latin in 1989, releasing four Spanish-language albums which were milestones in the Latin music industry.
 EMI Latin then wanted her to release a crossover album, transitioning from Spanish- to English-language pop songs.
 On March 31, 1995, Selena was shot and killed by Yolanda Saldivar, her friend and the former manager of her boutiques.
 Reaction to her death was compared to the grief following the deaths of musicians John Lennon and Elvis Presley and U.S. president John F. Kennedy.
Constance Marie Lopez (born September 9, 1965) known professionally as Constance Marie, is an American actress.
 She is known for her role as Angie Lopez on "George Lopez" (2002–2007) and her role as Marcela Quintanilla (mother of Selena) in the 1997 film "Selena".
 She portrayed Regina Vasquez on the ABC Family/Freeform drama "Switched at Birth" (2011–2017).
Guadalupe "Lupe" Ontiveros ("née" Moreno; September 17, 1942 – July 26, 2012) was an American actress best known for portraying Yolanda Saldívar in the film "Selena".
 She acted in numerous films and television shows, often playing a maid or, near the end of her career, an all-knowing grandmother.
 She was nominated for an Emmy Award for her work on "Desperate Housewives" and received critical acclaim for her role in "Chuck and Buck", for which she won the National Board of Review award for Best Supporting Actress, and was also nominated for an Independent Spirit Award.
Mark Ian Addy (born 14 January 1964) is an English actor.
 He is known for portraying Detective Constable Gary Boyle in the British sitcom "The Thin Blue Line", Dave in the film "The Full Monty", Bill Miller in the American sitcom "Still Standing", King Robert Baratheon in the HBO medieval fantasy series "Game of Thrones", Fred Flintstone in "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas", and Hercules in the British fantasy drama series "Atlantis".
Ta-Ronce Allen (born February 2, 1960) is an American actress.
 She is best known for her appearances as a teen actress on television in the 1970s.
 She had a role as Michael Evans's girlfriend "Yvonne" in two episodes of the CBS sitcom "Good Times" in 1976 and 1977.
 Allen was born in Los Angeles and currently lives in Lancaster, California.
 She is also the daughter of actor Raymond Allen, who starred as Uncle Woodrow Anderson on the NBC sitcom "Sanford and Son" and Ned "The Wino" on the CBS sitcom "Good Times" in the 1970s.
 Allen had a role in the 1972 neo-noir film "Hickey & Boggs" with actors Bill Cosby and Robert Culp.
 She also appeared in the first episode of the second season of "Kung Fu" entitled "The Well.
Chene Lawson (born February 28, 1971) is an American actress.
 She is best known for the role of Yolanda Hamilton, the derelict mother of Devon Hamilton (Bryton) on "The Young and the Restless".
Dorthea Lauren Allegra Lapkus (born September 6, 1985) is an American actress and comedian, best known for portraying Dee Dee in the NBC sitcom "Are You There, Chelsea?
" and Susan Fischer in the Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black".
 She has also made appearances on such television shows as "Jimmy Kimmel Live!
", "The Middle", "Hot in Cleveland", and "@midnight".
 She is also known for her many podcast appearances, including "Comedy Bang!
 Bang!
", "improv4humans", and her own podcast "With Special Guest Lauren Lapkus".
 She was a main cast member on the TBS original sitcom "Clipped".
Jackie Guerra is a Mexican American actress best known for being the star of the short-lived sitcom "First Time Out".
 She also co-starred in the PBS series, "American Family" in addition to co-starring roles in feature films, including a role as Jennifer Lopez’s drum playing sister Suzette Quintanilla in the Warner Bros. biopic "Selena" and opposite Woody Allen in "Picking Up the Pieces".
