The Denver Dynamite were an arena football team based in Denver, Colorado.
 The team began play in 1987 as a charter member of the Arena Football League.
 The team was brought in by businessman Sidney Shlenker and the team achieved success instantly, winning the first ever ArenaBowl under AFL Hall of Fame coach Tim Marcum.
 After sitting out the 1988 season, the Dynamite were purchased by investment banker Gary Graham for $125,000.
 Graham then hired former NFL and AFL coach, Babe Parilli to lead the team.
 Under Parilli, the Dynamite would return to the playoffs every season, but failed to return to the ArenaBowl.
 After the 1991 season, the franchise was sued by their public relations firm and filed for bankruptcy.
 They played their home games at McNichols Sports Arena.
 The team's logo was a bundle of dynamite sticks with a burning fuse.
The Denver Spurs were a professional ice hockey team based out of Denver, Colorado.
 The Spurs began play in the Western Hockey League in 1968, and played at the Denver Coliseum.
 The Spurs became the first professional sports team in Colorado to win a championship in 1971–72.
 After the WHL folded in 1974, the team transferred to the Central Hockey League for the 1974–75 season.
The Denver Broncos are an American football team based in Denver, Colorado.
 The Broncos compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's American Football Conference (AFC) West division.
 The team began play in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League (AFL) and joined the NFL as part of the merger in 1970.
 The Broncos are owned by the Pat Bowlen trust.
 The Broncos have played at Sports Authority Field at Mile High since , after previously playing at Mile High Stadium from 1960 to 2000.
Joy S. Burns is the President and CEO of the D.C. Burns Realty and Trust Company and the owner of the Burnsley Hotel.
 She is involved in the Denver, Colorado community and serves on a number of Boards including the Denver Metro Convention and Visitor's Bureau; Sportswomen of Colorado, Inc.; the Denver Center for the Performing Arts; and the Metropolitan Football Stadium District.
 Burns is also a founder of the Colorado Women's Foundation and of the Colorado Business Bank.
 She was inducted into the Colorado Business Hall of Fame in 1998, the Colorado Tourism and Travel Hall of Fame in 1999, and the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame in 2000.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Colorado.
 They are members of the American Football Conference West Division in the National Football League (NFL).
 The franchise was formed on August 14, 1959 to compete in the American Football League (AFL).
 The first AFL Draft was held three months later.
 The last AFL draft the Broncos participated in was the 1966 draft, due to them joining the NFL as part of the AFL–NFL merger on June 8, 1966.
The New Jersey Devils are a professional ice hockey team based in Newark, New Jersey.
 The team is a member of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 The Devils arrived in New Jersey in 1982 after transferring from Denver, Colorado, where they had been known as the Colorado Rockies since 1976.
 Before that, the franchise entered the league as the Kansas City Scouts in 1974.
 The 2010–11 season is the 29th season of play in New Jersey.
 It is the 37th year for the Devils franchise, and including the team's time in Kansas City and Denver, the Devils have won over 1100 regular season games, 17th overall in NHL history.
The Colorado Crush were an arena football team based in Denver, Colorado.
 They began play as a 2003 Arena Football League as an expansion team.
 The Crush played in the Central Division of the American Conference until the Arena Football League suspended operations in 2009.
 They were last coached by Mike Dailey and owned by a coalition of Denver sports figures led by John Elway.
Campbell Field, officially Marv Kay Stadium at Harry D. Campbell Field, is an American college football stadium located in Golden, Colorado.
 The stadium serves as the home field of the Colorado Mines Orediggers football team representing the Colorado School of Mines.
 Campbell Field is one of the oldest football fields in existence, the oldest west of the Mississippi River and the oldest in NCAA Division II.
 Originally it was a dirt surface all-purpose athletic field in exactly its current configuration, built within a clay pit, a fitting mined-out home for the Orediggers.
 Its first athletic contest, held on May 20, 1893, was the first annual Colorado Inter-Collegiate Athletic Association Field Day, featuring many athletic contests between the University of Colorado, Colorado A&M, Colorado School of Mines, and the University of Denver, in which Mines claimed the most medals.
 Its first football game took place on October 7, 1893, a 6-0 Mines victory over the University of Denver.
 It has been home to the football Orediggers through all but the first five seasons of their existence (their previous home were the now-destroyed grounds at the southeast corner of 19th and Illinois streets in Golden), and has been renovated several times throughout its existence.
 The field was originally called Athletic Park, renamed Brooks Field after Mines trustee and benefactor Ralph D. Brooks in 1922, and renamed Campbell Field after 1939 undefeated team member and benefactor Harry D. Campbell in 2010.
 Campbell Field is the oldest football field in the west, the oldest in NCAA Division II football and the 5th oldest college football field in the nation.
The Rocky Mountain Thunder was an indoor football team in the Indoor Professional Football League (IPFL) during the 1999 season.
 The Thunder was owned by Scott Riddell and played their home games at the World Arena in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
 Riddell, the CEO of Colorado Springs based Internet company U.S. Telnet, Purchased the team half way through the season when the original owners declared bankruptcy.
 U.S. Telnet had designed the current logo and website for the team.
 The team's official colors were: Royal Blue, Silver and Black.
 The head coach for the Thunder was Collins Sanders, who also served as head coach for the 1998 PIFL Colorado Wildcats and currently is head coach/director of football operations for the Colorado Ice of the UIF.
The Denver Dream are a Women's American football team based in Denver, Colorado that plays in the Western Conference of the Legends Football League.
 Their home games are played at the Budweiser Events Center.
