Spun is a 2002 American black comedy crime drama film directed by Jonas Åkerlund from an original screenplay by William De Los Santos and Creighton Vero, based on 3 days of De Los Santos' life in the Eugene, Oregon drug subculture and stars Jason Schwartzman, John Leguizamo, Mena Suvari, Patrick Fugit, Peter Stormare, Alexis Arquette, Deborah Harry, Eric Roberts, Chloe Hunter, Nicholas Gonzalez, Brittany Murphy and Mickey Rourke.
The Wizards of Aus is an Australian television comedy series which began airing on SBS on 19 January 2016.
 The series is directed by and stars Australian filmmaker Michael Shanks and is produced by Chris Hocking, Nicholas Colla and Sumah Hurley.
 It is written by Michael Shanks and Nicholas Issell.
 It was originally devised as a six-part online series but instead became a three-part television series.
 A full 6-part version was released on YouTube on 18 February 2016.
Missing is a British daytime television crime drama series starring Pauline Quirke and Mark Wingett.
 The series is set in a busy, under-resourced missing persons unit, and follows the team led by DS Mary Jane "MJ" Croft (Quirke).
 The first series of five episodes aired on BBC One in 2009, with an extended second series of ten episodes airing in 2010.
 It was filmed in and around Dover, Kent and Tonbridge, Kent.
 The series also starred Felix Scott and Pooja Shah as Croft's sidekicks, Jason Doyle and Amy Garnett.
 Guest stars who appeared throughout the series run include Paul Nicholas, Brooke Kinsella, Gary Lucy and Sylvia Syms.
Nicholas Andre Pinnock (born 2 September 1973) is a British actor.
 He is known for his role as Frank Sutter in the Sky Atlantic psychological thriller "Fortitude".
 Pinnock is currently starring in "Marcella" as Jason Backland.
 The series aired on ITV on 4 April 2016.
The Ice Cream Girls is a three-part British television crime drama, first broadcast in 2013, based on the bestselling novel by Dorothy Koomson.
 The story follows two vulnerable teenage girls, Serena Gorringe (Lorraine Burroughs) and Poppy Carlisle (Jodhi May), who in the summer of 1995, are accused of murdering their schoolteacher, Marcus Hansley (Martin Compston) after becoming involved in a tryst of violence and sexual abuse.
 Although Serena is acquitted, Poppy is convicted of murder.
 In the following years, the two girls lead very different lives - Poppy's family rebuff her, leaving her to serve her prison sentence alone.
 Serena, however, finds love with childhood sweetheart Evan (Nicholas Pinnock) and has a daughter, Verity (Dominique Jackson).
Grandpa in My Pocket is a comedy drama series commissioned by Michael Carrington for CBeebies, the BBC's dedicated pre-school and nursery channel targeting children aged 1–6 years.
 The programme stars James Bolam as Grandpa, who owns a magical Shrinking Cap, which initially only his 10-year-old grandson Jason (played by Jay Ruckley) knows about.
 The cap enables him to shrink to about 4 or 5 inches tall, run very fast, and bring objects to life.
 This allows him to experience many magical adventures which are told via voice-over narration by Jason, including finding a hamster under the floorboards, bringing a home-made robot to life, and driving Jason's toy car and biplane.
 The programme also stars Josie Cable, Zara Ramm and Sam Ellis.
 According to the BBC press office, ""Grandpa In My Pocket" explores the hugely important relationship between grandchildren and grandparents by turning it on its head".
Conviction is a British television crime drama that premiered on BBC Three on 7 November 2004.
 The six-part series stars William Ash, David Warner, Ian Puleston-Davies, Reece Dinsdale, Nicholas Gleaves, Laura Fraser, Jason Watkins and Zoe Henry.
The Five-Year Engagement is a 2012 American comedy film co-written, directed, and produced by Nicholas Stoller.
 Produced with Judd Apatow and Rodney Rothman, it is co-written by Jason Segel, who also stars in the film with Emily Blunt as a couple whose relationship becomes strained when their engagement is continually extended.
 The film was released in North America on April 27, 2012 and in the United Kingdom on June 22, 2012.
Gallifrey: Series 4 is a set of Big Finish Productions audio dramas based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
 The series is set on the Doctor's home planet of Gallifrey.
 The four dramas were released in a box set in 2011, and were directed by Gary Russell and produced by Jason Haigh-Ellery and Nicholas Briggs.
Batman: Under the Red Hood is a 2010 American animated superhero direct-to-video film produced by Warner Bros.
 Animation and released by Warner Home Video.
 It is the eighth feature in the DC Universe Animated Original Movies series.
 It was released on July 27, 2010.
 The film stars Bruce Greenwood as Bruce Wayne/Batman, Jensen Ackles as the Red Hood/Jason Todd, John DiMaggio as the Joker, Neil Patrick Harris as Nightwing/Dick Grayson, Jason Isaacs as Ra's al Ghul, and Wade Williams as Black Mask.
 The screenplay was written by Judd Winick, who also wrote the "" run in the monthly "Batman" comic.As in the comic, it focuses on Batman dealing with the return of his former apprentice, the second Robin, Jason Todd , who now goes by the moniker of Red Hood, a murderous vigilante and the former alias of Batman's archenemy , The Joker , on whom Jason is trying to exact revenge.
