PiperWai is an American deodorant brand.
 It was featured on "Shark Tank" in December 2015 and received an offer from Barbara Corcoran, which has been considered one of her most notable deals to date.
 The product experienced the ""Shark Tank" effect" and sold out within five minutes of airing, with more than $1 million in sales over the next month.
 PiperWai was co-founded by Sarah Ribner and Jess Edelstein in March 2014.
Beyond The Tank is an American reality television companion spin-off series on ABC, which follows up on aspiring entrepreneurs who made business presentations to a panel of potential investors on "Shark Tank".
 The show premiered on May 1, 2015, and was picked-up for 10 episodes, but only three episodes aired.
 It was renewed for a second season on May 7, 2015, which premiered on January 5, 2016, before airing in its regular time slot on January 7, 2016.
 Additional episodes started airing in March 2016 after ABC cancelled "Of Kings and Prophets."
Simple Sugars is a Pittsburgh-based cosmetics company run by entrepreneur Lani Lazzari.
 In 2013, Lani Lazzari appeared in Season 4 of the American reality television series "Shark Tank" where the business received a $100,000 investment from Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban for a 33 percent stake.
 A year later, Lazzari appeared again on "Shark Tank".
Christopher Sacca (born May 12, 1975) is a former American venture investor, company advisor and entrepreneur as well as a former lawyer.
 He is the proprietor of Lowercase Capital, a venture capital fund in the United States that has invested in seed and early-stage technology companies such as Twitter, Uber, Instagram, Twilio, and Kickstarter.
 As of 2017, he has appeared as a "Guest Shark" on ABC's Shark Tank.
Shark Tank is an American reality television series that premiered on August 9, 2009, on ABC.
 The show is a franchise of the international format "Dragons' Den", which originated in Japan in 2001.
 "Shark Tank" shows aspiring entrepreneur-contestants as they make business presentations to a panel of "shark" investors, who then choose whether or not to invest.
Plated is an American ingredient-and-recipe meal kit service that has been acquired by Albertsons.
 The company was founded in 2012, but rose to notability through its selection for Techstars in 2013, "Shark Tank" in 2014 and "Beyond the Tank" in 2015.
 Plated's founders, Nick Taranto and Josh Hix, earned a deal on "Shark Tank" that fell through, but negotiated a deal with another investor after the show was filmed.
 The company accepted several rounds of venture capital investments and remained private until it was acquired by Albertsons in September 2017.
Roominate is a construction set introduced by Maykah Inc., a company founded by Alice Brooks and Bettina Chen, in 2012.
 The product, marketed at girls aged 6–10, consists of modular plastic building pieces that can interlock to create models and includes circuits that can be wired.
 Originally funded through Kickstarter, the company received an investment from Mark Cuban and Lori Greiner during the sixth season of "Shark Tank".
Shark Wheel is a company based in Orange County, California that manufactures helical wheels of the same name.
 Rather than a traditional circular shape, the Shark Wheel is composed of one or many three-dimensional sine waves.
 The shape is a hybrid of a sphere and cube, taking on the properties of both shapes while in motion.
 It has been touted as the reinvention of the wheel by various news outlets.
 The wheels were funded by a Kickstarter campaign that reached nearly eight times its initial goal.
 It attracted the attention of award-winning skateboarder Tony Hawk and was used by skateboarders who placed in various competitions around the world.
 The product appeared on ABC's Shark Tank in May 2015.
The ABQ Biopark Aquarium, located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States is a facility of the Albuquerque Biological Park and is located next door to the Rio Grande Botanic Garden.
 The ABQ Biopark Aquarium exhibits Gulf of Mexico and South Pacific saltwater species from a variety of habitats, including surf zone, shallow waters, coral reefs, open ocean and deep ocean.
 The highlight of the aquarium is a 285,000 gal shark tank with a 38 ft -wide, 9 ft -high, 8 inch -thick acrylic viewing window.
 "Jellies: Aliens of the Sea", featuring moon jellies and Japanese sea nettles, and the "Pacific Coral Reef Tunnel" are popular with aquarium visitors.
 "The South Pacific Gallery" features seahorses, pipefishes, and colorfully patterned reef fish.
 "The Rio Grande at Central Bridge" exhibit in the aquarium lobby offers visitors an opportunity to compare the kinds of fish that lived in the Albuquerque reach of the Rio Grande 100 years ago and those found today.
 The "Shark/Ray Encounter" allows guests to have a guided, up-close experience with bamboo sharks and stingrays.
Shark Tank is an Australian reality competition television series that premiered 8 February 2015, on Network Ten.
 Based on the international "Dragons' Den" and "Shark Tank" format, it has aspiring entrepreneur-contestants make business presentations to a panel of "shark" investors.
