Tumi Holdings, Inc., is a South Plainfield, New Jersey-based manufacturer of suitcases and bags for travel.
 Founded in 1975 by Charlie Clifford after a stint in the Peace Corps in Peru, the company is named after a Peruvian ceremonial knife used for sacrifices.
 Tumi, Inc. was a unit of Doughty Hanson & Co. from 2004 until after its 2012 initial public offering.
Columbus Circle is a neighborhood and plaza in the downtown section of Syracuse, New York.
 Columbus Monument was designed by the Syracuse-born architect, Dwight James Baum in 1934.
 Columbus Circle is home to Syracuse's two cathedrals, the Episcopalian St. Paul's Cathedral and the Roman Catholic Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception.
 As well as County Court House and the County's John H. Mulroy Civic Center, home of the Onondaga County Government.
Forman Mills, Inc. is a Pennsauken, New Jersey-based retail chain and department store with 35 stores, located in Philadelphia, Baltimore, Delaware, New Jersey, Washington DC, Chicago, Cleveland, Detroit, New York City and their suburbs.
 They also operate a store at the Iverson Mall in Hillcrest Heights, Maryland.
 It was begun by Richard Forman when he started selling items at the Columbus Farmers Market.
 The chain is known for their low-priced designer clothing such as shirts, pants, shorts, capri pants, and hats.
2 Columbus Circle is a 12-story building located on a small, trapezoidal lot on the south side of Columbus Circle on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, New York City.
 Bordered by 58th Street, 59th Street, Broadway, and Eighth Avenue, it stands on the site of the seven-story Grand Circle Hotel designed by William H. Cauvet.
 Opened in 1964 after A&P heir Huntington Hartford hired architect Edward Durell Stone to build a museum for him at the site.
 The building came under controversy in 2002 after the Museum of Arts and Design (MAD) was designated as the building's developer.
 MAD subsequently significantly altered its design, including modifying its facade; since 1996, ideas had been put forward for the building to be landmarked, so its proposed landmark status was brought into question with this renovation.
The Campuses of Fordham University are located within New York City and the New York City metropolitan area.
 The university's original Rose Hill campus is located in The Bronx on Fordham Road, while the Lincoln Center campus is located in Manhattan, one block west of Columbus Circle.
 The Westchester campus is located in Harrison, New York in Westchester County.
 Additionally, Fordham University maintains a study abroad center in the United Kingdom and field offices in Spain and South Africa.
Chris Doyle is a multi-media artist who lives in New York City.
 His major public projects have included BRIGHT CANYON, presented by the Times Square Alliance (2014); LEAP, presented by Creative Time in Columbus Circle (2000) and Commutable, presented by the Public Art Fund on the Lower East Side (1996), all in New York City.
 His work has also been shown at The Brooklyn Museum of Art, The Queens Museum of Art, P.S.1 Museum of Contemporary Art, the Kupferstichkabinett Berlin, Germany, and as part of the New York Video Festival at Lincoln Center.
 In 2015 he created a major immersive sculpture, video and sound piece for Wave Hill Botanical Gardens in New York.
Per Se is a New American and French restaurant located on the fourth floor of the Time Warner Center at 10 Columbus Circle (at West 60th Street and Broadway) in Manhattan in New York City, owned by chef Thomas Keller.
 In 2011, it was called the best restaurant in New York City by "The New York Times".
 The chef is Eli Kaimeh.
 Per Se is currently the third most expensive restaurant in the world after Sublimotion and Urasawa with an average guest spending approximately $851.
Columbus Circle, named for Christopher Columbus, is a traffic circle and heavily trafficked intersection in the New York City borough of Manhattan, located at the intersection of Eighth Avenue, Broadway, Central Park South (West 59th Street), and Central Park West, at the southwest corner of Central Park.
 It is the point from which all official distances from New York City are measured.
 The name is also used for the neighborhood a few blocks around the circle in each direction.
 To the south of the circle lies Hell's Kitchen, also known as "Clinton", and the Theater District, and to the north is the Upper West Side.
The Shops at Columbus Circle is an urban shopping mall in the Time Warner Center in Manhattan, New York City — a complex of skyscrapers that was completed in 2003.
 It is located at Columbus Circle, next to the southwestern corner of Central Park.
 The shopping mall includes Amazon Books, H&M, L'Occitane, Michael Kors, Hugo Boss, Tumi, Coach, Cole Haan, Thomas Pink, J.Crew and Stuart Weitzman.
 The mall also has several restaurants such as the Michelin 3-star Per Se, Masa (allegedly the most expensive restaurant in New York ), the East Coast flagship of Williams-Sonoma, and a Whole Foods Market.
 It is owned by The Related Companies.
Time Warner Center is a mixed use (office/commercial and residential) twin-tower building in New York City.
 Developed by The Related Companies and AREA Property Partners (formerly known as Apollo Real Estate Advisors), its design by David Childs and Mustafa Kemal Abadan of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, consists of two 750 ft twin towers bridged by a multi-story atrium containing upscale retail shops.
 Construction began in November 2000, following the demolition of the New York Coliseum, and a topping-out ceremony was held on February 27, 2003.
 The property had the highest-listed market value in New York City, $1.1 billion, in 2006.
 Originally constructed as the AOL Time Warner Center, the building encircles the western side of Columbus Circle and straddles the border between Midtown and the Upper West Side.
 The total floor area of 2.8 e6ft2 is occupied by office space (notably the offices of Time Warner and an R&D Center for VMware), residential condominiums, and the Mandarin Oriental, New York hotel.
 The Shops at Columbus Circle is an upscale shopping mall located in a curving arcade at the base of the building, with a large Whole Foods Market grocery store on the lower level.
