New World is the first solo album from Lauri Ylönen, lead singer of Finnish band The Rasmus.
 The album was released on 30 March 2011.
 This album contains songs by Lauri that didn't fit The Rasmus' style, and decided to be released as a solo album.
 The first single released was "Heavy" and the second was "In the City".
My Beauty is a solo album by Kevin Rowland, lead singer of Dexys Midnight Runners.
 It was released in 1999, eleven years after his solo debut "The Wanderer".
 In the interim he had experienced problems with drug addiction.
 "My Beauty" is an album of cover songs, although Rowland rewrote several of the lyrics to reflect his battles against substance abuse.
 The album is notorious for its cover, which shows Rowland in drag and heavy make up, an image which Rowland also used during contemporaneous appearances at the Glastonbury and Reading festivals.
 During his appearance at Reading he was pelted with bottles thrown by the audience.
"Heavy" is the first single of Lauri Ylönen from his first solo album "New World".
 The world premiere of the song was on 26 February 2011 with a digital release on 25 February.
"Keep Your Heart Broken" is a song by the Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus, and the ninth track of their 2005 album "Hide from the Sun".
 It was written by lead-singer Lauri Ylönen.
The Rasmus are a Finnish rock band that formed in 1994 in Helsinki while the band members were still in upper comprehensive school.
 The original band members were Lauri Ylönen (lead singer/songwriter), Eero Heinonen (bass), Pauli Rantasalmi (guitar) and Jarno Lahti (drums).
 Jarno Lahti left the year after and was replaced by Janne Heiskanen in 1995.
 Heiskanen quit the band in 1998 and was soon replaced by Aki Hakala.
 The Rasmus has sold 4 million albums worldwide, 310,000 copies in their native Finland alone.
 They have won numerous awards, both domestic and international.
"Ghost of Love" is a radio single released exclusively in Finland by Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus, and the third track on their 2008 studio album "Black Roses".
 It was written by lead-singer Lauri Ylönen.
Lauri Ylönen (born 23 April 1979) is a Finnish singer-songwriter, best known as the frontman of the Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus.
One Day I'm Going To Soar is a 2012 album by Dexys, the band formerly known as Dexys Midnight Runners.
 It was the band's fourth studio album, but its first in 27 years.
 The album features, alongside Dexys' lead singer (and leader) Kevin Rowland, 1980s Dexys members "Big" Jim Paterson, Pete Williams and Mick Talbot, new recruits Neil Hubbard, Tim Cansfield and Lucy Morgan, and guest vocalist Madeleine Hyland, who duets with Rowland on several songs.
"Sail Away" is a song by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus, originally released on the band's sixth studio album "Hide from the Sun" on September 2, 2005.
 The song was written by the lead singer Lauri Ylönen.
 Sail away was 2nd on the United States singles list in 2005.
"Bittersweet" is a single by the cello rock band Apocalyptica in collaboration with Ville Valo (of HIM) and Lauri Ylönen (of The Rasmus).
 The music is by Apocalyptica, the lyrics by Ville Valo and the vocals by Ville Valo and Lauri Ylönen.
 The song is written for four cellos (quartet) and voice, but there are versions for just the cello quartet.
 The lyrics are about a love triangle, in which a woman loves a man, who does not love her back, and another man which is in love with the woman, while she does not love him back.
