Central El Paso is part of the city of El Paso, Texas, USA, and contains some of the city's oldest and most historic neighborhoods.
 Located in the heart of the city, it is home to approximately 130,000 people.
 Development of central El Paso started around 1875, when the city was barely beginning to gain its roots.
 Today, central El Paso has grown into the center of the city's economy and a thriving urban community.
 It contains numerous historic sites and landmarks.
 It is close to the El Paso International Airport, Downtown El Paso, the international border, and Fort Bliss.
 It is part of the El Paso Independent School District.
Northeast El Paso is part of the city of El Paso, Texas and is located north of Central El Paso, and east of the Franklin Mountains.
 Its southern boundary is variously given as Fred Wilson Boulevard or Cassidy Road and Van Buren Avenue, and it extends northward to the New Mexico state line; some portions of this region lie outside the city limits, including parts of Franklin Mountains State Park and areas of Fort Bliss: the Logan area of Fort Bliss around Chapin High School and Castner Range, an old firing range northwest of Hondo Pass Avenue and Gateway South Boulevard.
 Development of Northeast El Paso, which had begun before the Second World War around the Logan area, started in earnest during the 1950s, when many homes were demolished in the process of the construction of Interstate 10.
 It is one of the more ethnically diverse areas of town due to a high concentration of enlisted military families.
 Northeast El Paso has historically not developed at a rate comparable to East El Paso and Northwest El Paso, but in recent years, it has seen an increase in development.
 It is expected that the population in Northeast El Paso will grow more rapidly as a result of the troop increase for Fort Bliss in the coming years.
 Northeast El Paso has gained recognition throughout the city for schools like Parkland, Irvin, Andress and Chapin because of their outstanding athletic programs.
El Paso International Airport (IATA: ELP, ICAO: KELP, FAA LID: ELP) is a public airport four miles (6 km) northeast of downtown El Paso, in El Paso County, Texas, United States.
 It is the largest commercial airport in West Texas, handling 2,778,248 passengers in 2014.
 The airport serves the El Paso–Las Cruces Combined Statistical Area.
East El Paso is an area of El Paso, Texas, United States, that is located north of Interstate 10, east of Airway Blvd., and south of Montana Ave. East El Paso is the fastest growing area of town.
 With a population of over 150,000, east El Paso is also the largest area of town.
 Its neighborhoods are mainly middle-class, but east El Paso does have a considerable number of affluent neighborhoods.
 East El Paso is noted also for its ridges and cliffs which offer desirable views of the Lower Valley, Juarez, the Franklin Mountains and Downtown El Paso.
 It also possesses the greatest number of entertainment venues in the city.
Grand Forks International Airport (IATA: GFK, ICAO: KGFK, FAA LID: GFK) is a public airport five miles (8 km) northwest of Grand Forks, in Grand Forks County, North Dakota.
 GFK has no scheduled passenger flights out of the country but has an "international" title (like many other airports) because it has customs service for arrivals from Canada and other countries.
Burges High School in El Paso, Texas, United States, is a comprehensive high school in the El Paso Independent School District.
 It is located in the Cielo Vista neighborhood on the near east side of El Paso, north of the large shopping center Cielo Vista Mall and south of El Paso International Airport, and is the only El Paso Independent School District high school in East El Paso.
Ralph E. Seitsinger (January 13, 1916 – March 30, 2016) was an American businessman, furniture merchant and politician.
 He served as the 36th Mayor of El Paso, Texas, from 1961 until 1963.
 Under Mayor Seitsinger, his administration oversaw the development and early planning for several major infrastructure projects, including the North-South Freeway through downtown El Paso, Texas State Highway Loop 375 (the Border Highway), and the Lower Valley sewer plant.
 Seitsinger, who identified more as a businessman than a politician, cited the growth of city parks and the development of El Paso International Airport as his greatest public accomplishments.
 A proponent of the maquiladoras, or twin plant manufacturing concept between the U.S. and Mexico, Sietsinger's administration laid the foundation for the Chamizal settlement, which ended the Chamizal border dispute between El Paso and Ciudad Juárez in 1970.
 Seitsinger was the oldest living former Mayor of El Paso at the time of his death in March 2016 at the age of 100.
The Grand Forks International (GFI) is an annual international invitational baseball tournament hosted at James Donaldson Park in Grand Forks, British Columbia.
 The GFI is the largest invitational baseball tournament in Canada and is a large part of the culture in Grand Forks.
 The tournament is also notable for being run entirely by volunteers.
Grand Forks Municipal Airport is a former airport, located within current city limits approximately 3 mi west-northwest of central Grand Forks, North Dakota.
 It was closed shortly after World War II and is now redeveloped as part of the urban area of Grand Forks.
The John D. Odegard School of Aerospace Sciences (UND Aerospace) is a multidisciplinary college within the University of North Dakota (UND) in Grand Forks, North Dakota.
 The school was formed in 1968.
 The majority of the school's fleet of over 120 aircraft is based at nearby Grand Forks International Airport and is the largest fleet of civilian flight training aircraft in North America.
 UND Aerospace also operates flight training centers in Crookston, Minnesota, and Phoenix, Arizona.
 Today, the school has many aerospace-related programs including commercial aviation (fixed wing and rotorcraft), air traffic control, airport management, Space Studies, Computer Science, Atmospheric Sciences, and Earth System Science & Policy.
 Currently, the school has over 500 faculty and 1,900 students making it the second largest of UND’s degree-granting colleges.
 The present dean of the school is Dr. Paul Lindseth.
