India possesses weapons of mass destruction in the form of nuclear weapons and, in the past, chemical weapons. Though India has not made any official statements about the size of its nuclear arsenal, recent estimates suggest that India has 110 nuclear weapons consistent with earlier estimates that it had produced enough weapons-grade plutonium for up to 75–110 nuclear weapons.
 In 1999 India was estimated to have 800 kg of separated reactor-grade plutonium, with a total amount of 8300 kg of civilian plutonium, enough for approximately 1,000 nuclear weapons.
 India is not a signatory to the 1968 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which it argues entrenches the status quo of the existing nuclear weapons states whilst preventing general nuclear disarmament.
Jomar Brun MBE (18 June 1904 – 26 August 1993) was a Norwegian chemical engineer.
 He was born in Trondheim.
 He graduated from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1926, and worked for Norsk Hydro from 1929.
 He was central in the planning and running of the world's first industrial heavy water plant at Norsk Hydro Rjukan.
 During World War II he was called to London, and contributed to the planning phase of Operation Freshman and Operation Gunnerside, the heavy water sabotage at Vemork.
 He was decorated with the Order of the British Empire, and Officer of the French Legion of Honour.
 From 1951 he was appointed professor of electrochemistry at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondheim.
Nuclear reprocessing technology was developed to chemically separate and recover fissionable plutonium from spent nuclear fuel.
 Originally, reprocessing was used solely to extract plutonium for producing nuclear weapons. With commercialization of nuclear power, the reprocessed plutonium was recycled back into MOX nuclear fuel for thermal reactors.
 The reprocessed uranium, also known as the spent fuel material, can in principle also be re-used as fuel, but that is only economical when uranium supply is low and prices are high.
 A breeder reactor is not restricted to using recycled plutonium and uranium.
 It can employ all the actinides, closing the nuclear fuel cycle and potentially multiplying the energy extracted from natural uranium by about 60 times.
The United States is known to have possessed three types of weapons of mass destruction: nuclear weapons, chemical weapons, and biological weapons.
 The U.S. is the only country to have used nuclear weapons in combat, when it detonated two atomic bombs over the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki during World War II.
 It had secretly developed the earliest form of the atomic weapon during the 1940s under the title "Manhattan Project".
 The United States pioneered the development of both the nuclear fission and hydrogen bombs (the latter involving nuclear fusion).
 It was the world's first and only nuclear power for four years (1945–1949), until the Soviet Union managed to produce its own nuclear weapon.
 The United States has the second largest number of deployed nuclear weapons in the world, after Russia.
Nuclear weapons tests are experiments carried out to determine the effectiveness, yield, and explosive capability of nuclear weapons. Throughout the twentieth century, most nations that developed nuclear weapons tested them.
 Testing nuclear weapons can yield information about how the weapons work, as well as how the weapons behave under various conditions and how personnel, structures, and equipment behave when subjected to nuclear explosions.
 Nuclear testing has often been used as an indicator of scientific and military strength, and many tests have been overtly political in their intention; most nuclear weapons states publicly declared their nuclear status by means of a nuclear test.
Nuclear proliferation is the spread of nuclear weapons, fissionable material, and weapons-applicable nuclear technology and information to nations not recognized as "Nuclear Weapon States" by the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, commonly known as the Non-Proliferation Treaty or NPT.
 Proliferation has been opposed by many nations with and without nuclear weapons, the governments of which fear that more countries with nuclear weapons may increase the possibility of nuclear warfare (up to and including the so-called "countervalue" targeting of civilians with nuclear weapons), de-stabilize international or regional relations, or infringe upon the national sovereignty of states.
This timeline of nuclear weapons development is a chronological catalog of the evolution of nuclear weapons rooting from the development of the science surrounding nuclear fission and nuclear fusion.
 In addition to the scientific advancements, this timeline also includes several political events relating to the development of nuclear weapons.
 The availability of intelligence on recent advancements in nuclear weapons of several major countries (such as United States and the Soviet Union) is limited because of the classification of technical knowledge of nuclear weapons development.
The Two Futures Project (2FP) is a movement made up of American Christians who support and work towards the abolition of all nuclear weapons.
 This organization believes that human beings face two futures and one choice: a world without nuclear weapons or a world ruined by them.
 2FP is supportive of concrete and practical steps to reduce nuclear dangers immediately, while pursuing the multilateral, global, irreversible, and verifiable elimination of nuclear weapons, as a biblically-grounded mandate and as a contemporary security imperative.
 In order to make these changes in the world they are using a strategy based around the creation of a non-partisan, conscience-driven, enduring majority of Americans who are committed to a nuclear weapons-free world.
 Two Futures Project seeks to join together one voice of Christian conscience, to encourage and enable national leaders to make the complete elimination of nuclear weapons the organizing principle of American nuclear weapons policy.
 The founder and director of the Two Futures Project is Rev. Tyler Wigg-Stevenson.
Green Light Teams were Special Forces squads containing members of the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, and the U.S. Marines during the height of the Cold War with the Soviet Union.
 These Green Light Teams, also referred to as Atomic Demolition Munitions Specialists, were trained to advance, arm, and deploy Special Atomic Demolition Munitions behind enemy lines.
 These Atomic Demolition Munitions, also known as ADMs and backpack nukes, are smaller, and more portable nuclear weapons created by the United States beginning in 1954.
 These initial Atomic Demolition Munitions required large teams of trained soldiers and still weighed hundreds of pounds.
 The United States of America’s nuclear weapons developers were encouraging of the Military’s desire for tactical nuclear weapons.
 The President of one of these nuclear weapons developers, James McRae of Sandia Corporation, was among those inspiring the further development of tactical nuclear weapons, asserting: “greater emphasis should be placed on small atomic weapons”.
 The development of the Davy Crocket nuclear device, an atomic weapon with a sub-kiloton energy yield that can be transported on the back of a jeep, served as a pre-cursor to the eventual final product foreseen by the Military, the Mk-54 Special Atomic Demolition Munition.
 The Davy Crocket’s lightweight Mark-54 composition was encouraging to the further production and advancement of smaller Special Atomic Demolition Munitions, such as the W-54 version which could be manned by a single trained soldier.
Nuclear espionage is the purposeful giving of state secrets regarding nuclear weapons to other states without authorization (espionage).
 During the history of nuclear weapons there have been many cases of known nuclear espionage, and also many cases of suspected or alleged espionage.
 Because nuclear weapons are generally considered the most important of state secrets, all nations with nuclear weapons have strict restrictions against the giving of information relating to nuclear weapon design, stockpiles, delivery systems, and deployment.
 States are also limited in their making public of weapon information by non-proliferation agreements.
