"Arizona" is a song written by Kenny Young and recorded by former Paul Revere and the Raiders member Mark Lindsay, with L.A. session musicians from the Wrecking Crew, in 1969.
 The single was Number 10 on the Hot 100 on 14 February 1970 and was awarded a RlAA Gold Disc in April 1970.
"Louie, Go Home" is a song written by Paul Revere and Mark Lindsay as a sequel to "Louie Louie" by Richard Berry.
 It was recorded by Paul Revere and the Raiders in 1963 and released in March 1964.
Just Like Us!
 is the fourth studio album by American pop rock group Paul Revere & the Raiders.
 Produced by Terry Melcher and released on January 3, 1966, by Columbia Records, it featured the U.S. hit single "Just Like Me".
 Unlike their later albums, on which Mark Lindsay was the primary lead singer, the lead vocal duties on "Just Like Us!"
 were split among him and the other band members, guitarist Drake Levin, bassist Phil Volk, and drummer Mike Smith.
Bongo Boy Records is an American record label founded by rock musician, songwriter and producer Gar Francis and Dutch entrepreneur Monique Grimme.
 Artists include Mark Lindsay, former lead singer of Paul Revere & The Raiders, Blues musician Plainfield Slim, Gar Francis, Kelly Caruso, The Easy Outs, the Rockids, Jana Peri, Genya Ravan, Canadian artist Jon Mullane, The Swinging Iggies, members of the Doughboys under the moniker Jackie Kringles & the Elves.
 Also signed to the label are Swiss recording artist Michael Resin, Country artist Jordan Green, Americana artist Tom Vicario, Blues Rock artist Oddslane, Beatlemania_(musical) original cast member Les Fradkin .
The Paul Revere House (1680) was the colonial home of American patriot Paul Revere during the time of the American Revolution.
 A National Historic Landmark, it is located at 19 North Square, Boston, Massachusetts, in the city's North End, and is now operated as a nonprofit museum by the Paul Revere Memorial Association.
 An admission fee is charged.
"Just Like Me" is a 1965 single by Paul Revere & the Raiders featuring Mark Lindsay as vocalist and released on Columbia Records which marked the beginning of a string of garage rock classics.
 As their second major national hit, "Just Like Me" reached #11 on the US charts and was one of the first rock records to feature a distinctive, double-tracked guitar solo by guitarist Drake Levin.
Paul Joseph Revere (Sept 10, 1832 – July 4, 1863) was a brevet brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
 He was the grandson and namesake of Revolutionary War patriot Paul Revere.
 He was born in Suffolk County, Massachusetts.
 He was one of the three grandsons of Paul Revere who fought for the Union, another being Joseph Warren Revere.
 In July 1861, he was commissioned a major in the 20th Massachusetts Infantry.
 In October 1861, at the Battle of Ball's Bluff in Virginia, Revere was wounded and captured by the Confederate States Army.
 He was paroled in February 1862 and officially exchanged in May 1862.
 In September 1862, Revere participated in the Battle of Antietam, in which he suffered a 2nd wound and Edward Hutchinson Revere (another of Paul Revere's grandsons) was killed.
 On July 2, 1863, Revere was mortally wounded at the Battle of Gettysburg and died two days later.
Mark Lindsay (born March 9, 1942) is an American musician, best known as the lead singer of Paul Revere & the Raiders.
The Midnight Ride of Paul Revere is a 1931 painting by the American artist Grant Wood.
 It depicts the American patriot Paul Revere during his midnight ride on April 18, 1775.
 The perspective is from a high altitude as Revere rides through a brightly lit Lexington, Massachusetts.
 It was inspired by the poem "Paul Revere's Ride" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
 Wood used a child's hobby horse as model for Revere's horse.
Dave Meros (born 8 February 1956 in Salinas, California), is an American bass guitar player, best known as the bass player for progressive rock band Spock's Beard.
 Meros is also currently the bass player for Iron Butterfly and has also played with such artists as Gary Myrick, Bobby Kimball of Toto, Simon Phillips, Steve Lukather, Michael Landau, Glenn Hughes, Mark Lindsay of Paul Revere and the Raiders and Big Big Train, and played for Eric Burdon and The Animals for nearly 16 years.
 He was also tour manager for many of those years and has worked as a tour manager for further artists as well.
 As a bassist, Meros' musical influences are varied, including Paul McCartney, John Entwistle, Chris Squire, James Jamerson, Marcus Miller, Francis "Rocco" Prestia of Tower of Power, Chuck Rainey and David Hungate.
