Benjamin David "Ben" Gillies (born 24 October 1979) is an Australian musician, best known as the drummer of Australian rock band Silverchair from 1992 until the band went on hiatus in 2011.
 In 2003, Gillies formed Tambalane with Wes Carr, initially as a song-writing project, they released a self-titled album in 2005 and toured Australia but subsequently folded.
 By June 2011, after Silverchair's disbandment, Gillies was in the final stages of about 12 months of working on his solo album and he said that it was not a continuation of his earlier work with Tambalane.
 In 2012, he formed Bento, in which he performs lead vocals, and released the band's debut album "Diamond Days".
"Without You" is the second single released on 13 May 2002 by Australian rock band Silverchair from their fourth album, "Diorama", issued in March that year (see 2002 in music).
 It was written in Db major by lead singer-guitarist Daniel Johns and was composed during the recording sessions for the band's third album "Neon Ballroom" (1999) but was not used at that time.
Christopher John Joannou (born 10 November 1979) is an Australian musician, best known as the bassist for the Newcastle-based alternative rock band Silverchair.
 His real name is Christophoros John Joannou, and he was born in Newcastle, New South Wales, he has a twin sister and an older sister.
 He has a nephew and two nieces.
 He was the first of the three band members to cut his long hair short.
 Joannou was nicknamed 'Lumberjack' by Silverchair fans for his love of trees, and plaid shirts.
 Chris' bandmate Ben Gillies taught him how to play bass guitar, making him the only Band member who did not initially know how to play an instrument.
Live from Faraway Stables is a 2003 live album and concert film by Australian alternative rock band Silverchair.
 It was recorded at their concert held on 19 April 2003, at Newcastle Civic Theatre in the band's home-town of Newcastle, New South Wales, and was the second show to be held there during the band's Across the Night world tour of March to June 2003.
 It is Silverchair's first live release.
Daniel Paul Johns (born 22 April 1979) is an Australian musician, singer, and songwriter.
 Best known as the former front man of the rock band Silverchair, Johns is also one half of The Dissociatives with Paul Mac and, in 2007, was ranked at number 18 on "Rolling Stone"' s list of The 25 Most Under-rated Guitarists.
Diorama is the fourth studio album by Australian alternative rock band Silverchair.
 Released on 31 March 2002 by Atlantic/.
 It won the 2002 ARIA Music Award for Best Group and Best Rock Album.
 The album was co-produced by Daniel Johns and David Bottrill.
 While Bottrill had worked on albums for a variety of other bands, "Diorama" marked the first production credit for lead singer Johns.
Freak Show is the second studio album by Australian alternative rock band Silverchair.
 It was recorded between May and November 1996 and released on 31 January 1997 by record labels Murmur and Epic.
 It was nominated for the 1997 ARIA Music Award for Best Group, but lost to Savage Garden.
"Across the Night" was the fifth and final single released by rock band Silverchair from their fourth album, "Diorama".
 It is the first track on "Diorama", and is a major departure from their previous, grungy sound which was featured on "Frogstomp", which was released in 1995.
 This more progressive type of songwriting is also present on Silverchair's latest album "Young Modern".
 A video was created for the song in the style of early 1900s cinema featuring acclaimed Australian actor Guy Pearce.
"Tomorrow" is a song by Australian rock band Silverchair which was released on 16 September 1994 on their debut extended play album, also titled Tomorrow.
 The song also appeared on the band's first full-length album, "Frogstomp" (27 March 1995).
 It won the 1995 ARIA Music Award for Single of the Year and Highest Selling Single.
 The track was written by the band's lead vocalist, lead guitarist and front man, Daniel Johns, and their drummer-percussionist, Ben Gillies.
 It was produced and engineered by Phil McKellar at national radio station, Triple J's studios for SBS-TV's show, "Nomad", which aired on 16 June 1994.
 After the broadcast the band were signed to the Murmur label – a Sony Music subsidiary – which subsequently issued the "Tomorrow" EP.
"Luv Your Life" is the third single by Australian rock band Silverchair from their fourth album "Diorama", which was released in 2002.
 The song was released as a single and a video was made in which the band was portrayed as animated characters.
 This is mostly because Daniel Johns was incapacitated by his reactive arthritis, and the band needed to release another song to prevent commercial momentum for the album to come to a complete halt.
