Danmarks Ishockey Union, or DIU is the Danish ice hockey federation.
The Danish women's national ice hockey team is the women's national ice hockey team in Denmark.
 The team represents Denmark at the International Ice Hockey Federation's World Women's Ice Hockey Championship Division I A.
 The women's national team is controlled by Danmarks Ishockey Union.
 Denmark has 406 female players in 2014.
Martin Karlsson (born April 26, 1952) is a retired Swedish ice hockey centre and currently the head coach of AaB Ishockey.
 As a player, he became Elitserien champions for three consecutive seasons, with Brynäs IF in 1976 and 1977 and with Skellefteå AIK in 1978.
 Karlsson was also the Elitserien scoring leader in the 1977–78 season.
 He has coached AaB Ishockey, Nordsjælland Cobras, EC Red Bull Salzburg, and IF Troja/Ljungby.
 He coached IF Troja/Ljungby from 2007 to 2011 before returning to AaB Ishockey in the 2011–12 season as the team's head coach.
The Swedish women's national ice hockey team (Swedish: "Sveriges damlandslag i ishockey" ) or Damkronorna ("the Lady Crowns" in Swedish) represents Sweden at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships.
 The women's national team is controlled by Svenska Ishockeyförbundet.
 Sweden has 3,425 female players in 2011.
The Danish national men's ice hockey team is the national ice hockey team for Denmark.
 The team is controlled by Danmarks Ishockey Union.
 As of 2007 the Danish team was ranked 12th in the IIHF World Rankings.
 After not qualifying for a world championship since 1949, Denmark surprised many in 2003 by finishing in 11th place, including a tie game against that year's champions Canada.
 Denmark currently has 4,255 players (0.07% of its population).
 Their coach is Swedish Janne Karlsson who replaced Per Bäckman.
 Denmark once held the record for the largest loss when they were defeated by Canada in 1949, 47–0, only being surpassed by New Zealand who were defeated by Australia 58–0 in 1987.
Rejseholdet (English: "Mobile Unit" [lit.
 "The Travel Team"] ; international title: Unit One) is a Danish television crime series starring Charlotte Fich, Mads Mikkelsen and Lars Brygmann.
 Produced by Danmarks Radio (DR), the program aired 32 episodes spanning four seasons from 2000 to 2004.
 Each episode revolved around an elite mobile police task force called "Unit One" that travels around Denmark helping local police solve crimes.
 Cases portrayed in the show were loosely based upon actual incidents of sensational crimes such as murders, kidnappings, cross-border sex traffic and child pornography.
 "Rejseholdet" won the 2002 International Emmy Award for best drama series.
The Denmark national badminton team is a badminton team located in Denmark and represents the nation of Denmark in international badminton team competitions.
 It is controlled by the Danmarks Badminton Forbund, the governing body for badminton in Denmark.
Mads Bødker (born August 31, 1987) is a retired Danish professional ice hockey defenceman who lastly played for SønderjyskE Ishockey of the Danish Metal Ligaen.
 He has played three seasons in Rødovre Mighty Bulls of the Danish top league AL-Bank Ligaen, as well as participated at seven Ice Hockey World Championships as a member of the Denmark men's national ice hockey team.
 He is the older brother of San Jose Sharks winger Mikkel Bødker.
The Denmark men's national under-18 ice hockey team is the men's national under-18 ice hockey team of Denmark.
 The team is controlled by the Danmarks Ishockey Union, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation.
 The team represents Denmark at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Denmark national football team (Danish: "Danmarks fodboldlandshold" ) represents Denmark in association football and is controlled by the Danish Football Association (DBU), the governing body for the football clubs which are organized under DBU.
 Denmark's home ground is Telia Parken in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen, and their head coach is Åge Hareide.
