Chup Chup Ke (Hindi: चुप चुप के ; English: Quietly, Quietly ) is a 2006 Indian Hindi comedy drama film directed by Priyadarshan.
 Originally titled as "Khatta Meetha", the story of the film is adapted from the Malayalam film "Punjabi House" (1998), with a tagline of ""Love meets confusion meets love.""
 The film has Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor in their third film together along with actors, Neha Dhupia, Sunil Shetty, Paresh Rawal, Rajpal Yadav, Shakti Kapoor, Om Puri and Anupam Kher.
Dosti: Friends Forever (Hindi: दोस्ती, Urdu: دوستی, translation: "friendship") is a 2005 Indian Hindi romantic drama buddy film directed by Suneel Darshan starring Akshay Kumar and Bobby Deol in the lead roles.
 It also stars Lara Dutta and Kareena Kapoor in supporting roles, along with Juhi Chawla in a special appearance.
 Lara Dutta's role was first offered to Amisha Patel, however the actress turn it down due to her relation with Kareena Kapoor not being good at the time.
Milenge Milenge ("We Will Meet, We Will Meet") is a 2010 Indian Hindi romantic drama film.
 Largely based on the 2001 film "Serendipity", the movie is directed by Satish Kaushik and stars Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor in their fifth film together after Imtiaz Ali's "Jab We Met" (2007).
 Other members from the cast include Satish Shah, Aarti Chhabria, and Delnaaz Paul.
Fida (translation: Infatuated) is an Indian Hindi romantic thriller film released in 2004.
 The film, directed by Ken Ghosh, stars Fardeen Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Shahid Kapoor and Kim Sharma.
 This is the first film in which Kareena Kapoor played a negative role.
 The film just recovered it's budget.
Jab We Met (English: "When We Met") is a 2007 Indian romantic drama film directed and written by Imtiaz Ali.
 The film, produced by Dhillin Mehta under Shree Ashtavinayak Cinevision Ltd, stars Kareena Kapoor and Shahid Kapoor in their fourth film together with Dara Singh, Pavan Malhotra and Saumya Tandon in supporting roles.
Ki & Ka (English: "She and He" ) is a 2016 Indian romantic drama film written, directed, and produced by R. Balki.
 The film follows a young, married couple contradicting the gender roles placed upon women and men in Indian society.
 It stars Kareena Kapoor and Arjun Kapoor.
Udta Punjab (English: "Punjab On A High" ) is a 2016 Indian black comedy crime film co-written and directed by Abhishek Chaubey.
 It is loosely based on and revolves around the drug abuse by the youth population in the Indian state of Punjab and the various conspiracies surrounding it.
 Produced by Shobha Kapoor and Ekta Kapoor under their banner Balaji Motion Pictures, in association with Anurag Kashyap's production house Phantom Films, it features an ensemble cast consisting of Shahid Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor, Alia Bhatt and, Diljit Dosanjh.
Kanden Kadhalai (English: "I Saw My Love") is a 2009 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by R. Kannan of "Jayamkondaan" fame.
 The film, a remake of the 2007 Hindi blockbuster "Jab We Met" by Imtiaz Ali, stars Bharath and Tamannaah in the lead roles, originally played by Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor.
 The film was released on 30 October 2009 to mainly positive reviews.
Love U Zindagi is an Indian television series which premiered on 29 January 2011 on STAR Plus.
 The series is based on the story of a young, bold and bubbly girl Geet.
 The story is set in a Punjabi backdrop, and is loosely based on the Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor starrer Jab We Met.
Kareena Kapoor (] ; born 21 September 1980), also known by her married name Kareena Kapoor Khan, is an Indian actress who appears in Hindi films.
 She is the daughter of actors Randhir Kapoor and Babita, and the younger sister of actress Karisma Kapoor.
 Noted for playing a variety of characters in a range of film genres—from romantic comedies to crime dramas—Kapoor is the recipient of several awards, including six Filmfare Awards, and is one of Bollywood's most popular and highest-paid actresses.
