Mehdi Hashemi (1946 – 28 September 1987) was an Iranian Shi'a cleric who was defrocked by the Special Clerical Court.
 After the 1979 Iranian Revolution, he became a senior official in the Islamic Revolutionary Guards; he was executed by the Islamic Republic in its first decade.
 Officially he was guilty of sedition, murder, and related charges, but others suspect his true crime was opposition to the regime's secret dealings with the United States (see Iran–Contra affair).
The Media of Iran are privately and publicly owned but is subject to censorship.
 As of 2016, Iran had 178 newspapers, 83 magazines, 15,000 information sites and 2 million blogs.
 A special court has authority to monitor the print media and may suspend publication or revoke the licenses of papers or journals that a jury finds guilty of publishing anti-religious material, slander, or information detrimental to the national interest.
 The Iranian media is prohibited from criticizing the Islamic doctrines (as interpreted by the Iranian regime), former leader Ruhollah Khomeini, and current longtime leader Ali Khamenei.
The Statoil corruption case (Norwegian: Statoils Horton-sak) refers to Norwegian oil company Statoil’s misconduct and extensive use of corruption in Iran in 2002/2003 in an attempt to secure lucrative oil contracts for the company in that country.
 This was mainly achieved by hiring the services of Horton Investments, an Iranian consultancy firm owned by Mehdi Hashemi Rafsanjani, son of former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani.
 Horton Investments was paid USD 15,2 million by Statoil to influence important political figures in Iran to grant oil contracts to Statoil.
 The corruption scandal was uncovered by Norwegian paper "Dagens Næringsliv" on September 3, 2003.
 Although this case became infamous in the western media and Statoil was found guilty by the Norwegian courts no verdict was reported by the Iranian side regarding Mehdi Hashemi Rafsanjani's bribery case.
Hossein Marashi (Persian: حسین مرعشی‎ ‎ ; born 17 November 1958 in Rafsanjan) is an Iranian politician.
 He served as the Iranian Vice President for Cultural Heritage and Tourism from 2003 to 2005.
 Prior to that, Marashi represented Kerman in the Iranian parliament.
 He strongly backed opposition candidate Mousavi in the 2009 Iranian election.
 Mr Marashi is also reportedly a close ally of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, another former president.
 He has been speaker of the Executives of Construction Party.
 He has been named the head of vice president Eshaq Jahangiris campaign
Mehdi Hashemi Rafsanjani (Persian: مهدی هاشمی رفسنجانی‎ ‎ ; born 20 September 1969) is an Iranian businessman and the fourth child of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, former President of Iran.
 He is known as an Iranian ""Aghazadeh"".
Mehdi Hashemi (Persian: مهدی هاشمی‎ ‎ , born December 7, 1946 in Langrud, north of Iran) is an Iranian actor, screenwriter, and director.
Akbar Atri (Persian: اكبر عطرى) is an Iranian democracy and human rights activist.
 He is the co-founder and co-director of .
 Atri joined the Iranian student movement in 1995 and was elected to a central leadership role in Tahkim Vahdat, Iran’s largest and most prominent student organization, annually from 1997 to 2005.
 He is a founding member of Iranian Students for Democracy and Human Rights.
 He spoke widely at universities throughout the country, organized discussion forums and led student protests in favor of freedom of expression and democracy.
 Atri has been imprisoned, fined, and physically abused at the hands of the regime's militias for his human rights activism.
 Atri left Iran in 2005 and in the same year was sentenced in absentia to seven years in prison for defiling the Supreme Leader and for other crimes against the Iranian regime.
Mohammad Hashemi Rafsanjani (Persian: محمد هاشمی رفسنجانی‎ ‎ ) is an Iranian politician who has been a member of the Expediency Discernment Council since 1997.
 He served as vice president in charge of executive affairs during the presidency of his older brother, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, and later under President Mohammad Khatami.
 He was also the head of Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting.
 He was in office for 13 years and replaced by Ali Larijani in the post.
 Mohammad Hashemi is an alumnus of UC Berkeley.
Seyyed Mehdi Hashemi (Persian: سید مهدی هاشمی‎ ‎ ) is an Iranian former military officer and conservative politician who was formerly a member of the Parliament of Iran representing Tehran, Rey, Shemiranat and Eslamshahr.
 He is currently President of the Shooting Federation Islamic Republic of Iran.
Cyrus Hashemi (also spelled "Hashimi"; c.1942 - 21 July 1986 ) was an Iranian arms dealer linked to the Iran-Contra affair and October Surprise conspiracy theory.
 Hashemi was named by Robert Dreyfuss as a CIA and Mossad agent; Hashemi sued Dreyfuss and Lyndon LaRouche, whose "Executive Intelligence Review" had linked Hashemi to funding of Iranian terrorism, with the case dismissed in June 1983 due to Hashemi's failure to respond to legal documents.
 Hashemi died in 1986 in London in mysterious circumstances; the official cause of death was "a rare and virulent form of leukemia that was diagnosed only two days before Hashemi died."
