Neil Corbould (born 24 December 1962) is a British special effects supervisor best known for his work on major blockbuster films such as "Gladiator", "Saving Private Ryan", "" and "Black Hawk Down".
 He is the brother of fellow special effects supervisor Chris Corbould and Paul Corbould.
Vincent Cirelli is a special effects supervisor.
 Known for his works at Luma Pictures as a visual effects supervisor in acclaimed films such as "" (2007), "No Country for Old Men" (2007), "The Midnight Meat Train" (2008), "" (2008), "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" (2009), "The Book of Eli" (2010), "" (2011), "" (2012), "Prometheus" (2012), "The Avengers" (2012), "Saving Mr. Banks" (2013), "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014), "" (2015), "In the Heart of the Sea" (2015), "Deadpool" (2015) and "Doctor Strange" (2016), for which he received an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects nomination at the 89th Academy Awards.
Kaj Steveman (born 1968 in Stockholm) is a Swedish visual effects supervisor.
 He was the Founder and head of Fido Film, one of Sweden's most prominent special effects studios and is most known for his acclaimed work on the Swedish vampire films Let the Right One In and Frostbite.
 He was also visual effects supervisor for and Storm and worked as assistant director in the cult film Evil Ed.
 He worked as a make-up artist on The Hunters.
A special effects supervisor (also referred to as a special effects coordinator or SFX Supervisor) is an individual who works on a commercial, theater, television or film set creating special effects.
 The supervisor generally is the department head who defers to the film's director and/or producers, and who is in charge of the entire special effects team.
 Special effects include anything that is manual or mechanically manipulated (also called "practical effects" or in camera effects).
 This may include the use of mechanized props, special effects makeup, props, scenery, scale models, pyrotechnics and atmospheric effects: creating physical wind, rain, fog, snow, clouds etc.
Richard Bluff is an English special effects supervisor.
 Known for his works in Disney's visual effects company Industrial Light & Magic (ILM) as a digital matte artist and visual effects supervisor in acclaimed films such as "" (2005), "The Island" (2005), "Transformers" (2007-11), "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" (2008), "Star Trek" (2009), "Avatar" (2009), "The Avengers" (2012), "Cloud Atlas" (2012) "Pacific Rim" (2013), "The Big Short" (2015) and "Doctor Strange" (2016), for which he received an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects nomination at the 89th Academy Awards.
 He previously worked at Blur Studio as digital artist.
John Knoll (born October 6, 1962) is an American visual effects supervisor and chief creative officer (CCO) at Industrial Light & Magic (ILM).
 One of the original creators of Adobe Photoshop (along with his brother, Thomas Knoll), he has also worked as visual effects supervisor on the "Star Wars" prequels and the 1997 special editions of the original trilogy.
 He also served as ILM's visual effects supervisor for "Star Trek Generations" and "", as well as the "" series.
 Along with Hal Hickel, Charles Gibson and Allen Hall, Knoll and the trios work on "" earned them the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Oliver Jones is a British special effects supervisor.
 Known for his works at LAIKA as a visual effects supervisor in acclaimed films such as "Coraline" (2009), "ParaNorman" (2012), and "Kubo and the Two Strings" for which he received Academy Award for Best Visual Effects nomination at 89th Academy Awards, that he shared with Steve Emerson, Brian McLean, and Brad Schiff.
The untitled Avengers film is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
 It is intended to be the direct sequel to 2018's "", as well as the sequel to 2012's "Marvel's The Avengers" and 2015's "" and the twenty-second film installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
 The film is directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, with a screenplay by Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely, and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey, Jr., Josh Brolin, Mark Ruffalo, Tom Hiddleston, Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, Jeremy Renner, Chris Pratt, Elizabeth Olsen, Benedict Cumberbatch, Evangeline Lilly, Karen Gillan, Anthony Mackie, Tom Holland, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, Paul Bettany, Scarlett Johansson, Jon Favreau, Gwyneth Paltrow, Sebastian Stan, Don Cheadle, and Pom Klementieff.
Avengers: Infinity War is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
 It is intended to be the sequel to 2012's "Marvel's The Avengers" and 2015's "" and the nineteenth film installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
 The film is directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, with a screenplay by Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely, and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr., Josh Brolin, Mark Ruffalo, Tom Hiddleston, Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, Jeremy Renner, Chris Pratt, Elizabeth Olsen, Sebastian Stan, Benedict Cumberbatch, Paul Bettany, Cobie Smulders, Benedict Wong, Zoe Saldana, Karen Gillan, Vin Diesel, Dave Bautista, Bradley Cooper, Pom Klementieff, Scarlett Johansson, Benicio del Toro, Tom Holland, Anthony Mackie, Chadwick Boseman, Danai Gurira, Paul Rudd, and Don Cheadle.
 In "Avengers: Infinity War", the Avengers join forces with the Guardians of the Galaxy to confront Thanos, who is trying to amass the Infinity Stones.
Marvel's The Avengers (classified under the name Marvel Avengers Assemble in the United Kingdom and Ireland), or simply The Avengers, is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
 It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
 The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Tom Hiddleston, Clark Gregg, Cobie Smulders, Stellan Skarsgård, and Samuel L. Jackson.
 In the film, Nick Fury, director of the peacekeeping organization S.H.I.E.L.D., recruits Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, and Thor to form a team that must stop Thor's brother Loki from subjugating Earth.
