Project Censored the Movie: Ending The Reign of Junkfood News is a 2013 documentary film about the news media in the United States written and directed by Christopher Oscar and Doug Hecker.
 The film is based on the work by Project Censored, a media organization at Sonoma State University that publishes under-reported news stories.
 It was released in April 2013 at the Sonoma International Film Festival.
BBC Switch was the brand for BBC content aimed at UK teenagers.
 The brand launched on Saturday 20 October 2007 on BBC Two and ceased broadcasting on 18 December 2010.
 It included a block of television programmes on BBC Two, an online portal, and programming on the BBC's youth radio station, BBC Radio 1.
 It was BBC Two's second programming block aimed at teenagers, following on from DEF II.
Geoffrey Goodwin is a television and digital executive who has been active for 20 years in both the UK industry and his native Canada.
 Geoffrey was Head of Strategy for Drama, Entertainment, Comedy, Children’s and Film at the BBC from 2003 to 2007.
 He also wrote the BBC’s under 18s strategy with Andy Parfitt that helped set out the case for the BBC’s license fee negotiations in 2007.
 In 2007 Geoffrey set up BBC Switch; a multi-platform brand aimed at teenagers, which he ran for four years.
 In January 2013, after working for the then CEO of BBC Worldwide John Smith, Geoffrey founded his own production and talent management company, 40 Partners LTD.
Oscar Carrillo (November 22, 1921 - January 21, 2013) was born in Hebbronville, Texas in Jim Hogg County to David Carrillo (D.C. Chapa) and Emma Pena Carrillo Chapa.
 Mr. Carrillo graduated from Benavides High School and married Evangelina Garcia on March 23, 1941.
 Together they had ten children.
 Mr. Carrillo was a veteran of the U.S. Army in the second World War and was awarded a Bronze Star for his service.
 In 1947, at age 21, Carrillo became the youngest Mayor of the City of Benavides.
 Oscar Carrillo was elected as county attorney in 1960 and served for 10 years.
 Oscar Carillo served three terms as state representative of the 48th district from 1967 and 1973.
 He is remembered for his role in convincing Texas legislators to approve the Conally-Carrillo Act, which allowed thousands of Texans and low-income students to attend college area universities and is also credited with co-authoring legislation creating the University of Texas at San Antonio.
 The University of Texas at San Antonio conferred on him the degree of doctor of political science and doctor of laws.
Centro Cultural da Penha is a cultural center, a public facility aimed at the dissemination of culture, the spread knowledge and the appreciation of the history of the Penha (São Paulo) neighborhood where it is located.
 The site is connected to the Department of Cultural Expansion, the Secretary of Culture of the Municipality of São Paulo.
 It consists of the Mario Zan Cultural Space, Library José Paulo Paes, Theatre Martins Pena, the telecentre, recording studio Itamar Assumption, and study rooms on every floor of the building.
Backstage (aka Back Stage) is an entertainment-industry brand aimed at people working in film and the performing arts, with a special focus on casting, job opportunities, and career advice.
FourTwoNine (the numbers spell out "gay" on a cellphone keypad) is an American "glossy" print publication.
 "FourTwoNine" is an up-to-the-minute men’s brand aimed at thought influencers and cultural leaders of all genders.
 Created by some of the industry’s most prominent writers, editors, artists and photographers, each issue of "FourTwoNine" highlights the latest news in culture, style, sports, technology, business and politics, while casting a spotlight on the leaders and innovators who are driving contemporary culture.
Christopher Oscar Peña is a playwright, screenwright, actor and educator who resides in New York City.
 He teaches theater at NYU's Tisch School of Arts and is a member of the Playwrights Unit at Goodman Theatre in Chicago.
 He also has had work commissioned by Yale Repertory Theatre.
 Peña is the co-writer of the Golden Globe nominated TV series, Jane the Virgin and was on the "Future Broadway Power List," by Backstage (magazine) in 2014.
Promise is a brand of toothpaste that was launched in 1978 by Balsara hygiene in India.
 Initially, the brand was successful and commanded second highest marketshare after Colgate which was then the market leader.
 The success of the brand was attributed to the fact that it was positioned as a toothpaste made of clove oil, which is traditionally used in India to treat dental ailments.
 The brand's tagline was "The unique toothpaste with time-tested clove oil".
 Its brand ambassador was Maya Alagh.
 In 1994, the company launched a 2-in-1 gel under the Promise brand, however this product failed because it was aimed at the youth segment which did not relate to Promise's strong clove taste.
 In 2005, Promise was sold by Balsara to Dabur along with other Balsara toothpaste brands Babool and Meswak in a () deal.
DRUM is a South African family magazine mainly aimed at black readers containing market news, entertainment and feature articles.
 It has two sister magazines: "Huisgenoot" (aimed at White and Coloured Afrikaans-speaking readers) and "YOU" (aimed at demographically diverse South African English-speaking readers of different ethnicities to inform, inspire and entertain them by offering its own brand of coverage on current events and interesting people).
