Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger is the fifth major release of Mac OS X (now named macOS), Apple's desktop and server operating system for Mac computers.
 Tiger was released to the public on April 29, 2005 for US$129.95 as the successor to Mac OS X 10.3 Panther.
 Some of the new features included a fast searching system called Spotlight, a new version of the Safari web browser, Dashboard, a new ‘Unified’ theme, and improved support for 64-bit addressing on Power Mac G5s. Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger shocked executives at Microsoft by offering a number of features, such as fast file searching and improved graphics processing, that Microsoft had spent several years struggling to add to Windows with acceptable performance.
Mac OS X Jaguar, version 10.2, is the third major release of Mac OS X (now named macOS), Apple's desktop and server operating system.
 It superseded Mac OS X 10.1 and preceded Mac OS X Panther.
 The operating system was released on August 23, 2002 either for single-computer installations, and in a “family pack,” which allowed five installations on separate computers in one household.
 The operating system was generally well received by most Mac users as a large step forward in the areas of stability, general speed enhancements, compatibility with other flavors of Unix and the lineup of both graphical and terminal applications available; however, many critics, such as Amazon.com users, still claimed that significant user interface speed issues existed and that the operating system was still a big step down from Mac OS 9.
A Preference Pane (often abbreviated as prefpane) is a special dynamically loaded plugin in Mac OS X.
 Introduced in Mac OS X v10.0, the purpose of a Preference Pane is to allow the user to set preferences for a specific application or the system by means of a graphical user interface.
 Preference Panes are the OS X replacement to control panels. Prior to Mac OS X v10.4, collections of Preference Panes featured a "Show All" button to show all the panes in the collection and a customizable toolbar to which frequently-used preference panes could be dragged.
 In Mac OS X v10.3, the currently-active pane would also be highlighted in the toolbar when it was selected.
 With Mac OS X v10.4, this functionality was dropped in favor of a plain Show All button and back/forward history arrows.
Gatekeeper is a security feature of the macOS operating system by Apple.
 It enforces code signing and verifies downloaded applications before allowing them to run, thereby reducing the likelihood of inadvertently executing malware.
 Gatekeeper builds upon File Quarantine, which was introduced in Mac OS X Leopard and expanded in Mac OS X Snow Leopard.
 The feature originated in version 10.7.3 of Mac OS X Lion as the command-line utility spctl.
 A graphical user interface was added in OS X Mountain Lion and later also in version 10.7.5 of Lion.
System Information (previously known as System Profiler) is a software utility derived from field service diagnostics produced by Apple's Service Diagnostic Engineering team, at that time located in Apple satellite buildings in Campbell, California, that was bundled with the classic Mac OS since Mac OS 7.6 under the name Apple System Profiler.
 In Mac OS X v10.0, the first release of macOS, it was renamed System Profiler; with the release of Mac OS X 10.7 "Lion" it was again was renamed to System Information.
 Other new features in Lion are the ability to look up support information for the user's hardware model as well.
 In OS X Mountain Lion and later versions of macOS users can also access System Information by holding down the option key and "System Information..." will replace "About This Mac" in the Apple Menu.
SystemStarter is a system program in Mac OS X, started by Mac OS X's BSD-style init prior to Mac OS X v10.4 and by launchd in Mac OS X v10.4 and later releases, that starts system processes specified by a set of property lists. SystemStarter was originally written by Wilfredo Sanchez for Mac OS X.
 In Mac OS X v10.4, it was deprecated in favor of launchd, and kept in the system only to start system processes not yet converted to use launchd.
Mac OS X version 10.1, code named Puma, is the second major release of Mac OS X (now named macOS), Apple's desktop and server operating system.
 It superseded Mac OS X 10.0 and preceded Mac OS X 10.2.
 Version 10.1 was released on September 25, 2001 as a free update for Mac OS X 10.0 users.
A sparse image is a type of disk image file used on macOS that grows in size as the user adds data to the image, taking up only as much disk space as stored in it.
 Encrypted sparse image files are used to secure a user's home directory by the FileVault feature in Mac OS X Snow Leopard and earlier.
 Sparse images can be created using Disk Utility.
Mac OS X version 10.0, code named Cheetah, is the first major release of Mac OS X (later named OS X and then macOS), Apple’s desktop and server operating system.
 Mac OS X 10.0 was released on March 24, 2001 for a price of US$129.
 It was the successor of the Mac OS X Public Beta and the predecessor of Mac OS X 10.1.
QuickDraw is the 2D graphics library and associated Application Programming Interface (API) which is a core part of the classic Mac OS operating system.
 It was initially written by Bill Atkinson and Andy Hertzfeld.
 QuickDraw still existed as part of the libraries of Mac OS X, but had been largely superseded by the more modern Quartz graphics system.
 In Mac OS X v10.4, QuickDraw has been officially deprecated.
 In Mac OS X v10.5 applications using QuickDraw cannot make use of the added 64-bit support.
 In Mac OS X v10.8, QuickDraw header support was removed from the operating system.
 Applications using QuickDraw will still run under OS X 10.8 through macOS 10.12; however, the current versions of Xcode and the macOS SDK do not contain the header files to compile such programs.
