Michel Monnerie (born 1940) is a French UFO researcher regarded in some European circles as the pioneer of the psychosocial hypothesis (PSH).
 He authored two seminal works "Et si les OVNIs n’existaient pas?"
 ("And What if UFOs don’t exist?")
(1977) and "Le naufrage des Extra-terrestres" ("The Shipwreck of the Extraterrestrials")(1979) Prior to this, he was a member of the editorial board of "Lumières dans la Nuit", France’s most respected ufo magazine, but was fired after the second book was published.
Charles Hoy Fort (August 6, 1874 – May 3, 1932) was an American writer and researcher who specialized in anomalous phenomena.
 The terms "Fortean" and "Forteana" are sometimes used to characterize various such phenomena.
 Fort's books sold well and are still in print.
 His work continues to inspire admirers, who refer to themselves as "Forteans", and has influenced some aspects of science fiction.
Nancy Hayfield is an author, editor, and publisher.
 In 1979, she graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University.
 Nancy Hayfield's first novel "Cleaning House" was published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux in 1980.
 In 1985, writing under her married name of Nancy Birnes, Hayfield published "Cheaper and Better" at Harper & Row (now HarperCollins) and was the host of a PBS show called "Living Cheaper and Better".
 In 1990, she published "Zap Crafts" at Ten Speed Press, described in the Chicago Tribune as a "book of recreational fun"--"one of those oddities that is fun to thumb through."
 She was the editor of the McGraw-Hill Personal Computer Programming Encyclopedia in 1986 and 1989, the UFO Magazine UFO Encyclopedia in 2002.
 She was also the last editor-in-chief of UFO Magazine when that publication ceased publication.
 She is currently the editor-in-chief of Filament Books.
"UFO Magazine" was an American magazine that was devoted to the subject of unidentified flying objects (UFOs), the extraterrestrial hypothesis (ETH), as well as paranormal and Fortean subjects in general.
UFO Magazine was a British magazine devoted to the subject of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) and extraterrestrial life.
 It was founded in 1981 by brothers Graham and Mark Birdsall of Leeds, Yorkshire.
 The magazine was one of the success stories of ufology, with an international reputation for quality and a peak circulation of 35,000.
Captain Ernest Charles Hoy DFC (6 May 1895 –22 April 1982) was a Canadian First World War flying ace, officially credited with 13 victories.
 He later pioneered airmail flight over the Canadian Rockies.
Singapore Business Review is a business magazine that is published by Charlton Media Group.
 It has an audited circulation of 26,000 and a readership of 83,088 readers in Singapore and regionally.
 The magazine covers a wide array of topics and focuses on the Singaporean business landscape.
 The magazine covers conferences, roundtables and events held in Singapore that are related to the business environment in Singapore.
"Give My Regards to Davy" is Cornell University's primary fight song.
 The song's lyrics were written in 1905 by Charles E. Tourison 1905, W. L. Umstad 1906, and Bill Forbes 1906, a trio of roommates at Beta Theta Pi, and set to the tune of George M. Cohan's "Give My Regards to Broadway".
 The song refers to a fictional encounter between an anonymous student and David Fletcher "Davy" Hoy (for whom Hoy Field is named), the registrar and secretary for the committee on student conduct, and Thomas Frederick "Tee Fee" Crane, the Professor of Languages and the first Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences revolving around the student's expulsion on account of binge drinking.
 David Hoy was known for his ferocity as a strict disciplinarian.
 Professor Crane, on the other hand, was generally well liked among students.
 "Piker" is a historical slang term for a freshman.
 "Theodore Zinck's" was a bar in downtown Ithaca that has since closed.
 Its legend still lives on in the weekly event for seniors "Zinck's Night", which is celebrated worldwide in October by Cornellians.

Lieutenant Josef Raesch (born June 4, 1897, date of death unknown) was a World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories.
 Two of his victories were over other aces, Guy Wareing and Ernest Charles Hoy.
The Fortean Society was started in the United States in 1931 during a meeting held in the New York flat of Charles Hoy Fort in order to promote the ideas of American writer Charles Fort.
 The Fortean Society was primarily based in New York City.
 Its first president was Theodore Dreiser, an old friend of Charles Fort, who had helped to get his work published.
 Founding members of The Fortean Society included Tiffany Thayer, Booth Tarkington, Ben Hecht, Alexander Woollcott (and many of NYC's literati such as Dorothy Parker), and Baltimore writer H. L. Mencken.
 Other members included Vincent Gaddis, Ivan T. Sanderson, A. Merritt, Frank Lloyd Wright and Buckminster Fuller.
 The first 6 issues of the Fortean Society's newsletter "Doubt" were each edited by a different member, starting with Theodore Dreiser.
 Tiffany Thayer thereafter took over editorship of subsequent issues.
 Thayer began to assert extreme control over the society, largely filling the newsletter with articles written by himself, and excommunicating the entire San Francisco chapter, reportedly their most active, after disagreements over the society's direction, and forbidding them to use the name Fortean.
 During World War II, for example, Thayer used every issue of "Doubt" to espouse his politics.
 Particularly, he frequently expressed opposition to Civil Defense, going to such lengths as encouraging readers to turn on their lights in defiance to air raid sirens.
 In contrast to the spirit of Charles Fort, he not only dismissed flying saucers as nonsense, but also dismissed the atomic bomb as a hoax.
