Curtis Raymond Carlson (born May 22, 1945) was president and CEO of SRI International from 1998 to 2014 and is a prominent technologist and pioneer in developing and using innovation best practices.
 While CEO of SRI International, revenue tripled to $550 million per year and tens of billions of dollars of new marketplace value was created, such as through Siri, an SRI spin-off company that was bought by Steve Jobs at Apple.
 While Carlson was CEO Mayfield Ventures partner, David Ladd, said, “SRI is now the best enterprise at turning its technology into economic value.”
Kenneth A. May is a Memphis, Tennessee native, former CEO of FedEx Office, and chairman of the March of Dimes' board of trustees.
 In November 2011, he was appointed COO of Krispy Kreme, and in July 2014, May became President and CEO of Topgolf International, Inc.
Mountain Air Cargo (MAC) is an American cargo airline based in Denver, North Carolina.
 It is a major contract carrier for FedEx Express, operating in the eastern United States and the Caribbean region.
 Previous turboprop operations in South America have been discontinued by FedEx, which now operates jet aircraft in that area.
 MAC is one of the largest feeder airlines in the United States.
 Its main maintenance facility is at Kinston Regional Jetport.
 All of the ATR and C208 aircraft operated by Mountain Air are owned by Fedex Express, and are operated by MAC on a "dry lease" basis.
Value America or VA was a dot-com company founded in Nevada in 1996 by Craig Winn and Rex Scatena, and relocated to Charlottesville, Virginia in February 1998.
 Its business model involved connecting customers on the Web directly to manufacturers, with the intent of providing better pricing and faster shipping (a just-in-time model similar to those used by Wal-Mart and Dell).
 Customers could order a wide range of products from VA's website, then VA would transmit the orders directly to the manufacturers, and the manufacturers would then package the products and ship them directly to the customer.
 Winn referred to this concept as "convergence commerce".
 Value America was backed by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen's Vulcan Ventures and FedEx co-founder Frederick W. Smith.
Chris Larsen (born 1960) is an American business executive and angel investor best known for co-founding several Silicon Valley technology startups, including one based on peer to peer lending.
 In 1996 he co-founded the online mortgage lender E-Loan, and during his tenure as CEO E-Loan became the first company to freely provide consumers' FICO credit scores. By 2000 E-Loan's market value was estimated at $1 billion, and Larsen left the company when it was sold to Banco Popular in 2005.
 In 2006 he co-founded Prosper Marketplace, the first peer-to-peer lending marketplace in the United States, and he served as CEO until 2012.
 Later in 2012 he co-founded the company Ripple Labs, Inc., which developed Ripple, software that enables the instant and direct transfer of money between two parties.
 As of 2015 Larsen continues to serve as CEO.
Invasive species are a serious threat to the native biodiversity of South America and are an ongoing cost to South American agriculture.
 South America is an important region for the worlds biodiversity, and includes a wide variety of native species, many of which provide .
 Introduced species in South America, have the potential to pose harm to ecosystems of the region and the aforementioned biodiversity.
 Although many of these non-native species are invasive, residents of the region often value these species, making it more difficult to organize efforts to get rid of them.
 Because of the instrumental and cultural value placed on these species, greater awareness, research, and policy are all necessary steps in solving invasive issues in South America.
 Here is a list of just a few of the species that have invaded South America and where they originate.
Universal life insurance (often shortened to UL) is a type of cash value life insurance, sold primarily in the United States of America.
 Under the terms of the policy, the excess of premium payments above the current cost of insurance is credited to the cash value of the policy.
 The cash value is credited each month with interest, and the policy is debited each month by a cost of insurance (COI) charge, as well as any other policy charges and fees drawn from the cash value, even if no premium payment is made that month.
 Interest credited to the account is determined by the insurer, but has a contractual minimum rate (often 2%).
 When an earnings rate is pegged to a financial index such as a stock, bond or other interest rate index, the policy is an "Indexed Universal Life" contract.
 These types of policies offer the advantage of guaranteed level premiums throughout the insured's lifetime at substantially lower premium cost than an equivalent whole life policy at first; the cost of insurance is always increasing as found on the cost index table (usually p. 3 of a contract).
 This not only allows for easy comparison of costs between carriers, but also works well in irrevocable life insurance trusts (ILIT's) since cash is of no consequence.
Shareholder value is a business term, sometimes phrased as shareholder value maximization or as the shareholder value model, which implies that the ultimate measure of a company's success is the extent to which it enriches shareholders.
 It became popular during the 1980s, and is particularly associated with former CEO of General Electric, Jack Welch.
A chief executive officer (CEO) is the position of the most senior corporate officer, executive, leader or administrator in charge of managing an organization.
 CEOs lead a range of organizations, including public and private corporations, non-profit organizations and even some government organizations (e.g., Crown corporations).
 The CEO of a corporation or company typically reports to the board of directors and is charged with maximizing the value of the entity, which may include maximizing the share price, market share, revenues, or another element.
 In the non-profit and government sector, CEOs typically aim at achieving outcomes related to the organization's mission, such as reducing poverty, increasing literacy, etc.
 Titles also often given to the holder of CEO position include president, chief executive (CE), and managing director (MD), as well as representative director (RD) in Japan.
The Journal of Creating Value is a peer reviewed academic journal that focusses on creating value for customers and in turn creating value for the company and its stakeholders.
 Gautam Mahajan, CEO Customer Value Foundation is the founding editor of the Journal.
