Berta Geissmar (14 September 1892 Mannheim – 3 November 1949 London) was the secretary and business manager for two prominent orchestral conductors, Wilhelm Furtwängler and Sir Thomas Beecham.
 From 1922 until 1934, Geissmar worked for the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra and Furtwängler, including planning and organising foreign tours for the orchestra.
 Because of her Jewish heritage, she was forced to leave the post and her native Germany in late 1934.
 Fleeing to London, she gained a similar position with Thomas Beecham and the London Philharmonic Orchestra.
 She continued in this position until shortly before her death.
The Viola Concerto is a composition for viola and orchestra by the Scottish composer James MacMillan.
 The work was jointly commissioned by the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the Lucerne Symphony Orchestra, the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Adelaide Symphony Orchestra.
 Its world premiere was given by the violist Lawrence Power and the London Philharmonic Orchestra under the direction of Vladimir Jurowski in the Royal Festival Hall, London, on 15 January 2014.
 The piece is dedicated to Lawrence Power.
Jaime Martín (born 1 September 1965) is a Spanish orchestral conductor.
 He is the Artistic Director and Principal Conductor of the Gävle Symphony Orchestra and the Chief Conductor of the Orquesta de Cadaqués.
 Before his conducting career he was a flautist, and performed with the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, the Chamber Orchestra of Europe, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and the London Philharmonic Orchestra.
The Violin Concerto No. 2 is a composition for violin solo and orchestra by the Finnish composer Magnus Lindberg.
 The work was jointly commissioned by the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the Berlin Philharmonic, Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra, Radio France, and New York Philharmonic.
 Its world premiere was given by the violinist Frank Peter Zimmermann and the London Philharmonic Orchestra under the direction of Jaap van Zweden at Royal Festival Hall, London, on December 9, 2015.
 The piece is dedicated to Zimmermann.
"Incantations" for Percussion and Orchestra is a concerto for percussion and orchestra in three movements by the Finnish composer Einojuhani Rautavaara.
 The work was composed for the percussionist Colin Currie on a joint commission from the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Tampere Philharmonic Orchestra.
 The first performance was given in Royal Festival Hall, London by Currie and the London Philharmonic Orchestra under the conductor Yannick Nézet-Séguin on October 24, 2009.
Adam Schoenberg (born November 15, 1980) is one of the most performed living American composers.
 A member of the Atlanta School of Composers, his works have been performed by the Amarillo Symphony, Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra, Charleston Symphony Orchestra, Charlotte Symphony Orchestra, The Cleveland Orchestra, Dallas Symphony Orchestra, The Florida Orchestra, Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra, Grand Rapids Symphony, Jacksonville Symphony, Kansas City Symphony, Knoxville Symphony Orchestra, Lake Forest Symphony Orchestra, Lexington Philharmonic, Los Angeles Philharmonic, National Symphony Orchestra, New West Symphony, New World Symphony (orchestra), New York Philharmonic, Orlando Philharmonic Orchestra, Pacific Symphony, Phoenix Symphony, Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra, San Diego Symphony, South Carolina Philharmonic, Tallahassee Symphony Orchestra, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Symphony, among other ensembles.
 Schoenberg was the 2010-2012 guest composer for the Aspen Music Festival, the 2012-2013 composer-in-residence for the Kansas City Symphony, the 2013-2014 composer-in-residence for the Lexington Philharmonic, and the 2015-2017 composer-in-residence for the Fort Worth Symphony.
 Schoenberg's honors include a 2009 and 2010 MacDowell Colony fellowship, the 2007 Morton Gould Young Composer Award from ASCAP, and the 2006 Charles Ives Prize from the American Academy of Arts & Letters.
Sir Harold Malcolm Watts Sargent (29 April 1895 – 3 October 1967) was an English conductor, organist and composer widely regarded as Britain's leading conductor of choral works.
 The musical ensembles with which he was associated included the Ballets Russes, the Huddersfield Choral Society, the Royal Choral Society, the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, and the London Philharmonic, Hallé, Liverpool Philharmonic, BBC Symphony and Royal Philharmonic orchestras.
 Sargent was held in high esteem by choirs and instrumental soloists, but because of his high standards and a statement that he made in a 1936 interview disputing musicians' rights to tenure, his relationship with orchestral players was often uneasy.
 Despite this, he was co-founder of the London Philharmonic, was the first conductor of the Liverpool Philharmonic as a full-time ensemble, and played an important part in saving the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra from disbandment in the 1960s.
Two Episodes is a composition for orchestra by the Finnish composer Magnus Lindberg.
 The work was commissioned by the London Philharmonic Orchestra, for which Lindberg is composer-in-residence, and co-commissioned by The Proms, the Helsinki Festival, and the Casa da Música.
 It was first performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra under the direction of Vladimir Jurowski in the Royal Albert Hall, London, on July 24, 2016.
Avi Ostrowsky is a music director originally from Israel.
 He studied with Gary Bertini and Mordechai Seter in the Rubin Academy of Tel Aviv.
 He then studied with Hans Swarowsky in the Vienna Academy of Music and with Franco Ferrara in Italy.
 While studying in Vienna his talent was rapidly recognized by his teachers which permitted him to coast through the three year programme in only two years.
 In 1968, he won the first prize in the Nikolai Malko contest in Copenhagen.
 That same year he became artistic director of the Haifa Symphony Orchestra, position which he held until 1972.
 In 1970 he established the Israel Kibbutz Orchestra, which he directed until 1974 and again from 1998 to 2003.
 In 1973 he founded the Beer Sheva Sinfonietta and directed it until 1978 when he was named director of the Antwerp Philharmonic Orchestra, position which he held until 1984.
 From 1989 to 1993 he led the Radio Norway Symphonica.
 Since then he has been invited to conduct many orchestras around the world.
 London Philharmonic Orchestra, London Symphony Orchestra, Philharmonia, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, BBC Philharmonic, OFUNAM, Amsterdam Philharmonic Orchestra, Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra, Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra, South African National Youth Orchestra and Hungarian National Philharmonic are among the ones interested in his working with them.
 He toured Australia with the London Philharmonic Orchestra.
Pride: The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra Plays U2 is a U2 tribute album recorded by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in May 1998.
 It was released on April 20, 1999.
 Although it was released in 1999, it contains no material more recent than on U2's 1991 album "Achtung Baby".
 The album was re-released on June 23, 2003 under the title The Hits of U2.
