The National Student Educational Fund (NSEF) was founded in the 1970s in Washington, D.C. as a non-profit research group.
 Founder Layton Olson created the group using staff from the National Student Lobby (NSL) and the National Student Association (NSA).
 NSEF issued several reports and books on issues related to students and post-secondary education.
 Later, after NSA and NSL merged into the United States Student Association (USSA), NSEF was absorbed into USSA.
Robert Goodnough (October 23, 1917 – October 2, 2010) was an American abstract expressionist painter.
 A veteran of World War II, Goodnough was one of the last of the original generation of the New York School; (although he has been referred to as a member of the "second generation" of Abstract Expressionists), even though he began exhibiting his work in galleries in New York City in the early 1950s.
 Robert Goodnough was among the 24 artists from the total of 256 participants who were included in the famous 9th Street Art Exhibition, (1951) and in all the following New York Painting and Sculpture Annuals from 1953 to 1957.
 These Annuals were important because the participants were chosen by the artists themselves.
 Early in his career starting in 1950 he showed his paintings at the Wittenborn Gallery, NYC.
 He had shown at the Tibor de Nagy Gallery in New York City from 1952 to 1970 and again from 1984 to 1986.
 In 1960 and 1961 he had solo exhibitions at The Art Institute of Chicago.
 A veteran of scores of solo exhibitions and hundreds of group exhibitions in the United States and abroad, Goodnough also had solo exhibitions in 1969 at the Whitney Museum of American Art in NYC and the Albright-Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo.
 In later years his paintings were also associated with the Color Field movement.
The Jacksons Story, an album released on Hip-O Select/UTV Records on August 28, 2007, covers fourteen years of hit singles scored by the R&B group Jacksons between 1969 and 1982.
 It not only covers the quintet's (or sextet's) early years as the princes of Motown during the late 1960s and early 1970s, their disco innovations in the mid-1970s while still in Motown (1974) and their later funk/disco period while recording for CBS Records and its two divisions: Philadelphia International (197–1977) and Epic (1977–1981) during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
 For further historical value, the collection also includes solo hit singles by the sole two Jackson brothers who scored solo success including Jermaine's 1979 smash, "Let's Get Serious" and Michael's hits spanning from 1971's "Got to Be There", 1972's "Rockin' Robin" and "Ben", 1979's "Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough" and 1983's legendary "Billie Jean".
Heavy metal drumming is a style of rock music drumkit playing that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States.
 With roots in blues rock and psychedelic/acid rock drum playing, heavy metal drummers play with emphatic beats, and overall loudness using an aggressive performing style.
 Heavy metal (or "metal") drumming is traditionally characterized by emphatic rhythms and dense bass guitar-and-drum sound.
 The essence of metal drumming is creating a loud, constant beat for the band using the "trifecta of speed, power, and precision".
Disco is a musical style originating in New York City in the early 1970s, and remained urban and largely underground until the middle of the decade when it began to emerge from America's urban nightlife scene, where it had been curtailed to house parties and makeshift discotheques, and began making regular appearances mainstream, gaining popularity and increasing airplay on radio.
 It achieved popularity during the mid-1970s to the early 1980s.
 Its initial audiences in the U.S. were club-goers from the gay, African American, Italian American, Latino, and psychedelic communities in Philadelphia and New York City during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
 Disco can be seen as a reaction against both the domination of rock music and the stigmatization of dance music by the counterculture during this period.
 Disco was popular with both men and women from many different backgrounds, with dances including The Bump (1974), The Hustle (1975).
Ranch (also known as; American ranch, California ranch, rambler, or rancher) is a domestic architectural style originating in the United States.
 The ranch house is noted for its long, close-to-the-ground profile, and wide open layout.
 The house style fused modernist ideas and styles with notions of the American Western period of wide open spaces to create a very informal and casual living style.
 While the original style of the ranch was very informal and basic in design, starting around the early 1960s, many ranch homes constructed in the United States (particularly in the Sun Belt region) were increasingly built with more dramatic features like varying roof lines, cathedral ceilings, sunken living rooms, and extensive landscaping and grounds.
New school is a tattooing style originating as early as the 1970s and influenced by some features of old school tattooing in the United States.
 The style is often characterized by the use of heavy outlines, vivid colors, and exaggerated depictions of the subject.
 New school also represents a transition towards openness in the sharing of techniques in tattooing.
"Dark Star" is a song released as a single by the Grateful Dead on Warner Bros. records in 1968.
 It was written by lyricist Robert Hunter and composed by lead guitarist Jerry Garcia; however, compositional credit is sometimes extended to include Phil Lesh, Bill Kreutzmann, Mickey Hart, Ron "Pigpen" McKernan, and Bob Weir.
 "Dark Star" was an early Grateful Dead classic and became one of their most loved and anticipated numbers, often with the group using it as a vehicle for musical improvisation sessions that extended beyond the original structure of the song.
 The song is included in The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll list and was ranked at number 57 on Rolling Stone's 100 Greatest Guitar Songs of All Time.
 "Dark Star" was often the basis for jamming during the Dead's live shows, allowing the band to employ techniques typical of improvisational jazz.
Go Grrrls is a gender-specific intervention curriculum for early adolescent girls that tries to promote a positive transition to adulthood.
 It is a social skills building and psychoeducational program administered in a group setting—targeted towards girls in their early teens.
 When compared to a control group using a self-reported evaluation, the program has shown a positive effect on girls' self-efficacy, body image and assertiveness.
 A pilot program was launched in 1995 and a final version was published in 1999.
 It is administered by a team of two or more co-facilitators.
 The program was designed by Craig LeCroy and Janice Daley.
 LeCroy also published an experimental evaluation of the program.
The Muffins are an American Maryland-based progressive rock/avant-jazz group.
 They were formed in Washington, DC in the early 1970s and recorded four albums before disbanding in 1981.
 In 1998 the group reformed and recorded a further five albums and a DVD.
 The Muffins played at Symphony Space on Broadway in NYC with Marion Brown in 1979, and also performed at a number of festivals, starting with the ZU Manifestival in New York City in 1978, The Villa Celimontana festival in Rome, Italy in 2000, two appearances at Progday in 2001 and 2002, NEARfest in 2005, and the "Rock in Opposition" festival in France in 2009.
 In 2010, The Muffins headlined at Progday, making a third appearance at this long running festival.
