In It to Win It is the eighth studio album by American rock band Saliva.
 It is the first album to feature singer Bobby Amaru, after Josey Scott left the band in 2012.
 The album was temporarily released via Rum Bum Records on September 3, 2013.
 The album is no longer available for purchase as the band rereleased the album as "Rise Up" features all of its songs except "Animal", "Flesh", and "I.D.N.A.E".
"We Bring an Arsenal" was supposed to be the second single from "Weapons", the fifth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets, planned to be released 4 June 2012.
 It has been released to rock radio since this date in the United States, but the single has yet to be officially released in the UK as of 5 June 2012, but will unlikely happen due to Ian Watkins's imprisonment in 2013.
 It was first played live on 25 February 2012 at Brisbane, Australia.
Under Your Skin is the seventh studio album by American rock band Saliva.
 It is the final album to feature singer Josey Scott, who left the band in 2012.
 It was released on March 22, 2011.
 Prior to release, the album had been titled both "Take That Society" and "Skin Deep".
Josey Scott (born Joseph Scott Sappington; May 3, 1972) is the former lead vocalist of the rock band Saliva.
 In addition to Saliva, Scott co-wrote and performed "Hero" (which was used as one of the theme songs to the 2002 film "Spider-Man") with Chad Kroeger of Nickelback.
"For He's a Jolly Good Felon" is the third single from the album "The Betrayed", the fourth album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets.
 According to the band's mailing list, the single is set to be released on 11 April 2010.
 The single's formats will include 7" vinyl (to be released on 12 April), a digital download, an iTunes single (including a live version of "Dirty Little Heart"), and a remix version by L'Amour La Morgue (Ian Watkins' side project).
 The cover for the single was posted to Dragonninja.com on 1 March 2010.
"Always" is the first single off the album "Back into Your System" by the rock band Saliva with lead vocalist Josey Scott.
 It made it to number 1 on the Modern Rock Tracks for one week in February 2003, and has been Saliva's most successful hit, peaking at #51 on the Hot 100.
"Family Reunion" is the first single from Saliva's sixth studio album, "Cinco Diablo".
 Lead singer Josey Scott has said that the song is about meeting their fans on the road.
 The song peaked at #14 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in 2008.
Lostprophets were a Welsh rock band from Pontypridd, Wales formed in 1997.
 Founded by lead vocalist and lyricist Ian Watkins, bassist (later guitarist) Mike Lewis, drummer Mike Chiplin and guitarist Lee Gaze, they were originally a side-project to hardcore punk band Public Disturbance.
 They were also part of the Cardiff music scene.
"Where We Belong" is the second single from the album "The Betrayed", the fourth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets.
 It was released on 4 January 2010.
 Vocalist Ian Watkins commented to "Kerrang!
": "Where We Belong might sound really happy and catchy, but if you really listen to the lyrics I could be saying that we belong in hell."
 The single reached No. 32 on the Official UK top 40 on 10 January 2010.
 The track was described by the band as their "love letter to being home," having written the song after returning to their native Wales after recording in Los Angeles.
"Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja" is a song by Welsh rock band Lostprophets.
 Written by frontman Ian Watkins, the song was released in 2001 as the first single from the band's debut studio album, "The Fake Sound of Progress".
 It was the only charting single on the "Billboard" charts from the album, and was still on the band's tour setlist when they broke up in 2013.
