"My Avatar" is the fifth Japanese single by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 5th Japanese single album of the same name.
 This single was released physically on March 26, 2014.
Romeo (Korean: 로미오 ) is the second EP of South Korean boy group Shinee.
 It was released on May 25, 2009 in South Korea under the seal of the label S.M. Entertainment.
 The EP consists of six tracks including the title song "Juliette" and is Shinee's first Korean release after nine months hiatus.
 On August 29, 2011 a Japanese version of "Juliette" was released as Shinee's second Japanese single with the original Japanese song "Kiss Kiss Kiss" as a B-side.
 The release peaked at #3 on the weekly Oricon chart.
"Startup!"
 (Japanese スタートアップ！) is a Japanese-language song, and the sixth Japanese single, by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 6th Japanese single album of the same name.
 The single was released physically on May 28, 2014.
"Go Go Summer!"
 (GO GO サマー!
 , Gō Gō Samā! )
 is the fourth Japanese single of South Korean girl group Kara.
 The song was released digitally on iTunes Japan on June 22, 2011, while the full single was physically released on June 29, 2011.
 It is the group's second Japanese single to sell over 100,000 copies during its first week, following their third single, “Jet Coaster Love“, which sold 123,000 copies during its first week.
 It was certified gold by the RIAJ in June 2011 for physical copies shipped to stores.
 It was also the group's first single to be nominated for the "Best Song Award" at the Japan Record Awards.
"Love Bingo!"
 is the second Japanese single released by Korean boy group The Boss.
 It was released on June 15, 2011 on the Japanese label Sony Music Entertainment.
L.U.V is the fifth Japanese single of the South Korean boy group, BTOB.
 It was released on June 15, 2016 by Kiss Entertainment.
 The single album also peaked at #1 on the Daily and Weekly Oricon Singles Chart, making it BTOB's first Japanese single to reach number 1.
 It sold more than 62,000 copies on its first day, and 77,000 copies on its first week.
 The song also reached number-one on the Billboard Japan Hot 100.
"Coming Over" is the second Japanese single album by the South Korean boy group EXO.
 It was released on December 7, 2016 by Avex Trax in Japan.
 In South Korea, the single was released on January 4, 2017.
 The single features six tracks, including three original songs.
"Glider" is a Japanese-language song, and the seventh Japanese single, by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their seventh Japanese single album of the same name.
 This was their restart single after a short hiatus in the Japanese market and their first single released under Kiss Entertainment.
 The single was released physically on June 1, 2016.
"Jackpot" is a Japanese-language song, and the eighth Japanese single, by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their eighth Japanese single album of the same name.
 This was their second single released under Kiss Entertainment in the Japanese market.
 The single was released physically on November 2, 2016.
"Pinky Santa" is the fourth Japanese single by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 4th Japanese single album of the same name which features Japanese actor and actress Taishi Nakagawa and Aoi Yoshikura as its PV models.
 This single is an original song and was released physically on November 20, 2013.
