The Big Twenty Township is an administrative division in Aroostook County in northern Maine.
 It is one of the largest townships in Maine, and contains Estcourt Station, a village of four people that is the northernmost point in Maine.
 The township also contains the northernmost point in New England and one of the northernmost points in the continental United States.
The Communications Museum (; Portuguese: "Museu das Comunicações" ) is a museum in Nossa Senhora de Fátima, Macau, China.
Cedros is a "freguesia" ("civil parish") in the northern part of the municipality of Horta on the island of Faial in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
 The population in 2011 was 907, in an area of 24.5 km2 .
 The northernmost parish on the island, it is located 19 km northwest of Horta and is linked via the "Estrada Regional E.R. 1-1ª" roadway to the rest of the island.
 The tree-covered hills and pasture-lands cover the interior, and hedged farmlands extend to the Atlantic coastline cliffs, a natural plateau above the sea, that was settled by early Flemish and Spanish colonists in the late part of the 15th century.
 Primarily an agricultural community, the population is comparable in size to other parishes on the island, though this has decreased by half since the 1950s (when there were approximately 2000 inhabitants).
 Today, it remains an agricultural centre of the island of Faial, anchored by the "Cooperativa Agrícola dos Lactícinios do Faial", one of the primary rural industries on the island, responsible for sales of milk, cheese and butter.
Museum für Kommunikation ("Communications Museum") is the name of several museums in German-speaking countries, including:
The Canadian Postal Museum (CPM) was a museum once housed within the Canadian Museum of Civilization in Gatineau, Quebec.
 It was described by the Smithsonian Museum as being one of the five largest postal museums in the world, ranking second in annual attendance.
 The museum was not primarily about postage stamps, although it has a first-class collection that numbered in the tens of thousands.
 Rather, it presented the broader story of Canada’s postal heritage, including the social and economic importance of postal communications throughout the country’s history.
 It also explored international themes relating to postal communications.
Freguesia de Nossa Senhora de Fátima is the northernmost and largest freguesia (parish) in Macau Peninsula, Macau.
 It has an area of 2.7 km2 and a population of 126,000, which constitutes about 40.3% of the peninsula's land mass and one-third of the population.
 It consists mostly of land reclaimed from the sea,Natural land comprises only a quarter of its current size.
 It was developed from farmlands in the 1960s and 1970s, to become an industrial area.
 Forty-one percent of Macau's factories are located in the parish.
The Ootu Peninsula, though connected to the main island of Aitutaki atoll of the Cook Islands, may in many respects be considered as one of the reef islands, being the largest and longest of them.
 It is located at the northern end of the eastern perimeter of Aitutaki Lagoon to the north and then west of the northernmost true reef island, Akitua, from which is separated by a channel 50 metres wide and less than two metres deep.
 The southernmost point of the peninsula is called "Aumoana".
 The northernmost point of the peninsula, "Teaumera", is also the northernmost point of Aitutaki as a whole.
 In the northeast is "Kopu a Ruatapu", a boat passage through the fringing coral reef.
Freguesia da Sé is a southeast freguesia of the Macau Peninsula.
 It is the second largest peninsular district in Macau after Freguesia de Nossa Senhora de Fátima.
 The freguesia area is named for "Igreja da Sé".
The Museo del Objeto del Objeto (Museum of the Object ["purpose"] of the Object ["item"]), or MODO, is a museum in Mexico City and the first museum in Mexico dedicated to design and communications.
 It was opened in 2010 based on a collection of commercial packaging, advertising, graphic arts, common devices and many other objects dating back to 1810 collected by Bruno Newman over more than forty years.
 The museum is dedicated to the preservation of its collection of more than 30,000 items from two centuries, and it is dedicated to the research in the history of design and communications, as well as the promotion of collecting in general.
 The museum offers workshops, seminars, conferences and other activities intended to promote design and communication.
The Military Communications and Electronics Museum (Musée de l'électronique et des communications militaires) is a military signals museum on Ontario Highway 2 at CFB Kingston in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
 A member organisation of the Organization of Military Museums of Canada, the communications museum was established at the base in 1961 and moved to its current purpose-built building in 1996.
