Ali Pahlavan (Persian: علی پهلوان‎ ‎ ) (born 1 May 1975) is an Iranian musician, singer-songwriter, lyricist and composer.
 He started his professional music career in 1999 by establishing the first Iranian pop band, Arian (Persian: گروه آریان‎ ‎ ).
 The band subsequently achieved nationwide success in the 2000s with the albums "Sunflower" (Persian: "گل آفتابگردون"‎ ‎ ), "And but love" (Persian: "و اما عشق"‎ ‎ ), "Till eternity" (Persian: "تا بی نهایت"‎ ‎ ) and "Without you, with you" (Persian: "بی تو، با تو"‎ ‎ ).
 Their second album has the record of best selling pop album in the history of pop music in Iran.
Rahim Rahmanzadeh (Persian: رحیم رحمان‌زاده‎ ‎ ; born 13 June 1934 in Shabestar, East Azerbaijan) is an Iranian-German academic, physician, surgeons and professor at University of Berlin and University of Mainz.
 Rahmanzadeh president of the international center for bone and joint surgery berlin.
Abdolreza Razmjoo (persian:"عبدالرضا رزمجو" ) is a composer, arranger and singer Tenor of Iran kurdish ancestry from kermansha.
 Razmjoo was born in February 1975 in Kermanshah.
 At the age of 14, he began playing Tanbur.
 after a few months to learn the basic persian music pay Tar and Setar.
 he is Orchestration principles he learned from expert instructors.
 In Fajer's Festival he was selected as the best soloist of Tar in 1993.
 He has written three pieces for symphony orchestra (kermansha)(Iran)(sleep).
He is also active in sound track from such can be noted persian language:"صورت زخمی". "
کی به کیه".
Mohammad-Reza Shajarian (Persian: محمدرضا شجريان‎ ‎ ; ] ) (born 23 September 1940, Mashhad, Razavi Khoarasan, Iran) is an internationally and critically acclaimed Iranian classical singer, composer and "Ostad" (master) of Persian traditional music.
 He has been called "Iran's greatest living maestro of Persian classical music."
 Shajarian is also known for his skills in Persian calligraphy, and humanitarian activities.
Peyman Yazdanian (Persian: پیمان یزدانیان‎ ‎ , born 1968) is a famous and awarded Iranian pianist and music composer.
 As a composer, he has written over forty pieces for solo piano and has composed for both national and foreign featured films.
 He has also written original soundtracks for plays and multimedia.
 He has introduced a new form of expressionism based on Persian motives and its oriental moods.
Abdolvahab Shahidi (Persian: عبدالوهاب شهيدی‎ ‎ ) is a prominent Iranian barbat player, singer and composer in the classical style born on 1922 in Meymeh (of Isfahan province).
 He is noted as one of the contemporary pioneers of Persian music by BBC Persian.
Persian Surgery Dervishes is a recording of two live solo electric organ concerts, the first held in Los Angeles on 18 April 1971 and the second in Paris on 24 May 1972, by avant-garde minimalist composer Terry Riley, following his "A Rainbow in Curved Air" and "In C".
 The two very different performances of the same composition "Persian Surgery Dervishes" are meant to show the importance of improvisation in Riley's music.
 Riley plays a modified Yamaha electric organ tuned in just intonation.
Tofigh Mussivand (Lurish: Tufi Mussivend, Persian:توفیق موسیوند), born c. 1943 in Varkaneh, Hamadan Province, Iran) is an Iranian-Canadian medical engineer who invented an Artificial Cardiac Pump, a device that pumps blood and takes over the function of breathing during a heart surgery.
Thomas Christian David (December 22, 1925 – January 19, 2006) was an Austrian composer, conductor, choral conductor, and flutist.
 David was born in Wels, Upper Austria in 1925.
 He moved to Germany in 1934 at the age of nine with his father, composer Johann Nepomuk David, and mother.
 Thomas's younger brother, Lukas David, (born 1934) later became a violinist.
 In 1967, at the age of forty-two, he married (Persian: منصوره قصری‎ ‎ ), a Persian Opera singer and they moved to Iran.
 David was the chief conductor of the orchestra of the National Iranian Television NITV, and also taught at the University of Tehran for seven years until 1973.
 He had an enormous and invaluable role in the growth and development of the Classical music in Iran.
 He conducted numerous masterpieces in different venues in Iran from late 1960s to late 1990s.
Sima Bina (Persian: Simā Binā‎ ‎ ) (born January 4, 1945 in Birjand, Iran) is notable Persian classical musician, an Iranian composer, researcher, painter and teacher, described by Radio WDR Germany as the „grand lady of iranian folk music“, a leading Iranian classical singer and songwriter.
 A lifetime of dedicated work on Persian folk music has made Master Sima Bina a legendary character in the history of Iranian music
