Elemund (Latin: "Elemundus", died 548) was king of the Gepids, an east Germanic people, during the first half of the 6th century.
 He may have ascended by overthrowing the Ardariking dynasty, the line of Gepid kings descended from king Ardaric.
 Basing himself on archaeological evidence, István Boná believes that in the 520s or 530s Elemund must have consolidated his power in Transylvania by submitting or removing minor Gepid rulers.
 Elemund had a son and daughter, Ostrogotha and Austrigusa respectively; the latter was given in marriage to Wacho, the king of the Lombards, in 512.
 The reasons behind the marriage were multiple: on one side it protected the two kings from the threat represented by the Ostrogothic Kingdom, while on the other it reduced the danger represented to the Lombard king by Ildechis, a pretender to the Lombard throne.
 Wacho was eventually to remarry after Austrigusa's death, but this did not compromise the good relations existing between Lombards and Gepids.
 Elemund died of illness in 548 and was succeeded by Thurisind, while the legitimate heir was forced into exile.
 Ostrogotha found hospitality among the Lombards, but was to be killed in 552 by his host, King Audoin, as part of a plan to ease relations among Gepids and Lombards.
A list of church synods held in the Frankish kingdom and its immediate predecessors in the Frankish area, including the Visigothic Kingdom, the Ostrogothic Kingdom, and the Kingdom of Burgundy.
The Ostrogothic Kingdom, officially the Kingdom of Italy (Latin: "Regnum Italiae"), was established by the Ostrogoths in Italy and neighbouring areas from 493 to 553.
Ravenna (] , also locally ] ; Romagnol: "Ravèna" ) is the capital city of the Province of Ravenna, in the Emilia-Romagna region of Northern Italy.
 It was the capital city of the Western Roman Empire from 402 until that empire collapsed in 476.
 It then served as the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom until it was re-conquered in 540 by the Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Empire.
 Afterwards, the city formed the centre of the Byzantine Exarchate of Ravenna until the invasion of the Lombards in 751, after which it became the seat of the Kingdom of the Lombards.
Ostrogothic Ravenna refers to the time period in which Ravenna was the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom in Italy.
 Ravenna is a city in Northeastern Italy that served as the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom which existed between 493 and 553 CE.
 During that time Ravenna saw a great renovation, in particular under Theodoric the Great (454–526).
 During his rule Ravenna saw many of its finest monuments constructed or renovated including the Basilica of Sant'Apollinare Nuovo, the Palace of Theoderic and Mausoleum of Theodoric.
 Many of these monuments reflected Theodoric's, as well as the Goths as a people, religion of Arian Christianity.
 Though an Arian Christian himself, Theodoric's rule was a time of religious tolerance in the city of Ravenna.
 His religious tolerance extended also to forging a balance between the Romans and Goths in Ravenna.
 Theodoric attempted to model Ravenna as a capital equivalent to that of Rome or Constantinople and as such was a defender of classical antiquity in a western world that saw much of its classical heritage disappearing.
The Second Council of Orange (or Second Synod of Orange) was held in 529 at Orange, which was then part of the Ostrogothic Kingdom.
 It affirmed much of the theology of Augustine of Hippo, and made numerous proclamations against what later would come to be known as semi-Pelagian doctrine.
Bleschames was a Persian military officer, who first served the Sasanian Empire and from 541 the Byzantine Empire.
 He is first mentioned in 531 as the head of the Sasanian garrison of the fortress Sisauranon, where he was defeated by an Byzantine army under Belisarius, who took him captive and sent him to the Byzantine capital of Constantinople.
 However, he did not stay there for long, and was sent to Italy in order to fight the Ostrogothic Kingdom, while some of his men were sent to fight under Artabazes.
 Nothing else is known of his life.
The Gothic War between the Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Empire during the reign of Emperor Justinian I and the Ostrogothic Kingdom of Italy took place from 535 until 554 in Italy, Dalmatia, Sardinia, Sicily and Corsica.
 Historians commonly divide the war into two phases:
The Ostrogothic Papacy was a period from 493 to 537 where the papacy was strongly influenced by the Ostrogothic Kingdom, if the pope was not outright appointed by the Ostrogothic King.
 The selection and administration of popes during this period was strongly influenced by Theodoric the Great and his successors Athalaric and Theodahad.
 This period terminated with Justinian I's (re)conquest of Rome during the Gothic War (535–554), inaugurating the Byzantine Papacy (537-752).
Ornella Fiorentini is an Italian poet and writer born in Ravenna, Italy, living and working in Ravenna, Italy.
