WMS Gaming is a manufacturer of slot machines, video lottery terminals and software to help casinos manage their gaming operations.
 It also offers online and mobile games.
 The company is based in Chicago, Illinois.
 WMS is a subsidiary of WMS Industries, which became a wholly owned subsidiary of Scientific Games Corporation in 2013.
Bose Corporation makes the L1 Portable Systems.
 When introduced in 2003 they were called Personalized Amplification Systems for Musicians.
 Bose has been actively encouraging the use of the term L1 for this product line as the L1 portable line array.
 Colloquially it was known as PAS (Personalized Amplification System) but the acronym is a registered trademark of another company.
John R. Koza is a computer scientist and a former consulting professor at Stanford University, most notable for his work in pioneering the use of genetic programming for the optimization of complex problems.
 He was a cofounder of Scientific Games Corporation, a company which built computer systems to run state lotteries in the United States.
 John Koza is also credited with being the creator of the 'scratch card' with the help of retail promotions specialist Daniel Bower.
Scientific Games Corporation is an American company that provides gambling products and services to lottery and gambling organizations worldwide.
 The company is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Products include electronic gaming machines, table games, iGaming and iLottery products, instant lottery games, lottery gaming systems, terminals and services, internet applications, server-based interactive gambling terminals, and gambling control systems.
Night of the Ninja is a role-playing game published by IIE Games Corporation (Canada) in 1986.
Bally Technologies, Inc. is a manufacturer of slot machines and other gaming technology based in Enterprise, Nevada.
 It is owned by Scientific Games Corporation.
Atari Games Corp. v. Oman is court case dealing with the copyright status of a video game.
 "Breakout" is a paddle and ball video game created by the plaintiff, Atari Games Corporation, which was released in 1976.
 Eleven years later, in 1987, the plaintiff sought registration for the work with the US Copyright Office.
 On February 13, 1987 and again on May 22, 1987, Copyright Registrar Ralph Oman refused to register the work because it "did not contain at least a minimum amount of original pictorial or graphic authorship, or authorship in sounds".
 Atari challenged Oman's use of discretion not to award the game copyright protection.
Casino War is a proprietary casino table game based on the game of War.
 It is distributed by Shuffle Master, a division of Scientific Games.
 The game is one of the most easily understood casino card games, and is one of the only card games where players can beat the dealer more than 50% of the time.
A pickle lifter is a device for elevating food from a container to make it more accessible for extraction.
 Typically, they assist in raising pickles and cornichons from a brine solution towards the top of a jar.
 Ones that are used in commercial products are often made of plastic, while some are made of metal.
 The Tupperware corporation makes a product under the trademark Pick-A-Deli that contains a built-in pickle lifter.
Atari Games Corporation was an American producer of arcade games.
 It was originally the coin-operated arcade game division of Atari, Inc. and was split off into its own company in 1984.
