The Riverdale Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Riverdale Park, Prince George's County, Maryland.
 The community developed starting in 1889, around the B & O passenger railroad station, as an early railroad suburb northeast of Washington, D.C. Later, 20th century additions expanded the community.
 One of the more imposing features of the community is the early-19th-century mansion known as Riversdale.
 In general residential styles range from large 2 ⁄ -story wood-frame dwellings to smaller bungalows, with an eclectic collection of imposing Queen Anne and Colonial Revival houses.
Merryfield ("alias" Merrifield, Murefeld, Merefeld, Muryfield, Merifield, Wadham's Castle, etc.) is a historic estate in the parish of Ilton, near Ilminster in Somerset, England.
 It was the principal seat of the Wadham family, and was called by Prince (died 1723) their "noble moated seat of Meryfeild" "(sic)".
 The mansion house was demolished in 1618 by Sir John Wyndham (1558–1645), of Orchard Wyndham, a nephew and co-heir of Nicholas II Wadham (1531–1609), co-founder of Wadham College, Oxford, the last in the direct male line of the Wadham family.
 It bears no relation to the present large 19th-century grade II listed mansion known as "Merryfield House", formerly the vicarage, immediately south of St Peter's Church, Ilton.
Moor Park is one of the most picturesque residential areas of Crosby in Merseyside.
 Initially developed in the early years of the twentieth century, it is situated on the northern side of Moor Lane, the main A565 road out of Crosby to the north.
Gornja Bitnja (] ; Italian: "Bittigne di Sopra" ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Reka River in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
 There is a 17th-century mansion known as Turn Mansion in the settlement.
Moor Park is a Grade I listed Palladian mansion set within several hundred acres of parkland to the south-east of Rickmansworth in Hertfordshire, England.
 It is called Moor Park Mansion because it is in the old park of the Manor of More.
Moor Park is a municipal park located in the Moor Park area of Bispham in Blackpool on the Fylde coast in Lancashire, England.
Moor Park is a London Underground station in the Three Rivers district of Hertfordshire, serving those living on the Moor Park estate, and also on the neighbouring Eastbury and South Oxhey estates.
 The station is outside the Greater London boundary but is in both Zone 6 and Zone 7.
Moor Park and Eastbury is a ward in Three Rivers, in England.
 It is located in south-west Hertfordshire, in the East of England region.
 The ward includes the eponymous twin towns of Moor Park and Eastbury, lying between Rickmansworth to the west, Croxley Green to the north, South Oxhey to the east, and Northwood to the south.
Moor Park is a large park (with a perimeter of approx 2 mi ) to the north of the city centre of Preston, Lancashire, England.
 Moor Park is also the name of the electoral ward covering the park and the surrounding area.
 The ward borders the traditional boundary of Fulwood.
 The population of the ward as at the 2011 census was 5,211.
Eastbury is a settlement in the Three Rivers district of Hertfordshire, adjacent to the London suburb of Northwood in Hillingdon.
 Other settlements nearby include Moor Park and South Oxhey, and Eastbury is about equal distance between the Northwood and Moor Park tube stations (Metropolitan line).
 Northwood Headquarters is in Eastbury.
 The post town is Northwood.
 It is in the Three Rivers Ward of Moor Park and Eastbury
