Captain Rex, designation number CT-7567, is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" science fiction universe created by George Lucas and a main character of the animated "" 2008 film and the related .
 He is a clone trooper of the Grand Army of the Republic, cloned from bounty hunter Jango Fett, and serves the Galactic Republic under the command of Jedi Anakin Skywalker and Ahsoka Tano.
 Since his introduction in "The Clone Wars", he has also appeared in the 2014 "Star Wars Rebels" television series and in comics, novels, and video games of the "Star Wars Legends" expanded universe.
 Like all clone troopers in "The Clone Wars" and "Rebels", Rex is voiced by Dee Bradley Baker.
The Clone Wars, occasionally referred to singularly as the Clone War, are conflicts in the "Star Wars" science fiction franchise by George Lucas.
 They are mentioned briefly in the first "Star Wars" film (1977), but the conflicts themselves are not depicted until "" (2002) and "" (2005).
 The Clone Wars are also the setting for three eponymous projects: (2003–2005), (2008), and (2008–2014).
 They have been featured in numerous "Star Wars" books and games.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars is an American 3D CGI animated television series created by George Lucas and produced by Lucasfilm Animation with the division Lucasfilm Animation Singapore, Lucasfilm and CGCG Inc.
 The series debuted on the US version of Cartoon Network on October 3, 2008.
 It is set in the fictional "Star Wars" galaxy during the three years between the prequel films "" and "", the same time period as the previous 2D 2003 TV series "".
 Each episode has a running time of 22 minutes to fill a half-hour time slot.
 In 2007, "Star Wars" creator George Lucas stated "there will be at least 100 episodes produced [about five seasons]".
 Dave Filoni is the supervising director of the series.
 Genndy Tartakovsky, director of the first "Clone Wars" series, was not involved with the production, but character designer Kilian Plunkett referred to the character designs from the 2D series when designing the characters for the 3D series.
 There is also an online comic, depicting story-snippets between the single episodes.
Star Wars: Clone Wars is a 9 volume series of trade paperbacks published by Dark Horse Comics between 2003 and 2006 that collect various comics dealing with the Clone Wars.
 Dark Horse Comics also published a quarterly graphic-novella series and a monthly comic series that take place during the 2008-2014 TV series.
Starkiller, born Galen Marek and also known as The Apprentice, is the Dark Jedi anti-hero protagonist of the "" project.
 In 2014, Lucasfilm rebranded him as part of the "Star Wars Legends" non-canonical story-line, and the character has not been re-introduced yet into the "Star Wars" canon.
 He is raised by Darth Vader and is made his secret apprentice under the name "Starkiller" due to being potent with using the Force for destructive purposes and described as less of an assassin and more of a "Force wrecking ball".
 The character's name is taken from Luke Skywalker's original name, "Annikin Starkiller".
 The character's likeness and voice are provided by Samuel Witwer.
 Despite "The Force Unleashed" being of non-canonical "Legends" status, Witwer still remains part of the "Star Wars" canon by voicing Darth Maul in the animated series "Star Wars: The Clone Wars" and "Star Wars Rebels".
Star Wars: The Clone Wars is a 2008 American 3D animated science fiction-space opera film that takes place within the "Star Wars" saga, leading into a produced by Lucasfilm Animation.
 The film is set during the three-year time period between the films "" (2002) and "" (2005).
 Distributed by Warner Bros.
 Pictures, which also holds the home media distribution rights to both this film and the first five seasons of the television series, the film premiered on August 10, 2008 at the Grauman's Egyptian Theatre, while screening in wide-release on August 14, 2008 across Australia, and August 15 in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom.
 "The Clone Wars" served as an introduction to the television series of the same name, which debuted on October 3, 2008.
 Though critical reception was negative, the film was a box office success, and grossed $68.3 million worldwide against an $8.5 million budget.
Clone Wars Adventures was an online virtual world based on the animated television series "Star Wars: ".
 Players could create and customize in-world avatars and participate in a variety of Clone Wars themed mini-games and activities, earning Republic credits to purchase new weapons, outfits, ships, and furniture.
Yoda is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise created by George Lucas, first appearing in the 1980 film "The Empire Strikes Back".
 In the original films, he trains Luke Skywalker to fight against the Galactic Empire.
 In the prequel films, he serves as the Grand Master of the Jedi Order and as a high-ranking general of Clone Troopers in the Clone Wars.
 Following his death in "Return of the Jedi" at the age of 900, Yoda was the oldest living character in the "Star Wars" franchise in canon, until the introduction of Maz Kanata in "".
Star Wars: Clone Wars (sometimes referred to as Tartakovsky's Clone Wars) is an American science fiction animated microseries created, directed, produced and co-written by Genndy Tartakovsky, set in the "Star Wars" universe.
 Produced and released between the films "" and "", it is the first of many works to explore the conflict set between the two known as the Clone Wars, and directly leads to the events of "Revenge of the Sith".
 The show follows the actions of various characters from the "Star Wars" prequel trilogy, notably Jedi Knights and clone troopers, in their war against the battle droid armies of the Confederacy of Independent Systems and the Sith.
 The series is notable for introducing the character of General Grievous to the "Star Wars" universe.
Lego Star Wars III: The Clone Wars is a Lego-themed action-adventure video game based on , developed by Traveller's Tales and published by LucasArts, released in March 2011 for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Xbox 360, Wii, Nintendo DS, Microsoft Windows and Nintendo 3DS consoles.
 "Lego Star Wars III" features missions and characters from the "Clone Wars" television series, as well as favourite characters from the original "Star Wars" saga, in both single-player and multiplayer gameplay modes.
 The Mac OS X version of the game has been released by Feral Interactive.
