Greg Miller is an American animator, cartoonist and storyboard artist.
 He worked on the production of "Shrek the Third" and "Monsters vs. Aliens" as the additional storyboard artist.
 His recent credits include being a storyboard artist, writer, animator, and character designer on "Secret Mountain Fort Awesome", "Gravity Falls", and "Uncle Grandpa".
Monsters vs. Aliens is a media franchise created by DreamWorks Animation.
 The franchise began with the 2009 film "Monsters vs. Aliens" and has since grown to include a short film, two television specials, a television series, and a video game.
The Buchanan Brothers were two brothers, Chester and Lester Buchanan, who recorded country music during the 1940s on the RCA Victor label.
 They had a top ten hit, "Atomic Power", released in August 1946; this song was also featured in the 1982 movie "The Atomic Café".
 Another song, 1947's "(When You See) Those Flying Saucers", was used in the opening scene of the 2009 animated release "Monsters vs. Aliens".
My Dog Tulip is an American independent animated feature film based on the 1956 memoir of the same name by J. R. Ackerley, BBC editor, novelist and memoirist.
 The film tells the story of Ackerley's fifteen-year relationship with his Alsatian dog (German Shepherd) "Queenie", who had been renamed "Tulip" for the book.
 The film – geared toward an adult audience – was adapted, directed and animated by Paul Fierlinger with backgrounds and characters painted by his wife, Sandra Fierlinger.
Miłogost Reczek (born February 10, 1961) is a Polish actor.
 He is known for dubbing voices.
 He is known as the Polish dub voice for Homer Simpson in "The Simpsons Movie".
 He has dubbed in films like "Star Wars" original trilogy, "Despicable Me", "Thomas and Friends", "Monsters vs Aliens", the Simpsons Movie.
Monsters vs. Aliens is a 2009 American 3D computer-animated science fiction film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 It was DreamWorks Animation's first feature film to be directly produced in a stereoscopic 3-D format instead of being converted into 3-D after completion, which added $15 million to the film's budget.
This is a list of characters from the movie Monsters vs. Aliens and other spin-off related.
Monsters vs. Aliens is an American computer-animated television series based on the 2009 film of the same name.
 After being first announced in 2009, the series premiered on Nickelodeon on March 23, 2013, after the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, then began airing in its regular timeslot on April 6, 2013.
 A total of 26 episodes consisting of 52 segments were released, with the last episode airing on February 8, 2014.
Monsters vs. Aliens: Mutant Pumpkins from Outer Space
Monsters vs. Aliens is a 2009 video game based on the film with the same name.
 The game was released on March 24, 2009 on PlayStation 2, Nintendo DS, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 And Wii.
