Black Velvet Flag was a New York City-based comedy music trio, known for their humorous, lounge-styled covers of songs by Southern California punk rock bands, and for performing while wearing tuxedos.
 They became known in 1994, after performing on the New York music scene, which suddenly propelled them to fame in just six months.
 Their only full-length album, "Come Recline", was released in 1995 on Go-Kart Records.
 In 2003, an interactive documentary of the band, entitled "The Rise and Fall of Black Velvet Flag", was released; it was directed by Sheldon Schiffer.
"The Black Velvet Band" (Roud number 2146) is a traditional folk song collected from singers in Australia, England, Canada, Ireland and the United States describing how a young man is tricked and then sentenced to transportation to Australia, a common punishment in the United Kingdom during the 19th century.
 Versions were also published on broadsides.
Black roses are symbols featured in fiction with many different meanings and titles such as black velvet rose, black magic, barkarole, black beauty, Tuscany superb, black jade, and baccara.
 The roses commonly called black roses are technically a very dark shade of red, purple or maroon.
 The color of a rose may be deepened by placing a dark rose in a vase of water mixed with black ink.
 Other black roses may be blackened by other methods such as burning.
Black Velvet is a quarterly independent rock magazine based in the UK.
 The zine originated in 1994 and is published/edited by Shari Black Velvet.
 The zine includes in-depth interviews, CD, concert and zine reviews and more.
 Sugarcult's Marko 72 also wrote a regular column for a while although now a different musician writes a column each issue.
A Velvet Elvis is a painting of Elvis Presley on velvet.
 It typically represents a costumed torso of Elvis holding a microphone, painted on black velvet (or velvet of some other dark color, such as navy blue, red or purple).
 This iconic velvet painting is considered an archetypical example of kitsch.
Maria Josephine Doyle Kennedy (born 25 September 1964) is an Irish singer-songwriter and actress.
 With a singing career that has spanned nearly thirty years and an acting career that has spanned twenty five, she has established herself as one of Ireland's most prolific artists and entertainers.
 As an actress, she is best known for her extensive television roles as Patsy on "Father Ted" (1998), Catherine of Aragon on "The Tudors" (2007–2010), Vera Bates on "Downton Abbey" (2011), and Siobhán Sadler on "Orphan Black" (2013–2017).
 As a musician, she is well known for her world wide hit folk albums "Mütter" and "Sing", as well as for releasing two albums between 1989-92 as part of The Black Velvet Band.
Black Velvet Travel Limited, trading as Velvet, was an English bus company based in Eastleigh, that operated between November 2007 and January 2015.
Edgar William Leeteg (April 13, 1904 East St. Louis, Illinois – February 7, 1953 Papeete, Tahiti) was an American painter often considered the father of American velvet painting.
 He became a French citizen after immigrating to French Polynesia in 1933, where he spent the rest of his life painting the local life on black velvet.
A velvet painting is a type of painting distinguished by the use of velvet (usually black velvet) as the support, in place of canvas, paper, or similar materials.
 The velvet provides an especially dark background against which colors stand out brightly.
Bigger and Blackerer: a 2010 album and DVD that stars American stand-up comedian David Cross.
 The album's title plays on Chris Rock's comedy album, "Bigger & Blacker", and the cover plays off of the popular art form of painting on black velvet, such as Velvet Elvis (and is reminiscent of the Ray Charles album "Ray Charles Greatest Hits").
 Cross taped and recorded the album during two shows at the Wilbur Theatre in Boston.
