Downey is a city located in southeast Los Angeles County, California, United States, 21 km southeast of downtown Los Angeles.
 It is considered part of the Gateway Cities.
 The city is the birthplace of the Apollo space program, and is the hometown of Richard and Karen Carpenter.
 It is also the home of the oldest still operational McDonald's restaurant in the world.
 As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 111,772.
Tchaourou (Saworo in Yoruba etymology, meaning rattle) is a commune, arrondissement, and city located in the Borgou Department of Benin, a country in Western Africa, formerly known as Dahomey (until 1975).
 It is the birthplace of former Beninese president Yayi Boni.
 It is 50 km south of Parakou.
Puerto Princesa, officially City of Puerto Princesa (Cuyonon: "Siyudad i'ang Puerto Princesa"; Hiligaynon: "Dakbanwa sang Puerto Princesa" ; Filipino: "Lungsod ng Puerto Princesa" ; Spanish: "Ciudad de Puerto Princesa" ) and often referred to as Puerto Princesa City, is a city located in the western province of Palawan, and westernmost city in the Philippines.
 Though the seat of government and capital for the province, the city itself is one of 38 independent cities within the Philippines not controlled by the province in which it is geographically located and is therefore an independent area located within Palawan.
Nakama (中間市 , Nakama-shi ) is a city located in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
 As of 2016, the city has an estimated population of 41,348 and a population density of 2,600 persons per km².
 The total area is 15.98 km².
 It is perhaps best known as the birthplace of actor Ken Takakura.
San Francisco is a city located at the far east border of the province of Córdoba, Argentina, and parts of the city are beyond the border into the province of Santa Fe.
 In the city National Routes 19 and 158 intersect.
 It is the fourth most populated city in the province of Córdoba, with about 59,000 inhabitants, and the head city of the San Justo Department.
Amgaon is a city located in Gondia district of Nagpur Division in the state of Maharashtra, India.
 It is also a tehsil place.
 Amgaon is believed as the birthplace of well-known Sanskrit poet Bhavabhuti.
 Kali maa (Hindu Goddess Kali) temple is one of the main attractions in Amgaon.
 Nearly 10,000 people gather around this temple in Navaratri to worship.
 Other than temples, Amgaon is one of the large producers of Beedi and rice in Gondia region.
Kashima (鹿嶋市 , Kashima-shi ) is a city located in Ibaraki Prefecture, in the northern Kantō region of Japan.
 As of September 2015, the city had an estimated population of 66,860 and a population density of 631 persons per km².
 Its total area was 106.02 sqkm .
 Kashima is the home of the J. League's Kashima Antlers.
 Its home field, Kashima Soccer Stadium, was used as a site during the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
 The city is also the site of the Kashima Shrine, a Shinto shrine which is considered the birthplace of many influential styles of Japanese swordsmanship ("Kenjutsu").
 It is one of the oldest shrines in eastern Japan.
Savalou is a city located in the Collines Department of Benin.
 The commune covers an area of 2674 square kilometres and as of 2012 had a population of 35,433 people.
 It is the birthplace of Olympic Beninese hurdler Odile Ahouanwanou.
Sarnath is a city located 13 kilometres north-east of Varanasi near the confluence of the Ganges and the Varuna rivers in Uttar Pradesh, India.
 The deer park in Sarnath is where Gautama Buddha first taught the Dharma, and where the Buddhist Sangha came into existence through the enlightenment of Kondanna.
 Singhpur, a village approximately one kilometre away from the site, was the birthplace of Shreyansanath, the Eleventh Tirthankara of Jainism, and a temple dedicated to him, is an important pilgrimage site.
Pittsburg is a city located in Camp County, Texas.
 As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 4,497.
 It is the county seat of Camp County.
 It is best known as the former home of the giant poultry producer Pilgrim's and the home of racing legend Carroll Shelby.
 Pittsburg is also the birthplace of Cavenders Boot City.
 It is also the hometown of Tennessee Titan Kendall Wright.
 In 1902, it was the site of an early flight attempt by the Ezekiel Air Ship Mfg Co.
