Gabriel's Dream (French: Le Rêve de Gabriel ) is a documentary film directed by Anne Lévy-Morelle.
 It tells the story of Gabriel de Halleux, an established businessman who, in late 1940s, decided to leave everything and start a new life in Chile Chico, in the depths of the Chilean Patagonia.
 In December 1997, "Gabriel's Dream" received the André Cavens Award for Best Film given by the Belgian Film Critics Association (UCC).
Hubert Haddad is a Tunisian poet, playwright, short story writer and novelist.
 He was born in Tunis in 1947.
 His debut collection of poems "Le Charnier déductif" appeared in 1967, and his first novel "Un rêve de glace" was published in 1974.
 Since then he has published numerous works in a wide range of literary forms.
The Unified State Exam (Russian: Единый государственный экзамен, ЕГЭ , "Yediniy gosudarstvenniy ekzamen, EGE") is an exam in the Russian Federation.
 It is in fact a series of exams every student must pass after graduation from school to enter a university or a professional college.
 Since 2009, the USE is the only form of graduation examinations in schools and the main form of preliminary examinations in universities.
 A student can take a USE in Russian language, mathematics, foreign languages (English, German, French, Spanish), physics, chemistry, biology, geography, literature, history, basics of social sciences and computing science.
 The USE in Russian language and mathematics are obligatory; that means that every student needs to get the necessary results in these subjects to enter any Russian university or get a high school diploma.
The oral exam (also oral test or viva voce ; Rigorosum in German-speaking nations) is a practice in many schools and disciplines in which an examiner poses questions to the student in spoken form.
 The student has to answer the question in such a way as to demonstrate sufficient knowledge of the subject to pass the exam.
 The oral exam also helps reduce (although it does not eliminate) the risk of granting a degree to a candidate who has had the thesis or dissertation ghostwritten by an expert.
Rêve: the Dream Ouroboros is a French fantasy tabletop role-playing game created by Denis Gerfaud and re-published in English by Malcontent Games.
 It is the translation of Rêve de Dragon (English: "Dragon Dream" ), a best-selling game in France.
Albert Viau (6 November 1910 – 27 June 2001) was a Canadian baritone, folksinger, composer, and music educator.
 After beginning his career as a musician in the classical repertoire, he specialized in folk music and traditional songs.
 He released about 50 78 rpm records during his career, mostly for La Bonne Chanson.
 He also recorded a few songs under the pseudonym Jacques Dupont, including "Partons, la mer est belle", "Le Soir sur l'eau", and "Le Lac des amours", and recorded the song "Le Rêve passe" with the Canadian Grenadier Guards Band for RCA.
 Many of his recordings include his own compositions.
 During his lifetime he wrote more than 200 songs, many of them comic patter songs, as well as hymns and two requiem masses.
D'Alembert’s Dream ( or The Dream of D'Alembert, French: Le Rêve de d'Alembert ) is an ensemble of three philosophical dialogues authored by Denis Diderot in 1769, which first appeared in Grimm's "Correspondance Littéraire" in 1782, but was not published in its own right until 1830:
The Dream (French: "Le Rêve", occasionally also known as "Le Songe" or "Rêve exotique") is a large oil-on-canvas painting created by Henri Rousseau in 1910, one of more than 25 Rousseau paintings with a jungle theme.
 His last completed work, it was first exhibited at the Salon des Indépendants from 18 March to 1 May 1910, a few months before his death on 2 September 1910.
 Rousseau's earlier works had received a negative reception, but poet and critic Guillaume Apollinaire remarked on its debut: "The picture radiates beauty, that is indisputable.
 I believe nobody will laugh this year."
Léon Gastinel (August 15, 1823 – October 18, 1906) was a French composer.
 He studied at the Paris Conservatoire where he studied with Jacques Halévy and was awarded the Grand Prix de Rome in 1846 for his cantata "Valasquez".
 While relatively unknown today, Gastinel wrote two complete masses, two symphonies and four oratorios, and chamber music including at least two string sextets.
 He was most prolific however in his works for the stage which include the ballet "Le rêve" (1890, chor.
 Joseph Hansen, Paris Opera) and the operas "Le miroir" (1853), "L'opéra aux fenêtres" (1857) and "Titus et Bérénice" (1860).
Driver's license in the Philippines consists of three types.
 These are Student Permit, Non-Professional driver's license, and Professional driver's license.
 The minimum age for driving in the Philippines is 17 years old provided that the driver has a student permit and is accompanied by a person with a valid driver's license.
 An applicant can only apply for a non-professional driver's license one month after acquiring a student permit and 6 months after for a professional driver's license.
 An applicant must pass both the Land Transportation Office written exam and a driving exam.
 If the applicant fails the tests, he must wait for a month before being able to take the tests again.
