Ara Berberian (Armenian: Արա Բերբերյան , May 14, 1930 in Detroit, Michigan - February 21, 2005 in Boynton Beach, Florida, ) was an American bass and actor who had an active international career in operas, concerts, and musicals from the early 1960s until his retirement from the stage in 1997.
 He notably had an 18-year association with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City, where he gave a total of 334 performances between 1979-1997.
 He sang over 100 roles during his career, including those of Osmin in Mozart's "Abduction from the Seraglio" and Sparafucile in Verdi's "Rigoletto".
Giuseppe Verdi, released theatrically in the USA as The Life and Music of Giuseppe Verdi and on video as Verdi, the King of Melody, is a 1953 Italian biographical film starring Pierre Cressoy and directed by Raffaello Matarazzo.
 It is based on adult life events of the composer Giuseppe Verdi.
 The film was a commercial success, grossing over 957 million lire at the Italian box office.
Parma Airport (Italian: "Aeroporto di Parma" , IATA: PMF, ICAO: LIMP ) is located 1.3 NM northwest of Parma, a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.
 The airport was opened on 5 May 1991.
 It is also known as Giuseppe Verdi Airport or Parma "Giuseppe Verdi" Airport, named after Giuseppe Verdi.
Teatro Verdi is a theatre in Florence, Italy.
 Established in 1854, it is located on Via Giuseppe Verdi on the block between Via Ghibellina and Via dei Lavatoi.
 The Teatro Verdi was originally called Teatro Pagliano, but was renamed in 1901 to honour Giuseppe Verdi.
 The theatre is located on the spot where there once stood the 14th-century Stinche Prison.
The Orchestra Sinfonica di Milano Giuseppe Verdi (Symphony Orchestra of Milan Giuseppe Verdi) is an Italian orchestra based in Milan.
 The orchestra refers to itself as "La Verdi" colloquially.
 The orchestra's primary residence is the "Auditorium di Milano Fondazione Cariplo".
The Giuseppe Verdi Monument is a sculpture in honor of composer Giuseppe Verdi located in Verdi Square Park (between West 72nd and West 73rd streets, between Amsterdam Avenue and Broadway) in Manhattan, New York City.
 The statue, by Pasquale Civiletti (1858–1952), depicts Verdi flanked by four of his most popular characters: Falstaff (on the west side of the statue of Verdi), Leonora of "La forza del destino" (south side), Aida (north side), and Otello (east side).
Giuseppe Verdi's Rigoletto Story (2005) is a film version of Giuseppe Verdi's opera "Rigoletto" (libretto by Francesco Maria Piave).
 Filmed in Siena in 2002, it was directed by Gianfranco Fozzi and produced by David Guido Pietroni and Maurizio De Santis distributed worldwide by Columbia TriStar Home Entertainment and Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.
Mark Delavan is an American operatic bass-baritone.
 He made his professional debut in 1986 at the San Francisco Opera in a small role in Giuseppe Verdi's "Don Carlos".
 He spent the next three years performing in numerous comprimario roles with the company.
 He has since returned to that opera house to sing Scarpia in Giacomo Puccini's "Tosca" (2004, with Carol Vaness in the title role) and Wotan in Richard Wagner's "The Ring Cycle" (2008, 2010, and 2011).
 In 2001 he made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera as Amonasro in Verdi's "Aida" with Deborah Voigt in the title role, Luciano Pavarotti as Radamès, Olga Borodina as Amneris, and James Levine conducting.
 He has since been heard at the Met as Alfio in Pietro Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana", Carlo Gérard in "Andrea Chénier", Count Tomsky in "The Queen of Spades", Don Carlo in Verdi's "La Forza del Destino", the Messenger in Richard Strauss' "Die Frau ohne Schatten", Scarpia, and the title roles in Verdi's "Nabucco", Verdi's "Rigoletto", and Verdi's "Simon Boccanegra".
Giuseppe Verdi is a 1938 Italian biographical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Fosco Giachetti, Gaby Morlay and Germana Paolieri.
 The film portrays the life of the composer Giuseppe Verdi (1813-1901).
 The casting of Giachetti as Verdi was intended to emphasise the composer's patriotism, as he had recently played patriotic roles in films such as "The White Squadron".
 The film was made at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome.
 The film is also known by the alternative title The Life of Giuseppe Verdi.
Teatro Giuseppe Verdi (the Giuseppe Verdi Theatre) is a small opera house located in a wing of the Rocca dei Marchesi Pallavicino on the Piazza Giuseppe Verdi in Busseto, Italy, a town closely associated with the life of the opera composer, Giuseppe Verdi.
 From the 13th century, the “rocca” or “fortress” was the family’s palace; it is now the city hall after being acquired by the municipality in 1856.
 The theatre opened on 15 August 1868 and seats 300.
