"I'll Just Hold On" is a song written by Ben Hayslip, Troy Olsen, and Bryan Simpson, and recorded by American country music singer Blake Shelton.
 It was released in February 2009 as the second single from his fifth studio album "Startin' Fires".
Startin' Fires is the fifth studio album released from American country music singer Blake Shelton.
 The album was released on November 18, 2008 (see 2008 in country music) on Warner Bros.
 Nashville.
 Its lead-off single, "She Wouldn't Be Gone", is Shelton's fourteenth Top 40 country hit and on the chart week of February 7, 2009 became his fifth Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.
 "I'll Just Hold On" is the album's second single.
 For "Starting Fires", Shelton co-wrote two tracks.
Scandal'us (or Scandal'Us) were the winners of the Australian "Popstars 2" in 2001 (successors of Bardot, the winners of the first Australian "Popstars" in 2000).
 They won an ARIA chart award for their No. 1 debut single "Me, Myself & I".
 Their second and final single, "Make Me Crazy", only reached No. 30.
 Their debut album, "Startin' Somethin'", debuted and peaked at No. 2 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
 The group disbanded in 2002, having been unable to find a new record label after leaving Festival Mushroom Records.
"AM Radio" is a rock song by the band Everclear.
 The song was recorded c. 2000 for Everclear's fourth album "".
 The song was released as the second single from Everclear's album "".
 It failed to reach the "Billboard" Hot 100, getting to number one on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
 The "AM Radio" single was mistaken by many to be the first single from Everclear's fifth album, "" because the song was released so soon before Everclear's fifth album's release.
 The song was later used in a television commercial for General Motors in early 2006.
The discography of London-based alternative rock band Drugstore consists of four studio albums, two compilation albums and 21 singles.
 Drugstore released their debut single "Alive" in 1993, and the same year they released the "Modern Pleasures" single.
 After various single released from 1994 to 1995, they released their debut self-titled album in 1995.
 The album peaked in the UK Albums Chart at number 31, the single "Fader", taken from the album, followed and went at number 70 in the UK Singles Chart.
 They released their second album "White Magic for Lovers" in 1998, which was a moderate success going to 45 in the UK Albums Chart, and it landed them the top 20 single "El President".
 The single "Sober" followed and went at number 68.
 In 2000 they released the single "Dry", and the year after they released their third album "Songs for the Jet Set", however they went on a hiatus so little promotion was done.
 After an eight-year hiatus, they reformed and released their fourth album "Anatomy" in 2011 through Rocket Girl.
 In September they released the "Best of Drugstore" album, and are working on a fifth album with a working title of "A Stroll Beyond the Cave and Into the Light", planned to be released in 2014.
"Eight Second Ride" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Jake Owen.
 It was released in June 2009 as the fifth single of Owen's career, and the second single from album "Easy Does It".
 Owen had previously recorded the song on his 2006 debut album "Startin' with Me".
 Owen wrote this song with Eric Durrance.
"She Wouldn't Be Gone" is a song written by Jennifer Adan and Cory Batten, and recorded by American country music singer, Blake Shelton.
 It was released in August 2008 as the first single from his fifth studio album, "Startin' Fires", which was released on November 18, 2008.
 The song became his fifth Number One song on the Hot Country Songs chart for the weeks of February 7–14, 2009.
"Make Me Crazy" is the second and final single by Scandal'us from their debut album "Startin' Somethin' ".
 It did not live up to the success of their debut single, "Me, Myself & I", only managing to debut and peak at No. 30 on the Australian ARIA Charts.
 This was the last release from the band before they broke up in 2002.
Joshua Ryan "Jake" Owen (born August 28, 1981) is an American country music singer and songwriter.
 Signed to RCA Nashville in 2006, he released his debut studio album "Startin' with Me" that year.
 This album produced three singles, all of which reached top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart: his debut single "Yee Haw", "Startin' with Me", and "Something About a Woman".
 A second studio album, 2009's "Easy Does It", has accounted for three more singles: "Don't Think I Can't Love You", "Eight Second Ride", and "Tell Me".
 In September 2011, Owen achieved his first number one hit on the country charts with the title track to his third studio album "Barefoot Blue Jean Night", as did with "Alone with You", "The One That Got Away", and "Anywhere with You".
 His fourth studio album, "Days of Gold" produced two singles with its title track, which broke the top 20 in 2014, and the number one single "Beachin'".
"Me, Myself & I" is a song by pop group Scandal'us.
 It was released as the debut single from their album "Startin' Somethin' " and reached number one on the ARIA Charts in Australia in 2001, staying there for three weeks.
