Assassin's Creed III: Liberation is a 2012 action-adventure video game developed and published by Ubisoft, initially as an exclusive title for PlayStation Vita.
 Sony announced the game at its press conference during the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2012, few days after first leaks about the game presented in "Game Informer".
 It was released on October 30, 2012 alongside "Assassin's Creed III", with which it can be linked.
 The game was re-released as Assassin's Creed: Liberation HD for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows via the PlayStation Network, Xbox Live Arcade and Steam, respectively.
 It was later packed as part of "Assassin's Creed The Americas Collection" for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, along with "Assassin's Creed III" and "".
Phoenix IV: The History of the Videogame Industry is a book written by Leonard Herman.
 It is the fourth edition of a book that had been previously called Phoenix: The Fall & Rise of Videogames.
 The original book had been published in December 1994 by Rolenta Press and at the time of its publication, Phoenix was the first comprehensive book about the history of videogames.
 Two subsequent editions were released: the 2nd edition arrived in 1997 and a 3rd edition was published in 2001.
 The book has been completely rewritten and the 4th edition was published in November, 2016.
 In June 2008, Game Informer magazine named it the second best videogame-related book of all time.
Red Steel is a first-person shooter video game published by Ubisoft for Nintendo's Wii console.
 It was developed by the Ubisoft Paris studio and was unveiled in the May 2006 issue of "Game Informer".
 It was released on November 19, 2006 in North America, the date of the Wii launch.
 It has spawned a stand-alone sequel, "Red Steel 2", which was released on March 23, 2010.
PHOTO was the name of an American photographic magazine geared towards men.
 It was published monthly by the Official Magazine Corporation beginning in June 1952.
 The magazine mainly featured photographs of scantily-clad women, although there were also exposés, featured articles, and examples of photojournalism.
Tom Clancy's Rainbow 6: Patriots is a cancelled first-person shooter video game, part of the "Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six" series, announced on the cover of the December 2011 issue of "Game Informer".
 It was to be published by Ubisoft, and was developed by the company's Montreal studio, with additional development by Ubisoft Toronto and Red Storm Entertainment.
 Due to the death of Tom Clancy in October 2013, concern was raised that this game would become the last to bear his name.
 Ubisoft has since stated that they will continue putting Tom Clancy's name on future Tom Clancy titles out of respect for the late author.
Game Informer (GI) is an American monthly video game magazine featuring articles, news, strategy, and reviews of video games and associated consoles.
 It debuted in August 1991 when FuncoLand started publishing a six-page magazine.
 The publication is owned and published by GameStop Corp., the parent company of the video game retailer of the same name, who bought FuncoLand in 2000.
 Due to this, a large amount of promotion is done in-store, which has contributed to the success of the magazine; it is now the 4th most popular magazine by copies circulated.
 "Game Informer" has since become an important part of GameStop's customer loyalty program, Power Up Rewards, which offers subscribers access to special content on the official website.
Motography was an American film journal that was first published in 1909 and ran until mid 1918.
 The magazine was published in 1909 and was originally named "Nickelodeon", but then changed its name to "Motography" in 1911.
 The trade journal was published monthly by Electricity Magazine Corporation, with offices in both New York and Chicago.
 "Motography" was one of the most popular American Film trade papers, and was read primarily by individuals in the film industry, such as movie directors and movie theater owners.
 In 1918, Martin Quigley bought "Motography" merging it with "The Motion Picture Herald".
Evil Controllers is a Tempe, Arizona-based company operated by brothers Adam and Jonah Coe that modifies Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 controllers.
 Notable for their rapid fire, fast reload, evil sticks, and accessible gaming modifications, Evil Controllers sells a variety of different customization options.
 Evil Controllers has been featured on majoring gaming sites such as IGN, Kotaku and Game Informer for their Controller Creator that allows shoppers to make fully custom controllers.
 The Controller Creator features photorealistic images on every part selected to give buyers an exact idea of what their controller will look.
Jurassic Park: The Game is an episodic graphic adventure video game based on the "Jurassic Park" film franchise.
 The game was developed by Telltale Games as part of a licensing deal with Universal Pictures.
 The plot of the game takes place during and after the plot of the first film.
 The game was originally announced in June 2010 before being revealed in the February issue of "Game Informer".
 The first episode was expected for release in April 2011, but was pushed back to November 15 along with the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 release, resulting in a multi-platform release with all four episodes at once.
Chris Stead (born 6 April 1979) is an Australian video games journalist, editor and publisher.
 He is best known for founding the Australian editions of Game Informer and GamePro magazines and their websites.
 In 2013 he won the inaugural MCV Pacific Journalist of the Year award.
 In 2014, he launched Grab It Indie Games Magazine.
