In the United States, the first spouse (first lady for women, first gentleman for men) is the term used to refer to the spouse of a chief executive - that is, of the spouse of the President of the United States (the First Lady of the United States and the First Gentleman of the United States) and the spouses of the governors of the 50 U.S. states and U.S. territories (Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands) and the spouse of the mayor of the District of Columbia.
 (The spouses of many mayors are often called the "first lady" or "first gentleman" of the city as well, and the use of the terms sometimes extends even to the spouses of college presidents).
Allison Taylor is a fictional character portrayed by Cherry Jones on the TV series "24".
 The first female President of the United States within the "24" universe and a Republican, she took office in the TV movie, "" and served in Season 7 and Season 8.
 She is said to be based on Hillary Clinton.
The Office of the First Lady of the United States is the staff accountable to the First Lady of the United States.
 The office and its responsibilities, while not mandated, have grown as the role of the First Lady has grown and formalized through the history of the United States.
 The Office of the First Lady is an entity of the White House Office, part of the Executive Office of the President.
Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison (July 25, 1775 – February 25, 1864), wife of President William Henry Harrison and grandmother of President Benjamin Harrison, was nominally First Lady of the United States during her husband's one-month term in 1841, but she never entered the White House.
 At the age of 65 years during her husband's presidential term, she is the oldest woman ever to become First Lady, as well as having the distinction of holding the title for the shortest length of time, and the first person to be widowed while holding the title.
 She was the last First Lady to have been born in British America.
"Lisa's Rival" is the second episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> sixth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 11, 1994.
 It was the first episode to be written by Mike Scully, and was directed by Mark Kirkland.
 Winona Ryder guest stars as Allison Taylor, a new student at Springfield Elementary School.
 Lisa Simpson begins to feel threatened by Allison because she is smarter, younger, and a better saxophone player than she is.
 The episode's subplot sees Homer steal a large pile of sugar from a crashed truck, and begin selling it door-to-door.
Vicki Risch is the former First Lady of Idaho and the wife of U.S. Sen. Jim Risch, who served as Governor of Idaho in 2006.
 She became First Lady on May 26, 2006, when her husband succeeded former Gov. Dirk Kempthorne, who resigned to become United States Secretary of the Interior.
 Mrs. Risch succeeded former First Lady Patricia Kempthorne who had held the post for over seven years.
 Mrs. Risch served as First Lady until January 2007, as her husband did not seek a full term as governor, but rather was reelected to his old post as lieutenant governor.
Edith Kermit Carow Roosevelt (August 6, 1861 – September 30, 1948) was the second wife of President Theodore Roosevelt and served as First Lady of the United States during his presidency from 1901 to 1909.
 She was the first First Lady to employ a full-time, salaried social secretary.
 Her tenure resulted in the creation of an official staff, and her formal dinners and ceremonial processions served to elevate the position of First Lady.
First Lady of the United States (FLOTUS) is the informal but accepted title held by the wife of the President of the United States, concurrent with the president's term of office.
 Although the first lady’s role has never been codified or officially defined, she figures prominently in the political and social life of the nation.
 Melania Trump is the current First Lady.
The First Lady of the United States is the hostess of the White House.
 The position is traditionally filled by the wife of the President of the United States, but, on occasion, the title has been applied to women who were not presidents’ wives, such as when the president was a bachelor or widower, or when the wife of the president was unable to fulfill the duties of the First Lady herself.
 The First Lady is not an elected position; it carries no official duties and receives no salary.
 Nonetheless, she attends many official ceremonies and functions of state either along with or in place of the president.
 Traditionally, the First Lady does not hold outside employment while occupying the office.
 She has her own staff, including the White House Social Secretary, the Chief of Staff, the Press Secretary, the Chief Floral Designer, and the Executive Chef.
 The Office of the First Lady is also in charge of all social and ceremonial events of the White House, and is a branch of the Executive Office of the President.
Yumi Hogan (née Kim ; born December 25, 1959) is the First Lady of the State of Maryland and the wife of Larry Hogan, the Governor of Maryland.
 She became the first South Korean-born first lady in the United States, as well as Maryland's First Lady, with the inauguration of her husband as governor of Maryland in January 2015.
