The Annunciation is an oil-on-oak panel painting attributed to the Early Netherlandish master Hans Memling.
 Completed c. 1482, it was partially transferred to canvas in the 1920s and is today held in the Robert Lehman collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.
 It shows the Virgin in a domestic interior, two attendant angels, the archangel Gabriel dressed in rich ecclesiastical robes, and a hovering dove.
 The painting is based and expands upon the Annunciation wing of Rogier van der Weyden's c. 1455 "Saint Columba altarpiece".
 According to art historian Maryan Ainsworth, the work presents a "startlingly original image, rich in connotations for the viewer or worshiper."
 The simple iconography centers on the Virgin's purity; the Incarnation, the Virgin as mother and her role as bride and Queen of Heaven.
 Her swoon foreshadows the Crucifixion of Jesus.
The Lacemaker is a painting by the Dutch artist Johannes Vermeer (1632–1675), completed around 1669–1670 and held in the Louvre, Paris.
 The work shows a young woman dressed in a yellow shawl, holding up a pair of bobbins in her left hand as she carefully places a pin in the pillow on which she is making her bobbin lace.
 At 24.5 cm x 21 cm (9.6 in x 8.3 in), the work is the smallest of Vermeer's paintings, but in many ways one of his most abstract and unusual.
 The canvas used was cut from the same bolt as that used for "A Young Woman Seated at the Virginals", and both paintings seem to have had identical dimensions originally.
Pieter Janssens Elinga (1623–1682) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, mainly of domestic interior scenes with a strong emphasis on the rectangular geometrical elements of windows, floor tiling paintings, and other elements, and a few genre figures.
 He also painted still lifes.
In sociology, the upper middle class is the social group constituted by higher status members of the middle class.
 This is in contrast to the term "lower middle class", which is used for the group at the opposite end of the middle class stratum, and to the broader term "middle class".
 There is considerable debate as to how the upper middle class might be defined.
 According to sociologist Max Weber the upper middle class consists of well-educated professionals with graduate degrees and comfortable incomes.
In sociology, the upper middle class of the United States is the social group constituted by higher-status members of the middle class.
 This is in contrast to the term lower middle class, which refers to the group at the opposite end of the middle class scale.
 There is considerable debate as to how the upper middle class might be defined.
 According to Max Weber, the upper middle class consists of well-educated professionals with graduate degrees and comfortable incomes.
Young Woman in a Pearl Necklace (after 1655) is an oil on canvas painting by an unknown painter, after a painting by the Dutch painter Willem Drost.
 It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is part of the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Alexis Leon Louis Valbrun (Paris, January 3, 1803 – Paris, 1852) was a prominent French painter specialized in portraits of the European aristocracy.
 He studied under Nicolas Gosse and was a pupil of Antoine-Jean Gros.
 He entered the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris in 1817 and exhibited his work at the Salon (Paris) between 1831 and 1843.
 Some of his paintings are displayed at the Fondation Calvet in Avignon, the Palace of Versailles (Philip V of Spain) and the Chateau de Chantilly (Sophie Dawes, Baronne de Feucheres).
 His historic painting "La mort de Saphire" (Fine Art Museum in Saint Lo) was exhibited at the Salon in 1843.
 In 1846 he decorated the church Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis in Paris.
Ahazueros Jacobus Breman, known as Co (7 December 1865, Zwolle - 18 November 1938, Laren) was a Dutch painter.
 He specialized in landscapes, farms and interior scenes, with figures, and was one of the first Pointillist painters in the Netherlands.
A Young Woman Reading (after 1670s) is an oil on canvas painting by an unknown painter in the manner of the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer.
 It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is part of the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Johannes, Jan or Johan Vermeer ( ; ] ; October 1632 – December 1675) was a Dutch painter who specialized in domestic interior scenes of middle-class life.
 Vermeer was a moderately successful provincial genre painter in his lifetime.
 He evidently was not wealthy, leaving his wife and children in debt at his death, perhaps because he produced relatively few paintings.
