USS "Randolph" (CV/CVA/CVS-15) was one of 24 "Essex"-class aircraft carrier s built during World War II for the United States Navy.
 The second US Navy ship to bear the name, she was named for Peyton Randolph, president of the First Continental Congress.
 "Randolph" was commissioned in October 1944, and served in several campaigns in the Pacific Theater of Operations, earning three battle stars. Decommissioned shortly after the end of the war, she was modernized and recommissioned in the early 1950s as an attack carrier (CVA), and then eventually became an antisubmarine carrier (CVS).
 In her second career she operated exclusively in the Atlantic, Mediterranean, and Caribbean.
 In the early 1960s she served as the recovery ship for two Project Mercury space missions, including John Glenn's historic first orbital flight.
USS "Bennington" (CV/CVA/CVS-20) was one of 24 "Essex"-class aircraft carrier s built during World War II for the United States Navy.
 The ship was the second US Navy ship to bear the name, and was named for the Revolutionary War Battle of Bennington (Vermont).
 "Bennington" was commissioned in August 1944, and served in several of the later campaigns in the Pacific Theater of Operations, earning three battle stars. Decommissioned shortly after the end of the war, she was modernized and recommissioned in the early 1950s as an attack carrier (CVA), and then eventually became an Antisubmarine Aircraft Carrier (CVS).
 In her second career, she spent most of her time in the Pacific, earning five battle stars for action during the Vietnam War.
 She served as the recovery ship for the Apollo 4 space mission.
USS "Kearsarge" (CV/CVA/CVS-33) was one of 24 "Essex"-class aircraft carrier s completed during or shortly after World War II for the United States Navy.
 The ship was the third US Navy ship to bear the name, and was named for a Civil War-era steam sloop.
 "Kearsarge" was commissioned in March 1946.
 Modernized in the early 1950s as an attack carrier (CVA), she served in the Korean War, for which she earned two battle stars.
 In the late 1950s she was further modified to become an anti-submarine carrier (CVS).
 "Kearsarge" was the recovery ship for the last two manned Project Mercury space missions in 1962–1963.
 She completed her career serving in the Vietnam War, earning five battle stars.
With the advent of heavier-than-air flight, the aircraft carrier has become a decisive weapon at sea.
 In 1911 aircraft began to be successfully launched and landed on ships with the successful flight of a Curtiss Pusher aboard the USS "Pennsylvania".
 The British Royal Navy pioneered the first aircraft carrier as floatplanes, as flying boats under performed compared to traditional land based aircraft.
 The first true aircraft carrier was the HMS "Argus" , launched in late 1917 with a complement of 20 aircraft, a flight deck of 550 ft and 68 ft wide.
 The last aircraft carrier sunk in wartime was the Japanese carrier "Amagi", in Kure Harbour in July 1945.
 The greatest loss of life was the 2,046 killed on the "Akitsu Maru"—a converted passenger liner with a small flight deck, carrying the Imperial Japanese Army's 64th Infantry Regiment.
USS "Princeton" (CV/CVA/CVS-37, LPH-5) was one of 24 "Essex"-class aircraft carrier s built during and shortly after World War II for the United States Navy.
 The ship was the fifth US Navy ship to bear the name, and was named for the Revolutionary War Battle of Princeton.
 "Princeton" was commissioned in November 1945, too late to serve in World War II, but saw extensive service in the Korean War, in which she earned eight battle stars, and the Vietnam War.
 She was reclassified in the early 1950s as an attack carrier (CVA), then as an Antisubmarine Aircraft Carrier (CVS), and finally as an amphibious assault ship (LPH), carrying helicopters and marines.
 One of her last missions was to serve as the prime recovery ship for the Apollo 10 space mission.
USS "Wasp" (CV/CVA/CVS-18) was one of 24 "Essex"-class aircraft carrier s built during World War II for the United States Navy.
 The ship, the ninth US Navy ship to bear the name, was originally named "Oriskany", but was renamed while under construction in honor of the previous "Wasp" (CV-7) , which was sunk 15 September 1942.
 "Wasp" was commissioned in November 1943, and served in several campaigns in the Pacific Theater of Operations, earning eight battle stars. Like many of her sister ships, she was decommissioned shortly after the end of the war, but was modernized and recommissioned in the early 1950s as an attack carrier (CVA), and then eventually became an antisubmarine carrier (CVS).
 In her second career she operated mainly in the Atlantic, Mediterranean, and Caribbean.
 She played a prominent role in the manned space program, serving as the recovery ship for five missions: Gemini IV, Gemini VI, Gemini VII, Gemini IX and Gemini XII.
 She was retired in 1972 and sold for scrap in 1973.
USS "Midway" (CVB/CVA/CV-41) was an aircraft carrier of the United States Navy, the lead ship of her class.
 Commissioned a week after the end of World War II, "Midway" was the largest ship in the world until 1955, as well as the first U.S. aircraft carrier too big to transit the Panama Canal.
 A revolutionary hull design, based on the planned "Montana"-class battleship , gave her enhanced protection compared to previous carriers.
 She operated for 47 years, during which time she saw action in the Vietnam War and served as the Persian Gulf flagship in 1991's Operation Desert Storm.
 Decommissioned in 1992, she is now a museum ship at the USS "Midway" Museum, in San Diego, California, and the only remaining U.S. aircraft carrier commissioned right after World War II ended that was not an "Essex"-class aircraft carrier .
Aircraft carrier air operations include a launch and recovery cycle of embarked aircraft.
 Launch and recovery cycles are scheduled to support efficient use of naval aircraft for searching, defensive patrols, and offensive airstrikes.
 The relative importance of these three missions varies with time and location.
 Through the first quarter-century of aircraft carrier operations, launch and recovery cycles attempted to optimize mission performance for ships with a straight flight deck above an aircraft storage hangar deck.
 Carrier air operations evolved rapidly from experimental ships of the early 1920s through the combat experience of World War II.
The Type 002 aircraft carrier is a second generation Chinese aircraft carrier design.
 The ship will be the first Chinese aircraft carrier to be equipped with a catapult.
 According to the latest report, the construction of this carrier has been rescheduled for a decision on the catapults, where the latest competition results suggested that steam catapults will be used in the Type 002 aircraft carrier.
 The addition of aircraft catapult will give China the ability to launch various fixed wing support aircraft like airborne early warning (AEW) and carrier onboard delivery aircraft.
 Fighters can also be launched at full combat load and reach its full potential unlike current Type 001 aircraft carriers operated by Chinese navy.
USS "Intrepid" (CV/CVA/CVS-11), also known as The Fighting "I", is one of 24 "Essex"-class aircraft carrier s built during World War II for the United States Navy.
 She is the fourth US Navy ship to bear the name.
 Commissioned in August 1943, "Intrepid" participated in several campaigns in the Pacific Theater of Operations, most notably the Battle of Leyte Gulf.
 Decommissioned shortly after the end of the war, she was modernized and recommissioned in the early 1950s as an attack carrier (CVA), and then eventually became an antisubmarine carrier (CVS).
 In her second career, she served mainly in the Atlantic, but also participated in the Vietnam War.
 Her notable achievements include being the recovery ship for a Mercury and a Gemini space mission.
 Because of her prominent role in battle, she was nicknamed "the Fighting I", while her frequent bad luck and time spent in dry dock for repairs—she was torpedoed once and hit by four separate Japanese kamikaze aircraft—earned her the nicknames "Decrepit" and "the Dry I".
 Decommissioned in 1974, in 1982 "Intrepid" became the foundation of the "Intrepid" Sea, Air & Space Museum in New York City.
