Peter Clack is an Australian drummer – for ten months he was an early member of hard rock band AC/DC.
 In April 1974 he joined Malcolm Young (rhythm guitar), Angus Young (lead guitar), Dave Evans (lead vocals) and Rob Bailey (bass guitar).
 He appears in early video footage of AC/DC, the "Last Picture Show Theatre" video of "Can I Sit Next to You Girl".
 Clack was a member of the band during the recording of their debut album "High Voltage" but most of the drum parts were recorded by session man Tony Currenti.
 Clack continued with AC/DC until January 1975 when he was sacked along with Bailey, Clack's permanent replacement was Phil Rudd.
Fly on the Wall is an album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC.
 It was the band's ninth internationally released studio album and the tenth to be released in Australia.
 All songs were written by Angus Young (guitar), Malcolm Young (guitar), and Brian Johnson (vocals).
 The album was re-released in 2003 as part of the "AC/DC Remasters" series.
If You Want Blood You've Got it is the first live album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, originally released in the UK and Europe on 13 October 1978, in the US on 21 November 1978, and in Australia on 27 November 1978.
 All songs were written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young and Bon Scott.
 The album was re-released in 1994 on Atco Records and in 2003 as part of the "AC/DC Remasters" series.
"Can I Sit Next to You, Girl" is the debut single by Australian hard rock band AC/DC issued on 22 July 1974.
 On August 26, 1974, the song peaked at number 50 on the Aria charts and then disappeared.
 This version has lead vocals performed by Dave Evans prior to his being replaced by Bon Scott, as well as drums by ex-Masters Apprentices member Colin Burgess and bass guitar by ex-The Easybeats member George Young (older brother of band cofounders Malcolm Young & Angus Young; co-producer).
 Originally, AC/DC's first bassist, Larry Van Kriedt, played the bass parts, but George recorded his own over them later.
 In 1975, after Scott joined, the group re-wrote and re-recorded the song as the seventh track on their Australia-only album "T.N.T.", released in December 1975 (see 1975 in music), and as the sixth track on the international version of "High Voltage", released in May 1976.
 The title of this version of the song removed the comma, becoming "Can I Sit Next To You Girl".
Powerage is an album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC.
 It was the band's fourth internationally released studio album and the fifth to be released in Australia.
 It was also the first AC/DC album to feature Cliff Williams on bass.
 All songs were written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young and Bon Scott.
 "Powerage" was re-released in 2003 as part of the "AC/DC Remasters" series.
Alexander Young (28 December 1938 – 4 August 1997), also known as George Alexander, was a Scottish singer, songwriter, saxophonist, bassist, guitarist and session musician.
 He is an elder brother of George Young, the rhythm guitarist and founding member of the Easybeats, as well as Malcolm and Angus Young, founding members of the Australian hard rock band AC/DC, and the younger brother of Stephen Young, the father of Stevie Young, who was also a member of AC/DC.
Ballbreaker is a 1995 album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC.
 It was the band's twelfth internationally released studio album and the thirteenth to be released in Australia.
 It was re-released in 2005 as part of the "AC/DC Remasters" series.
 All songs are written by Malcolm Young (guitar) and Angus Young (guitar).
Stephen Crawford Young (born 11 December 1956 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish musician, and the rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist for the Australian hard rock band, AC/DC.
 He officially joined the band in September 2014, replacing his uncle, Malcolm Young who retired due to dementia.
 He had previously filled in for Malcolm on AC/DC's 1988 U.S. tour.
AC/DC are a hard rock band formed in Sydney, Australia in 1973 by brothers Angus and Malcolm Young.
 Although the band are considered pioneers of heavy metal, its members have always classified their music as "rock 'n' roll".
 AC/DC underwent several line-up changes before releasing their first album, "High Voltage", in 1975.
 Membership remained stable until bassist Cliff Williams replaced Mark Evans in 1977.
 In 1979, the band recorded their highly successful album "Highway to Hell".
 Lead singer and co-songwriter Bon Scott died on 19 February 1980, after a night of heavy alcohol consumption.
 The group briefly considered disbanding, but soon ex-Geordie singer Brian Johnson was selected as Scott's replacement.
 Later that year, the band released their best-selling album, "Back in Black".
 The band's next album, "For Those About to Rock We Salute You", was also highly successful and was their first album to reach number one in the United States.
 AC/DC declined in popularity soon after the departure of drummer Phil Rudd in 1983.
 Poor record sales continued until the release of "The Razors Edge" in 1990.
 Phil Rudd returned in 1994 and contributed to the band's 1995 album "Ballbreaker". "
Stiff Upper Lip" was released in 2000 and was well received by critics.
 The band's new album "Black Ice" was announced in June 2008 and was released on October 20, 2008.
 The album's first single, "Rock 'N Roll Train", earned AC/DC a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Group or Duo with Vocals.
 Another "Black Ice" track, "War Machine," gained AC/DC their first Grammy Award win, for Best Hard Rock Performance.
Blow Up Your Video is an album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC.
 It was the band's tenth internationally released studio album and the eleventh to be released in Australia.
 First released in Europe and Australia on 18 January 1988, it was later released in the US on 1 February 1988.
 The album was recorded at the Miraval Studio in Le Val, France, in between August and September 1987 with all songs written by Malcolm Young (guitar), Angus Young (guitar) and Brian Johnson (vocals) The album was re-released in 2003 as part of the "AC/DC Remasters" series.
