Stafford Common railway station was a former British railway station on the outskirts of Stafford.
Vanna White (born Vanna Marie Rosich; February 18, 1957) is an American television personality and film actress best known as the hostess of "Wheel of Fortune" since 1982.
White Bear and Red Moon is a fantasy board wargame set in the world of Glorantha, created by Greg Stafford and published in 1975.
 Stafford originally started the game publishing company Chaosium to produce and market the game.
Tom Stafford is an American astronomer who has discovered a number of asteroids since 1997, including 12061 Alena, 12533 Edmond, 13436 Enid, 13688 Oklahoma and 15904 Halstead at Zeno Observatory (observatory code 727) in Edmond, Oklahoma.
 He is the son of Joseph W. Stafford and Alena Ruth Robbins, both now deceased, and has a sister, Susan Halstead.
Union Station is a bluegrass / country band associated with singer Alison Krauss.
 The act established in 1987 as a backup band for Krauss is usually referred to as Alison Krauss and Union Station and was initially made up of Krauss, Jeff White, Mike Harman and John Pennell.
 Later additions included Tim Stafford, Ron Block, Adam Steffey, Barry Bales and Larry Atamanuik.
 In 1992, Tim Stafford was replaced by guitar and mandolin player Dan Tyminski and in 1998, Steffey left and was replaced by dobro player Jerry Douglas.
Chaosium Inc. is one of the oldest publishers of role-playing games still in existence.
 Established by Greg Stafford in 1975, its first title was the board game "White Bear and Red Moon" (later renamed "Dragon Pass"), set in Stafford's fictional fantasy gaming world of Glorantha.
 Over the years Chaosium has published many acclaimed and award-winning games.
 These include the roleplaying games "RuneQuest", set in Glorantha, and "Call of Cthulhu", based on the stories of H.P. Lovecraft.
Goddess of Love is a 1988 American made-for-television fantasy film directed by Jim Drake and written by Don Segall and Phil Margo.
 The film premiered November 20, 1988 on NBC.
 It starred Vanna White.
White Rocks National Recreation Area is a United States National Recreation Area located in southern Vermont, United States, within the Green Mountain National Forest.
 The Peru Peak and Big Branch Wilderness areas are within White Rocks NRA.
 On January 17, 2006 President George W. Bush signed Pub.L.
 110–1 , which renamed the park to the Robert T. Stafford White Rocks National Recreation Area, after Robert Stafford, former Governor of Vermont, United States Representative, and U.S. Senator.
Stafford Farm is a 100-acre farm in the Glendale section of Voorhees, New Jersey.
 In 1773, it was originally settled by the son of John Stafford, on nearby Short Hills Farm in Cherry Hill.
 John Stafford was George Washington's personal guard during the American Revolutionary War.
 The current location of the farm, located at the busy intersection of Evesham Road (County Route 544) and White Horse Road (County Route 673), has been owned by its original family—longer than any other property in Voorhees.
 Motorists driving by the farm and those nearby at local shopping centers across the street can see the grazing horses and cattle.
 In addition, Standardbred race horses can be seen trotting and pacing around a half-mile training track on clear days.
 There were plans to develop a shopping center on the farm's property.
 Development did not occur, due to the efforts made by the township, county, and state to protect the land.
Susan Stafford (born Susanna Gail Carney January 27, 1942) is an American former model, actress and television host.
 She was the original hostess of the American game show "Wheel of Fortune" from January 6, 1975 until she left on October 22, 1982.
 She returned briefly to "Wheel of Fortune" in 1986 to substitute for Vanna White.
