Koningsdag (] ) or King's Day is a national holiday in the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
 Celebrated on 27 April (26 April if the 27th is a Sunday), the date marks the birth of King Willem-Alexander.
Garifuna Settlement Day is a public holiday in Belize, celebrated each year on November 19.
 The holiday was created by Belizean civil rights activist, Thomas Vincent Ramos, in 1941.
 It was recognized as a public holiday in the southern districts of Belize in 1943, and declared a national holiday in 1977.
 The holiday celebrates the settlement of the Garifuna people in Belize after being exiled from the Grenadines by the British army.
 The major festivities for the holiday occur in the town of Dangriga, including parades, street music, and traditional dancing.
White Sunday is a national holiday in Samoa falling on the second Sunday of October, with the Monday following a public holiday.
 It is a day for parents and communities to acknowledge and celebrate childhood by hosting special programs during church services which include scriptural recitations.
 Biblical story reenactments, and creative dance performances.
 Children receive gifts (often new clothing and/or school supplies) on White Sunday and are allowed privileges normally reserved for elders, such as being the first to be served food at family meal time.
Christmas in the Basque Country starts with the of Santo Tomas on 21 December, a celebration in which most people go out onto the streets to dance and eat talo with txistorra (a type of Basque chorizo).
 They wear a traditional outfit called the casera dress.
 For girls it consists of a long skirt and a long-sleeved old-fashioned shirt with headscarves and aprons.
 The boys wear a long black shirt, trousers and txapela (traditional black beret).
 The casera outfits are normally dark blue, but can come in many colors.
 They wear caseras because that is what the people of the mountain wear and the holiday used to celebrate the peasants who sold their goods in town and came on Santo Tomas to pay rent to landlords in the city.
The Eighth was a federal holiday in the United States from 1828 until 1861.
 It honored the Battle of New Orleans, which took place on January 8, 1815, with Tennessee's Andrew Jackson leading a successful battle against regular British soldiers and freed slaves.
 The holiday was celebrated widely across the US South after this final battle in the War of 1812.
 "The Eighth" became an official national holiday in 1828, following Jackson's election as President.
 The Eighth continued as an official national holiday from 1828 until the advent of the American Civil War.
Jounen Kwéyòl (Creole Day) is celebrated in Saint Lucia on the last Sunday of October across the entire island, and has been held annually since 1984.
 On the Sunday of this week, the various towns chosen to host this festival put out the result of their grand preparations; local dishes and foods such as roast breadfruit, Green Fig and Salt Fish (The National Dish of Saint Lucia), plantain, king fish, Manicou (opossum), Souse (a soup made with pork and often cucumber), fried bake and floats, Accra (a fried dough which contains salt fish), Paime (otherwise known as Conkies) and a famous dish known as Bouillon (fish, chicken or meat stewed with dasheen, yams, plantains, banana and dumplings) Also local drinks such as Cocoa Tea, Golden Apple Juice, Guava Juice and more.
 Apart from the food part, the event is collaborated with kweyol music some of which have been past down to and from many generations.
 The most widely used instrument besides vocals are the Tambos (drums) and are beaten throughout as people speak in the creole language and have a merry time.
 Most people commemorate this day by wearing the island's National Wear such as the Wob Dwiete.
 Persons who do not want to wear the extreme layers of skirts and dresses make clothing out of special plaid material called Madras which is one of the cloths used in the national wear.
 Among the places which celebrate it every year are Mon Repos and Dennery.
Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day (French: "Fête de la Saint-Jean-Baptiste" ), officially known in Quebec as the National Holiday, (French: "la fête nationale" ) is a holiday celebrated annually on June 24, the feast day of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist.
 In Quebec, it is a public holiday with festivities occurring on June 23 and 24 which are publicly financed and organized by a "Comité organisateur de la fête nationale" (National Holiday Organizing Committee).
 June 24 is also celebrated as a festival of French Canadian culture in other Canadian provinces and the United States.
Oranjegekte (Orange craze) or Oranjekoorts (Orange fever) is a phenomenon in the Netherlands that occurs during major sporting events, especially international football championships, and during Koningsdag, an annual holiday celebrating the king's birthday.
 It manifests itself in the wearing of orange clothing such as T-shirts, caps and scarfs; lavish attention for sports and sports fans in the media; and the decoration of cars, rooms, houses, shops, and even entire streets in orange, the traditional color of the Dutch royal family, the House of Orange-Nassau.
Children's Day (こどもの日 , Kodomo no Hi ) is a Japanese national holiday which takes place annually on May 5, the fifth day of the fifth month, and is the final celebration in Golden Week.
 It is a day set aside to respect children's personalities and to celebrate their happiness.
 It was designated a national holiday by the Japanese government in 1948.
 It has been a day of celebration in Japan since ancient times.
Queen's Day or "Koninginnedag" is the former name of a national holiday in the Netherlands, the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba from 1890 to 2013.
 It has since been renamed King's Day or "Koningsdag" to honor the birthday of King Willem-Alexander.
