Enkidu ( EN.KI.DU, "Enki's creation") is a central figure in the Ancient Mesopotamian "Epic of Gilgamesh".
 Enkidu was formed from clay and saliva by Aruru, the goddess of creation, to rid Gilgamesh of his arrogance.
 In the story he is a wild man, raised by animals and ignorant of human society until he is bedded by Shamhat.
 Thereafter a series of interactions with humans and human ways bring him closer to civilization, culminating in a wrestling match with Gilgamesh, king of Uruk.
 Enkidu embodies the wild or natural world.
 Though equal to Gilgamesh in strength and bearing, he acts in some ways as an antithesis to the cultured, urban-bred warrior-king.
 Enkidu then becomes the king's constant companion and deeply beloved friend, accompanying him on adventures until he is stricken with illness and dies.
 The deep, tragic loss of Enkidu profoundly inspires in Gilgamesh a quest to escape death by obtaining godly immortality.
The cuneiform sign ur (𒌨</a> ) is a common-use sign in the "<a href="Epic%20of%20Gilgamesh">Epic of Gilgamesh</a>", the <a href="Amarna%20letters">Amarna letters</a>, and other cuneiform texts.
 It has multiple sub-uses in the "Epic of Gilgamesh", as well as use for the sumerogram (capital letter (majuscule)), UR.
 In the Epic, "UR" is used to spell Akkadian language "barbaru", "wolf", as "UR.BAR.RA (in Tablet VI, and Tablet XI).
Roozahang (روزآهنگ) is the Avestan language name of a Zoroastrian benevolent divinity associated with life-bringing rainfall and fertility.
 Roozahang or Tishtrya is Tir in Middle- and Modern Persian.
 As has been judged from the archaic context in which Tishtrya (Roozahang) appears in the texts of the Avesta, the divinity/concept is almost certainly of Indo-Iranian origin.
Mayahuel (] ) is the female divinity associated with the maguey plant among cultures of central Mexico in the Postclassic era of pre-Columbian Mesoamerican chronology, and in particular of the Aztec cultures.
 As the personification of the maguey plant, Mayahuel was also part of a complex of interrelated maternal and fertility goddesses in Aztec mythology and is also connected with notions of fecundity and nourishment.
The "Epic of Gilgamesh" has directly inspired many manifestations of literature, art, music, and popular culture, as identified by Theodore Ziolkowski in the book "Gilgamesh Among Us: Modern Encounters With the Ancient Epic" (2011).
 It was only during and after the First World War that the first reliable translations of the epic appeared that reached a wide audience, and it was only after the Second World War that the epic of Gilgamesh began to make itself felt more broadly in a variety of genres.
Secondary fermentation is a process commonly associated with winemaking, which entails a second period of fermentation in a different vessel than the one used to start the fermentation process.
 An example of this would be starting fermentation in a carboy or stainless steel tank and then moving it over to oak barrels.
 Rather than being a separate, second fermentation, this is most often one single fermentation period that is conducted in multiple vessels.
 However, the term does also apply to procedures that could be described as a second and distinct fermentation period.
The Epic of Gilgamesh is an epic poem from ancient Mesopotamia that is often regarded as the earliest surviving great work of literature.
 The literary history of Gilgamesh begins with five Sumerian poems about 'Bilgamesh' (Sumerian for 'Gilgamesh'), king of Uruk, dating from the Third Dynasty of Ur (circa 2100 BC).
 These independent stories were later used as source material for a combined epic.
 The first surviving version of this combined epic, known as the "Old Babylonian" version, dates to the 18th century BC and is titled after its "incipit", Shūtur eli sharrī ("Surpassing All Other Kings").
 Only a few tablets of it have survived.
 The later "Standard" version dates from the 13th to the 10th centuries BC and bears the "incipit" Sha naqba īmuru ("He who Saw the Deep", in modern terms: "He who Sees the Unknown").
 Approximately two thirds of this longer, twelve-tablet version have been recovered.
 Some of the best copies were discovered in the library ruins of the 7th-century BC Assyrian king Ashurbanipal.
Siduri is a character in the Epic of Gilgamesh.
 She is an "alewife", a wise female divinity associated with fermentation (specifically beer and wine).
The cuneiform ta sign is a common, multi-use sign of the "Epic of Gilgamesh", the 1350 BC Amarna letters, and other cuneiform texts.
 It also has a sumerogrammic usage for TA, for example in the "Epic of Gilgamesh", for Akkadian language ""ultu"", English language for "from", or "since", but in only (1) location in the 12 tablet "Epic of Gilgamesh".
 Sumerogram "TA" is used elsewhere in the Epic, (7) more times.
The Gilgamesh flood myth is a flood myth in the "Epic of Gilgamesh".
 Many scholars believe that the flood myth was added to Tablet XI in the "standard version" of the Gilgamesh Epic by an editor who utilized the flood story from the Epic of Atrahasis.
 A short reference to the flood myth is also present in the much older Sumerian Gilgamesh poems, from which the later Babylonian versions drew much of their inspiration and subject matter.
