Olive Sarah Gilbert (22 November 1898 – 19 February 1981) was a British singer and actress, who, in a career spanning seven decades, performed first in opera and then in many of Ivor Novello's musicals in London's West End.
Agnes von Hohenstaufen is an opera in three acts by the Italian composer Gaspare Spontini.
 The German libretto is by Ernst Benjamin Salomo Raupach.
 It was first staged at the Königliches Opernhaus, Berlin, on 12 June 1829.
 Raupach categorised "Agnes von Hohenstaufen" as a "historical-romantic" opera and it is one of a number of German works of the time set in the Middle Ages (others include Weber's "Euryanthe", Wagner's "Tannhäuser" and "Lohengrin" and Schumann's "Genoveva").
 "Agnes" also contains many of the features that would be characteristic of French Grand Opera.
 Spontini substantially reworked the piece for a revival in 1837.
"Zauvijek volim te" (Cyrillic: Заувијек волим те, English translation: "I Love You Forever") is a song performed by Stefan Filipović, and was the Montenegrin entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
 It was performed first in the first semi-final on May 20, 2008 but failed to make it to the final.
 It got 23 points in total (12 from Bosnia and Herzegovina, 10 from Slovenia and 1 point from San Marino), which was enough only for a 14th place.The 10 and 12 points given make this song the best Montenegrin entry so far.
Thaïs (] ) is an opera, a "comédie lyrique" in three acts and seven tableaux, by Jules Massenet to a French libretto by Louis Gallet, based on the novel "Thaïs" by Anatole France.
 It was first performed at the Opéra Garnier in Paris on 16 March 1894, starring the American soprano Sibyl Sanderson, for whom Massenet had written the title role.
 The original production was directed by Alexandre Lapissida, with costumes designed by Charles Bianchini and sets by Marcel Jambon (act 1, scene 1; act 3) and Eugène Carpezat (act 1, scene 2; act 2).
 The opera was later revised by the composer and was premiered at the same opera house on 13 April 1898.
"Te Siento" (English: I Feel You) is a song performed by reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel.
 The song is taken from Wisin & Yandel's re-release studio album "Evolution".
 It was released as the third single on December 15, 2009.
 On November 5, 2009 a part of the song was performed first time on the Latin Grammy Awards 2009 along with "Abusadora", using a short intro-video to perform.
Renée Fleming (born February 14, 1959) is an American opera singer and soprano whose repertoire encompasses Richard Strauss, Mozart, Handel, bel canto, lieder, French opera and chansons, jazz and indie rock.
 Fleming has a full lyric soprano voice.
 She has performed coloratura, lyric, and lighter spinto soprano operatic roles in Italian, German, French, Czech, and Russian, aside from her native English.
 She also speaks fluent German and French, along with limited Italian.
 Her signature roles include Countess Almaviva in Mozart's "Le nozze di Figaro", Desdemona in Verdi's "Otello", Violetta in Verdi's "La traviata", the title role in Dvořák's "Rusalka", the title role in Massenet's "Manon", the title role in Massenet's "Thaïs", the title role in Richard Strauss's "Arabella", the Marschallin in "Der Rosenkavalier", and the Countess in "Capriccio".
Euryanthe is a German "grand, heroic, romantic" opera by Carl Maria von Weber, first performed at the Theater am Kärntnertor, Vienna on 25 October 1823.
 Though acknowledged as one of Weber's most important operas, the work is rarely staged because of the weak libretto by Helmina von Chézy (who, incidentally, was also the author of the failed play "Rosamunde", for which Franz Schubert wrote music).
 "Euryanthe" is based on the 13th-century romance ""L'Histoire du très-noble et chevalereux prince Gérard, comte de Nevers et la très-virtueuse et très chaste princesse Euriant de Savoye, sa mye.""
Sweetwater was an American rock band originally from Los Angeles, California.
 They were the act scheduled to open the Woodstock Festival in 1969; however, due to being stopped by the police on their way to the festival, folksinger Richie Havens' trio (Daniel Ben Zebulon, percussion, Paul "Deano" Williams, guitar, backing vocals) performed first.
 Sweetwater performed next, becoming the first band to perform at the festival.
A ganglionectomy, also called a gangliectomy, is the surgical removal of a ganglion.
 The removal of a ganglion cyst usually requires a ganglionectomy.
 Such cysts usually form on the hand, foot or wrist and may cause pain or impair body function.
 Aspiration of the cyst and steroid injections are typically performed first.
 If they fail, the cyst is excised under local, regional or even general anesthetic.
 Ganglionectomies are also performed for other reasons, such as the treatment of chronic pain.
"Dio, come ti amo" (English translation: "God, How I Love You") was performed first time as duo by Domenico Modugno and Gigliola Cinquetti in San Remo Festival, 1966.
 Later it was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in Italian by Domenico Modugno.
