WGPL is a neighborhood in southwestern Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
 Its name is an acronym for each street in the neighborhood - Wabash Drive, Lackawanna Drive, Goodrich Avenue, Pensacola Drive, and Norfolk Drive.
 It is located between Rosemont Garden, Southland Drive, Nicholasville Road, and the Norfolk Southern railroad tracks.
 WGPL is part of a larger neighborhood in Lexington called Pensacola Park, which includes Suburban Court, Rosemont Garden, and Penmoken Park, according to the Fayette County Property Value Administrator.
Skycrest is a neighborhood in southwestern Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
 It takes its name from its location on a ridge between Wolf Run Creek and Vaughns Branch Creek that provides a panoramic view downtown Lexington.
 Its boundaries are Della Drive to the north, Beacon Hill Drive to the west, Furlong Drive and Spring Meadows Drive to the south, and Harrodsburg Road to the east.
The Great Lakes XTBG-1, also known as "Avenger" (a name coincidentally used for the successful Grumman TBF), was an American prototype torpedo bomber, intended for service in the United States Navy as part of that service's plan to modernise its aerial striking force in the mid-1930s.
 The XTBG-1 was outperformed by the competing TBD Devastator, however, in addition to having instability problems and only a single prototype of the three-seat design was constructed during 1935.
George Stoneman Jr. (August 8, 1822 – September 5, 1894) was a United States Army cavalry officer, trained at West Point, where his roommate was Stonewall Jackson.
 In the Civil War he became Adjutant to George B. McClellan, who did not appreciate the use of centralized cavalry, and was therefore outperformed by the Confederates, who did.
The Grumman F4F Wildcat is an American carrier-based fighter aircraft that began service with both the United States Navy and the British Royal Navy (as the Martlet) in 1940.
 First used in combat by the British in Europe, the Wildcat was the only effective fighter available to the United States Navy and Marine Corps in the Pacific Theater during the early part of World War II in 1941 and 1942; the disappointing Brewster Buffalo was withdrawn in favor of the Wildcat and replaced as units became available.
 With a top speed of 318 mph , the Wildcat was outperformed by the faster 331 mph , more maneuverable, and longer-ranged Mitsubishi A6M Zero.
 However, the F4F's ruggedness, coupled with tactics such as the Thach Weave, resulted in a claimed air combat kill-to-loss ratio of 5.9:1 in 1942 and 6.9:1 for the entire war.
The "Billboard" 200 is a record chart ranking the 200 most popular music albums and EPs in the United States.
 It is published weekly by "Billboard" magazine.
 It is frequently used to convey the popularity of an artist or groups of artists.
 Often, a recording act will be remembered by its "number ones", those of their albums that outperformed all others during at least one week.
Gardenside is a neighborhood in southwestern Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
 Its boundaries are a combination of Darien Drive, Traveler Road, Appomattox Drive, and Alexandria Drive to the west, Wolf Run Creek to the north, Beacon Hill Drive to the east, and Lane Allen Road to the south.
The Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress is a four-engine heavy bomber developed in the 1930s for the United States Army Air Corps (USAAC).
 Competing against Douglas and Martin for a contract to build 200 bombers, the Boeing entry (prototype Model 299/XB-17) outperformed both competitors and exceeded the air corps' performance specifications.
 Although Boeing lost the contract (to the Douglas B-18 Bolo) because the prototype crashed, the air corps ordered 13 more B-17s for further evaluation.
 From its introduction in 1938, the B-17 Flying Fortress evolved through numerous design advances, becoming the third-most produced bomber of all time, behind the B-24 and the multirole Ju 88.
City Park is a development in Houston, Texas, United States that encompasses the subdivisions of City Park and City Park West.
 The neighborhood, consisting of 1,500 houses, is on a 375 acre tract along Orem Drive, between Texas State Highway 288 and Almeda Road.
 City Park, located along Sims Bayou, is centered at the intersection of Kirby Drive and West Orem Drive.
 Jenna Colley of the "Houston Business Journal" said that the subdivision is one seven-minute drive away from the Texas Medical Center.
Driving in the United States is similar to driving in Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom but different from Europe, Asia, and Africa.
 Like most countries in the world, United States traffic drives on the right.
 It is not uncommon for Americans to drive more than an hour each way to work, and 77% of Americans drive alone to their work, while an additional 11% carpool.
 Most states allow people to drive unaccompanied once they have reached the age of sixteen, and all states require that one obtain a driver's license before they may operate a motor vehicle.
 All states recognize each other's driver's licenses, and Canada will recognize an American driver's license for a short visit.
 Driving while intoxicated is illegal in the United States.
