Katrina Laverne Taylor (born December 3, 1978), better known by her stage name Trina, is an American rapper.
 Trina first gained notoriety in 1998 with her appearance on Trick Daddy's second studio album "www.thug.com" on the single "Nann Nigga".
 Since then, she has released five moderately successful studio albums.
 "XXL Magazine" calls her "the most consistent female rapper of all time".
 "Source Magazine" celebrated Trina's career for the 2012 Women's History month.
 In 2013, "Complex Magazine" ranked "Pull Over" #27 in their Top 50 Best Rap Songs by Women.
 In 2014, Trina was included in "Billboard"' s list of the "31 Female Rappers Who Changed Hip-Hop".
 As of 2017, Trina has sold over 6 million records worldwide.
Www.thug.Com (stylized as www.thug.com) is the second studio album by rapper Trick Daddy, who previously released his debut album known at the time under the name as Trick Daddy Dollars coming on the heels of "Based on a True Story".
 It was released on September 22, 1998 by Warlock Records and Slip-n-Slide Records.
 The album managed to peak at number thirty on the "Billboard" 200, the fifth-highest peak of any Trick Daddy album.
 On July 2, 1999, less than a year after its release, the album achieved Gold status.
 www.thug.com was also the URL of Trick Daddy's official website.
Thug Misses is the debut album by American rapper Khia.
 The album was originally released in the United States on October 30, 2001, but more widely released on April 23, 2002 through Divine Records.
 The album spawned the single "My Neck, My Back (Lick It)", peaking at No. 33 on the US "Billboard" 200 and certified Gold by the RIAA in September 2002.
 As of June 2007 the album had sold 611,000 copies in the US.
"My Neck, My Back (Lick It)" is a song written and recorded by American rapper Khia.
 It was released in April 2002 as the lead single from her debut album, "Thug Misses".
 Due to its sexually explicit lyrics, an edited version of the song was released to mainstream radio.
 The song reached number 42 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
 It also reached the top five in the United Kingdom two years later and the top fifteen in Australia.
Gangstress is the second studio album by American rapper Khia.
 The album was released by Thug Misses Entertainment and Warlock Records on July 11, 2006 in the United States.
 The album was fully produced by Khia.
 It debuted at #67 on the "Billboard"'s Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
EggHunt Records is an independent record label based in Richmond, Virginia.
 The label was founded by Adam Henceroth and Gregory Gendron in spring of 2014.
 EggHunt Records focuses on upcoming, independent artists and releases material on cassette, CD, and vinyl physical formats, as well as digital download and streaming online.
 EggHunt Records maintains an active roster of artists who have toured with notable acts such as The War on Drugs and Houndmouth.
 EggHunt Records alumni include Lucy Dacus, whose debut album, "No Burden", was released on EggHunt Records in 2016.
 In 2017, EggHunt Records signed Eric Slick of Dr. Dog to release his solo debut album, "Palisades".
Exiting Arm (stylized as ExitingARM) is the third studio album by American hip hop sextet Subtle.
 It was released on Lex Records in 2008.
 It is "the latest chapter in the story of Hour Hero Yes, the middle-class rapper whose rise and struggles are chronicled told on 2004's "A New White" and 2006's ""."
Rhett Lawrence is an American record producer and songwriter, who has been described as a visionary who has the ability to create career-defining hits for artists.
 Throughout his career, Lawrence’s creative contributions helped generate sales of over 225 million records and he received over 725 gold, platinum and diamond awards worldwide.
 He has produced, mentored, and helped launch the career of 5 of the top 200 artists of all time who have sold over 350,000,000 records worldwide.
 He has worked with 30 of the top 500 artists of all time who have sold over 2.2 billion records worldwide.
 Many of these artist are also in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Andre "Dre" Allen (born April 18, 1975) is an American actor, singer-songwriter, music video director, film producer, author, entrepreneur, and record producer.
 Born in California's bay area, Dre Allen is also the founding member of Los Angeles-based 1990s pop and R & B group IV Xample, whose debut album "For Example" sold over 500,000 copies worldwide due to the success of their debut single "I'd Rather Be Alone".
The Spice Girls were an English pop girl group formed in 1994.
 The group originally consisted of Melanie Brown ("Scary Spice"), Melanie Chisholm ("Sporty Spice"), Emma Bunton ("Baby Spice"), Geri Halliwell ("Ginger Spice"), and Victoria Beckham, née Adams ("Posh Spice").
 They were signed to Virgin Records and released their debut single "Wannabe" in 1996, which hit number one in 37 countries and established them as a global phenomenon.
 Their debut album "Spice" sold more than 31 million copies worldwide, becoming the best-selling album by a female group in history.
 Their follow-up album "Spiceworld" sold over 20 million copies worldwide.
 The Spice Girls have sold 85 million records worldwide, making them the best-selling female group of all time, one of the best-selling pop groups of all time, and the biggest British pop phenomenon since Beatlemania.
 Among the highest profile acts in 1990s British popular culture, "Time" called them "arguably the most recognisable face" of Cool Britannia, the mid-1990s celebration of youth culture in the UK.
