The Amazing Adrenalini Brothers is a 2D Flash animation series for television.
 It was commissioned by CITV and Cartoon Network in the UK, YTV and VRAK.TV in Canada and is a co-production between UK studio Pesky and Studio B Productions in Vancouver, British Columbia.
 The series aired on CITV and for a short while on Cartoon Network in 2007.
 Reruns were later shown on Boomerang from 2009 to 2011.
 From 2005 to 2006, "The Amazing Adrenalini Brothers" was a part of Cartoon Network's "Sunday Pants".
Cartoon Network Too was a British TV network created by Turner Broadcasting.
 CN Too is the sister station of Cartoon Network, and it often aired programmes a while after they are shown on the main Cartoon Network.
 During the daytime, it usually aired some action-adventure programming such as "" and "".
 During overnight hours, usually between midnight and 06:00, it also aired some shows which are no longer being produced, and are no longer in high demand (i.e. "Skatoony").
 Cartoon Network Too was closed on 1 April 2014.
Cartoon Network refers to two digital children's TV channels broadcasting animated programs: Cartoon Network MENA, which serves the Middle East and North Africa region (excluding Israel, Iran and Turkey) along with Cyprus; and Cartoon Network Africa (formerly known as Cartoon Network HQ), which serves Sub-Saharan Africa.
 Cartoon Network was created by Turner Broadcasting System, a unit of Time Warner.
 Cartoon Network UK/Europe (the direct precursor to Cartoon Network feeds in the EMEA region, including Cartoon Network HQ) was launched on September 17, 1993.
 In October 1999, Cartoon Network UK became a separate feed from Cartoon Network HQ, but initially had a nearly identical schedule to Cartoon Network HQ until the latter became completely independent from the UK feed in 2001.
Spliced is a Canadian animated television series produced by Teletoon and Nelvana.
 The series made its world premiere on Jetix in Latin America on April 20, 2009.
 The series has aired in Canada on Teletoon, in the United States on Qubo, in Australia on ABC3, in the United Kingdom on Nicktoons, in Latin America on Disney XD, and in Sweden on Nickelodeon.
 The series began airing in the United States on Qubo on September 19, 2009 until the network dropped it from its lineup on October 24, 2009 but returned on September 28, 2010 as part of its "Night Owl" block and was discontinued on March 31, 2012.
 Beginning early in 2014, YTV began airing reruns on weekdays.
 In 2014, the series was added onto the "Always On" digital platform of Cartoon Network in the United States.
 It was removed in early 2015.
6teen is a Canadian animated sitcom which premiered in Canada on November 7, 2004 on Teletoon.
 Despite being an original Cartoon Network series, in the US, "6teen" premiered on Nickelodeon on December 18, 2005 and was removed from the schedule on May 13, 2006, and was later relaunched on Cartoon Network in 2008.
 "6teen" has been aired on The N and Cartoon Network in the United States.
Skatoony (stylized as SKAToonY) is an American/British/Canadian/Arabic children's animated game show, pitting live-action kids against cartoons.
 The series is co-produced with Talent Television (for the British version), Blink Studios (for the Arabic version), and Marblemedia with Smiley Guy Studios (for the North American version).
 The series used to air on Cartoon Network in the UK.
 Reruns are still occasionally shown on Teletoon in Canada.
 Now it is online in the US on Toon Goggles.
 On the U.S. television, the show will premiere on Starz.
 It is hosted by 'Chudd Chudders' (voiced by Rupert Degas in the UK and Jonathan Wilson in North America) and 'The Earl' (voiced by Lewis MacLeod in UK and James Rankin in North America).
Loonatics Unleashed is an American animated television series produced by Warner Bros.
 Animation that ran on the Kids' WB for two seasons from 2005 to 2007 in the United States, Teletoon in Canada, Kids Central (now known as Okto) in Singapore, Cartoon Network's Boomerang in Australia, Cartoon Network in the UK, Italy, Southeast Asia and Latin America, and Canal 5 in Mexico.
 It is still broadcasting in reruns on the Clan channel of the Televisión Española network in Spain.
The Moxy Show (also known as The Moxy Pirate Show and The Moxy & Flea Show), is an American animated anthology television series produced by Turner Production for Cartoon Network.
 The show ran on December 5, 1993, originally as "The Moxy Pirate Show", and consisted of classic cartoons divided by 3-D animated interstitials featuring Moxy and Flea, respectively a dog and a flea.
 The show ran on Cartoon Network from December 5, 1993 to April 1, 2000 including reruns apparently, but the last ever episode was made in 1995, that being the sole episode for "The Moxy & Flea Show".
 It is considered the first original series on Cartoon Network, but "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" was Cartoon Network's first fully produced series.
Chop Socky Chooks is a computer-animated series that ran on Cartoon Network from March 7, 2008 until January 31, 2010.
 produced by Aardman Animations, Decode Entertainment, and Cartoon Network that debuted on 7 March 2008.
 It was created by animator Sergio Delfino, a prominent animator at Sony Pictures Imageworks.
 Reruns of the show currently air in Eastern Europe on Cartoon Network and on Teletoon, and previously aired in the USA on Cartoon Network.
 The name is from "chop socky," which is slang for the Asian martial arts film genre, and "chook", which is Australian and New Zealand slang for chicken.
The sixth and final season of the Canadian animated television series "Johnny Test" originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
 The season was announced by Teletoon on June 12, 2012, consisting of 26 episodes, with two segments each.
 In the United States, the season premiered on Boomerang on April 2, 2013 and on Cartoon Network on April 23.
 In Canada, it began airing on September 4, 2013 on Teletoon.
