The HTC Touch Diamond, also known as the HTC P3700 or its codename the HTC Diamond, is a Windows Mobile 6.1-powered Pocket PC designed and manufactured by HTC.
 It is the first device to feature TouchFLO 3D - a new version of the TouchFLO interface, unique to the Touch family.
 The HTC Touch Diamond was first available in Hong Kong in late May 2008.
 It was available across all major European carriers in June 2008, and later in the year in other parts of the world.
 The American Touch Diamond was launched on September 14, 2008 on the Sprint network, and April 10, 2009 on the Verizon Wireless network.
 The European release date was slightly delayed by a last-minute ROM update.
 The carrier bound names for this phone include T-Mobile MDA Compact IV, O2 XDA Diamond and O2 XDA Ignito.
 It is the official successor of the HTC Touch.
 The successor to the Touch Diamond - the HTC Touch Diamond2 - was announced in February 2009 for Q2 2009 release outside the US and Q4 release estimated for North America.
CANTV (BVC: TDV.D) is one of the first telephone service enterprises in Venezuela, founded in 1930.
 The company was re-nationalized in 2007 and is the largest telecommunications provider in Venezuela.
Gibtelecom is the largest telecommunications provider in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar.
 Its headquarters is located on John Mackintosh Square.
A telecommunications lease is a lease that exists between a telecommunications provider or wireless company, and a landowner.
 Similar to other real estate leases, a telecommunications lease is put in place as an agreement to lease space on the landowner’s property for a telecommunications site or cellular tower for a specified length of time.
 In exchange for the use of space, the telecommunications provider (also referenced as a tenant) agrees to pay the landowner (a monthly or annual) rent.
 Telecom leases can be excellent sources of ancillary income, in some cases providing the landowner with thousands of dollars per month.
Vietnam Mobile Telecom Services One Member Limited Liability Company (with the brand MobiFone Vietnamese: "Tổng công ty Viễn Thông MobiFone" ) is a major Vietnamese mobile network operator headquartered in Trung Hoa Nhan Chinh, Hanoi.
 Founded on 16 April 1993, as a GSM launcher, MobiFone is the first and currently third largest telecommunications provider in Vietnam.
The HTC U11 is an Android smartphone manufactured and sold by HTC as part of the HTC U series.
 It was announced on 16 May 2017 and succeeds the HTC 10 smartphone.
 In the US, the HTC U11's major carrier is Sprint, however it is also compatible with unlocked carriers, such as AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon networks.
AT&T Inc. is an American multinational telecommunications conglomerate, headquartered at Whitacre Tower in downtown Dallas, Texas.
 AT&T is the world's largest telecommunications company.
 AT&T is the second largest provider of mobile telephone services and the largest provider of fixed telephone services in the United States, and also provides broadband subscription television services through DirecTV; combined with AT&T's legacy U-verse service, this also makes AT&T the largest pay television operator.
 AT&T is the second-largest company in Texas, behind ExxonMobil.
 s of February 2017 , AT&T is the 12th largest company in the world (non-oil and overall) as measured by a composite of revenues, profits, assets and market valuation.
 AT&T is the largest telecommunications company in the world by revenue.
 s of 2017 , it is also the 18th-largest mobile telecom operator in the world, with 134 million mobile customers.
 AT&T was ranked at #4 on the 2017 rankings of the world's most valuable brands published by Brand Finance.
Telecommunications in the United Arab Emirates is under the control and supervision of the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (TRA) which was established under UAE Federal Law by Decree No. 3 of 2003.
 From 1976 to 2006 the Emirates Telecommunications Corporation (Etisalat) was the sole telephone and telecommunications provider for the UAE.
 And while there were exceptions for free zones and modern housing developments, for the majority of the UAE, Etisalat held a monopoly on business and personal telecommunications services.
 In February 2006, this monopoly became a duopoly when a new telephone company and Internet service provider (ISP), du, was established to offer mobile services across the UAE and Internet and TV services to some free zone areas.
 However, due to geographical distribution of service areas, the companies do not compete for customers and thus effectively operate as monopolies.
 Earlier du provided triple play services to free zone areas under the name Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company (EITC), which is still its legal name.
Sunrise Communications AG (commonly known as Sunrise), is a Swiss telecommunications provider based in Zurich.
 It has 2.99 million customers making it the second largest telecommunications company in Switzerland after Swisscom.
 It provides mobile and landline phone and internet services.
 Since March 2010, Sunrise headquarters is located at Binzmühlestrasse 130 in Zurich after moving there from the "Sunrise Tower".
 Formerly a subsidiary of TDC A/S, Sunrise had been owned by CVC Capital Partners until 2015.
 In February 2015, CVC realised an IPO on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
 Since then, Sunrise stocks are publicly traded at the Swiss Stock Exchange.
T-2 is the second largest telecommunications provider in Slovenia.
 It was established on 11 May 2004.
