Stealth inflation is a type of charges or fees created by businesses to gain extra profit and revenue from its customers.
 The stealth part of the term is that business will often use miscellaneous fees to charge customers without the customers even knowing the fees existed as they were hidden in the fine print of a signed a contract.
 The inflation part of the term relates to the up charging of the service without actually providing anything additional.
 Since most companies charge a fee to accept payment, a portion gets built into profit and revenue.
 A big example of stealth inflation can be overdraft fees from banks surcharges from Telco providers, processing fees and installation fees.
 Another form of stealth inflation is devaluation of money by a government, sometimes in order to pay off debt with lower value currency.
 The unintended higher cost of imported goods and raw material is passed on to the consumer yet not part of traditional definition of inflation.
The 2014 Bundy standoff was an armed confrontation between supporters of cattle rancher Cliven Bundy and law enforcement following a 21-year legal dispute in which the United States Bureau of Land Management (BLM) had obtained court orders directing Bundy to pay over $1 million in withheld grazing fees for Bundy's use of federally owned land adjacent to Bundy's ranch in southeastern Nevada.
Cliven D. Bundy (born April 29, 1946) is an American cattle rancher from Bunkerville, Nevada who is currently federally incarcerated and awaiting trial with bail denied for his role in the 2014 Bundy standoff.
 He vocally advocated a philosophy opposed to what he views as federal government overreach.
 He is known for having participated in the 2014 Bundy Standoff in Nevada, an armed standoff with federal and state law enforcement over defaulted grazing fees.
 Some viewed him as a hero for having led a movement of ranchers to encourage more ranchers to join him in defaulting on their grazing fees as per their federal grazing contracts.
 Some considered him to be dangerously provocative.
 He is the father of Ammon Bundy, who in 2016 also led another armed standoff against the government, the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon.
One of the key advertising campaigns of The Villages is that residents are able to play "free golf for life".
 The advertising is only partially true; the "free golf" is paid for by mandatory amenities fees assessed to all homeowners in The Villages.
 The "free golf" extends only to the executive golf courses and only to players walking the courses, wherein a greens fee is not assessed.
 Players riding golf carts on executive courses pay no greens fee but must pay a trail fee.
 Greens fees and trail fees are required on The Villages country club courses (though memberships are provided "free" – again, as part of the amenities fee – to residents).
Universal Transit Pass or Universal Access Transit Pass (U-Pass) is a program that gives students enrolled in participating post-secondary institutions unlimited access to local transit.
 Programs are either funded through mandatory fees that eligible students pay in each term in which they are registered or included in the students' tuition.
 For example, the University of Washington and the U-Pass program in Chicago have mandatory U-Pass fees.
 Fees are transferred to the local transit authority to fund the required transit service.
 Because fees are collected from a large participant base, U-Pass prices are lower than the amount students would otherwise pay for monthly passes or tickets over the course of a term.
 The U-Pass price charged to students depends on a variety of factors which differ among municipalities, transit systems and post-secondary institutions.
In United States environmental policy, maintenance fees are the annual fees paid by pesticide manufacturers and formulators to continue registration of pesticide active ingredients and products with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
 The fees supplement funds appropriated from general U.S. revenues, which cover most administrative costs of the EPA pesticide program under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA; 7 U.S.C. 136a-1).
 Fees are deposited into a separate Reregistration and Expedited Processing Fund to offset costs associated with EPA reregistration activities and expedited processing of pesticide registrations that are substantially similar to registrations already in effect or which are for public health pesticides, as defined in FIFRA Section 2(nn).
 Congress mandated collection of an annual maintenance fee from each pesticide registrant in 1988 amendments to (P.L. 100-532).
 EPA has authority to cancel a registration if a registrant fails to pay the maintenance fee.
In 2012, James Hucks filed suit against Sentinel Offender Services after an arrest warrant was issued for his wife because she did not pay all the fees she owed to the company during her probation.
 In 2013, Georgia judge Daniel J. Craig ruled that Sentinel had to refund hundreds, and possibly thousands, of people who had paid them, and that private probation companies cannot collect fees from probationers after their probation has expired.
 Later that year, Craig granted Sentinel a stay on this ruling, but, despite their attempts to persuade him to back down on it, refused to undo his restrictions.
 In 2012, Georgia man Tom Barrett stole a can of beer and was later put on probation with Sentinel after being unable to pay a US$200 fine.
 He was later put in jail for two months after being unable to pay Sentinel's startup fee.
 As of May 2015, Barrett was suing Sentinel, and was being represented by Augusta attorney Jack Long.
 On February 17, 2016, the Southern Center for Human Rights filed a lawsuit against Sentinel on behalf of two women from Cleveland, Georgia who were sentenced to 12 months probation each for not paying fines; the lawsuit also claims both women were told they had to undergo drug tests by a probation officer.
Citizens for Constitutional Freedom (C4CF), later also known as People for Constitutional Freedom (P4CF), was the name taken on January 4, 2016, by an armed private U.S. militia that occupied the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's Malheur National Wildlife Refuge headquarters in the U.S. state of Oregon from January 2 to February 11, 2016.
 The leader of the organization was Ammon Bundy, son of Cliven D. Bundy, who engaged in a standoff with the federal government over grazing rights on federal land.
The Forage Value Index is a derived index of the relative change in the previous year’s average monthly rate per head for pasturing cattle on privately owned land in the West.
 Used in calculating federal grazing fees.
In the field of law and economics, the English rule (capitalized as English Rule in some jurisdictions) is a rule controlling assessment of attorneys' fees arising out of litigation.
 The English rule provides that the party who loses in court pays the other party's attorney's fees.
 The English rule contrasts with the American rule, under which each party is generally responsible to pay its own attorneys' fees, unless a statute or contract provides for that assessment.
 The rationale for the English rule is that a litigant (whether bringing a claim or defending a claim) is entitled to legal representation and, if successful, should not be left out of pocket by reason of his or her own legal fees.
 It should be borne in mind that, in virtually all English civil litigation, damages are merely compensatory.
