Staten Island Borough Hall is the primary municipal building for the borough of Staten Island in New York City.
 It is located at 10 Richmond Terrace, next to the Richmond County Courthouse and opposite the Staten Island Ferry Terminal.
 Staten Island Borough Hall houses the Borough President's office, offices of the Departments of Buildings and T
The Richmond County Courthouse is a 1919 municipal courthouse in the civic center of St. George in the borough of Staten Island in New York City (Richmond County is coextensive with Staten Island).
 The neoclassical style courthouse is on Richmond Terrace next to Staten Island's Borough Hall and across the street from the Staten Island Ferry terminal.
Staten Island Academy is a coeducational, college-preparatory day school located on a 14 acre campus in Staten Island in New York City, United States.
 Founded in 1884 by Anton Methfessel, it is the oldest private school on Staten Island, and is the only independent school (non-public, non-religious) in the borough.
 It educates students from pre-Kindergarten through grade 12 high school.
 Current enrollment is 390 students and offers a student to teacher ratio of 7:1.
 Albert Cauz is the current head of school.
 The school is composed of three divisions: Lower School, Pre-K-Gr.
 4; Middle School, Gr.
 5-8; Upper School, Gr.
 9-12.
 The Head of Lower, Middle and Upper School is Eileen Corigliano.
 The campus has seven buildings: the Early Childhood Building, the Art Barn, Haugen Hall, Kearns Hall, Crowe Hall, Alumni Hall and the OJ Buck Gymnasium.
 The school's accreditations include the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, and the New York State Association of Independent Schools.
 It is chartered and registered by the Board of Regents, University of the State of New York.
Staten Island is one of the five boroughs of New York City in the U.S. state of New York.
 In the southwest of the city, Staten Island is the southernmost part of both the city and state of New York, with Conference House Park at the southern tip of the island and the state.
 The borough is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull, and from the rest of New York by New York Bay.
 With a 2016 Census-estimated population of 476,015, Staten Island is the least populated of the boroughs but is the third-largest in area at 58 sqmi .
 Staten Island is the only borough of New York with a non-Hispanic White majority.
Carnegie Hall Tower is a 60-story skyscraper located on 57th Street in New York City.
 Part of a cluster of four tall buildings (along with CitySpire Center, Metropolitan Tower and One57), the tower was built in an architectural style in harmony with its western neighbor Carnegie Hall, a New York landmark.
The Staten Island Register was a weekly newspaper serving the borough of Staten Island in New York City as an independent alternative to other news sources, including the "Staten Island Advance".
 It began publication in 1966 under the ownership of the Sclafani family.
 Joseph was the Owner.
 The "Staten Island Register" was sold in August 2002 to Elauwit, LLC, a company formed by Daniel McDonough of New Jersey, was sold by McDonough to an investor in 2004, and ceased publication in December 2005.
Staten Island Technical High School, commonly called Staten Island Tech or SITHS, was founded in 1988.
 Located in Staten Island, New York City, the school is operated by the New York City Department of Education.
 In 2005, Staten Island Tech became the only Specialized High School in Staten Island.
 It consistently ranks among the best schools in New York City in graduation rate, Regents test scores, and attendance.
 In 2012, SITHS was ranked #1 on the New York Post's list of the city's best high schools, #77 in the nation on U.S. News & World Report's list of Best High Schools, and #23 on their list of the nation's top schools in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM).
The Staten Island Ferry is a passenger ferry route operated by the New York City Department of Transportation.
 It runs 5.2 mi in New York Harbor between the New York City boroughs of Manhattan and Staten Island.
 The ferry operates 24/7, running every 15 to 20 minutes during peak hours and every 30 minutes at other times.
 Since 1997, the Staten Island Ferry has been fare-free, though historically, it has charged a relatively low fare compared to other modes of transit in the area.
 The Staten Island Ferry is one of several ferry systems in the New York City area, besides NYC Ferry, New York Water Taxi, and NY Waterway.
Staten Island Community Board 1 is a local government unit of the city of New York, encompassing the Staten Island neighborhoods of Arlington, northern Castleton Corners, Clifton Concord, Elm Park, Fort Wadsworth, northern Graniteville, Grymes Hill, Livingston, Mariners' Harbor, northern Meiers Corners, New Brighton, Port Ivory, Port Richmond, Randall Manor, Rosebank, Staten Island, St. George, Shore Acres, Silver Lake, Stapleton, Sunnyside, Tompkinsville, West Brighton, Westerleigh, and northern Willowbrook.
 Community Board 1 is essentially the entire area of Staten Island north of the Staten Island Expressway.
St. George is a neighborhood on the northeastern tip of Staten Island in New York City, where the Kill Van Kull enters Upper New York Bay.
 It is the most densely developed neighborhood on Staten Island, and the location of the administrative center for the borough and for the coterminous Richmond County.
 The Staten Island terminal of the Staten Island Ferry is located here, as well as the northern terminus of the Staten Island Railway.
 St. George is bordered on the south by the neighborhood of Tompkinsville and on the west by the neighborhood of New Brighton.
