Marcus Warren Hobbs (born 1970), known by his stage name Marcus Satellite is an American composer, electronic musician, Microtonal music, and computer graphics professional noted for creating microtonal electronic music and animated films using advanced computer software.
Bruce Mather (born May 9, 1939) is a Canadian composer, pianist, and writer who is particularly known for his contributions to contemporary classical music.
 One of the most notable composers of microtonal music, he was awarded the Jules Léger Prize twice, first in 1979 for his "Musique pour Champigny" and again in 1993 for "Yquem".
 Some of his other awards include the Composers, Authors and Publishers Association of Canada's Micheline Coulombe Saint-Marcoux prize in 1987 for "Barbaresco" and the Serge Garant Prize from the Émile Nelligan Foundation in 2000.
Bob Gilmore (6 June 1961 – 2 January 2015) was a musicologist, educator and keyboard player.
 Born in Larne, Northern Ireland, he spent his early years in Carrickfergus.
 He studied music at York University, England, and Queen's University, Belfast (PhD.
 1992), and, on a Fulbright Scholarship, at the University of California, San Diego.
 He was best known for his books on American music – "Harry Partch: A Biography" (Yale University Press, 1998) and "Ben Johnston: Maximum Clarity and Other Writings on Music" (University of Illinois Press, 2006), both of which were recipients of the Deems Taylor Award from ASCAP.
 He also wrote extensively on the American experimental tradition, microtonal music and spectral music, including the work of such figures as James Tenney, Horațiu Rădulescu, Claude Vivier, and Frank Denyer.
 He wrote on the work of younger Irish composers including Deirdre Gribbin, Donnacha Dennehy and Jennifer Walshe in the "Journal of Music in Ireland".
 He taught at Queens University, Belfast, Dartington College of Arts, Brunel University in London, and was a Research Fellow at the Orpheus Institute in Ghent.
 He was the founder, director and keyboard player of Trio Scordatura, an Amsterdam-based ensemble dedicated to the performance of microtonal music, and for the year 2014 was the Editor of "Tempo", a quarterly journal of new music.
 His biography of French-Canadian composer Claude Vivier was published by University of Rochester Press in June 2014.
The Huygens-Fokker Foundation (Dutch: "Stichting Huygens-Fokker" ) is a "centre for microtonal music" founded on February 15, 1960, housed in the Muziekgebouw aan 't IJ (Amsterdam, Netherlands), and named for Christiaan Huygens and Adriaan Fokker (inventor of 31 equal temperament and creator of the Fokker organ).
 The Foundation's library possesses a large archive of correspondence, scores, books, and other publications.
 The Foundation presents frequent concerts (originally in Teylers Museum) presenting contemporary, early, popular, and improvised microtonal music.
 They maintain contact with other organizations dedicated to microtonality including Tonalsoft, the Harry Partch Institute, the Logos Foundation, and individuals such as Kyle Gann.
 They published the journal "Thirty-One" and presented MicroFest Amsterdam 2011.
 They house the 31-tone Fokker organ with new MIDI-connections in the BAM Hall.
 The current director is Sander Germanus.
Elaine Walker is a composer, electronic musician, and theorist.
 She specializes in microtonal music, including founding ZIA, an all electronic band, and performing with D.D.T.
 She has performed with and mixed the bands Number Sine, Vitruvian, and Alcoholiday.
 She describes: "I compose microtonal music strictly by ear and leave it to others to analyze, so you won't find ratios or mathematics here."
Special operations (S.O.) are military operations that are "special" or unconventional and carried out by dedicated special forces and other special operations forces units using unconventional methods and resources.
 Special operations may be performed independently of or in conjunction with, conventional military operations.
 The primary goal is to achieve a political or military objective where a conventional force requirement does not exist or might adversely affect the overall strategic outcome.
 Special operations are usually conducted in a low-profile manner that aims to achieve the advantages of speed, surprise, and violence of action against an unsuspecting target.
 Special ops are typically carried out with limited numbers of highly trained personnel that are adaptable, self-reliant and able to operate in all environments, and able to use unconventional combat skills and equipment.
 Special operations are usually implemented through specific, tailored intelligence.
Newband is a contemporary music ensemble devoted to the performance of microtonal music.
 The group was founded in 1977 by musicians Stefani Starin and Dean Drummond.
 As a youth, Drummond performed with maverick composer Harry Partch in a unique ensemble of microtonal instruments that Partch designed and built himself; Drummond performed in the premieres of Partch’s "Daphne of the Dunes", "And on the Seventh Day Petals Fell in Petaluma", and "Delusion of the Fury", as well as on both Partch Columbia Masterworks recordings made during the late 1960s.
Pascale Criton (born 1954) is a French musicologist and a composer of contemporary music, more specifically microtonal music.
 She is particularly known for exploiting very dense microtonal scales such as 1/12 tone or 1/16 and beyond for the particular perception properties they imply.
Benjamin Burwell Johnston, Jr. (born March 15, 1926 in Macon, Georgia) is a composer of contemporary music in just intonation: "one of the foremost composers of microtonal music" .
 He was called, "one of the best non-famous composers this country has to offer" in 1990, by American critic John Rockwell .
The works of the Czech composer Alois Hába consists of 103 opuses, with the majority of the compositions being various kinds of chamber music pieces, predominantly for piano or strings.
 The most important works include his String quartets, which document and demonstrate the development of the composer's style (microtonal music) and his most innovative opera: "Matka" (Mother).
 Hába's first microtonal composition is Suite, op.1a from 1918, his earliest published mictrotonal piece is the 2nd Quartet (1920) and his last was the 16th Quartet from 1967.
