France–United Kingdom relations are the relations between the governments of the French Republic and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (UK).
 The historical ties between the two countries are long and complex, including conquest, wars, and alliances at various points in history.
 The Roman era saw both areas, except Scotland and Northern Ireland, conquered by Rome, whose fortifications exist in both countries to this day, and whose writing system introduced a common alphabet to both areas; however, the language barrier remained.
 The Norman conquest of England in 1066 decisively shaped English history, as well as the English language.
 In the medieval period, the countries were often bitter enemies, with both nations' monarchs claiming control over France.
 The Hundred Years' War stretched from 1337 to 1453 resulting in French victory.
 Britain and France fought a series of five major wars , culminating in the Coalition victory over Napoleon in 1815.
 After that there were some tensions, but peace generally prevailed and as the 19th century progressed, the relationship became better.
 Closer ties between the two began with the 1904 Entente cordiale, particularly via the alliances in World War I and World War II, wherein both countries fought against Germany, and in the latter conflict British armies helped to liberate occupied France from the Nazis.
 Both nations opposed the Soviet Union during the Cold War and were founding members of NATO.
 In recent years the two countries have experienced a quite close relationship, especially on defence and foreign policy issues; the two countries tend, however, to disagree on a range of other matters, most notably the European Union.
 The British press relishes the chance to refer to France and Britain as "historic rivals" or emphasize the perceived ever-lasting competition that still opposes the two countries.
Wadsworth is a census-designated place (CDP) in Washoe County, Nevada, United States.
 The population was 834 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Reno–Sparks Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The town was named for General James S. Wadsworth, a Civil War general killed at the battle of the Wilderness in 1864.
 It was given this name by Leland Stanford of the Central Pacific Railroad as a favor to General Irvin McDowell, whom Wadsworth had served under during the Civil War.
Philip Wadsworth (March 7, 1832 – September 12, 1901) was an American dry goods merchant, politician, and military leader.
 Born to the prominent Wadsworth family in New Hartford, Connecticut, he attended private academies until he was sixteen, when he entered the dry goods trade.
 In 1853, he moved to Chicago, Illinois to join his brother in his dry goods operation, eventually rising to become president of Philip Wadsworth & Co., a clothing store.
 Wadsworth was also interested in the military, and although he never officially served, he maintained a military company where soldiers could train in advance of the Civil War.
 Later in his life he returned to Connecticut where he served a two-year term in the Connecticut House of Representatives.
Covered interest arbitrage is an arbitrage trading strategy whereby an investor capitalizes on the interest rate differential between two countries by using a forward contract to "cover" (eliminate exposure to) exchange rate risk.
 Using forward contracts enables arbitrageurs such as individual investors or banks to make use of the forward premium (or discount) to earn a riskless profit from discrepancies between two countries' interest rates.
 The opportunity to earn riskless profits arises from the reality that the interest rate parity condition does not constantly hold.
 When spot and forward exchange rate markets are not in a state of equilibrium, investors will no longer be indifferent among the available interest rates in two countries and will invest in whichever currency offers a higher rate of return.
 Economists have discovered various factors which affect the occurrence of deviations from covered interest rate parity and the fleeting nature of covered interest arbitrage opportunities, such as differing characteristics of assets, varying frequencies of time series data, and the transaction costs associated with arbitrage trading strategies.
The relations between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (1922–1991) succeeded the previous relations from 1776 to 1917 and predate today's relations that began in 1992.
 Full diplomatic relations between the two countries were established late due to mutual hostility.
 During World War II, the two countries were briefly allies.
 At the end of the war, the first signs of post-war mistrust and hostility began to appear between the two countries, escalating into the Cold War; a period of tense hostile relations, with periods of détente.
Malawi–Mozambique relations refers to the current and historical relationship between the countries of Malawi and Mozambique.
 As Malawi shares a large border with Mozambique, much of the substance of their foreign relations pertain to the border separating the two nations.
 Both of the sovereign states have amicably agreed that lacustrine borders on Lake Malawi remain the largest priority between the two countries, as the exploitation of natural resources within the waters of Lake Malawi remain an issue the two countries continue to resolve.
 The moment considered an act of generosity and sympathy within the two countries relations is when, during the Mozambique Civil War, Malawi housed over one million Mozambican refugees between 1985 and 1995.
 After this gesture, Malawian relations with Mozambique crumbled under the tenure of Bingu wa Mutharika, notoriously reaching a nadir when Malawian police launched a raid into Mozambique's territory.
Elisha Strong Wadsworth (May 10, 1813 – November 25, 1890) was a merchant from New Hartford, Connecticut.
 He co-founded the Wadsworth, Dyer & Chapin company in Chicago, Illinois with his brother Julius and Thomas Dyer.
 The operation was one of the first successful firms in Chicago, trading in dry goods, grain, and packaged meat.
 Wadsworth was also the president of the Chicago and Aurora Railroad, later serving on the board of directors of the Galena and Chicago Union Railroad when the two lines were merged.
 Wadsworth also served as a director of a predecessor to the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad.
 Wadsworth is the namesake of Wadsworth, Illinois.
The French–Dutch relations refer to the interstate and bilateral relations between France and the Netherlands.
 The two countries notably share a border division in the Caribbean island of Saint Martin, to which the northern part of the island is a French overseas collectivity known as the Collectivity of Saint Martin, while the southern part of the island is a Dutch constituent country known as Sint Maarten.
 Relations between the two countries date back to the 17th and 18th centuries when a conflict led to the transformation of the Dutch Republic to the Batavian Republic and eventually the Kingdom of Holland.
 The two countries currently enjoy close cultural and economic relations.
 Both nations are members of the OECD, as well as founding members of the European Union, NATO, and the United Nations.
Bilateral relations between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United States began in 1933 when full diplomatic relations were established.
 Despite the differences between the two countries—an ultraconservative Islamic absolute monarchy, and a secular, democratic republic—the two countries have been allies.
 In recent years, the two countries have occasionally been described as having a "Special Relationship" with one another.
 Former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama have close and strong relations with senior members of the Saudi Royal Family.
The Brazil–United States Treaty was a military assistance agreement signed in 1952 in Rio de Janeiro between the two countries, with the goal of defending the Western Hemisphere.
 Military relations between the United States and Brazil date back to World War II, when Brazil supported the Allied effort in the invasion of Italy in 1942.
 Brazil provided troops for the invasion.
 On January 3, 1952, The Brazilian government issued decree 30363 establishing new government regulations.
 These new regulations allowed for the return of foreign capital that was invested in Brazil and profit remittances on that capital.
 Shortly after, representatives from the United States and representatives from Brazil started to negotiate a bilateral military assistance agreement in Rio de Janeiro on January 3, 1952.
 The document outlining the agreement between the two countries would be signed on March 15, 1952.
 The agreement went into effect on May 19, 1952.
 During the time of the negotiations, Major General Charles L. Mullins, Jr. negotiated a separate military plan with the Brazilian Government.
 The plan was approved on March 14, 1952 by the Secretary of Defense Lovett.
 In a private ceremony on March 15, 1952 United States Major General Mullins and Brazilian General Monteiro signed the military plan that outlined a common defense between the two nations.
 The agreement allowed major weapons and training by the United States military to the Brazilian military.
 This tenuous alliance governed the two nations bilateral ties during the events of the Cold War.
 However, the alliance was short lived, and suffered several major blows between the two nations during the military coup in Brazil in 1964.
 During this time the United States still provided military support and training to the side that supported the United States.
