AirTran JetConnect was the brand for AirTran Airways former regional airline service, which flew regional jet aircraft from AirTran's hub in Atlanta.
 Service was to short-haul markets where AirTran felt their Boeing 717 or Airbus A320 (with the latter type being operated by Ryan International for AirTran via contract) mainline jet aircraft were too large to economically operate.
Stagger-EZ is a unique three place pusher canard aircraft, featuring staggered seating, a dihedral canard, and a rounder fuselage which differs from other canard aircraft in its class (e.g. Cozy MK IV, Velocity, Long-Ez).
 The aircraft has standard LongEZ wings and a redesigned fuselage.
 It was designed by a composite craftsman and pilot by the name of Steve Wright.
 After completing a VariEZe, Steve Wright found it to be a good design but small and lacking in features he wanted.
 He flew over a thousand hours in his VariEZe but wanted to build a second canard.
 He learned that a couple of pilots had suffered broken legs in Long-EZ accidents.
 So Steve began his design of a new canard that would incorporate several improvements.
 In 1999 he started by laying a keel down the center of the composite fuselage, which in turn caused the nose wheel to be moved to the right several inches.
 That improved legroom for the PIC position on the left.
 The reduced area on the right floor board did not allow for dual rudder pedals.
 The rods that control the elevator and aileron where positioned in a center console rather than down each side like a Cozy III.
 The right seater stick is 13 inches behind the left seater.
 Thus the right seat is "Staggered" back 13 inches.
 Lastly, a third seat is in the back behind the left seat.
 With a 42 inch wide fuselage, Steve ordered a custom canopy be made that is at least 20% larger than a Cozy III.
 The canopy does not open to the side, but is electric and moves up and back like many jet aircraft.
 Another major change was made to the landing gear.
 It was moved out and anchored in the strake area.
 (Any rocks or debris kicked up by the main landing gear are outside of the propeller arc.)
 Steve also incorporated a simpler fuel system.
 A central sump connects both fuel tanks.
 So the Stagger EZ has only one fuel cap but still holds 43 gallons.
 The Stagger EZ flew for the first time in 2004.
 Steve flew the Stagger EZ to EAA's "Sun-N-Fun" Fly-In and received "Grand Champion" in the home built category in 2005.
 Steve and Patricia Wright flew the Stagger EZ until 2009 when Steve came down with cancer.
 Steve died from melanoma cancer in May 2010.
 David Williford purchased the StaggerEZ in May 2011.
 He flew it for 50 hours before having to ground it for a major restoration which lasted almost two years.
 The Stagger EZ still flies today because of both Steve Wright and David Williford.
 For more information please visit www.StaggerEZ.com.
The Caproni Campini N.1, also known as the C.C.2, was an experimental jet aircraft built in the 1930s by Italian aircraft manufacturer Caproni.
 The N.1 was powered by a motorjet, a type of jet engine in which the compressor is driven by a conventional reciprocating engine.
 The N.1 first flew in 1940 and was briefly regarded as the first successful jet-powered aircraft in history, before news emerged of the German Heinkel He 178's first flight a year earlier.
The Heinkel He 178 was the world's first aircraft to fly under turbojet power, and the first practical jet aircraft.
 It was a private venture by the German Heinkel company in accordance with director Ernst Heinkel's emphasis on developing technology for high-speed flight.
 It first flew on 27 August 1939, piloted by Erich Warsitz.
 This flight had been preceded by a short hop three days earlier.
Vice Admiral John Madison Hoskins (October 22, 1898 – March 30, 1964) was an officer and aviator in the United States Navy.
 Four years after graduating the United States Naval Academy, Hoskins entered flight school and served his entire career in naval aviation, eventually commanding aircraft carriers in the Pacific Ocean during World War II.
 Despite losing his right foot in an explosion aboard USS "Princeton" (CVL-23) in 1944, Hoskins refused retirement and went on to serve as the first commanding officer of the new USS "Princeton" (CV-37).
 After the war, Hoskins became a leading proponent of jet aircraft on carriers, was assigned to training command of the first naval aviators designated for carrier assignment, and himself flew as commanding officer of the flight demonstration which convinced the Department of the Navy that jet aircraft should be a part of the aircraft carrier's fixed-wing complement.
The Heinkel HeS 3 "(HeS - Heinkel Strahltriebwerke)" was the world's first operational jet engine to power an aircraft.
 Designed by Hans von Ohain while working at Heinkel, the engine first flew as the primary power of the Heinkel He 178, piloted by Erich Warsitz on 27 August 1939.
 Although successful, the engine had too little thrust to be really useful, and work started on the more powerful Heinkel HeS 8 as their first production design.
The term V bomber was used for the Royal Air Force (RAF) aircraft during the 1950s and 1960s that composed the United Kingdom's strategic nuclear strike force known officially as the V-force or Bomber Command Main Force.
 The strategic bombers, whose names all started with the letter "V" and which were known collectively as the "V-class", included the Vickers Valiant (first flew 1951, entered service 1955), Avro Vulcan (first flew 1952, in service 1956) and Handley Page Victor (first flew 1952, in service 1958).
 The V-Bomber force reached its peak in June 1964, with 50 Valiants, 70 Vulcans and 39 Victors in service.
The Piper PA-8 Skycycle was a 1940s American single-seat light aircraft designed and built by Piper Aircraft at their Lock Haven, Pennsylvania plant.
 Towards the end of 1944 Piper announced a number of aircraft it intended to build after the war.
 One of these was the PWA-8 (Post War Airplane 8).
 An aerodynamic test aircraft was built with the name Cub Cycle and it first flew on 27 August 1944 with a small two cylinder Franklin engine.
 The Franklin engine was replaced by a 37 hp Continental A-40-3 and the aircraft first flew with the Continental engine on 12 September 1944.
 The Skycycle was a fabric-covered mid-wing single-engined single-seat monoplane with a tailwheel landing gear.
 The fuselage was produced using a belly fuel tank as used on the F4U Corsair.
 The Cub Cycle was scrapped and a similar but new aircraft was built with the name Skycycle.
 The Skycycle first flew on 29 January 1945 using the same Continental engine as the Cub Cycle.
 The aircraft was further modified in 1945 with a 55 hp Lycoming O-145-A2 engine and designated the PA-8 Skycycle.
 No further examples were built.
The Gulfstream V (Model GV, pronounced Gee-5) is a long-range, large business jet aircraft produced by Gulfstream Aerospace, derived from the previous Gulfstream IV.
 It flies up to Mach 0.885, up to 51,000 feet and has a 6,500 nmi range.
 It typically accommodates four crew and 14 passengers.
 It first flew on November 28, 1995, and entered service in June 1997.
 It is used by the US military under the designation C-37A.
 It is followed by an improved version, the Gulfstream 550 (Model GV-SP).
The Gloster Meteor was the first British jet fighter and the Allies' only jet aircraft to achieve combat operations during the Second World War.
 The Meteor's development was heavily reliant on its ground-breaking turbojet engines, pioneered by Sir Frank Whittle and his company, Power Jets Ltd.
 Development of the aircraft began in 1940, although work on the engines had been under way since 1936.
 The Meteor first flew in 1943 and commenced operations on 27 July 1944 with No. 616 Squadron RAF.
 The Meteor was not a sophisticated aircraft in its aerodynamics, but proved to be a successful combat fighter.
 Gloster's 1946 civil Meteor F.4 demonstrator "G-AIDC" was the first civilian-registered jet aircraft in the world.
