Phoebe Ruguru (born 1997) is a Kenyan film director and producer known for winning the 2014 modern day slavery short film competition in London.
 Her winning film "Saidia" (Swahili for "help") was shot entirety on her iPhone 4s alongside her producer friends Njue Kevin and Bill Jones Afwani.
InFocus M810 is a smartphone marketed by InFocus and manufactured by Foxconn.
 It was released on July 31, 2014.
Micromax is an Indian consumer electronics company headquartered in Gurgaon, Haryana.
 The company was established as an IT software company operating in the embedded devices domain; it later entered the mobile handset business.
 By 2010, it was one of the largest domestic companies making handsets in the low-cost feature phone segment in India.
 As of Q3 2014, Micromax was the tenth largest smartphone vendor in the world.
 In Q4 2015, Micromax's shipments fell by 12.1%, against growth of 15.4% for the mobile sector.
 Micromax's share of the smartphone market fell to 13% in Q4 2015 from 22% at its peak in 2014.
 The company is facing stiff competition from Chinese companies that have entered the Indian market.
 The company also owns YU Televentures, which sells it's products under YU brand.
RedMi is a budget smartphone line manufactured by Xiaomi, that was first announced in July 2013.
 Redmi phones use the Xiaomi MIUI operating system, a variant of Android.
 Models can be divided into regular RedMi phones with screens up to 5" and RedMi Note series with displays exceeding 5".
 Only phone besides these two series is Redmi Pro, first introduced in 2016 with Dual Camera system, USB-C and unique for Xiaomi devices OLED display.
 Redmi phones have been marketed in several Asian and European countries.The most significant difference from other Xiaomi smartphones is that it uses less-expensive components and thus is more cost-effective.
 In August 2014 "The Wall Street Journal" reported that in the second quarter of the 2014 fiscal year Xiaomi smartphone shipment rankings in China with a market share of 14%.
 Redmi sales were attributed as a contributing factor toward this gain in shipment rankings.
The Nokia 6 is a Nokia-branded mid-range smartphone running the Android operating system (version 7 Nougat).
 It is the first smartphone from HMD Global, created through the partial divestment of Nokia's devices division, and the first Nokia-branded smartphone since the Lumia 638 in 2014.
Samsung Galaxy S Duos 3 is a dual SIM Android smartphone, produced and marketed by Samsung Electronics, which serves as an immediate successor to the original Galaxy S Duos 2 of 2013.
 It was announced on August 2014 and was made available on the same month.
 In contrast with other dual sim Samsung models, this phone is a part of the high-end "S" series, this is why it is marketed as a part of the "Galaxy S" family.
 Despite being called as a direct successor to the original S Duos 2 phone, external and physical design of the model is identical to the original model, except for the menu button which is now replaced by the recent apps button and also placing emphasis on internal upgrades such as upgraded processor and an updated Android operating system.
 It is currently available in many Asian countries.
The Nokia Lumia 830 is a smartphone developed by Microsoft Mobile and branded as "Nokia" that runs Microsoft's Windows Phone 8.1 operating system.
 It was announced on September 4, 2014 at Internationale Funkausstellung Berlin and released in October 2014.
 It is a successor to the 2012 Nokia Lumia 820 and marketed as an "affordable flagship".
NoPhone is a company that manufactures a plastic object that resembles a smartphone.
 It was created as part of the backlash against smartphone addiction.
 The company manufactures four different types, the NoPhone, NoPhone Zero, and NoPhone Air and NoPhone Selfie.
 The solid bricks of plastic are marketed as being ""completely toilet-bowl resistant"."
 The NoPhone was created in 2014 by Van Gould, Ingmar Larsen, and Ben Langeveld.
 Larsen told ABC News: ""We wanted to make people aware of their addiction by creating a product that can be used for their addiction.
 It works as a placebo."
"In 2016 the company tried to get on ABC's Shark Tank, but was unsuccessful.
Nokia Nseries was a multimedia smartphone and tablet product family engineered and marketed by the Nokia Corporation.
 The Nseries devices commonly supported multiple high-speed wireless technologies, such as 3G, or Wireless LAN.
 Digital multimedia services, such as music playback, photo/video capture or viewing, gaming or internet services were also supported.
 The line was replaced in 2011 by the Nokia Lumia line as the company's flagship smartphone portfolio.
The Wickedleak Wammy Passion X is a smartphone designed and manufactured by the Indian company Wickedleak.
 The phone is waterproof and has a 1.7GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6592 processor.
 The phone also includes a 5-inch IPS touchscreen with DragonTrail scratch-resistant glass (1920×1080 px).
 The phone is dual-SIM and includes 2GB RAM running Android 4.2 Jelly Bean.
 The phone has a 13MP rear camera with 1080p FullHD video recording and 5MP front camera with 720p HD video recording.
 Wammy Passion X is the worlds first Hydrophobic Smartphone using Aquaprotect Technology to protect it from Water Damage.
 The Successor to this SmartphonePhone was Wickedleak Wammy Note 3 Launched by Wickedleak in September 2014.
 Wickedleak has carried forward the AquaProtect Technology after Wammy Passion X to its other smartphones as well.
