Bay Auxiliary Field is a former facility of the United States Army Air Forces located in Courtland, Alabama.
 Constructed after 1941 as an auxiliary to the nearby Courtland Army Air Field, it was converted back into farmland after the war.
Pounds Army Air Field is a former United States Army Air Forces airfield, located 6 miles west of Tyler, Texas.
 It was established in 1942 and assigned to Third Air Force.
 Its mission was the training of units, crews, and support individuals prior to their deployment to the combat theaters overseas.
 It was closed as an active military airfield on 31 January 1945 and was subsequently turned over to local civilian authorities.
 Today it remains in use by the city of Tyler as Tyler Pounds Regional Airport.
Lemoore Army Air Field, located nine miles (14 km) southwest of Lemoore, California, was a dirt air field usable only in dry weather.
 It nevertheless was used by the AAF Western Flying Training Command as a processing and training field.
Bockscar, sometimes called Bock's Car, is the name of the United States Army Air Forces B-29 bomber that dropped a Fat Man nuclear weapon over the Japanese city of Nagasaki during World War II in the second – and last – nuclear attack in history.
 One of 15 Silverplate B-29s used by the 509th, "Bockscar" was built at the Glenn L. Martin Aircraft Plant at Bellevue, Nebraska, at what is now Offutt Air Force Base, and delivered to the United States Army Air Forces on 19 March 1945.
 It was assigned to the 393d Bombardment Squadron, 509th Composite Group to Wendover Army Air Field, Utah in April.
Leighton Auxiliary Field is a former facility of the United States Army Air Forces located in Leighton, Alabama.
 Constructed after 1941 as an auxiliary to the nearby Courtland Army Air Field, it was turned back into farmland after the war.
Schilling Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force Base located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Salina, Kansas, United States.
 It was also known as Smoky Hill Air Force Base.
 During World War II, "Smoky Hill Army Air Field" (AAF) was in the first group United States Army Air Forces bases for training on the B-29 Superfortress aircraft in the summer of 1943.
 Along with Walker Army Airfield near Victoria, Pratt Army Airfield and Great Bend Army Airfield the initial cadre of the 58th Bombardment Wing was formed.
 The 58th Bomb Wing was the first B-29 combat wing of World War II and engaged in the first long-range strategic bombardment of the Japanese Home Islands beginning in March 1944 from bases in India.
The Issaqueena Bombing Range was a World War II target range used for training flight crews from Greenville Army Air Base, later renamed Donaldson Air Force Base.
 The Army Air Field was established in 1942 for the preparation of aircrew using North American B-25 Mitchell twin-engine bombers, and a suitable target area was established using Lake Issaqueena, northwest of Calhoun, South Carolina and Clemson College, completely within the Clemson Experimental Forest.
 Bombing Range Road is still located off of State Highway S-39-291, southwest of Six Mile, South Carolina and west of Lake Issaqueena.
Trinity Auxiliary Field is a former facility of the United States Army Air Forces located in Trinity, Alabama.
 Constructed after 1941 as an auxiliary to the nearby Courtland Army Air Field, it was turned back into farmland after the war.
New Boston Air Force Station is a United States Air Force facility located in Hillsborough County in south central New Hampshire.
 It occupies more than 2800 acre in three towns: New Boston, Amherst, and Mont Vernon.
 It was established in 1942 as a practice area for bombers and fighter planes from nearby Grenier Army Air Field (now Manchester–Boston Regional Airport).
 Starting in 1959, it was turned into a satellite-tracking station.
 During the late 1970s and early 1980s it was known as Detachment 1 of the 2014th Communications Squadron located at Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford, Massachusetts.
Danville Auxiliary Field is a former facility of the United States Army Air Forces located in Danville, Alabama.
 Constructed after 1941 as an auxiliary to the nearby Courtland Army Air Field, it was turned into Danville Airport following the war, and was eventually closed between 1986 and 1989.
 No trace of the airfield remains.
