Paddington Bear is a fictional character in children's literature.
 He first appeared on 13 October 1958 in the children's book "A Bear Called Paddington" and has been featured in more than twenty books written by English author Michael Bond and illustrated by Peggy Fortnum and other artists.
 The friendly bear from deepest, darkest Peru—with his old hat, battered suitcase (complete with a secret compartment, enabling it to hold more items than it would appear to), duffel coat and love of marmalade—has become a classic character from English children's literature.
 Paddington books have been translated into 30 languages across 70 titles and sold more than 30 million copies worldwide.
 A much loved fictional character in British culture, a Paddington Bear soft toy was chosen by British tunnellers as the first item to pass through to their French counterparts when the two sides of the Channel Tunnel were linked in 1994.
SamSam is a television program based on a character created by Serge Bloch and directed by Tanguy de Kermel in association with Bayard Presse.
 His son inspired him to base the program's eponymous character on him.
Chaotic was originally a Danish trading card game.
 It expanded to an online game in America which then became a television program based on the game.
 The program was able to be seen on 4Kids TV (Fox affiliates, nationwide), Jetix, The CW4Kids, Cartoon Network and Disney XD.
 It was brought over to the United States from Denmark by Bryan C. Gannon and Chaotic USA Entertainment Group, and produced by Chaotic USA Entertainment Group, 4Kids Productions and Bardel Entertainment.
 The trading card game came out September 6, 2006 in the U.S. and Canada.
Bible Ki Kahaniya (English: "Stories from the Bible") was an Indian television program based upon the scriptures from the Christian Bible in Hindustani language.
 The production aspired to complete both Old Testament and New Testament narrative of the Bible but was later discontinued.
 It was one of the first serials in India to involve high budget and use of fast paced technology.
Largo Winch is a television program based on the Belgian comic book series of the same name by Philippe Francq and Jean Van Hamme that first aired on January 26, 2001 in France on M6, and May 3, 2001 in Germany on ProSieben.
 The show lasted two seasons.
 Guest stars included Kim Poirier, Vernon Dobtcheff, Elisha Cuthbert, Olga Kurylenko and David Carradine.
Text Me TV was a television program based out of Lansing, Michigan, produced at the Lansing affiliate for The CW, WLAJ-DT2.
 It consisted of one or two people onscreen who read and reacted to mobile phone text messages sent in by viewers and seen in real time on-screen.
 The onscreen personalities were usually accompanied by an off-screen producer, who engaged with those onscreen in conversation about a variety of topics.
 The program aired at 1:30 to 4:30am Monday-Friday and 2 to 4:30am Saturday-Sunday in the Lansing and West Michigan areas, eventually expanding to parts of Maryland, Delaware, Louisiana, and Indiana, and also streamed live on the web via their official website.
The Zack Files is a science fiction television program based on a book series of the same name.
 It revolves around a young boy, played by Robert Clark, who is a magnet for paranormal activity and attends Horace White High School for Boys along with his three friends Cam, Gwen, and Spencer.
 Zack manages to get himself into trouble with his paranormal adventures and it is up to his friends to help him set things straight.
 The series is based on a series of books with the same name, written by Dan Greenburg.
 This series was shot in Toronto, Ontario.
 In August 2004, Goldhill Home Media released the first season on DVD.
Insights is a public affairs television program based in Dallas, Texas.
 Originated by KDFW-TV program director Joe Bell, the show premiered on that station — then a CBS affiliate — on January 6, 1980.
 Originally focused on African-American issues, the program expanded over the years to cover topics of greater diversity, though the majority of guests continue to be Black.
 "Insights" won Emmy Awards in 2001 and 2004 for its episodes "Identity Lost" and "Paternity Fraud" and was nominated in 1997 and 1998 as well.
 The show also has received the award for best public affairs program in America by the National Association of Black Journalists and the Phoebe Award from the Texas Congress of Parent Teacher Associations.
Commercial Breakdown is an Australian light entertainment television program based on the British version of the same name that features humorous television advertisements from around the world.
 The show first aired on 24 September 2007, and had a first series run of six episodes.
 The show returned for a second series on 7 April 2009.
Midsummer Rock is a television program based on the Cincinnati Pop Festival.
 The 90-minute TV version featured Alice Cooper, Mountain, Grand Funk Railroad, The Stooges, and Traffic.
