The 2015–16 Philadelphia 76ers season was the 77th season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 It was also the second straight season that Joel Embiid, their third pick in the 2014 NBA draft, would not suit up for the 76ers due to a leg injury.
 Philadelphia broke the record for the longest losing streak in American professional sports history with 27 straight losses over this season and last season with a 114–116 loss to the Houston Rockets.
 The losing streak would reach to 28 games (with the 18 straight losses tying the record for longest opening season losing streak with the 2009–10 New Jersey Nets) before getting their first victory at home against the Los Angeles Lakers, which was also Kobe Bryant's last game against the 76ers in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia would also hire former Phoenix Suns owner, coach, general manager, and four-time NBA Executive of the Year winner Jerry Colangelo on December 7, 2015 as their Chairman of Basketball Operations.
 Eleven days later, former Denver Nuggets, Phoenix Suns, New York Knicks, and Los Angeles Lakers head coach Mike D'Antoni would join the team as an associate head coach.
 Near the end of the season, general manager Sam Hinkie would announce his resignation from his position, being replaced by Jerry's son Bryan Colangelo before the end of the season.
 Jerry would also announce his personal demotion from his original position afterwards.
 They finished just one game shy of tying the NBA record for most losses in a season set by themselves during their 1972–73 season when they went 9–73.
 However, it would be the season where Sam Hinkie's goal of "The Process" came into full fruition since they'd later earn the #1 selection in the 2016 NBA draft.
The 1999–2000 NBA season was the 76ers' 51st season in the National Basketball Association, and 37th season in Philadelphia.
 During the offseason, the Sixers signed free agent Bruce Bowen while acquiring Billy Owens from the Orlando Magic, who acquired him from the Seattle SuperSonics.
 At midseason, the Sixers traded Owens along with second-year guard Larry Hughes to the Golden State Warriors, and traded Bowen to the Chicago Bulls for Toni Kukoč in a three-team trade.
 However, Bowen was released and signed with the Miami Heat.
 The Sixers won seven of their final nine games, and finished third in the Atlantic Division with a 49–33 record.
 Allen Iverson averaged 28.4 points per game, and made his first All-Star appearance as he was selected for the 2000 NBA All-Star Game in Oakland.
 In the first round of the playoffs, the Sixers defeated the 4th-seeded Charlotte Hornets in four games, but would lose in six games to the Indiana Pacers in the semifinals.
The 2000–01 NBA season was the Hawks' 52nd season in the National Basketball Association, and 33rd season in Atlanta.
 Under new head coach Lon Kruger, the Hawks got off to a bad start losing their first seven games, but then posted a 7–7 record in December.
 In January, they traded Jim Jackson to the Cleveland Cavaliers for Brevin Knight.
 After playing in the 2001 NBA All-Star Game, Dikembe Mutombo was traded at midseason along with Roshown McLeod to the Philadelphia 76ers for Theo Ratliff, Toni Kukoč and Nazr Mohammed.
 However, Ratliff injured his shooting hand prior to the trade, and was out for the remainder of the season.
 Mutombo would later on be named Defensive Player of the Year with the Sixers, who went on to lose in five games to the Los Angeles Lakers in the NBA Finals.
The Philadelphia 76ers are an American professional basketball team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 They are a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Formerly known as the Syracuse Nationals, the 76ers joined the NBA when it was founded in 1949.
 The Nationals had a record of 51–13 in their first NBA season under coach Al Cervi and won the Eastern Division crown.
 The franchise were purchased by Philadelphian Irv Kosloff and Ike Richma in the spring of 1963; the NBA approved their franchise shift on May 22 and name change to the Philadelphia 76ers on August 6.
 This brought professional basketball back to the city, which had been without a team since the Golden State Warriors left Philadelphia in 1962.
 After coaching the 76ers since , Doug Collins resigned as head coach on April 18, 2013 following the 2012–13 season.
 Brett Brown was hired to be the head coach of the 76ers on August 15, 2013 prior to the start of the 2013-14 season.
The 1998–99 NBA season was the 76ers 50th season in the National Basketball Association, and 36th season in Philadelphia.
 After a four-month lockout wiped out half the season, the Sixers signed free agents Matt Geiger and George Lynch, while re-signing former 76ers forward Rick Mahorn.
 At midseason, they traded second-year forward Tim Thomas and Scott Williams to the Milwaukee Bucks for Tyrone Hill.
 The Sixers recorded their first winning month in five years winning 8 of 13 games in February, on their way to making the playoffs for the first time in eight years with a 28–22 record, third in the Atlantic Division.
 Allen Iverson led the league in scoring averaging 26.8 points per game.
 In the first round of the playoffs, the Sixers defeated the 3rd–seeded Orlando Magic in four games, but were swept in the semifinals by the Indiana Pacers in four straight games.
 Following the season, Mahorn retired after making his second stint with the Sixers.
The 1976 NBA draft was the 30th annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held on June 8, 1976, before the 1976–77 season.
 In this draft, 18 NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players.
 The first two picks in the draft belonged to the teams that finished last in each conference, with the order determined by a coin flip.
 The Atlanta Hawks won the coin flip and were awarded the first overall pick, while the Chicago Bulls were awarded the second pick.
 The Hawks then traded the first pick to the Houston Rockets before the draft.
 The remaining first-round picks and the subsequent rounds were assigned to teams in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season.
 The New York Knicks forfeited their first-round draft pick due to their illegal signing of George McGinnis whose rights were held by the Philadelphia 76ers.
 The 76ers, the Golden State Warriors and the Buffalo Braves also forfeited their second, third and fourth-round pick respectively due to their participation in 1975 supplementary draft American Basketball Association (ABA) players who had never been drafted in the NBA.
 A player who had finished his four-year college eligibility was eligible for selection.
 If a player left college early, he would not be eligible for selection until his college class graduated.
 Before the draft, 26 college underclassmen were declared eligible for selection under the "hardship" rule.
 13 of them withdrew before the draft, leaving only 13 early entry candidates eligible for selection.
 These players had applied and gave evidence of financial hardship to the league, which granted them the right to start earning their living by starting their professional careers earlier.
 The draft consisted of 10 rounds comprising the selection of 173 players.
 On August 8, 1976, the league also hosted a Dispersal draft for ABA players from the Kentucky Colonels and Spirits of St. Louis, who were not included in the ABA–NBA merger.
Joel Hans Embiid ( ; born 16 March 1994) is a Cameroonian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 After one year of college basketball at the University of Kansas, he was drafted with the third overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft by the 76ers.
 He has nicknamed himself "The Process" in response to a refrain from 76ers fans during the Sam Hinkie-era to "trust the process".
This is a history of the Philadelphia 76ers.
 The Philadelphia 76ers are an American basketball team currently playing in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The 76ers are third in NBA history in wins and playoff appearances.
The 1983–84 NBA season was the 76ers' 35th season in the NBA and 21st season in Philadelphia.
 The 76ers entered the season as the defending NBA Champions, having won the NBA Championship the year prior, sweeping the Los Angeles Lakers in four games.
 The team would start fast posting 21 wins in their first 26 games but finished with a 52-30 record.
 The major difference was that they were just around .500 on the road for the year, unlike the previous season, where they won 30 regular season games away from Philadelphia.
 The 76ers would lose in the first round of the newly expanded playoff format to the New Jersey Nets, who had never won a playoff series in their NBA history to that point.
 The 76ers lost all three post season games at The Spectrum.
The 1997–98 NBA season was the Pistons' 50th season in the National Basketball Association, and 41st season in the city of Detroit.
 Despite signing free agents Brian Williams and Malik Sealy during the offseason, the Pistons got off to a slow start with a 6–11 record as Joe Dumars missed ten games due to hamstring and shoulder injuries.
 In late December, they traded Theo Ratliff and Aaron McKie to the Philadelphia 76ers for Jerry Stackhouse and Eric Montross.
 At midseason, head coach Doug Collins was fired after a 21–24 start, and was replaced with Alvin Gentry.
 Collins would later on get a job as color analyst for the "NBA on NBC".
 Despite another stellar season from Grant Hill, who was selected for the 1998 NBA All-Star Game, the Pistons missed the playoffs finishing sixth in the Central Division with a 37–45 record.
 Following the season, Sealy signed as a free agent with the Minnesota Timberwolves, Grant Long re-signed with the Atlanta Hawks, and Rick Mahorn re-signed with the Philadelphia 76ers.
