"Anything but Down" is a 1999 single by American singer and songwriter Sheryl Crow.
 Released as the third single from her 1998 album "The Globe Sessions", it fared better than its predecessor "There Goes the Neighborhood", reaching number 49 on Billboard's Hot 100 and number 7 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart, although the latter is on the CD "The Very Best of Sheryl Crow" while the former is not.
Tuesday Night Music Club is the debut album from American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow, released on August 3, 1993.
 The lead single "Run Baby Run" was not particularly successful.
 However, the album gained attention after the success of the third single, "All I Wanna Do," based on the Wyn Cooper poem "Fun" and co-written by David Baerwald, Bill Bottrell, Sheryl Crow, and Kevin Gilbert.
 The single eventually reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, propelling the album to number three on the US "Billboard" 200 album charts.
 It has sold more than 5.3 million copies in the US as of January 2008.
 On the UK Album Chart, "Tuesday Night Music Club" reached #8 and is certified 2× platinum.
"Can't Cry Anymore" is a 1995 single by Sheryl Crow from the album "Tuesday Night Music Club" released on A&M Records.
 The song reached #36 on Billboard's Hot 100, becoming Crow's third straight Top-40 hit.
 It also became Crow's highest charting song in Spain.
C'mon, C'mon is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow, released on April 8, 2002 in the United Kingdom and April 16, 2002 in the United States.
 Lead single "Soak Up the Sun" peaked at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart and No. 17 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming one of her biggest hits since "All I Wanna Do".
 The album was arguably her most pop-influenced to date, a big departure from the folk and experimental influences on her previous release, "The Globe Sessions".
"Light in Your Eyes" is the second and final single from Sheryl Crow's first compilation album titled "The Very Best of Sheryl Crow" (2003).
 It was released as a single only in Europe and Canada, even though it was sent to radio stations in the US and charted on the US "Billboard" adult contemporary chart in 2005, reaching #36, and the Adult Top 40, where it peaked at #10.
 It was also successful on the Triple A Chart where it peaked at No 4.
 It actually reached the Top40-Charts.
com Top 100 Airplay Chart peaking at #34 and the Top Hits Online Charts, not going further than #53.
 It was featured on the "Napoleon Dynamite" soundtrack.
 Crow acknowledges George Harrison as being an influence in this song (particularly "My Sweet Lord").
"All I Wanna Do" is a song performed by Sheryl Crow and written by Wyn Cooper, Sheryl Crow, David Baerwald, Bill Bottrell and Kevin Gilbert, with lyrics adapted from Cooper's 1987 poem "Fun".
 It was Crow's breakthrough hit from her 1993 debut album, "Tuesday Night Music Club".
 The song was the winner of the 1995 Grammy Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and was nominated for Song of the Year.
 The song is her biggest US hit, peaking at #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for six weeks behind "I'll Make Love to You" by Boyz II Men.
 In addition to this it also peaked at number one on the Adult Contemporary charts in both the US and Canada, as well as the pop charts in Canada and at #4 on the UK Singles Chart.
"Strong Enough" is a song by Sheryl Crow from the album "Tuesday Night Music Club".
 The song reached #5 on the March 25, 1995 "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and topped the charts in Canada.
 Crow performed the song on her live album "" alongside the Dixie Chicks.
 The song was later included on Crow's greatest hits album, "The Very Best of Sheryl Crow".
"Soak Up the Sun" is the title of a song recorded by American artist Sheryl Crow.
 It was released in March 2002 as the lead single from her album "C'mon C'mon".
 The song, which features backing vocals by Liz Phair, peaked at number-one on the "Billboard" Adult Top 40 chart and hit number 5 on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart and #17 on the Hot 100 chart.
 In addition, "Soak Up the Sun" (remixed by noted DJ Victor Calderone) spent one week at #1 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart in June 2002; to date, this is Crow's only song to top this chart.
 It reached #16 on the UK Singles Chart.
 It was covered by the Kidz Bop Kids in 2003.
 The song was also included on the album "Nolee Mix" which was released to promote the My Scene dolls.
 The song was a staple of radio airplay during the summer of 2002.
"If It Makes You Happy" is the lead single from Sheryl Crow's 1996 eponymous album.
 The song peaked at number ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the US.
 The track won Best Female Rock Vocal Performance at the 1997 Grammy Awards.
 The song ties with her hit, "My Favorite Mistake", as her third highest-charting single in the UK, reaching number nine on the UK Singles Chart.
 It also peaked at No. 1 in Canada and was her second No. 1 hit on the Canadian Hot AC chart.
"Steve McQueen" is a song by American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow, and is the lead track on her 2002 album, "C'mon C'mon".
 It was released as the second single from the album, following "Soak Up the Sun" (see 2002 in music).
 Like "Soak Up the Sun", the video was directed by Wayne Isham.
 It includes Sheryl racing around in various vehicles, recreating scenes from Steve McQueen movies.
 "Steve McQueen" reached #88 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 However, the song become a dance hit peaking at #11 in Billboard Hot Dance Club Play.
 It was also a successful on the Triple A chart reaching #2 on September 9, 2002.
