Northeast El Paso is part of the city of El Paso, Texas and is located north of Central El Paso, and east of the Franklin Mountains.
 Its southern boundary is variously given as Fred Wilson Boulevard or Cassidy Road and Van Buren Avenue, and it extends northward to the New Mexico state line; some portions of this region lie outside the city limits, including parts of Franklin Mountains State Park and areas of Fort Bliss: the Logan area of Fort Bliss around Chapin High School and Castner Range, an old firing range northwest of Hondo Pass Avenue and Gateway South Boulevard.
 Development of Northeast El Paso, which had begun before the Second World War around the Logan area, started in earnest during the 1950s, when many homes were demolished in the process of the construction of Interstate 10.
 It is one of the more ethnically diverse areas of town due to a high concentration of enlisted military families.
 Northeast El Paso has historically not developed at a rate comparable to East El Paso and Northwest El Paso, but in recent years, it has seen an increase in development.
 It is expected that the population in Northeast El Paso will grow more rapidly as a result of the troop increase for Fort Bliss in the coming years.
 Northeast El Paso has gained recognition throughout the city for schools like Parkland, Irvin, Andress and Chapin because of their outstanding athletic programs.
Fort Kongenstein (Danish: "Fort Kongensten" ) was a Danish trading fort located in Ada Foah, Ghana built in 1783.
 A greater portion of the fort has since been washed away by the sea waves.
Fort Dansborg, locally called Danish Fort, is a Danish fort located in the shores of Bay of Bengal in Tharangambadi in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Fort Dansborg was built in the land ceded by Thanjavur king Ragunatha Nayak in an agreement with Danish Admiral Ove Gjedde in 1620 and acted as the base for Danish settlement in the region during the early 17th century.
 The fort is the second largest Danish fort after Kronborg.
 The fort was sold to the British in 1845 and along with Tharangambadi, the fort lost its significance as the town was not an active trading post for the British.
 After India's independence in 1947, the fort was used as an inspection bungalow by the state government till 1978 when the Department of Archaeology, Government of Tamil Nadu took over the control of the fort.
 The fort is now used as a museum where the major artifacts of the fort and the Danish empire are displayed.
Fort Anderson is a mid 19th century earthen fort in the lower Cape Fear Region of North Carolina, located over the ruins of the colonial town of Brunswick in Brunswick County.
 It was used as a Confederate Fort during the American Civil War.
 The fort was pivotal in protecting the Cape Fear River inlets and Wilmington upstream.
 Earthen batteries comprise the fort and were used as platforms and shields for the Confederate cannons.
 Beneath some of the earthworks were "bombproofs," shelters used by troops during enemy bombardment.
 The Confederacy decided to build forts around the Cape Fear River to protect the port of Wilmington from the Union blockade.
 During the Civil War, blockade runners brought supplies such as iron, guns, and ammunition to the Confederacy.
 The purpose of the fort was to hinder movement of Union ships, and to serve as a dropping off point for blockade runners fortunate enough to make it up the mouth of the Cape Fear River.
 Fort Anderson was built on the ruins of Brunswick Town and was originally named Fort St. Philip, after the ruins of the Revolutionary period church nearby.
 The name was changed to honor Col. George B. Anderson.
Anjanwel is a small coastal town in Guhagar taluka, Ratnagiri district, in the Konkan region and administrative division of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
 It is located around 80 km north of the district headquarters of Ratnagiri, 10 km north of its taluka, and 200 km south of Mumbai, the state capital.
 Marathi is the official language, but Daldi, a dialect of Konkani language, is also spoken by large numbers of inhabitants.
 The nearest villages are Veldur, which is home of an Enron plant, Dhopawe, Vanoshi T. Panchanadi, Navse, and Sakhari Trishul.
 The Gopalgad Fort, also known as Anjanvel Fort ( ) is a coastial fort, half of the fort is on a hill and the other half is directly adjacent to the Arabian Sea.
 Anjanwel has a tropical monsoon climate with 47% of humidity also due to its proximity to the sea.
Fort Koshkonong (Fort Cosconong) was a military fort located near the present-day city of Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin.
 Intended to control the confluence of the Bark and Rock rivers, it was used as a station for local militia units and the U.S. regulars in the region to scout the British Band, a group of Native Americans who fought against government units during the 1832 Black Hawk War.
 General Henry Atkinson was the commander of the fort during the war.
 Black Hawk was in the same general area, but evaded capture and started to flee towards the Wisconsin River.
 The original fort was abandoned by the Army following the conflict.
 Local settlers dismantled it for the wood as the town developed.
Princes Town or Pokesu is located 5 km east of Fort St. Antonio on Manfro Hill in the Ahanta West District of the Western Region of south Ghana.
 It lies between Axim to the west and Sekondi-Takoradi to the east.
 On 1 January 1681, a Brandenburger expedition of two ships commanded by Otto Friedrich von der Groeben, arrived in the Gold Coast, and began to build a strong fort between Axim and the Cape of Three Points.
 The fort was completed in 1683 and was renamed Fort Gross-Friedrichsburg in honor of Prince Frederick William I, Elector of Brandenburg.
 Because the Fort Groß Friedrichsburg was named after a Prince, it has been referred to as: Ft. Friedrichsburg/Princes Town.
 The fort was to be the headquarters of the Brandenburgers in Africa.
Fort Saint-Frédéric was a French fort built on Lake Champlain to secure the region against British colonization and control the lake.
 It was located in modern New York State across the lake from modern Vermont at the town of Crown Point, New York.
 The fort, whose construction began in 1734, was never attacked, and was destroyed in 1759 before the advance of a large (more than 10,000 man) British army under General Jeffery Amherst.
Fort Berens, also spelled Fort Behrens, was a never-completed establishment of the Hudson's Bay Company on the Fraser River, located immediately across the river from today's town of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada, in that province's central Fraser Canyon region.
 The post was designated and materials ordered for its construction in 1859, and was intended to serve as a supply outlet for the gold rush population of the area, which was the northern centre of gold-mining activity on the Fraser during the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush (1858–60).
 Although a plot of land was allocated, and building supplies were brought into the site, the post was never constructed and by 1861 orders from company headquarters decommissioned the post and the supplies were removed due to an absence of economic viability with the collapse of the rush.
 A "satellite" of Fort Kamloops, the post was named after Henry Hulse Berens, deputy Hudson's Bay Company governor 1856-58 and governor 1858-63.
 Immediately adjacent to the site that was to be Fort Berens, just to its north, were the boomtowns of Parsonville (or Parsonsville) and Marysville, which likewise disappeared by the end of the rush, though the Parsonville name remained in use as a tobacco press and farm for the locality for some time.
 A cable ferry connected the town of Lillooet and the three localities on the east bank of the Fraser.
 The route to the Cariboo known as the Old Cariboo Road (not to be confused with the Cariboo Road from Yale) started from the east bank and ran via Pavilion and Clinton to Alexandria.
The Muskwa River flows 257 km through northern British Columbia, Canada.
 It is a major tributary of the Fort Nelson River - part of the Mackenzie River system.
 The river rises at Fern Lake in the Bedaux Pass in the Northern Rocky Mountains.
 From there, it flows generally east, then north, and then east again to meet with the Fort Nelson River just east of the town of Fort Nelson.
 The river drops approximately 1100 m , its course taking it down the Rocky Mountain foothills through sub-alpine and boreal forest to meander across the forest and muskegs of the vast Liard River plains.
 From mouth to headwater, prominent tributaries include the Prophet River, Tuchodi River, and Gathto Creek.
 Much of the upper portions of this wilderness river and its watershed are located in the Northern Rocky Mountains Provincial Park, which is part of the larger Muskwa-Kechika Management Area.
 The region is a popular wilderness recreation destination.
