"El Amor" is a latin pop song by Guatemalan recording artist Ricardo Arjona, released on 23 August 2011 as the lead single from his thirteenth studio album, "Independiente" (2011).
 The song was written and produced by Arjona along with longtime collaborators Dan Warner and Lee Levin under their stage name Los Gringos, with additional production work from Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tommy Torres.
 "El Amor" is the first single Arjona releases under his new record label, Metamorfosis.
Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin has released seventy-nine Spanish and English-language singles.
 In 1984, thirteen-year-old Martin became a member of the Puerto Rican boy band Menudo.
 After recording eleven albums with the group, he left Menudo in 1989, hoping to rest and evaluate his career path.
 In 1990, he was signed to Sony Discos, the Sony Music Entertainment's Latin imprint.
 Martin released his debut solo album, the Spanish-language "Ricky Martin", in November 1991.
 It included hit singles: "Fuego Contra Fuego", "El Amor de Mi Vida" and "Vuelo".
 His second Spanish-language solo album, "Me Amarás" (1993) featured further successful singles: "Me Amarás", "Que Dia Es Hoy" and "Entre el Amor y los Halagos".
Mi novia es un fantasma is a 1944 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Francisco Múgica and starring Mirtha Legrand, Pepe Iglesias, and Nuri Montsé.
 At the 1945 Argentine Film Critics Association Awards Iglesias won the Silver Condor Award for Best Actor in a Comic Role for his performance in the film.
"Génesis" is the name given to the third studio album by the Puerto Rican singer, songwriter and actress, Mary Ann Acevedo, released in January 1, 2012 worldwide through digital download and in December 7, 2012 on compact disc.
 Originally the album was confirmed for release in February 2010 as "El Amor es la Solución", but with the birth of her daughter, Mary Ann had to delay the departure of the album to April 2010; then GT Musik announced the album release was delayed for a few months.
 She agreed that her homonymous first album was a continuation of her tenure in the third edition of "Objetivo Fama".
 On that album, the songs were chosen when Mary Ann left the reality show; in December she was released a special production titled "Cántale a tu Bebé".
"La differenza tra me e te" is a pop song written by Italian pop singer Tiziano Ferro.
 It was released as the first single from his fifth album "L'amore è una cosa semplice" (2011) and achieved success in Italy, where it was certified double platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry, and in Belgium.
 A Spanish-language version of the song was also released.
 Titled "La diferencia entre tú y yo", it served as the first single from "El amor es una cosa simple", the Spanish edition of Ferro's fifth studio album.
El amor es un juego extraño ("Love is a Strange Game") is a 1983 Mexican film.
 It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.
Manuel "El Loco" Valdés (born 29 January 1931) is a Mexican actor and comedian, member of the Valdés family.
 He is the brother of Ramón Valdés (a.k.a. "Don Ramón"), from the sitcom "El Chavo", and Germán Valdés (a.k.a. "Tin Tan").
 He is also the father of singer Cristian Castro and Marcos Valdés.
El camino del alma (The soul of journey) is the third studio album released by Mexican Latin pop singer Cristian Castro.
 It was released on August 15, 1994.
 Its major hit was the cover Juan Gabriel's "Mañana, Mañana".
 The album was nominated in 1996 for Best Latin Pop Album in the Grammy Awards and a Lo Nuestro Award for Pop Album of the Year.
Shery (born August 18, 1985) is a Guatemalan Latin pop singer and songwriter .
 She has recorded songs in Spanish and Italian, and shared stage with such international superstars as Chayanne, Cristian Castro, Manuel Mijares, Miguel Bosé, Enrique Iglesias, Vikki Carr and Aleks Syntek.
 Two of her original compositions (namely "El amor es un fantasma" and "En la vida y para siempre") have been finalists in the John Lennon Songwriting Contest, in New York City.
Cristian Sáez Valdés Castro (born 8 December 1974), referred to as Christian Castro or Cristian is a Mexican pop/rock singer.
 Widely regarded as the best and third most outstanding Hispanic singer in history.
