The Aspen Institute is an international nonprofit think tank founded in 1950 as the Aspen Institute of Humanistic Studies.
 The organization is dedicated to "fostering enlightened leadership, the appreciation of timeless ideas and values, and open-minded dialogue on contemporary issues".
 The institute and its international partners promote the pursuit of common ground and deeper understanding in a nonpartisan and nonideological setting through regular seminars, policy programs, conferences, and leadership development initiatives.
 The institute is headquartered in Washington, D.C., United States, and has campuses in Aspen, Colorado (its original home) and near the shores of the Chesapeake Bay at the Wye River in Maryland.
 It has partner Aspen Institutes in Berlin, Rome, Madrid, Paris, Lyon, Tokyo, New Delhi, Prague, Bucharest, Mexico City, and Kiev, as well as leadership initiatives in the United States and on the African continent, India, and Central America.
José M. de Areilza Carvajal, Count of Rodas, (born 1966 in Madrid, Spain) is Professor of Law and Jean Monnet Chair at ESADE Law School, Ramón Llull University, Barcelona and Madrid and Secretary General of Aspen Institute España foundation, a partner institution of The Aspen Institute in the US.
Mercedes Bass (born Mercedes Tavacoli) is an Iranian-American philanthropist and socialite active in New York City, Aspen, Colorado and Fort Worth, Texas.
 She has supported the Metropolitan Opera and she is a trustee of the Aspen Institute and the American Academy in Rome.
Walla Walla Community College (WWCC) is a multi-campus community college located in southeastern Washington state, USA.
 It is most recently the co-winner of the 2013 and 2014 Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence.
 It had been ranked in the top five best community colleges by the Aspen Institute in 2011 previously.
The Aspen Institute Wye River Conference Centers consists of 1100 acre acres overlooking the Wye River on Maryland's Eastern Shore.
Francis Keppel (April 16, 1916 – February 19, 1990) was an American educator.
 As U.S. Commissioner of Education (1962–1965) he was instrumental in developing the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and in overseeing enforcement of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in the schools.
 In 1966, he became head of the General Learning Corporation.
 Keppel later served on the New York City Board of Higher Education (1967–1971) and on Harvard’s Board of Overseers (1967–73).
 In 1974 he became founding chairman of the Lincoln Center Institute and director of the education policy program at the Aspen Institute.
Santa Barbara City College (SBCC) is a two-year community college that opened in 1909 and is located on a 74 acre campus in the city of Santa Barbara, California, USA.
 SBCC was named co-winner of the 2013 Aspen Institute Prize for Community College Excellence, earning it a #1 national ranking.
 The college was recognized for its quality and focus in four areas: facilitating underrepresented and minority student success, student learning outcomes, degree completion and transfer rates, and labor market success in securing good jobs after college.
 Santa Barbara City College was established by the Santa Barbara High School District in 1909, making it one of the oldest community colleges in California.
 The college was discontinued shortly after World War I, and its work largely taken over by the Santa Barbara State Normal School, which became the Santa Barbara State College, and later, the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Kevin Jeffrey Martin (born December 14, 1966) is a former member and Chairman of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC), an independent agency of the United States government.
 He was nominated to be a commissioner by President George W. Bush on April 30, 2001, and was confirmed on May 25, 2001.
 On March 16, 2005, President Bush designated him as FCC chairman, to replace Michael K. Powell.
 President Bush renominated Martin to a new five-year term on the Commission on April 25, 2006, and he was reconfirmed by the U.S. Senate on November 17, 2006.
 In January 2009, Martin announced that he would step down from the FCC and join the Aspen Institute, as a senior fellow in the think tank's Communications and Society Program.
 He has since become a partner with the law firm Squire Patton Boggs LLP.
Dan Mircea Geoană (] ; born July 14, 1958 in Bucharest) is a Romanian politician, who served as president of the upper chamber of the Romanian Parliament, the Senate from December 20, 2008 until he was revoked on November 23, 2011.
 From 21 April 2005 until 21 February 2010 he was the head of the Partidul Social Democrat (PSD, Social Democratic Party), Romania's largest party.
 He was the candidate of the party for the position of President of Romania in the 2009 presidential election.
 He was dismissed from PSD on 22 of November 2011 but rejoined the party in late 2012.
 Now he is the acting president and founder of P.S.RO, the Social Romanian Party founded on April 2015.
 He is also the president of Aspen Institute Romania, which is an apolitical and non-profit organisation.
Indian River State College (IRSC) is a state college based in Fort Pierce, Florida, which serves the counties of Indian River, Martin, Okeechobee and St. Lucie.
 In September 2014, the college was named as one of the ten best community colleges in the United States by the Aspen Institute.
