Shannon Bream (born Shannon Noelle DePuy, December 23, 1970) is an American journalist for the Fox News Channel.
 She is Fox News's Supreme Court reporter as well as the anchor of "America's News Headquarters" on Sundays from 12:00–2:00 PM (Eastern) and "America's Election Headquarters" weekdays from 2:00–3:00 PM (Eastern).
 Bream is also an occasional substitute anchor for "Special Report with Bret Baier", "Fox News Sunday".
 On September 21 2017, Fox News announced she would be host of a new prime time show, "Fox News @ Night".
Kevin Magee is an American television executive with MSNBC, serving as Executive-in-Charge of the morning news show, Morning Joe.
 He came there from the Fox Business network.
 He joined the FOX Broadcasting group in 2001.
 He began his term as Senior Vice Preisent of FOX News Radio in 2005.
 Chairman of FOX News Programming Council.
 Prior to Fox, he served as business news executive producer for CNBC from 1997-2001.
 He also worked for ABC News, as senior programming producer of Good Morning America from 1991-1997.
The Alan Colmes Show was a nationally syndicated American radio show hosted by commentator Alan Colmes on Fox News Radio.
 The show aired on weeknights from 6:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) from Fox's Manhattan studios.
 The program was carried by a number of terrestrial radio stations across the country via Fox News syndication unit Fox News Radio, as well as by XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio, both on channel 126 Fox News Talk.
 The show featured commentary by Colmes, numerous callers, and interviews of guests.
 It began broadcasting in February 2003.
Robert Gilliland Beckel (born November 15, 1948) is an American political analyst and pundit, and a former political operative.
 He is a former analyst and commentator on Fox News.
 He had previously been a commentator on Fox News where he co-hosted "The Five" until he was released in 2015 after being absent for several months while recovering from back surgery.
 After departing Fox News in 2015, Beckel became a commentator for CNN.
 On January 16, 2017, he returned to Fox News as a co-host of "The Five".
 On May 19, 2017, Fox News announced Beckel was released again as a result of making a racist remark against another Fox News employee.
Alan Samuel Colmes (September 24, 1950 – February 23, 2017) was an American radio and television host, liberal political commentator for the Fox News Channel, and blogger.
 He was the host of "The Alan Colmes Show", a nationally syndicated talk-radio show distributed by Fox News Radio that was broadcast throughout the United States on Fox News Talk on Sirius and XM.
 From 1996 to 2009, Colmes served as the co-host of "Hannity & Colmes", a nightly political debate show on Fox News Channel.
 Beginning in 2015, Colmes supplied the voice of The Liberal Panel, an animatronic robot face built into a panelled wall who spouts conventionally liberal political opinions, on Fox News Channel's "The Greg Gutfeld Show".
Fox News presents a variety of programming with up to 17 hours of live programming per day.
 Most of the programs are broadcast from Fox News headquarters in New York City in their street-side studio on Sixth Avenue in the west extension of Rockefeller Center.
 The network's other programs are broadcast from Fox News's studio in Washington, D.C., located on Capitol Hill across from Union Station, as well as in the FOX News Texas Studios in Las Colinas, Irving, Texas.
 Audio simulcasts of the channel are aired on XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio.
 Fox News also hosts a website with a number of political columnists and weblogs.
The Story with Martha MacCallum is an American cable television news show hosted by Martha MacCallum that airs live on Fox News on weeknights.
 The show debuted under the title "The First 100 Days" with the premise of chronicling the presidential transition and beginning of the administration of Donald Trump.
 On May 1, 2017 the show was renamed to reflect the end of the Trump administration's first hundred days and shifted to a broader format focused on news analysis and newsmaker interviews.
Fox News Talk is a satellite radio channel that showcases talk shows and news reports from Fox News Channel personalities, along with other Fox News and talk programming.
 Fox News Talk carries a combination of Fox News syndicated radio programming, Fox News Channel show audio simulcasts, and Fox newscasts at the top of the hour.
Eric Thomas Bolling (born March 2, 1963) is an American television personality, conservative political commentator, author, and financial commentator.
 He has occupied numerous roles as a commentator on financial issues for television, most notably for Fox News.
 Bolling took over as host of the Fox Business Channel news program "Cashin' In" in 2013.
 He was a co-host of Fox News Channel's "The Five" at its inception, until leaving to co-host "Fox News Specialists" in May 2017.
 In 2016, Bolling published his first book, "Wake Up America", which became a "New York Times" best seller.
 In 2017 he wrote another book, "The Swamp: Washington's Murky Pool of Corruption and Cronyism and How Trump Can Drain It".
 On August 5, 2017, "HuffPost" reported that he had sent unsolicited lewd photographs and text messages to three female colleagues several years previously.
 Fox News conducted an independent investigation and mutually agreed to part ways with Bolling the following month.
William James O'Reilly Jr. (born September 10, 1949) is an American journalist, author, and television host.
 During the late 1970s and 1980s, he reported for local television stations in the United States and later for CBS News and ABC News.
 He anchored the tabloid television program "Inside Edition" from 1989 to 1995.
 In 1996, O'Reilly joined the Fox News Channel and hosted "The O'Reilly Factor" until 2017.
 "The O'Reilly Factor" was the highest-rated cable news show for 16 years and he was described by media analyst Howard Kurtz as "the biggest star in the 20 year history at Fox News" at the time of his departure.
 He is the author of several books and hosted "The Radio Factor" (2002–2009).
 After a "New York Times" investigation revealed that O'Reilly and Fox News had settled five sexual harassment lawsuits totaling $13 million, Fox News terminated O'Reilly's employment.
 In 2017, he started the "No Spin News" podcast.
