The Constitution of India designates the official languages of India as Hindi and English.
 In India, 255 million people speak at least two languages and 87.5 million speak three or more languages.
Museum of Human Beings, included in the National American Indian Heritage Month Booklist, November 2012 and 2013 is a novel written by Colin Sargent, which delves into the heart-rending life of Jean-Baptiste Charbonneau, the son of Sacagawea.
 Sacagawea was the Native American guide, who at 16 led the Lewis and Clark expedition.
The Tsimshianic languages are a family of languages spoken in northwestern British Columbia and in Southeast Alaska on Annette Island and Ketchikan.
 About 2,170 people of the ethnic Tsimshian population in Canada still speak a Tsimshian language; about 50 of the 1,300 Tsimshian people living in Alaska still speak Coast Tsimshian.
 Tsimshianic languages are considered by most linguists to be an isolate group of languages, with four main languages or lects: Coast Tsimshian, Southern Tsimshian, Nisg̱a’a, and Gitksan.
Multilingualism is the use of more than one language, either by an individual speaker or by a community of speakers.
 It is believed that multilingual speakers outnumber monolingual speakers in the world's population.
 More than half of all Europeans claim to speak at least one other language in addition to their mother tongue.
 Multilingualism is becoming a social phenomenon governed by the needs of globalization and cultural openness.
 Owing to the ease of access to information facilitated by the Internet, individuals' exposure to multiple languages is becoming increasingly frequent, thereby promoting a need to acquire additional languages.
 People who speak several languages are also called polyglots.
Amazonian languages is the term used to refer to the indigenous languages of "Greater Amazonia."
 This area is significantly larger than the Amazon and extends from the Atlantic coast all the way to the Andes, while its southern border is usually said to be the Paraná.
 The region is inhabited by societies that share many cultural traits but whose languages are characterized by great diversity.
 There are about 330 extant languages in Greater Amazonia, almost half of which have fewer than 500 speakers.
 Meanwhile, only Guajiro has a six-digit number of speakers (about 300,000).
 Of the 330 total languages, about fifty are isolates, while the remaining ones belong to about 25 different families.
 Most of the posited families have few members.
 It is this distribution of many small and historically unrelated speech communities that makes Amazonia one of the most linguistically diverse regions in the world.
 The precise reasons for this unusual diversity have not yet been conclusively determined, but it is noteworthy that Amazonian languages seem to have had fewer than 10,000 native speakers even before the invasion of European colonists wrought havoc on the societies by which they were spoken.
 Despite the large-scale diversity, the long-term contact among many of the languages of Greater Amazonia has created similarities between many neighboring languages that are not genetically related.
 The small tribes can speak English but that would be used as one of their secondary languages
There are eleven official languages of South Africa: Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tsonga, Tswana, Venda, Xhosa and Zulu.
 Fewer than two percent of South Africans speak a first language other than an official one.
 Most South Africans can speak more than one language.
 Dutch and English were the first official languages of South Africa from 1910 to 1925.
 Afrikaans was added as a part of Dutch in 1925, although in practice, Afrikaans effectively replaced Dutch, which fell into disuse.
 When South Africa became a republic in 1961 the official relationship changed such that Afrikaans was considered to include Dutch, and Dutch was dropped in 1984, so between 1984 and 1994, South Africa had two official languages: English and Afrikaans.
Transitional bilingualism is the shift from being bilingual, knowing two different languages, to only speaking one leading language.
 This usually happens over a period of time and can be seen within a few generations.
 There are families with immigrant grandparents who speak primarily their native language and some of the new country's language.
 Their children then speak both languages, but the grandchildren only speak the dominant or preferred language of the new location.
 The United States provides many examples of this phenomenon.
 For example, a woman born and raised in Mexico moved to the United States and learned a bit of English and spoke a great deal of Spanish as well.
 Her daughter, born and reared in the U.S. was equally fluent in both Spanish and English (bilingual).
 The grandchild of the Mexican immigrant, who was born and has been reared in the U.S., speaks only English.
This is a list of extinct languages of Europe, languages which have undergone language death, have no native speakers and no spoken descendant.
 As the vast majority of Europeans speak Indo-European languages, a result of the westward portion of the prehistoric Indo-European migrations, the bulk of the indigenous languages of Europe became extinct thousands of years ago without leaving any record of their existence as they were replaced with Celtic, Italic, Germanic, Balto-Slavic, Hellenic, and Iranian Indo-European languages.
 A small minority of these extinct languages, however, survived long enough to be attested.
Jino Language (Jinuo; also known as Buyuan, Jinuo, Buyuan Jinuo 基諾語補遠方言.)
 autonyms: "tɕy˦no˦", "ki˦nʲo˦") Jino language is a pair of Loloish languages spoken by the Jino people of Yunnan.
 In total, there are about 28,320 Jinuo people living in China.
 70%-80% of jinuo people can speak Jino fluently in the world.
 The Jino languages has two subdialects of Youle Jino and Buyuan Jinuo, and they are not mutually intelligible.
 Buyuan Jinuo is spoken by 21,000 people Most of the speakers are monolingual, which means they only speak Jino language.
 There is no official written form.
 Most Jino also speak one of the Tai languages or Chinese.
 The iso 639-3 code for jino language is "jiu" for Youle Jino, or "jiy" for Buyuan Jino.
 The Glottocode for Jino language is "youl1235" for Youle Jino, or "buyu1238" for Buyuan Jino.
The Hani languages is a group of closely related but distinct languages of the Loloish (Yi) branch of the Tibeto-Burman linguistic group.
 Approximately 1.5 million people speak these languages, mainly in China, Laos, Burma (Myanmar), and Vietnam; more than 90% of the speakers of these languages live in China.
 Various ethnicities that use Hani languages are grouped into a single class recognized nationality named "Hani" after the largest subgroup.
 In China, the languages of this group—which include Hani proper, Akha, and Hao-Bai (Honi and Baihong)—are considered dialects.
 Western scholars, however, have traditionally classified them as separate languages.
