Indian Mound Cemetery is a cemetery located along the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) on a promontory of the "Yellow Banks" overlooking the South Branch Potomac River and Mill Creek Mountain in Romney, West Virginia, United States.
 The cemetery is centered on a Hopewellian mound, known as the Romney Indian Mound.
 Indian Mound Cemetery is also the site of Fort Pearsall, the Confederate Memorial, Parsons Bell Tower, and reinterments from Romney's Old Presbyterian Cemetery.
 The cemetery is currently owned and maintained by the Indian Mound Cemetery Association, Inc.
The Rockefeller Cottage is a house on Jekyll Island, Georgia.
 It is also called "Indian Mound" and is next to the Jekyll Island Club.
 The house was built by Gordon McKay in 1892.
 McKay died in 1903 and the house was bought by William Rockefeller in 1905, who used it as a winter home.
 It was evacuated in 1942, along with the rest of the island.
 The house remained in the Rockefeller family until 1947, when the Jekyll Island Authority bought the property.
 It was open as a museum from 1950 until 1968, when it was closed for badly needed repairs.
 It is now a public museum.
 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
Indian Mound Park, also known as Shell Mound Park or Indian Shell Mound Park, is a park and bird refuge located on the northern shore of Dauphin Island, a barrier island of Mobile County, Alabama in the United States.
 In addition to the many birds which visit, a wide variety of botanical species contribute to the natural offerings.
 The site is historically significant due to the presence of prehistoric Indian shell middens, mounds composed of discarded oyster shells.
 The park was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 14, 1973.
 It is administered by the Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.
"The Mound" is a horror/science fiction novella by American author H. P. Lovecraft, written by him as a ghostwriter from December 1929 to January 1930 after he was hired by Zealia Bishop to create a story about an Indian mound which is haunted by a headless ghost.
 Lovecraft expanded the story into a tale about a mound that conceals a gateway to a subterranean civilization, the realm of K'n-yan.
 The story was not published during Lovecraft's lifetime.
 A heavily abridged version was published in the November 1940 issue of "Weird Tales", and the full text was finally published in 1989.
The Portavant Mound (also known as the Portavant Mound Site or Snead Island Temple Mound or Portavant Indian Mound) is an archaeological site on Snead Island, just west of Palmetto, Florida.
 On December 23, 1994, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Mount Pisgah Benevolence Cemetery is an African-American cemetery in Romney, West Virginia, United States.
 The cemetery is located along the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) below Indian Mound Cemetery overlooking Sulphur Spring Run.
 Historically known as the Romney Colored Cemetery and more recently as the Romney African-American Cemetery, the cemetery was created for African-Americans in the South Branch Valley who were not permitted to be interred in the city's Indian Mound Cemetery.
 The cemetery has been in use since the early 19th century and continues to serve Romney's African-American community.
 It is currently maintained by the Mount Pisgah United Methodist Church, from which it takes its name.
Town Creek Indian Mound (31 MG 2) is a prehistoric Native American archaeological site located near present-day Mount Gilead, Montgomery County, North Carolina, in the United States.
 The site, whose main features are a platform mound with a surrounding village and wooden defensive palisade, was built by the Pee Dee, a South Appalachian Mississippian culture people (a regional variation of the Mississippian culture) that developed in the region as early as 980 CE.
 They thrived in the Pee Dee River region of North and South Carolina during the Pre-Columbian era.
 The Town Creek site was an important ceremonial site occupied from about 1150—1400 CE.
 It was abandonded for unknown reasons.
 It is the only ceremonial mound and village center of that culture located within North Carolina.
Indian Mound Cottage is a mansion that was owned by oil executive William Rockefeller.
 It was built in 1892, stands three stories high, and has a total of 25 rooms.
 There are 9 bedrooms, 9 bathrooms, and 7 servant rooms.
 Indian Mound has many distinguishing features such as an elevator, a cedar lined walk-in safe, taps for hot and cold salt water on the bathtub in the master bedroom bath, and a mound in the front yard which is how the cottage got its nickname "Indian Mound".
Santee Indian Mound and Fort Watson is a historic archaeological site located near Summerton, Clarendon County, South Carolina.
 Santee Indian Mound was part of a Santee mound village complex; it was probably a burial and/or temple mound, likely constructed in some cultural period between 1200-1500.
The Sheboygan Indian Mound Park is a public park in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
 Its main attraction is 18 Indian burial mounds distributed over 15 acres.
 The Kletzien Mound Group, located within the park, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 While the park is operated by the City of Sheboygan, it is surrounded by the Town of Wilson in a residential neighborhood.
 The park is protected under the Wisconsin Burial Sites Preservation Law.
