Tzvetana Maneva (Bulgarian: Цветана Манева ) (born in Plovdiv, Bulgaria on 30 January 1944) is a Bulgarian actress.
 She was born in Plovdiv and her artistic career started here.
 The eminent Bulgarian actress made her debut in cinema in the 1960s and has appeared in more than 50 Bulgarian films.
Shela (シェラ ) is a Japanese Pop singer and actress made a debut under avex trax label.
 Before her career started, shela was the lead vocalist and saxophonist of the three member band FBI from 1997 to 1998.
 In 1999 she signed with avex trax, and embarked on a solo career.
 In 2004 she joined the band, sunny-side up, and split with the original line-up in 2005.
 As of 2009 shela has made her comeback currently signed to the indie label Rosso Records.
Are We Done Yet?
 is a 2007 American family comedy film starring Ice Cube.
 The film is a remake of the Cary Grant comedy "Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House" and a sequel to the 2005 comedy "Are We There Yet?
" The film was directed by Steve Carr from a screenplay by Hank Nelken.
 It was produced by Revolution Studios and RKO Pictures and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 The film was shot on location in Tsawwassen, British Columbia, Canada, but is set in Newberg, Oregon, United States.
A Get2Gether is a 2005 comedy film, directed by Ceon Forte, and starring B. Cole and Tony Roberts.
 The film was director Forte's feature-film directorial debut.
Rimpi Das is an Indian actress and model, who works in Assamese cinema and Hindi television industry.
 Rimpi Das made her acting debut in the Assamese film "Monot Birinar Jui" directed by Ashok Kumar Bishaya.
 She has appeared in many Assamese movies which includes national award winning films like "Ajeyo" and "Mon Jaai".
 She has also done Assamese VCD films like "Uroniya Mon", "Phaguni", "Jonaki Mon" etc.
 This beautiful actress made her Kollywood debut through Pali directed by A.Jesudoss.
Kishori Ballal is a veteran Indian actress who is known for her works in Kannada cinema.
 The actress made her debut in 1960 with "Ivalentha Hendthi" and since then in a career spanning over 15 years, she has appeared in 72 films and along the way has worked with some of the most renowned directors and stalwart actors.
 Apart from Kannada film, the actress has also worked in Hindi films most notably as the caretaker of Shah Rukh Khan in the critically acclaimed "Swades".
 Her 2016 release includes Mahaveera Machideva and Aasra.
 Television roles include the matriarch in long running serial "Amruthavarshini".
The Boy with a Thorn in His Side is a 2005 comedy film, produced and directed by Mark Jeavonsa as his feature film debut, and starring Alec Sedgley as Billy Heinlickburger.
 Its title is almost the same as a song by The Smiths.
Gloria Garayua (born October 18, 1978 in New York City) is an American film and television actress.
 Garayua made her major film debut in the 2005 comedy film "Fun With Dick and Jane", and is now commonly cast in guest roles on long-running series such as "Six Feet Under", "Weeds" and "The Shield".
 After being cast in an ongoing role in "Grey's Anatomy", Garayua has played recurring roles in other popular TV shows such as "Cougar Town" and "How to Get Away with Murder".
Hitch is a 2005 American romantic comedy film directed by Andy Tennant and starring Will Smith.
 The film, which was written by Kevin Bisch, co-stars Eva Mendes, Kevin James, and Amber Valletta.
 Smith plays the main fictional character of the film, Alex "Hitch" Hitchens, who is a professional dating consultant who makes a living teaching men how to woo women.
 The film was released on February 11, 2005 by Columbia Pictures.
Paula Maxine Patton (born December 5, 1975) is an American actress.
 Patton made her film debut in the 2005 comedy film "Hitch" and starred in the epic fantasy film "Warcraft" (2016), based on the game series of the same name.
 Patton has also been the female lead in "Déjà Vu" (2006), "" (2011) and "2 Guns" (2013), and appeared in the critically acclaimed "Precious" (2009).
