Testosterone phenylpropionate (BAN) (brand name Testolent), or testosterone phenpropionate, also known as testosterone hydrocinnamate, is a synthetic anabolic-androgenic steroid (AAS) and an androgen ester – specifically, the C17β phenylpropionate ester of testosterone – which was formerly marketed in Romania.
 It was first reported in the scientific literature in 1955 and was an ingredient of several isolated AAS commercial products, but was never widely used.
 Testosterone phenylpropionate was also notably a component of Sustanon and Omnadren.
The step over (also known as the pedalada, the denílson, or the scissors) is a dribbling move, or feint, in football, used to fool a defensive player into thinking the offensive player, in possession of the ball, is going to move in a direction he does not intend to move in.
 The move was reportedly invented by Argentine striker Pedro Calomino in the early 1900s.
 It was reportedly first used in Europe by Dutch player Law Adam, who was famous for it in the late 1920s/early 1930s, earning the nickname "Adam the Scissorsman", and it was later also used in Italy by Amedeo Biavati in the 1930s.
 It was popularised in the mid-1990s by global superstar Ronaldo.
 Nowadays, the technique is in widespread use by attacking players all over the world, such as Cristiano Ronaldo.
A chess problem, also called a chess composition, is a puzzle set by somebody using chess pieces on a chess board, that presents the solver with a particular task to be achieved.
 For instance, a position might be given with the instruction that White is to move first, and checkmate Black in two moves against any possible defense.
 A person who creates such problems is known as a composer.
 There is a good deal of specialized jargon used in connection with chess problems; see glossary of chess problems for a list.
MMB-2201 (also known as 5F-MMB-PICA, 5F-AMB-PICA, and I-AMB) is a potent indole-3-carboxamide based synthetic cannabinoid, which has been sold as a designer drug and as an active ingredient in synthetic cannabis blends.
 It was first reported in Russia and Belarus in January 2014, but has since been sold in a number of other countries.
 It is the indole core analogue of 5F-AMB.
 Synthetic cannabinoid compounds with an indole-3-carboxamide or indazole-3-carboxamide core bearing a N-1-methoxycarbonyl group with attached isopropyl or t-butyl substituent, have proved to be much more dangerous than older synthetic cannabinoid compounds previously reported, and have been linked to a large number of deaths in Russia, Japan, Europe and the United States.
Diarylpropionitrile (DPN), also known as 2,3-bis(p-hydroxyphenyl)propionitrile (2,3-BHPPN), is a synthetic, nonsteroidal, and highly selective agonist of ERβ (IC = 15 nM) that is used widely in scientific research to study the function of this receptor.
 It is 70-fold more selective for ERβ over ERα, and has 100-fold lower affinity for GPER (GPR30) relative to estradiol.
 DPN produces antidepressant- and anxiolytic-like effects in animals via activation of the endogenous oxytocin system.
 First reported in 2001, DPN was the first selective ERβ agonist to be discovered, and was followed by prinaberel (ERB-041, WAY-202041), WAY-200070, and 8β-VE2 in 2004, ERB-196 (WAY-202196) in 2005, and certain phytoestrogens like liquiritigenin and nyasol ("cis"-hinokiresinol) since 2007.
Citrus greening disease (; or HLB), is a disease of citrus caused by a vector-transmitted pathogen.
 The causative agents are motile bacteria, "Candidatus" Liberibacter spp.
 The disease is vectored and transmitted by the Asian citrus psyllid, "Diaphorina citri", and the African citrus psyllid, "Trioza erytreae", also known as the two-spotted citrus psyllid.
 It has also been shown to be graft-transmissible.
 Three different types of HLB are currently known: The heat-tolerant Asian form, and the heat-sensitive African and American forms.
 The disease was first described in 1929 and first reported in China in 1943.
 The African variation was first reported in 1947 in South Africa, where it is still widespread.
 Eventually, it affected the United states, reaching Florida in 2005.
 Within three years, it had spread to the majority of citrus farms.
 The rapid increase in this disease has threatened the citrus industry not only in Florida, but the entire US.
 As of 2009, 33 countries have reported HLB infection in their citrus crop.
Pohole, also known as hō'i'o is an edible fiddlehead fern eaten in Hawaiian cuisine salad.
 The salads are made the unfurled fronds of a Diplazium esculentum fern (also known as Athyrium esculentum).
 The ferns grow in wet areas of shady valleys.
 The fern species Diplazium esculentum is believed to have been introduced and naturalized in Hawaii and was first reported collected in 1910.
 The fern also has medicinal uses.
Satoyoshi syndrome, also known as Komura-Guerri syndrome, is a rare progressive disorder of presumed autoimmune cause, characterized by painful muscle spasms, alopecia, diarrhea, endocrinopathy with amenorrhoea and secondary skeletal abnormalities.
 The syndrome was first reported in 1967 by Eijiro Satoyoshi and Kaneo Yamada in Tokyo, Japan.
 To this date, fewer than 50 cases worldwide have been reported for the Satoyoshi syndrome.
EAM-2201 (4'-ethyl-AM-2201, 5"-fluoro-JWH-210) is a drug that presumably acts as a potent agonist for the cannabinoid receptors.
 It had never previously been reported in the scientific or patent literature, and was first identified by laboratories in Japan in July 2012 as an ingredient in synthetic cannabis smoking blends Like the closely related MAM-2201 which had been first reported around a year earlier, EAM-2201 thus appears to be another novel compound invented by designer drug suppliers specifically for recreational use.
 Structurally, EAM-2201 is a hybrid of two known cannabinoid compounds JWH-210 and AM-2201, both of which had previously been used as active ingredients in synthetic cannabis blends before being banned in many countries.
Silicon borides (also known as boron silicides) are lightweight ceramic compounds formed between silicon and boron.
 Several stoichiometric silicon boride compounds, SiB, have been reported: silicon triboride, SiB, silicon tetraboride, SiB, silicon hexaboride, SiB, as well as SiB ("n" = 14, 15, 40, etc.).
 The "n" = 3 and "n" = 6 phases were reported as being co-produced together as a mixture for the first time by Henri Moissan and Alfred Stock in 1900 by briefly heating silicon and boron in a clay vessel.
 The tetraboride was first reported as being synthesized directly from the elements in 1960 by three independent groups: Carl Cline and Donald Sands; Ervin Colton; and Cyrill Brosset and Bengt Magnusson.
 It has been proposed that the triboride is a silicon-rich version of the tetraboride.
 Hence, the stoichiometry of either compound could be expressed as SiB where "x" = 0 or 1.
 All the silicon borides are black, crystalline materials of similar density: 2.52 and 2.47 g cm, respectively, for the "n" = 3(4) and 6 compounds.
 On the Mohs scale of mineral hardness, SiB and SiB are intermediate between diamond (10) and ruby (9).
 The silicon borides may be grown from boron-saturated silicon in either the solid or liquid state.
