The Singing Contest of Icelandic Junior Colleges (Söngkeppni framhaldsskólanna) is a yearly competition that has been held since 1990 on behalf of the "Organization of Junior Colleges Students".
 Each year, a preliminary competition is held in each college and then representatives from each school compete on the final evening of the main competition.
 The singing contest is usually held before the end of the school year.
Australia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Vienna, Austria.
 Owing to its cultural and political ties to European countries, the Eurovision Song Contest has been televised in Australia by the public broadcaster SBS for over thirty years.
 In honour of the contest's 60th running and in recognition of the event's popularity in Australia, it was announced on 10 February 2015 that Australia was to be invited to compete in the 2015 contest as a special guest participant.
 Australians have participated in and even won Eurovision as representatives of other countries.
 In 2015 for example, the Australian coloratura soprano of Armenian descent Mary-Jean O'Doherty participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 contest as part of the group Genealogy representing Armenia.
 But this marked the first time that the country has officially participated.
Blossoming Flowers (; literally "flower baby blossoming") also known as Super Flowers Girl was an annual national Chinese singing contest for female contestants, organized by Qinghai Satellite Television between 2010.
 It was generally described as the Qinghai version of "Super Girl" and becoming another popular entertainment shows in the country.
 The singing contest will have air its second season in March 2011.
"Face the Shadow" (formerly known as "Don't Deny") is a song performed by Armenian supergroup Genealogy.
 The song is composed by Armen Martirosyan and the lyrics are by Inna Mkrtchyan.
 The song represented Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 on 23 May 2015, finishing 16th overall, with a total of 34 points from only 8 countries including a maximum 12 points from Georgia.
Faustina Charles Mfinanga (born November 9, 1994) popularly known as Nandy is Tanzanian female singer and songwriter, she became popular with her hit single after being on Africa's biggest singing contest "Tecno own the stage" singing contest and becoming the first runner up she introduced herself in the music scene with her hit single One day.
The Voice Indonesia is a reality television singing competition created by John de Mol which premiered in Indonesia on 10 February 2013 on Indosiar.
 The format is Dutch and the original Dutch version of the programme was broadcast in the Netherlands for the first time in 2010 as "The Voice of Holland".
 The show replaced the previous singing contest show Akademi Fantasi Indosiar.
 Season 2 will be aired in the RCTI.
 RCTI once again appointed Fabian Dharmawan to produce The Voice Indonesia after successful seasons with Indonesian Idol, X Factor Indonesia and Sasuke Ninja Warrior Indonesia.
 This program replaces the previous programs singing talent contest, Indonesian Idol because the broadcast is over from 2004 to 2014 and now otherwise been removed from list of programs RCTI.
 Indosiar dropped "The Voice Indonesia" after the first season due to poor ratings.
 In 2016, the RCTI won the rights to the show, and a second season went into production.
 In June 2017, RCTI announced that "Indonesian Idol", another singing talent show seeking to discover the best singer through nationwide auditions, would return in 2018 and that "The Voice Indonesia" would not continue.
Tia Ray ( ; born 12 December 1984) is a Chinese singer.
 In 2004, she began to work as a background singer for Chinese singers including Jane Zhang and Ma Tianyu.
 In 2013, she appeared on the Chinese singing contest "The Voice of China", and debuted her singing career.
 In 2014, she released her debut self-titled studio album.
 In 2017, she appeared on the Chinese singing contest "Singer".
Genealogy is an Armenian supergroup that was formed to represent Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015.
 Five of the six members come from a different continent of the Armenian diaspora whose families once spread all over the world after the Armenian Genocide of 1915.
 The five artists from the diaspora also symbolize the five petals of the forget-me-not (official logo of the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, commemorated in April 2015), while the center of the flower is represented by the sixth artist, actually from the Republic of Armenia.
Radio Disney's Next BIG Thing (also known by the initials N.B.T.) is a singing contest broadcast on Radio Disney that first launched in November 2008.
 The contest takes place over 10 weeks, with new and unsigned artists or bands competing every two weeks.
 Radio listeners can then vote for the singer or band of their choice to progress in the contest, with the overall winner being announced at the contest's end.
 Singing duo Jonnie and Brookie won the show's first season in May 2009.
Rising Stars Philippines is a karaoke - based singing competition airing on TV5 starting last March 14, 2015 at 10pm.
a singing contest wherein judges are told what to do and ask them choose risingstar's bet,That's why Mr. Jimmy Bondoc left the show because of that.
 It was a local contest before it was finally aired on television.
 Before they roam around the country, having booth inside the malls and online auditions were added as well, to find the best online singing sensation from all around the country.
 The selected finalists soon were revealed through online Voting, (Judges choice, Top voter & best performance).
The finalists will then have a mall show where the winners will be revealed.
 Until it was famous enough to be launched, Venus Raj and Ogie Alcasid take the role as the hosts of the show.
 Jaya and Papa Jack served as casual judges and Nina, and Jimmy Bondoc as guest judges.
 Jimmy Bondoc was an official casual judge until he left due to personal reasons.
 Anna Feliciano served as the show's coach.
 On the finale, Ms. Gwen Albarracin, the President and CEO of the Center for Pop and Ms. Wilma Galvante,the Chief Entertainment Content Officer of TV5 served as guest judges.
 The network initially planned to air the program on both Saturday and Sunday nights at 9pm.
 But due to the network's crowded Sunday lineup, "Rising Stars" instead aired on Saturday nights only, moving "Call Me Papa Jack" to Sundays at 10pm.
