Antoni Gołubiew (February 25, 1907 in Vilnius – June 27, 1979 in Kraków), nicknames Goa, Jan Karol Wayda, Jerzy Cichocki, was a Polish historian, writer and a Catholic publicist.
 He was one of the cofounders of the pre World War II biweekly "Pax".
 After the war he wrote for the magazines "Znak", "Odra", and "Tygodnik Powszechny".
 He was also one of the organizers (together with, among others, Czesław Miłosz) of the poetry group Zagary.
 He is best known as the author of the four volume historical epic "Boleslaw Chrobry" which was written over the whole lifetime of the author.
 This epic tells the story of the founding and first years of existence of the Polish state.
The Captive Mind (Polish: Zniewolony umysł ) is a 1953 work of nonfiction by Polish writer, academic and Nobel laureate Czesław Miłosz, published in the English translation originally by Secker and Warburg.
 The work was written in Polish soon after the author received political asylum in Paris following his break with Poland's Communist government.
 It draws upon his experiences as an underground writer during World War II, and his position within the political and cultural elite of Poland in the immediate post-war years.
 The book attempts to explain both the intellectual allure of Stalinism and the temptation of collaboration with the Stalinist regime among intellectuals in post-war Central and Eastern Europe.
 Miłosz describes the book as having been written "under great inner conflict".
Vasíl Uładzímiravič Býkaŭ (often spelled Vasil Bykov, Belarusian: Васі́ль Уладзі́міравіч Бы́каў , Russian: Василь Влади́мирович Быков ) (June 19, 1924 – June 22, 2003) was a prolific author of novels and novellas about World War II and a significant figure in Belarusian literature and civic thought.
 His work earned him endorsements for the Nobel Prize nomination from, among others, Nobel Prize laureates Joseph Brodsky and Czesław Miłosz.
Popular British poet, novelist, blogger and environmentalist Tess Joyce during her visit to Brahmaputra valley in Assam for working in a techno-environmental project observed utter lack of environmental awareness and concern for the wellness of Brahmaputra river by the riverine people who settled down on both the banks of the river in the entire valley.
 She discussed this serious issue with famous environmental engineer, popular short-story writer, novelist, actor and poet Arnab Jan Deka, and he agreed to launch the campaign "Save the Brahmaputra River" under the NGO headed by himself "Assam Foundation-India", wherein later on "Principal Bhabananda Deka Foundation" joined as partner charity.
 They both framed the primary objectives of the campaign project, and received generous support from the general body members of the Foundation.
Timeless is a multilingual album by Assamese musician Jim Ankan Deka.
 The album was recorded in 2012.
 The CD contains seven tracks while the digital version has only five tracks.
 The album is a tribute to Indian music maestros Dr. Bhupen Hazarika and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, writer Bhabananda Deka and the National anthem of India.
Prof Bhabananda Deka (Assamese:ভৱানন্দ ডেকা) (19 August 1929 – 4 December 2006) has been acknowledged as the pioneer Assam economist and author, who conducted path-breaking research for the very first time on the economy of the far eastern part of India.
 He was also a leading Indian-Assamese litterateur of the famed 'Awahon-Ramdhenu Era' of Assamese literature during the mid-20th century.
 He was the author of a total of 115 English and Assamese books including textbooks on a range of fifteen subjects including economics, ancient Assamese literature, philosophy, education, religion, mythology, archaeology, tribal study, poetry, drama, memoirs, civics, political science, biographies; he also edited books and journals.
 He also authored a variety of research papers and articles about the state of Assam, a state in the north-eastern part of India.
 He pioneered the writing of books on Economics in Assamese.
 His Assamese book "Axomor Arthaneeti" was the first ever research-based comprehensive book on Assam Economics, which was published for the first time in 1963.
 Until this book on Assam Economics was published, there was hardly any comprehensive research-based material available on this crucial topic.
 Because of his monumental social and intellectual contributions to Assam, he had been conferred with the honorary title of 'Asom Ratna' -- 'Jewel of Assam' by the intellectuals of Assam on 19 August 2007 at a public meet held under the presidency of Prof. (Dr) Satyendra Narayan Goswami.
Nalini Prava Deka (11 March 1944 – 15 June 2014) was an Assamese-language author, poet, storyteller, actress and playwright from Assam, a state encompassing the Brahmaputra Valley in India.
 She was honoured at a 2012 gathering in Ledo by the Assam Sahitya Sabha (Assam Literary Society).
 Deka promoted Assamese heritage, traditional customs, weaving and fabric art, cooking and folk music with her husband, Bhabananda Deka.
 They researched traditional Assamese lifestyle, art, literature and culture.
 Deka was the first female editor and publisher of a children's magazine, "Phul" ("Flower"), and wrote 30 critically praised books.
 All India Radio broadcast Deka's radio plays on issues related to women and children.
<br>
Lynn O'Donnell (died 1996) was an independent film producer, whose works included the award-winning "Crumb", "Living on Tokyo Time", and a number of specials made for America public television, including films on Nobel Laureate Czesław Miłosz and Argentinian tango superstar Carlos Gardel.
Robert Pinsky (born October 20, 1940) is an American poet, essayist, literary critic, and translator.
 From 1997 to 2000, he served as Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress.
 Pinsky is the author of nineteen books, most of which are collections of his poetry.
 His published work also includes critically acclaimed translations, including "The Inferno" of Dante Alighieri and "The Separate Notebooks" by Czesław Miłosz.
 He teaches at Boston University.
The Economy of Assam is largely agriculture based with 69% of the population engaged in it.
 Principal Bhabananda Deka was the first Assamese Economist and Research Scholar to initiate formal extensive research on economy of Assam for five centuries right from the time of Srimanta Sankardev.
 His research based book "Asomor Arthaneeti"(Economy of Assam) is acknowledged as the first ever research based Assamese book on Assam Economics.
 The first edition of this historic milestone book was published in 1963.
 Over the years, he authored 115(one hundred fifteen) books encompassing economics, heritage, tribal studies and ancient literature of Assam.
 All the present scholars, teachers and students of economics in Assam read and refer to his books on economics, and follow in the path shown by him till his day of death on 4 December 2006.
 A documentary film "Golden Jubilee of Assam Economics Research & Pioneer Assam Economist-Litterateur" was officially released in 2014 commemorating completion of 50 years of publication of first Assamese book on economy of Assam by the pioneer Assam economist Principal Bhabananda Deka.
