Boulder City Municipal Airport (IATA: KBVU) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Boulder City, in Clark County, Nevada, United States.
 It is owned by Boulder City Municipality.
Castillo o Torre (Castle and Tower) is located in La Torre d'En Besora, "comarca" of Alt Maestrat, Castellón, Valencia, Spain.
 The ruins are classified as a Bien de Interés Cultural landmark, "Monumento por declaración genérica" (12.02.119.001 Code).
 The town of La Torre d'En Besora began as an Arab farmhouse, though archaeological investigations later came to believe that there might have been previous Iberian settlement in the area.
 This settlement was known as "Vinrabino", and it had a defensive tower, as was common at the time.
 After the troops of Jaime I of Aragon reconquered these lands, the settlement was renamed "Tower of Vinrabí", and it was subsequently affiliated with Blasco de Alagón, Guillem de Anglesola, and Ramon de Besora.
 During the time of Besora, he was awarded the Town Charter on January 5, 1274.
 He decided to rebuild, in part, the tower of the old Muslim farmstead, and added an adjoining fortified manor house next to it.
 The village which grew around it became known as "La Torre d'En Besora", Hispanicized as "Torre de Embesora", and it came to mean "Torre del señor Besora" (tower of Mr. Besora).
 Over time, the strategic importance of the castle diminished, which led to its abandonment and ruin.
 Some of its materials were used for the construction of the parish church of St. Bartholomew during the 18th century.
Roosevelt Roads Naval Station is a former United States Navy base in the town of Ceiba, Puerto Rico.
 The site is run today as José Aponte de la Torre Airport, a public use airport.
Jumandy Airport (Spanish: "Aeropuerto Jumandy" ) (IATA: TNW, ICAO: SEJD) is an airport serving Tena, Napo Province, Ecuador.
 It is 3 km west of the village of Ahuano, and about 25 km from Tena.
 It replaces Tena's Mayor Galo de la Torre Airport, which closed in 2001.
The North Group was an intellectual community comprising various writers, artists, philosophers, politicians, and intellectuals from Northern Peru, especially from the La Libertad Region.
 It was founded in 1915 in the city of Trujillo.
 At first known as the "Bohemians of Trujillo," the community adopted the name "the North Group" in 1923.
 Early leaders included journalist Antenor Orrego and poet José Eulogio Garrido.
 Its most prominent members included poet Cesar Vallejo, politician Victor Raul Haya de la Torre, Alcides Spelucín, Macedonio de la Torre, Juan Espejo Asturrizaga, Francisco Xandóval, and Ciro Alegría.
 This group inspired the work of Eduardo González Viaña, one of its modern successors.
José Aponte de la Torre Airport (IATA: NRR, ICAO: TJRV, FAA LID: RVR) is a public use airport owned by Puerto Rico Ports Authority and located 2 NM from the central business district of Ceiba, a town in Puerto Rico.
 It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" airport.
 The airport also offers scheduled passenger service via three commercial airlines to the islands of Vieques and Culebra, Puerto Rico.
Mayor Galo de la Torre Airport (Spanish: "Aeropuerto Mayor Galo de la Torre" ) (IATA: TNW, ICAO: SETE) was an airport serving Tena, Napo Province, Ecuador.
 It closed in 2001 and was replaced by Jumandy Airport, 25 km to the east, in 2011.
José Antonio Aponte, often known as “Black” José Aponte, (died April 9, 1812 in Havana) was a Cuban activist, military officer and carpenter of Yoruba origin who organized one of the largest slave conspiracies in his time, known as the Aponte Conspiracy of 1812.
 He had formally been first corporal in Havana's black militia, and was the leader of his local Yoruba association.
 His objective was to free people of color in Cuba from Spanish tyranny.
 He gained a considerable following amongst black Cubans and was proclaimed by some as a suitable King of Cuba.
 Aponte assumed leadership of the Afro-Cuban religious fraternity, Cabildo de Santa Barnara in around 1810, and they met in his home, plotting to overthrow the Spanish.
The Carolina Police Department or Policia Municipal de Carolina is the main police force for the city of Carolina, Puerto Rico.
 It was created under law #19 of May 12, 1977, known as "Ley de la Policia Municipal" (Municipal Police Law) creating the local police forces in each city of Puerto Rico.
 It was one of the first municipal police forces in Puerto Rico.
 Between late 1980 and late 2009, the department has become one of the fewest municipal police force in Puerto Rico with the largest number of officers, equipment and budget.
 Since former mayor Jose Aponte de la Torre took office from 1988 unit his death in 2005, the police force has equipped with equipment, such as patrols equipped with weapons and cage, criminal information system and tactical bulletproof vests for its officers.
José Ernesto Aponte de la Torre (December 5, 1941 – May 5, 2007) was a Puerto Rican politician and mayor of Carolina, Puerto Rico for 22 years.
