The Stanley Kubrick Archive is held by the University of the Arts London in their Archives and Special Collection Centre at the London College of Communication.
 The Archive opened in October 2007 and contains material collected and owned by the film director Stanley Kubrick (1928–1999).
 It was transferred from his home in 2007 through a gift by his family.
 It contains much of Kubrick's working material that was accumulated during his lifetime.
Dark Side of the Moon is a French mockumentary by director William Karel which originally aired on Arte in 2002 with the title Opération Lune.
 The basic premise for the film is the theory that the television footage from the Apollo 11 Moon landing was faked and recorded in a studio by the CIA with help from director Stanley Kubrick.
 It features some surprising guest appearances, most notably by Donald Rumsfeld, Dr. Henry Kissinger, Alexander Haig, Vernon Walters, Buzz Aldrin and Stanley Kubrick's widow, Christiane Kubrick.
Colour Me Kubrick: A True...ish Story (released in the US as "Color Me Kubrick") is a Franco-British comedy-drama film directed by Brian W. Cook, released in 2005.
 The film stars John Malkovich as Alan Conway, a man who had been impersonating director Stanley Kubrick since the early 1990s.
 The film follows the exploits of Conway as he goes from person to person, convincing them to give out money, liquor and sexual favours for the promise of a part in "Kubrick's" next film.
 The soundtrack, "Colour Me Kubrick: The Original Soundtrack" featured five songs co-written by Bryan Adams.
High School Musical 3: Senior Year is a 2008 American musical film and is the third installment in the "High School Musical" trilogy.
 Produced and released on October 24, 2008, by Walt Disney Pictures, the film is a sequel to Disney Channel Original Movie 2006 television film "High School Musical".
 It was the only film in the series to be released theatrically.
 Kenny Ortega returned as director and choreographer, as did all six primary actors.
S is for Stanley (Italian: "S Is for Stanley - Trent'anni dietro al volante per Stanley Kubrick" ) is a 2016 Italian documentary film co-written and directed by Alex Infascelli.
 It depicts the relationship between celebrated director Stanley Kubrick and his personal chauffeur and assistant, Emilio D'Alessandro.
 It was produced by Kinethica and Lock And Valentine.
 It is based on D'Alessandro's autobiography "Stanley Kubrick and Me".
Michael Jackson's This Is It is a 2009 American documentary–concert film directed by Kenny Ortega that documents Michael Jackson's rehearsals and preparation for his concert series of the same name that was originally scheduled to start on July 13, 2009, but was cancelled due to his death eighteen days prior on June 25.
 The film consists of Jackson rehearsing musical numbers, directing his team, and additional behind-the-scenes footage including dancer auditions and costume design.
 Ortega confirmed that none of the footage was originally intended for release, but after Jackson's death it was agreed that the film be made.
 The footage was filmed in Los Angeles at the Staples Center and The Forum, and features a clip from East Rutherford's Arena where Jackson publicly announced the concert series.
Travis Payne (born July 5, 1971) is an American choreographer, director, and producer.
 He was the choreographer for Michael Jackson's This Is It until Jackson's death.
 Payne also served as the associate producer for "This Is It", and along with the director, Kenny Ortega, was extensively and intimately involved in the making of the film.
 To date, "This Is It" worldwide gross revenue totaled $261.3 million during its theatrical run making it the highest grossing documentary or concert movie of all time.
Josann McGibbon is an American screenwriter working in partnership with Sara Parriott.
 The team's first major success as a screenwriter was the early Brad Pitt film, "The Favor".
 Their biggest hits since then include "Three Men and a Little Lady" and "Runaway Bride".
 In 2007, McGibbon and Parriott co-wrote and produced the hit Debra Messing miniseries, "The Starter Wife".
 "The Starter Wife" received 10 Emmy nominations in 2007, including for best screenwriting, and won one Emmy Award.
 It was also nominated for Golden Globe and Writers Guild awards, and was then produced as a series, also on USA Network.
 McGibbon and Parriott wrote and co-produced the Disney Channel movie, "Descendants" which was directed by Kenny Ortega and premiered in July, 2015.
 On February, 2013, it won the Writers Guild of America Award in television for Outstanding Children's Long Form.
 They then wrote and executive-produced "Descendants 2", also directed by Kenny Ortega, which was simulcast on the Disney Channel, ABC, and the other cable channels owned by Disney-ABC in July, 2017.
Stanley Kubrick is regarded by film critics and historians as one of the most influential directors of all time.
 Leading directors, including Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, James Cameron, Woody Allen, Terry Gilliam, the Coen Brothers, Ridley Scott, Paul Thomas Anderson, Christopher Nolan, David Lynch, and George A. Romero, have cited Kubrick as a source of inspiration, and in the case of Spielberg, collaboration.
 In an interview for the "Eyes Wide Shut" DVD release, Steven Spielberg comments that "nobody could shoot a picture better in history", and that Kubrick told stories in a way "antithetical to the way we are accustomed to receiving stories".
 Writing in the introduction to a recent edition of Michel Ciment's "Kubrick", film director Martin Scorsese notes most of Kubrick's films were misunderstood and under-appreciated when first released, only to be considered masterpieces later on.
Stanley Kubrick's Boxes is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jon Ronson about the film director Stanley Kubrick.
 Ronson's intent was not to create a biography of the filmmaker but rather to understand Kubrick by studying the director's vast personal collection of memorabilia related to his feature films.
 The documentary came about in 1998 when Ronson received a request from Kubrick's estate for a copy of a documentary Ronson made about the Holocaust (Ronson was unaware that it was Kubrick who was asking for the film until months later).
 A year later, as Ronson was making plans to conduct a rare interview with the director, Kubrick suddenly died after completing work on his final film "Eyes Wide Shut".
 To his surprise, Ronson was invited to Kubrick's house by his widow.
 When he arrived, he found that half the house was filled by more than one thousand boxes containing snap shots, newspaper clippings, film out-takes, notes, and fan letters which the director used for research towards each of his films.
