Dmitri Yuryevich Capyrin (born 1960 in Moscow) is a Russian composer of contemporary classical music.
 He graduated from Lviv Conservatory in 1984.
 He lives in Moscow and works as a freelance composer.
 His music "successfully combines a variety [of] techniques, often using literary sources and motifs in his works."
 He won the second prize in the 1994 ICONS competition in Turin and received a scholarship in 1995 from the Berlin Akademie der Künst.
 In 2010 he was the finalist of the YouTube Online Composers Competition.
 His compositions have been performed by "numerous prominent ensembles and soloists, and has also been featured in a variety of concert and festival venues, including the Moscow Autumn (1999), the Paris Presences (1993), Warsaw Autumn (2005) and the Music Biennale Zagreb (1993, 2011)."
 He has become "one of the most prominent composers of the younger generation of Russians."
 His style combines modal scales procedures with new tonal and atonal idioms.
 He prefers polyphonic texture and dense stratification of flexible melodic voices.
 At the same time he widely uses isolated tones and brief solo phrases surrounded with silence which resembles quasi-Webernian pointillism.
 His work list includes pieces of various genres from opera, symphonies and one movement poems for full and chamber orchestras, concertos for harp and oboe with orchestra, pieces for various chamber ensembles, duo and solo works.
 Among the performers of his music there are Yvar Mikhashoff, Claude Delangle, Marc Sieffert, Valery Popov, Moscow Contemporary Music Ensemble, Russian National Orchestra, National Academic Symphonic Band of Ukraine, Kyiv Sinfonietta, Da Capo Chamber Players.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky ( ; Russian: Пётр Ильи́ч Чайко́вский ; 25 April/7 May 1840 – 25 October/6 November 1893), often anglicized as Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky, was a Russian composer of the romantic period, some of whose works are among the most popular music in the classical repertoire.
 He was the first Russian composer whose music made a lasting impression internationally, bolstered by his appearances as a guest conductor in Europe and the United States.
 Tchaikovsky was honored in 1884, by Emperor Alexander III, and awarded a lifetime pension.
A guitar solo is a melodic passage, instrumental section, or entire piece of music written for a classical guitar, electric guitar or an acoustic guitar.
 In 20th and 21st century traditional music and popular music such as blues, swing, jazz, jazz fusion, rock and metal guitar solos often contain virtuoso techniques and varying degrees of improvisation.
 Guitar solos on classical guitar, which are typically written in musical notation, are also used in classical music forms such as chamber music and concertos.
Musical composition can refer to an original piece of music, either a song or an instrumental music piece, the structure of a musical piece, or the process of creating or writing a new song or piece of music.
 People who create new compositions are called composers in classical music.
 In popular music and traditional music, the creators of new songs are usually called songwriters; with songs, the person who writes new words for a song is the lyricist.
 "Composition" is the act or practice of creating a song or other piece of music.
 In many cultures, including Western classical music, the act of composing typically includes the creation of music notation, such as a sheet music "score", which is then performed by the composer or by other instrumental musicians or singers.
 In popular music and traditional music, songwriting may involve the creation of a basic outline of the song, called the lead sheet, which sets out the melody, lyrics and chord progression.
 In classical music, orchestration (choosing the instruments of a large music ensemble such as an orchestra which will play the different parts of music, such as the melody, accompaniment, countermelody, bassline and so on) is typically done by the composer, but in musical theatre and in pop music, songwriters may hire an arranger to do the orchestration.
 In some cases, a pop or traditional songwriter may not use written notation at all, and instead compose the song in her mind and then play, sing and/or record it from memory.
 In jazz and popular music, notable sound recordings by influential performers are given the weight that written or printed scores play in classical music.
Alexander Yuryevich Radvilovich (Russian: Александр Юрьевич Радвилович ; born 1955) is a Russian composer, pianist and teacher from Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg) from which Conservatory he also graduated at which he was under guidance from Sergei Slonimsky.
 In 1992 and 1994 respectively he was the first ever composer of Russian origin to get education at the International New Music in Darmstadt.
 He is known for his symphonies of two of his own poems called "Legend About Violinist" and "Pushkin".
 At one time, after reading Fyodor Dostoyevsky he composed a string quartet called "The Boy at Christ’s New Year Celebration" and also designed a mini opera called "Let’s Write Fairy-tale".
 He also composed an opera called "Hindrance" which was based on Danii Kharms' poem "Ruin of the Gods".
 Currently he is a member of both Russian Composer’s and Saint Petersburg Composer's Unions and works as music pedagogue at the Humanitarian University of the Petersburg Conservatory.
 On occasion, he tours the world as composer, pianist and leader of the Sound Ways which he also founded back in 1989.
 His music is published by various labels in countries such as Russia, the Netherlands and the United States.
Women in music describes the role of women as composers, songwriters, instrumental performers, singers, conductors, music scholars, music educators, music critics/music journalists and other musical professions.
 As well, it describes music movements (e.g., women's music, which is music written and performed by women for women), events and genres related to women, women's issues and feminism.
 In the 2010s, while women comprise a significant proportion of popular music and classical music singers, and a significant proportion of songwriters (many of them being singer-songwriters), there are few women record producers, rock critics and rock instrumentalists.
 Notable women artists in pop, such as Bjork and Lady Gaga have commented about sexism and gender discrimination in the music industry.
 In classical music, although there have been a huge number of women composers from the Medieval period to the present day, women composers are significantly underrepresented in the commonly performed classical music repertoire, music history textbooks and music encyclopedias; for example, in the "Concise Oxford History of Music", Clara Schumann is one of the only female composers who is mentioned.
Grigory Samuilovich Frid also Grigori Fried (Russian: Григо́рий Самуи́лович Фри́д , 22 September 1915 – 22 September 2012) was a Russian composer of music written in many different genres, including chamber opera.
Mikhail Ivanovich Glinka (Russian: Михаи́л Ива́нович Гли́нка ; 1 June [O.S. 20 May] 1804 15 February [O.S. 3 February] 1857 ) was the first Russian composer to gain wide recognition within his own country, and is often regarded as the fountainhead of Russian classical music.
 Glinka's compositions were an important influence on future Russian composers, notably the members of The Five, who took Glinka's lead and produced a distinctive Russian style of music.
American classical music is music written in the United States in the European classical music tradition.
 In many cases, beginning in the 18th century, it has been influenced by American folk music styles; and from the 20th century to the present day it has often been influenced by folk, jazz, blues, Native American, and pop styles.
Montagues and Capulets is a work of classical music written by Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev.
 The piece is the first one in the Suite No. 2 from "Romeo and Juliet", Op. 64ter, which consists of two parts from his 1935 ballet "Romeo and Juliet".
 He wrote versions for both orchestra and piano.
