Pāvels Gumennikovs (born January 1, 1986) is a Latvian film director, actor, writer, and producer.
 He started his film career in China, where he directed his first film "Kaleidoscope" (2010) that won him a best young director and best film award in Chinese Young Film director Festival.
 After that he directed a movie "I love You Riga" that become 3rd highest grossing in a country and was one of the 2 films considered to be nomination for Oscar.
 It was the runner out at the end for Oscar nomination (2011) that become one of the most successful movies in Latvia and were screened in cinemas around the country and participated in European Film Festivals, after that he directed a critique very well received TV show "Yes Boss" (2012), that was proclaimed as best made show in Latvia for great acting and directing.
 It was a revolutionary TV Show for Latvia, as it was first TV Show shoot in outside locations with scale of Hollywood TV Show production.
 The TV Show was shown on Muz-TV channel and TV5 and was seen by 300,000 people online.
The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers (1938- 1966) were an early bluegrass band which included such notable "first generation" bluegrass musicians as Ezra Cline, Bobby Osborne, Paul Williams, Melvin Goins, Charlie Cline, Curly Ray Cline, Larry Richardson and for a short time Jimmy Martin.
 The group was started by Ezra Cline and Curly Ray Cline and was originally named "Cousin Ezra and the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers".
 The Clines came from a large family consisting of musically talented people.
 Ray and Charlie's father, Charlie, was a talented banjo player and the women in the family, Geraldine and Bobbi, were great singers.
 For reasons unknown, Bobbi and Geraldine never joined the band on the road but often joined in at home, especially when notable Country singers, such as Bill Monroe, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, and Hank Williams, came visiting.
 None of them ever had a music lesson yet excelled on every instrument they touched.
 Natives of the Gilbert Creek region of southern West Virginia, Cousin Ezra, along with brothers Ireland (Lazy Ned) and Curly Ray Cline, were part of the original Lonesome Pine Fiddlers from about 1938, a group that worked on radio at WHIS Bluefield, West Virginia.
 During World War II, Ned was killed in action.
 When the Pine Fiddlers resumed regular daily broadcasts, Charlie, who played multiple instruments, joined them on a regular basis.
 Charlie returned to the Fiddlers briefly before becoming a member of Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys.
 During 1952-1955, Charlie worked off and on with Monroe, recording some 38 songs, all on Decca.
 It has been said that he played every instrument at one time or another in the Monroe group except mandolin.
 Charlie spent most of 1953 back with the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers working at WJR radio in Detroit.
 When Ezra brought the band to Pikeville, Kentucky, in November, Charlie rejoined Bill Monroe.
 In 1954, Charlie did a session, playing lead guitar, with the Stanley Brothers and also another one on RCA with the Fiddlers, although he was not otherwise working with them at the time.
 He also worked briefly as a sideman with the Osborne Brothers, although he did not record with them.
 By 1958, Charlie (electric lead guitar) and his wife, Lee (electric bass), had rejoined Ezra and Curly Ray in the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers, who were experimenting with a more modern sound and working a TV show in Huntington, West Virginia, in addition to daily radio in Pikeville.
 In his later years, Charlie was with the Stanley Brothers.
 Curly Ray also played with the Stanley Brothers at a different time as their fiddler.
 Curly Ray was one of the best fiddlers in Bluegrass.
 This most talented family of musicians were the best, surpassed by none.
 Finally, on October 1, 2009, The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers got their due when they were inducted into the International Bluegrass Hall of Fame at the Ryman Theater (the original home of the Grand Ole Opry).
 Bobby Osborne, Melvin Goins and Paul Williams were there to receive the bands award.
 In the crowd of a sold out theater was the son of Ezra Cline, Scotty Ireland Cline, who recalled being in that same theater as a child sitting on stage and watching the Fiddlers play.
 (At the time, the Opry had bleachers for family just off stage).
 The final act of the evening at the IBMA Awards was the playing of "Pain in my Heart" by Osborne, Goins and Williams along with a Song from the Dillards, who were also inducted the same evening.
Saurabh Pandey(born 11 May 1988) is an Indian Television and Bollywood actor.
 His debut TV show as lead was Siddharth Basu's first Fiction TV show Jiya Jale for 9X TV in (2007).
 He later played the role of Shaurya in his second TV show titled "Shaurya aur Suhani" for Star Plus channel.
 He also played the role of protagonist in shows like Tere Mere Sapne, Ganga Kii Dheej and Razia Sultan.
Ashish Sharma is an Indian film and television actor.
 He is recognized for his roles as Lord Ram in the TV show "Siya Ke Ram" , as Major Rudra Pratap Ranawat in the TV show "Rangrasiya" and as "Chandragupta Maurya" in "Chandragupta Maurya TV Show" on NDTV-Imagine TV.
"The Middle" is a primetime American comedy series created by DeAnn Heline and Eileen Heisler for the ABC network.
 "The Middle" stars Patricia Heaton and Neil Flynn as Frankie and Mike Heck, a used-car saleswoman and the manager of a small mining firm respectively, who struggle to raise their children in the fictional middle-class town of Orson, Indiana.
 Their three children include the athletic but underachieving, slow-witted Axl (Charlie McDermott), cluelessly unpopular daughter Sue (Eden Sher), and frustrated, odd child-genius Brick (Atticus Shaffer).
 The Hecks find themselves embroiled in somewhat unusual events as they attempt to navigate their day-to-day lives.
 The series was met with a positive reception from television critics when it premiered on September 30, 2009, with a score of 70 on the aggregated reviews website Metacritic.
 On March 3, 2016, ABC renewed the series for an eighth season.
 On January 25, 2017, ABC renewed the series for a ninth and final season.
Charles Joseph "Charlie" McDermott Jr. (born April 6, 1990) is an American television and film actor, currently best known for his role as Axl Heck on ABC's "The Middle".
Dancing on Ice is a Greek reality TV show.
 The show features celebrities paired with professionals from the world of figure skating.
 The show is based on the British show, "Dancing on Ice".
 The show has a schedule similar to the reality TV show "Dancing with the Stars" with performance shows on Sundays nights.
 Jenny Balatsinou serves as host while Petros Kostopoulos, Elena Paparizou, and Alexis Kostalas serve on the judging panel.
 The show premiered on 6 November 2011.
Shermaine Santiago (born February 15, 1980 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipina actress, TV show host, and singer.
 She appeared in a lot of hit TV shows from GMA Network such as "Best Friends", "Beh Bote Nga", "Te Amo, Maging Sino Ka Man", "Mulawin", "Impostora", "MariMar", "", "Anna KareNina" and "Carmela".
 She was also a co-host in the longest-running late-night variety TV show in the Philippines, "Walang Tulugan with the Master Showman" in which she showcase her talent in singing and hosting.
 Along with German Moreno and John Nite, she was one of the longest-serving hosts of the show.
 Santiago is also currently appearing in the hit TV show, "Mulawin vs. Ravena".
Comedy Gold is a comedy reality TV show, created and produced by Darren Chau.
 The format documented the nationwide search for Australia's next hit TV comedy show.
 The program was filmed at the 2007 SPAA conference on the Gold Coast and premiered on Foxtel’s the Comedy Channel on Australia Day 2008.
 The contestants submitted ideas for a thirteen-part half-hour comedy series to a panel of judges, and the show offered up $25,000 to the winning TV show towards its development.
Saurav Gurjar is an Indian professional wrestler, Sportsperson and actor.
 He is best known for his role as Bheem in the mythological TV show "Mahabharat".
 Recently he has appeared in tv Show Sankatmochan Mahabali Hanuman As a Ravana& Vali (Ramayana) aired on Sony tv.
 after Ramayan, after Mahabharat (2013 TV series) he acted/Anchor in Indonesia tv channel one of the popular tv show The New Eat Bulaga!
 Indonesia
