Kipper (born Mark Eldridge) is a Grammy-winning guitarist, keyboardist and music producer, known mostly from his cooperation with Gary Numan and Sting.
 Kipper had his own band, One Nation.
 After releasing two albums with One Nation he joined the Gary Numan band playing guitar.
 After realizing his own music was going in a similar direction as Kipper's previous work, Numan asked him to co-produce his 1992 LP "Machine and Soul".
 The album was a mix of funk, rock and dance pop featuring guitar playing from Kipper.
 Kipper also contributed to Numan's 1994 album "Sacrifice" although to a much lesser extent.
 Years later, Kipper helped produce and played keyboards on two of Sting's studio albums "Brand New Day" and "Sacred Love".
 Both albums have been critically acclaimed and feature a modern fusion of jazz, rock, and electronic and sounds.
Anatude is the eleventh studio album by Finnish pop singer Antti Tuisku, released on 15 September 2017 through Warner Music Finland.
 In its first week of release, the album debuted at number one on the Finnish Albums Chart, becoming Tuisku's fifth number album.
The Last Command is the second album by heavy metal band W.A.S.P., released in November 9, 1985.
 The album was produced by Spencer Proffer, who was perhaps best known for producing the six-time Platinum selling album "Metal Health" by Quiet Riot in 1983.
 "The Last Command" is the first W.A.S.P. album to feature the work of drummer Steve Riley.
 The album reached No. 47 on the "Billboard" 200 album chart in early 1986 and sold over one million copies, their first album to do so.
 It was also the last album to feature founding member Randy Piper on guitar.
Will Wallner (born 24 January 1987) is an English rock guitarist and songwriter.
 His main influences are Ritchie Blackmore, Gary Moore and John Sykes.
 He began playing guitar at age 16 and received his first "real guitar", a Gibson Les Paul Custom, which he has played his entire career, at the age of 18.
 He began playing guitar by ear, then had taken his first formal guitar lessons from a rock guitar teacher in his home town of Devon, England.
 He is an alumnus of the prestigious Colyton Grammar School and a graduate of the University of Portsmouth with a BSc in Music and Sound Technology and has also studied at the Musicians Institute, in Hollywood.
 Since 2012 he has been a regular contributor to Guitar World magazine with his weekly blog 'Bent Out of Shape'.
 He currently resides in Los Angeles, California and also owns a recording studio in Berlin, Germany.
Jon MacLennan is a Los Angeles-based musician, composer, producer and music educator.
 MacLennan's session work includes playing guitar on Julian Lennon and Steven Tyler’s song, "Someday", from Lennon's album, "Everything Changes" (2013), and backing vocals on Jamie Cullum's album, "The Pursuit" (2009).
 He’s also played guitar on songs for Holly Knight, Mark Spiro and Tim Miner.
 MacLennan’s original song, "Fallin' Deeper", is featured in the Twentieth Century Fox film (2011) soundtrack.
 MacLennan's published works include: three self-produced albums, two instructional music iBooks, "Melodic Expressions: The Art of the Line" (2012), "Play Ukulele" (2012) and hundreds of instructional workshop videos on his YouTube channel with over 1.48 million views.
Blackie Lawless (born Steven Edward Duren; September 4, 1956) is an American songwriter and musician best known as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist (formerly bassist) for the heavy metal band W.A.S.P.
Live...In the Raw is the first live album by W.A.S.P. (fourth album overall), released in 1987.
 This album can be seen as something of a breakwater between the 'old' W.A.S.P. of the first three albums and the more mature sound of the releases that would follow.
 It is also the album to feature "Harder Faster", which is about the PMRC declaring them "sexual perverts".
Blizzard Beasts is the fourth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Immortal.
 It was released on 20 March 1997 through Osmose Productions.
 It is the last Immortal album to feature founding member Demonaz Doom Occulta on guitar, and the first to feature Horgh on drums.
 Demonaz was later diagnosed with acute tendinitis which prevented him from playing guitar at the required speed for Immortal's music.
 Stylistically, "Blizzard Beasts" has primarily songs that are less than three minutes long, contrasting with Immortal's usual longer song lengths.
Friðrik Karlsson is an Icelandic musician and songwriter.
 He studied classical and jazz/rock guitar and had success with the group Mezzoforte in 1983 with the U.K. top 20 hit, "Garden Party".
 He has contributed to the soundtracks of musicals such as Jesus Christ Superstar and Saturday Night Fever and to that of movies such as Evita and Hercules.
 His TV work includes accompanying singers Madonna, José Carreras and Tom Jones.
 Karlsson has also appeared on albums and singles from Boyzone and Cliff Richard, among others.
 Karlsson has moved back home to his native Iceland,after living in London,where he among other jobs worked as a session musician playing guitar in the musical Jesus Christ Superstar.
 He has released numerous new-age and relaxation music albums known as "The Feel Good Collection".
 In 2014, Karlsson also played as session musician for Kate Bush's first live performances in 35 years, playing guitar for 22 dates.
Steven Edward Phillips (born 4 August 1954) is an English former professional footballer who had a long career as a forward for a number of teams in the Football League in the 1970s and 1980s.
 He scored 200 goals from 562 league appearances.
