Abhra Mondal (Bengali: অভ্র মন্ডল ) is an Indian footballer, who is currently playing at Bengaluru FC in Indian Super League.
He plays as a Goalkeeper.
 Abhra Mondal helped East Bengal FC win the Federation Cup in 2009 after three tremendous saves in the penalty shoot-out.
The 2015 Indian Federation Cup Final was a football match between Dempo and Bengaluru FC played on 11 January 2015 at Fatorda Stadium in Margao, Goa.
 The match was the culmination of the 2014–15 Indian Federation Cup.
 This was the 36th edition of the Federation Cup, the national cup tournament of football in India which is administered by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).
 Bengaluru FC won the final by defeating Dempo 2-1 with goals scored by Sunil Chhetri and Robin Singh while the Dempo goal came from a spot kick by Tolgay Ozbey.
 This was the first time Bengaluru FC had won the tournament.
Bengaluru FC Academy is the youth setup of Bengaluru FC.
 The youth team participates in I-League U16 and I-League U18 tournaments.
The 2014–15 season was Bengaluru FC's second season in the I-League since its establishment in 2013.
 This season was the first season that Bengaluru FC competed in Asian competition.
Bengaluru Football Club is an Indian professional football club based in Bengaluru, Karnataka.
 The club competes in the Indian Super League.
 Bengaluru FC began play in 2017 as an expansion team of the league.
 It is the first ever club to have won the I-League in its debut season.
 The team is owned by Mumbai-based company, JSW Group and its managing director is Sajjan Jindal.
 The club's home ground is the 24,000 seater Sree Kanteerava Stadium.
The 2017 Indian Federation Cup Final was a football match between Bengaluru FC and Mohun Bagan A.C. played on 21 May 2017 at Barabati Stadium in Cuttack.
 Bengaluru FC won their second Federation Cup title after having won the first time in 2014–15.
The 2015–16 season was the third season of competitive football played by Bengaluru FC.
 The club won their second I-League title but were knocked out early in the Federation Cup.
 In the AFC Cup, Bengaluru FC made it to the knockout phase where they defeated Kitchee to qualify for the quarter-finals next season.
West Block Blues is the vocal supporters group for Bengaluru FC of the Indian Super League.
 Named after their parking position in the Kanteerava Stadium in Bengaluru, similar to that of Lazio’s Curva Sud.
Gurpreet Singh Sandhu (born 3 February 1992) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Indian club Bengaluru FC.
 Sandhu was named captain of the India national team for the friendly match against Puerto Rico on 3 September, a match India won 4—1.
Bengaluru FC is an Indian professional association football club based in Bengaluru.
 The club was formed in 2013.
