Reginald "Reggie" Alan Hudlin (born December 15, 1961) is a prolific American writer, director, and producer who has worked in both TV and in the movies.
 Along with his older brother, Warrington Hudlin, he is known as one of the Hudlin Brothers.
 From 2005 to 2008, Hudlin was President of Entertainment for Black Entertainment Television (BET).
 Hudlin has written numerous graphic novels.
 He co-produced the 88th Academy Awards ceremony in 2016 as well as other TV specials.
 Hudlin's breakout film was 1990's "House Party."
 Hudlin has worked as a producer, most recently as a producer of Quentin Tarantino's 2012 film, "Django Unchained."
Kaya Thomas (born 1995) is an American computer scientist, app developer and writer.
 She is the creator of "We Read Too", an iOS app that helps readers discover books for and by people of color.
 Thomas is a volunteer mentor with Black Girls Code and a Made with Code role model.
 Widely recognized for her work to improve diversity in the tech industry, she was honored in 2015 by Michelle Obama at BET's Black Girls Rock!
 award show and was named one of Glamour magazine's 2016 College Women of the Year.
Debra L. Lee, Esq. (born August 8, 1955) is an American businesswoman.
 She is currently the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BET, the parent company for Black Entertainment Television.
 She is a mother of two.
 Lee has sat on the board of directors for a number of companies/organizations, including the National Cable & Telecommunications Association the Ad Council, and the National Cable Television Association.
 Debra Lee is named one of the "100 Most Powerful Women in Entertainment" by The Hollywood Reporter due to her many achievements in her 25-plus year career at BET.
Josquin Des Pres (Born Josquin Turenne Des Pres) is a 20th-century French born American composer, bassist, author, producer, songwriter and most known for his contributions to music media books for Hal Leonard Corporation and Mel Bay instructional music books.
 Josquin has written a vast library of compositions and music techniques on bass, music studies and various collections which are used by music teachers, private studies and in schools both nationally and internationally as a standard tool in the music industry.
 Des Pres is also a collaborative writer with English lyricist, poet, and singer Bernie Taupin on several compositions.
 Josquin Des Pres also writes musical scores and music trailers for more than 40 major TV networks and television shows including The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Bachelor (U.S. TV series), American Idol, The Tyra Banks Show, George Lopez (TV series), Anderson Cooper, TMZ on TV, Extra (TV program), American Chopper, Pawn Stars, Deadliest Catch, CNN, NBC, HGTV, TBS (U.S. TV channel), Bravo (U.S. TV network), Food Network, Animal Planet, Discovery Channel, History (U.S. TV channel), Travel Channel, CBS Television Stations, Viacom, VH1, ABC, BET, KPBS (TV), TLC (TV network), and The CW Network.
 His works are also known on MTV Networks Television Series Catfish, The Seven, When I Was Seventeen, MTV Cribs, Pimp My Ride, Teen Mom, True Life and 10 on Top.
Brian Zembic, nicknamed the Wiz, born 1961 (age 55–56) , is a magician and high-stakes gambler specializing in blackjack and backgammon.
 In the late 90s he became famed as a man who would do anything to win a bet.
 His most famous wager was in 1996 when he agreed to receive breast implants and keep them for one year in return for US$100,000 (US$ in 2017).
 The year passed and he won the bet but he became accustomed to the breasts and did not have them removed.
Nathan Scherrer, born 1988 in Northport, Michigan, is an American music video and commercial executive producer and creative producer who has been nominated for several Grammy Awards, including Pharrell William's Freedom and Dead Weather's I Feel Love, and in 2016 won the Grammy for Best Music Video for Beyonce’s Formation video which was directed by Melina Matsoukas.
 The video also won the Cannes Gran Prix Best Music Video award and the best music video of year award at the BET Awards.
 It also won the video of year at the VMAs in 2017.
 He was also among several producers who were nominated for Beyonces music film, Lemonade, which won the best long form music video award at the 2017 VMAs.
Deon Cole (born January 9, 1972) is an American actor, comedian, and comedy writer.
 Originally based out of Chicago, he is best known as a member of the writing staff of "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" (2009–2010) and subsequently "Conan" (2010–present) and also for being a cast member on the sitcom "Angie Tribeca" (2016–present).
 He has appeared frequently in comedic bits for both broadcasts and has, along with the rest of the staff, received two Primetime Emmy nominations.
 He first got into comedy when a friend bet him $50 that he would not get up on stage one night in Chicago.
Robert Munic (born July 25, 1968) is an American producer, writer, director and occasional actor.
 He is a director and the writer/Co-Executive Producer of the television series "Empire", a hit television series for FOX that has won several top honors from the NAACP, BET, the Golden Globes and Fox Television’s Teen Choice Awards.
Tavis Smiley ( ; born September 13, 1964) is an American talk show host and author.
 Smiley was born in Gulfport, Mississippi, and grew up in Bunker Hill, Indiana.
 After attending Indiana University, he worked during the late 1980s as an aide to Tom Bradley, the mayor of Los Angeles.
 Smiley became a radio commentator in 1991 and, starting in 1996, he hosted the talk show "BET Talk" (later renamed "BET Tonight") on Black Entertainment Television (BET).
 After Smiley sold an exclusive interview of Sara Jane Olson to ABC News in 2001, BET declined to renew his contract that year.
 Smiley then began hosting "The Tavis Smiley Show" on National Public Radio (NPR) (2002–04) and currently hosts "Tavis Smiley" on the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) on weekdays and "The Tavis Smiley Show" on Public Radio International (PRI).
 From 2010 to 2013, Smiley and Cornel West joined forces to host their own radio talk show, "Smiley & West".
 They were featured together interviewing musician Bill Withers in the 2009 documentary film "Still Bill".
 He is the new host of "Tavis Talks" on BlogTalkRadio's Tavis Smiley Network.
Clement Virgo (born June 1, 1966) is a Canadian film and television writer, producer and director who runs the production company, Conquering Lion Pictures, with producer Damon D'Oliveira.
 Virgo is best known for co-writing and directing an adaptation of the novel by Canadian writer Lawrence Hill, "The Book of Negroes" (2015), a six-part miniseries that aired on CBC Television in Canada and BET in the United States.
