Disney's American Legends is a 2002 direct-to-video animated anthology film hosted by James Earl Jones.
 It is a compilation of previously released animated musical shorts from Walt Disney Animation Studios based on American tall tales.
 The film features "The Brave Engineer" (1950), "Paul Bunyan" (1958), John Henry (2000), and "The Legend of Johnny Appleseed" which is a segment from the 1948 film "Melody Time".
The Big Bad Fox and Other Tales... (French: Le grand méchant renard et autres contes... ) is a 2017 French animated anthology film directed by Benjamin Renner and Patrick Imbert, adapted from Renner's own books "Le grand méchant renard" and "Un bébé à livrer".
 Originally conceived as half-hour TV specials, all three segments of the film are linked together by a frame narrative.
 The film premiered at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival on June 15, 2017, and was later released by StudioCanal in France on June 21.
The Real Story of Happy Birthday to You is a Canadian children's animated short film directed by Gerald Potterton as part of "The Real Story of..." / "Favorite Songs" animated anthology series.
 The short was produced by Cinar and France Animation in association with Crayon Animation and Western Publishing and was released in January 1992 in the United States.
 It also features the voices of Edward Asner and Roger Daltrey.
John Cale: Inside the Dream Syndicate Volume 3, Stainless Gamelan or simply Stainless Gamelan (and sometimes incorrectly "Stainless "Steel" Gamelan", after the first track on the album) is an album by John Cale, better known for his work as the violist and founding member of the Velvet Underground.
 It is the fourth and final album in a loose anthology released by the independent label Table of the Elements.
 It follows "Sun Blindness Music", "Day Of Niagara" and "Dream Interpretation".
Paul McCartney: Music & Animation is an animated anthology film compiling three animated short films produced by Paul McCartney.
 It was released by Miramax Films on DVD.
 The film includes "Rupert & the Frog Song", "Tuesday" and "Tropic Island Hum".
 Paul McCartney wrote or composed music for each short.
Snoopy's Reunion is the 34th prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip "Peanuts," by Charles M. Schulz.
 It originally aired on the CBS network on May 1, 1991 as part of the short-lived animated anthology series "Toon Nite".
 It is the only "Peanuts" TV special to date (and the only animation other than "Snoopy, Come Home") not to have "Charlie Brown" in the title (though the working title was "Those Were the Days, Charlie Brown"), it's also one of the few "Peanuts" specials to feature adults on-screen.
The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends is a British animated anthology television series based on the works of Beatrix Potter, featuring Peter Rabbit and other anthropomorphic animal characters created by Potter.
 It was originally shown in the U.K. on the BBC between 1992 and 1995 and subsequently broadcast in the U.S. on Family Channel from 1993-1995 and ABC in Australia (29 September 1997 - 13 April 2009) (with some of the characters' voices dubbed by actors with more American-like accents).
 The series has also been released on VHS by Carlton Home Entertainment in 1997 and again in 1999 and DVD in 2003, on DVD by BBC Home Media in 2006 and by Abbey Home Media in 2016.
The Moxy Show (also known as The Moxy Pirate Show and The Moxy & Flea Show), is an American animated anthology television series produced by Turner Production for Cartoon Network.
 The show ran on December 5, 1993, originally as "The Moxy Pirate Show", and consisted of classic cartoons divided by 3-D animated interstitials featuring Moxy and Flea, respectively a dog and a flea.
 The show ran on Cartoon Network from December 5, 1993 to April 1, 2000 including reruns apparently, but the last ever episode was made in 1995, that being the sole episode for "The Moxy & Flea Show".
 It is considered the first original series on Cartoon Network, but "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" was Cartoon Network's first fully produced series.
Semiotext(e) SF is a science fiction anthology released in 1989 and edited by Rudy Rucker, Peter Lamborn Wilson and Robert Anton Wilson.
 It includes short stories and other works by the likes of J. G. Ballard, William S. Burroughs, Kerry Thornley, William Gibson, Bruce Sterling, and others.
The Road Runner Show was an animated anthology series which compiled theatrical Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner cartoons from the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies", which were produced by Warner Bros.
 Cartoons between 1948 and 1966.
 Several of the shorts, especially the ones produced from 1965 onward, were produced by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises after Warner Bros. closed their animation studio.
 "The Road Runner Show" also ran for two seasons on CBS (1966–68), and then on ABC for two seasons (1971–73) and Toon Disney (1998–99).
Each show would feature one Road Runner/Coyote cartoon, with a Tweety and Sylvester cartoon in the middle segment, and other WB animated character(s) in the third segment (usually Elmer Fudd, Foghorn Leghorn Speedy Gonzales, Pepe Le Pew and Hippety Hopper).
