The Africa Movie Academy Award for Best Soundtrack is an annual merit by the Africa Film Academy to reward the best use of music in a film for the year.
 It was introduced in the 1st edition as "Best Musical Score".
 In the 3rd, 5th and 6th edition it was renamed to "Best Original Soundtrack".
 It was known as "Best Music" in the 4th edition.
 In the 7th edition it was called "Best Soundtrack".
 Since the 8th edition it has been called "Achievement in Soundtrack".
The Empire Award for Best Soundtrack was an Empire Award presented annually by the British film magazine "Empire" to honor the best film soundtrack of the previous year.
 The Empire Award for Best Soundtrack was first introduced at the 13th Empire Awards ceremony in 2008 with the soundtrack from "Control" receiving the award and last presented at the 14th Empire Awards ceremony in 2009 with the soundtrack from "Mamma Mia!
" receiving the award.
 Winners were voted by the readers of "Empire" magazine.
Tarzan: An Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 1999 Disney animated film, "Tarzan".
 The songs on the soundtrack were composed by Phil Collins, and the instrumental score by Mark Mancina.
 The song "You'll Be in My Heart" won both the Academy Award for Best Original Song and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, while the soundtrack album won a Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album.
 For his contribution to the soundtrack, Collins received an American Music Award for Favorite Adult Contemporary Artist.
Robert Glasper (born April 6, 1978, in Houston, Texas) is an American pianist and record producer.
 He has been nominated for 6 Grammys, has won 3 Grammy Awards and is currently nominated for an Emmy Award.
 His 2012 album "Black Radio" won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album at the 55th Grammy Awards.
 His 2014 album "Black Radio 2" won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Performance at the 56th Grammy Awards.
 The song "These Walls" from Kendrick Lamar's album "To Pimp A Butterfly" won Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 57th Grammy Awards, on which Glasper plays keys.
 The soundtrack for the film "Miles Ahead" won Best Soundtrack Compilation at the 58th Grammy Awards, for which Glasper was a producer.
 The song "Letter To The Free", written with Common, is nominated for an Emmy Award for Best Original Song in the Ava Duvernay documentary film "13th" (Netflix) at the 2017 Emmys.
The following is a list of Radio Disney Music Award winners and nominees for Best Soundtrack Song (also known as Best TV Movie Song, Best Song From a Movie and Favorite Song from a Movie or TV Show).
Save the Last Dance is the soundtrack to the romantic drama film, "Save the Last Dance".
 It was released on December 19, 2000 through Hollywood Records and consisted of hip hop and R&B music.
 The soundtrack was a huge success, and made it to several Billboard charts.
 It peaked at 3 on the "Billboard" 200, 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, 6 on the Top Soundtracks, 3 on the Top Internet Albums and 2 on the Canadian Albums Chart, and featured two charting singles "Crazy" and "You".
 "Save the Last Dance" went both gold and platinum on January 29, 2001 and was certified 2x multi-platinum on May 20, 2002.
 The Soundtrack won the American Music Award for best Soundtrack in 2002.
Manhattan is the original motion picture soundtrack to Woody Allen's 1979 American romantic comedy-drama film, "Manhattan", composed by George Gershwin.
 It was performed by the New York Philharmonic under Zubin Mehta and the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra under Michael Tilson Thomas.
 The soundtrack works supremely well with the film and is equally effective without the film.
 Sony BMG Music Entertainment released the soundtrack in 1979.
 It was nominated for Best Soundtrack in the 33rd British Academy Film Awards.
The 14th Empire Awards ceremony (officially known as the Jameson Empire Awards), presented by the British film magazine "Empire", honored the best films of 2008 and took place on 29 March 2009 at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London, England.
 During the ceremony, "Empire" presented Empire Awards in 12 categories as well as four honorary awards.
 To celebrate the 20th year anniversary of "Empire" magazine a special honorary award was presented, the Actor of our Lifetime and to mark the loss of Heath Ledger, he was awarded the special honorary Heath Ledger Tribute Award.
 The Sony Ericsson Soundtrack Award was renamed to "Best Soundtrack" and the Best Sci-Fi/Fantasy award was renamed this year only to "Best Sci-Fi/Superhero".
 The Best Newcomer and Best Soundtrack awards were presented for the last time.
 Irish comedian Dara Ó Briain hosted the show for the first time.
 The awards were sponsored by Jameson Irish Whiskey for the first time.
Guilt (Greek: "Ενοχή" 2009) is a feature Greek - Cypriot film, directed by the Greek director - writer and producer Vassilis Mazomenos.
 It was awarded in 2012 with the Best Screenwriting and Best Photography award in London Greek Film Festival (U.K.) and was official selection in Montreal World Film Festival, Cairo International Film Festival, International Film Festival of India, Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival, Fantasporto and opening film in the Panorama of European Cinema in Athens.
 In 2010 was Nominated for the best film from the Hellenic Film Academy.
 In 2010 the film received the Best Soundtrack (George Andreou) for Greek movies of the year.
 As Vrasidas Karalis wrote in the History of Greek cinema: "His later films Remembrance (2002) Words and Sins (2004) and Guilt (2010) received many positive reviews and international recognition; especially the last in which Mazomenos explored narrative cinema through a nightmarish and confronting story."
Leon "Roccstar" Youngblood Jr. (born October 31, 1989) is a Grammy-nominated American music producer, songwriter, recording artist and rapper.
 Youngblood has written and produced songs for artists such as Chris Brown, Rihanna, Usher, Rita Ora, Fergie, Prince Royce, Kendrick Lamar, J.Lo, Iggy Azalea, and Melissa Etheridge.
 He wrote and produced a number of tracks on Chris Brown's album X, which was nominated for Best Urban Contemporary Album Grammy Award in 2014.
 The , which featured Youngblood's song "Rude," was also nominated for a Grammy for best soundtrack in December 2015.
