The Federal Correctional Complex, Victorville (FCC Victorville) is a United States federal prison complex located in the Victor Valley of the Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, southern California.
 It is on part of the former George Air Force Base (1941−1992) near Victorville, approximately 85 mi northeast of Downtown Los Angeles.
 Abby Lee Miller is currently serving time there.
Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) is an American oil company with operations in the United States, Indonesia, the North Sea, and the South China Sea.
 It has more than 1,300 gas stations in the western part of the United States.
 ARCO was formed by the merger of East Coast–based Atlantic Refining and California-based Richfield Oil Corporation in 1966.
 A merger in 1969 brought in Sinclair Oil Corporation.
 It became a subsidiary of UK-based BP plc in 2000 through its BP West Coast Products LLC (BPWCP) affiliate.
 On August 13, 2012, it was announced that Tesoro would purchase ARCO and its refinery for $2.5 billion.
 However, the deal came under fire due to increasing fuel prices.
 Many activists urged state and federal regulators to block the sale due to concerns that it would reduce competition and could lead to higher fuel prices at ARCO stations (ARCO stations make up more than half of all stations with the lowest fuel prices in California).
 On June 3, 2013, BP sold ARCO and the Carson Refinery to Tesoro for $2.5 billion.
 BP sold its Southern California terminals (Vinvale, Colton, San Diego, Hathaway, and Hynes) to Tesoro Logistics LP, including the Carson Storage Facility.
 BP will continue to own the ampm brand and sell it to Tesoro for Southern California, Arizona, and Nevada.
 BP exclusively licensed the ARCO rights from Tesoro for Northern California, Oregon, and Washington.
Path 61 or the Lugo - Victorville 500 kV Line is a relatively short AC 500 kV power line that runs from Southern California Edison's (SCE) Lugo substation southwest of Hesperia to Los Angeles Department of Water and Power's (LADW&P) Victorville substation north of Victorville, California.
 The line is an important connection between two out of the four parts that make up the massive Path 46 transmission system in southeast California since the line allows power flow to be rerouted on Path 46 when necessary.
 Half of the length of the 500 kV power line is owned by SCE to the south and LADW&P to the north.
 The entire line is located in the Mojave Desert and the High Desert regions of California.
George Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force base located within the city limits, 8 miles northwest, of central Victorville, California, about 75 miles northeast of Los Angeles, California.
The third driverless car competition of the DARPA Grand Challenge, was commonly known as the DARPA Urban Challenge.
 It took place on November 3, 2007 at the site of the now-closed George Air Force Base (currently used as Southern California Logistics Airport), in Victorville, California (Google map), in the West of the United States.
 Discovery's Science channel followed a few of the teams and covered the Urban Challenge in its Robocars series.
Canoas Creek formerly known as Arroyo de Las Canoas (Creek of the Troughs) is a creek in Fresno County, California.
 Its source is on the north slope of Black Mountain, 1.25 miles west of Zwang Peak in the Diablo Range.
 Its course in its canyon, runs almost directly northeast through Reef Ridge and the Kreyenhagen Hills, from which it flows north northeast into the Kettleman Plain where it turns north northwest 4.6 miles northwest of Avenal near the Kettleman Hills to terminate in the Kettleman Plain, 7.1 miles northwest of Avenal and 3000 feet east of Zapato Chino Creek.
The Rincon Oil Field is a large oil field on the coast of southern California, about ten miles northwest of the city of Ventura, and about 20 miles east-southeast of the city of Santa Barbara.
 It is the westernmost onshore field in a series of three fields which follow the Ventura Anticline, an east-west trending feature paralleling the Transverse Ranges.
 Discovered in 1927, the oil field is ranked 36th in California by size of recoverable oil reserves, and while mostly depleted – now having, by California Department of Conservation estimates, only about 2.5% of its original oil – it remains productive, with 77 wells active at the beginning of 2008.
 Oil produced in the field flows through the M-143 pipeline, which parallels U.S. Highway 101 southeast to the Ventura Pump Station, at which point it joins a Tosco pipeline which carries it to Los Angeles area refineries.
 As of 2009, the primary operators of the field were Occidental Petroleum for the onshore portion, and Greka Energy for the offshore portion.
 The offshore part of the field is operated mainly from Rincon Island.
Southern California Logistics Airport (IATA: VCV, ICAO: KVCV) , also known as Victorville Airport, is a public airport located in the city of Victorville in San Bernardino County, California, approximately 20 mi north of San Bernardino.
 Prior to its civil usage, the facility was George Air Force Base, from 1941 to 1992 a United States Air Force flight training facility.
Thursford is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
 The village is 16.3 miles southwest of Cromer, 24.5 miles northwest of Norwich and 121 miles north-east of London.
 The village lies 6.9 miles northwest of the nearby town of Fakenham.
 The nearest railway station is at Sheringham for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich.
 The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport.
 The village once had its own Thursford railway station which is now closed.
 It is a proposed stop on the Norfolk Orbital Railway.
The North Fire was a wildfire that occurred in the Mojave Desert near the towns of Victorville and Hesperia, north of San Bernardino and south of Bakersfield, California.
 The fire began on July 17, 2015.
 The areas most impacted were adjacent to Interstate 15, where the Cajon Pass passes through the San Bernardino National Forest.
 The fire spread to 4,250 acres, and burned homes and other buildings, as well as numerous vehicles stranded on the interstate.
 Seventy-four passenger vehicles and trucks were burned along the highway or in neighboring communities due to the fire.
 The fire closed Interstate 15, the main highway connecting Southern California with Las Vegas, Nevada, during the first day of the blaze.
