Electron cryo-tomography (ECT, also called cryo-electron tomography, cryo-ET or CET) is an imaging technique used to produce high-resolution (~4 nm) three-dimensional views of samples, typically biological macromolecules and cells.
 ECT is a specialized application of transmission electron microscopy (TEM) in which samples are imaged as they are tilted, resulting in a series of 2D images that can be combined to produce a 3D reconstruction, similar to a CT scan of the human body.
 In contrast to other electron tomography techniques, samples are immobilized in non-crystalline (“vitreous”) ice and imaged under cryogenic conditions (< −150 °C), allowing them to be imaged without dehydration or chemical fixation, which could otherwise disrupt or distort biological structures.
Multiple basing points is a method of regional pricing in milk marketing orders that would allow more than one basing point, or surplus area, to be used.
 Surplus areas are administratively defined as areas with low Class I utilization, meaning that a relatively small percentage of the milk produced in an area is used in that area as Class I (fluid) milk.
 In a multiple basing point system, the order used as the basing point has the smallest Class I differential (the difference between the Class I price and the Class III price).
 The Class I differential for other orders is then based on transportation costs to the nearest basing point plus the minimum differential.
 Pricing now largely reflects the Upper Midwest as the only basing point, even though the northeast and southwest are surplus areas.
Ortiz Gaming is a multinational company specializing in Class II and Class III video bingo slot machines.
The Seminole Casino Immokalee is a Class III tribal gaming casino in the town of Immokalee, Florida, United States, 35 miles from Naples.
 The Seminole Casino is owned and operated by the Seminole Tribe of Florida.
 Originally opened in February 1994, and recently expanded the property in February 2009; the Seminole Casino offers Vegas Style Slot machines, Poker and a variety of table games including Baccarat, Blackjack, and three card poker.
Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), formerly known as electroshock therapy, and often referred to as shock treatment, is a psychiatric treatment in which seizures are electrically induced in patients to provide relief from mental disorders.
 The ECT procedure was first conducted in 1938 and is the only currently used form of shock therapy in psychiatry.
 ECT is often used with informed consent as a last line of intervention for major depressive disorder, mania, and catatonia.
 ECT machines have been placed in the Class III category (high risk) by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) since 1976.
RT Rail was a small British railway spot-hire company, a subsidiary of Ealing Community Transport (ECT), that specialised in Class 08 shunting locomotives.
 It was sold in 2008 to British American Railway Services along with ECT's other rail assets.
 It is now part of the locomotive hire division of their subsidiary company, RMS Locotec Ltd.
 Its fleet was available to hire to both industrial and railway operators.
 Customers included Bombardier Transportation at Ilford Works, Freightliner, First ScotRail at Inverness, and Silverlink.
 The company also owned two Class 73 locomotives, and a single Class 20 locomotive which was placed on loan to the Weardale Railway.
Tedisamil (3,7-dicyclopropylmethyl-9,9-tetramethylene-3,7-diazabicyclo-3,3,1-nonane) is an experimental class III antiarrhythmic agent currently being investigated for the treatment of atrial fibrillation.
 Tedisamil blocks multiple types of potassium channels in the heart resulting in slowed heart rate.
 While the effects of tedisamil have been demonstrated in both atrial and ventricular muscle, repolarization is prolonged more efficiently in the atria.
 Tedisamil is administered intravenously and has a half-life of approximately 8 –13 hours in circulation.
 Tedisamil is being developed as an alternative to other antiarrhythmics as incidence of additional arrhythmic events is lower compared to other class III agents.
 Tedisamil also has significant anti-ischemic properties and was initially investigated as a potential treatment for angina until its antiarrhythmic effects were discovered.
Ibutilide is a Class III antiarrhythmic agent that is indicated for acute cardioconversion of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter of a recent onset to sinus rhythm.
 It exerts its antiarrhythmic effect by induction of slow inward sodium current, which prolongs action potential and refractory period (physiology) of myocardial cells.
 Because of its Class III antiarrhythmic activity, there should not be concomitant administration of Class Ia and Class III agents.
Lopen Karma Phuntsho (born 1968?)
 was born in Ura gewog in the Bumthang district of central Bhutan.
 He was born as the third child of Tothchukpo House to his mother who is a scion of Gaden Lam family which traces its origin to Phajo Drukgom Zhigpo, the priest who brought Drukpa Kagyu tradition of Tibetan Buddhism to western Bhutan.
 Karma learnt basic Chokey alphabets and prayers from his father, who is an incarnate priest and farmer from the Tsakaling Choje family, a religious nobility which claims descent from Bhutan's foremost spiritual saint Pema Lingpa and Tarshong Chukpo house of Ura.
 He attended Ura Primary School until Class III.
 Because the school did not have Class IV and he was too small to travel, his parents begged the headmaster to keep him in Ura and repeat.
 The following year, he travelled to Jakar School with a few friends.
 The headmaster at the new school mistakenly put Karma again in Class III.
 Karma today humorously claims that he is perhaps the only person who studied in Class III for three years and received first prizes thrice.
 Karma spent most of his school winter breaks helping the family cow herder in the neighbouring district of Lhuntse.
The Twin Rivers Corrections Center opened in 1984 and is part of the Monroe Correctional Complex facility in Monroe, Washington.
 Currently, it is the largest prison in all of Washington State.
 It is now referred to as Twin Rivers Unit (TRU).
 It currently employs 1200 people.
 Monroe Correctional Complex is a Close, Medium, and Minimum security facility, which houses approximately 2800 inmates in five wings, typically two to a cell.
 Some inmates with special needs are housed in individual cells.
 Inmates are generally required to participate in some kind of program, whether it is educational, treatment, or Class III industries.
 Such programs may include earning a General Educational Development (GED) certificate, or sexual offender or chemical dependency treatment.
 Class III industries include janitorial, clerical or kitchen work, for example.
