Jeff Povey is an English author, screenwriter and director.
 Povey has written episodes of the television series "Casualty", "Holby City", "EastEnders", "Silent Witness", "Kingdom" and Midsomer Murders.
 He wrote and directed a short film, "Blowing It", which was shortlisted for the Orange FilmFour Prize for Short Film in 2002.
 In 2006 his first novel, "The Serial Killers Club", was published.
 In 2014 his second novel (part of a trilogy) "SHIFT", was published.
 The second book in the trilogy was published on 23 April 2015, titled "DELETE".
Fatal Games (originally known as The Killing Touch and also released as Olympic Nightmare) is a 1984 American slasher film written and directed by Michael Elliott and starring Sally Kirkland, Lynn Banashek, Sean Masterson, Michael O'Leary, Teal Roberts, and Spice Williams-Crosby.
 The plot consists of a mad slasher wielding a javelin killing off various members of a high school gymnastics team.
 The film shares many of its plot points with an earlier slasher film, "Graduation Day".
Patrick Wayne Kearney (born September 24, 1939) is an American serial killer who preyed on young men in California during the 1970s.
 He is sometimes referred to as "The Freeway Killer", a nickname he shares with two other – separate – serial killers, William Bonin and Randy Steven Kraft.
 Kearney may be among the most prolific serial killers in United States history, claiming possibly as many as 43 victims according to law enforcement.
Maniac (stylized as MANIAC) is an American short slasher film, directed by Shia LaBeouf.
 It was released on October 31, 2011.
 The short film stars American rappers Scott "Kid Cudi" Mecudi and Chris "Cage" Palko, as French-speaking serial killers. Mescudi and Palko also co-wrote the film with LaBeouf.
Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer is a 1986 American psychological horror crime film directed and co-written by John McNaughton about the random crime spree of a serial killer who seemingly operates with impunity.
 It stars Michael Rooker as the nomadic killer Henry, Tom Towles as Otis, a prison buddy with whom Henry is living, and Tracy Arnold as Becky, Otis's sister.
 The characters of Henry and Otis are loosely based on real life serial killers Henry Lee Lucas and Ottis Toole.
Serial Killers is a musical group composed of B-Real, Xzibit, and Demrick.
 The group was formed in 2013 and released their first album on October 31 of the same year.
 In 2013 Serial Killers teamed up with music video director Matt Alonzo to create a video for their first single, "The First 48".
Harvey Miguel Robinson (born December 6, 1974) is an American serial killer who is a prisoner on death row in Pennsylvania.
 He is one of the youngest serial killers in American history.
 He was 18 years old when he was apprehended for his crimes.
 He is also the first serial killer in the history of Allentown, Pennsylvania.
Robert Charles Browne (born October 31, 1952) is an American man convicted of two murders and serving a double-life sentence in the Florida State Prison.
 Browne is also self-professed serial killer, alleging that he killed 48 people, mostly women and one in South Vietnam during his time in the US Military.
 Though many claims made by Browne remain uncorroborated, if accurate his account would make him one of the most prolific serial killers in American history.
Double Dexter is the sixth novel written by Jeff Lindsay, and the sixth book in the 'Dexter Morgan' book series about a serial killer who targets serial killers.
 The book was released on October 18, 2011. "
The Telegraph" said of the book, "Hilariously gruesome finale...All this ought to be gross nonsense but Jeff Lindsay’s cynical wit makes it fly".
 The "Orlando Sentinel" called it the best book of the series yet, saying the book "takes a tremendous leap forward as the author utilizes believable storytelling and large doses of dark humor" and "strongest outing as he richly delves into Dexter's very scarred psyche".
Wire in the Blood is a British crime drama television series, created and produced by Coastal Productions for Tyne Tees Television and broadcast on the ITV network from 14 November 2002 to 31 October 2008.
 The series is based on characters created by Val McDermid, including a university clinical psychologist, Dr Anthony "Tony" Valentine Hill (Robson Green), who is able to tap into his own dark side to get inside the heads of serial killers.
 Working with detectives, Hill takes on tough and seemingly impenetrable cases in an attempt to track down the killers before they strike again.
