Carroll Nathaniel Jones III (July 2, 1944 - June 22, 2017) was an artist in the style of American realism.
 Carroll grew up in New Providence, New Jersey where his father, an illustrator for Life (magazine), was his first art teacher.
 He taught Carroll techniques of the Old Masters, who emphasized light, perspective, and composition.
 Carroll went to school in New York City (NYC) and enrolled in the Phoenix School of Design at age 17.
 He later attended Hartford Art School and became a commissioned portraitist for 10 years.
 His work, "Church Window" was recognized in the New York Times, and he moved away from portraits to recreate scenes that sparked memories of his childhood.
 He was most influenced by Andrew Wyeth and Edward Hopper.
 The Coe-Kerr Gallery of NYC and Whistler's Daughter Gallery of New Jersey represented him, as well as contemporaries Wyeth and Hopper.
 Malcolm Forbes, Frederick R. Koch, Stephen Sondheim, William Schuman, and Jean Shepherd held private collections of his work.
 He exhibited at Newark Museum and Trenton Art Museum in New Jersey, and in universities, galleries and museums in seven states by his mid-thirties.
 His work is part of the permanent collections of Seton Hall University and Newark Museum.
 Art critic Marion Filler considered his work Magic realism, a quiet movement made popular in America beginning in the 1920s by Hopper, and related to Surrealism.
Eric Stark Maskin (born December 12, 1950) is an American economist and 2007 Nobel laureate recognized with Leonid Hurwicz and Roger Myerson "for having laid the foundations of mechanism design theory".
 He is the Adams University Professor at Harvard University.
 Until 2011, he was the Albert O. Hirschman Professor of Social Science at the Institute for Advanced Study, and a visiting lecturer with the rank of professor at Princeton University.
Rich McNanna (born 1977 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American actor.
 He attended Seton Hall University in South Orange, New Jersey from 1995-2000 and is best known for his work in several anime productions, most notably portraying Shuichi Shindo in the " Gravitation" series, Hiroyuki Fujita in the "To Heart" series, Jack Walker in the feature "Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea", and Tonio in "".
 He has also appeared several times in non-recurring roles in the "Pokémon" television series on Cartoon Network, and is a regular on several series for Everest Productions on the Turkish American Ebru Television.
 McNanna is an eight grade teacher in New Jersey.
Thomas Edison State University, formerly Thomas Edison State College, is a public institution of higher education located in Trenton, New Jersey.
 One of New Jersey's 11 public universities and colleges, Thomas Edison State University offers degrees at the undergraduate and graduate level.
 Thomas Edison State College was approved by the New Jersey Board of Education in December 1971, and established on July 1, 1972.
 The school was named in honor of Thomas Alva Edison, the inventor who lived in New Jersey for the bulk of his adult life and gained encyclopedic knowledge of many subject areas through self-directed learning.
 In 2015, Thomas Edison State University was awarded university status upon the approval of the state college Presidents' Council and Secretary of Higher Education Rochelle Hendricks.
 The school's Board of Trustees approved a resolution authorizing the change in December 2015.
Dave White (born 1979) is a Derringer Award-winning mystery author and educator.
 White, an eighth grade teacher for the Clifton, NJ Public School district, has written two novels featuring former New Brunswick, New Jersey police detective turned private investigator Jackson Donne.
 The novels take place in locations around northern New Jersey.
 White grew up in Clifton, New Jersey.
 He attended Rutgers University and received his MAT from Montclair State University
Midland School, located in North Branch (in Branchburg Township, New Jersey), in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States, is a non-profit special education school serving the individual social, emotional, academic and career needs of children with developmental disabilities.
 The school serves 245 students, ranging in age from 5 to 21 years old, from central and northern New Jersey.
 With 245 students and 36.9 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), the school has a student–teacher ratio of 6.6.
William Paterson University, officially William Paterson University of New Jersey (William Paterson University of NJ)(The William Paterson University of New Jersey) (William Paterson College of New Jersey) (WPUNJ), is an American public university located in Wayne, New Jersey, United States.
 Founded in 1855, William Paterson is the second oldest of the nine state colleges and universities in New Jersey.
 William Paterson offers undergraduate, graduate and doctoral degrees through its five academic colleges.
 During the fall 2016 semester, 9,103 undergraduate students and 1,480 graduate students were enrolled.
Hackensack University Medical Center (HackensackUMC) is a 900-bed non-profit, research and teaching hospital located seven miles (11 km) west of New York City, in Hackensack, Bergen County, New Jersey, providing tertiary and healthcare needs for northern New Jersey and the New York metropolitan area.
 HUMC is New Jersey's largest provider of inpatient and outpatient services and is the fourth largest hospital in the nation based on admissions.
 HUMC is affiliated with the New Jersey Medical School of Rutgers University.
Troy Stark (January 2, 1973 – June 1, 2001) was an American football offensive lineman.
 He was signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 1996.
 He was traded to the New York Jets during training camp and was released during training camp in 1997.
 He also played for the New York/New Jersey Hitmen of the XFL in 2001.
 He played in college at the University of Georgia.
 Stark died on June 1, 2001, due to complications from a blood clot following knee surgery.
 The blood clot was thought to have jarred loose during intense physical therapy and it then travelled to his lungs.
Cooper Medical School of Rowan University (CMSRU) is a public medical school located in Camden, New Jersey.
 It was created as a partnership between Rowan University and Cooper University Hospital in 2009 by the executive order of Governor Jon Corzine.
 CMSRU opened in summer 2012.
 It is the first new medical school in New Jersey in over 35 years and the only four-year MD-granting medical school in South Jersey.
 Rowan University and The Cooper Health System partnered in June 2009 to establish CMSRU.
 Located in Camden, NJ, CMSRU will help address the physician shortage locally and nationally, and improve healthcare throughout the region.
 New Jersey governor and Republican presidential candidate Chris Christie spoke at the school's opening.
 Its charter class was admitted in May 2012, and a second class matriculated in the Fall of 2013.
 By August 2015, CMSRU matriculated all four years of students.
