Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American recording artist Dan Fogelberg.
 It included two previously unreleased tracks, "Missing You" and "Make Love Stay", both of which were released as singles and peaked at chart positions #23 and #29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, respectively.
 Both of the new songs made the Top 10 on the adult contemporary chart, with "Missing You" rising to #6 and "Make Love Stay" becoming the singer's third #1 on the AC chart.
Make Love Not War is the 2004 debut album by Australian alternative rock band Cosmic Nomads recorded in Sydney, New South Wales at Damien Gerard Studios.
 Cosmic Nomads worked with renowned engineer Russell Pilling who, with 25 years experience, has recorded The Vines, The Church (band), The Cruel Sea (band) and Jon Stevens.
 A single and music video of the same name were released and distributed by MGM Sydney prior to the album release.
 Pilling said "Make Love Not War" "is a grower, once you listen to it a few times you begin to appreciate what it means".
"Make Love" is a song performed by American recording artist and songwriter Keri Hilson.
 It was written by Jamal "Polow da Don" Jones, Ester Dean and Jason Perry, and produced by Polow da Don and Perry for Hilson's debut studio album, "In a Perfect World..." (2009).
 The song was sent for urban adult contemporary airplay on June 23, 2009 as the fifth single from the album.
 Musically, "Make Love" is a downtempo R&B ballad.
 The song received mixed reviews from music critics; some of them criticized its long length and Hilson's vocals, while others named it one of the album's standouts.
"I Just Want to Make Love to You" is a 1954 blues song written by Willie Dixon, first recorded by Muddy Waters, and released as "Just Make Love to Me" (Chess 1571).
 The song reached number four on "Billboard" magazine's R&B Best Sellers chart.
Mind If We Make Love to You is an album by the American power pop group Wondermints.
 It was released in 2002 on record label Smile Records.
 The unusual album title, with its intentional lack of punctuation, is a take-off of "Mind If I Make Love to You", an album of 1950s cocktail instrumentals in Darian Sahanaja's record collection.
Chuck Berry on Stage is an album by Chuck Berry, released in 1963 by Chess Records.
 Although promoted as a live album, it is a collection of previously released studio recordings (except for 5 songs..."All Aboard", "Trick or Treat", "I Just Want To Make Love To You", "Still Got The Blues", and a previously unreleased alternate take of "Brown-Eyed Handsome Man") with overdubbed audience sounds to simulate a live recording.
 One track on the album labelled "Surfin' USA", is "Sweet Little Sixteen", originally released in 1958, the melody of which was used in The Beach Boys' 1963 hit "Surfin' USA".
 Chuck's cover of Willie Dixon's "I Just Want To Make Love To You" was later re-recorded and released on the very rare Chess LP CH60032 "Chuck Berry" in 1975.
"All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" is a song by the rock band Heart.
 It was composed by veteran songwriter and producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange and released as the lead single from the band's tenth studio album, "Brigade", as well as their first hit single of the 1990s.
 The song was first recorded as "All I Want to Do Is Make Love to You" by Dobie Gray in 1979, though with different lyrics.
"Be the One" is a power ballad by American rock band Poison.
 The song was released as the second single from their 2000 "Crack a Smile...and More!
" album.
 The single/sampler was released in February 2000 and featured five b-sides including the first single from the album "Shut Up, Make Love" and the four unplugged bonus tracks from the album: "Every Rose Has Its Thorn", "Talk Dirty to Me", "Your Mama Don't Dance" and "Something to Believe In".
"The Longer We Make Love" is a song recorded by American singer Barry White for his 1999 album, "Staying Power".
 It was written by White, Aaron Schroeder and Marlon Saunders, and produced by White and Jack Perry.
 The song was recorded in two versions: as a duet with Lisa Stansfield and as another duet with Chaka Khan.
 Both versions are in the key of G minor and received positive reviews from music critics.
 The CD single was released in selected European countries on July 19, 1999.
 "The Longer We Make Love" was also issued as a promotional single in the United States.
 The song failed to make any impact on the charts.
"Shut Up, Make Love" is a song by American rock band Poison; released in 2000, it was the first single presented to radio stations from their 2000 "Crack a Smile...and More!
" album.
 The song also appears on the second promo single "Be the One" as a B-side.
 "Crack a Smile" is Poison's fifth studio album, released on March 14, 2000, and charting at #131 on The Billboard 200.
 The song was the first Poison single with lead guitarist Blues Saraceno.
