Michel Tronchay (October 1668 – October 30, 1733) was a French Catholic priest, writer, philosopher, and the secretary of French historian Louis-Sébastien Le Nain de Tillemont.
 After Tillemont's death, Tronchay completed and published volumes 6–16 of "Mémoires pour servir à l'histoire ecclésiastique des six premiers siècles", a history of the first six-centuries of the Christian church.
 He also completed and published the final volume 6 of "Histoire des empereurs et autres princes qui ont régné pendant les six premiers siècles de l'Église", a history of the Roman Empire.
 This work was often cited by Edward Gibbon in his "Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire".
Mario Góngora del Campo (June 22, 1915 – November 18, 1985) was a Chilean historian considered "one of the most important Chilean historians of the 20th century".
 Though his work he examined the history of the inquilinos, the encomentaderos, rural vagabonds and Indian Law (Derecho Indiano).
 He was in charge of university courses on medieval history.
Ong Hok Ham (1 May 1933 – 30 August 2007) was an eminent Chinese Indonesian historian considered one of the leading experts on Indonesian history during the 19th century Dutch colonial rule.
 His particular area of knowledge centered on events in Java during the period, and he authored a number of works dealing with the subject.
Icones Plantarum is an extensive series of published volumes of botanical illustration, initiated by Sir William Jackson Hooker.
 The Latin name of the work means "Illustrations of Plants".
 The illustrations are drawn from herbarium specimens of Hooker's herbarium, and subsequently the herbarium of Kew Gardens.
 Hooker was the author of the first ten volumes, produced 1837-1854.
 His son, Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker, was responsible for Volumes X-XIX (most of Series III).
 Daniel Oliver was the editor of Volumes XX-XXIV.
 His successor was William Turner Thiselton-Dyer.
 The series now comprises forty volumes.
Ladislav Matějka (May 30, 1919 in České Budějovice – September 29, 2012 in West Newton, Massachusetts) was a Czech scholar of semiotics and linguistic theory, who translated and published many contributions to Prague linguistic circle theory.
 He received his doctorate in Charles University in Prague in 1948 and then emigrated to the U.S. From 1956 until 1989 he taught at University of Michigan in the Slavic Department.
 In 1962, he founded Michigan Slavic Publications, a series that has published more than 100 volumes by authors such as Roman Jakobson and Nikolai Trubetzkoy.
"A Song of Ice and Fire" is an ongoing series of epic fantasy novels by American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin.
 The first installment of the series, "A Game of Thrones", which was originally planned as a trilogy, was published in 1996.
 The series now consists of five published volumes, and two more volumes are planned.
 The series is told in the third-person through the eyes of a number of point of view characters.
 A television series adaptation, "Game of Thrones", premiered on HBO in 2011.
Slavic fantasy (Russian: Славянское фэнтези ),a fantasy genre, was finally formed at the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries.
 Slavic fantasy is the use of Slavic folklore (legends, epics, myths) in general structural rules for fantasy works.
 The term Slavic fantasy broader term Russian fantasy, although these terms are sometimes used synonymously.
 Slavic fantasy emerged in opposition to the Western fantasy based on Celtic and Norse mythology.
 The predecessor of Slavic fantasy can be considered to be the forgotten writer Alexander Veltman with the novels "Koschei the Immortal" (1833) and "Svyatoslavovych, Hostile Pet" (1834), but the founder of the modern Slavic fantasy was Yuri Nikitin, a series of novels, "Three out of the woods".
 The leader of the Slavic fantasy is Maria Semenova with the cycle of novels "Wolfhound".
 It is worth noting that some of the Russian-language writers use Norse mythology (referred k.f.n EA Safron to Western Fantasy) - for example Elizabeth Butler's cycle of novels ship in the fjord, and some English-language writers - Ancient pagan folklore (e.g. C. J. Cherryh the novels "The Mermaid" (Rusalka, 1989) and "Chernevog" (Chernevog, 1990)).
The Complete Collection of Russian Chronicles (Russian: Полное собрание русских летописей, "Polnoe Sobranie Russkikh Letopisey" , abbr.
 "PSRL") is a series of published volumes aimed at collecting all medieval East Slavic chronicles, with various editions published in Imperial Russia, the Soviet Union, and Russian Federation.
 The project is ongoing and far from finished.
The Dublin Penny Journal was a weekly newspaper, and later series of published volumes, originating from Dublin, Ireland, between 1832 and 1836.
 Published each Saturday, by J. S. Folds, George Petrie and Caesar Otway, the "Dublin Penny Journal" concerned itself with matters of Irish history, legend, topography and Irish identity – illustrating itself with a number of maps and wood-cuts.
 While originally a paper of low-circulation – numbering only a few thousand in its first edition – the "Dublin Penny Journal"' s popularity led to increased productivity.
 By the cessation of publication in 1836, 206 works had been published in four volumes, and were sold wholesale in London, Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, Edinburgh, Glasgow, New York City, Philadelphia, Boston and Paris.
The Annual Workshop on Formal Approaches to Slavic Linguistics (often abbreviated FASL) is one of the most reputable international academic conferences in the field of formal Slavic linguistics.
 Each meeting is hosted by a United States or Canada university in May; the proceedings are published in the next year by Michigan Slavic Publishers of University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, MI.
