Tadeo Jones is a 2004 Spanish short animated film directed by Enrique Gato.
 It tells the story of Tadeo Jones, an adventurer who enters a pyramid where he finds a family of mummies.
 The project of this film was born when Gato wanted to make a short film containing more action and humour than his previous projects, so he decided to make a parody of the adventure genre, whose representative figure is Indiana Jones.
 The story contains many elements from the "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (Indiana Jones) series of movies.
 The synopsis, in the director's words, is "adventurer Tadeo Jones is a little foolish but stubborn to explore an ancient pyramid and will run into a family of mummies."
A sound follower, also referred to as "separate magnetic", "sepmag", "magnetic film recorder", or "mag dubber", is a device for the recording and playback of film sound that is recorded on magnetic film.
 This device is locked or synchronized with the motion picture film containing the picture.
 A sound follower operates like an analog reel-to-reel audio tape recording, but using film, not magnetic tape.
 The unit can be switched from manual control to sync control, where it will follow the film with picture.
Daphnis and Chloe (Greek: Δάφνις και Χλόη ), is a 1931 Greek romance film written and directed by Orestis Laskos, based on the namesake novel of the 2nd-century writer Longus.
 It is sometimes said to be the first European film containing nude scenes.
 The 1897 George Méliès "After The Ball" was earlier, but uses simulated nudity via use of body stockings.
Animal Farm is the street name given to an infamous underground pornographic film containing scenes of explicit bestiality that was smuggled into Great Britain in the late 1970s or early 1980s.
 Most of the films starred the Danish performer Bodil Joensen.
Tokyo!
 is a 2008 French/Japanese/South Korean/German anthology film containing three segments written by three non-Japanese directors, all of which were filmed in Tokyo, Japan.
 Michel Gondry directed "Interior Design", Leos Carax directed "Merde", and Bong Joon-ho directed "Shaking Tokyo".
The Valiant is an American drama film released by Fox Film Corporation in the Fox Movietone sound-on-film system on May 19, 1929.
 It is produced and directed by William K. Howard (his first sound film) and stars Paul Muni (in his film debut), Marguerite Churchill and John Mack Brown.
 Although described by at least one source as a silent film containing talking sequences, synchronized music and sound effects, "The Valiant" has continuous dialogue and is a full "talkie", made without a corresponding silent version.
Allauddin Adhbhuta Deepam (English: Aladdin & Wonderful Lamp; Telugu: అల్లావుద్దీన్ అద్భుత దీపం ) is a 1957 Telugu fantasy film produced by M. Lakshmipathi on Jai Shakti Pictures banner, presented by T. S. Balaiah and directed by T. R. Raghunath.
 Starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Anjali Devi in the lead roles and music composed by Saluri Rajeswara Rao & Saluri Hanumantha Rao.
 The film is based on a story from "Arabian Nights" called "Aladdin & Magic Lamp" The film was simultaneously released in Tamil as "Allavudeenum Arputha Vilakkum" and in Hindi as "Alladdin Ka Chirag".
 This film is known to be the earliest Telugu film containing sequences in colour.
The 48 Hour Film Project is a contest in which teams of filmmakers are assigned a genre, a character, a prop, and a line of dialogue, and have 48 hours to create a short film containing those elements.
 Shortly after the 48 hours of filmmaking, the films from each city are then screened at a theater in that city.
 The Project was inspired by The 24 Hour Plays.
 It has existed since 2001.
 It was created by Mark Ruppert and is produced by Ruppert and Liz Langston.
 In 2009, nearly 40,000 filmmakers made around 3000 films in 76 cities worldwide.
Fluorescence recovery after photobleaching (FRAP) is a method for determining the kinetics of diffusion through tissue or cells.
 It is capable of quantifying the two dimensional lateral diffusion of a molecularly thin film containing fluorescently labeled probes, or to examine single cells.
 This technique is very useful in biological studies of cell membrane diffusion and protein binding.
 In addition, surface deposition of a fluorescing phospholipid bilayer (or monolayer) allows the characterization of hydrophilic (or hydrophobic) surfaces in terms of surface structure and free energy.
The "Dost" test is a six-factor guideline established in 1986 in the United States district court case "United States v. Dost" , 636 F. Supp.
 828 (S.D.Cal.
 1986).
 The case involved 22 nude or semi-nude photographs of females aged 10–14 years old.
 The undeveloped film containing the images was mailed to a photo processing company in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.
