Melesio "Mel" Casas (November 24, 1929 – November 30, 2014) was a Chicano artist, activist, writer and teacher.
 He used visual statements, his sense of humor and love of puns to "address cultural stereotypes."
 His work has been collected by the San Antonio Museum of Art, Smithsonian American Art Museum, and nationally and internationally.
 He is best known for his series of 150 large-scale paintings called "Humanscapes" that were painted between 1965 and 1989.
 Casas was also well known as a writer and theorist.
 His "Brown Paper Report" is considered an important document of Chicano history.
 In his writing, he emphasized the importance of "self-determination" and equality for Chicanos/as.
 He is considered to be one of the important founders of the Chicano Arts movement.
 Casas felt that once artists had a fair chance to exhibit in the United States, then they would become part of "Americana."
Vicki Risch is the former First Lady of Idaho and the wife of U.S. Sen. Jim Risch, who served as Governor of Idaho in 2006.
 She became First Lady on May 26, 2006, when her husband succeeded former Gov. Dirk Kempthorne, who resigned to become United States Secretary of the Interior.
 Mrs. Risch succeeded former First Lady Patricia Kempthorne who had held the post for over seven years.
 Mrs. Risch served as First Lady until January 2007, as her husband did not seek a full term as governor, but rather was reelected to his old post as lieutenant governor.
The First Lady of the United States is the hostess of the White House.
 The position is traditionally filled by the wife of the President of the United States, but, on occasion, the title has been applied to women who were not presidents’ wives, such as when the president was a bachelor or widower, or when the wife of the president was unable to fulfill the duties of the First Lady herself.
 The First Lady is not an elected position; it carries no official duties and receives no salary.
 Nonetheless, she attends many official ceremonies and functions of state either along with or in place of the president.
 Traditionally, the First Lady does not hold outside employment while occupying the office.
 She has her own staff, including the White House Social Secretary, the Chief of Staff, the Press Secretary, the Chief Floral Designer, and the Executive Chef.
 The Office of the First Lady is also in charge of all social and ceremonial events of the White House, and is a branch of the Executive Office of the President.
Abigail Adams ("née" Smith; November 22  1744 – October 28, 1818) was the closest advisor and wife of John Adams, as well as the mother of John Quincy Adams.
 She is sometimes considered to have been a Founder of the United States, and is now designated as the first Second Lady and second First Lady of the United States, although these titles were not in use at the time.
The Office of the First Lady of the United States is the staff accountable to the First Lady of the United States.
 The office and its responsibilities, while not mandated, have grown as the role of the First Lady has grown and formalized through the history of the United States.
 The Office of the First Lady is an entity of the White House Office, part of the Executive Office of the President.
The West Indies Federation, also known as the West Indies, the Federation of the West Indies or the West Indian Federation, was a short-lived political union that existed from 3 January 1958 to 31 May 1962.
 Various islands in the Caribbean that were colonies of the United Kingdom, including Trinidad and Tobago, Barbados, Jamaica, and those on the Leeward and Windward Islands, came together to form the Federation, with its capital in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.
 The expressed intention of the Federation was to create a political unit that would become independent from Britain as a single state—possibly similar to the Canadian Confederation, Australian Commonwealth, or Central African Federation; however, before that could happen, the Federation collapsed due to internal political conflicts over how the Federation itself would be governed or how it would viably function.
 The territories that would have become part of the Federation eventually became the nine contemporary sovereign states of Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Dominica, Grenada, Jamaica, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Trinidad and Tobago; with Anguilla, Montserrat, the Cayman Islands, and Turks and Caicos Islands becoming British overseas territories.
 British Guiana (Guyana) and British Honduras (Belize) held observer status within the West Indies Federation.
Louisa Catherine Johnson Adams (February 12, 1775 – May 15, 1852), wife of John Quincy Adams, was First Lady of the United States from 1825 to 1829.
 The daughter of the American Consul in London, she was the first First Lady to be born outside the United States, or outside areas that were later to become part of the United States, such as the Thirteen Colonies – a distinction that would not be replicated until 192 years later by Melania Trump.
Immediately after the handover of Hong Kong back to Chinese rule, Hong Kong's Legislative Council passed an amendment to the Basic Law that would restrict immigration to children born outside of Hong Kong that were born to Hong Kong residents.
 The constitutionality of this amendment came to be challenged in court, and in January 1999, the Court of Final Appeal ruled against the amendment.
 This ruling immediately granted up to 300,000 people in mainland China the right of abode in Hong Kong, and it was estimated that within the next ten years, about 1.6 million people in mainland China would become eligible for right of abode in Hong Kong.
In the United States, the first spouse (first lady for women, first gentleman for men) is the term used to refer to the spouse of a chief executive - that is, of the spouse of the President of the United States (the First Lady of the United States and the First Gentleman of the United States) and the spouses of the governors of the 50 U.S. states and U.S. territories (Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands) and the spouse of the mayor of the District of Columbia.
 (The spouses of many mayors are often called the "first lady" or "first gentleman" of the city as well, and the use of the terms sometimes extends even to the spouses of college presidents).
Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison (July 25, 1775 – February 25, 1864), wife of President William Henry Harrison and grandmother of President Benjamin Harrison, was nominally First Lady of the United States during her husband's one-month term in 1841, but she never entered the White House.
 At the age of 65 years during her husband's presidential term, she is the oldest woman ever to become First Lady, as well as having the distinction of holding the title for the shortest length of time, and the first person to be widowed while holding the title.
 She was the last First Lady to have been born in British America.
