The 1984 United States Senate election in Virginia took place on November 6, 1984.
 Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator John W. Warner won re-election to a second term.
 He handily defeated Edythe Harrison, the "first woman in Virginia nominated by the Democratic Party for statewide office."
The 1984 United States Senate election in Maine was held on November 7, 1984.
 Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator William Cohen won re-election to a second term.
The 2010 United States Senate election in Indiana took place on November 2, 2010, alongside 33 other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections to fill Indiana's class III United States Senate seat.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Evan Bayh decided in February 2010 to retire instead of seeking a third term shortly after former U.S. Senator Dan Coats announced his candidacy for Bayh's contested seat.
 No Democratic candidate submitted enough signatures by the deadline to run, leading Democratic officials to choose U.S. Congressman Brad Ellsworth to be the nominee.
 The Libertarian Party nominated YMCA instructor Rebecca Sink-Burris, who had previously run against Evan Bayh in the United States Senate election in Indiana, 1998 but with less success than in this election.
 Republican nominee and former U.S. Senator Dan Coats won the open seat.
The 1976 United States Senate election in Maine took place on November 2, 1976.
 Incumbent Democratic senator Edmund Muskie won re-election to a fourth term.
The 1984 United States Senate election in Montana took place on November 6, 1984.
 Incumbent United States Senator Max Baucus, who was first elected in 1978, ran for re-election.
 He easily won renomination in the Democratic primary, and advanced to the general election, where he faced Chuck Cozzens, a former State Representative and the Republican nominee.
 Despite President Ronald Reagan's strong performance in the state that year, Baucus was able to easily win a second term over Cozzens.
The 1984 United States Senate election in Iowa was held on November 5, 1984.
 Incumbent Republican Senator Roger Jepsen ran for re-election to a second term in the United States Senate.
 Jepsen was opposed by United States Congressman Tom Harkin, from Iowa's 5th congressional district, who won the Democratic primary uncontested.
 The general election was full of mudslinging and personal attacks, including the embellishment by both candidates of their military records; Harkin attacked Jepsen for failing to keep his promise to not sell AWACS aircraft to Saudi Arabia.
 Ultimately, Harkin defeated Jepsen by a wide margin, winning the first of five terms in the Senate.
The 1984 United States Senate election in Illinois took place on November 6, 1984.
 Incumbent Republican Senator Charles H. Percy ran for re-election to a fourth term in the United States Senate.
 Senator Percy was opposed by Democratic nominee Paul Simon, who was a United States Congressman from Illinois's 22nd congressional district.
 The campaign between Percy and Simon was brutal and toughly-fought, and ended up with Simon ousting Percy by fewer than 90,000 votes, which was, at the time, considered an upset.
The 2014 United States Senate election in Maine took place on November 4, 2014.
 Incumbent Republican Senator Susan Collins, who has served in the position since 1997, ran for and easily won reelection to a fourth term in office in a landslide by 68% - 32%, which is her largest margin yet.
 The primary elections were held on June 10, 2014.
The 1984 United States Senate election in Alaska was held on November 6, 1984.
 Incumbent Republican Senator Ted Stevens sought re-election to a third term in the United States Senate.
 Owing to his popularity and the conservative bent of Alaska, Stevens did not face major opposition, and easily crushed former Alaska Attorney General John Havelock in the general election.
The 1984 United States Senate election in New Mexico took place on November 6, 1984.
 Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Pete Domenici successfully ran for re-election to a third term, defeating Democrat Judith Pratt.
