Joseph Nestor Mondello (born 1938) is an American politician who served as Chairman of the New York Republican State Committee until September 2009.
 Mondello continues to serve as the head of the Nassau County Republican Committee, a post he has held since 1983.
 He is a lawyer with the firm of Berkman, Henoch, Peterson and Peddy of Garden City, New York, and holds the rank of Major General in the New York Guard.
 Prior to being elected state chairman, he served as the head of the Nassau County Republican Committee for twenty three years.
 He is a former Town supervisor of Hempstead, New York, as well as an attorney, college professor, high school teacher and probation officer.
 He served as deputy commander of the New York Guard, and also served in the United States Army, Navy, and Air Force.
The 5th Congressional District of New York is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives, represented by Democrat Gregory Meeks.
 Most of the district is in Queens, but a small portion is located in Nassau County.
 A majority of the district's population is African-American.
The 4th Congressional District of New York is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in central and southern Nassau County.
 It includes the communities of Baldwin, Bellmore, East Rockaway, East Meadow, the Five Towns, Lynbrook, Floral Park, Franklin Square, Garden City, Hempstead, Long Beach, Malverne, Freeport, Merrick, Mineola, Carle Place, New Hyde Park, Oceanside, Rockville Centre, Roosevelt, Uniondale, Wantagh, West Hempstead, Westbury and parts of Valley Stream.
 Democrat Kathleen Rice has represented the district since 2015.
The Long Island Electric Railway was a streetcar company operating in Brooklyn, Queens, and Nassau County, New York, United States between 1894 and 1926.
 The company was partially owned by the Long Island Consolidated Electric Companies, a holding company for the Long Island Rail Road and partially by August Belmont and the Interborough Rapid Transit Company.
 It connected the east end of the Fulton Street El at Crescent Street station in City Line, Brooklyn with Jamaica, Queens, and ran from there to the Nassau County line at Queens Village and to Far Rockaway, Queens via Nassau County.
 It also had a connection to Belmont Park.
 The New York and Long Island Traction Company used trackage rights over its line from Crescent Street to Queens Village.
Green Acres Mall is an indoor shopping mall located in South Valley Stream, New York, off Sunrise Highway in Nassau County right off the border of New York City and the Incorporated Village of Valley Stream (part of the parking lot and stores on the north side of the property are in the Village, while the mall itself is in an unincorporated hamlet of the Town of Hempstead).
 The mall has a gross leasable area (GLA) of 1800000 sqft .
 The mall is the 26th largest in the United States.
 The mall is extremely popular in Nassau County and in the neighboring New York City borough of Queens.
 The mall is accessible by many Nassau Inter-County Express routes as well as two MTA New York City Bus routes, the Q5, Q85, that cross the city border.
Merrick Road, known as Merrick Boulevard inside New York City, is an east–west urban arterial in Queens, Nassau, and Suffolk counties, New York, United States.
 It runs east from the Queens neighborhood of Jamaica through Merrick past the county line between Nassau and Suffolk into Amityville, where it becomes Montauk Highway at the Amityville–Copiague village/hamlet line.
 The easternmost portion of Merrick Road, from Carman Mill Road to its eastern terminus, signed as part of New York State Route 27A (NY 27A).
 At one time, the entire length of Merrick Road was signed as NY 27A; currently, the entire portion within Nassau County is currently designated as the unsigned County Route 27 (CR 27).
 Merrick Road travels along an old right-of-way that was one of the original paths across southern Long Island, stretching from Queens to Montauk Point.
David L. "Dave" Mejias is an American politician.
 He was the Democratic candidate for the New York State Senate sixth district seat, which is currently held by 34-year incumbent Kemp Hannon.
 Mejias was a member of the County Legislature of Nassau County, New York, and ran as a Democratic candidate for the United States House of Representatives in 2006.
Theodore Medad Pomeroy (December 31, 1824 – March 23, 1905) was an American businessman and politician from New York who served as the 26th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from March 3, 1869, to March 4, 1869, the shortest American speakership term in history.
 He represented New York's 24th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1861 to 1869.
 He also served as the mayor of Auburn, New York, from 1875 to 1876, and in the New York State Senate from 1878 to 1879.
Mineola is a village in Nassau County, Long Island, New York, USA.
 The population was 18,799 at the 2010 census.
 The name is derived from an Algonquin word meaning a "pleasant place".
Floral Park is an incorporated village in Nassau County, New York, United States, on Long Island.
 The neighborhood of Floral Park in the New York City borough of Queens, is adjacent to the village.
 The village is at the western border of Nassau County, and is located mainly in the Town of Hempstead, while the section north of Jericho Turnpike is within the Town of North Hempstead.
 The population as of the US Census of 2010 is 15,863.
