Boize was a Canadian heavy metal and glam metal band based in Montreal, Quebec.
 The band was formed in the spring of 1989 in Laval, Quebec when vocalist Perry Blainey responded to an advertisement placed in the Montreal Gazette newspaper by bassist and keyboardist Stéphane Fania and guitarist Robert Kourie.
 Boize was associated with record label Aquarius Records and was managed by Canadian musician star and recording studio owner Bill Hill, under his music production company and management agency Bill Hill Productions.
 The band also had a brief association with South American heavy metal legend Alvacast, when singer Carlos "Charly" Lopez joined Boize as new vocalist in the fall of 1992.
Heavier Than Metal is an EP by Canadian heavy metal band Skull Fist.
 The EP was recorded at Shred Studios in Toronto and then released on March 1, 2010.
 Alison Thunderland (drums), and Sir Shred (lead guitar) joined Jackie Slaughter (lead vocals/guitar/bass) to record this EP.
 It was well received in the metal community and that led Skull Fist to be signed to Noise Art Records.
Anvil are a Canadian heavy metal band from Toronto, Ontario, formed in 1978.
 The band consists of Steve "Lips" Kudlow (vocals, guitar), Robb Reiner (drums) and Chris Robertson (bass).
 To date, the band has released sixteen studio albums, and has been cited as having influenced many notable heavy metal groups, including Megadeth, Slayer, Anthrax and Metallica.
Metalized is the debut album by the Canadian heavy metal band Sword.
 It was released in 1986 by the Canadian indie label Aquarius Records.
 The album samples many subgenres of the heavy metal genre, such as thrash metal on "Outta Control".
Unleash The Archers is a Canadian heavy metal band from Victoria, BC, currently signed with Napalm Records.
 The band plays a fusion of traditional heavy metal with power metal and melodic metal.
3 Inches of Blood was a Canadian heavy metal band formed in 1999 in Victoria, British Columbia, last consisting of Cam Pipes, Justin Hagberg, Shane Clark, and Ash Pearson, none of whom were original members of the band.
 They are marked by strong influences from the new wave of British heavy metal movement.
Long Live Heavy Metal is the fifth and final studio album from the Canadian heavy metal band 3 Inches of Blood.
 It is the second 3 Inches of Blood album to be released through Century Media and not feature Jamie Hooper on screaming vocals.
Safe is the second EP by Kittie, a Canadian heavy metal all-women band from London, Ontario.
 It was released in 2002.
 It is dedicated "In Loving Memory of Dave Williams".
 The EP sold 25,000 units in the United States.
 It received very little promotion, only appearing on 2 major rock/heavy metal magazines.
Cam Pipes is a Canadian heavy metal musician, who performed as the lead vocalist and bassist in the Canadian heavy metal band 3 Inches of Blood.
 He performs a falsetto vocal style reminiscent of Udo Dirkschneider and King Diamond.
 Pipes was the only member of 3 Inches of Blood to have been featured on all of their albums, although he was not a founding member of the band.
Canadian heavy metal music has a long history.
 Going back to the late 1960s, Canada has produced metal bands that have and continue to influence metal bands to this day.
 In 1964, Toronto-based band The Sparrows was formed.
 This band later changed their name to Steppenwolf and featured Canadians John Kay, Goldy McJohn and Jerry Edmonton.
 Steppenwolf's 1968 single "Born to be Wild" was the first use of the words 'heavy metal' in a song's lyric.
 In 1970, Woodstock, Ontario based Warpig released their metal music debut, which, although never reaching mainstream success like fellow heavy metal bands Black Sabbath and Blue Cheer, has become a cult favourite within the Doom metal scene.
