Cruiser Emden (German: Kreuzer Emden) is a 1932 German war film directed by Louis Ralph and starring Ralph, Renée Stobrawa, Hans Schlenck and Werner Fuetterer.
 It is a remake of a 1926 silent film "Our Emden" which had also been directed by Ralph.
 The film depicts the German First World War cruiser SMS "Emden" .
Die Männer der Emden is a 2012 German film directed and co-written by Berengar Pfahl that is an account of members of the crew of SMS "Emden" making their way back to Germany after the Battle of Cocos.
 The film was shot in Greece, Sri Lanka, Tunisia, Malta and Germany and appeared as both a miniseries and a feature film.
The Exploits of the Emden is a 1928 silent Australian film about the Battle of Cocos; the World War I naval battle between Australian cruiser HMAS "Sydney" and German cruiser SMS "Emden" .
 It consists of footage from a 1926 German film, "Our Emden", with additional sequences shot in Australia by director Ken G. Hall.
 Only part of the film survives today.
Our Emden (German: Unsere Emden) is a 1926 German silent war film directed by  Louis Ralph.
 It depicts the operations of the German First World War cruiser SMS "Emden".
 In 1932 Ralph remade the story as a sound film "Cruiser Emden".
The "Dresden" class was a pair of light cruisers built for the Imperial German Navy in the early part of the 20th century.
 The class comprised SMS "Dresden" , the lead ship, and SMS "Emden" .
 Both ships were laid down in 1906; "Dresden" was launched in 1907, and "Emden" followed in 1908.
 They entered service in 1908 and 1909, respectively.
 The design for the ships was an incremental improvement over the preceding "Königsberg" class, being slightly larger and slightly faster, but with the same primary armament of ten 10.5 cm guns.
 "Dresden" and "Emden" were powered by steam turbines and triple expansion engines, respectively, as part of continued experiments with the new turbine technology.
SMS "Emden" ("His Majesty's Ship "Emden"") was the second and final member of the "Dresden" class of light cruisers built for the Imperial German Navy ("Kaiserliche Marine").
 Named for the town of Emden, she was laid down at the "Kaiserliche Werft" (Imperial Dockyard) in Danzig in 1906.
 Her hull was launched in May 1908, and completed in July 1909.
 She had one sister ship, "Dresden" .
 Like the preceding "Königsberg"-class cruisers, "Emden" was armed with ten 10.5 cm guns and two torpedo tubes.
Emden was a light cruiser built by the Reichsmarine in the early 1920s.
 She was the only ship of her class and was the first large warship built in Germany after the end of World War I.
 She was built at the "Reichsmarinewerft" in Wilhelmshaven; her keel was laid in December 1921 and her completed hull was launched in January 1925.
 "Emden" was commissioned into the German fleet in October 1925.
 Her design was heavily informed by the restrictions of the Treaty of Versailles and the dictates of the Allied disarmament commission.
 She was armed with a main battery of surplus 15 cm guns left over from World War I, mounted in single gun turrets, as mandated by the Allied powers.
 She had a top speed of 29 kn .
SMS "Emden" may refer to one of the following ships of the German Kaiserliche Marine that were named after the town of Emden on the Ems River:
Israel Meshullam Solomon (1723–1794), born as Israel Meshullam Zalman Emden in Altona near Hamburg, was one of two rival Chief Rabbis of the United Kingdom and the rabbi of the Hambro' Synagogue.
 Solomon claimed authority as Chief Rabbi of the United Kingdom from 1765 to 1780, while Rabbi Tevele Schiff claimed the same authority from 1765 to 1791.
 Rabbi Solomon was the son of Jacob Emden, the grandson of the Chacham Tzvi, and a great-great-great grandson of Elijah Ba'al Shem of Chelm.
 After being rabbi at Podhajce, he was appointed rabbi of the Hamburger Hambro' Synagogue in London in 1764.
 The Hambro' Synagogue managed to bring up his salary to £150 as well as to grant him £50 for travelling expenses and £120 to set up house in London.
SMS "Emden" ("His Majesty's Ship "Emden"") was a German light cruiser belonging to the "Königsberg" class , built during the First World War.
 "Emden" served in the German Imperial Navy until the end of the war, at which point she was ceded to France.
 The ship was named after the previous "Emden" , which had been destroyed at the Battle of Cocos earlier in the war.
 She mounted an Iron Cross on her stem-head in honor of the earlier "Emden".
 The new cruiser was laid down in 1914 at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen, launched in February 1916, and commissioned into the High Seas Fleet in December 1916.
 Armed with eight 15 cm SK L/45 guns, the ship had a top speed of 27.5 kn .
