The Battle of Zahle (Arabic: معركة زحلة) took place during the Lebanese Civil War, between December 1980 and June 1981.
 During the seven-month period, the city of Zahle (Arabic: زحلة) endured a handful of political and military setbacks.
 The opposing key players were on the one side, the Lebanese Forces or LF (Arabic: القوات اللبنانية) aided by Zahlawi townspeople, and on the other side, the Syrian Armed Forces, then part of the peace-keeping Arab Deterrent Force or ADF (Arabic: قوات الردع العربية), aided by some Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) factions.
 Demographically, Zahleh is one of the largest predominantly Christian towns in Lebanon.
 Adjacent to the town's outskirts, the Bekaa valley (Arabic: وادي البقاع), spanning the length of the Syrian borders.
 Given Zahle's close proximity to the Bekaa Valley, the Syrian Armed Forces feared a potential alliance between Israel and the LF in Zahle.
 This potential alliance would not only threaten the Syrian military presence in the Bekaa valley, but was regarded as a national security threat from the Syrians' point of view, given the close proximity between Zahle and the Beirut-Damascus highway.
 Consequently, as a clamp-down strategy, the Syrian forces controlled the major roads leading in and out of the city and fortified the entire Valley.
 Around December 1980, tension increased between Zahlawi Lebanese Forces and Syrian-backed Leftist militants.
 From April to June 1981, throughout the four-month period, a handful of LF members, aided by Zahlawi Local Resistance, confronted the Syrian war machine and defended the city from Syrian intrusion and potential invasion.
The Jupiter London Nocturne (formerly the Smithfield Nocturne) is a cycling race in London, United Kingdom.
 It is organised as a criterium around a 1.1 km long course outside the historic Smithfield Market.
 It was first run in 2007 for men and in 2009 for women, and takes place after an afternoon of novelty races, such as ones involving penny farthings and folding bicycles.
 Despite being not being on the UCI Europe Tour, the race nonetheless attracts some high-profile names, such as Mark Cavendish, Matthew Goss, Davide Appollonio, Magnus Bäckstedt, and Sarah Storey.
Marondera (known as Marandellas until 1982) is a town in Mashonaland East, Zimbabwe, located about 72 km east of Harare; population 39,384 (Central Statistical Office, Zimbabwe.
 "Census of Population", 1992.
 The population was estimated at 46,000 in 2002.
 Harare: Government Printer).
 One of the earliest centres of white settlement in the former colony of Southern Rhodesia, Marondera is one of the centres of Zimbabwe's large forestry and farming district and markets timber, tobacco, corn (maize), beef, and dairy products.
 Marondera also has industrial estates for manufacturing and factories etc, supermarkets, large commercial businesses, small businesses, a football stadium called Rudhaka stadium, recreational facilities and provincial government offices as well as a provincial hospital and clinics and is also home to the police provincial headquarters.
 Marondera town is represented by a member of parliament and is also home to the governor of mashonaland east province.
 High density surbubs of marondera are Nyameni township, Dombotombo township, Cherima township, Yellow city township, Rusike, Cherutombo township.
 Medium density surburbs are Ruzawi park, Cherutombo medium density surburb, Garikai medium density surburb, Ruware park, Ruvimbo park, Morning side.
 Low density surbubs are Paradise park, Winston park, Lendy park.
 Marondera is a nice town to live in and is liked by many due to its close proximity to the city of Harare.
 It has a very low crime rate and the people are hardworking.
 The transport system within the town is mainly licenced private sector operations.
 Privately owned public transport comprise of licenced buses, minibuses and taxis.
 Residents are exposed to variety of newspapers namely the herald, financial gazzette, zimbabwe independent, standard, newsday, dailynews, the local newspaper chaminuka, kwayedza and online newspapers such as new zimbabwe.com, the zimbabwean, newsdze zimbabwe, zimbabwe situation etc.
Marsfield is a suburb that is part of the Northern Suburbs of Sydney, Australia.
 The green residential suburb is noted for its proximity to a number of leading scientific and tertiary educational institutions.
 Marsfield is located 16 kilometres north-west of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of the City of Ryde.
 Due to its close proximity to Macquarie University, the Macquarie Park Business Park, Macquarie University Hospital, Macquarie University railway station and Macquarie Shopping Centre, it is a growing suburb.
Whippingham railway station was arguably the most underused station on an often sparsely used network.
 Built solely because of the need to have a station within close proximity to Osborne House, it is known that Queen Victoria did use the station on at least one occasion, on 11 February 1888, when she travelled from Whippingham to Ventnor and back for the opening of the National Consumption Hospital there.
 The station is also known to have been used by the young Lord Mountbatten.
 In its early days its passenger carrying status was ambiguous and, although always clean and tidy, never very busy.
 A passing loop was added in 1912 and indeed was retained for a further three years after closure in 1953.
 Trains continued to pass through the station until the line was closed in 1966.
 The station house, now a splendid private dwelling, still stands with the only other building within any sort of close proximity being the Island crematorium.
On May 28, 2016, a three-year-old boy climbed into a gorilla enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden and was grabbed and dragged by Harambe, a 17-year-old Western lowland gorilla.
 Fearing for the boy's life, a zoo worker shot and killed Harambe.
 The incident was recorded on video and received broad international coverage and commentary, including controversy over the choice to kill Harambe.
 A number of primatologists and conservationists wrote later that the zoo had no other choice under the circumstances, and that it highlighted the danger of zoo animals in close proximity to humans and the need for better standards of care.
The Taurus Void is a vast, near empty region of space situated between the Perseus-Pisces Supercluster and the Virgo Supercluster.
 The Taurus void is unique because of its relatively close proximity to Earth, and because it helps to define the edge of latter's home supercluster, the Virgo supercluster.
 Despite its close proximity to Earth, the Taurus Void is not well studied because it is partially obscured by the Milky Way when viewed from Earth.
 In contrast to its ambiguous boundary in the section of sky obscured by the Milky Way, the Taurus Void has a very well defined boundary with the Perseus-Pisces supercluster.
The People's Choice Classic, nicknamed the Down Under Classic, is a criterium around Rymill Park in Adelaide, South Australia, Australia.
 It precedes the Tour Down Under.
The Daags na de Tour (the former "Ronde van Boxmeer") is a Criterium around the city of Boxmeer in The Netherlands.
 Traditionally the race will take place the day after the Tour de France.
Lumbini Park is a small public, urban park of 7.5 acre adjacent to Hussain Sagar in Hyderabad, India.
 India named after Lumbini of Nepal dedicated to Lord Buddha.
 Since it is located in the center of the city and is in close proximity to other tourist attractions, such as Birla Mandir and Necklace Road, it attracts many visitors throughout the year.Boating is one of the best part and people go to the Budha idol placed in the middle of the tank band in the boats.
 Constructed in 1994, the park is maintained by the Buddha Purnima Project Authority that functions under the directives of the Government of Telangana.
 In 2007, it was one of the targets of the 25 August 2007 Hyderabad bombings that killed 44 people.
