Buffalo Soldiers is a 1997 TNT television film starring Danny Glover, Mykelti Williamson, Tom Bower, Timothy Busfield, Clifton Powell, and Bob Gunton.
 It features the Buffalo Soldiers, black members of the U.S. cavalry, and their role in the Apache Wars, especially Victorio's War.
The 5th United States Colored Cavalry was a regiment of the United States Army organized as one of many Colored units during the American Civil War.
 The 5th USCC was one of the more notable black fighting units and it was officially organized, after its first two battles, in Kentucky in October 1864.
 It was commanded by Colonel James Brisbin until February 1865, when he took over the 6th US Colored Cavalry.
 His executive officer, Louis Henry Carpenter then commanded the regiment until 20 March 1866.
 The regiment was composed of ex-slaves, freedmen, and slaves.
 Many white officers from the unit were later assigned to the famed Buffalo Soldiers cavalry units.
 Many former USCC soldiers (later called troopers) volunteered for further service after their Civil War units were retired.
 The regiment isn't to be confused with the 5th Massachusetts Colored Cavalry
Thomas Shaw (c.1752 Bath-c.1830 Paris) was an English violinist and composer.
 His father, also Thomas Shaw, was a leading string player and early 18th-century concert director in Bath, England.
 Shaw's earliest known performance was in Bath in April 1769, but he was clearly an accomplished player by then, for during the following autumn and spring of 1770 he led the orchestra in Thomas Linley's subscription concerts.
 He was a member of the theatre band in 1771 and his first known composition, an overture, was performed in a concert at the end of December.
 By 1772 he was playing his own compositions in Bath and Bristol but difficulties with Thomas Linley made London a more attractive centre for him and his last known performance in Bath was in November 1774.
 That same year "Six Favourite Minuets" by Shaw were published by Thomas Whitehead in Bath.
Thomas Shaw (1846 – June 23, 1895) was a Buffalo Soldier in the United States Army and a recipient of America's highest military decoration – the Medal of Honor – for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States.
The Battle of Ambos Nogales (The Battle of Both Nogales), or as it is known in Mexico La batalla del 27 de agosto (The Battle of 27 August), was an engagement fought on 27 August 1918 between Mexican forces and elements of US Army troops of the 35th Infantry Regiment, who were reinforced by the Buffalo Soldiers of the 10th Cavalry Regiment, and commanded by Lt. Col. Frederick J. Herman.
 The American soldiers and militia forces were stationed in Nogales, Arizona, and the Mexican soldiers and armed Mexican militia were in Nogales, Sonora.
 This battle was notable for being a significant confrontation between US and Mexican forces during the Border War which took place in the context of the Mexican Revolution and the First World War.
Frances M. A. Roe, born Frances Marie Antoinette Mack (died 6 May 1920) was the wife of U. S. Army officer Fayette Washington Roe, ultimately a Lieutenant Colonel, who was sent to Fort Lyon in Colorado Territory in 1871.
 She accompanied him and recorded her life during these years in a memoir.
 While her husband's career has been described as "unremarkable", Roe continues to be known on the basis of her book for the accurate picture of Army life it painted.
 Black soldiers from this period became known as the "Buffalo Soldiers"; Roe's was the first documented use of the name.
 Roe said of the Buffalo Soldiers:
Buffalo Soldiers originally were members of the 10th Cavalry Regiment of the United States Army, formed on September 21, 1866, at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
 This nickname was given to the "Negro Cavalry" by the Native American tribes they fought in the Indian Wars.
 The term eventually became synonymous with all of the African American regiments formed in 1866:
The Twenty-fifth United States Infantry Regiment was one of the racially segregated units of the United States Army known as Buffalo Soldiers.
 The 25th served from 1866 to 1946, seeing action in the American Indian Wars, Spanish–American War, Philippine–American War and World War II.
The Bisbee Riot, or the Battle of Brewery Gulch, refers to a conflict during the Red Summer on July 3, 1919, between Buffalo Soldiers of the 10th Cavalry and members of local police forces in Bisbee, Arizona.
 Following an incident between a military policeman and some of the Buffalo Soldiers, the situation escalated into a street battle in Bisbee's historic Brewery Gulch.
 At least eight people were seriously injured, and fifty soldiers were arrested, although the consequences of this skirmish were relatively minor compared to others during the summer of 1919.
The 92nd Infantry Division (92nd Division, WWI) was a segregated infantry division of the United States Army that served in both World War I and World War II.
 The division was organized in October 1917, after the U.S. entry in World War I, at Camp Funston, Kansas, with African American soldiers from all states.
 In 1918, before leaving for France, the American buffalo was selected as the divisional insignia due to the "Buffalo Soldiers" nickname, given to African American cavalrymen by Native Americans in the 19th century.
 The "Buffalo Soldiers Division" divisional nickname was inherited from the 367th Infantry, one of the first units of the division organized.
