The PowerTech was a new engine family for Chrysler that could not have been designed by Mercedes Benz because the take-over of Chrysler Corporation didn't happen until1998, and was not based on the Chrysler A engine as existing Chrysler V8s were.
 A 4.7 L V8 came first, fitted in the Jeep Grand Cherokee, and a 3.7 L V6 version debuted in 2002 for the Jeep Liberty.
 The PowerTech V6 and V8 were direct replacements for Chrysler's "LA" family in the early 2000s, and were also used in the Dodge Ram and started in the 2000 Dodge Durango .
 They were not used in any cars, but were reserved for truck and SUV use.
 They are also known as Next Generation Magnum in Dodge applications.The PowerTech V6 and V8 engines are produced at the Mack Avenue Engine Complex in Detroit, Michigan.
 E85 compatible versions of some PowerTech engines were developed and used in numerous Chrysler vehicles.
 On April 9, 2013 the last 4.7 L engine was built; ending 15 years of production with over 3 million examples built.
The RS-platform Chrysler minivans are a series of passenger minivans marketed by the Chrysler Corporation from model years 2001 to 2007, the fourth in six generations of Chrysler minivans, which were heavily revised versions of the NS minivans.
 Depending on the market, these vans were known as the Dodge Caravan, Chrysler Town & Country and the Chrysler Voyager.
 With the discontinuation of the Plymouth brand, the Plymouth Voyager didn't return.
The AS-platform Chrysler minivans are a series of passenger minivans marketed by the Chrysler Corporation from model years 1991 to 1995, the second in six generations of Chrysler minivans.
 Depending on the market, these vans were known as the Plymouth Voyager, Dodge Caravan, Chrysler Town & Country and the Chrysler Voyager.
Willem Weertman is an American engineer known for his work as an engineer at Chrysler Corporation, where he was actively involved in the creation of many of the company's most famous engines, including the Slant Six, 2.2 four, and LA V8 (318, 360).
 He graduated from Yale University with a bachelor of engineering degree in 1947 before joining the Chrysler Institute of Engineering; in 1949 he started work at the Plymouth Assembly Plant before spending 1950-1952 with the Navy in the Korean War.
 In 1954 Weertman became the first resident engineer for the Plymouth Mound Road V8 engine plant, which started producing A-engines in 1955.
 In December 1955, Weertman was promoted up to the Engine Design Department of Chrysler's Central Engineering department and assigned a title of Manager - Engine Design.
 In this capacity he worked on the Chrysler B engine and Slant Six, which would become known for its durability and at the time was considered to have high performance for its size.
 Valiants powered by this engine took first through seventh place in the first and only NASCAR sanctioned compact-car race.
Plymouth was a brand of automobiles based in the United States, produced by the Chrysler Corporation and its successor DaimlerChrysler.
 The brand first appeared in 1928 in the United States to compete in what was then described as the "low-priced" market segment dominated by Chevrolet and Ford.
 The Plymouth was the high-volume seller for the automaker until the late 1990s.
 The brand was withdrawn from the marketplace in 2001.
 The Plymouth models that were produced up to then were either discontinued or rebranded as Chrysler.
The Plymouth Laser is a sports coupe sold by Plymouth from 1989 (as a 1990 model) to 1994.
 The Laser and its siblings: the Mitsubishi Eclipse and Eagle Talon, were the first vehicles produced under the newly formed Diamond Star Motors, a joint-venture between the Chrysler Corporation and the Mitsubishi Motors Corporation.
 The "Laser" name was recycled from an earlier sports coupe sold as the Chrysler Laser during the 1980s.
The NS-platform Chrysler minivans are a series of passenger minivans marketed by the Chrysler Corporation from model years 1996 to 2000, the third in six generations of Chrysler minivans, and the first to be new from the ground up and not be based off the Chrysler K platform.
 Depending on the market, these vans were known as the Plymouth Voyager, Dodge Caravan, Chrysler Town & Country and the Chrysler Voyager.
The Dodge Mayfair was an automobile built by Chrysler Corporation of Canada Ltd.
 This vehicle was produced solely for the Canadian market from 1953 to 1959.
 Its American equivalent was the Plymouth Belvedere.
 It was based on the Plymouth, a vehicle that Chrysler of Canada had been offering since 1935 and Chrysler in Detroit started offering in export markets in 1936.
The Plymouth Valiant (first appearing in 1960 as simply the Valiant) is an automobile which was manufactured by the Plymouth division of the Chrysler Corporation in the United States from 1960 to 1976.
 It was created to give the company an entry in the compact car market emerging in the late 1950s.
 The Valiant was also built and marketed, without the Plymouth name, worldwide in countries including Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Finland, Mexico, New Zealand, South Africa, Sweden and Switzerland, as well as other countries in South America and Western Europe.
 It became well known for its excellent durability and reliability, and was one of Chrysler's best-selling automobiles during the 1960s and 1970s, essentially keeping the company afloat during its hard economic times.
The Ultradrive is a 4-speed automatic transmission from Chrysler Corporation.
 It was produced starting in 1989.
 It was originally paired primarily with the Mitsubishi 3.0 (6G72) engine in vehicles with transverse engines.
 In 1990, it was expanded to work with the Chrysler 3.3 & 3.8 V6 engines in Dodge Caravan/Grand Caravan, Plymouth Voyager/Grand Voyager, Chrysler Town & Country, Dodge Dynasty & Chrysler New Yorker.
 The Ultradrive was produced at Kokomo Transmission in Kokomo, Indiana, a plant which still makes front wheel drive Chrysler automatic transmissions.
