Zero for Conduct (French: "Zéro de conduite" ) is a 1933 French featurette directed by Jean Vigo.
 It was first shown on 7 April 1933 and was subsequently banned in France until November 1945.
The Great Mouse Detective is a 1986 American animated mystery comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 The 26th Disney animated feature film, the film was directed by Burny Mattinson, David Michener, and the team of John Musker and Ron Clements, who later directed Disney's hit films "The Little Mermaid" and "Aladdin".
 The film was also known as The Adventures of the Great Mouse Detective for its 1992 theatrical re-release and Basil the Great Mouse Detective in some countries.
 The main characters are all mice and rats living in Victorian London.
Winnie the Pooh is a 2011 American animated buddy musical comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the 51st Disney animated feature film.
 Inspired by A. A. Milne's stories of the same name, the film is part of Disney's "Winnie the Pooh" franchise, the fifth theatrical "Winnie the Pooh" film released, and Walt Disney Animation Studios' second adaptation of "Winnie-the-Pooh" stories.
 Jim Cummings reprises his vocal roles as Winnie the Pooh and Tigger, while series newcomers Travis Oates, Tom Kenny, Craig Ferguson, Bud Luckey, and Kristen Anderson-Lopez provide the voices of Piglet, Rabbit, Owl, Eeyore, and Kanga, respectively.
 In the film, the aforementioned residents of the Hundred Acre Wood embark on a quest to save Christopher Robin from an imaginary culprit while Pooh deals with a hunger for honey.
 The film is directed by Stephen Anderson and Don Hall, adapted from Milne's books by a story team led by Burny Mattinson, produced by Peter Del Vecho, Clark Spencer, John Lasseter, and Craig Sost, and narrated by John Cleese.
Xiao Shan Going Home () is a Chinese featurette directed by Jia Zhangke.
 The film, running around one hour in length, was made by Jia while he was attending the Beijing Film Academy and stars his friend, classmate, and now frequent collaborator, Wang Hongwei in the titular role.
"Smile" is a single by Australian recording artist Dami Im, released on 26 May 2015.
 It was written in Solna, Sweden by Im, Hayley Aitken and Olof Lindskog, and produced by the latter under his production name Ollipop.
 "Smile" is an upbeat bubblegum pop and doo-wop song that consists of a saxophone rift, electric guitar, synth, handclaps, harmonies and backing vocals.
 Several critics felt its production was reminiscent of Meghan Trainor's sound.
 Lyrically, "Smile" conveys a positive message "about loving and appreciating yourself and doing all the simple things in your life to make yourself smile and be ultimately happy."
 The song received mixed reviews from critics; some complimented its fun pop sound, while others criticised the simple production and Im for following Trainor's sound.
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a 1983 American animated featurette produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution.
 It was directed and produced by Burny Mattinson.
 The cartoon is an adaptation of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol", starring Scrooge McDuck as Ebenezer Scrooge.
 Many other Disney characters, primarily from the Mickey Mouse universe, "Robin Hood", and "The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad", were cast throughout the film.
Once Upon a Mouse is a 1981 American theatrical featurette directed by Jerry Kramer and Gary Rocklen, produced in association with Walt Disney Productions by Kramer/Rocklen Studios.
 It was released on July 10, 1981 on a double bill with "The Fox and the Hound.
"Simple Things" is a song co-written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Jim Brickman.
 It was released in August 2001 as the lead single from the album of the same name.
 Brickman performed the song with Rebecca Lynn Howard and was also written by Brickman along with Darrell Brown and Beth Nielsen Chapman.
 The single was Brickman's eleventh chart release on the Adult Contemporary chart and his first number one.
 "Simple Things" spent one week at number one, but failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Simple Things Remixes is a remix album by Zero 7, released only in the United States.
 It features mixes of tracks from their first album, "Simple Things" and an enhanced music video for the 2001 single "Destiny".
The Steamroller and the Violin (Russian: Каток и скрипка , translit.
 "Katok i skripka"), is a 1961 featurette directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and from a screenplay written by Andrei Konchalovsky and Andrei Tarkovsky.
 The film tells the story of the unlikely friendship of Sasha (Igor Fomchenko), a little boy, and Sergey (Vladimir Zamansky), the operator of a steamroller.
 The film was Tarkovsky's diploma film at the State Institute of Cinematography (VGIK), but was made at the Mosfilm studio.
