The Pacific Northwest Museum of Motorcycling, founded in 1994, is a virtual motorcycle museum headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
 In the mid-1990s it had a physical location at Rainier Square in Seattle.
 The museum preserves history of motorcycling in the Pacific Northwest, and has sponsored motorcycle exhibits such as the 2014 Marymount Museum show hosted by LeMay Family Collection Foundation.
 The museum holds over 6,000 photographs documenting motorcycling in the Pacific Northwest.
The Kansas Motorcycle Museum is a historic motorcycle museum in Marquette, Kansas on the southeast corner of Washington (the main street) and Third Street in downtown Marquette.
Don Emde (born February 16, 1951 in San Diego, California) is an American motorcycle racer, author and publisher.
 In 1972 he won the Daytona 200 motorcycle race.
 In 1999, he was inducted to the American Motorcyclist Association's Motorcycle Hall of Fame, and in 2011 was inducted to the Sturgis Motorcycle Museum & Hall of Fame.
Legends of Harley Drag Racing Museum is a museum located on the second floor of the Harley-Davidson dealership in Raleigh, North Carolina.
 The museum was created by motorcycle drag racing champion, designer and Sturgis Motorcycle Museum & Hall of Fame inductee Ray Price and features displays of drag racing motorcycles along with memorabilia from multiple riders including Price.
 It is the only Harley-Davidson drag racing museum in the world.
Sturgis Motorcycle Museum & Hall of Fame is a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving the history of motorcycling while honoring the heritage of the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in Sturgis, South Dakota.
 The museum's doors officially opened in June 2001.
 The museum's first location was an old church renovated with extensive help from community groups including the museum’s Board of Directors, the Jackpine Gypsies Motorcycle Club, local students and other volunteers from the Sturgis community.
Transport World is an Invercargill, New Zealand organisation that invests in tourism in Southland.
 So far they have four products: Bill Richardson Transport World, Classic Motorcycle Mecca, The Lodges At Transport World and Dig This Invercargill and have a restaurant and cafe on both Bill Richardson Transport World and Classic Motorcycle Mecca sites.
 The Grille Cafe is located at Bill Richardson Transport World at 491 Tay Street.
 Meccaspresso Cafe is located at Classic Motorcycle Mecca at 25 Tay Street.
 Bill Richardson Transport World and Classic Motorcycle Mecca are transport displays, The Lodges At Transport World are boutique apartment accommodation and Dig This Invercargill is an attraction that allows anyone to operate diggers and heavy construction equipment in a safe and controlled environment.
The National Motorcycle Museum located at 102 Chamber Drive in Anamosa, Iowa is a non-profit museum, founded in 1989 by motorcycle builders, racers, and riders.
 Its purpose to maintain the experience of bikes past and present as well as motorcycle memorabilia, documents and actual vintage bikes from as far back as 1903.
 It was named Iowa Tourism Attraction of the Year in 2001.
Laconia Motorcycle Week is a motorcycle rally held annually in June in Laconia, New Hampshire, USA.
 The rally has its origin in the Loudon Classic motorcycle race started in 1923 and the Gypsy tour, where many motorcyclists passed through Laconia.
 Events were scheduled, including races, shows and a motorcycle hill climb competition.
The Irbit State Motorcycle Museum was created as a State Museum of the Russian Federation to protect the former IMZ Factory Museum from sale and dispersal.
 The museum was officially opened on June 25, 2004 as the Irbit Motorcycle Museum.
 The keystone of the museum was the collection of the Design Department of the IMZ factory acquired by local authorities in 2002.
 It is temporarily housed in a building at 100a Ulitsa Soviestskaya, in Irbit, while a permanent home is built in Ulitsa Lenina.
 It received the status of a State Museum of the Russian Federation on January 1, 2006.
 The museum contains an extensive collection of production, racing and prototype bikes from the IMZ-Ural Factory as well as many foreign models from a wide range of manufacturers.
 The collection is unique in its display of the development of the Russian heavy motorcycle.
The Cyprus Classic Motorcycle Museum is a museum in Nicosia, the capital of Cyprus, dedicated to the history of motorcycles between 1914 and 1983.
