Ovidius University of Constanta is a public higher education institution in Constanţa, Romania founded in 1961 as a Pedagogical Institute and transformed into a comprehensive university in 1990.
 As the Charter of the university states, the Pedagogical Institute was founded by Order of the Ministry of Education no. 654 of 1961, comprising four faculties.
 By State Council Decree no. 209 of 1977 the institute became a Higher Education Institute and reorganized.
 By Government Decision 209 of 1990 the institute became a university and, a year later, by Order of the Ministry of Education and Science no. 4894 of 1991 the university was given the present name.
Government degree colleges in India are public-sector educational institutes managed mainly through rule and regulations of government accompanied by University Grants Commission (India) (UGC).
 Education in India has been categorized into elementary, secondary and higher education.
 The aim behind the formation of the government degree colleges is to provide higher education to undergraduates, postgraduates and doctoral research scholars in various streams and courses recognized by UGC of India.
 Presently, the standards have been set up for the classifications of the institutes in 2 (f) and 12 (b) category, which is certified by the UGC, New Delhi to maintain the excellence in higher education.
 The government degree colleges are fully managed by government, either central or at state level, and affiliated to the universities for course structures.
 Moreover, the government degree college as the institute of higher education, are administered and controlled by the principal who serves as the head.
 Teachers (Assistant Professor, Associate Professor, and Professor) are appointed through Public Service Commissions (a government body under the articles from 315-323 of the Constitution of India) of central and state governments.
 The teachers appointed through the public service commissions are government servants with Group A post and are gazetted in nature.
 Education is the matter of concurrent lists in India; the government from the centre or from the states has the right to formulate law on higher education.
The higher education bubble in the United States is a claim that excessive investment in higher education could have negative repercussions in the broader economy.
 According to the claim generally associated with fiscal conservatives while college tuition payments are rising, the supply of college graduates in many fields of study is exceeding the demand for their skills, which aggravates graduate unemployment and underemployment, which in turn increases the burden of student loan defaults on financial institutions and taxpayers. Also, some claim that employers have responded to the oversupply of graduates by raising the academic requirements of many occupations higher than is really necessary to perform the work.
 The claim has generally been used to justify cuts to public higher education spending, tax cuts, or a shift of government spending towards the criminal justice system and the Department of Defense.
The California State University (Cal State or CSU) is a public university system in California.
 With 23 campuses and eight off-campus centers enrolling 478,638 students with 24,405 faculty and 23,012 staff, CSU describes itself the largest four-year public university system in the United States.
 It is one of three public higher education systems in the state, with the other two being the University of California system and the California Community Colleges System.
 The CSU System is incorporated as The Trustees of the California State University.
 The California State University system headquarters are at 401 Golden Shore in Long Beach, California.
The Tennessee Higher Education Commission (THEC) was established by the Tennessee General Assembly in 1967 to coordinate and support the efforts of higher education institutions in the State of Tennessee.
 One of its statutory requirements is to create a master plan for developing public higher education in Tennessee.
The San Diego Community College District (SDCCD) is a public community college district in the city of San Diego, California.
 The district is one of the five community college districts in San Diego County; part of the greater California Community College system.
 Under the California Master Plan for Higher Education, the California Community College system is a part of the state's three-tier public higher education system, which also includes the University of California system and California State University system.
The University of California (UC) is a public university system in the U.S. state of California.
 Under the California Master Plan for Higher Education, the University of California is a part of the state's three-system public higher education plan, which also include the California State University system and the California Community Colleges System.
Established in 1946, Gansu Agricultural University is a non-profit public higher education institution located in the small city of Lanzhou (population range of 250,000-499,999 inhabitants), Gansu.
 Officially accredited/recognized by the Department of Education, Gansu Province, Gansu Agricultural University (GAU) is a large (enrollment range: 15,000-19,999 students) coeducational higher education institution.
 Gansu Agricultural University (GAU) offers courses and programs leading to officially recognized higher education degrees such as bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, doctorate degrees in several areas of study.
 It is also one of the university on the first list of China's Excellent Agricultural and Forestal Personnel Training Project.
 This 70 years old HE institution has a selective admission policy based on entrance examinations.
 GAU also provides several academic and non-academic facilities and services to students including a library, sport facilities and/or activities, as well as administrative services.
Universities in Hungary have generally been instituted by Act of Parliament under the Higher Education Act.
 For new public universities and private universities, approval is required from the Ministry of responsible for the education and later from the Hungarian National Assembly.
 The Hungarian public higher education system includes universities and other higher education institutes, that provide both education curricula and related degrees up to doctoral degree and also contribute to research activities.
 In general, public Hungarian universities don't charge tuition fees.
Higher education in Pakistan is the systematic process of students continuing their education beyond secondary school, learned societies, and two-year colleges.
 The governance of higher education is maintained under the Higher Education Commission (HEC) which oversees the financial funding, research outputs, and teaching quality in the country.
 In Pakistan, the higher education system includes the public, private, military, and vocational universities, all accredited by the HEC.
 Since independence, new universities have expanded throughout the country with support provided by the University Grants Commission (UGC), which had been an autonomous institution of recognizing universities until 2002 when it was preceded by the HEC.
 Pakistan produces about 445,000 university graduates and 10,000 computer science graduates annually.
 A number of institutions of higher learning are active in the country, but the HEC recognizes 183 institutions.
 This article provides a comprehensive list of higher education institutions active in Pakistan.
