The Mercy is an upcoming British biographical drama film, directed by James Marsh and written by Scott Z. Burns.
 It is based on the true story of the disastrous attempt by the amateur sailor Donald Crowhurst to complete the "Sunday Times" Golden Globe Race in 1968 and his subsequent attempts to cover up his failure.
 The film stars Colin Firth, Rachel Weisz, David Thewlis, Ken Stott, and Jonathan Bailey.
 Principal photography began in the UK on 20 May 2015.
The Hour of the Pig is a 1993 British/French film by writer/director Leslie Megahey, produced by the BBC.
 The film stars Colin Firth, Ian Holm, Donald Pleasence, Nicol Williamson, Jim Carter and Amina Annabi.
 It was released in the United States as The Advocate.
 The film is usually categorised as a drama, although it could also be classified as a mystery or a black comedy.
Arthur Newman (stylized as Arthur & Mike in the United Kingdom) is a 2012 American dramatic comedy film directed by Dante Ariola and starring Colin Firth and Emily Blunt.
 Written by Becky Johnston, the film is about a former professional golfer who fakes his own death and assumes a new identity in order to escape his life of failure.
 On his way to a new job in the Midwest, he is joined by a troubled young woman who is also trying to escape from her past.
 The film was released theatrically in the United States on April 26, 2013.
Devil's Knot is a 2013 American biographical crime film directed by Atom Egoyan.
 The film is based on a true story as told in Mara Leveritt's 2002 book of the same name, concerning three teenagers known as the West Memphis Three, who were convicted of killing three young boys during the Satanic ritual abuse panic.
 They were subsequently sentenced to death (Echols) and life imprisonment (Baldwin and Misskelley).
 Produced by Elizabeth Fowler, Richard Saperstein, Clark Peterson, Christopher Woodrow, and Paul Harris Boardman, the film stars Colin Firth, Reese Witherspoon, Mireille Enos, Dane DeHaan, Kevin Durand, Bruce Greenwood, Stephen Moyer, Elias Koteas, Amy Ryan, and Alessandro Nivola.
Kingsman: The Secret Service is a 2014 action spy comedy film directed and co-produced by Matthew Vaughn.
 The screenplay was written by Vaughn and Jane Goldman, based on the comic book series "Kingsman", created by Dave Gibbons and Mark Millar.
 It follows the recruitment and training of Gary "Eggsy" Unwin (Taron Egerton), into a secret spy organisation.
 Eggsy joins a mission to tackle a global threat from Richmond Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson), a wealthy megalomaniac.
 The film also stars Colin Firth, Mark Strong, and Michael Caine.
Genius is a 2016 British-American biographical drama film directed by Michael Grandage and written by John Logan, based on the 1978 National Book Award-winner "Max Perkins: Editor of Genius" by A. Scott Berg.
 The film stars Colin Firth, Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, Dominic West, and Guy Pearce.
 It was selected to compete for the Golden Bear at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival.
Magic in the Moonlight is a 2014 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen.
 It is Allen's 44th film.
 The film stars Colin Firth, Emma Stone, Hamish Linklater, Marcia Gay Harden, Jacki Weaver, Erica Leerhsen, Eileen Atkins, and Simon McBurney.
 Set in the 1920s on the French Riviera, the film was released on July 25, 2014, by Sony Pictures Classics.
 "Magic in the Moonlight" received a generally mixed reception.
 Critics praised the performances of Firth and Stone, but found its writing formulaic.
Kingsman is a British-American media franchise focused on the fictional organisation "Kingsman", which originally appeared in a UK-made spy action-comedy comic book series written by Mark Millar and Dave Gibbons, colored by Angus McKie, edited by Nicole Wiley Boose, published by Icon Comics, an imprint of American published Marvel Comics.
 Volume 1 of this series, released in 2012, deals with a super-spy recruiting his young nephew to the secret service, channeling the classic James Bond films, and other spy thrillers.
 The first volume of the series was originally known simply as The Secret Service and was rebranded to tie-in with the The comic series is set in Mark Millar's shared universe, the "Millarverse"; with the celebrity kidnappings taking place in "Kingsman" Vol.
 1 being referenced in "Kick-Ass 3" #8.
 A stand-alone sequel set in both the continuity of the original comic and that of the film series, subtitled "The Big Exit", was released in the September/October 2017 issue of "Playboy Magazine", by Rob Williams with art from Ozgur Yildirim.
 The second volume of "Kingsman", subtitled "The Red Diamond", was released through Image Comics in September 2017.
 A feature film loosely based on "The Secret Service", directed by Matthew Vaughn and co-written by Jane Goldman, was released in February 2015.
 The film stars Colin Firth, Taron Egerton, Michael Caine, Samuel L. Jackson, Mark Strong, Sophie Cookson, Sofia Boutella, Jack Davenport, and Mark Hamill.
 A sequel to this film, subtitled "", was released in September 2017.
The Railway Man is a 2013 British–Australian war film directed by Jonathan Teplitzky.
 It is an adaptation of the autobiography "The Railway Man" by Eric Lomax, and stars Colin Firth, Nicole Kidman, Jeremy Irvine, and Stellan Skarsgård.
 It premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival on 6 September 2013.
A Single Man is a 2009 American drama film based on the novel of the same name by Christopher Isherwood.
 It is directed by Tom Ford in his directorial debut and stars Colin Firth, who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of George Falconer, a depressed gay British university professor living in Southern California in 1962.
