Sunderland is a small, rural unincorporated community located at the crossroads of MD 2, MD 4, MD 262, Dalrymple Road, and Pushaw Station Road in Calvert County, Maryland, approximately 5 miles south of Dunkirk, Maryland and 10 miles north of Prince Frederick, Maryland.
 Although Sunderland is not incorporated and does not have a central business district, it does have a zip code, 20689.
 However, as of November 2007, the former Sunderland post office had closed its doors due to a lease dispute without opening a new location, and postal officials are determining where to locate a new post office location.
A post office may have operated in New York City as early as 1687.
 The United States Postal Service has no information on New York's postmasters prior to the year 1775.
 The New York City Post Office is first mentioned in Hugh Finlay's journal dated 1773 which lists Alexander Colden as the postmaster of New York City.
 Other sources indicate that Colden may have served as postmaster as early as 1753.
 Postmasters are appointed by the President of the United States.
The New York Postmaster's Provisional is, as its designation implies, a postage stamp provided by the New York Post Office to facilitate the prepayment of mail at a time when the United States had not yet issued postage stamps for national use.
 Placed on sale on July 14, 1845, this was the nation’s first provisional stamp to be issued by a local post office in response to the congressional postal reform act that had taken effect two weeks earlier.
 That law, passed on March 3, 1845, standardized nationwide mail rates, with the result that the use of stamps became a practical and reliable method of postal prepayment.
 (Before standardization, the many different postal rates in different jurisdictions had made fees too unpredictable to prepay all letters with stamps as a matter of course, with the result that recipients of letters--rather than senders--generally paid the postage on them.)
 Baltimore announced the issue of a provisional stamp one day after New York, on July 15, and New Haven soon followed.
 The New York issue has been cited as "the most elegantly executed and widely used of the group of provisionals issued by eleven different [U. S. post] offices between 1845 and 1847."
Owney (ca. 1887 – June 11, 1897), was a stray Border terrier adopted as the first unofficial postal mascot by the Albany, New York, post office about 1888.
 The Albany mail professionals recommended the dog to their Railway Mail Service colleagues, and he became a nationwide mascot for 9 years (1888–97).
 He traveled throughout the 48 contiguous United States and voyaged around the world traveling over 140,000 miles in his lifetime as a mascot of the Railway Post Office and the United States Postal Service.
 He is best known for being the subject of commemorative activities, including a 2011 U.S. postage stamp.
Cottekill is a small hamlet in the northwest part of the Town of Rosendale, Ulster county, New York in the United States.
 Located in the Rondout Valley, it is approximately 2.25 miles east of the hamlet of Stone Ridge, 2.5 miles northwest of Rosendale Village, 8.75 miles south of the city of Kingston and 10.9 miles north of the village of New Paltz.
 As of 2014, the population was listed at 451.
 It features a Post Office (12419) and its own fire department.
 The Brookside School, a private school for children with developmental disabilities is located here as well as the Sustainable Living Resource Center, a project of Sustainable Hudson Valley.
 SUNY Ulster, a Community College, is nearby in Stone Ridge.
 There is also the Marbletown-Rosendale Rail Trail, curving along the old New York, Ontario and Western Railway tracks, paralleling Lucas Avenue.
 It starts at Leggett Road, crosses the Cottekill Creek on a wooden footbridge and travels north to Cottekill Road, past the Cottekill Fire House.
 It continues north from the firehouse, along the O & W path, crosses Marcott Road and comes out on Route 209.
The London Penny Post was a premier postal system whose function was to deliver mail within London and its immediate suburbs for the modest sum of one penny.
 The Penny Post was established in 1680 by William Dockwra and his business partner, Robert Murray.
 Dockwra was a merchant and a member of the Armourer and Brasiers Livery Company and was appointed a Customs Under-Searcher for the Port of London in 1663.
 Murray would later become clerk in the excise office of the Penny Post.
 The London Penny Post mail service was launched with weeks of publicity preceding it on 27 March 1680.
 The new London Penny Post provided the city of London with a much needed inter-city mail delivery system.
 The new Penny Post was influential in establishing a model system and pattern for the various Provincial English Penny Posts in the years that followed.
 It was the first postal system to use hand-stamps to postmark the mail to indicate the place and time of the mailing and that its postage had been prepaid.
 The success of the Penny Post would also threaten the interests of the Duke of York who profited directly from the existing general post office.
 It also compromised the business interests of porters and private couriers.
 The Penny Post was also involved in publishing various criticisms towards the British monarchy, the Duke of York in particular, which ultimately led to the take over of the Penny Post by crown authorities.
 The earliest known Penny Post postmark is dated 13 December 1680 and is considered by some to be the world's first postage 'stamp'.
United States Post Office–Bronx Central Annex is a historic post office building located at the Bronx, New York, United States.
 The four-story structure was built from 1935 to 1937, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and as a New York City Landmark.
 Additional landmark status was granted to the interior, which includes a notable series of New Deal-era murals in fresco created in 1939 by Ben Shahn and Bernarda Bryson Shahn for the Treasury Department Art Project's Section of Fine Arts.
 The building was sold in 2014 and is being transformed into retail, postal service, office and restaurant space.
Last Chance is an unincorporated community in Washington County, Colorado, United States.
 Last Chance is situated at the intersection of U.S. Highway 36 and State Highway 71 in a sparsely populated area of eastern Colorado.
 The town was supposedly so named because it was once the only place for travelers to secure fuel and provisions for many miles in any direction.
 The U.S. Post Office at Woodrow (ZIP Code 80757) now serves Last Chance postal addresses.
Randolph is a small, historically Black populated place in Pinal County, Arizona, located about 15 miles north of Picacho, and near Casa Grande.
 The community was named after Epes Randolph, a vice-president and general manager of the Southern Pacific Railroad, who founded the town in the early 1920s.
 Randolph wanted to establish a successful city near Casa Grande.
 On July 18, 1925, the Randolph Post Office opened, with Channing E. Babbitt as its postmaster.
 With the increased need for agricultural workers which arose in the late 1920s, hundreds of farm workers migrated to the area in the 1930s.
 Many of those who settled in Randolph were black migrants from Oklahoma.
 This influx created a community which was predominately Black.
 The post office closed in 1983.
 Today, Randolph is one of the few Black towns which exist in the United States.
US Post Office—Geneva is a historic post office building located at Geneva in Ontario County, New York.
 It is a symmetrically massed one story structure faced with red brick and trimmed in limestone.
 It was constructed in 1905-1906 and is the first post office constructed in New York state in the Colonial Revival style.
 It is one of 13 post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under James Knox Taylor.
 The entrance portico features four Doric columns supporting a full Doric entabulature and pediment with an oculus in its tympanum.
 The interior features a mural titled "The Vineyard" by Peter Blume and installed in 1942.
