Thirteen at Dinner is a 1985 British-American made-for-television mystery film featuring the Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
 Adapted by Rod Browning from the Agatha Christie novel "Lord Edgware Dies", it was directed by Lou Antonio and starred Peter Ustinov, Faye Dunaway, Jonathan Cecil, Diane Keen and Bill Nighy.
 David Suchet, later to play Poirot in the long-running television series entitled "Agatha Christie's Poirot", played the role of Inspector Japp.
 Suchet considers his performance as Japp to be "possibly the worst performance of [his] career."
The Agatha Christie Award (アガサ・クリスティー賞 ) is a Japanese literary award established in 2010 in commemoration of the 120th anniversary of Agatha Christie's birth.
 The award is presented by Hayakawa Publishing Corporation in association with the Agatha Christie Society, which is chaired by Mathew Pritchard, the grandson of Agatha Christie.
The Body in the Library is a 1984 television film adaptation of Agatha Christie's 1942 detective novel "The Body in the Library", which was co-produced by the BBC and the A&E Network.
 The film uses an adapted screenplay by T. R. Bowen and was directed by Silvio Narizzano.
 Starring Joan Hickson in the title role, it was the first film presented in the British television series "Miss Marple" and premiered in three parts from 26 to 28 December 1984 on BBC One.
 In the United States the film was first broadcast on 4 January 1986 as a part of PBS's "Mystery!
".
 In his review in "The New York Times", critic John J. O'Connor wrote: "Miss Christie would no doubt approve of Joan Hickson, the veteran British character actress who plays Miss Marple... This BBC/Arts & Entertainment co-production offers an especially good example of Agatha Christie in adaptation.
 The characters are nicely realized and the suspense holds.
 Miss Hickson is lovely, neither as awesome as Miss Rutherford nor as overly cute as Helen Hayes.
 And the supporting cast is admirable, particularly Gwen Watford as Dolly and David Horovitch as Inspector Slack.
 As someone notes about the case, 'you'll have to admit it has all the bizarre elements of a cheap thriller.'
 Once hooked, you won't be able to turn it off."
Agatha Christie's Marple is a British ITV television series based on the Miss Marple and other murder mystery novels by Agatha Christie.
 It is also known as Marple.
 The title character was played by Geraldine McEwan from the first to third series, until her retirement from the role.
 She was replaced by Julia McKenzie from the fourth series onwards.
 The first six episodes were all adaptations of "Miss Marple" novels by Christie.
 Subsequent episodes were derived both from works featuring Miss Marple but also Christie novels that did not feature the character.
Archibald “Archie” Christie, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'CMG, DSO', '4': "} (30 September 1889 – 20 December 1962) was a British businessman and military officer.
 He was the first husband of mystery writer Dame Agatha Christie.
 They wed in 1914 and divorced in 1928.
 During that period Agatha wrote some of the most renowned detective novels.
 They separated in 1927 after a major rift due to his infidelity and obtained a divorce the following year.
 Shortly after this, Christie married Nancy Neele, and the couple lived quietly for the rest of their lives.
 Christie became a successful businessman and was invited to be on the boards of several major companies.
The "Agatha Christie" series is a series of adventure games developed by AWE Games and published by The Adventure Company and DreamCatcher Interactive, based on the works of the English mystery writer Agatha Christie.
Star Over Bethlehem is an illustrated book of poetry and short stories on a religious theme by crime writer Agatha Christie.
 It was published under the name "Agatha Christie Mallowan" (whose only other book to be published under this by-line was the 1946 short autobiography "Come, Tell Me How You Live").
 It was published in the UK by Collins on 1 November 1965 in an edition priced at thirteen shillings and sixpence (13/6) and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in an edition retailing at $4.95.
The Agatha Christie Memorial is a memorial to author and playwright Agatha Christie, located at the intersection of Cranbourn Street and Great Newport Street by St Martin's Cross near Covent Garden, in London, United Kingdom.
 It is located in the heart of London's theatre district.
 This was chosen to pay homage to Christie's contribution to theatre: her murder mystery play "The Mousetrap" is the world's longest-running show, and she was the first female playwright to have three plays performing simultaneously in the West End.
Agatha Christie: Evil Under the Sun is a video game released for the PC and Nintendo Wii, and is the third installment of The Adventure Company's "Agatha Christie" series, developed by AWE Productions, based on Agatha Christie's novel "Evil Under the Sun".
 The PC version was released in 2007, and the Wii version one year later.
Verdict is a 1958 play by British mystery writer Agatha Christie.
 It is unusual for Agatha Christie plays in more than one way: for example, it is an original play, not based on a story or novel; and though there is a murder in the story, it is a melodrama more than a typical 'whodunnit' mystery as the murder takes place on stage.
