Count Ferenc Nádasdy de Nádasd et Fogarasföld (6 October 1555 – 4 January 1604) was a Hungarian nobleman.
 His family, Nádasdy, was one of the wealthiest and most influential of the era in Hungary.
 In 1571, when Ferenc was 16, his mother, Orsolya Nádasdy (née Kanizsay), using her association with many noble families in Hungary, organized a marriage to the young Elizabeth Báthory (or Hungarian: Báthory Erzsébet), daughter of the Count György and Anna Báthory.
 The Báthory family were as rich and illustrious as the Nádasdy family, though older and more influential, since they had several relatives who had the charge of Nádor (palatine) of Hungary.
 Among them, included a cardinal, a King of Lithuania-Poland, and a Prince of Transylvania.
August R. Lindt (born 5 August 1905 in Bern, died 14 April 2000 in Bern), also known as Auguste R. Lindt, was a Swiss lawyer and diplomat.
 He served as Chairman of UNICEF from 1953 to 1954 and as United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees from 1956 to 1960.
Łabędź (Polish for "Swan") is a Polish coat of arms.
 It was used by many noble families known as "szlachta" in Polish in medieval Poland and later under the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, branches of the original medieval Duninowie ("Łabędzie") family as well as families connected with the Clan by adoption.
Kalinowa - is a Polish coat of arms that was used by many noble families in medieval Poland and later under the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Bengal Institute of Technology & Management (BITM) is a private engineering college adjacent to Santiniketan in the state of West Bengal, India.
 The Institute is situated a few kilometers from the erudite and scholarly hamlet of Santiniketan, which has produced two of India's eminent Noble Prizes winners.
 It is affiliated to West Bengal University of Technology and is approved by the AICTE.
 The college is accredited by NAAC.
Drzewica - is a Polish coat of arms that was used by many noble families in medieval Poland and later under the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
The Lords of Falkenstein in the Höllental (German: "Herren von Falkenstein im Höllental" ) already so-called in von Knobloch's Upper Baden Family Book ("Oberbadischem Geschlechterbuch") of 1898 to 1919, had its main family seat at Falkenstein Castle on a steep hill spur where the narrow Höllental valley opened up into the broad Dreisam valley.
 The name Falkenstein was borne by many noble families; Kindler of Knobloch counted six in the Upper Baden region alone: "im Höllenthale", "auf dem Schwarzwalde", "zu Rimsingen", "am Bodensee", "im Buchsgau", "im Wasgau".
Odrowąż is a Polish coat of arms of probably Moravian origin.
 It was used by many noble families known as "szlachta" in Polish in medieval Poland and later under the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, branches of the original medieval Odrowążowie family as well as families connected with the Clan by adoption.
Among the independent Albanian principals, which flourished after the middle of the nineteenth century,the most important was that of the Balshaj family originating from the nearby Balz in Shkodra city.
 During the Serbian invasion , the name of this family remains in the dark.
 Yet there is reason to suppose that Balshaj was one of many noble Albanian doors,expropriated and mistreated of this area.However, after the mid-nineteenth century, the three Balshaj brothers, Strazimiri, Gjergji I and Balsha II, set this family at the forefront of Albania's state-building process , utilizing the convenient moment that followed the death of car Stefan Dushan.
 With the dissolution of his Empire, the Balshaj brothers were working to turn Genta, like the former Diocletian, into an independent state from the Serbian kingdom.For this purpose, they cut off any connection with the new Serbian czar yard, Stefan Urosh, who considered Balshaj as "rebellious" and treated them as his controversial opponents.
Łodzia (obsolete Polish for "boat") is a Polish coat of arms.
 It was used by many noble families of the Kingdom of Poland and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
 A variant serves as the coat of arms of the city of Łódź (the city's name literally means "Boat").
 It's a classic example of the so-called "canting arms" well known in European heraldry as it was borne by the medieval lords de Łodzia (a feudal lordship) and their clan.
 Hence the boat in the shield, clearly alluding to the estate's name literally meaning "Boat(town)".
 Also some unrelated families would bear it who were either legally adopted into the clan by its bloodline members or misattributed to the clan by error or usurpation.
