Baiae (Italian: "Baia" ; Neapolitan: "Baia" ) was an ancient Roman town situated on the northwest shore of the Gulf of Naples, and now in the "comune" of Bacoli.
 It was a fashionable resort for centuries in antiquity, particularly towards the end of the Roman Republic, when it was reckoned as superior to Pompeii, Herculaneum, and Capri by the super-rich who built luxurious villas here.
 It was notorious for its hedonistic offerings and the attendant rumours of corruption and scandal.
 It later formed part of Port Julius, the base of the western fleet of the Imperial Roman Navy.
 It was deserted and its ruins largely submerged by local volcanic activity by the time of the Renaissance.
Fen Causeway or the Fen Road is the modern name for a Roman road of England that runs between Denver, Norfolk in the east and Peterborough in the west.
 Its path covers 24 mi , passing March and Eldernell (near Whittlesey) before joining the major Roman north-south route Ermine Street west of modern-day Peterborough.
 It provided a link from the north and west of England to East Anglia.
The Ermine Street Guard is a British classical reenactment and living history society, founded in 1972.
 Its main objective is to study and display weapons, tactics and equipment of the Roman army of the first Century AD.
 It was named after Ermine Street, a major Roman road from London to Lincoln and York.
Fenny Drayton (formerly "Drayton-in-the-Clay") is a village in Leicestershire, England, in the district of Hinckley and Bosworth.
 The population of the village is included in the civil parish  of Witherley.
 It is near to the county border of Warwickshire and has a Coventry postcode.
 The village is just off the A444 road, an old Roman road, north of Nuneaton close to its crossroads with the A5 (the Roman road called Watling Street).
 The hamlet is also crossed by another Roman road, and is found at the end of the scenic country lane of the Fenn Lanes.
 It is four miles from the village of Stoke Golding, where King Henry VII was crowned immediately after the Battle of Bosworth in 1485.
 The reinterment of King Richard III mortal remains on 21 March 2015 started along the Fenn Lanes near to the village of Fenny Drayton.
Old North Road was a railway station on the Varsity Line which served the small village of Longstowe near Bourn in Cambridgeshire.
 As its name suggests, the station was located on the eastern side of the Old North Road, the A1198 road - a major Roman road which linked London with Lincoln.
 Opened in 1862, the station was located in a rural area and saw little passenger traffic; it closed together with the line in 1968.
Akeman Street was a major Roman road in England that linked Watling Street with the Fosse Way.
 Its junction with Watling Street was just north of Verulamium (near modern St Albans) and that with the Fosse Way was at Corinium Dobunnorum (now Cirencester).
 Its course passes through towns and villages including Hemel Hempstead, Berkhamsted, Tring, Aylesbury, Alchester (outside modern Bicester), Chesterton, Kirtlington, Ramsden and Asthall.
In the Roman period there was an important settlement ("vicus") on the territory of the present-day village of Elewijt (part of Zemst, Flemish Brabant, Belgium).
 It was located at the junction of a secondary road ("deverticulum") with the major Roman road between Tongeren and Boulogne.
 In the early first century, a temporary military camp was built and not much later a village started to develop.
 At the end of the second century, the village was ravaged by Germanic tribes, after which it was slowly rebuilt with a completely different ground plan.
 The vicus continued to exist as a village until the late third century, but did not recover from a second heavy attack at the end of this period.
 The present-day village of Elewijt developed half a mile south of the center of the vicus and cannot be seen as its successor.
The Stanegate, or "stone road" (Old Norse), was an important Roman road built in what is now northern England.
 It linked two forts that guarded important river crossings; Corstopitum (Corbridge) in the east, situated on Dere Street, and Luguvalium (Carlisle) in the west.
 The Stanegate ran through the natural gap formed by the valleys of the Tyne and Irthing.
 It predated Hadrian's Wall by several decades; the Wall would later follow a similar route, slightly to the north.
Ermine Street is the name of a major Roman road in England that ran from London ("Londinium") to Lincoln ("Lindum Colonia") and York ("Eboracum").
 The Old English name was "Earninga Straete" (1012), named after a tribe called the "Earningas", who inhabited a district later known as "Armingford Hundred", around Arrington, Cambridgeshire and Royston, Hertfordshire.
 "Armingford", and "Arrington" share the same Old English origin.
 The original Roman name for the route is unknown.
 It is also known as the Old North Road from London to where it joins the A1 Great North Road near Godmanchester.
Via Domiziana is the modern name for the Via Domitiana in the Campania region of Italy, a major Roman road built in 95 AD under (and named for) the emperor, Domitian, to facilitate access to and from the important ports of Puteoli (modern Pozzuoli) and Portus Julius (home port of the western Imperial fleet, consisting of the waters around Baiae and Cape Misenum) in the Gulf of Naples.
 The road led up the coast and joined the Appian Way at Formiae.
 It was damaged by Alaric in 420 AD and ultimately destroyed by Gaiseric in 455 AD.
 It was partially restored under various rulers of the Kingdom of Naples in the Middle Ages and in its modern guise is a major coast road leading north from Naples.
 The "via Domitiana" is not to be confused with the similar-sounding "via Domitia" in France.
