The Dead Rabbitts are an American metalcore supergroup from Phoenix, Arizona.
 The band is a side project of Escape the Fate's lead vocalist, Craig Mabbitt and rhythm guitarist TJ Bell.
 The Dead Rabbitt's debut EP, "Edge of Reality", was released on October 19, 2012 for people who purchased the album through PledgeMusic, and October 30, 2012 in the iTunes Store.
 The band's debut album, "Shapeshifter", was released on July 1, 2014.
This War Is Ours is the second album by American rock band Escape the Fate.
 It is the first Escape the Fate album to feature former Blessthefall singer Craig Mabbitt on vocals.
 The album received mixed reviews from critics.
 It was produced by John Feldmann, and released on October 21, 2008 through Epitaph Records.
The Momsen lung was a primitive underwater rebreather used before and during World War II by American submariners as emergency escape gear.
 The Momsen lung was invented by Charles B. Momsen (nicknamed "Swede").
 Submariners would train in an 80 ft deep Escape Training Tank at New London, Mare Island , or Pearl Harbor using this apparatus.
 It was first introduced as standard equipment on P- ("Porpoise"-) and "Salmon"-class boats.
The Word Alive is an American metalcore band from Phoenix, Arizona.
 The band was formed by vocalist Craig Mabbitt in 2008.
 After one unreleased EP, Mabbitt was replaced by current vocalist, Telle Smith, the same year.
 They are currently signed to Fearless Records.
Craig Edward Mabbitt (born April 9, 1987) is an American singer-songwriter and recording artist.
 He is the lead vocalist for American rock band Escape the Fate.
 He was formerly the lead vocalist for the bands Blessthefall and The Word Alive.
 He is also the current lead vocalist of a side-project band, The Dead Rabbitts, along with Escape the Fate's rhythm guitarist, TJ Bell.
The World Outside is the second full-length album by Tempe, Arizonian rock band Eyes Set to Kill.
 The album was released on June 2, 2009.
 The album leaked on May 17.
 Craig Mabbitt has been confirmed to be a guest vocalist on the song "Deadly Weapons".
 Alexia Rodriguez stated that this album is "a lot darker."
Blessthefall (stylized as blessthefall or BLESSTHEFALL prior to 2013) is an American metalcore band from Scottsdale, Arizona, signed to Fearless Records.
 The band was founded in 2004 by guitarist Mike Frisby, drummer Matt Traynor, and bassist Jared Warth.
 Their debut album, "His Last Walk", with original vocalist Craig Mabbitt, was released April 10, 2007.
 Their second studio album, "Witness", with current vocalist Beau Bokan, was released October 6, 2009.
 Their third studio album, "Awakening", was released on October 4, 2011.
 Their fourth studio album, "Hollow Bodies", was released on August 20, 2013. "
To Those Left Behind" is the band's fifth full-length album, released on September 18, 2015.
Escape the Fate is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in 2005 and originally from Pahrump, Nevada.
 They are signed to Eleven Seven Music.
 The group consists of Robert Ortiz (drummer), Craig Mabbitt (lead vocalist), TJ Bell (rhythm guitarist and vocalist), Kevin "Thrasher" Gruft (lead guitarist) and touring musician Max Georgiev (bassist).
 s of 2013 , Ortiz is the last founding member in the current lineup of the group.
His Last Walk is the debut full-length album by American post-hardcore band Blessthefall, released April 10, 2007.
 It is the only release by the band to feature original vocalist, Craig Mabbitt, who would later be replaced by Beau Bokan.
 The album was released before Blessthefall started to play on the Taste of Chaos tour.
 Four singles were released for the album: "Higinia", "Guys Like You Make Us Look Bad", "A Message to the Unknown", and "Rise Up."
 The last song, "His Last Walk", features a bonus song (at the end of the same track) called "Purple Dog", which is a joke song made by the band members in which all members sing the song and clap their hands.
Escape the Fate is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in 2005 and originally from Pahrump, Nevada.
 The group consists of Robert Ortiz (drummer), Craig Mabbitt (lead vocalist), TJ Bell (rhythm guitarist, bassist and vocalist), Kevin "Thrasher" Gruft (lead guitarist, bassist, backing vocalist) and touring musician Max Georgiev (bassist).
 The group was founded by original vocalist Ronnie Radke, bassist Max Green and lead guitarist Monte Money.
 The band has had 10 official members and 5 touring members and throughout 2010-2013 had a fluctuating lineup, and has recorded 5 album with 4 different studio lineups.
