An extended play record, often referred to as an EP, is a musical recording that contains more tracks than a single, but is usually unqualified as an album or LP.
 EPs generally do not contain as many tracks as albums, and are considered "less expensive and time-consuming" for an artist to produce than an album.
 An EP originally referred to specific types of vinyl records other than 78 rpm standard play (SP) and LP, but it is now applied to mid-length CDs and downloads as well.
Darren Everett Criss (born February 5, 1987) is an American actor, singer and songwriter.
 One of the founding members and co-owners of StarKid Productions, a musical theater company based in Chicago, Criss first garnered attention playing the lead role of Harry Potter in StarKid's musical production of "A Very Potter Musical".
 The theater troupe made "Billboard" history when their original album, "Me and My Dick", became the first charting student-produced musical recording , debuting at number eleven on the Top Cast Albums chart in 2010.
Stoke Extinguisher is an EP by NOFX released on November 26, 2013 through Fat Wreck Chords.
 The EP was released as a six-song CD and a two-song 7".
 Both versions feature the new title song, "Stoke Extinguisher", as well as "The Shortest Pier", which was originally by Tony Sly and was recorded for "".
 The rest of the songs on the CD are b-sides collected from singles from the band's most recent album, "Self Entitled", although it does not include the alternate version of "She Didn't Lose Her Baby", the b-side from the "My Stepdad's a Cop and My Stepmom's a Domme" 7".
 The cover was hand painted by Jason Cruz of Strung Out.
In music, a single, record single or music single is a type of release, typically a song recording of fewer tracks than an LP record, an album or an EP record.
 This can be released for sale to the public in a variety of different formats.
 In most cases, a single is a song that is released separately from an album, although it usually also appears on an album.
 Typically, these are the songs from albums that are released separately for promotional uses such as digital download or commercial radio airplay and are expected to be the most popular.
 In other cases a recording released as a single may not appear on an album.
Son of Puke is the eighth studio album by Zoogz Rift, released in September 1987 by SST Records.
 Side one contains tape manipulations of music that had been previously recorded by Rift's band.
 The second side contains a discarded musical recording by The Transients.
 Rift discovered the recording and liked it so much that he decided it deserved to be officially released.
 It is the only known recording by the group.
Rarities 1979-1981 was the digital release by the Southern Californian punk rock band Cardiac Kidz of the vinyl LP released by Rave-Up records in 2009.
 This album, contains the 14 tracks from the vinyl LP plus unreleased tracks from the 1979 Spirit Night Club show in which the EP "Playground" showcased 4 tracks in the 1979 release.The CD also contains studio recordings that couldn't fit on the vinyl LP record.
 The Cardiac Kidz showcased their ability to cross music genres by producing music that treads over both punk rock, and new wave.
 Along with "Meet with Me", it was released on December 1, 2010 on Blindspot Records.
I Love You is the debut studio album by New Zealand musical recording artist Aaradhna released on May 8th, 2006.
 The first single "Down Time", entered the New Zealand RIANZ Singles Chart at #4 on 23 January 2006, and peaked at #3.
 The third single "I Love You Too", peaked at #5.
Strid is a Norwegian black metal band that was originally known as "Malfeitor" from 1991 to 1992.
 After releasing two demos - "Malfeitor" (in 1991) and "Pandemonium" (in 1992), they changed their name to "Battle" and there were some line up changes at the time.
 In the year of 1992 the band released the "End of Life" demo.
 The demo contains only one song which is around 11 minutes.
 The line up at the time of recording the demo was: Storm - on bass and vocals, Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm - on guitars and Jardar - on drums.
 The guitars were written by Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm (1974 - 2014).
 In 1993 the band changed the name to "Strid" which means "Battle" in Norwegian.
 That same year, Strid re-released their "End of Life" demo under their new name, through the German label "Malicious Records".
 After releasing the "End of life" demo, Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm left the band and was replaced by Ravn Harjar.
 Through the years between 1993 and 1995, the band writes and records the self-titled EP which was released through Malicious Records and contains only two songs - "Det hviskes blant sorte vinder" which means "It Is Whispered Amid the Black Winds" in Norwegian and "Nattevandring" which means "Nightwandering" in Norwegian.
 The music style and sound of this demo is more ambient/atmospheric black metal oriented.
 Mainly because of this release, the band is commonly recognised as the creators of depressive black metal along with some other bands from the second wave of black metal music.
 At this time the band line up contains: Ravn Harjar - on guitars, Storm - on bass and vocals and Jardar - on drums.
 After the releasing of the self-titled EP, there was no any official releases by the band.
 There are also bootleg releases that came out through the years like the CD from 2005 by Ars Mysteriorum and LP, each featuring both "End of Life" and the self - titled EP tracks.
 In the year of 2001 the original former member of "Malfeitor/Battle/Strid", bass player and vocalist - Storm committed suicide.
 In the year of 2007, the Greek label Kyrck Productions & Armour re-released all the previous material released by the band from the past which contains all "Malfeitor/Battle/Strid" material.
 Somewhere between 2009 and 2010 there was a reunion of the band with old members including Vicotnik (Dødheimsgard, ex-Aphrodisiac, ex-Ved Buens Ende, ex-Manes, ex-Code, ex-Naer Mataron, ex-Endwarfment).
 Another member that was part of the reunion was Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm - the main composer of the "End of Life" track.
 In 2014 Lars Fredrik Bergstrøm died.
 At this time the band line up contains Ravn Harjar - on guitars and vocals, Vicotnik - on bass and Sigmund (ex-Inflabitan, ex-Dødheimsgard) - on guitars.
 In January 2015, Ravn Harjar wrote a statement on the official Strid Facebook page that in the autumn of the year 2015 the band will start recording their first full-length album which will be titled "Endetid".
 That means "End of times" in Norwegian.
"Mindful" is a song by American musical recording artist K. Michelle from her third studio album "More Issues Than Vogue" (2016).
 It was released to the iTunes Store on February 19, 2016, by Atlantic Records as the first promotional single from the album.
 The song was written and produced by T-Pain.
Back from the Grave, Volume 7 is the seventh installment in the "Back from the Grave" series of garage rock compilations assembled by Tim Warren of Crypt Records and is available on LP and CD.
 It was originally released in 1988 as a double-LP containing 34 tracks, and has been newly re-mastered and re-issued in 2015.
 Though most of the LP's tracks had appeared on volumes 3 and 4 of the "Back from the Grave" CD-specific sub-series (released between 1996 and 2000), in 2015, it was released on CD with the re-mastered material and closely matches the song content (and album cover artwork) of the original LP (containing all but two of the cuts on the original LP) as part of an effort to bring the LP's and CD's of the series into multi-medium coherence.
 In keeping with all of the entries in the series, and as indicated in the subheading which reads "Raw Blastin' Mid 60s Punk," this collection generally excludes psychedelic, folk rock, and pop-influenced material in favor of basic primitive rock and roll, usually consisting of songs displaying the rawer and more aggressive side of the genre often characterized by the use of fuzztone-distorted guitars and rough vocals.
