The Real Bears is an anti-soft-drink advertising campaign by the Center for Science in the Public Interest, which debuted in October 2012.
 It is a parody of the Coca-Cola Company's ad campaigns depicting polar bears, in particular the "Open Happiness" ads, and was produced with the help of Alex Bogusky.
 Michael Jacobson said that the ad was "...our attempt to reposition soft drinks from a source of happiness to a major cause of disease."
 CSPI chose Bogusky to direct the ad because, they said, they had long admired his work in creating anti-tobacco ads through his agency, Crispin Porter + Bogusky.
 The song playing throughout the CSPI ad is by Jason Mraz and is entitled "Sugar."
 The ad depicts polar bears suffering from a wide variety of health problems as a result of soda consumption, such as type II diabetes and erectile dysfunction.
 In response to the ad, Coca-Cola spokeswoman Susan Stribling stated that the ad was "irresponsible and the usual grandstanding from CSPI,” and Karen Hanretty, a spokeswoman for the American Beverage Association, noted that soda consumption has decreased over the last decade or so, whereas obesity rates have still risen over the same time period, saying, "CSPI is better at producing videos than they are doing math."
 The video has over 2 million views on YouTube.
Polar Bears International (PBI) is the world's leading polar bear conservation organization.
 Their research, education, and action programs address the issues that are endangering polar bears.
 Polar Bears International is a non-profit organization that works closely with Frontiers North Adventures, a commercial tour company that operates a fleet of tundra buggies in Churchill, Manitoba, Canada.
 Other major sponsors include Canada Goose and Natural Exposures Photography.
 Their Chief Scientist is Steven Amstrup.
Canada Goose Inc. is a Canadian manufacturer of winter clothing.
 The company was founded in 1957 by Sam Tick, under the name Metro Sportswear Ltd.
 Canada Goose manufactures a wide range of jackets, parkas, vests, hats, gloves, shells and other apparel.
 Some Canada Goose jackets use coyote fur on the hoods and are often filled with down which is purchased from Hutterite farmers in rural Canada".
 Duck down is used for most models.
 The jackets retail between $600 and $1,275; the "Kensington", its best-selling women's coat, retails for approximately $745.
Mitchell Taylor, Ph.D., is a Canadian biologist specializing in polar bears who claims that Canada's polar bear population is higher now than it was 30 years ago and that polar bears are not currently threatened by climate change.
 He is currently a contract adjunct professor at Lakehead University , and he is affiliated with the Heartland Institute .
The Kermode bear ("Ursus americanus kermodei"), also known as the "spirit bear" (particularly in British Columbia), is a rare subspecies of the American black bear living in the Central and North Coast regions of British Columbia, Canada.
 It is the official provincial mammal of British Columbia.
 It is noted for about one-tenth of its population having white or cream-coloured coats like polar bears.
 This colour is due to a double recessive gene unique in the subspecies.
 They are not albinos and not any more related to polar bears or the "blonde" brown bears of Alaska's "ABC Islands" than other members of their species.
 Sometimes, a mother black bear can have a white cub.
The Phoenix Polar Bears was a USA Hockey-sanctioned Junior A Tier III ice hockey team based out of Phoenix, Arizona.
 Their host facility was the Desert Schools Coytotes Center in Chandler, Arizona.
 The Polar Bears was a member of the Western States Hockey League but vacated their membership in the league when the WSHL moved away from USA Hockey sanctioning in 2011.
Polar Bears are an indie rock band from Santa Rosa, California who currently play in and around the North Bay music scene.
 They have toured nationally with longtime friends The Velvet Teen and have done numerous West Coast tours since their inception in 2001.
 In March 2004, they released an EP, "Shorts Are for Warm", on Petaluma-based record label, Pandacide.
 More recently, in early 2007, Polar Bears self-released their full-length album, "The Future King".
 Currently this album is only available directly from the band at their live shows and from The Last Record Store in Santa Rosa, CA.
 Polar Bears are notable in the Sonoma County music scene for being one of the biggest drawing and intensely furious live bands in the area.
 Their following has steadily grown during their existence, being prominently featured in publications such as the North Bay Bohemian and Metroactive.com.
 Bands that Polar Bears have shared the stage with include: Victims Family, Cursive (band), Nomeansno, The Casket Lottery and Aloha (band).
The Agreement on the Conservation of Polar Bears is a multilateral treaty signed in Oslo, November 15, 1973, by the five nations with the largest polar bear populations: Canada, Denmark (Greenland), Norway (Svalbard), the United States, and the Soviet Union.
 This treaty was brought about due to increased hunting of polar bears during the 1960s and 1970s which led to polar bears being under severe survival pressure from hunters.
Ian Grote Stirling {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born September 26, 1941) is a research scientist emeritus with Environment and Climate Change Canada and an adjunct professor in the University of Alberta Department of Biological Sciences.
 His research has focused mostly on Arctic and Antarctic zoology and ecology, and he is one of the world's top authorities on polar bears. Stirling has written five books and more than 150 articles published in peer-reviewed scientific journals.
 He has written and spoken extensively about the danger posed to polar bears by global warming.
The polar bear ("Ursus maritimus") is a carnivorous bear whose native range lies largely within the Arctic Circle, encompassing the Arctic Ocean, its surrounding seas and surrounding land masses.
 It is a large bear, approximately the same size as the omnivorous Kodiak bear ("Ursus arctos middendorffi").
 A boar (adult male) weighs around 350 – , while a sow (adult female) is about half that size.
 Although it is the sister species of the brown bear, it has evolved to occupy a narrower ecological niche, with many body characteristics adapted for cold temperatures, for moving across snow, ice and open water, and for hunting seals, which make up most of its diet.
 Although most polar bears are born on land, they spend most of their time on the sea ice.
 Their scientific name means "maritime bear" and derives from this fact.
 Polar bears hunt their preferred food of seals from the edge of sea ice, often living off fat reserves when no sea ice is present.
 Because of their dependence on the sea ice, polar bears are classified as marine mammals.
