Creature from the Black Lagoon is a pinball machine designed by John Trudeau ("Dr. Flash") and released by Midway (under the "Bally" brand name).
 It is loosely based on the movie of the same name.
 The game's theme is 1950's drive-in theater.
 The pinball machine was licensed from Universal Studios by Bally so that the backglass artwork, the cabinet artwork, and the creature looked like the original movie actors and monsters.
Gill-man—commonly called The Creature—is the lead antagonist of the 1954 black-and-white science fiction film "Creature from the Black Lagoon" and its two sequels "Revenge of the Creature" (1955) and "The Creature Walks Among Us" (1956).
Eucritta melanolimnetes ("the true creature from the black lagoon") is an extinct stem-tetrapod of the extinct genus Eucritta from the Viséan epoch in the Carboniferous period of Scotland.
 Its name is a homage to the 1954 sci-fi/horror movie "Creature from the Black Lagoon".
Richard Denning (March 27, 1914 – October 11, 1998) was an American actor best known for starring in science fiction films of the 1950s, including "Unknown Island" (1948), "Creature from the Black Lagoon" (1954), "Target Earth" (1954), "Day the World Ended" (1955), "Creature with the Atom Brain" (1955), and "The Black Scorpion" (1957).
 Denning also appeared in the film "An Affair to Remember" (1957) with Cary Grant and on radio with Lucille Ball, as George and Liz Cooper, in "My Favorite Husband" (1948–1951), the forerunner of television's "I Love Lucy".
 His character's name on CBS Radio's "My Favorite Husband" was changed from George Cugat to George Cooper later in 1948.
 A television version of "My Favorite Husband" (1953-1955) was broadcast on CBS for two seasons during the tenure of "I Love Lucy".
Creature from the Haunted Sea is a 1961 horror comedy film directed by Roger Corman.
 Written by Charles B. Griffith, the film is a parody of spy, gangster, and monster movies (mostly "Creature from the Black Lagoon"), concerning a secret agent, XK150 (played by Robert Towne under the pseudonym "Edward Wain"), who goes under the code name "Sparks Moran" in order to infiltrate a criminal gang led by Renzo Capetto (Antony Carbone), who is trying to transport a colonel, a group of exiled Cuban nationals, and a large portion of the Cuban treasury out of the country.
"Black Lagoon" is an anime series adapted from the titular manga series by Rei Hiroe.
 Directed by Sunao Katabuchi and produced by Madhouse, it consists of two seasons produced for television, and one in original video animation format.
 The two seasons, each twelve episodes in length, are titled "Black Lagoon"— which was co-produced by Shogakukan—and "Black Lagoon: The Second Barrage".
 The OVA, titled "Black Lagoon: Roberta's Blood Trail", consists of only five episodes.
 The series follows the adventures of Rokuro "Rock" Okajima, a Japanese businessman who is abducted by, and eventually joins a group of outlaws known as the "Lagoon Company".
Revenge of the Creature (also known as Return of the Creature and Return of the Creature from the Black Lagoon) is the first sequel to "Creature from the Black Lagoon", being the only 3-D film released in 1955 and the only 3-D sequel to a 3-D film released during "the golden age of 3-D".
 Directed by Jack Arnold, the film stars John Agar and Lori Nelson.
 This was Clint Eastwood's film debut.
Don Megowan (May 24, 1922 – June 26, 1981) was an American actor.
 He played the Gill-man on land in "The Creature Walks Among Us", the final part of the "Creature from the Black Lagoon" trilogy.
The Creature Walks Among Us, released in 1956, is the third and final installment of the "Creature from the Black Lagoon" horror film series from Universal Pictures, following 1955's "Revenge of the Creature".
 The film was directed by John Sherwood, the long-time Universal-International assistant director, in his directorial debut.
 Jack Arnold, who had directed the first two films in the series, had moved on to "A-list" films, and felt he had no more to contribute to the horror genre.
 He suggested that his assistant director, Sherwood, could move up to full director, which partly affected Universal's decision to allow him to direct the film.
 "The Creature Walks Among Us" starred Jeff Morrow, Rex Reason, and Leigh Snowden, and, like the original "Creature from the Black Lagoon", had music composed by Henry Mancini, who at the time was under contract with Universal.
Ricou Browning (born November 23, 1930) is an American film director, actor, producer, screenwriter, underwater cinematographer and stuntman.
 He is best known for his underwater stunt work, playing the Gill-man in "Creature from the Black Lagoon", "Revenge of the Creature" and "The Creature Walks Among Us".
 Other actors portrayed the creature on land.
 He is also the only actor to have portrayed the creature more than once.
 He is the only surviving Gill-man actor, and the last surviving original Universal Monster.
