Eisenstein is a 2000 Canadian film about Sergei Eisenstein, directed by Renny Bartlett and starring Simon McBurney, Raymond Coulthard and Jacqueline McKenzie.
 It was nominated for five Genie Awards including Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Screenplay.
Mr. Reliable is a 1996 film directed by Nadia Tass.
 It stars Colin Friels and Jacqueline McKenzie.
 It tells the true story of Wally Mellish, an ex-convict in 1960s Australia.
 Just released from prison, all he wants to do is live a quiet life with his girlfriend Beryl.
 A misunderstanding, quickly gets out of control, when two police officers pay him a visit, resulting in Wally, Beryl and her child being trapped in their house.
 Surrounded by armed police, the community is under the impression that Wally is holding everyone hostage.
 Events quickly spiral into a media circus as, through the siege, Wally - inadvertently - manages to become a symbol for the anti-war movement.
Geoffrey Wright (born 1959) is an Australian film director and screenwriter, who gained cult success with the 1992 film "Romper Stomper", which starred Russell Crowe.
Opal Dream (also known as Pobby and Dingan) is a 2006 Australian drama film, based on the Ben Rice novella "Pobby and Dingan", directed by Peter Cattaneo and starring an ensemble cast including Vince Colosimo, Jacqueline McKenzie, Christian Byers and Sapphire Boyce.
 It was filmed on location around South Australia, in Adelaide, Coober Pedy and Woomera.
 "Opal Dream" was released in Australia on 28 September 2006, with eventual release around the world.
Romper Stomper is an Australian television series on video streaming service Stan.
 It is created as a sequel to the 1992 film "Romper Stomper".
 The six-part series will see Jacqueline McKenzie, Dan Wyllie and John Brumpton reprise their roles in a continuation of the story, 25 years later.
 It follows a new generation of the activist Far-right, their anti-fascist counterparts and the multicultural fabric of a country each of them threatens to tear apart.
Human Touch is a 2004 film directed by Paul Cox and starring Jacqueline McKenzie, Chris Haywood and Aaron Blabey.
 The plot follows the story of Anna who is a singer trying to raise money for her choir's trip to China.
 She does this by posing nude for an ageing artist and upon seeing the finished results goes on a journey of self-discovery.
Daniel John Pollock (24 August 1968 – 13 April 1992) was an Australian actor best known for his role as Davey in the 1992 Australian drama film "Romper Stomper", which featured Russell Crowe.
Tony Le-Nguyen, born as Lê Thiện Toàn in 1968 in the Mekong Delta region of South Vietnam, changed his name to Tony Lee since he began working as an actor in 1985.
 Over the past 30 years, Le-Nguyen has worked as an actor, writer, director and producer.
 He is currently the Executive Producer for Le-Nguyen Productions based in Melbourne, Australia.
Angel Baby is a 1995 Australian drama film written and directed by Michael Rymer and starring John Lynch, Jacqueline McKenzie and Colin Friels.
 The film was produced in 1993–94.
 It is a love story of two people with schizophrenia.
Romper Stomper is a 1992 Australian drama film written and directed by Geoffrey Wright in his feature film directorial debut.
 The film stars Russell Crowe, Daniel Pollock, Jacqueline McKenzie and Tony Lee.
 The film tells the story of the exploits and downfall of a neo-Nazi group in blue-collar suburban Melbourne.
 The film was released on 12 November 1992.
