The 1999–2000 Colorado Avalanche season was the Avalanche's fifth season.
 It was the first season in the new Pepsi Center arena.
The Galtür avalanche occurred on 23 February 1999 in the Alpine village of Galtür, Austria.
 It took less than 60 seconds to hit Galtür.
 At 50 m high and traveling at 290 km/h , this powder avalanche hit with great force, overturning cars, ruining buildings and burying 57 people.
 By the time rescue crews managed to arrive, 31 people – locals and tourists – had died.
 This avalanche was considered the worst Alpine avalanche in 40 years.
 Three major weather systems originating from the Atlantic accounted for large snowfalls totaling around four meters in the area.
 Freeze-thaw conditions created a weak layer on top of an existing snow pack; further snow was then deposited on top.
 This, coupled with high wind speeds, created large snow drifts and caused roughly 170,000 tons of snow to be deposited.
The Colorado Avalanche are an American professional ice hockey team based in Denver, Colorado.
 They play in the Central Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL).
 The team joined the NHL in 1972 as a charter member of the World Hockey Association, and were named the Quebec Nordiques, but moved to Denver in 1995.
 The Avalanche won their first Stanley Cup championship in 1996, and won another one in 2001.
 Having first played at the McNichols Sports Arena, the Avalanche have played their home games at Pepsi Center since 1999.
 The Avalanche are owned by Stan Kroenke, Greg Sherman is their general manager, and Gabriel Landeskog is the team captain.
The Evolène avalanche of February 21st, 1999, killed 12 people in the Swiss canton of Valais.
 Just two days later, the larger avalanche of Galtür caused 38 deaths in Austria.
Psycho Circus World Tour was a Kiss concert tour in 1998–2000.
 It was the first concert tour in history to have 3-D visual effects.
 The Smashing Pumpkins opened at the Dodger Stadium show only, in costume as The Beatles for the Halloween night performance.
 The Dodger Stadium show was streamed live on the internet as well as a radio broadcast.
 Two songs, "Psycho Circus" and "Shout It Out Loud", were screened live on Fox television as part of the "Kiss Live: The Ultimate Halloween Party" special.
 The vast majority of songs in the setlist were played on the previous Alive/Worldwide concert dates, leading to some frustration from fans expecting the return of classic songs not played on the previous tour.
 Peter Criss was quoted in Metal Edge magazine at the time as wanting to add "Parasite" to the setlist.
 The tour was initially hyped as having circus-style acts as pre-show entertainment.
 This ultimately happened only at the first concert at Dodger Stadium.
 Peter Criss later said that it didn't work out because the circus performers wanted equal billing and that some had even wanted to use KISS' backstage dressing room.
 "2,000 Man" was played to bring in the new Millennium at the 1999/2000 New Year's Eve show at Vancouver, advertised at the time as being recorded for Alive IV.
 The Vancouver show was also notable as being the first time the original members had played non-original band era material live in concert – "I Love It Loud", "Lick It Up" and "Heaven's on Fire" were added to the setlist and subsequently played on the Farewell Tour.
 "Forever" was listed on concert setlists at the Vancouver show but was not played.
 It was thought at the time it may have been intended as a Paul Stanley solo version prior to "Black Diamond".
 One notable show on the tour was the March 12 Bremen, Germany, show.
 After the opening song, Paul Stanley announced that the local fire marshall had banned Kiss from using any pyrotechnics during the show.
 They used a translator on stage to let the crowd understand exactly what Stanley was saying.
 At the end of the performance, the band ignited all of the pyrotechnics at once; as a result, they were banned from performing in Bremen.
 Ticket sales for this tour were notably slower than the previous Reunion Tour, with many of the smaller market shows underselling and a second North American leg for the summer of 1999 cancelled all together, the band ultimatly decided on embarking on a Farewell tour in the new millennium.
The MYH16 gene encodes a protein called myosin heavy chain 16 which is a muscle protein in mammals.
 At least in primates, it is a specialized muscle protein found only in the temporalis and masseter muscles of the jaw.
 Myosin heavy chain proteins are important in muscle contraction, and if they are missing, the muscles will be smaller.
 In non-human primates, MYH16 is functional and the animals have powerful jaw muscles.
 In humans, the MYH16 gene has a mutation which causes the protein not to function.
 Although the exact importance of this change in accounting for differences between humans and other apes is not yet clear, such a change may be related to increased brain size and finer control of the jaw which facilitates speech.
 It is not clear how the MYH16 mutation relates to other changes to the jaw and skull in early human evolution (for example, whether the MYH16 mutation happened first and led to other changes, or whether the MYH16 mutation happened after other changes made the MYH16 protein no longer necessary).
On the afternoon of 18 January 2017, a major avalanche occurred on Gran Sasso d'Italia, a mountain in Rigopiano, a tourist destination in the province of Pescara, in Southern Italy's Abruzzo region.
 The avalanche struck the luxury resort Hotel Rigopiano, killing twenty-nine people and injuring eleven others.
 The avalanche is the deadliest in Italy since the White Friday avalanches in 1916, and the deadliest avalanche in Europe since the Galtür avalanche in 1999.
The 1999–2000 NHL season was the 83rd regular season of the National Hockey League.
 Twenty-eight teams each played 82 games.
 This was the first season played in which teams were awarded a point for an overtime loss.
 The New Jersey Devils defeated the defending champion Dallas Stars for their second Stanley Cup championship.
 During the regular season, no player reached the 100-point plateau, the first time this had happened in a non-lockout season since the 1967–68 season.
 Also, in the 2000 Stanley Cup playoffs, the New Jersey Devils overcame a three games to one deficit against the Philadelphia Flyers to win the Eastern Conference Finals.
 This was the first time that this had happened this late in the playoffs also since the 1967–68 season.
The Buachaille Etive Mòr avalanche happened on Buachaille Etive Mòr in Glen Coe in the Scottish Highlands, UK, on 24 January 2009.
 Three mountain climbers were killed and one sustained a serious shoulder injury.
 Two of the dead were from Northern Ireland and the other was from Scotland.
 Nine people from at least three countries in at least two parties were involved in the incident on a mountain that is well recognised by tourists to Scotland.
 While avalanches are not uncommon in the area, very few deaths are reported—this incident has been described as "one of the worst disasters in the Scottish mountains for decades".
The Todd Bertuzzi–Steve Moore incident (also called the Steve Moore incident, the Todd Bertuzzi incident, and the Bertuzzi–Moore incident) was a highly controversial event in ice hockey that happened during a National Hockey League (NHL) game between the Vancouver Canucks and the Colorado Avalanche on March 8, 2004.
 In the first period, Steve Moore fought Vancouver player Matt Cooke and served a 5-minute major penalty for fighting.
 The Avalanche would go on to build up a large lead in a fight-filled game.
 Late in the third period, Todd Bertuzzi was sent onto the ice.
 After failing to instigate Moore to fight, Bertuzzi skated after Moore, grabbed his jersey and punched him in the back of the head, knocking him unconscious.
 Bertuzzi landed on top of him, driving Moore face first into the ice followed by Moore's teammate Andrei Nikolishin and Bertuzzi's teammate Sean Pronger.
 Moore was knocked out and lay motionless for ten minutes before being carried off on a stretcher.
 The combination of the hit, fall, and piling-on had resulted in three fractured neck vertebrae, facial cuts and a concussion.
 The incident ended Moore's professional hockey career, and resulted in criminal assault charges against Bertuzzi, and a civil lawsuit against Bertuzzi and the Canucks.
 On August 19, 2014, it was reported the civil trial ended with all parties agreeing to a confidential settlement.
