The Glace Bay Heritage Museum or the Old Town Hall is located in Glace Bay, Nova Scotia, in the one-time town hall.
Clayton Brook is a large residential estate in Lancashire, between the city of Preston and the town of Chorley.
 It forms part of the Clayton-le-Woods civil parish, and is in the Clayton-le-Woods North ward of the borough of Chorley.
 Lying next to the industrial estate of Walton Summit, one-time terminus of a branch of the Lancaster Canal, it also neighbours Clayton Green, Hoghton and Brindle, and is not far from the small town of Bamber Bridge.
 Clayton Brook Village as it is often termed, is bounded by the A6 road and the M61 and M65 motorways, and is conveniently near the M6 motorway.
The Studdogs was a rock band from Orlando, Florida.
 The band's music contains elements of punk, blues rock, garage rock, and noise rock.
 The band was formed in 2000 and stayed active until 2005.
 They released a lot of material, particularly the full-length album, "The Gospel According to the Studdogs" and the 7" vinyl 3-song EP, and gained local and national notoriety.
 They were featured in several national music magazines, including Magnet and Amplifier.
 Comparisons were made to the Stooges, Dead Boys, and it was said they sounded "like absolute victory by way of slurring, Rolling Stones-y garage rock from nowhere in particular."
 Their drunken, abrasive live shows often ended with someone bleeding or being thrown out of the venue.
 Their live shows were said to be "what Howling Wolf would sound like through a wall of noise and distortion."
 The band was signed by Orange Recordings in Los Angeles and toured all over the country, sharing bills with the Demolition Doll Rods, Bob Log III, The Fleshtones, and Immortal Lee County Killers and a one-time show with the Suicide Girls Burlesque Tour in Orlando.
 While in the Studdogs, Rich Evans began promoting concerts under the tag "Mutiny Productions".
 He now heads the independent "Florida's Dying" label, promoting and releasing material from the Florida-underground music scene.
 Kyle Justin joined the band on drums in early 2002 to replace Jason, who was moving to Texas.
 Kyle vacated his position as drummer in 2003 to pursue a music career in Los Angeles.
 Eric Gebhardt left the band in 2005 to pursue a solo career under the alias Red Mouth.
Preston is a ghost town in Wharton County in the U.S. state of Texas.
 The one-time settlement was located in the land grant belonging to Old Three Hundred settler John Huff near an important north-south trail.
 During the early years of the Republic of Texas lots were sold and a town took shape.
 Postal service began in 1839 and ceased in 1857.
 The only evidence that a town existed is an old cemetery near Farm to Market Road 1096 (FM 1096) south of Iago.
George Campbell (1850 – April 14, 1881) was a one-time town Marshal for El Paso, Texas.
 He served from mid-1880 until April 1881, when he was replaced by a new town Marshal Dallas Stoudenmire.
 Campbell was the last person killed by Stoudenmire in what would later be dubbed Four Dead in Five Seconds Gunfight on April 14, 1881.
Luther Roderick Campbell (born December 22, 1960), also known as Luke Skyywalker and simply Luke, is an American record label owner, rap performer, promoter, and actor.
 He is best known as a one-time member and leader of rap group 2 Live Crew, and star of his own short-lived show on VH1, "Luke's Parental Advisory".
 As a result of one of the group's songs, which used a parody of Roy Orbison's "Oh, Pretty Woman", Campbell was party to "Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, Inc.", which was argued in front of the U.S. Supreme Court.
My Phone is an online service with a companion mobile client application from Microsoft.
 The service, which launched on October 6, 2009, provides a free mobile phone back-up solution by wirelessly synchronizing contacts, calendar appointments, tasks, text messages, browser favorites, photos, music, video and documents with a password-protected online portal where users can access and manage their information.
 The service also enables photo sharing and, in some markets, a set of features for dealing with a lost phone that are sold as a Premium Package requiring a one-time fee.
 My Phone supports Windows Mobile OS versions 6.0, 6.1 and 6.5 and is available globally in 25 languages.
 The service uses Windows Live ID for authentication and the Windows Live server infrastructure for storing user information.
 On June 8, 2011, Microsoft announced that My Phone would be discontinued with sync from phones ending on August 7, 2011 and website access to data ending on October 6, 2011.
 Data (Contacts, calendar entries, text messages and photos) will be moved to SkyDrive.
Live @ the D.C. Star (also titled as Live PA #12: Live @ the D.C. Star) is a live album released on June 15, 2010 by the Washington, D.C.-based go-go band Rare Essence.
 The album was recorded live on April 17, 2010 at the D.C. Star, a music venue located in Northeast, Washington, D.C.
Dante and his girlfriend Micky run a very profitable drug operation in a seaside town, aided and abetted by a host of teens who sell the smack at discos around town, as well as by Lucas, a corrupt cop who's on the take.
 Their downfall comes when they suspect one of the boys, Pep, of ripping them off, and his accidental death causes disloyalty among the teens, who suspect Dante offed them.
 All of this is perfect for the return of Gabriel, a one-time partner of Dante, who has just been released from jail, and has an almost angelic demeanor and the certainty that he can fix everyone's lives.
Scusset Beach State Reservation is a state-operated, public recreation area located in the town of Sandwich in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, at the east end of the Cape Cod Canal on land formerly part of Sagamore Hill Military Reservation.
 In addition to its beach and campgrounds, prominent features of the park include Sagamore Hill, a one-time Native American meeting ground and site of World War II coastal fortifications, and a 3000 ft stone jetty that separates the canal and beach.
 Unlike most of Sandwich, this section of the town is on the mainland side of the Cape Cod Canal.
 The state park is managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation under a lease agreement with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
