Umar Lubis is an Indonesian actor.
 He is known for his numerous roles in soap operas.
 He always role in SinemArt soap opera.
 Usually he always role as father in soap opera.
 He is son in-law from Rae Sita.
 His name started to be known by public when he play in soap opera Intan.
 In that soap opera, he roled as Dr. Frans, father of Lila who is roled by Ingka Noverita.
Michael C. Donaldson (born October 13, 1939) is an American entertainment attorney, independent film advocate and a recipient of the International Documentary Association's Amicus Award, an honor bestowed upon only two others, Steven Spielberg and John Hendricks, in the 25-year history of the awards.
 He is a proponent of the 165-year-old fair-use doctrine and, through its use, is known for saving documentarians hundreds of thousands of dollars while preserving their First Amendment rights.
Lisa A. Callif is an American entertainment attorney specializing in independent film.
 She works in all aspects of the field with a focus on clearance work – making it possible for filmmakers to use a limited amount of unlicensed material in their projects by utilizing the U.S. Copyright Law’s fair use doctrine.
Ernest Del (born January 16, 1952) is an American entertainment attorney.
 Currently Del is Senior Advisor at ZeniMax Media.
Kevin Yorn (born July 4, 1965) is an American entertainment attorney who co-founded Morris Yorn Barnes Levine Entertainment Law Firm where he is managing partner.
 Along with his firm, Yorn represents such actors as Ellen DeGeneres, Matthew McConaughey, Mike Judge, "South Park" creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, "" creator Anthony Zuiker, "How I Met Your Mother" co-creators Carter Bays and Craig Thomas, Scarlett Johansson, Zoe Saldana, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Liam Hemsworth, Zach Galifianakis, Tony Hawk, and Laura Linney.
"Neighbours" is an Australian television soap opera that was first broadcast on 18 March 1985.
 The following is a list of characters that first appeared on the show in 2007, by order of first appearance.
 All characters were introduced by the show's executive producer Ric Pellizzeri.
 The 23rd season of "Neighbours" began airing from 8 January 2007.
 That month saw both Ringo Brown and Oliver Barnes introduced as brothers of established characters.
 March saw the year's first baby, Holly Hoyland, born.
 Con artists Terrence Chesterton and Charlotte Stone arrived the following month, along with Mary Casey.
 June saw the debuts of Prue Brown, Adam Rhodes, Kirsten Gannon and Mickey Gannon.
 Oliver's mother and brother, Rebecca and Declan Napier, were introduced in July, as were Bridget Parker, Miranda Parker, Steve Parker and Peggy Newton.
 Justin Hunter, Richard Aaronow and Riley Parker began appearing from August.
 September saw Brad Jordan arrive, while October saw the introductions of Marco Silvani, Josh Taylor, Taylah Jordan and Jessica Wallace.
 Both Angus Henderson and Mia Silvani arrived in November.
Stefan Dennis (born 30 October 1958) is an Australian actor, best known for playing the role of cold-hearted and ruthless businessman Paul Robinson in the soap opera "Neighbours" from its first episode in March 1985 to the present day.
 He departed "Neighbours" in 1993, but returned in 2004 and has played Paul ever since.
 During his time away from "Neighbours" he was a cast member of Scottish soap opera "River City".
 He is also known for his 1989 hit single "Don't It Make You Feel Good", which reached Number 16 in the Irish and UK Singles Chart.
L. Londell McMillan (born in 1966 in Bedford–Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York) is an American entertainment attorney, producer, and publisher.
Liam Hemsworth (born 13 January 1990) is an Australian actor.
 He played the role of Josh Taylor in the soap opera "Neighbours" and as Marcus on the children's television series "The Elephant Princess".
 In American films, Hemsworth starred in "The Last Song" (2010), as Gale Hawthorne in "The Hunger Games" film series (2012–2015), and as Jake Morrison in "" (2016).
Roman Brady is a fictional character from the long running NBC soap opera, "Days of Our Lives".
 The role was originated in 1981 by Wayne Northrop who played the role until 1984, was filled by Drake Hogestyn from 1986–1991, again by Northrop from 1991–1994, and is currently being portrayed by series veteran Josh Taylor, who stepped into the role in 1997.
