Roy Shepherd MBE (190720 June 1986) was an Australian pianist who is most renowned as a piano teacher at the University of Melbourne Conservatorium.
Kresge College is one of the residential colleges that make up the University of California, Santa Cruz.
 Founded in 1971, Kresge is located on the western edge of the UCSC campus.
 Kresge is the sixth of ten colleges at UCSC, and originally one of the most experimental.
 The first provost of Kresge, Bob Edgar, had been strongly influenced by his experience in T-groups run by NTL Institute.
 He asked a T-group facilitator, psychologist Michael Kahn, to help him start the college.
 When they arrived at UCSC, they taught a course, Creating Kresge College, in which they and the students in it designed the college.
 Kresge was a participatory democracy, and students had extraordinary power in the early years.
 The college was run by two committees: Community Affairs and Academic Affairs.
 Any faculty member, student or staff member who wanted to be on these committees could be on them.
 Students' votes counted as much as the faculty or staff.
 These committees determined the budgets and hiring.
 They were also run by consensus.
 Distinguished early faculty members included Gregory Bateson, former husband of Margaret Mead and author of "Steps to an Ecology of Mind"; Phil Slater, author of "The Pursuit of Loneliness"; John Grinder, co-founder of Neuro-linguistic programming and co-author of ""; and William Everson, one of the Beat poets.
Sheila Browne is an American-Irish concert violist from Gladwyne, Pennsylvania with dual citizenship.
 She is a recording artist and Associate Professor at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts.
 Named the William Primrose Recitalist of 2016 in conjunction with the Primrose International Viola Archive (PIVA), Ms. Browne has played solo, concerto and chamber music concerts and has played principal of orchestras performing in major venues in Africa, the Americas, Asia, Europe, Australia, and the Middle East.
 She is in the Fire Pink Trio and principal of the New York Women's Philharmonic, making her Carnegie- Stern Hall concerto debut in 2011 (formerly NYWE).
 Browne is the Director and faculty member of the UNCSA Karen Tuttle Viola Workshop, founder in 2015 and faculty member of the first European Karen Tuttle Viola Workshop at NYU- Prague 2016, and has served on the Executive Board of the American Viola Society Ms. Browne was the violist of the Gotham, Arianna and Pelligrini string quartets.
 She has served on the faculties of Duke and New York universities, University of Missouri- St. Louis and of Tennessee- Knoxville, and Juilliard's Music Advancement Program.
Lawrence Timothy Ryan (born January 16, 1958) is the fifth and current president of the Culinary Institute of America (CIA).
 Ryan, a Certified Master Chef, graduated from the CIA in 1977 and joined the school's faculty in 1982, and later moved to administration before heading the education division.
 In 2001, he became the first CIA alumnus and faculty member to become president of the college, in 2001.
 Prior to returning to the CIA as a faculty member, he spent five years as a chef in different aspects of the culinary industry.
 Ryan has received numerous accolades throughout his career from the American Culinary Federation, James Beard Foundation, and various other organizations.
Anita LaFrance Allen-Castellitto (born March 24, 1953) is the Henry R. Silverman Professor of Law and professor of philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
 She is also Vice Provost for Faculty.
 She has been a senior fellow in the former bioethics department of the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, a collaborating faculty member in Africana studies, and an affiliated faculty member in the gender, sexuality and women’s studies program.
 In 2010 President Barack Obama named Allen to the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues.
 She is a Hastings Center Fellow.
Deborah Stipek is the Judy Koch Professor of Education in the Stanford Graduate School of Education (GSE) and a professor by courtesy of psychology.
 She also serves as the Peter E. Haas Faculty Director of the Haas Center for Public Service at Stanford.
 From 2001 to 2012 and then again from 2014 to 2015 she served as the I James Quillen Dean of the GSE at Stanford.
 Prior to Stanford she was a faculty member at UCLA where she served for 10 of her 23 years there as the Director of the Corinne Seeds University Elementary School and the Urban Education Studies Center.
 During this period as a faculty member at UCLA she took a year off to work for U.S. Senator Bill Bradley.
Roy Shepherd (born (1931--)4 1931 ) is a former British ice hockey player.
 He played between 1951 and 1978 for the Wembley Lions, Southampton Vikings and Brighton Tigers.
 He also played for the Great Britain national ice hockey team between 1951 and 1962.
 He was inducted to the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame in 1999.
Rodney Benson is an American sociologist and professor of Media, Culture, and Communication at New York University.
 He is also an affiliated faculty member in the NYU Department of Sociology and has been a visiting scholar or invited lecturer at universities in France (Institut d’etudes politiques, Toulouse; Ecole des hautes etudes en sciences sociales and CELSA-Sorbonne, Paris), Germany (Universities of Bremen, Munich, and Weimar), Denmark (Copenhagen Business School, Roskilde University), Finland (University of Helsinki), and Norway (Universities of Oslo and Bergen).
 Before joining the NYU faculty, he was an assistant professor of international communications and sociology at the American University of Paris.
 He holds a PhD in sociology from the University of California, Berkeley.
Christopher H. Whittle (born 1959) is an educator and paleontologist who has published on a wide variety of topics including the development of paranormal beliefs, learning from popular television, museum studies, and dinosaur paleontology (Nedcolbertia, gastroliths).
 He graduated with a B.S. degree in earth sciences from the University of Massachusetts Boston, an Ed.M.
 from Harvard University, and a Ph.D. from the University of New Mexico.
 Whittle worked in the Boston Public Schools, on the Navajo Indian Reservation, and has been a faculty member at numerous community colleges and universities.
 Whittle was on the faculty at The Jefferson School in Georgetown, Delaware.
List of universities in Ho Chi Minh City.
 There are over 80 universities and colleges (for a full list of colleges in Ho Chi Minh City, see List of colleges in Ho Chi Minh City) with over 400,000 students.
 There are over 100 vocational schools in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
 The university students in Vietnam have to spend 4.5 to 5 years in university (when graduating, they will get a diploma of bachelor of arts (science faculties, basic faculty, social faculties) or engineer (technical faculties) while the college student spend about 3 to 3.5 years in colleges (then they may get a university diploma if they spend about 1.5 years in universities).
 The vocational school students spend 2 or 2.5 years).
 Universities in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam are tabulated alphabetically as follows:
