Eric Thomas Bolling (born March 2, 1963) is an American television personality, conservative political commentator, author, and financial commentator.
 He has occupied numerous roles as a commentator on financial issues for television, most notably for Fox News.
 Bolling took over as host of the Fox Business Channel news program "Cashin' In" in 2013.
 He was a co-host of Fox News Channel's "The Five" at its inception, until leaving to co-host "Fox News Specialists" in May 2017.
 In 2016, Bolling published his first book, "Wake Up America", which became a "New York Times" best seller.
 In 2017 he wrote another book, "The Swamp: Washington's Murky Pool of Corruption and Cronyism and How Trump Can Drain It".
 On August 5, 2017, "HuffPost" reported that he had sent unsolicited lewd photographs and text messages to three female colleagues several years previously.
 Fox News conducted an independent investigation and mutually agreed to part ways with Bolling the following month.
Elizabeth MacDonald is the stocks editor for "Fox Business" and "Fox News".
 MacDonald also covered the markets, corporate accounting scandals, taxes and the IRS for the "Wall Street Journal" and "Forbes" Magazine, where she created Forbes' top-rated annual ranking, "The World's 100 Most Powerful Women".
 MacDonald appears on Fox Business shows Opening Bell with Maria Bartiromo", "Cavuto" and "Varney & Co.", "Fox News'" "Forbes on Fox", "Your World With Neil Cavuto", "Outnumbered", and "Happening Now".
Fox Business Network (FBN), also known as Fox Business, is an American cable and satellite business news television channel that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox.
 The network discusses business and financial news.
 Day-to-day operations are run by Kevin Magee, executive vice president of Fox News; Neil Cavuto manages content and business news coverage.
 As of February 2015, Fox Business Network is available to approximately 74,224,000 pay television households (63.8% of households with television) in the United States.
Jennifer Anne "Jenna" Lee (born (1980--) 30, 1980 ) is an American journalist and former anchor on the Fox News Channel, where she co-hosted "Happening Now" with Jon Scott.
 Lee previously co-anchored Fox Business Network's early-morning business news program, "Fox Business Morning", with Connell McShane.
Jonas Max Ferris (born September 13, 1971, Southfield, Massachusetts) is an economist, investment advisor, and Fox News economic analyst who regularly appears as a panelist on "Fox Business' Channel" stocks and investment news program "Cashin' In".
 He joined Fox Business Network (FBN) as a panelist on the stocks investment/news program "Cashin' In" in 2002.
 He is also the founder and editor of "MAXFunds.com", a website offering financial advice and services to consumers.
Janice Dean is a Canadian television meteorologist.
 She appears on the Fox News Channel and Fox Business Network, and also substitutes for "Fox News Live" headline anchors when needed.
 She is known for her nickname, "Janice Dean, the Weather Machine", coined by Fox News Channel anchor Shepard Smith.
 She has also been called "Janice Dean, the Weather Queen".
Sudhir Chaudhary is an Indian Journalist.
 He serves as the Editor-in-Chief of Hindi news channel Zee News, In April 2017, he was elevated as the Editor-in-Chief of English news channel World is One News, and Business channel Zee Business by Zee Media Corporation Limited.
 Chaudhary raised to prominence by hosting Daily News and Analysis show aired on Zee News.
 Chaudhary's tenure as a Chief Editor is known for increasing viewership of his edited news channels.
 Chaudhary significantly raised the viewership of Global Indian English News channel World is one news (WION).
Chaudhary holds a unique achievement of being an Editor-in-Chief of Hindi and English News Channel, Business Channel at once.
 He is considered to be one of the most efficient Chief editor of News Media in India
Terry Keenan (June 1, 1961 – October 23, 2014) was an American economic/business columnist for the New York Post, and a former anchor for the Cable News Network (CNN).
 Keenan was host of the Fox Business Network's stocks/investment news program "Cashin' In" from 2002 to 2009, and a senior business correspondent for the Fox News Channel and the Fox Business Network.
 In September 2009 she became a Fox News contributor, in addition to being an economic/business columnist for the "New York Post", which is owned by NewsCorp the parent company of Fox.
The Fox News Channel's documentary unit was headed by David Asman from August 2005 until he joined the Fox Business Channel in September 2007.
 The Executive Producer of the unit is Brian Gaffney.
 In March 2008, Fox began posting selected specials on the video clip internet site, Hulu.com.
 A list of the specials broadcast by Fox News includes:
Tracy Byrnes (born 1970) is an American television business news anchor, journalist, and accountant who worked for the Fox Business Network.
 Byrnes appeared as a recurring panelist on Fox Business Channel stocks and investment news programs "Cashin' In", "Bulls & Bears" and "Your World with Neil Cavuto".
 She formerly hosted the 1 P.M. ET weekday "FBN Live" on FoxNews.com Live.
 She joined Fox Business Network as a reporter in October 2007 after being a recurring guest since 2005.
 She left Fox Business Network in March 2015.
