The Gathering (2007) is the fourth novel by Irish author Anne Enright.
 It won the 2007 Man Booker Prize, eventually chosen unanimously by the jury after having largely been considered an outsider to win the prize.
 Although it received mostly favorable reviews on its first publication, sales of the book had been modest before it was named as one of the six books on the Man Booker Prize shortlist in September 2007.
 After winning the prize, sales more than doubled compared to sales before the announcement.
 Enright described the book as "...the intellectual equivalent of a Hollywood weepie."
Peter Philip Carey AO (born 7 May 1943) is an Australian novelist.
 Carey has won the Miles Franklin Award three times and is frequently named as Australia's next contender for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
 Carey is one of only four writers to have won the Booker Prize twice—the others being J. G. Farrell, J. M. Coetzee and Hilary Mantel.
 Carey won his first Booker Prize in 1988 for "Oscar and Lucinda", and won for the second time in 2001 with "True History of the Kelly Gang".
 In May 2008 he was nominated for the Best of the Booker Prize.
The Russian Little Booker Prize (Малая Букеровская премия or Малый Букер) was an annual prize awarded in 1992-2001 for a nominated genre of writing.
 It was established in 1992 as part of the Russian Booker Prize.
 In 2000 it separated from the Russian Booker and became independent.
 The prize was founded by Francis Greene (son of Graham Greene), whose sponsorship was anonymous until 2000.
 The nominations differed every year, to compliment the Russian Booker which is awarded for novels only.
Saumya Balsari is a British Indian author.
 Balsari has been named one of Britain's leading South Asian women by redhotcurry.com.
 She is currently researching her third novel as Writer-in-Residence at the University of Cambridge, Centre of Latin American Studies.
 Her second book was "Summer of Blue", a novel for young adults.
 It was published in 2013 as an ebook (Arcadia Books) and paperback.
 Her first novel, "The Cambridge Curry Club", is the 2010 winner of the first ever Cambridgeshire Book of the Decade.
  The book was selected at Cambridge Wordfest 2012 by Oxygen Books, City Picks, for a public reading of Cambridge's finest writing.
Cambridge Wordfest 2012 The title was also chosen for The National Year of Reading and by BBC Radio Cambridgeshire for its 2008 A Book a Day project in May.
 Balsari's writing has been favourably compared by Alexander McCall Smith to that of Booker Prize Winners Arundhati Roy and Kiran Desai.
 Other eminent reviewers of her work include the well-known actress and author Meera Syal and television comedy writer Ronald Wolfe (Writing Comedy).
The Russian Booker Prize (Russian: Русский Букер , "Russian Booker") is a Russian literary award modelled after the Man Booker Prize.
 It was inaugurated by English Chief Executive Sir Michael Harris Caine in 1992.
 The country's premier literary prize, it is awarded to the best work of fiction written in the Russian language each year as decided by a panel of judges, irrespective of the writer's citizenship.
 s of 2012 , the chair of the Russian Booker Prize Committee is British journalist George Walden.
 The prize is the first Russian non-governmental literary award since the country's 1917 Revolution.
The Best of the Booker is a special prize awarded in commemoration of the Booker Prize's 40th anniversary.
 Eligible books included the 41 winners of the Booker Prize since its inception in 1969.
 The six shortlisted titles were announced on 12 May 2008 and were chosen by novelist Victoria Glendinning, broadcaster Mariella Frostrup and Professor of English at University College London John Mullan.
 Among the nominees were the only two authors to have won the Booker twice, Peter Carey and J. M. Coetzee, nominated for their novels "Oscar & Lucinda" and "Disgrace" respectively.
The Man Booker Prize for Fiction (formerly known as the Booker-McConnell Prize and commonly known simply as the Booker Prize) is a literary prize awarded each year for the best original novel, written in the English language and published in the UK.
 The winner of the Man Booker Prize is generally assured international renown and success; therefore, the prize is of great significance for the book trade.
 From its inception, only Commonwealth, Irish, and South African (and later Zimbabwean) citizens were eligible to receive the prize; in 2014, however, this eligibility was widened to any English-language novel.
The Lost Man Booker Prize was a special edition of the Man Booker Prize awarded by a public vote in 2010 to a novel from 1970 as the books published in 1970 were not eligible for the Man Booker Prize due to a rules alteration; until 1970 the prize was awarded to books published in the previous year, while from 1971 onwards it was awarded to books published the same year as the award.
 The prize was won by J. G. Farrell for "Troubles".
The 2016 Booker Prize for Fiction was awarded at a ceremony on 25 October 2016.
 The Man Booker dozen of 13 books was announced on 27 July, narrowed down to a shortlist of six titles on 13 September.
 Paul Beatty was awarded the 2016 Booker Prize for his novel "The Sellout", receiving 50,000 pounds ($61,000), and becoming the first American author to be awarded the prize.
Sir Michael Harris Caine (17 June 1927 – 20 March 1999) was an English businessman.
 He headed Booker Bros and Booker plc, and helped establish the Man Booker Prize.
 A president of the Royal African Society, he created the Caine Prize and later also the Russian Booker Prize.
