Karutha Rathrikal ("Dark Nights") is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language science fiction film.
 An adaptation of the novel "Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde" by Robert Louis Stevenson, it was the first science fiction film in the history of Malayalam cinema.
The genre of science fiction has been prevalent in the Indian film industry since the second half of the 20th century.
 Beginning in 1952, the film "Kaadu" was made, which was a Tamil-American co-production. "
The Alien" was a science fiction film under production in the late 1960s which was eventually cancelled.
 The film was being directed by Bengali Indian director Satyajit Ray and produced by Hollywood studio Columbia Pictures.
 The script was written by Ray in 1967, based on "Bankubabur Bandhu", a Bengali story he had written in 1962 for "Sandesh", the Ray family magazine.
 In 1987, the superhero film "Mr. India" was a huge success which strengthened the hold of sci-fi films in India, especially Bollywood.
 "Indiatimes Movies" ranks the movie amongst the "Top 25 Must See Bollywood Films".
 "Mr. India" brought the idea of science fiction to the general people in India.
 In 2003, the blockbuster film "Koi... Mil Gaya" marked the beginning of the successful Krrish film series, which is the first sci-fi/superhero film series in Indian cinema.
 The 2010 Tamil film "Enthiran" starring Rajinikanth and Aishwarya Rai is the most expensive and most successful sci/fi film ever produced in India.
Eduardo Ladislao Holmberg (27 July 1852 in Buenos Aires – 4 November 1937) was an Argentine natural historian and novelist, one of the leading figures in Argentine biology.
 Together with Florentino Ameghino he undertook the inventory of Argentine flora and fauna, and explored all the ecoregions in the country, summarizing for the first time the biodiversity of its territory.
 The son of botanical aficionado and grandson of the Baron Holmberg, Holmburg accompanied Argentine "Libertador" Manuel Belgrano on his campaigns and introduced the cultivation of the camellia to Argentina.
 As director of the Buenos Aires Zoological Garden he greatly developed its scientific aspect, publishing booklets and providing printed media for a learned appreciation of its contents.
 He also directed the Natural History Cabinet of the University of Buenos Aires and published the standard reference works on botany and zoology used in his country for most of the 20th century.
 While less distinguished for his writing, he was arguably the first science fiction writer in Latin America.
 He wrote the first science fiction novel, "Viaje maravilloso del señor Nic-Nac al planeta Marte" ("Eng."
 "The Marvellous Journey of Mr. Nic-Nac to the Planet Mars").
 In 1879, he wrote "Horacio Kalibang o los autómatas" ("Eng."
 "Horacio Kalibang or The Automatons"), the first short science fiction story of Latin America.
The Philadelphia Science Fiction Society (PSFS) is a science fiction club in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 PSFS is the second oldest group in science fiction fandom and hosted what is considered by some to be the first science fiction convention.
 Anyone living in the greater Philadelphia area and interested in science fiction, fantasy, horror, whether written or on TV or in the movies; SF, fantasy, and horror art; gaming, board games or video games; comic books/graphic novels; and related arts is welcome.
The Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation is given each year for theatrical films, television episodes, or other dramatized works related to science fiction or fantasy released in the previous calendar year.
 Originally the award covered both works of film and of television but since 2003, it has been split into two categories: "Best Dramatic Presentation (Long Form)" and "Best Dramatic Presentation (Short Form)".
 The Dramatic Presentation Awards are part of the broader Hugo Awards, which are given every year by the World Science Fiction Society for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year.
 The awards is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the first science fiction magazine, "Amazing Stories", and was once officially known as the Science Fiction Achievement Award.
 The award has been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction".
Aerials is a 2016 Emirati science fiction film set in the city of Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
 Directed by S.A.Zaidi and produced by Ghanem Ghubash, it is considered to be the first science fiction film in the Middle East portraying an alien invasion over the city of Dubai.
Rajdrohi : Fight Against The System is a 2009 Science fiction Bengali film directed by Tapan Banerjee.
 This is sixth directorial film after 2007 "Prem".
 The film is starring Anshuman, Swati, Manali and Rajatava Dutta.
 This film is slated to release on 25 December 2009 and is the first science fiction film of its kind in Bengali till date.
 The film deals with invisibility of human being and is quite similar to H.G. Wells' The Invisible Man
Kaadu or The Jungle is a 1952 Indian-American science fiction film directed by William Berke.
 Mr. T. R. Sundaram (The Modern Theatres Ltd) & William Berke Production.
 It stars Rod Cameron, Cesar Romero, Marie Windsor and M.N. Nambiar in lead roles.
 The film was the first science fiction film in India.
 "Kaadu" was released on 1 August 1952.
In 1948, 10–15% of science fiction writers were female.
 Women's role in speculative fiction (including science fiction) has grown since then, and in 1999, women comprised 36% of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America's professional members. "
Frankenstein" (1818) by Mary Shelley has been called the first science fiction novel, although women wrote utopian novels even before that, with Margaret Cavendish publishing the first ("The Blazing World") in the seventeenth century.
 Early published fantasy was written by and for both genders.
 However, speculative fiction, with science fiction in particular, has traditionally been viewed as a male-oriented genre.
"Porobashinee" is an upcoming Bangladeshi science fiction film.
 It will be the first science fiction film in Bangladesh.
 The film will be directed by Swapan Ahmed and produced by Reggae Entertainment.
 Film shooting took place in France and Italy and was overseen by an international crew.
 The post-production involved 3D conversion and the application of visual effects.
