Cate Shortland (born 10 August 1968) is an Australian writer and director of film and television.
Berlin Syndrome is a 2017 Australian psychological horror-thriller film directed by Cate Shortland, and written by Shaun Grant, based upon the novel of the same name by Melanie Joosten.
 It stars Teresa Palmer and Max Riemelt.
The 23rd Stockholm International Film Festival took place between 7 and 18 November 2012.
 American actor Peter Fonda was head of the jury.
 The Bronze Horse for best picture was won by the Australian/German film Lore, directed by Cate Shortland.
Young Bess is a 1953 Technicolor biographical film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer about the early life of Elizabeth I, from her turbulent childhood to the eve of her accession to the throne of England.
 The film starred Jean Simmons and Stewart Granger as Thomas Seymour, with Charles Laughton as Elizabeth's father, Henry VIII, a part he had played twenty years before in "The Private Life of Henry VIII".
 The film was directed by George Sidney and produced by Sidney Franklin, from a screenplay by and Arthur Wimperis based on the novel by Margaret Irwin (1944).
Lore is a 2012 German-British-Australian historical drama based on Rachel Seiffert's much awarded novel "The Dark Room", with the screenplay written by British screenwriter Robin Mukherjee and the film's director, Cate Shortland.
Beverly of Graustark (1926) is a silent film directed by Sidney Franklin, starring Marion Davies, Antonio Moreno and Creighton Hale.
 The film's screenplay was written by Agnes Christine Johnston based on the novel by George Barr McCutcheon, and set on the fictional land of Graustark.
 The movie features a final sequence in Technicolor.
 This was the first film by Sidney Franklin for MGM.
The Toll of the Sea (1922) is an American silent drama film, directed by Chester M. Franklin, produced by the Technicolor Motion Picture Corporation, released by Metro Pictures, and featuring Anna May Wong in her first leading role.
 The film was written by Frances Marion and directed by Chester M. Franklin (brother of director Sidney Franklin), with the lead roles played by Wong and Kenneth Harlan.
 The plot was a variation of the "Madama Butterfly" story, set in China instead of Japan.
Filmed in Melbourne, Victoria, the series was produced by Matchbox Pictures' Tony Ayres, Helen Bowden and Michael McMahon, with Penny Chapman serving as executive producer.
 The directors; Jessica Hobbs, Matthew Saville, Tony Ayres and Robert Connolly, directed two episodes each.
 The writing team included Emily Ballou, Alice Bell, Brendan Cowell, Kris Mrksa and Cate Shortland.
The Kettering Incident is an Australian television drama program, first broadcast on Foxtel's Showcase channel on July 4, 2016.
 The series was created by Victoria Madden and Vincent Sheehan, produced by Porchlight Films and Sweet Potato Films, and was written by Victoria Madden, Louise Fox, Cate Shortland and Andrew Knight.
 A sneak preview of the series launched at the 2015 "Dark MoFo" festival, with two episodes shown to select audiences at nine locations around Tasmania.
Somersault is a 2004 Australian independent film written and directed by Cate Shortland, featuring Abbie Cornish and Sam Worthington.
 Shot in the winter of 2003, the film was released in September 2004 and screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 It also swept the field at the 2004 Australian Film Institute Awards, winning every single feature film award (13 in total).
