Australian rapper Iggy Azalea has recorded songs for one studio album, one reissue, one extended play (EP) and two mixtapes, among other releases, some of which were collaborations with others.
 Azalea's first mixtape "Ignorant Art", her debut music release and also the project generally credited as her career breakthrough, was released in September 2011 and recorded in Los Angeles, where Azalea had been residing since the previous year, after migrating from Australia to the United States in 2006 when she was sixteen years old to pursue a rap career.
 Prior to the release of the mixtape, Azalea had shared several home videos on her YouTube channel as an underground rapper.
 She then aligned herself with Southern rapper T.I., eventually signing with his Grand Hustle imprint in 2012.
 With plans to release her debut studio album that year, she ended up putting out a free six-song EP titled "Glory" in July, with material that was originally slated for the album, and recorded while she was in Atlanta.
 In May 2012, Azalea was featured on Steve Aoki and Angger Dimas' collaborative electronic track "Beat Down".
 She then announced she would be releasing her second mixtape in October 2012, "TrapGold", produced entirely by Diplo and FKi.
Summer Knights is the second mixtape by American rapper Joey Bada$$.
 It was released on July 1, 2013, by Cinematic Music Group.
 The mixtape was planned to be released as an EP, to prelude the release of his debut album "B4.DA.
$$", but instead it was announced to be a full-length mixtape.
 The mixtape features production from Chuck Strangers, Kirk Knight, MF Doom, Statik Selektah, DJ Premier, Lee Bannon, Oddisee, Navie D, and Bruce Leekix.
 The mixtape features more original instrumentals than his first mixtape "1999" which was primarily samples.
Tales from the Sick is the debut studio album by American rapper Prozak.
 The album was released on June 3, 2008.
 It is the rapper's first release on Strange Music and is his first release of solo material following his first solo EP Aftabirth which was released in 2001.
 The album peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart, #25 on the Top Independent Albums chart and #52 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Excuse My French is the debut studio album by American rapper French Montana.
 It was released on May 21, 2013, by Coke Boys Records, Bad Boy Records, Maybach Music Group and Interscope Records.
 The album features guest appearances from Diddy, Nicki Minaj, Drake, Ace Hood, Lil Wayne, Birdman, The Weeknd, Rick Ross, 2 Chainz, Max B, Ne-Yo, Machine Gun Kelly, Raekwon, Scarface and Snoop Dogg, among others.
King Koopa: The Mixtape Messiah is a mixtape by Houston rapper Chamillionaire.
 It was released on  15, 2004 (2004--) .
 The tape featuring 61 tracks over three CDs, this triple album is the longest and most bought mixtape in Texas history.
 It is the first mixtape in the Mixtape Messiah series.
 The mixtape established Chamillionaire as one of the premier artists in the Southern rap music industry at the time of its release and was the pivotal mixtape that developed his fan base and ability to obtain mainstream success with the release of "The Sound of Revenge" years later.
Bobby Tarantino is the sixth mixtape by American rapper Logic.
 It was released on July 1, 2016, by Visionary Music Group and Def Jam Recordings.
 It was released to various digital platforms without prior announcement.
 "Bobby Tarantino" serves as Logic's first mixtape since "" (2013).
 The mixtape and its production was handled primarily by Logic and 6ix, with the duo focusing on a similar style to that of their previous independent projects, working on reinstating previous elements considered missing from Logic's commercial releases.
 The mixtape was preceded by the release of "Flexicution" and "Wrist", each released ten days apart from one another from the mixtape.
"Ain't Worried About Nothin'" is a song by American rapper French Montana for his debut studio album "Excuse My French" (2013).
 It was released on April 15, 2013 as the third single from the album.
 The song was written and produced by Rico Love and Earl & E, with additional songwriting provided by Montana.
 "Ain't Worried About Nothin'" peaked at number 63 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
 An accompanying music video was released on May 7, 2013.
Dr. Dre Presents... The Aftermath is a compilation album produced and released by American rapper and producer, Dr. Dre.
 The album was released on November 26, 1996, a week after the release of the lead single, "East Coast, West Coast, Killas" featuring Group Therapy.
 The album is Dre's first release after leaving Death Row Records, and was the first release on his then newly established Aftermath Entertainment.
 In spite of Dr. Dre's name being on the album, and it being certified platinum, it received mixed reviews and was not amongst the year's more commercially successful releases.
 The album was later followed by the second single, the Dr. Dre solo track "Been There, Done That".
Purple Reign is a mixtape by American rapper Future, hosted and executive-produced by DJ Esco and Metro Boomin.
 It was released on January 17, 2016 with an 11-hour notice via LiveMixtapes and DatPiff.
 It is Future's first non-commercial mixtape since the mixtape trilogy "Monster" (2014), "Beast Mode" and "56 Nights" (2015).
 "Purple Reign" follows the commercial collaborative mixtape "What a Time to Be Alive" with Canadian rapper Drake.
 The mixtape features production from frequent collaborators Metro Boomin, Southside, Zaytoven, DJ Spinz and Nard & B, among others.
 The cover font is a tribute to Prince's landmark 1984 album "Purple Rain", which is stylized in the same fashion.
A Kid Named Cudi is the debut mixtape by American rapper Kid Cudi, released by New York City street wear brand 10.
Deep, on July 17, 2008.
 The mixtape marked Cudi's first official release.
 Production was handled by Plain Pat and Emile; samples range from the likes of Outkast to Paul Simon and N.E.R.D to Band of Horses.
 The mixtape allowed a new progression of Kid Cudi with the release catching the eye of Kanye West, founder of GOOD Music.
 Cudi would ultimately be signed to GOOD Music later that year.
 Notably the album contains the song "Day 'n' Nite", Kid Cudi's commercial debut single, which reached number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
