Su-ngai Kolok Railway Station is a railway station located in Su-ngai Kolok Subdistrict, Su-ngai Kolok District, Narathiwat.
 It is a class 1 railway station located 1142.993 km from Thon Buri Railway Station.
 Su-ngai Kolok Station is the furthest railway station from Bangkok, and the terminus of the Southern Line.
Lamphun Railway Station is a railway station located in Lamphun, Thailand.
 It is the main railway station of the province and is owned by the State Railway of Thailand.
 Lamphun Railway Station is 729.213 m from Bangkok Railway Station.
 The station building is a wood structure and a small dirt road leads up to the railway station.
 To the south of the railway station is a metal railway bridge crossing the River Kuang.
Thornton–Cleveleys (originally simply-named Cleveleys) was a small-sized railway station which served the two English Lancashire towns of Thornton and Cleveleys, but was situated in the centre of Thornton.
 Located on the now disused line between Poulton-le-Fylde and Fleetwood , the station also had a shunting yard for the making-up of freight trains for Preston and beyond.
 During its life it was also known at times as Thornton station and Thornton for Cleveleys station.
 In the 1860s and early 1870s the line was of great importance being the direct route from London to Glasgow.
 Before the Shap route was opened, passengers (allegedly including Queen Victoria) would travel from Euston to Fleetwood and then onwards via steamer to Scotland.
Hua Takhe Railway Station is a railway station located in Lat Krabang Subdistrict, Lat Krabang District, Bangkok.
 It is a class 1 railway station located 30.911 km from Bangkok Railway Station.
 This station is the nearest station to Suvarnabhumi Airport, as well as the nearest large railway station to King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang.
 However, the nearest railway station to KMITL is Phra Chom Klao halt, located only 580 m from Hua Takhe Station.
 Hua Takhe is also the junction (although not officially one) for the freight-only line to the Inland Container Depot (ICD)
Aranyaprathet Railway Station is a railway station located in Aranyaprathet Subdistrict, Aranyaprathet District, Sa Kaeo, Thailand.
 The station is a class 1 railway station located 254.5 km from Bangkok Railway Station.
 Aranyaprathet Railway Station opened in November 1926 as part of the Eastern Line Kabin Buri-Aranyaprathet section.
Tha Chomphu Railway Station is a railway station located in Tha Pladuk Subdistrict, Mae Tha District, Lamphun.
 It is a class 3 railway station located 691.898 km from Bangkok Railway Station.
 The station is the railway station closest to Tha Chomphu Bridge, or also known as the "White Bridge" as it was built of white concrete.
Hilal railway station formerly Istravoz railway station is a railway station located in İzmir, Turkey.
 It is located east of Basmane next to the famous Hilal Junction on the Izmir-Afyon railway.
 The station was famous for being located next to the only level crossing in Turkey.
 The Oriental Railway Company's Alsancak-Aydın Main Line crossed with the Smyrna Cassaba Railway's Basmane-Afyon Main Line.
 Due to the layout of the tracks, the station was first named "Istravoz railway station" in 1866.
 "Istravoz" (from Greek σταυρóς) means Cross in Turkish.
 After the Republic of Turkey was formed in 1923, the station's name was changed to "Hilal" which means 'crescent', due to the majority of the city's population being Muslim.
 The Hilal subway station, which opened in 2000, is located adjacent to the railway station.
 When the electrification of the tracks around İzmir started in 2001, the station was closed.
Ton Samrong Railway Station is a railway station located in Thammasala Subdistrict, Nakhon Pathom City, Nakhon Pathom.
 It is a class 3 railway station located 44.301 km from Thon Buri Railway Station.
 Originally, the station was built 300 metres from the present-day location, near a curve.
 But it was moved possibly because it was difficult to expand the railway station into a railyard, and there was not enough space near a curve for building the double-track section.
Pattani Railway Station or Pattani (Khok Pho) Railway Station is a railway station located in Khok Pho Subdistrict, Khok Pho District, Pattani.
 It is a class 1 railway station located 1009.209 km from Thon Buri Railway Station.
 The station opened in April 1917 as Khok Pho Station, as part of the Southern Line section between U Taphao Junction (Hat Yai)-Khlong Sai.
 The line extended further south, terminating at Su-ngai Kolok in September 1921, where it linked up with the Malaysian railway.
Pak Nam Pho Railway Station is a railway station located in Pak Nam Pho Subdistrict, Nakhon Sawan City, Nakhon Sawan.
 It is located 250.559 km from Bangkok Railway Station and is a class 1 railway station.
 It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand.
 The station opened on 31 October 1905 as part of the Northern Line extension from Lop Buri to Pak Nam Pho.
 The line continued to Phitsanulok in 1908.
 Originally, this was the railway station for Nakhon Sawan City as passengers would alight here and cross the Chao Phraya River to reach the city, however its main purpose was removed as the new railway station built at Nong Pling replaced its role.
 Today, the station acts as a railyard, a railway maintenance centre and a junction for an occasionally-used freight line to Kamnansong Rice Mill.
