The Community Health Nurses Training College is public tertiary health institution in Fomena in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
 The college is in the Adansi North District.
 The activities of the institution is supervised by the Ministry of Education.
 The Nurses and Midwifery Council (NMC) regulates the activities, curriculum and examination of the student nurses and midwives.
 The Council's mandate Is enshrined under section 4(1) of N.R.C.D 117.
St Luke's Hospital is a community hospital in Singapore that provides professional healthcare services.
 It was named after the patron saint of the medical profession, St Luke.
 St Luke's Hospital for the Elderly Sick was registered as a voluntary welfare organisation in the Registry of Societies in October 1991.
 It was renamed as St Luke's hospital in September 2004 to signify the hospital's role as a community hospital while retaining its focus on geriatric care.
 The idea of setting up community hospital was first mooted by a group of Christian doctors and nurses after a report from the Advisory Council on the Aged in 1988 raised important issues concerning the lack of adequate elderly care facilities in Singapore.
 A projection of the number of facilities and resources needed to provide adequate healthcare services to Singapore's ageing population in 2030 revealed serious shortfalls.
 In response to the problem of inadequate healthcare facilities for the elderly, a group of 8 churches and Christian organisations including the Graduate Christian Fellowship and the Singapore Nurses' Christian Fellowship came together to set up St Luke's Hospital for the Elderly Sick.
 St Luke's Hospital is headed by a board of directors and various committees that oversee the daily operations of the hospital.
Night Call Nurses is a 1972 film directed by Jonathan Kaplan.
 It is the third in Roger Corman's "nurses" cycle of films, starting with "The Student Nurses" (1970).
Richard Benjamin Speck (December 6, 1941 – December 5, 1991) was an American mass murderer who systematically tortured, raped, and murdered eight student nurses from South Chicago Community Hospital on the night of July 13-14, 1966.
The Ankaful Nurses Training College is public tertiary health institution in the Ankaful in the Central Region of Ghana.
 The college is in the Cape Coast Metropolitan Assembly.
 The school is located at the Ankaful Psychiatric Hospital.
 The activities of the institution is supervised by the Ministry of Education.
 A Diploma in Nursing certificate is awarded students from the institution upon successfully completing a three-year nursing training programme.
 The Nurses and Midwifery Council (NMC) is the regulates the activities, curriculum and examination of the student nurses and midwives.
 The Council's mandate Is enshrined under section 4(1) of N.R.C.D 117.
 The college specializes in the training of psychiatric nurses.
Louis B. Garippo (June 4, 1931 – May 31, 2016) was a former Cook County judge and supervisor in the state’s attorney’s office best known as the presiding judge over the trial of John Wayne Gacy.
 He also made notable contributions during the trial of Richard Speck and the controversy which surrounded Chief Illiniwek.
The Jurong Community Hospital (Abbreviation: JCH) is a 400-bed community hospital in Jurong East.
 It is part of an integrated healthcare development, under JurongHealth, that includes the Ng Teng Fong General Hospital (abbreviated to NTFGH).
 While Jurong Community Hospital has commenced operations from 22 July 2015, it was officially opened alongside NTFGH on 10 October 2015.
"Empty Eyes" is the eighteenth episode of the of the television series "".
 This episode was unusual for the show as it was aired in the UK with an adult content warning; previously only "Slaves of Las Vegas" had received similar attention from censors.
 The crime portrayed in this episode had many similar elements to the murder of eight student nurses from South Chicago Community Hospital in 1966 by Richard Speck.
Guillermo Sapiro (born 1966) is a computer scientist, electrical engineer and professor who has made notable contributions to image processing.
 He worked at The University of Minnesota for 15 years before becoming a professor at Duke University.
 He has also worked at Hewlett Packard Labs (HP Laboratories) researching image processing and is known for being one of the people who originally developed the LOCO-I Compression Algorithm for lossless image compression (that was used in NASA's ICER image file format for various Mars rover expeditions) while he was working there.
 He has also made significant contributions towards the development of the rotobrush tool in Adobe After Effects, which has been included in After Effects since version CS5.
 Adobe makes use of his research in various projects like Photoshop and also frequently hires his students.
 He also teaches a massive open online course through Coursera on image and video processing.
 The title of the course is "Image and video processing: From Mars to Hollywood with a stop at the hospital."
 He lives with his wife, two sons, and a very fat golden retriever named Hummus.
Maple View Sanitarium, also known as Community Hospital, Good Samaritan Nursing Home, and the Fayette County Historical Center, is a historic building located in West Union, Iowa, United States.
 It was built by Dr. Frank Beach Whitmore in 1903.
 The facility could accommodate 12 to 15 patients, it had its own operating room, and office.
 There was also a general store located in the commercial space on the main floor.
 Because medical care in a hospital was new in the community, it did not succeed and it folded in 1905.
 Whitmore left to become a missionary in China.
 The building housed professional offices and retail businesses until 1914 when the Nurses' Benevolent Association under the auspices of the Seventh-day Adventist Church bought the building for a hospital.
 It was more successful as a hospital the second time, and it was acquired by the city for a community hospital in 1920.
 After a new hospital building was constructed in 1951, the Good Samaritan Society bought the building for a nursing home.
 By 1973 changes in state law no longer made operating a nursing home here feasible.
 The Fayette County Historical Society acquired the building in 1975 for its use, and it operates a local history museum in the building.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
