Desert National Park, Rajasthan, India, is situated in the west Indian state of Rajasthan near the town of Jaisalmer.
 This is one of the largest national parks, covering an area of 3162 km².
 The Desert National Park is an excellent example of the ecosystem of the Thar Desert.
 Sand dunes form around 20% of the Park.
 The major landform consists of craggy rocks and compact salt lake bottoms, intermedial areas and fixed dunes.
The Blue Ridge Parkway is a National Parkway and All-American Road in the United States, noted for its scenic beauty.
 The parkway, which is America's longest linear park, runs for 469 mi through 29 Virginia and North Carolina counties, linking Shenandoah National Park to Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
 It runs mostly along the spine of the Blue Ridge, a major mountain chain that is part of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Its southern terminus is at U.S. 441 on the boundary between Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the Cherokee Indian Reservation in North Carolina, from which it travels north to Shenandoah National Park in Virginia.
 The roadway continues through Shenandoah as Skyline Drive, a similar scenic road which is managed by a different National Park Service unit.
The Mountain Masochist Trail Run (MMTR50) is a 50 mi ultramarathon that winds its way through the Blue Ridge Mountains.
 The course begins at the James River Visitor Center; runners cover a short out-and-back section on the Blue Ridge Parkway before completing a few short miles of road.
 The course then meanders northward over various dirt and gravel roads in the National Forest before runners have to negotiate the second half of the course.
 Leaving Long Mountain aid station, the second half includes dirt and old logging roads as well as several miles of single-track trail.
 Many say the race is just beginning when you leave Long Mountain.
 Upon reaching the last aid station at Porters Ridge, runners course downhill for 2.9 miles toward the finish in Montebello.
 The entire MMTR course traverses some of the most beautiful areas in the Blue Ridge right around peak fall foliage.
 The elevation climbs 9,200 feet and descends 7,000 feet.
Mount Sizer is a prominent peak located on Blue Ridge in Henry W. Coe State Park, just east of Morgan Hill, California.
 Because Mount Sizer is the highest point on Blue Ridge and under 10 mi from the park's headquarters, it makes it an ideal destination for day hikers.
 There are two ways to reach the summit.
 One by trails and one by a combination of trail and fire road.
 The fire road route leads almost directly up Blue Ridge to Mount Sizer and is affectionately nicknamed "The Shortcut".
 This road rises roughly 1500 ft in 1.3 mi giving it an average grade of 22%.
USS "Blue Ridge" (LCC-19) is the lead ship of the two "Blue Ridge"–class command ships of the United States Navy, and is the command ship of the United States Seventh Fleet.
 Her primary role is to provide command, control, communications, computers, and intelligence (C4I) support to the commander and staff of the United States Seventh Fleet.
 She is currently forward-deployed to U.S. Navy Fleet Activities, Yokosuka in Japan, and is the third Navy ship named after the Blue Ridge Mountains, a range of mountains in the Appalachian Mountains of the eastern United States.
 "Blue Ridge" is the oldest deployable warship of the U.S. Navy, following the decommissioning of  in Pearl Harbor on 14 August 2014.
 "Blue Ridge", now the U.S. Navy's active commissioned ship having the longest total period as active, flies the First Navy Jack.
 "Blue Ridge" is expected to remain in service until 2039.
The Blue Ridge Music Center is a music venue, museum, and visitor center located at milepost 213 on the Blue Ridge Parkway near Galax, Virginia.
 The center celebrates the music and musicians of the Blue Ridge Mountains through concerts, exhibits, and programs that highlight living musical heritage of the Blue Ridge region and interpret its significance within the larger landscape of American music and culture.
 The site is operated through a partnership between the National Park Service and Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation.
 The Music Center operates May through October.
 Free Midday Mountain Music acoustic sessions featuring local musicians are offered from noon to 4 p.m. daily.
 Concerts are offered most Saturdays during the season and include old-time, bluegrass, folk, Americana, gospel, and country blues performances.
 The Roots of American Music Museum on site showcases the region's rich musical heritage.
 Admission to the museum is free.
The Blue Ridge Tunnel (also known as the Crozet Tunnel) is a historic railroad tunnel built during the construction of the Blue Ridge Railroad in the 1850s.
 The tunnel was the westernmost and longest of four tunnels engineered by Claudius Crozet to cross the Blue Ridge Mountains at Rockfish Gap in central Virginia.
 At 4237 ft in length, the tunnel was the longest tunnel in the United States at the time of its completion in 1858.
 The tunnel was used by the Virginia Central Railroad from its opening to 1868, when the line was reorganized as the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad (renamed Chesapeake and Ohio Railway in 1878).
 The Chesapeake and Ohio routed trains through the tunnel until it was abandoned and replaced by a new tunnel in 1944.
 The new tunnel was named the "Blue Ridge Tunnel" as well, although the original tunnel still remains abandoned nearby.
 The old Blue Ridge Tunnel has since been named a Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Located at fifteen minutes by car from Magog, Quebec, the "Tomifobia Nature Trail" with a length of 19 km links the Lake Massawippi (either Ayer's Cliff, Quebec to Beebe Plain, Vermont along the west bank of the Tomifobia river, through Stanstead, Quebec which is located before the border Quebec-Vermont.
 This trail in the heart of a linear park of 140 acres, also interconnects to other paths in Vermont.
 This trail is mostly used in three seasons by cyclists, hikers, runners feet; and in winter by cross-country ski enthusiasts.
 This trail is a preferred corridor for wildlife observation of animal and flora in a wild nature and the flowing Tomifobia river at the center of this little valley.
 This linear park attracts thousands of visitors who enjoy including three car parking lots Ayer's Cliff allowing them to take the path.
Elk Ridge is a mountain ridge of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Maryland.
 The ridge is located to the west of South Mountain and runs roughly parallel to it from Rohrersville, in the north, to the Potomac River across from Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, in the south.
 Across the Potomac the ridge continues as Blue Ridge Mountain in Virginia and West Virginia.
 The southern end of the ridge, which is part of Harpers Ferry National Historical Park, is known as Maryland Heights.
Russell Collier "Rusty" Saunders (March 12, 1906 to November 24, 1967), was an American Major League Baseball outfielder who played in 1927 with the Philadelphia Athletics.
 He was born and died in Trenton, New Jersey.
 He batted and threw right-handed.
 Saunders began his professional baseball career with the Chambersburg Maroons of the Blue Ridge League in 1927.
 He had a very impressive .983 fielding percentage playing in 95 games as part of the Chambersburg team that won the Blue Ridge Championship that year.
 After the Blue Ridge League season ended, Saunders was called up to the baseball major leagues.
 Saunders had a .133 batting average in five games, two hits in 15 at-bats, in his brief time in the majors.
 He continued to play minor league baseball through the 1931 season.
