Greta Garbo (born Greta Lovisa Gustafsson; ] ; 18 September 1905 – 15 April 1990), was a Swedish-born American film actress during the 1920s and 1930s.
 Garbo was nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Actress and received an Academy Honorary Award in 1954 for her "luminous and unforgettable screen performances."
 In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked Garbo fifth on their list of the greatest female stars of classic Hollywood cinema, after Katharine Hepburn, Bette Davis, Audrey Hepburn, and Ingrid Bergman.
The Aviator is a 2004 American epic biographical drama film directed by Martin Scorsese, written by John Logan.
 It stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Howard Hughes, Cate Blanchett as Katharine Hepburn and Kate Beckinsale as Ava Gardner.
 The supporting cast features Ian Holm, John C. Reilly, Alec Baldwin, Jude Law as Errol Flynn, Gwen Stefani as Jean Harlow, Kelli Garner as Faith Domergue, Willem Dafoe, Alan Alda, and Edward Herrmann.
Edward Lionel Pape (17 April 1877 – 21 October 1944) was an English born stage and screen actor.
 His acting career begun in his native UK with eventual migration to the US.
 He appeared on the Broadway stage in over 20 productions between 1912 and 1935.
 The beginning of his screen career goes back to the silent film era.
 Between the 1930s and early 1940s, he played supporting roles and bit parts in over 50 Hollywood movies.
 He played in numerous films of directors like John Ford, Ernst Lubitsch and George Cukor.
 Pape portrayed Katharine Hepburn's butler in "The Philadelphia Story" (1940) and appeared as the oppressive coal mine owner in "How Green Was My Valley" (1941).
Katharine Hepburn (May 12, 1907 – June 29, 2003) was a major American actress of the 20th century who appeared in 44 feature films, eight television movies and 33 plays for over 66 years.
 Hepburn began her career in theatre in the late 1920s, and later appeared on the stage in every decade up until the 1980s.
 Productions Hepburn played in ranged from Shakespeare, to Philip Barry comedies, work by George Bernard Shaw, and a musical.
 Hepburn made her film debut in "A Bill of Divorcement" in 1932.
 Over the next six decades, she appeared in a range of genres, including screwball comedies, period dramas, and adaptations of works by notable playwrights Tennessee Williams, Eugene O'Neill, and Edward Albee.
 Her final appearance in a theatrically released film was a supporting role in "Love Affair" in 1994.
 Hepburn first appeared in a television movie in 1973, and later continued to appear in the medium until she gave the final performance of her career in "One Christmas" in 1994.
 Hepburn also presented two documentaries for television, and narrated two short documentaries.
The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center is a theater in Old Saybrook, Connecticut that opened in 2009.
 It is the only theater in the world that is named for Katharine Hepburn, the 4-time Academy Award winning actress.
Catherine Elise Blanchett, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 14 May 1969) is an Australian actress and theatre director.
 She has received international acclaim and many accolades, including two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three BAFTA Awards, six AACTA Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards. Blanchett came to international attention for her role as Elizabeth I of England in Shekhar Kapur's 1998 film "Elizabeth", for which she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award, and earned her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination.
 Her portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese's 2004 film "The Aviator" brought her critical acclaim and many accolades, including the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, making her the only actor to win an Oscar for portraying another Oscar-winning actor.
 In 2013, she starred as Jasmine Francis in Woody Allen's "Blue Jasmine", for which she won numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Kenneth Welsh, CM (born March 30, 1942) is a Canadian-American film and television actor (sometimes credited as Ken Welsh).
 He is known as the multi-faceted villain Windom Earle in "Twin Peaks", and played the father of Katharine Hepburn as portrayed by Cate Blanchett in Martin Scorsese's "The Aviator".
 He lives outside of Toronto.
Katharine Martha Houghton Hepburn (February 2, 1878 – March 17, 1951) was an American feminist social reformer and a leader of the suffrage movement in the United States.
 Hepburn served as president of the Connecticut Woman Suffrage Association before joining the National Woman's Party.
 Alongside Margaret Sanger, Hepburn co-founded the organization that would become Planned Parenthood.
 She was the mother of Academy Award winning actress Katharine Hepburn.
Katharine Houghton (born Katharine Houghton Grant; March 10, 1945) is an American actress and playwright.
 She portrayed Joanna "Joey" Drayton, a white American woman who brings home her black American fiancé to meet her parents, in the 1967 film "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner".
 Katharine Hepburn, who played the mother of Houghton's character in the film was, in real life, Houghton's aunt.
Guess Who's Coming to Dinner is a 1967 American comedy-drama film produced and directed by Stanley Kramer, and written by William Rose.
 It stars Spencer Tracy, Sidney Poitier, and Katharine Hepburn, and features Hepburn's niece Katharine Houghton.
 The film contains a (then rare) positive representation of the controversial subject of interracial marriage, which historically had been illegal in most states of the United States, and still was illegal in 17 states—mostly Southern states—until 12 June 1967, six months before the film was released, roughly two weeks after Tracy filmed his final scene (and two days after his death), when anti-miscegenation laws were struck down by the Supreme Court in "Loving v. Virginia".
 The film's Oscar-nominated score was composed by Frank De Vol.
