The Cockstock Incident was a major factor in the passage of an 1844 exclusion law against free black men living within the U.S. Territory of Oregon.
 It centered on a fight between a Wasco Native American man, Cockstock, and a free black man, James D. Saules, over ownership of a horse.
 The argument escalated into a melee that killed three men, and led to rhetoric among white settlers that African-Americans could create an uprising among local Native American tribes against black and white settlers alike.
Squandro was sachem of the Sokokis tribe in 1675, an American Indian tribe that lived near the Saco River at Saco in Maine.
 Squandro gained respect among whites because his tribe lived in peace with white settlers for about 50 years.
 Legend dictates that Squandro returned a white girl who had been captured in a previous raid and reared by his tribe.
 Dignified and solemn, Squandro was believed to have powers of sorcery and magic.
 Due to white settlers killing his son and perhaps his wife, Squandro uttered the "Saco Curse" and carried out the first blow in King Philip's War.
The Waterloo Bay massacre or Elliston massacre refers to a fatal clash between settlers and Aboriginal Australians in late May 1849 on the cliffs of Waterloo Bay near Elliston, South Australia which led to the deaths of a number of Aboriginal people.
 The events leading up to the fatal clash included killings of three white settlers by Aboriginal people, and the killing of one Aboriginal person and the death by poisoning of five others by white settlers.
 The limited archival records indicate that three Aboriginal people were killed or died of wounds from the clash, and five were captured, however, accounts of the killing of up to 260 Aboriginal people at the cliffs have persistently circulated since at least 1880.
The Battle of Hightower (also called Battle of Etowah) in 1793 was part of the Cherokee–American wars, in which the Cherokee sought to defend their territory from illegal immigration by white settlers.
 This particular battle took place at the Cherokee village of Etowah Town ("Itawayi"), overlooking Downtown Rome, GA in the modern Floyd County, Georgia, resulting in the defeat of the Cherokee by a force led by John Sevier, future Governor of Tennessee.
The Ani-kutani (ᎠᏂᎫᏔᏂ) were the ancient priesthood of the Cherokee people.
 According to Cherokee legend, the Ani-Kutani were slain during a mass uprising by the Cherokee people approximately 300 years prior to European contact.
 This uprising was sparked by the fact that the Ani-Kutani had become corrupt and conducted sexual improprieties.
 The ancient structure of Cherokee Society and the Cherokee Clans were closely linked to the beliefs of the Ani-Kutani.
Old Tassel (or sometimes Corntassel) (Cherokee language: "Utsi'dsata"), ( died 1788), was "First Beloved Man" (the equivalent of a regional Cherokee chief) of the Overhill Cherokee after 1783.
 He continuously tried to keep the Cherokee people of the Overhill region out of the Cherokee–American wars being fought at the time between the American frontiersmen and the Chickamauga warriors under Dragging Canoe.
 He was murdered under a flag of truce while defending his tribe from white settlers.
The Cherokee Heritage Center is a non-profit historical society and museum campus that seeks to preserve the historical and cultural artifacts, language, and traditional crafts of the Cherokee.
 The Heritage center also hosts the central genealogy database and genealogy research center for the Cherokee People.
 The Heritage Center is located on the site of the mid-19th century Cherokee Seminary building in Park Hill, Oklahoma, a suburb of Tahlequah, and was constructed near the old structure.
 It is a unit of the Cherokee National Historical Society and is sponsored by the Cherokee Nation, the United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, and other area tribes.
 The center was originally known as Tsa-La-Gi but is now known as the Cherokee Heritage Center.
The Chickamauga Cherokee were a group that separated from the greater body of the Cherokee tribes during the American Revolution.
 The majority of the Cherokee people wished to make peace with the American rebels near the end of 1776 following several military setbacks and the reprisals that followed.
 The "Chickamauga" followers of headman, Dragging Canoe, moved with him down the Tennessee River away from their historic Overhill Cherokee towns in the winter of 1776–1777.
 Relocated in a more isolated area, they established eleven new towns in order to gain distance from colonists' encroachments.
 The frontier Americans associated Dragging Canoe and his band with their new town on the Chickamauga Creek, and began to refer to them as the "Chickamaugas."
 Five years later, the Cherokee once more moved further west and southwest into what is now called Alabama, establishing five larger settlements.
 They were then more commonly known as the "Lower Cherokee".
 This term was closely associated with the people of these "Five Lower Towns".
Boyds Creek is an unincorporated community in Sevier County, Tennessee, United States.
 It is named for a small southward-flowing tributary of the French Broad River of the same name, which itself derives its name from a Virginian trader, killed by a band of Cherokee Indians, whose body was thrown into the stream.
 The creek was the site of a 1780 battle (The Battle of Boyd's Creek) between white settlers and Cherokee angry at the settlers' encroachment onto their hunting territory.
Hooker Jim (1851–1879) was a Modoc warrior who played a pivotal role in the Modoc War.
 Hooker Jim was the son-in-law of tribal medicine man Curley Headed Doctor.
 After white settlers massacred Modoc women and children contemporaneously with the Battle of Lost River, Hooker Jim led a group of Modocs overland to Captain Jack's Stronghold.
 During their march, Hooker Jim and his warriors killed several white settlers in revenge.
