Very low calorie diet (VLCD) is a diet with very or extremely low daily food energy consumption.
 It is defined as a diet of 800 kcal per day or less.
 VLCDs are formulated, nutritionally complete, liquid meals containing 800 kilocalories or less per day.
 VLCDs also contain the recommended daily requirements for vitamins, minerals, trace elements, fatty acids and protein.
 Carbohydrate may be entirely absent, or substituted for a portion of the protein; this choice has important metabolic effects.
 The VLCD products are usually a powder which is mixed with water or another low-food-energy liquid.
 The VLCD is prescribed on a case to case basis for rapid weight loss (about 1.5 to 2.5 kilograms or 3 to 5 pounds per week) in people with Body Mass Index of 30 and above.
 The health care provider can recommend the diet to a patient with a BMI between 27 and 30 if the medical complications the patient has due to being overweight present serious health risks.
 It results in 4% more weight loss over the short term as compared to control.
Weight loss, in the context of medicine, health, or physical fitness, refers to a reduction of the total body mass, due to a mean loss of fluid, body fat or adipose tissue or lean mass, namely bone mineral deposits, muscle, tendon, and other connective tissue.
 Weight loss can either occur unintentionally due to malnourishment or an underlying disease or arise from a conscious effort to improve an actual or perceived overweight or obese state.
 "Unexplained" weight loss that is not caused by reduction in calorific intake or exercise is called cachexia and may be a symptom of a serious medical condition.
 Intentional weight loss is commonly referred to as slimming.
Eat to Live: The Amazing Nutrient-Rich Program for Fast and Sustained Weight Loss is a book written in 2003 by Dr. Joel Fuhrman, which he revised in 2011.
 The book offers a formula: health = nutrients / calories.
Diet food (or dietetic food) refers to any food or beverage whose recipe is altered to reduce fat, carbohydrates, and/or sugar in order to make it part of a weight loss program or diet.
 Such foods are usually intended to assist in weight loss or a change in body type, although bodybuilding supplements are designed to aid in gaining weight or muscle.
Weight Wins is a UK weight loss business which has developed and commercialised the concept of personal contracts for weight loss.
 The company has attracted attention from UK and international media for its ‘Pounds for Pounds’ weight loss programme and for operating the first trial by the UK’s National Health Service (NHS) of a weight loss incentive programme.
Management of obesity can include lifestyle changes, medications, or surgery.
 The main treatment for obesity consists of dieting and physical exercise.
 Diet programs may produce weight loss over the short term, but maintaining this weight loss is frequently difficult and often requires making exercise and a lower calorie diet a permanent part of an individual's lifestyle.
 Success rates of long-term weight loss maintenance with lifestyle changes are low, ranging from 2 to 20%.
 Dietary and lifestyle changes are effective in limiting excessive weight gain in pregnancy and improve outcomes for both the mother and the child.
 The National Institutes of Health recommend a weight loss goal of 5% to 10% of the person's current weight over six months.
"Jared Has Aides" is the first episode of the sixth season of the adult American animated television series "South Park".
 It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on March 6, 2002.
 The episode was rated TV-MA in the United States, except on syndicated broadcasts, where it is rated TV-14 instead.
 In the episode, weight loss advocate Jared Fogle incurs the wrath of South Park after he announces that he lost weight because he has aides (misinterpreted as AIDS).
 This leads the boys to try to use Butters as their own advocate for City Wok.
 The episode also parodies the film "Philadelphia".
The Scarsdale diet is a fad diet designed for weight loss created in the 1970s by Herman Tarnower, named for the town in New York where he practiced cardiology, described in the book "The Complete Scarsdale Medical Diet plus Dr. Tarnower's Lifetime Keep-Slim Program", which Tarnower wrote with an author of self-help books, Sam Sinclair Baker.
 The diet carries potential health risks and does not instill the kind of healthy eating habits required for sustainable weight loss.
Judy Mazel (December 20, 1943 – October 12, 2007) was the American weight loss advocate and author of the ""The Beverly Hills Diet"", which became a 1981 best seller and a nationwide diet craze.
 Judy Mazel was a devout practicing Jew and was raised in a conservative Ashkenazi Jewish home.
Eat Smart, Move More, Weigh Less is a 15-week adult weight management program that uses strategies based on evidence for weight loss and/or weight maintenance.
 The Eat Smart Move More Weigh Less classes focus on the 12 evidence-based eating and physical activity behaviors for weight management.
 The program does not provide a prescriptive diet plan, it teaches small lifetime changes.
 The program teaches mindfulness as a strategy to become more aware of eating and physical activity.
 Eat Smart, Move More, Weigh Less includes methods for planning and tracking healthy eating and physical activity behaviors.
 In 2007, Eat Smart, Move More, Weigh Less curriculum was developed by a writing team from NC State University and NC Division of Public Health.
 A complete listing of authors and their respective affiliations can be found on the program website.
 The 15-lesson curriculum was peer reviewed by state and local nutrition and physical activity professionals, representatives from the medical community, and a CDC project officer.
