The Fragrance of Guava is a book based on the long conversations between Gabriel García Márquez and his close friend Plinio Apuleyo Mendoza.
 Published in 1982, the book describes the life of García Márquez, from his early childhood to his encounters with celebrities.
 The title of the book in Spanish is "El Olor de la Guayaba".
 It was translated as "The Fragrance of Guava"; however, the literal translation should be "The Smell of Guava".
"Despedida" (English: "Farewell" ) is a song recorded by Colombian singer Shakira for the extended play (EP) "Love in the Time of Cholera" (2008).
 The song was written by her and Pedro Aznar originally for the Mike Newell-directed 2007 movie adaptation of Colombian writer Gabriel García Márquez's 1985 novel "Love in the Time of Cholera".
 Antonio Pinto handled its composition and production.
 Shakira was initially offered a role by the producers of the movie to take part as the main protagonist.
 However, she refused the offer and accepted to collaborate with the musical team due to her friendship with García Márquez.
 Musically, "Despedida" is a folk song which discusses nostalgic love sentiments towards a person the protagonist lost.
The General in His Labyrinth (original Spanish title: "El general en su laberinto" ) is a novel by the Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel García Márquez.
 It is a fictionalized account of the last days of Simón Bolívar, liberator and leader of Gran Colombia.
 First published in 1989, the book traces Bolívar's final journey from Bogotá to the Caribbean coastline of Colombia in his attempt to leave South America for exile in Europe.
 In this dictator novel about a continental hero, "despair, sickness, and death inevitably win out over love, health, and life".
 Breaking with the traditional heroic portrayal of Bolívar "El Libertador" , García Márquez depicts a pathetic protagonist, a prematurely aged man who is physically ill and mentally exhausted.
 The story explores the labyrinth of Bolívar's life through the narrative of his memories.
Florencia en el Amazonas (English title: "Florencia in the Amazon") is an opera in two acts composed by Daniel Catán.
 It contains elements of magical realism in the style of Gabriel García Márquez and uses a libretto by Marcela Fuentes-Berain, one of his pupils.
 The characters are inspired by García Márquez, but the story is not drawn directly from any of his works.
 "Florencia" was co-commissioned by Houston Grand Opera, Los Angeles Opera, and Seattle Opera and premiered in Houston on October 25, 1996.
 It was the first Spanish-language opera to be commissioned by major United States opera houses.
Álvaro Cepeda Samudio (March 30, 1926 – October 12, 1972) was a Colombian journalist, novelist, short story writer, and filmmaker.
 Within Colombia and the rest of Latin America, he is known in his own right as an important and innovative writer and journalist, largely inspiring much of the artistically, intellectually and politically active climate for which this particular time and place, that of mid-century Colombia, has become known.
 His fame is considerably more quaint outside his home country, where it derives primarily from his standing as having been part of the influential artistic and intellectual circle in Colombia in which fellow writer and journalist Gabriel García Márquez—with whom he was also a member of the more particularized Barranquilla Group—and painter Alejandro Obregón also played prominent roles.
 Only one of his works, "La casa grande", has received considerable notice beyond the Spanish-speaking world, having been translated into several languages, English and French among them; his fame as a writer has therefore been significantly curtailed in the greater international readership, as the breadth of his literary and journalistic output has reached few audiences beyond those of Latin America and Latin American literary scholars.
Ángela Becerra Acevedo (Cali, Colombia, July 17, 1957) is a Colombian writer.
 She has won several awards such as the Planeta-Casa de América Award (Premio Planeta - Casa de América) in 2009, the Azorín Prize (Premio Azorín) in 2005 and four Chicago Latin Literary Awards.
 Her works have been translated into 23 languages and published in more than 50 countries.
 She is one of the most widely read Spanish-speaking authors, the most read Colombian writer after Gabriel García Márquez, and considered the creator of the Magical Idealism.
"The Solitude of Latin America" is the title of the speech given by Gabriel García Márquez upon receiving his Nobel Prize in Literature on 8 December 1982.
 The Nobel Prize was presented to Márquez by Professor Lars Gyllensten of the Swedish Academy.
His 2008 book, "Gabriel García Márquez.
 A Life", was the first full biography of García Márquez to be published in English.
Leaf Storm is the common translation for Gabriel García Márquez's novella La Hojarasca.
 First published in 1955, it took seven years to find a publisher.
 Widely celebrated as the first appearance of Macondo, the fictitious village later made famous in "One Hundred Years of Solitude", "Leaf Storm" is a testing ground for many of the themes and characters later immortalized in said book.
 It is also the title of a short story collection by García Márquez.
No One Writes to the Colonel (Spanish: "El coronel no tiene quien le escriba" ) is a novella written by the Colombian novelist and Nobel Prize in Literature winner Gabriel García Márquez.
 It also gives its name to a short story collection.
 García Márquez considered it his best book, saying that he had to write "One Hundred Years of Solitude" so that people would read "No One Writes to the Colonel".
