Luigi Cherubini (] ; 8 or 14 September 1760 – 15 March 1842) was an Italian composer who spent most of his working life in France.
 His most significant compositions are operas and sacred music.
 Beethoven regarded Cherubini as the greatest of his contemporaries.
François-Benoît Hoffman (11 July 1760 – 25 April 1828) was a French playwright and critic, best known today for his operatic librettos, including those set to music by Étienne Méhul and Luigi Cherubini (most notably Cherubini's "Médée", 1797).
Épicure ("Epicurus") is an opera in three acts with music by the composers Étienne Méhul and Luigi Cherubini.
 The libretto is by Charles-Albert Demoustier.
 It was first performed at the Opéra-Comique, Paris on 14 March 1800.
 It was a complete failure, enjoying only three performances.
 For the third and final performance on 20 March the opera was reduced from three acts to two.
 Cherubini wrote the overture, the first act and half of the third; Méhul the second act and the rest of the third.
Ali Baba, ou les quarante voleurs is a "tragédie lyrique" in four acts plus a prologue, with libretto by Eugène Scribe and Mélesville and music by Luigi Cherubini.
 The story is based on Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves.
 It was premiered by the Paris Opera in the Salle Le Peletier on 22 July 1833.
 It was Cherubini's last opera, though he lived for nearly a decade longer.
 It is also his longest opera, lasting for about three and a half hours at the premiere.
Pauline Duchambge née de Montet (1778 – 23 April 1858) was a French Creole pianist, singer, and composer.
 Duchambdge (Montet) was born in Martinique, West Indies and was the daughter of a noble family.
 She was taken to Paris, where she received a convent education and studied the piano from composer and author Jean Baptiste Desormery, son of the famous comic opera actor and composer Léopold-Bastien Desormery.
 Pauline composed and performed as a singer and a pianist.
 She studied harmony and composition with Daniel Auber and with Luigi Cherubini, who wrote several compositions for her.
 She also studied piano and composition with Jan Ladislav Dussek.
 Pauline left the convent in 1792 and married Baron Duchambge in 1796.
 In 1798 at the age of 20, she lost both her parents and with them the family fortune.
 Soon afterwards she was later divorced.
 It was after these events that Duchamge musical education began in earnest.
 She studied church music with Jan Dussek, Luigi Cherubini and D.F.E Auber.
 In 1815, Duchambge met the French poet and novelist, Marceline Desbordes-Valmore beginning a lifelong friendship and collaboration.
 Their friendship is documented by a lengthy correspondence and a number of songs by Duchambge on Debordes-Valmore’s texts including L’adieu tout bas, La fiancée del marin, Je pense à lui, La jeune Châtelaine, Rêve du mousse, La sincère and La valse et l’automne.
 Duchambge also composed music to texts and romances of other female authors such as Mme Amble Tastu and Mme Emile De Girardin.
 Pauline Duchambge wrote over three hundred romances, a very popular genre in the nineteenth century.
 Auber deposited three hundred of Duchambge’s songs in the Bibliothèque du Conservatoire in Paris.
 Eleven of Duchambge's individual songs and albums of songs were published between 1827 and 1841 by some of the leading Parisian publishers: Jean Antoine Meissonnier, Jacques-Joseph Frey, A. Petibon, and Ignace Pleyel.
 Her works reached a German audience through the Berlin publisher Maurice Schlesinger and the Schott firm in Mainz.
 In addition to songs, Duchambge wrote a few piano pieces.
 Duchambge had a difficult life, struggling with poverty, delicate health, and the disenchantments of love; her music expresses her emotions.
 She commented: "Love, it is life!
 but a life full of troubles, illusions, deceptions, repentance, discouragements…. "
Lodoïska is an opera by Luigi Cherubini to a French libretto by Claude-François Fillette-Loraux after an episode from Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai’s novel, "Les amours du chevalier de Faublas".
 It takes the form of a "comédie héroïque" (a type of "opéra comique") in three acts, and was a founding work of rescue opera.
 It has also been called one of the first Romantic operas, though Cherubini's work was basically classical.
Le calife de Bagdad ("The Caliph of Baghdad") is an "opéra comique" in one act by the French composer François-Adrien Boieldieu with a libretto by Claude Godard d'Aucourt de Saint-Just.
 It was first performed at the Opéra-Comique, Paris on 16 September 1800 and soon became highly popular throughout Europe.
 It was Boieldieu's first major triumph.
 One member of the audience who was less impressed was the noted composer Luigi Cherubini who reproached Boieldieu, "Aren't you ashamed of such a great success, and doing so little to deserve it?"
 Boieldieu immediately applied to Cherubini for lessons in compositional techniques.
A Child of Our Time is a secular oratorio by the British composer Michael Tippett (190598), who also wrote the libretto.
 Composed between 1939 and 1941, it was first performed at the Adelphi Theatre, London, on 19 March 1944.
 The work was inspired by events that affected Tippett profoundly: the assassination in 1938 of a German diplomat by a young Jewish refugee, and the Nazi government's reaction in the form of a violent pogrom against its Jewish population—called Kristallnacht.
 Tippett's oratorio deals with these incidents in the context of the experiences of oppressed people generally, and carries a strongly pacifist message of ultimate understanding and reconciliation.
 The text's recurrent themes of shadow and light reflect the Jungian psychoanalysis which Tippett underwent in the years immediately before writing the work.
The Overture in G major by Luigi Cherubini (1760-1842) is an orchestral work written for concert use in early 1815.
 It is unusual among Cherubini's overtures in that his other, better known overtures (such as those to "Anacreon", "Médée", "Les deux journées" and "Ali Baba"), were intended to introduce stage works.
 Although born in Italy Cherubini had been living in France since 1784, and had earned world fame through a series of operas composed for the Paris stage.
 In the first decade of the nineteenth century the vogue for his dramatic works began to wane, and he turned increasingly to sacred music.
The Michael Tippett School is a special needs secondary school for students with severe learning difficulties located in south London.
 It is named after the composer Michael Tippett.
