Costus curvibracteatus is a tropical rhizomatous perennial native to Costa Rica and Panama.
 A member of the spiral ginger family of plants, its common name is orange tulip ginger.
 It is also sometimes referred to as spiral ginger; however, this common name is better associated with "Costus barbatus", a more widely cultivated and very similar species.
 Despite the name and its relation to the ginger family (Zingiberaceae), the rhizomes of the orange tulip ginger are not edible.
Nabak-kimchi (나박김치 ) is a watery kimchi, similar to "dongchimi", in Korean cuisine.
 It is made of thinly sliced Korean radish and napa cabbage (called "baechu", hangul 배추, in Korean) into a rectangular shape as main ingredients and salted them with mixed vegetables and spices such as cucumber, scallion, water dropwort (called ""minari"", 미나리 in Korean), garlic, ginger, red chilies, chili pepper powder, sugar, salt, and water.
Cicutoxin is a poisonous polyyne and alcohol found in various plants, such as the highly toxic water hemlock ("Cicuta" species).
 It is a natural product structurally related to the oenanthotoxin of hemlock water dropwort.
Oxypolis filiformis is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names water cowbane and water dropwort.
 It grows in swamps, freshwater wetlands, and along the borders of ponds in the southeastern United States, as far north as Delaware, as well as the northern Bahamian pineyards of the Bahamas.
Anthriscus sylvestris, known as cow parsley, wild chervil, wild beaked parsley, or keck is a herbaceous biennial or short-lived perennial plant in the family Apiaceae (Umbelliferae), genus "Anthriscus".
 It is also sometimes called mother-die (especially in the UK), a name that is also applied to the common hawthorn.
 It is native to Europe, western Asia and northwestern Africa; in the south of its range in the Mediterranean region, it is limited to higher altitudes.
 It is related to other diverse members of Apiaceae, such as parsley, carrot, hemlock and hogweed.
 It is often confused with "Daucus carota" which is known as Queen Anne's lace or wild carrot, also a member of the Apiaceae.
Cicuta, commonly known as water hemlock, is a small genus of four species of highly poisonous plants in the family Apiaceae.
 They are perennial herbaceous plants which grow up to 2.5 m tall, having distinctive small green or white flowers arranged in an umbrella shape (umbel).
 Plants in this genus may also be referred to as cowbane or poison parsnip.
 "Cicuta" is native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, mainly North America and Europe, typically growing in wet meadows, along streambanks and other wet and marshy areas.
 These plants bear a close resemblance to other members in the family Apiaceae and may be confused with a number of other edible and poisonous plants.
 The common name hemlock may also be confused with poison hemlock ("Conium maculatum").
Bunium luristanicum is a species of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae described by Karl Heinz Rechinger.
 "Bunium luristanicum" is part of genus Bunium, and in the family Apiaceae.
 For this species no subspecies are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
Costus osae is a rare member of the Costus family.
 One of many rare tropical plants in the Costus family, "Costus osae" is a species native to Costa Rica described in 1997 .
 It has also been reported from Colombia.
Oenanthotoxin is a toxin extracted from hemlock water dropwort ("Oenanthe crocata") and other plants of the genus "Oenanthe".
 It is a central nervous system poison, and acts as a noncompetitive gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) antagonist.
 A case has been made for the presence of this toxin in local "Oenanthe" species playing a causative role in euthanasia in ancient Sardinia.
 It was crystallized in 1949 by Clarke and co-workers.
 It is structurally closely related to the toxins cicutoxin and carotatoxin.
 Oenanthotoxin is a C17 polyacetylene isomer of cicutoxin.
Oenanthe javanica, commonly Java waterdropwort, Chinese celery, Indian pennywort, water celery and water dropwort, is a plant of the water dropwort genus originating from East Asia.
 (Chinese celery is also the name given to "Apium graveolens" var.
 "secalinum").
 It has a widespread native distribution in temperate Asia and tropical Asia, and is also native to Queensland, Australia.
