"Lawnmower Dog" is the second episode of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on December 9, 2013, was written by Ryan Ridley, and directed by John Rice.
 In the episode, Rick gives Jerry a device to enhance the dog's intelligence, whilst Rick and Morty get lost in the dreams of Morty's math teacher.
 The episode was well received, with approximately 1.5 million viewers when airing.
"The Ricks Must Be Crazy" is the sixth episode in the second season of the American animated television sitcom "Rick and Morty", and the seventeenth overall episode in the series.
 Written by Dan Guterman and directed by Dominic Polcino, the episode first aired on Adult Swim in the United States on August 30, 2015.
 It is speculated that the title of the episode is a reference to the 1980 film "The Gods Must Be Crazy".
"The Wedding Squanchers" is the tenth and final episode of the second season of the American animated television sitcom "Rick and Morty", and the 21st overall episode of the series.
 Written by Tom Kauffman and directed by Wes Archer, the episode first aired on Adult Swim in the United States on October 4, 2015.
"Meeseeks and Destroy" is the fifth episode of the first season of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on January 20, 2014.
 The episode was written by Ryan Ridley and directed by Bryan Newton.
 In the episode, Rick provides the family with a solution to their problems, freeing him up to go on an adventure led by Morty.
 The episode has been well received, and was seen by about 1.6 million viewers when it was first aired on the Adult Swim channel.
"Pilot" is the first episode of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on December 2, 2013.
 It is written by series creators Dan Harmon and Justin Roiland, and directed by Roiland.
 The series introduces protagonists, alcoholic scientist Rick Sanchez and his innocent teenage grandson Morty Smith, as they embark on a dangerous interdimensional adventure to fetch Mega tree seeds.
 The pilot had a mixed to positive reception and was seen by about 1.1 million viewers when airing.
"Rixty Minutes" is the eighth episode of the first season of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on March 17, 2014.
 The episode was written by Tom Kauffman and Justin Roiland, and directed by Bryan Newton.
 In the episode, Rick and Morty watch cable from other dimensions, while Jerry, Beth, and Summer watch alternate reality versions of themselves using a pair of interdimensional goggles.
 The episode was well received and watched by about 1.48 million viewers in the United States.
Gangland Undercover is an American factual based drama television series written and created by Executive Producer Stephen Kemp and co-writer Noel Baker.
 It was inspired by the story of Charles Falco a former ATF confidential informant (CI) who infiltrated an outlaw motorcycle club.
 The series is based on Falco's 2013 memoir, "Vagos, Mongols, and Outlaws: My Infiltration of America's Deadliest Biker Gangs".
 It premiered on Tuesday, February 24, 2015, on the History Channel at 10/9c.
 In Canada, Season 2 premiered on September 26, 2016.
 In the U.S., only the first episode of season 2 aired on December 8, 2016 on A&E.
 According to the trailer, "the new season" (Season 2) premiered on March 2, 2017.
"Rick Potion #9" is the sixth episode of "Rick and Morty".
 It premiered on Adult Swim on January 27, 2014, was written by Justin Roiland, and directed by Stephen Sandoval.
 In the episode, a love potion goes wrong, creating a virus that begins to infect the entire world population, making everyone fall in love with Morty.
 The episode has been well received, and was seen by about 1.7 million viewers when airing.
 The title of the episode is in reference to the 1959 song "Love Potion No. 9" by the Clovers.
"Wrath of the Villains: Pinewood" is the eighteenth episode of the second season, and 40th episode overall from the Fox series "Gotham".
 The episode was written by co-executive producer Robert Hull and Megan Mostyn-Brown and directed by executive producer John Stephens in his first "Gotham" episode directed.
 It was first broadcast on April 18, 2016.
 In the episode, Bruce and Alfred set to find out information about a program called Pinewood Farms which had something to do with Thomas Wayne's death and involvement while Gordon sets out to find The Lady and Dr. Strange continues his experiments.
Angry Birds Stella is a Finnish computer-animated TV series based on the game "Angry Birds Stella" that was produced by Rovio Entertainment.
 The first episode, "A Fork in the Friendship", aired on ToonsTV in November 1, 2014.
 The series recounts the tale of Stella, along with her friends Luca, Willow, Poppy and Dahlia, as they work their way against Gale, the former friend of Stella, that is the queen of the pigs in Golden Island.
 The first season focuses on Gale trying to hunt for the Golden Egg, but, fails as seen in the final episode of season 1, "To The Bitter End".
 The second season focuses on Gale returning and trying to hunt for the Golden Egg again, and she succeeded as seen in "The Golden Queen", the 9th episode of season 2.
 Also, Dahlia, one of the birds, tries searching for the egg as well for an experiment, but this time, she fails, as seen in "It's Mine!"
, the 6th episode of season 2.
 Soon enough, the birds realize how dangerous this egg can be, as seen in "Premonition", the 11th episode in season 2, which in when Gale with the Golden Egg, anything that is touched with it, turns to gold.
 However, when that happens, another thing turns to stone, the opposite of gold, which causes nature, and even worse, food to be turned to stone as well.
 Now, it is up to the Stella gang to save Golden Island before it is too late.
 They do succeed, as seen in "You Asked For It", the 13th and final episode of season 2 and the series finale of "Angry Birds Stella", where after a long awful night, Stella and her gang launch the Golden Egg out of the island, never to be seen again.
 Gale does not mind because when she saw the Golden Egg after she broke out of the gold in the episode, she ran away, back into her castle.
