Edwin John "Eddie" Fisher (August 10, 1928 – September 22, 2010) was an American singer and actor.
 He was the most successful pop singles artist during the first half of the 1950s, selling millions of records and hosting his own TV show.
 Fisher divorced his first wife, actress Debbie Reynolds, to marry Reynolds' best friend, actress Elizabeth Taylor, after Taylor's husband, film producer Mike Todd, was killed in a plane crash.
 The scandalous affair was widely reported, bringing unfavorable publicity to Fisher.
 He later married Connie Stevens.
 Fisher fathered Carrie Fisher and Todd Fisher with Reynolds, and Joely Fisher and Tricia Leigh Fisher with Stevens.
Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds
Bundle of Joy (1956) is a Technicolor musical remake of the comedy film "Bachelor Mother" (1939), which starred Ginger Rogers.
 It stars Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (who were married in real-life at the time), and Adolphe Menjou.
 An unmarried salesgirl at a department store finds and takes care of an abandoned baby.
 Much confusion results when her co-workers assume the child is hers and that the father is the son of the store owner.
The Eddie Fisher Show was an American musical comedy/variety television series starring Eddie Fisher and his then wife Debbie Reynolds.
 Other series regulars included George Gobel, Gisele MacKenzie and Mary Tyler Moore.
 The series alternated on Tuesday nights with "The George Gobel Show" with episodes running from October 1, 1957–March 17, 1959 on NBC.
The Unsinkable Molly Brown is a 1964 American musical film directed by Charles Walters and starring Debbie Reynolds.
 The screenplay by Helen Deutsch is based on the book of the 1960 musical "The Unsinkable Molly Brown" by Richard Morris.
 The song score was composed by Meredith Willson.
 The plot is a fictionalized account of the life of Margaret Brown, who survived the 1912 sinking of the  .
 Debbie Reynolds was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of Brown.
Todd Emmanuel Fisher (born February 24, 1958) is an American actor, director, cinematographer, and producer of television films and documentaries.
 Fisher is the son of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds.
Susan Slept Here is a 1954 American romantic comedy film starring Dick Powell (in his last film role) and Debbie Reynolds.
 Shot in Technicolor, the film was based on the play of the same name by Steve Fisher and Alex Gottlieb.
 The film's plotline was later used again by director Frank Tashlin for 1962's "Bachelor Flat".
These Old Broads is a 2001 television film written by Carrie Fisher and starring her mother Debbie Reynolds, as well as Shirley MacLaine, Joan Collins, and Elizabeth Taylor in her final film role.
 In a 2001 BBC "Omnibus" documentary about Elizabeth Taylor, Shirley MacLaine says that Julie Andrews and Lauren Bacall were originally planned to be in the movie.
 The role of Miriam Hodges was originally offered to June Allyson.
Coke Time with Eddie Fisher is an American musical variety television series starring singer Eddie Fisher which was broadcast by NBC on Wednesday nights in early prime time from 1953 to 1957.
 The program was aired from 7:30 to 7:45 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesdays and Fridays, and was not seen during the summer months.
 (A radio edition, recorded from previous TV soundtracks, was also heard on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7:45 P.M. Eastern Time over the Mutual Broadcasting System from 1953 through 1955).
Tommy Noonan (April 29, 1921 – April 24, 1968) was a comedy genre film performer, screenwriter and producer.
 He acted in a number of 'A' and 'B' pictures from the 1940s through the 1960s, and he is best known for his supporting performances as Gus Esmond, wealthy fiancé of Lorelei Lee (Marilyn Monroe) in "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" (1953), and as the musician Danny McGuire in "A Star Is Born" (1954).
 He played a stock room worker in the film "Bundle of Joy" (1956) with Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds.
