Many words that existed in Old English did not survive into Modern English.
 There are also many words in Modern English that bear little or no resemblance in meaning to their Old English etymons.
 Some linguists estimate that as much as 80 percent of the lexicon of Old English was lost by the end of the Middle English period, including a large number of words formed by compounding, e.g. "bōchūs" ('bookhouse', 'library'), yet we still retain the component parts 'book' and 'house'.
 Certain categories of words seem to have been especially vulnerable.
 Nearly all words relating to sexual intercourse and sexual organs were supplanted by words of Latin or Ancient Greek origin.
 Many, if not most, of the words in Modern English that are used in polite conversation to describe body parts and bodily functions are of Latin or Greek origin.
 The words which were used in Old English for these same purposes are now mostly either extinct or considered crude or vulgar, such as arse/ass.
Lithuanian National Revival, alternatively Lithuanian National Awakening (Lithuanian: "Lietuvių tautinis atgimimas" ), was a period of the history of Lithuania in the 19th century at the time when a major part of Lithuanian-inhabited areas belonged to the Russian Empire (the Russian partition of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth).
 It was expressed by the rise of self-determination of the Lithuanians that led to formation of the modern Lithuanian nation and culminated in the re-establishment of an independent Lithuanian state.
 Most active participants of national revival were Vincas Kudirka, Jonas Basanavičius and others.
 The period largely corresponded to the rise of romantic nationalism and other national revivals of the 19th century Europe.
Varpas (literally: "The Bell") was a monthly Lithuanian-language newspaper published during the Lithuanian press ban from January 1889 to December 1905.
 Because its publication was illegal in Lithuania, then part of the Russian Empire, it was printed in Tilsit (current Sovetsk) and Ragnit (current Neman) in German East Prussia and smuggled into Lithuania by the knygnešiai (book smugglers).
 "Varpas", with circulation of about 500–1,000, played a pivotal role in the Lithuanian National Revival. "
Tautiška giesmė", one of poems by founder and editor Vincas Kudirka written to commemorate the 10th anniversary of "Varpas", became the Lithuanian national anthem.
 Editorial staff of "Varpas" later started two more specialized publications: more practical "Ūkininkas" ("The Farmer", 1890–1905) for less educated peasants and apolitical "Naujienos" ("News", 1901–1903) for general public.
Vincas Kudirka (31 December [O.S. 19 December] 1858 – 16 November [O.S. 4 November] 1899 ) was a Lithuanian poet and physician, and the author of both the music and lyrics of the Lithuanian National Anthem, "Tautiška giesmė".
 He is regarded in Lithuania as a National Hero.
 Kudirka used pen names V. Kapsas, Paežerių Vincas, Vincas Kapsas, P.Vincas, Varpas, Q.D, K., V.K, Perkūnas.
Circumlocution (also called circumduction, circumvolution, periphrasis, or ambage) is speech that circles around an idea with many words instead of stating it directly and simply.
 It is sometimes necessary in communication (for example, to avoid lexical gaps that would cause untranslatability), but it can also be undesirable (when an uncommon or easily misunderstood figure of speech is used).
 Roundabout speech is the use of many words to describe something that already has a common and concise term (for example, saying ""a tool used for cutting things such as paper and hair"" instead of "scissors").
 Most dictionaries use circumlocution to define words.
 Circumlocution is often used by people with aphasia and people learning a new language, where simple terms can be paraphrased to aid learning or communication (for example, paraphrasing the word "grandfather" as "the father of one's father").
 Euphemism, innuendo, and equivocation are different forms of circumlocution.
"O Canada" (French: "Ô Canada" ) is the national anthem of Canada.
 The song was originally commissioned by Lieutenant Governor of Quebec Théodore Robitaille for the 1880 Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day ceremony; Calixa Lavallée composed the music, after which, words were written by the poet and judge Sir Adolphe-Basile Routhier.
 The lyrics were originally in French; an English version was created in 1906.
 Robert Stanley Weir wrote in 1908 another English version, which is the official and most popular version, one that is not a literal translation of the French.
 Weir's lyrics have been revised twice, taking their present form in 1980, but the French lyrics remain unaltered.
 "O Canada" had served as a "de facto" national anthem since 1939, officially becoming Canada's national anthem in 1980 when the Act of Parliament making it so received royal assent and became effective on July 1 as part of that year's Dominion Day (now known as Canada Day) celebrations.
"He Mele Lāhui Hawaiʻ i" ("The Song of the Hawaiian Nation") was composed by Liliuokalani in November 1866 at the request of Kamehameha V, who wanted a national anthem to replace the British anthem "God Save the King".
 It replaced Lunalilo's composition "E Ola Ke Aliʻ i Ke Akua" as the national anthem.
 Liliʻ uokalani wrote: "The king was present for the purpose of Criticising my new composition of both words and music, and was liberal in his commendations to me on my success.
 He admired not only the beauty of music, but spoke enthusiastically of the appropriate words, so well adapted to the air and to the purpose for which they were written.
 This remained in use as our national anthem for some twenty years or more when my brother composed the words "Hawaiʻ i Ponoʻ ī"."
"How Many Words" is the official second single by the singer-songwriter Blake Lewis, from his debut album "A.D.D. (Audio Day Dream)".
 The song was expected to be followed by "Know My Name", and then "Without You".
 However, due to being dropped by Arista Records, "How Many Words" is the final single from his debut album.
 He is expected to release a single from his second album at the end of 2009.
 The single was released to mainstream radio format on March 10, 2008.
 Also, an EP featuring remixes of the song was released onto iTunes on May 13, 2008.
 Lewis performed the song live on the March 6, 2008 results show of the seventh season of "American Idol".
The oldest national anthem, defined as "a song, as of praise, devotion, or patriotism", is the Dutch national anthem "Het Wilhelmus", which was written between 1568 and 1572, but not then given any official status.
 The first anthem to be officially proclaimed as such was "God Save The Queen", adopted by Great Britain in 1745.
 "Het Wilhelmus" was declared the national anthem of the Netherlands in 1932; both of these anthems remain in use today.
 A royal or imperial anthem is a song that is similar in patriotic character to a national anthem, but which specifically praises a monarch, or royal dynasty.
 Some states have doubled their royal or imperial anthem as their national anthem.
Tautiška giesmė ("The National Hymn"; ] ) is the national anthem of Lithuania, also known by its opening words "Lietuva, Tėvyne mūsų" (official translation of the lyrics: "Lithuania, Our Homeland", literally: "Lithuania, Our Fatherland") and as "Lietuvos himnas" (Hymn of Lithuania).
 The music and lyrics were written in 1898 by Vincas Kudirka, when Lithuania was still part of the Russian Empire.
 The fifty-word poem was a condensation of Kudirka's conceptions of the Lithuanian state, the Lithuanian people, and their past.
 Shortly before his death in 1899, the anthem was performed for Lithuanians living in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
