Vidin Heights (Vidinski Vazvisheniya \'vi-din-ski v&z-vi-'she-ni-ya\) are predominantly ice-covered heights rising to 604 m on Varna Peninsula, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
 The feature is approximately 8 km long from the north end of Leslie Gap east-northeastwards to Inott Point and 9.6 km north-northeastwards to Sayer Nunatak.
 The summit, Miziya Peak, is located 9.25 km north by east of Mount Bowles, 4.24 km north-northeast of Leslie Hill, 9.47 km south of Williams Point and 7.52 km west of Edinburgh Hill.
 The heights feature also Samuel Peak 1.9 km east-southeast of Miziya Peak, and Sharp Peak at their east-northeast extremity.
 The heights surmount Saedinenie Snowfield to the northwest, Rose Valley Glacier to the northeast, Debelt Glacier and Panega Glacier to the southeast, and Kaliakra Glacier to the south.
Simitli Point (Bulgarian: "нос Симитли" , ‘Nos Simitli’ \'nos 'si-mit-li\) is a point on the north coast of Rugged Island off the west coast of Byers Peninsula of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the east side of the entrance to Timok Cove.
 Situated 400 m west-southwest of Ivan Vladislav Point, and 2.91 km east-southeast of Cape Sheffield, and 3.61 km south-southwest of Start Point, Livingston Island.
Karposh Point (Bulgarian: "нос Карпош" , ‘Nos Karposh’ \'nos 'kar-posh\) is the ice-free point on the north coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
 It is projecting 500 m into Morton Strait, and is situated 2.3 km west of the extreme northeast point of President Head, 2.5 km east-southeast of Gostun Point, and 4.8 km east-southeast of Cape Timblón.
Troubridge Island Conservation Park is a protected area includes all of Troubridge Island and some adjoining waters about 8 km East-southeast of Edithburgh in South Australia and about 74 km southwest of Adelaide.
 The park was proclaimed in 1982 under "National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972" ‘to conserve sea-bird rookeries and to preserve heritage values of a lighthouse and associated keepers’ cottages’.
 In 1986 the park was extended to include an area of intertidal waters around the island.
 The conservation park is classified as an IUCN Category III protected area.
Intense Tropical Cyclone Hondo (JTWC designation: 16S) was the strongest and longest lived tropical cyclone to develop during the 2007–08 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season.
 The third tropical cyclone and first intense tropical cyclone of the season, Hondo developed out of a tropical disturbance in early February about 1,020 km (635 mi) east-southeast of Diego Garcia.
 The disturbance quickly strengthened, becoming a moderate tropical storm on February 4 and a severe tropical storm the following day.
 After a brief period of slower intensification, Hondo rapidly intensified into an intense tropical cyclone and reached its peak intensity with winds of 215 km/h (130 mph ) on February 7.
 The cyclone gradually weakened over the next several days due to an increase in forward speed and a decrease in sea surface temperatures.
 On February 12, Hondo rapidly degenerated into a remnant-low pressure area.
 Over the following week, the remnant low traveled in a general west-northwest direction with no development.
 On February 20, about 2,780 km (1,725 mi) northeast of where the final advisories were issued, the storm began to regenerate.
 The next day, advisories were issued on Tropical Disturbance Ex-Hondo, which briefly strengthened into a tropical depression.
 However, according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, Hondo continued to strengthen and attained winds of 95 km/h (60 mph ) before passing directly over Réunion.
 Interaction with the island caused the storm to weaken and degenerate into a remnant low once more.
 The storm dissipated on February 29 after executing a counterclockwise loop.
Drinov Peak (Bulgarian: "Дринов връх" , ‘Drinov Vrah’ \'dri-nov 'vr&h\) is a peak rising to 1630 m in Imeon Range on Smith Island, South Shetland Islands.
 Situated 3.6 km north-northeast of Antim Peak, 1.9 km north of Slatina Peak, 2.91 km east-southeast of Jireček Point and 1.85 km southwest of Mount Pisgah.
 Overlooking Ovech Glacier to the southeast, Vetrino Glacier to the north, Yablanitsa Glacier to northwest, and Chuprene Glacier to the southwest.
 Bulgarian early mapping in 2009.
 Named after the Bulgarian scientist Marin Drinov (1838–1906), founding chairman of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.
Minami-Tori-shima (南鳥島 , "Southern Bird Island") , also known as Marcus Island, is an isolated Japanese coral atoll in the northwestern Pacific Ocean, located some 1848 km southeast of Tokyo and 1267 km east of the closest Japanese island, South Iwo Jima of the Ogasawara Islands, and nearly on a straight line between mainland Tokyo and the United States' Wake Island, 1415 km further to the east-southeast.
 The closest island to Minami-Tori-shima is East Island in the Mariana Islands, which is 1015 km to the west-southwest.
The Sierra DuFief ( ) is a mountain range 4 nautical miles (7 km) long with numerous sharp peaks, the highest at 1,415 m , extending in a northeast–southwest direction in the south part of Wiencke Island, in the Palmer Archipelago.
 It was discovered by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1897–99, and named by Gerlache for Jean DuFief, then general secretary of the Belgian Royal Geographical Society.
Aprilov Point (Aprilov Nos \a-'pri-lov 'nos\) is a point on the north coast of Greenwich Island, Antarctica situated 6.9 km east of Duff Point, 2.1 km east-southeast of Kabile Island, 2.2 km east-northeast of Crutch Peaks, 1.8 km south of Ongley Island, 5.5 km west of Agüedo Point, and 2.3 km north-northwest of Sevtopolis Peak.
 Forming the east side of the entrance to Haskovo Cove and the west side of the entrance to Skaptopara Cove.
Chkalov Island (Остров Чкалова; Ostrov Chkalova), formerly Udd Island (Остров Удд), is a coastal island in the southern end of the Sea of Okhotsk.
 It is located off Schastya Bay, between the shorebound lagoon and the sea.
 Baydukov Island lies only 2 km off its east-southeast tip.
