Managed Money is a 1934 short comedy film directed by Charles Lamont.
 The film stars Frank Coghlan Jr. and Shirley Temple.
 It was also known as "Frolics of Youth" and "Measured Money".
 This was the second film in which Temple starred as Mary Lou.
 The film tells the story of Sonny and Sid prospecting for gold to pay for their military academy education.
 Sonny's sister, Mary Lou stows away in the back of their car.
 Eventually, they meet an inventor who helps them financially.
Killer Joe is a 2011 American Southern Gothic black comedy crime film directed by William Friedkin.
 The screenplay by Tracy Letts is based on his 1993 play of the same name.
 The film stars Matthew McConaughey in the title role, Emile Hirsch, Juno Temple, Gina Gershon, and Thomas Haden Church.
 Friedkin and Letts had similarly collaborated on the 2006 film "Bug".
Magic Magic is a 2013 American-Chilean psychological thriller film written and directed by Sebastián Silva and starring Juno Temple, Emily Browning, Michael Cera, and Catalina Sandino Moreno.
Cracks is a 2009 independent drama psychological thriller film starring Eva Green, James McGovern, Juno Temple, María Valverde, and Imogen Poots, which was released theatrically in the UK and Ireland on 4 December 2009.
 In the United States it was released by IFC Films on 18 March 2011, and premiered on Showtime in late 2011.
Afternoon Delight is a 2013 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Jill Soloway.
 The film stars Kathryn Hahn, Juno Temple, Josh Radnor, and Jane Lynch.
Lovelace is a 2013 American biographical drama film about porn actress Linda Boreman, better known as Linda Lovelace, star of "Deep Throat", a seminal 1972 film at the forefront of the Golden Age of Porn.
 "Lovelace" covers her life from age 20 to 32.
 Directed by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman, the film was written by Andy Bellin and stars Amanda Seyfried, Peter Sarsgaard, Sharon Stone, Adam Brody, James Franco, Chloë Sevigny, and Juno Temple.
 The film had its world premiere on January 22, 2013, at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and opened in a U.S. limited release on August 9, 2013.
Wonder Wheel is an upcoming American drama film written and directed by Woody Allen.
 It stars Jim Belushi, Juno Temple, Justin Timberlake and Kate Winslet.
 The film is set in a late 1950s amusement park at Coney Island.
Small Apartments is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Jonas Åkerlund.
 It tells the story of Franklin Franklin, played by Matt Lucas, who by mistake kills his landlord, Mr. Olivetti, played by Peter Stormare.
 The cast co-stars Dolph Lundgren, Johnny Knoxville, James Caan, Billy Crystal, Juno Temple, Rebel Wilson, Saffron Burrows and Amanda Plummer.
 The screenplay was written by Chris Millis and adapted from his own novella.
 The film premiered at the South by Southwest Film Festival on March 10, 2012.
Jack & Diane is a 2012 American romantic horror film written and directed by Bradley Rust Gray, and starring Riley Keough and Juno Temple.
 Olivia Thirlby and Ellen Page were originally cast for the lead roles in 2008 before the project was postponed.
Dirty Girl is a 2010 American coming of age comedy-drama film written and directed by Abe Sylvia.
 It stars Juno Temple, Milla Jovovich and William H. Macy.
 It premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival on September 12, 2010.
 It was distributed theatrically by The Weinstein Company on October 7, 2011.
