Environmental policy in China is set by the National People's Congress and managed by the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the People's Republic of China.
 The Center for American Progress has described China's environmental policy as similar to that of the United States before 1970.
 That is, the central government issues fairly strict regulations, but the actual monitoring and enforcement is largely undertaken by local governments that have greater interest in economic growth.
 The environmental work of non-governmental forces, such as lawyers, journalists, and non-governmental organizations, is limited by government regulations.
 Under the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the People's Republic of China, the Department of Policies, Laws and Regulations is in charge of establishing and strengthening basic laws and policies such as environmental laws, administrative policies and economical regulations.
 It is also responsible for the development of national environmental protection policy and macro strategy.
The Basic Laws of Israel (Hebrew: חוקי היסוד‎ ‎ , "ħuqey ha-yesod") are the constitutional laws of the State of Israel.
 These laws deal with the formation and role of the principal institutions of the state, and with the relations between the state's authorities.
 They also protect civil rights, although some of these rights were earlier protected at common law by the Supreme Court of Israel.
 The Basic Laws are intended to be draft chapters of the future Israeli constitution, postponed since 1950, and act as a "de facto" constitution until their future incorporation into a formal, unitary, written constitution.
 Israel as of 2017 functions according to an uncodified constitution consisting of both material constitutional law, based upon cases and precedents, common law, and the provisions of these formal statutes.
 The Basic Laws do not cover all constitutional issues, and there is no deadline set for the completion of the process of merging them into one comprehensive constitution.
 There is no clear rule determining the precedence of Basic Rules over regular legislation, and in many cases this issue is left to interpretation by the judicial system.
Katherine Kath (11 August 1920 – 17 November 2012) was a French prima ballerina at the Theatre du Chatelet in Paris, who became an actress after suffering from an injury which destroyed her chances of continuing her career.
 She was born Lily Faess in Berck, Pas-de-Calais, France, where she also died, at age 92 in 2012 from undisclosed causes.
Jean du Chatelet, also known as Baron de Beausoleil and Auffembach (1578, Brabant – c. 1645, The Bastille, Paris), was a mineralogist, mining engineer and dowser.
Gabrielle Émilie Le Tonnelier de Breteuil, Marquise Du Châtelet (] ; 17 December 1706  – 10 September 1749) was a French natural philosopher, mathematician, physicist, and author during the early 1730s until her untimely death due to childbirth in 1749.
 Her most recognized achievement is her translation of and commentary on Isaac Newton's book "Principia" containing basic laws of physics.
 The translation, published posthumously in 1759, is still considered the standard French translation today.
 Her commentary includes a profound contribution to Newtonian mechanics—the postulate of an additional conservation law for total energy, of which kinetic energy of motion is one element.
The Physics of Superheroes is a popular science book by physics professor and long-time comic-book fan James Kakalios.
 First published in 2005, it explores the basic laws of physics.
 Kakalios does not set out to show where the world of superheroes contradicts modern science, granting the heroes one or more "miracle exceptions" from natural law.
 Instead, he focuses on examples of comic book scenes that can be used to understand the diverse laws of physics from an unusual angle, such as Gwen Stacy's death and Ant-Man's ability to punch his way out of a paper bag.
 Kakalios relates these elements of comic books to principles of physics, such as levers and torque, and in this way covers diverse topics, from mechanics to the quantum world.
The Ethiopian Legal Information Website is an online database of laws in Ethiopia.
 It aims to provide the public, researchers, professors, law firms and legal professionals access to the basic laws on the web and other digital formats.
 It was developed by Mekelle University Law Faculty in Ethiopia in cooperation with the Non-Western Law Department of Ghent University in Belgium.
 While it contains only the laws of the federal government at this moment, it plans adding state, regional and other laws.
The principal laws of association are contiguity, repetition, attention, pleasure-pain, and similarity.
 The basic laws were formulated by Aristotle in approximately 300 B.C. and by John Locke in the seventeenth century.
 Both philosophers taught that the mind at birth is a blank slate and that all knowledge has to be acquired by learning.
 The laws they taught still make up the backbone of modern learning theory.
Disney's Twelve Basic Principles of Animation were introduced by the Disney animators Ollie Johnston and Frank Thomas in their 1981 book "".
 Johnston and Thomas in turn based their book on the work of the leading Disney animators from the 1930s onwards, and their effort to produce more realistic animations.
 The main purpose of the principles was to produce an illusion of characters adhering to the basic laws of physics, but they also dealt with more abstract issues, such as emotional timing and character appeal.
The State of Israel has an unwritten constitution.
 Instead of a formal written constitution, and in accordance with the Harari Decision (החלטת הררי) of 13 June 1950 adopted during the Israeli Constituent Assembly, the State of Israel has enacted several Basic Laws of Israel dealing with the government arrangements and with human rights.
 The Israeli Supreme Court President Aharon Barak ruled that the Basic Laws should be considered the state's constitution, and that became the common approach throughout his tenure (1995-2006).
 Opponents of this approach include Barak's colleague, Judge of the Supreme Court Mishael Cheshin.
