Cuando llegue el alba is the seventh album by Argentine singer Jorge Cafrune, released in 1964.
Ana María Francisca Adinolfi (known by her stage name, Violeta Rivas; born 4 October 1937) is an Argentine singer and actress, known for participating in the music program "El Club del Clan", along with Palito Ortega, Raúl Lavié, Johnny Tedesco and Chico Novarro.
Gabriel Porras (born Carlos Gabriel Porras Flores, February 13, 1968 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actor.
 He began his acting career working for TV Azteca in telenovelas like "Tres Veces Sofia" along with Mexican diva Lucía Méndez and "El Tio Alberto".
 His acting career strengthened when he played his first protagonist role in a "El Alma Herida", a telenovela, produced by Telemundo which is owned by NBC Universal.
 In "El Alma Herida" he shared credits along with Mexican actress Itatí Cantoral with whom he had a relationship in real life.
Amelita Baltar (September 24, 1940) is an Argentine singer, one of the leading voices of tango, that appeared in the 60's to be considered, along with Susana Rinaldi, as a modern counterpart of older divas such as Libertad Lamarque and Tita Merello.
 She is mostly known for her collaboration with composer Astor Piazzolla and writer Horacio Ferrer, specially as first performer of their song “Balada para un loco”.
 She starred in places such as Olympia (Paris), De Kleine Komedie (Amsterdam), Cemal Reşit Rey Concert Hall (Istanbul, Turkey), Cocoanut Grove at Ambassador Hotel (Los Angeles) or Ginásio do Maracanãzinho (Rio de Janeiro) and shared the stage with celebrities such as Charles Aznavour, Franck Pourcel, Henry Mancini, Gerry Mulligan, Gary Burton and Chick Corea.
Rodrigo Alejandro Bueno ( ; May 24, 1973 – June 24, 2000), known by his stage name Rodrigo or his nickname "El Potro" ("the Colt"), was an Argentine singer of cuarteto music.
 Bueno's style was marked by his on-stage energy and charisma.
 His short, dyed hair and casual clothes differed from typical cuarteto singers with strident colors and long curly hair.
 During his career, Bueno expanded cuarteto music to the Argentine national scene, remaining one of the main figures of the genre.
Ramón Bautista Ortega (born March 8, 1942) is an Argentine singer and actor, better known as Palito Ortega.
 (] ) Ortega It's icon of Popular Argentine Music.
 Considered one of the main Argentine representatives of the musical style called New wave that marked the Hispanic-American music between the years '60 and '70.
 Ortega reached international fame, particularly in Latin America and Spain, during the 1960s, when the rock en español style of rock and roll music was popularized among teenagers in the region.
Roberto Sánchez-Ocampo (August 19, 1945 – January 4, 2010), better known by his artist names Sandro/Sandro de América ("Sandro of America"), "Gitano" (gypsy), and the Argentine Elvis, was a notable Argentine singer and actor.
 He is considered The father of Argentine Rock for being one of the first rock artists to sing in Spanish in Latin America.
 He edited 52 official records and sold 50 million copies although other sources state that he sold over 75 million.
 Some of his most successful songs are "Dame fuego", "Rosa, Rosa", "Quiero llenarme de ti", "Penumbras", "Porque yo te amo", "Así", "Mi amigo el Puma", "Tengo", "Trigal" and "Una muchacha y una guitarra".
 The single "Rosa, Rosa" sold 2 million copies, being his most recognizable and famous song.
 Another of his hits, "Tengo" was given 15th place among the 100 best Argentine rock songs by both the MTV channel and "Rolling Stone" magazine.
Lali Espósito is an Argentine singer and actress.
 Her music career started in 2003 when she contributed vocals to the soundtrack album for the Argentine telenovela, Rincón de Luz.
 From 2007 to 2012, the singer was part of the pop-group Teen Angels, derived from the television series "Casi Ángeles" in which she also starred from the same from 2007 to 2010.
 In 2013 Espósito also began to work as an independent artist outside of Teen Angels.
 Later that year, the singer released four songs for the Argentine telenovela Solamente Vos in which she starred.
 Her debut single "A Bailar" was released the same year.
Leticia Noemí De León (stage name, Cachita Galán; Buenos Aires, 1943 - Parque Patricios; 2 December 2004) was an Argentine singer.
 She is remembered for her vocal interpretations at the Club del Clan, and for her performance in the 1964 film "El Club del clan".
Luis Alberto Spinetta (23 January 1950 – 8 February 2012), commonly known as El Flaco (Skinny) was an Argentine singer, guitarist, composer and poet.
 One of the most influential rock musicians of South America, together with Charly García he is considered the father of Argentine rock.
 Born in Buenos Aires in the residential neighbourhood of Belgrano, he was the founder of iconic rock bands including Almendra, Pescado Rabioso, Invisible, Spinetta Jade, and Spinetta y los Socios del Desierto.
