"Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ" is a 1986 Japanese science fiction anime television series created and directed by Yoshiyuki Tomino and produced by Nagoya Broadcasting Network, Sotsu Agency, and Sunrise with music production by Starchild Records.
 "Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ" is the sequel to the 1986 Japanese science fiction series "Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam".
 Spanning 47 episodes, the series premiered in Japan on Nagoya Broadcasting Network on March 1, 1986 and concluded on January 31, 1987.
The science fiction series, "Red Dwarf", starts some time in the future, but after an accident the protagonist is trapped in stasis for 3 million years.
 As with many science fiction series, the programme has a few concepts specific to its own fictional universe.
Mists of Dawn is a juvenile science fiction novel by science fiction writer and anthropologist Chad Oliver first published in 1952 by John C. Winston, Co. as a part of the Winston Science Fiction series of juvenile novels.
 The story follows the adventures of adolescent Mark Nye when he is accidentally transported to the stone age by his uncle's time machine.
 It includes a factual foreword on the science of anthropology and how Oliver uses this science in the telling of his story.
Claudia Lee Black (born 11 October 1972) is an Australian actress and voice actress, known for her portrayals of Aeryn Sun in the science fiction series "Farscape" and Vala Mal Doran in the science fiction series "Stargate SG-1", as well as Sharon "Shazza" Montgomery in the film "Pitch Black".
 She has also had several prominent roles in video games, such as Chloe Frazer in the "Uncharted" series, the witch Morrigan in "" and "", Daro'Xen in "Mass Effect 2" and "Mass Effect 3", and squadmate Samantha Byrne in "Gears of War 3".
 She also starred as Doctor Sabine Lommers in the miniseries "Containment".
"Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam" is a 1985 Japanese science fiction anime television series created and directed by Yoshiyuki Tomino and produced by Nagoya Broadcasting Network, Sotsu Agency, and Sunrise.
 "Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam" is the sequel to the 1979 Japanese science fiction series "Mobile Suit Gundam".
 The series premiered in Japan on Nagoya Broadcasting Network on March 2, 1985 and spanned 50 episodes to February 22, 1986.
 The English adaptation was released direct to DVD in the United States.
The Viagens Interplanetarias series is a sequence of science fiction stories by L. Sprague de Camp, begun in the late 1940s and written under the influence of contemporary space opera and sword and planet stories, particularly Edgar Rice Burroughs's Martian novels.
 Set in the future in the 21st and 22nd centuries, the series is named for the quasi-public Terran agency portrayed as monopolizing interstellar travel, the Brazilian-dominated "Viagens Interplanetarias" ("Interplanetary Voyages" or "Interplanetary Tours" in Portuguese).
 It is also known as the "Krishna" series, as the majority of the stories belong to a sequence set on a fictional planet of that name.
 While de Camp started out as a science fiction writer and his early reputation was based on his short stories in the genre, the "Viagens" tales represent his only extended science fiction series.
The Time Lords are a fictional, ancient extraterrestrial species in the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", of which the series' protagonist, the Doctor, is a member.
 Time Lords are so named for their command of time travel technology and their non-linear perception of time.
 Originally they were described as a powerful and wise race from the planet Gallifrey, from which the Doctor was a renegade; details beyond this were very limited for the first decade of the series.
 They later became integral to many episodes and stories as their role in the fictional universe developed.
 For the first eight years after the series resumed in 2005, the Time Lords were said to have been destroyed at some point between the original series' cancellation in 1989 and the show's revival during the fictional Last Great Time War.
 In 2013, the 50th anniversary special "The Day of the Doctor" concerned this supposed destruction and their eventual survival.
Tanith Lee (19 September 1947 – 24 May 2015) was a British writer of science fiction, horror, and fantasy.
 She was the author of over 90 novels and 300 short stories, a children's picture book ("Animal Castle"), and many poems.
 She also wrote two episodes of the BBC science fiction series "Blake's 7".
 She was the first woman to win the British Fantasy Award best novel award (also known as the August Derleth Award), for her book "Death's Master" (1980).
Aarne Haapakoski (1904 in Pieksämäki, Southern Savonia – 1961 in Málaga) was a Finnish pulp writer.
 He is perhaps best known for a detective fiction series about architect/detective "Klaus Karma" and a science fiction series about a robot named "Atorox."
 The Atorox stories were written under the pseudonym Outsider.
 The Atorox Award for Finnish science fiction is named for Atorox.
Lester del Rey (June 2, 1915 – May 10, 1993) was an American science fiction author and editor.
 He was the author of many books in the juvenile Winston Science Fiction series, and the editor at Del Rey Books, the fantasy and science fiction imprint of Ballantine Books, along with his fourth wife Judy-Lynn del Rey.
