The flag of Florida consists of a red saltire on a white background, with the state seal superimposed on the center.
 The design was approved by popular referendum November 6, 1900.
 The flag's current design has been in use since May 21, 1985, after the state seal was graphically altered and officially sanctioned for use by state officials.
The Seal of the State of Colorado is an adaptation of the territorial seal which was adopted by the First Territorial Assembly on November 6, 1861.
 The only changes made to the territorial seal design being the substitution of the words, "State of Colorado" and the figures "1876" for the corresponding inscriptions on the territorial seal.
 The first General Assembly of the State of Colorado approved the adoption of the state seal on March 15, 1877.
 The Colorado Secretary of State alone is authorized to affix the Great Seal of Colorado to any document whatsoever.
The Arkansas State Seal was adopted in 1864 and modified to its present form on May 23, 1907.
 The outer ring of the seal contains the text "Great Seal of the State of Arkansas".
 The inner seal contains the Angel of Mercy, the Sword of Justice and the Goddess of Liberty surrounded by a bald eagle.
 The eagle holds in its beak a scroll inscribed with the Latin phrase "Regnat Populus", the state motto, which means "The People Rule".
 (The scroll read "Regnant Populi" prior to 1907.)
 On the shield of the seal are a steamboat, a plow, a beehive and a sheaf of wheat, symbols of Arkansas's industrial and agricultural wealth.
Emma Edwards Green, born Emma Sarah Etine Edwards (1856-1942), known also as Mrs. Emma Green, was an American painter and designer.
 She designed the State Seal of Idaho, used also on the Flag of Idaho, and is the only woman to have designed a state seal.
The Seal of the State of Oregon is the official seal of the U.S. state of Oregon.
 It was designed by Harvey Gordon in 1857, two years before Oregon was admitted to the Union.
 The seal was preceded by the Salmon Seal of the Provisional Government and the Seal of the Oregon Territory.
 The state seal is mandated by Article VI of the Oregon Constitution.
The flag of the state of Nebraska is a blue rectangular cloth charged with the Nebraskan state seal.
 The current design was commissioned in 1925, when a bill was passed that the flag would have the Nebraska state seal in gold and silver on a field of national blue.
The flag of Minnesota is the state flag of Minnesota and consists of scenes from the Seal of Minnesota on a blue background.
 The first version of the flag was flown from 1893 until 1957, and was changed to be more easily manufacturable, and the state seal became simpler.
 The current flag was adopted in 1957 and the state seal on the flag was modified in 1983.
Aintharuvi is a group of five waterfalls, that is nearby the famous waterfalls of Tamil Nadu, India, the Coutrallam Falls.
 It is located in Tenkasi.
 The English meaning of the name is Five falls.The waterfalls is compared with Adisesha, the holy snake since the waterfalls cascades in five directions resembling a 5-headed Cobra.
The State Seal of Uttarakhand or The State Emblem of Uttarakhand is the official state seal used by the Government of Uttarakhand and is carried on all official correspondences made by State of Uttarakhand.
 It was adopted by the newly formed Interim Government of Uttarakhand at the establishment of the state on 9 November 2000.
The flag of Louisiana (French: "Drapeau de la Louisiane" ) consists of a heraldic charge called a "pelican in her piety," representing a mother pelican wounding her breast to feed her young from the blood.
 The mother pelican's head and outspread wings covering the three pelican chicks nestled below her form a stylized fleur-de-lis, another emblem of similar significance often depicted in Louisiana.
 This symbol, emblematic of Christian charity (and of Catholicism), is also found on the state seal.
 On the flag it is depicted above a ribbon with the state motto: "Union, Justice, and Confidence."
 The current flag was adopted in November 2010, a revision of the original pelican design of 1912.
