DZ Bank AG is the second largest bank in Germany by asset size and the central institution for more than 1,000 co-operative banks and their 12,000 branch offices.
 Within the Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken Co-operative financial network, which is one of Germany's largest private sector financial service organisations, DZ Bank functions both as a central institution and as a corporate and investment bank.
Raiffeisen Zentralbank Österreich AG was the central institution of the Raiffeisen Banking Group Austria (RBG).
 The central bank was merged with its subsidiary Raiffeisen Bank International in 2017.
The Cosmos Co-operative Bank Ltd. (Cosmos Bank), established in 1906, is one of the oldest Urban Co-operative Banks in India.
 Cosmos Bank celebrated its centenary on 18 January 2006.
 It is one of the first co-operative banks in the country to implement Core Banking System (CBS) across the entire network of its then 137 service outlets using Finacle-Infosys Core Banking Software.
 It also received an authorized dealer (AD) license from the Reserve Bank of India to become the third co-operative bank in India to have such a license in thirty years.
ZAO Raiffeisenbank (Russian: ЗАО «Райффайзенбанк» ) is a bank in Russia.
 It is a subsidiary of Raiffeisen Bank International, which in turn is a fully controlled subsidiary of Raiffeisen Zentralbank.
 It was founded in 1996 as "Raiffeisenbank Austria" and has expanded considerably following the 2006 takeover of Russia's Impexbank.
ICCREA Group known formerly as Istituto Centrale delle Casse Rurali ed Artigiane, is a central institution of Italian credit unions and rural saving banks.
 The holding company of the group was ICCREA Holding (from 1995–2016), while ICCREA Banca, ICCREA BancaImpresa and several companies were subsidiaries .
 However, ICCREA Banca revered merger with ICCREA Holding in mid-2016, as part of the banking reform of Italy.
 The co-operative banks of Italy would create strong central banks (Cassa Centrale Banca had also applied to be another central bank) with power to recapitalize individual co-operative bank.
Hans Kloss (28 November 1905 – 16 March 1986) was an Austrian lawyer and bank manager.
 Kloss was born in Vienna in 1905.
 He studied law and political science, and worked for Österreichische Luftverkehrs AG and between 1939 and 1945 for the Lufthansa.
 After the Second World War, he became a civil servant in the Ministry of Finance in 1946, and worked there in providing services to the Austrian finance industry and as a delegate to the International Monetary Fund.
 He also worked in the Finance Committee of the OECD and for the World Bank in Washington, D.C..
 In 1962 Kloss moved into the private banking sector as Director General of Genossenschaftlichen Zentralbank AG (today Raiffeisen Zentralbank Österreich AG).
 In 1969, he was appointed as Director General of the Austrian National Bank, and he served as its President from 1973 to 1978.
Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken is a brand of co-operative banks in Germany. "
Volksbank" derives from People's Bank institutes (co-operatives originally created by a local population often based in a town) and "Raiffeisenbanken" refers to banks founded on initiatives by Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen (who was pioneering farmer credit unions).
 Many co-operative banks in Germany have either "Volksbank" or "Raiffeisenbank" in their name – the nationwide services and associations in the co-operative branch of the German financing industry used the compound of the plurals of these words (so it translates as "Peoples banks and Raiffeisen banks").
Leipnik-Lundenburger Invest Beteiligungs AG (LLI) is a holding company located in Vienna, Austria and primarily owned by Raiffeisen-Holding Niederösterreich-Wien reg.Gen.mbH (50,05 % of shares) as well as by Raiffeisen Zentralbank Österreich (33,06 % of shares).
 Further shareholders are Raiffeisen Versicherungen AG (7,98 %), UNIQA Österreich Versicherungen AG (2,02 %) and Rübenbauernbund für Niederösterreich und Wien reg.Gen.mbH (6,89 %).
Raiffeisen Bank International A.G. (RBI) is an Austrian banking group, itself is a central institution of the Raiffeisen Banking Group Austria (RBG).
 The central bank is a listed company, with the regional banks of RBG were the major shareholder of the central bank, via a shareholders' agreement.
TakarékBank is a banking and financial services corporation in Hungary and it is the central institution for more than 60 co-operative banks and their 1,100 branch offices.
 TakarékBank consolidates its co-operative banks and forms the Takarék Group, which is the fourth largest bank in Hungary by AUM of 1,889 billion Hungarian forint.
