No Talking, Just Head is an album released in 1996 by The Heads, a band composed of Jerry Harrison, Tina Weymouth, and Chris Frantz of Talking Heads, joined by a variety of guest singers.
 Its name may be seen as an allusion to the fact that Talking Heads' former vocalist, David Byrne, is the only member not involved.
The Best of Talking Heads is a 2004 greatest hits album by Talking Heads, released by Sire/Rhino/Warner Bros., and contains in all 18 tracks, from the beginning to the end of Talking Heads' history.
 It was released the same day (August 17, 2004) as the expanded reissue of "The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads".
 The album charted at number 87 on the ARIA Charts and charted at number 96 on the Ultratop Charts in Belgium.
In the late 1970s and mid-1980s, many musical artists from across the world came to the Bahamas to record music at its facilities.
 Many producers, including Chris Blackwell himself, used the studio to produce recordings.
 AC/DC's "Back In Black", the second highest selling album ever, was just one of the many albums recorded there.
 Other well-known artists who recorded there include: Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Julio Iglesias, Serge Gainsbourg, The Rolling Stones, Etta James, Colin James, The Tragically Hip, Grace Jones, Shakira, Celine Dion, U2, Saga, Robert Palmer, Thompson Twins, Tom Tom Club, Talking Heads, Dire Straits, Electric Light Orchestra, Bob Marley, Eric Clapton, James Brown, Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Roxy Music, Bonnie Tyler, Björk, The B-52's, Lenny Kravitz, Spandau Ballet and David Bowie.
Martina Michèle "Tina" Weymouth (born November 22, 1950) is an American musician, best known as a founding member and bassist of the new wave group Talking Heads and its side project Tom Tom Club, which she co-founded with husband and Talking Heads drummer, Chris Frantz.
Talking Heads: 77 is the debut album by the American rock band Talking Heads, released in September 1977.
 The single "Psycho Killer" reached No. 92 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart.
 In 2003, the album was ranked No. 290 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list.
The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads is a double live album by Talking Heads, originally released in 1982.
 The first disc featured the original quartet in recordings from 1977 and 1979, and the second disc the expanded ten-piece lineup that toured in 1980 and 1981.
 The album contains live versions of songs that appear on their first four studio albums, "", "More Songs About Buildings and Food", "Fear of Music", and "Remain in Light."
 The cassette edition of the album included "Cities" as a bonus track not included on the vinyl edition – this track has been included on the subsequent CD release.
Talking Heads (also known as Brick) is a box set by rock band Talking Heads, containing the band's eight studio albums in DualDisc format with videos and previously unreleased material.
 Remixed by Jerry Harrison in Advanced Resolution 5.1 Dolby Surround Sound, "Brick" is the first DualDisc release of an artist's entire back catalogue.
 The albums included in "Brick" are:
More Songs About Buildings and Food is the second studio album by the American rock band Talking Heads, released in July 1978.
 The album was the first of three Talking Heads LPs produced by collaborator Brian Eno.
 It saw the group move musically toward a danceable style, crossing singer David Byrne's unusual delivery with new emphasis on the rhythm section (made up of bassist Tina Weymouth and drummer Chris Frantz).
Talking Heads (Africa) was introduced in Cape Town in 2008 as part of the Infecting the City public art festival.
 Talking Heads has four core components that form the project.
 These include: developing a platform for conversation and exchange with and between experts; creating a network of African thought leaders; shooting mini-documentaries that define these leaders and their contributions; developing the tools to make this model work in cities all over the African continent.
"Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On)" is the opening track of the Talking Heads 1980 album "Remain in Light".
 The track has a prominent bassline and sets the funk tone of the album.
 A live rendition of the song was included, with a long bass intro, on the 2004 re-issue of the live album "The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads".
