Dougherty Valley High School (commonly Dougherty, Dougherty Valley, Dougherty Valley High, DVHS, or DV High) is a public high school located in the Windemere development of San Ramon, California, United States.
 Dougherty is one of four high schools in the San Ramon Valley Unified School District (SRVUSD), along with California High School, San Ramon Valley High School, and Monte Vista High School.
 Constructed by Shapell Industries of California and Windemere Ranch Partners BLC, Dougherty was the first developer-built school in the SRVUSD.
 The school opened its doors in 2007.
Pascack Valley High School (PVHS) is a four-year comprehensive regional public high school located in Hillsdale in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as one of two secondary schools in the Pascack Valley Regional High School District.
 Pascack Valley High School serves the residents of both Hillsdale and neighboring River Vale, while its counterpart Pascack Hills High School serves the communities of Woodcliff Lake and Montvale.
 As part of its 1:1 eLearning Initiative, the school has provided a laptop to every student, teacher, and administrator for educational use.
The Southern Ohio Conference (S.O.C.) is an athletic conference in Ohio.
 The conference is also a member of the Ohio High School Athletic Association, the governing body of Ohio athletics.
 There are currently sixteen member schools in the conference.
 The S.O.C. includes teams from four different Ohio counties - Jackson County (Oak Hill High School), Lawrence County (Symmes Valley High School), Pike County (Waverly High School, Eastern High School, and Western High School), and Scioto County (Clay High School, Green High School, Glenwood High School, Sciotoville Community School, Valley High School, Northwest High School, Minford High School, Portsmouth West High School, Notre Dame High School, South Webster High School, and Wheelersburg High School).
 The conference recognizes: baseball, boys' and girls' basketball, boys' and girls' cross country, football, boys' soccer, fast pitch softball, boys' and girls' swimming, boys' and girls' tennis, boys' and girls' track and field athletics, and girls' volleyball.
Metea Valley High School is a high school in Aurora, Illinois that opened in August, 2009 in DuPage County.
 The school is one of four high schools operated by the Indian Prairie School District.
 The others in Aurora are: Waubonsie Valley High School and Indian Plains, while Neuqua Valley High School is in Naperville.
Waubonsie Valley High School, or WVHS, is a public four-year high school at the corner of Ogden Avenue and Eola Road in Aurora, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 Other high schools in Indian Prairie School District 204 are Neuqua Valley High School, Metea Valley High School, and Indian Plains Alternative High School.
Panther Valley High School is a small public high school providing grades 7 to 12.
 It is the only high school for the Panther Valley School District.
 Panther Valley High School is located in the borough of Summit Hill with a mailing address of 912 Coal Region Way, Lansford, PA 18232.
 It serves students in both Carbon County and Schuylkill County.
 According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 488 pupils in grades 9th through 12th, with 219 pupils eligible for a federal free lunch.
 Panther Valley High School is a federal Title I school.
 The school employed 33 teachers yielding a student teacher ratio of 14:1.
 According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 10 teachers were rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
River Valley High School is a public high school near Bidwell, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
 It is one of two high schools in the Gallia County Local School District, the other school being South Gallia High School.
 Their nickname is the Raiders.
 The school has been rated "Excellent" two years in a row on the state report card making it one of the highest ranked schools within several counties.
 In August 2009 the current RVHS facility was officially opened, taking the place of the previous RVHS located in nearby Cheshire.
 The new location places River Valley High School just a short distance from its main feeder school, River Valley Middle School (formerly known as Bidwell-Porter Elementary).
 The 2009–10 school year was the first to take place in the new building, with the Class of 2010 being the first class to graduate, and the Class of 2013 being the first to complete all four years of their secondary education at the new building.
Neuqua Valley High School (NVHS) is a public four-year high school located near the corner of Illinois Route 59 and 95th Street in Naperville, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 Neuqua Valley is the counterpart to Waubonsie Valley High School and Metea Valley High School, in Indian Prairie School District 204.
Paloma Valley High School is a public four-year high school located in Menifee, California.
 The school is part of the Perris Union High School District.
 It opened its first school year on September 7, 1995.
 The mascot is the Wildcat.
 Paloma Valley High School was ranked by "Newsweek" magazine as the 374th best high school in California.
 Students have the opportunity to take Advanced Placement course work and exams.
 The AP participation rate at Paloma Valley High School is 35 percent.
 The student body makeup is 51 percent male and 50 percent female, and the total minority enrollment is 65 percent.
 Paloma Valley High School is 1 of 7 high schools in the Perris Union High.
Thomas R. Proctor High School is a public high school within the Utica City School District in Utica, New York.
 The school was built in the early 1930s through the U.S. Works Progress Association and Thomas R. Proctor and opened its doors in September 1936.
 The school is located within Oneida County and the current school principal is Steven Falchi.
 The school is the only public high school in Utica due to the closing of Utica Free Academy in 1990, and there are about 200 full-time teachers and around 2,600 students.
