Fairhope is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Washington Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States.
 It is in the northwest corner of Fayette County, bordered by Lynwood to the northwest, Naomi to the west, and Arnold City to the east.
 The borough of Belle Vernon is 2 mi to the northwest.
 Pennsylvania Route 201 passes through Fairhope, leading north to Interstate 70 and south to Fayette City.
 As of the 2010 census the population of Fairhope was 1,151.
The George H. Williams Townhouses, commonly known as "The Lawn" apartments, located in northwest Portland, Oregon, United States, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The three-unit townhouse structure was built for, and originally owned by, George Henry Williams, a former United States Attorney General, United States Senator (for Oregon), and Oregon Supreme Court Chief Justice.
 Later, Williams also served as mayor of Portland.
 The townhouses were built as a business investment, and Williams did not reside in the building.
 The structure was moved in 1922.
 Although always situated within the block bounded by NW 18th and 19th Avenues, and NW Couch and Davis Streets, it was originally in the block's northwest corner, "i.e." at the southeast corner of the intersection of NW 19th and Davis.
 In 1922, it was moved east within the same block, to the corner at NW 18th and Davis.
The Upstate is the region in the westernmost part of South Carolina, United States, also known as the Upcountry, which is the historical term.
 Although loosely defined among locals, the general definition includes the ten counties of the commerce-rich I-85 corridor in the northwest corner of South Carolina.
 This definition coincides with the Greenville–Spartanburg–Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Area, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget in 2015.
 The region's population was 1,409,582 as of 2014.
 Situated between Atlanta and Charlotte, the Upstate is the fastest-growing region of South Carolina.
 After BMW's initial investment, foreign companies, including others from Germany, have a substantial presence in the Upstate; several large corporations have established regional, national, or continental headquarters in the area.
 Greenville is the largest city in the region with a population of 67,453 and an urban-area population of 400,492, and it is the base of most commercial activity.
 Spartanburg, followed by Anderson, are next in population.
Bennetts Bayou is a stream in the U.S. states of Arkansas and Missouri.
 The stream source is in Howell County, Missouri, just south of US Route 160 west of Hocomo.
 The stream flows southwest into Ozark County, Missouri, and under Missouri Route 142 on the east side of Bakersfield.
 It then flows south through the extreme northwest corner of Fulton County, Arkansas, and into the northwest corner of Baxter County, Arkansas.
 It continues to the southwest and enters the northeast arm of Norfork Lake to the east of Gamaliel, Arkansas.
 The similarly named Bennetts River runs subparallel to Bennetts Bayou just to the southeast.
Sullivan's Corner Historic District is a historic district encompassing a historical rural crossroads in northeastern Norfolk, Massachusetts.
 The 18 acre district includes Norfolk's oldest cemetery, established c. 1736, and five 18th- to early 20th-century buildings currently used as residences.
 The core of the old cemetery is on the northeast corner of Seekonk and Main Streets, and the cemetery was enlarged north and east from that point in the 19th century.
 Four of the five houses in the district face the cemetery across Seekonk Street; the fifth, 1 Needham Street, lies across Main Street at the corner, and is one of Norfolk's best-preserved Greek Revival buildings.
 The building on the corner's northwest corner, Sullivan's Store, was built c. 1913, and is still somewhat recognizable as a corner store of the period, despite its conversion to residential use.
 It is Norfolk's only commercial building from that period.
Franklin Street Presbyterian Church and Parsonage is a historic Presbyterian church located at 100 West Franklin Street at Cathedral Street, northwest corner in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
 The church is a rectangular Tudor Gothic building dedicated in 1847, with an addition in 1865.
 The front features two 60 foot flanking octagonal towers are also crenelated and have louvered belfry openings and stained glass Gothic-arched windows.
 The parsonage has walls of brick, heavy Tudor-Gothic window hoods, and battlements atop the roof and was built in 1857.
 This church was incorporated in 1844 by a group of men from the First Presbyterian Church then located at the northwest corner of East Fayette Street and North Street (now Guilford Avenue) in downtown (later relocated in 1854 to West Madison Street and Park Avenue in Mount Vernon-Belvedere neighborhood after selling their previous third church building of 1790-95 to the Federal Government which built a U.S. Courthouse there [to 1889, replaced again 1932] dedicated in 1860 by President James Buchanan).
 They felt the need for a new church in that fast-growing northern section of the city formerly "Howard's Woods" of Col. John Eager Howard's (Revolutionary War commander of the famed "Maryland Line" regiment of the Continental Army) country estate "Belvedere" (mansion located at intersection of North Calvert and East Chase Streets, razed 1875) where the Washington Monument was erected with its four surrounding park squares just two blocks from their new building.
 Franklin Street Church was also located on "Cathedral Hill" in the southern part of the community bordering downtown and across the street from the old Baltimore Cathedral (Basilica of the National Shrine of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary) erected 1806-1821 and designed by Benjamin Latrobe.
 Later in 1882-1886, philanthropist Enoch Pratt founded his central library for the new Enoch Pratt Free Library then facing West Mulberry Street at Cathedral, a block south which was replaced in 1931-33 by a new central library building encompassing the entire block and now directly across Franklin Street from the F.S.P.C.
 In 1973, the two historic congregations reunited to form The First and Franklin Street Presbyterian Church and was centered at the First Church site on West Madison and Park.
 The Franklin Street building was used by the merged congregation for a time and then sold to a fundamentalist independent Protestant congregation and later re-sold to the present "New Unity Church Ministries".
 Across Cathedral Street to the northeast was the 1820s era Greek Revival home designed by Robert Mills (who also did the Washington Monument two blocks away) which later was occupied by the original Maryland Club, an exclusive Southern-leaning dining and leisure society of gentlemen, founded 1857 that was once threatened by Massachusetts Militia Gen. Benjamin F. Butler, U.S.A. when he occupied Baltimore at the beginning of the Civil War on May 13, 1861, and fortified Federal Hill with a Fort and cannons overlooking the harbor and city, "to put a shot into it" if he spied a reputed rebel flag flying or any discontent to declared martial law.
 The Club later moved to North Charles and East Eager Streets in 1892 and mansion was later replaced by the former Central Building of the Young Men's Christian Association of Central Maryland (YMCA) which was closed in the 1980s and the building renovated as the Mount Vernon Hotel and Cafe.
Dade County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia.
 It occupies the northwest corner of Georgia, and the county's own northwest corner is the westernmost point in the state.
 As of the 2010 census, the population is 16,633.
 The county seat and only incorporated municipality is Trenton.
Blue Hills is a community in Hartford County, Connecticut, encompassing the northwest corner of the city of Hartford and the southeast corner of the town of Bloomfield.
 The Bloomfield portion is listed by the U.S. Census Bureau as a census-designated place (CDP), with a population of 2,901 at the 2010 census.
Lobster Lake in the North Maine Woods was named because its shape resembles the outline of a lobster.
 The northwest corner of the lake in Northeast Carry township resembles a curled lobster tail, while the lake extending eastward into Lobster township resembles a lobster thorax.
 The larger eastern arm of the lake extending southward is "Big Claw" and a smaller western arm is "Little Claw".
 Lobster Stream connects the northwest corner of the lake to the West Branch Penobscot River 1.4 mi north of the lake.
 Lobster Lake and the river are at a similar elevation; so the West Branch may temporarily reverse flow through Lobster Stream into the lake during peak runoff events from the western Maine highlands along the Canadian border.
 The lake has self-sustaining populations of native lake trout and land-locked Atlantic salmon; but brook trout populations are suppressed by competition from yellow perch and white perch.
Buchanan Township is one of eleven townships in Atchison County, Missouri, United States.
 As of the 2010 census, its population was 83.
 The northwest corner of the township is the northwest corner of the entire state.
