Larisa Savchenko-Neiland (née Savchenko; born 21 July 1966) is a former professional tennis player who represented the Soviet Union and Latvia.
 A former world number one ranked doubles player, Neiland won two women's doubles Grand Slam titles and four mixed doubles Grand Slam titles.
 She also won two singles titles and sixty-five doubles titles.
Protégé Sports, Inc. is a company that provides online sports training from professional athletes and coaches.
 The company is based in Scottsdale, Arizona, and boasts a number of current and former professional athletes and coaches amongst its "mentors", including Steve Nash, Boris Diaw, Bob Lanier, George Gervin, Eddie Johnson, Kevin Young, Tim Salmon, Craig Waibel, Peter Kostis and Gary McCord.
Paul Vojtischek (born Pavel Vojtíšek, 13 June 1963) is a Czechoslovak-born West German retired professional tennis player.
 Vojtisek, who got West German citizenship in his early 20s, is married to two-time Grand Slam finalist Renáta Tomanová.
Arantxa Sánchez Vicario and Larisa Neiland were the defending champions, but Neiland did not compete this year as she retired from professional tennis during this season.
 Sánchez Vicario teamed up with Barbara Schett and lost in quarterfinals to Kimberly Po and Anne-Gaëlle Sidot.
Darren Treasure (born 1965) is a high performance sport consultant.
 Treasure’s past and present clients include sport governing bodies and professional athletes in a variety of sports and in the entertainment field.
 He has worked as a sport psychology consultant with Olympic, World and NCAA national champions and all-American athletes at a number of different Universities.
 Treasure currently resides in Portland, Oregon, and serves as the High Performance Director for the Nike Oregon Project.
 In 2010, Treasure was featured in a Runner's World magazine article for his work with Kara Goucher and Alberto Salazar.
 He's also been featured in a number of running periodicals for his work with, among others, the American record holder in the mile Alan Webb, and American long distance runner Galen Rupp, both of whom are members of the Oregon Project.
Olga Zaitseva (born 12 March 1962) is a former competitor for the Soviet Union at the 1979, 1980, 1981 and 1983 editions of the Federation Cup.
 Despite posting doubles victories over top professionals such as Betty Stöve, Hana Mandlíková and Renáta Tomanová, Zaitseva did not compete at any point on the women's professional tennis circuit or at any of the Grand Slams and thus never attained a world ranking.
The term Sports Associations (German: "Sportvereinigung" , ] ) in East Germany (German Democratic Republic, GDR) meant a sports agency for certain economic branches of the whole society, which were members of the East German Sports Association (DTSB).
 Members of biggest social employers had their own branch sports clubs or the "Sportvereinigung".
 One of the biggest problems is that you can not find almanacs of these today.
 All of them were recycled or sold to private persons.
 So you can not start an article about each trade sports association, since 2012.
 The rest are data banks of history sections from the sport club sites with the certain name or in addition: pennants, medals, flags, and other related objects.
 Nevertheless, you can find still a lot of sports societies in the former GDR which use the old names.
 After 1954 they separated amateur sport from professional sport, and from 1961, most Trade Sports-Associations of sports societies in the GDR had been closed but existed under single clubs with the name BSG ("Betriebssportgemeinschaft") which meant Cooperative Sports Collective in English.
 In 1966, the football sections were separated and they used the name Fußballclub (FC).
 They had to conform to the rules of the East German Sports Association.
 The sections of the associations were called Sports Clubs (SCs) for only the professional athletes.
Renáta Tomanová (born 9 December 1954) is a former professional tennis player from Czechoslovakia.
Mary Pierce and Larisa Neiland were the defending champions, but none competed this year.
 Neiland retired from professional tennis during this season.
Improvements in the management of diabetes mellitus in the twentieth century have made it possible for athletes to compete in sport at a professional level.
 While it is rare for professional athletes to have type 2 diabetes, a number of notable athletes have type 1.
