Laura Marie Marano (born November 29, 1995) is an American actress and singer.
 She starred in the Disney Channel series "Austin & Ally" as Ally Dawson.
 Marano was one of the five original classmates in "Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
".
 She starred in "Without a Trace" for three seasons and also "Back to You", in both instances playing the daughter of the main characters.
 Marano starred in the indie film "A Sort of Homecoming".
 Marano also starred in the 2015 Disney Channel Original Movie "Bad Hair Day" along with "Good Luck Charlie" actress Leigh-Allyn Baker.
 In 2015, she signed with Big Machine Records and released her debut single "Boombox" on March 11, 2016.
 At the end of 2016, Big Machine Records made the decision to drop all of their pop artists.
 Marano then signed to Warner Bros.
 Records in 2017 and plans to release her debut album with the label.
 She is also the younger sister of actress Vanessa Marano who starred in Freeform's "Switched at Birth".
John Allen Amos Jr. (born December 27, 1939) is an American actor who is best known for his role as James Evans, Sr. on the CBS television series "Good Times" (1974–76).
 Amos' other television work includes roles in "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", the miniseries "Roots", for which he received an Emmy nomination, and a recurring role as Admiral Percy Fitzwallace on "The West Wing".
 Amos also played the father of Will Smith's character's girlfriend, Lisa Wilkes, in "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", and he had a recurring role on "In the House" with LL Cool J, as Coach Sam Wilson.
 Amos played the Father of Tommy Strawn (Thomas Mikal Ford) on the long running sitcom, "Martin", as Sgt. Strawn, and another recurring role on "Two and a Half Men" as Chelsea's dad's new lover, Edward Boynton.
 Amos also played Major Grant, the US Special forces officer in "Die Hard 2".
 Amos has also appeared on Broadway and in numerous films in a career that spans four decades.
 He has received nominations for a Primetime Emmy Award and NAACP Image Award.
Leigh-Allyn Baker (born March 13, 1972) is an American actress and voice artist.
 She had recurring roles on "Charmed" and "Will & Grace", and a starring role as the matriarch Amy Duncan on the Disney Channel sitcom "Good Luck Charlie".
 She provided the voice of Abby on the Nickelodeon animated series "Back at the Barnyard".
John Pappas (born November 11, 1951) is an American actor, playwright and former comic who has appeared on television and in film since the 1970s.
 Pappas is best known for his recurring role as "Pappas" on the television series Hardball (NBC 1989-1990).
 Pappas is also known for his recurring role of Leo Sullivan on the NBC Soap Opera "Days of Our Lives" (NBC1994).
 In 2001 Pappas returned to "Days of Our Lives" in another recurring role of a convict named "Buddy".
 Pappas is an award-winning actor receiving a 1990 best actor award from the L.A. Weekly, for his performance in Gilbert Girion’s BAD COUNTRY.
 He received 2 Drama-Logue awards, one in 1989 and another in 1988.
Hilarie Ross Burton (born July 1, 1982) is an American actress and producer.
 A former host of MTV's "Total Request Live", she portrayed Peyton Sawyer on the The WB/CW drama "One Tree Hill" for six seasons (2003–09).
 Burton gained wider recognition with leading roles in the films "Our Very Own", "Solstice" and "The List".
 She starred as Sara Ellis on the USA crime drama "White Collar" (2010–13); and, in 2013, she had a recurring role as Dr. Lauren Boswell on the ABC medical drama "Grey's Anatomy".
 In 2014, she appeared in the short-lived ABC drama series "Forever" as Molly Dawes, and a recurring role in the short-lived CBS sci-fi drama series "Extant" as Anna Schaefer in 2015.
 In 2016, Burton was cast in a recurring role as DEA Agent Karen Palmer on the Fox action dramedy series "Lethal Weapon".
"Smallville" is an American television series developed by writer/producers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, and was initially broadcast by The WB.
 After its fifth season, the WB and UPN merged to form The CW, which was the second broadcaster for the show in the United States.
 The series features a regular cast of characters, which began with eight main characters in its first season.
 Since then, characters from that first season have left the series, with new main characters having been both written in and out of the series.
 In addition, "Smallville" features guest stars each week, as well as recurring guests that take part in mini story arcs that span a portion of a season.
 Occasionally, the recurring guest storylines will span multiple seasons.
Bad Hair Day is a Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered on February 13, 2015, starring Laura Marano and Leigh-Allyn Baker.
"Grace, Replaced" is the eighteenth episode of the first season of the American television series "Will & Grace".
 It was written by Katie Palmer and directed by series producer James Burrows.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on April 8, 1999.
 Actors Molly Shannon, Leigh-Allyn Baker, and Tom Gallop guest starred on "Grace, Replaced".
Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas!
 (also known as Good Luck Charlie: The Road Trip Movie in the United Kingdom and Ireland) is a 2011 Christmas film based on the Disney Channel Original Series "Good Luck Charlie".
 The film was directed by Arlene Sanford and written by Geoff Rodkey, and stars Bridgit Mendler, Leigh-Allyn Baker, Bradley Steven Perry, Mia Talerico, Eric Allan Kramer, and Jason Dolley as the Duncan family.
 The Disney Channel Original Movie follows the Duncan family on their road trip to Amy Duncan's parents' house for Christmas.
 It premiered on December 2, 2011 on Disney Channel ten years after Disney Channel's last Christmas-themed original movie, "'Twas the Night" in 2001.
"Good Luck Charlie" is an American sitcom that originally aired on Disney Channel from April 4, 2010 to February 16, 2014.
 The series revolves around Teddy Duncan (Bridgit Mendler), a teenage girl who makes video diaries for her little sister Charlie (Mia Talerico) about her family and life as a teenager.
 The video diaries are made to help Charlie when she grows up.
 The series also stars Jason Dolley as PJ; Bradley Steven Perry as Gabe; and Leigh-Allyn Baker and Eric Allan Kramer as Amy and Bob Duncan, the children's parents.
