Ivan L. Moody (born Ivan Lewis Greening), (born January 7, 1975) known by the pseudonym Ghost during his time with Motograter, is the lead vocalist for American alternative metal band Five Finger Death Punch.
 He had performed for several bands before settling down with Five Finger Death Punch (often abbreviated to FFDP or 5FDP).
 As an actor, he also starred in the films "Bled" as Incubus, and "The Devil's Carnival" as the hobo clown.
"Far from Home" is a song by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch.
 It was released as the sixth and final single from their second studio album "War Is the Answer" on September 16, 2010.
 It debuted at #33 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Songs chart, eventually peaking at #4.
 It debuted at #45 on the "Billboard" Rock Songs chart and has peaked at #14.
 It is one of Five Finger Death Punch's most well known songs.
"Walk Away" is a song by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch.
 The song was released as the second single from their second album, "War Is The Answer", and their fifth single overall on November 2, 2009.
 The song peaked at number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart (the band's fourth top-10 on that chart), number 31 on the Alternative Songs chart and number 21 on the Rock Songs chart (their 2nd appearance in the latter charts), making it their second highest-charted single to date.
 It was a free downloadable track in the iPhone game application, Tap Tap Revenge 3.
 It was also used as the official theme song for the 2010 TNA Lockdown PPV.
War Is the Answer is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch.
 It was released on September 22, 2009 through Prospect Park.
 The album debuted at number 7 on the "Billboard" 200, selling approximately 44,000 copies in its first week.
 It is also their last album to feature bassist Matt Snell, who departed from the band in late 2010.
 "War Is the Answer" has been certified platinum in the U.S., with sales of 1,000,000, making it their best-selling album.
Coney Island Avenue is a roadway in the New York City borough of Brooklyn that runs north-south for a distance of roughly five miles, almost parallel to Ocean Parkway and Ocean Avenue.
 It begins at Brighton Beach Avenue in Coney Island and goes north to Park Circle at the southwest corner of Prospect Park, where it becomes Prospect Park Southwest.
 Near-parallel Ocean Parkway terminates five blocks south and three blocks west of that intersection, becoming the Prospect Expressway (New York State Route 27).
 Ocean Parkway originally extended north to Park Circle, where Coney Island Avenue meets Prospect Park, until construction of the Prospect Expressway replaced the northern half-mile of Ocean Parkway but included ramps to the edge of Prospect Park.
The discography of Five Finger Death Punch (5FDP), an American heavy metal band, consists of six studio albums, one live album, one extended play (EP), 23 singles and 16 music videos. Formed in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2005, the group features vocalist Ivan Moody, lead guitarist Jason Hook, rhythm guitarist Zoltan Bathory, bassist Chris Kael and drummer Jeremy Spencer.
 In 2007, the band released its debut album "The Way of the Fist", which reached number 107 on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 All three singles from the album reached the top 20 of the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Songs chart.
 After Hook replaced previous guitarist Darrell Roberts, 5FDP released "War Is the Answer" in 2009 which reached the top ten of the "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Four singles from the album reached the Mainstream Rock top ten, while the band's cover of "Bad Company" was certified platinum.
Jeremy Spencer Heyde, known simply as Jeremy Spencer, (born January 8, 1973) is an American musician, songwriter and record producer.
 He is the drummer for the metal band, Five Finger Death Punch.
 In 2012, he was named Golden God's "Best Drummer" by Revolver Magazine, and was voted Best Drummer of 2015 by Loudwire.
 His autobiography, "Death Punch'd"—Surviving Five Finger Death Punch's Metal Mayhem, was published on September 2, 2014 by HarperCollins imprint Dey St, and named a New York Times Celebrity Bestseller.
 He was also voted Best Drummer at the 5th Annual Loudwire Music Awards.
"Hard to See" is a song by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch.
 The song was released as the first single from their second album "War Is the Answer", and their fourth single overall.
 The single was released on July 21, 2009.
Five Finger Death Punch, often shortened to Death Punch and abbreviated as 5FDP or FFDP, is an American heavy metal band from Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Formed in 2005, the band's name comes from the kung fu movie "The Five Fingers of Death", to which Quentin Tarantino later made reference in his movie "Kill Bill".
 The band originally consisted of vocalist Ivan Moody, guitarist Zoltan Bathory, guitarist Caleb Andrew Bingham, bassist Matt Snell, and drummer Jeremy Spencer.
 Bingham was replaced by guitarist Darrell Roberts in 2006, who was then replaced by Jason Hook in 2009.
 Bassist Matt Snell departed from the band in 2010, and was replaced by Chris Kael in 2011.
Got Your Six is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch.
 It was released on September 4, 2015 on Prospect Park.
