299 Queen Street West, also known as Bell Media Queen Street, is the headquarters of the television/radio broadcast hub of Bell Canada's media unit, Bell Media located at the intersection of Queen Street West and John Street in Downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 The building previously served as the headquarters of CTVglobemedia until Bell Canada acquired CTV again in 2011 as well as CHUM Television, a division of CHUM Limited, until CTV acquired CHUM in 2007, and was once known as the CHUM-City Building.
 It is now head offices and downtown Toronto studios for Bell Media.
The Sports Network (TSN) is a Canadian English language sports specialty service.
 Established by the Labatt Brewing Company in 1984 as part of the first group of Canadian specialty cable channels, since 2001, TSN has been majority-owned by communications conglomerate Bell Canada (presently through its broadcasting subsidiary Bell Media) with a minority stake held by ESPN Inc. via a 20% share in the Bell Media subsidiary CTV Specialty Television.
 TSN is the largest specialty channel in Canada in terms of gross revenue, with a total of $400.4 million in revenue in 2013.
CTV Specialty Television Inc. is jointly owned by Bell Media and ESPN, with 80% owned by Bell Media and 20% owned by ESPN (itself 80% owned by The Walt Disney Company and 20% owned by Hearst Corporation).
Card Sharks is an American television game show created by Chester Feldman for Mark Goodson-Bill Todman Productions.
 Based on the card game Acey Deucey, the game has two contestants compete for control of a row of oversized playing cards by answering questions posed by the host and then guessing if the next card is higher or lower in value than the previous one.
 The concept has been made into a series four separate times since its debut in 1978, and also appeared as part of CBS's "Gameshow Marathon".
 The show originally ran on NBC from 1978 to 1981 with Jim Perry hosting; a revival ran from 1986 to 1989 on CBS with Bob Eubanks as host, accompanied by another version in syndication with Bill Rafferty.
 Gene Wood was the announcer on these three versions.
 Another syndicated revival aired from 2001 to 2002 with Pat Bullard as host and Gary Kroeger as announcer.
 All versions of the show had various female assistants to handle the playing cards.
The Bell Media Tower (Tour Bell Média) is a skyscraper in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
 Located at 1800 McGill College Avenue, it was built for the Montreal Trust Company, and shared the name Place Montreal Trust with the adjoining mall.
 It stands 125 m (410 ft) and 30 storeys tall.
 It was originally owned by Cadillac Fairview but is now owned by Ivanhoe Cambridge.
 The main tenant was Astral Media, which had its corporate headquarters in the building along with several of its French-speaking television stations.
 In 2013, Bell acquired Astral Media, changing the tower's name to Bell Media Tower when it became regional offices for Bell Media.
Bell Media Inc. ("French": Bell Média) is the mass media subsidiary of BCE Inc. (also known as Bell Canada Enterprises, the parent company of the former telephone monopoly Bell Canada).
 Its operations include television broadcasting and production (including the CTV and CTV Two television networks), radio broadcasting (through Bell Media Radio), digital media (including CraveTV) and Internet properties including Sympatico.
ca.
Game$how Marathon is an American television program which aired on CBS from May 31, 2006 to June 29, 2006.
 It is based on the United Kingdom series "Ant & Dec's Gameshow Marathon" which aired on ITV in 2005.
 It also aired in Canada on CTV.
TSN Radio is a semi-national sports radio brand and part-time network in Canada carried on AM radio stations owned by Bell Media Radio.
 The TSN Radio brand, and some of the stations' content, is shared with Bell Media's television sports channel, The Sports Network.
 With the American sports media company ESPN being a minority shareholder in TSN, most of the stations also air some ESPN Radio programming, usually on weekends and/or overnight.
CTV is an English-language broadcast television network in Canada launched in 1961.
 Since 2000 it is owned by the Bell Media division of BCE, Inc. It is Canada's largest privately or commercially owned network, and has consistently been placed as Canada's top-rated network in total viewers and in key demographics since 2002, after several years trailing the rival Global Television Network in key markets.
Bell Media Radio is the Canadian radio broadcasting division of Bell Media which is owned by BCE Inc. The division owns the bulk of the radio properties owned by CHUM Limited in 2007 when it was purchased by CTVglobemedia (now Bell Media), and Astral Media when it was purchased by Bell in 2013.
