A Severe Mercy is an autobiographical book by Sheldon Vanauken, relating the author's relationship with his wife, their friendship with C. S. Lewis, conversion to Christianity, and subsequent tragedy.
 It was first published in 1977.
 The book is strongly influenced, at least stylistically, by the Evelyn Waugh novel Brideshead Revisited.
 It was followed by a sequel, "Under the Mercy", first published in 1985.
The Comforters is the first novel by Scottish author Muriel Spark.
 She drew on experiences as a recent convert to Catholicism and having suffered hallucinations due to using Dexedrine, an amphetamine then available over the counter for dieting.
 Although completed in late 1955, the book was not published until 1957.
 A mutual friend, novelist Alan Barnsley, had sent the proofs to Evelyn Waugh.
 At the time Waugh was writing "The Ordeal of Gilbert Pinfold," which dealt with his own drug-induced hallucinations.
The Ordeal of Gilbert Pinfold is a novel by the British writer Evelyn Waugh, first published in July 1957.
 It is Waugh's penultimate full-length work of fiction, which the author called his "mad book"—a largely autobiographical account of a period of hallucinations caused by bromide intoxication that he experienced in the early months of 1954, recounted through his protagonist Gilbert Pinfold.
Lady Teresa Lorraine Waugh ("née" Onslow; born 26 February 1940) is a British novelist and translator.
 She is the daughter of the 6th Earl of Onslow and his first wife, Pamela Dillon.
 On 1 July 1961, Lady Teresa married the author Auberon Waugh, eldest son of Evelyn Waugh.
Virginia Sorensen, née Eggertsen, also credited as Virginia Sorenson (February 17, 1912, in Provo, Utah – December 24, 1991), was the author of the 1957 John Newbery Medal winning "Miracles on Maple Hill", based in the Erie, Pennsylvania region where she lived at the time.
 She grew up in Manti and American Fork, Utah.
 Her first novel, "A Little Lower Than the Angels", was written and published in 1942 while she resided in Terre Haute, Indiana, with her first husband Frederick C. Sorensen, a professor at Indiana State Teachers College, now Indiana State University.
 With its publication, Alfred Knopf declared, "I have seldom introduced a new novelist with the confidence I feel in the author of this remarkable book.
 It marks the debut, I believe, of a major American writer."
 She is considered "one of Utah's premiere gifts to literary America."
 Her first book for children, "Curious Missy", grew out of her efforts with a bookmobile in Alabama.
 She later divorced Sorensen and married Alec Waugh, son of Arthur Waugh and brother of Evelyn Waugh, in 1969.
 Her books are usually Mormon-themed.
 She received two Guggenheim fellowships, one in 1946 to study tribe of Mexican Indians, and one in 1954 to study in Denmark as regards the history of Sanpete Valley's settlers.
Alexander Raban "Alec" Waugh (8 July 1898 – 3 September 1981), was a British novelist, the elder brother of the better-known Evelyn Waugh and son of Arthur Waugh, author, literary critic, and publisher.
 His first wife was Barbara Jacobs (daughter of the writer William Wymark Jacobs), his second wife was Joan Chirnside and his third wife was Virginia Sorenson, author of the Newbery Medal–winning "Miracles on Maple Hill".
The Temple at Thatch was an unpublished novel by the British author Evelyn Waugh, his first adult attempt at full-length fiction.
 He began writing it in 1924 at the end of his final year as an undergraduate at Hertford College, Oxford, and continued to work on it intermittently in the following 12 months.
 After his friend Harold Acton commented unfavourably on the draft in June 1925, Waugh burned the manuscript.
 In a fit of despondency from this and other personal disappointments he began a suicide attempt before experiencing what he termed "a sharp return to good sense".
A Handful of Dust is a novel by the British writer Evelyn Waugh.
 First published in 1934, it is often grouped with the author's early, satirical comic novels for which he became famous in the pre-World War II years.
 Commentators have, however, drawn attention to its serious undertones, and have regarded it as a transitional work pointing towards Waugh's Catholic postwar fiction.
Decline and Fall is a novel by the English author Evelyn Waugh, first published in 1928.
 It was Waugh's first published novel; an earlier attempt, titled "The Temple at Thatch", was destroyed by Waugh while still in manuscript form.
 "Decline and Fall" is based in part on Waugh's schooldays at Lancing College, undergraduate years at Hertford College, Oxford, and his experience as a teacher at Arnold House in north Wales.
 It is a social satire that employs the author's characteristic black humour in lampooning various features of British society in the 1920s.
The Sword of Honour trilogy by Evelyn Waugh consists of three novels, "Men at Arms" (1952), "Officers and Gentlemen" (1955) and "Unconditional Surrender" (1961, published as "The End of the Battle" in the US), which loosely parallel Waugh's experiences in the Second World War.
 Waugh received the 1952 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for "Men at Arms".
