The Great and British Motorsport Festival is a package of motor races organised by the BARC and promoted by Dunlop.
 The events are a new addition to the motorsport calendar and appears at the Snetterton, Brands Hatch, Pembrey, Silverstone, Thruxton, Croft and Donington Park racing circuits.
 Despite the title of the events, a race meeting is held at the Spa Francorchamps circuit in Belgium.
Sean Walker (born 24 March 1958) is a British auto racing driver.
 He still competes today in historic racing events.
 His father Ian Walker (1926–2008) was noted as the "Doyen of British Motorsport" (Ref The Independent 18 July 2008) was a driver, engineer and designer/modifier of race cars particularly Lotus.
 Ian Walker's cars were driven by famous drivers such as Jim Clark, Graham Hill and Peter Arundell.
John Quenby (born 30 October 1941) has been one of the most influential figures in British motorsport becoming Chief Executive of the RAC Motor Sports Association (1990-2001), the official governing body of motorsport in the UK, a director of the Auto-Cycle Union (1995–98), Chairman of the Speedway Control Board (1998-2002) and former Chairman of the Motorcycle Circuit Racing Control Board (1995-2000).
The Whitianga Festival of Speed (Whitianga FOS) was a motorsport festival held in the seaside town of Whitianga on the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand in 2009 and 2010.
 The festival hosted a multitude of events including the New Zealand Helicopter Championships, Offshore powerboat racing, Aerobatic Displays, Off-road Vehicle Demonstrations, Jet Ski racing and bespoke events such as Rally Car Vs Helicopter racing.
 The event was free for spectators.
Prodrive is a British motorsport and advanced engineering group based in Banbury, Oxfordshire, England.
 It designs, constructs and races cars for companies and teams such as Aston Martin, MINI and Volkswagen.
 Its advanced technology division now applies this motorsport engineering approach to deliver engineering solutions into automotive OEMs, aerospace, defence, marine and other sectors, which now represents more than half its turnover.
 Prodrive also has a specialist composite division based in Milton Keynes where it manufactures lightweight carbon composite CRFP and visual carbon components for many supercars and increasingly for the luxury automotive, aerospace and marine sectors.
Charles Newton "Charlie" Cooper (14 October 1893 – 2 October 1964) was a British motorsport mechanic, designer and entrepreneur.
Teamcraft Motorsport was a British motorsport team based in Silverstone, UK.
 The team competed in the now defunct A1 Grand Prix and Euroseries 3000 series.
James P. Vowles, born 1979 in Felbridge, is a British motorsport engineer, currently working in Formula One with the Mercedes team as their Chief Strategist.
John Roderick Mansfield (born 29 May 1934) is a British engineer and business executive, influencing British motorsport, and ultimately many British "boy racers".
Clyde Valley Racing (also known as CVR) are a British motorsport team.
 For 2009 they entered the British Touring Car Championship for the first time, with two SEAT Leóns under the Cartridge World Carbon Zero Racing banner, having secured Cartridge World as their main sponsor.
 For their debut season in the BTCC, they acquired the driving services of experienced Dan Eaves and Adam Jones.
 Colin Neill is the team principal with former Williams F1 engineer Doug Bebb as team manager.
