The Structure of Evolutionary Theory (2002) is Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould's technical book on macroevolution and the historical development of evolutionary theory.
 The book was twenty years in the making, published just two months before Gould's death.
 Aimed primarily at professionals, the volume is divided into two parts.
 The first is a historical study of classical evolutionary thought, drawing extensively upon primary documents; the second is a constructive critique of the modern synthesis, and presents a case for an interpretation of biological evolution based largely on hierarchical selection, and the theory of punctuated equilibrium (developed by Niles Eldredge and Gould in 1972).
Dinosaur in a Haystack (1995) is the seventh volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould.
 The essays were culled from his monthly column "The View of Life" published in "Natural History" magazine, which Gould contributed for 27 years.
 The book deals with themes familiar to Gould's writing: evolution, science biography, probabilities, and strange oddities found in nature.
I Have Landed (2002) is the 10th and final volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould.
 The essays were culled from his monthly column "This View of Life" in "Natural History" magazine, to which Gould contributed for 27 years.
 The book deals, in typically discursive fashion, with themes familiar to Gould's writing: evolution and its teaching, science biography, probabilities and common sense.
The Flamingo's Smile: Reflections in Natural History, published in 1985, is the fourth volume of collected essays from evolutionary biologist and well-known science writer Stephen Jay Gould; the essays were culled from his monthly column "The View of Life" in "Natural History" magazine, to which Gould contributed for more than two decades.
 The book deals, in typically discursive fashion, with themes familiar to Gould's writing: evolution and its teaching, science biography, probabilities and common sense.
Eight Little Piggies (1993) is the sixth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould.
 The essays were selected from his monthly column "The View of Life" in "Natural History" magazine, to which Gould contributed for 27 years.
 The book deals, in typically discursive fashion, with themes familiar to Gould's writing: evolution and its teaching, science biography, probabilities and common sense.
Dawkins vs. Gould: Survival of the Fittest is a book about the differing views of biologists Richard Dawkins and Stephen Jay Gould by philosopher of biology Kim Sterelny.
 When first published in 2001 it became an international best-seller.
 A new edition was published in 2007 to include Gould's "The Structure of Evolutionary Theory" finished shortly before his death in 2002, and more recent works by Dawkins.
 The synopsis below is from the 2007 publication.
Stephen Jay Gould ( ; September 10, 1941 – May 20, 2002) was an American paleontologist, evolutionary biologist, and historian of science.
 He was also one of the most influential and widely read writers of popular science of his generation.
 Gould spent most of his career teaching at Harvard University and working at the American Museum of Natural History in New York.
 In 1996 Gould was also appointed as the Vincent Astor Visiting Research Professor of Biology at New York University, where he divided his time teaching both there and at Harvard.
Jay Gould II (September 1, 1888 – January 26, 1935) was an American real tennis player and a grandson of the railroad magnate Jay Gould.
 He was the world champion (1914–1916) and the Olympic gold medalist (London, 1908, then under the name jeu de paume).
 He held the U.S. Amateur Championship title continuously from 1906–1925, winning 18 times (no tournaments were held during the U.S. involvement in World War I).
 During the same period, he never lost a set to an American amateur, and lost only one singles match, to English champion E.M. Baerlein.
 The court built for him by his father at the family's Georgian Court estate was restored in 2005.
 Jay Gould II is the great great uncle of US Olympic cyclist Georgia Gould, who qualified to race in the London 2012 Olympiad.
The Jay Gould House was a mansion located at 857 Fifth Avenue at East 67th Street on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.
 It was constructed for Jay Gould in the French Neo-Gothic style, and given by Gould to his son George Jay Gould in 1868.
 The younger Gould tore the mansion down in 1906, and had the George J. Gould House built in its place.
Ever Since Darwin is a 1977 book by the paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould.
 Gould's first book of collected essays, it originated from his monthly column "This View of Life," published in "Natural History" magazine.
 Edwin Barber—who was then the editorial director for W. W. Norton & Company— encouraged Gould to produce a book.
 He soon commissioned Gould to write "The Mismeasure of Man", but it was not until three years later, when Gould accumulated 33 columns, that it occurred to either of them that the "Natural History" columns should be published in a single volume.
 The collection of essays, written between 1973–1977, became a best-seller and propelled Gould to national prominence.
