The Kanichee Mine, also less commonly known as the Ajax Mine, is an abandoned base metal and precious metal mine, located in the Temagami region of northeastern Ontario, Canada.
 It is near the small unincorporated community of Temagami North, accessed by the Kanichee Mine Road from Highway 11.
 The Kanichee Mine zone has been explored and mined discontinuously from as early as 1910.
 During the 20th century, it operated and closed down at least three times, with the most recent being from 1973 to 1976.
 To date, the discontinuous operation of Kanichee Mine has produced 4.2 million pounds of metal.
The Drifting-2 (漂-2, or Piao-2) drifting mine is a small drifting mine jointly developed by the 710th Research Institute and Dalian Crane Factory.
 This drifting mine system is the first in Chinese service to be able to be taken apart for easier transportation, and then assembled just before being planted, and it is designed to float just below the surface of the water to avoid being visually detected.
 This mine is mainly for riverine and coastal use and can also be used as part of the moored mine system.
The San Manuel Copper Mine was a surface and underground porphyry copper mine located in San Manuel, Pinal County, Arizona.
 Frank Schultz was the original discoverer, in 1879, but the main body of the deposits were discovered by Henry W. Nichols in 1942.
 The exploration drilling went on from 1943 to 1948, with the first mine shaft built 1948.
 Louis Lesser developed a mining city to service Nichols’ newly discovered deposits, and the development was completed about 1954.
 The first major production began in 1955, and the mine and smelter were permanently closed in 2003.
The Salmita Mine was a gold producer in the Northwest Territories, Canada during 1983 to 1987.
 The deposit was first discovered in 1945 and underground exploration was carried out in 1951-1952.
 It was reactivated for exploration by Giant Yellowknife Mines Limited in 1975 and entered production in 1983.
 They used the old camp and milling plant of the abandoned Tundra Mine, located a few kilometres to the south.
 The mine produced 179,906 troy ounces (5596 kg) of gold from the milling of 238,177 tons of ore.
Moored-4 (锚-4, Mao-4) moored mine developed by Fengxi Machinery Factory (汾西机器厂) was accepted into service in November 1973, and it is the first moored mine in the Chinese service that incorporates acoustic fuse.
 The mine can be planted by both the surface ships and submarines from depth of 20–200 meters, and it weighs 600 kg.
 The mine has an effective radius of 20 meters and effective life of 2 years.
 The original Moored-4 was upgraded to Moored-4-I (锚-4甲, Mao-4-Jia) standard in November 1982, and subsequently upgraded into Moored-4-II (锚-4乙, Mao-4-Yi) standard by December 1985.
 In comparison to earlier versions, the latest version adopted large scale integrated circuits.
The Homestake Mine was a deep underground gold mine located in Lead, South Dakota.
 Until it closed in 2002 it was the largest and deepest gold mine in North America.
 The mine produced more than 40,000,000 ozt of gold during its lifetime.
 The Homestake Mine is famous in scientific circles for being the site at which the solar neutrino problem was first discovered.
 This became known as the Homestake Experiment.
 The deep underground laboratory was set up by Raymond Davis Jr. in the mid-1960s to become the first experiment to observe solar neutrinos.
Dagus Mines is an unincorporated community and coal town located in Elk County, Pennsylvania.
 Their post office opened in 1880.
 Dagus Mines was built by the Northwestern and Mine Exchange Company for its many workers.
 The company would open multiple mines in the area with the first one being Eureka.
 The most famous mine was a 36" thick section of the Lower Kittanning seam.
 (Sometimes locally known as the Dagus seam.)
 J.H. Steele would open the "Company Store," carrying mining supplies, clothing, footwear, groceries and feed for farm animals.
 It later became G.H. Gatto's store.
 The building then served as an apartment building until early 2017 when it was destroyed by fire and razed.
 Dagus Mines also featured a hotel and union hall.
 "Where the Fox Township Medical Center is located today, the Dagus Mines Union Hall once stood.
 Besides union meetings, medicine shows often appeared there.
 Across the street from the union hall was the Hau Hotel."
Nova Lima is a municipality of about 87,000 people, whose downtown is located about 20 kilometers of Belo Horizonte, the capital of the south-eastern Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.
 Mining is one of the main economical activities of the city, including the extraction of Iron Ore and Gold.
 The most famous mine in the city is Morro Velho (Old Hill), a gold mine of 2700 m depth.
The Lochnagar mine was an underground explosive charge, secretly planted by the British during the First World War, ready for 1 July 1916, the first day on the Somme.
 The mine was dug by the Tunnelling Companies of the Royal Engineers under a German field fortification known as "Schwabenhöhe" (Swabian Height) in the front line, south of the village of La Boisselle in the Somme "département".
 The British named the mine after Lochnagar Street, the British trench from which the gallery was driven.
 The charge at Lochnagar was one of 19 mines that were placed beneath the German lines on the British section of the Somme front, to assist the infantry advance at the start of the battle.
 The Lochnagar mine was sprung at 7:28 a.m. on 1 July 1916 and left a crater 30 m deep and 100 m wide, which was captured and held by British troops.
 The attack on either flank was defeated by German small-arms and artillery fire, except on the extreme right flank and just south of La Boisselle, north of the Lochnagar Crater.
 The crater has been preserved as a memorial and a religious service is held each 1 July.
The Burra Burra Mine is a copper mine located in Ducktown, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.
 Named for the famous mine in Australia, the Burra Burra Mine extracted over 15 million tons (14 million metric tons) of copper ore during its 60 years of operation between 1899 and 1959.
 The mine's remaining structures are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Burra Burra Mine Historic District.
 The site is also home to the Ducktown Basin Museum, and the museum and mine are a Tennessee State Historic Site operated in partnership with the Tennessee Historical Commission.
