This name for the Academy Award for Live Action Short Film was introduced in 1974.
 For the three preceding years it was known as "Short Subjects, Live Action Films".
 The term "Short Subjects, Live Action Subjects" was used from 1957 until 1970.
 From 1936 until 1956 there were two separate awards, "Best Short Subject, One-reel" and "Best Short Subject, Two-reel".
 These categories referred to the running time of the short: a reel of film, in this context, being 1000 feet or less, or about 11 minutes.
 A third category "Best Short Subject, color" was used only for 1936 and 1937.
 From the initiation of short subject awards for 1932 until 1935 the terms were "Best Short Subject, comedy" and "Best Short Subject, novelty".
 Below is a list of Oscar-winning short films.
 The winning film is listed first, with the other nominated films for that year/category below.
Current Biography is an American monthly magazine published by the H. W. Wilson Company of The Bronx, New York, a publisher of reference books, that appears every month except December.
 "Current Biography" contains profiles of people in the news and includes politicians, athletes, businessmen, and entertainers.
 Published since 1940, the articles are annually collected into bound volumes called Current Biography Yearbook.
 A December issue of the magazine is not published because the staff works on the final cumulative volume for the year.
 Articles in the bound volumes correct any mistakes that may have appeared in the magazine and may include additional relevant information about the subject that became available since publication of the original article.
 The work is a standard reference source in American libraries and the publisher keeps in print the older volumes.
 Wilson also issues cumulative indexes to the set, and an online version is available as a subscription database.
The Story of a Great Schoolmaster is a 1924 biography of Frederick William Sanderson (1857-1922) by H. G. Wells.
 It is the only biography Wells wrote.
 Sanderson was a personal friend, having met Wells in 1914 when his sons George Philip ('Gip'), born in 1901, and Frank Richard, born in 1903, became pupils at Oundle School, of which Sanderson was headmaster from 1892 to 1922.
 After Sanderson died while giving a lecture at University College London at which he was introduced by Wells, the famous author agreed to help produce a biography to raise money for the school.
 But in December 1922, after disagreements emerged with Sanderson's widow about his approach to the subject, Wells withdrew from the official biography (published in 1923 as "Sanderson of Oundle"; Wells wrote much of the text but the volume was published without listing an author) and published his own work separately.
Frank Girardot (born 1961, Detroit, Michigan) is an American author, journalist, victim advocate, and radio host.
 He is best known for "Name Dropper" his biography of serial imposter Christian Gerhartsreiter.
 He is CEO of Pegasus Communications, LLC and the former editor and columnist of the San Gabriel Valley News Group.
David Levering Lewis (born May 25, 1936) is an American Historian; he is the Julius Silver University Professor, and the Professor of History at New York University.
 He is twice winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography, for part one and part two of his biography of W. E. B. Du Bois (in 1994 and 2001, respectively).
 He is the first author to win Pulitzer Prizes for biography for two successive volumes on the same subject.
Ned Myers (born 1793) was an American sailor.
 Born in Quebec as a British subject, Myers grew up in Halifax after being abandoned by his father.
 He moved to New York City at the age of eleven, cherishing the dream of becoming a sailor.
 Two years later, while serving aboard the merchant ship "Sterling", Myers would meet James Fenimore Cooper, who would later write a biography of him titled "Ned Myers, or, a Life Before the Mast" (1843).
 Myers rejected his status as a British subject and became an American citizen, something that would cause him trouble when he was captured by a Royal Navy warship in the summer of 1812.
 He was a survivor of the sinking of the USS "Scourge".
 However, Myers would live through the War of 1812, meeting with Cooper in 1843 for the authoring of his biography.
Jon M. Sweeney (born July 18, 1967) is an author of popular history, spirituality, biography, poetry, and memoir.
 He has written more than two dozen books but his special subject is St. Francis of Assisi, about whom he has written "When Saint Francis Saved the Church", "The Complete Francis of Assisi", and "The Enthusiast", a biography that Richard Rohr calls "An immense and important contribution to our understanding of the great saint."
 HBO has optioned the film rights to "The Pope Who Quit", Sweeney’s historical retelling of the 13th century Pope Celestine V, who was the first pope to ever willingly resign the position.
 Sweeney has been interviewed on CBS News, WGN-TV, Fox News, and WTTW's Chicago Tonight.
 He appeared on CBS Sunday Morning to talk about St. Patrick on March 17, 2013.
 He is an independent scholar who lectures frequently and leads retreats.
Annalyn Swan (born ca. 1951 in Biloxi, Mississippi) is an American writer and biographer who has written extensively about the arts.
 With her husband, art critic Mark Stevens she is the author of "" (2004), a biography of Dutch-American artist Willem de Kooning, which was awarded the 2005 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography.
 De Kooning also won the National Book Critics Circle prize for biography and the Los Angeles Times biography award, and was named one of the 10 best books of 2005 by the New York Times.
 In her review in the New York Times, Janet Maslin wrote: "The elusiveness of its subject makes the achievements of de Kooning: An American Master that much more dazzling."
Judy Garland has been the subject of many biographies.
 Since her death in 1969, she has been the subject of over two dozen books.
 The first of these was Brad Steiger's "Judy Garland", published shortly after her death, which includes information on Garland's astrological chart, analysis of her handwriting, numerology and biorhythms. Most of the books are entirely about Garland, but some, including Patricia Fox-Sheinwold's "Too Young to Die", "Some Are Born Great" by Adela Rogers St. Johns and Jane Ellen Wayne's "The Golden Girls of MGM", merely feature a chapter about her.
 Two volumes, "Rainbow's End: The Judy Garland Show" by Coyne Steven Sanders and Mel Tormé's "The Other Side of the Rainbow: On the Dawn Patrol With Judy Garland", focus on Garland's television series, "The Judy Garland Show".
 Garland's last husband, Mickey Deans, co-authored an early biography in 1972 and Garland's daughter Lorna Luft wrote a family memoir in 1988.
Yumika Hayashi (Japanese: 林由美香 , Hepburn: Hayashi Yumika , June 27, 1970 – June 28, 2005) was a Japanese AV idol and "pink film" actress.
 She earned the title of "Japan's Original Adult Video Queen" during a 16-year career in which she starred in nearly 200 AVs and appeared in over 180 films.
 Hayashi was also a prominent "pink film" actress; she was the subject of a 1997 documentary and the recipient of the Best Actress award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony in 2004 as well as receiving the Special Career Award the following year.
 Her death on June 28, 2005, one day after her 35th birthday, ended one of the longest careers in the AV field and made front-page news in Tokyo.
 Following her death, Hayashi was awarded a second Special Career Award at the 2006 Pink Grand Prix ceremony and became the subject of several theatrical retrospectives and a 382-page biography.
