Beneath is a straight-to-DVD thriller-horror film co-produced in a first time partnership between Paramount Classics (a Viacom subsidiary) and MTV Films (although both co-purchased the rights to "Hustle & Flow" in 2005).
 The film is directed by the newcomer Dagen Merrill, who co-wrote the script with Kevin Burke, and the list of producers include Sean Covel and Chris Wyatt ("Napoleon Dynamite", "Think Tank"), as well as Troy Craig Poon.
 In Paramount Classics's first horror movie, which marks the company's expansion from acquisitions into the production arena, the cast includes Nora Zehetner ("Brick", "May", "R.S.V.P.", "Everwood") and Matthew Settle ("U-571", "Band of Brothers").
 Shooting started 2005 in Vancouver, the film was released on DVD August 7, 2007.
 It was the first direct-to-video title produced by MTV Films.
MTV Films is the motion picture production arm of the American cable television channel MTV.
 Founded in 1996, it has produced films based on MTV programs such as "Beavis and Butt-head Do America" and "", as well as other adaptations and original projects.
 Its films are released by fellow Viacom division Paramount Pictures.
 On August 21, 2006, Nickelodeon Movies and MTV Films became full labels of the Paramount Motion Pictures Group.
 It currently has 40 films with four direct-to-video titles.
Shine a Light is a 2008 American biography drama film directed by Martin Scorsese documenting The Rolling Stones' 2006 Beacon Theatre performances on their A Bigger Bang Tour.
 The film also includes archive footage from the band's career and marked the first utilisation by Scorsese of digital cinematography for his films, with it being used for the backstage sequences.
 The film takes its title from the song of the same name, featured on the band's 1972 album "Exile on Main St." A soundtrack album was released in April 2008 on the Universal label.
 This is also the last movie by Paramount Classics, as the company merged into its sister company Paramount Vantage after the movie was released.
Zack Norman (born Howard Jerrold Zuker, May 27, 1940) is an American actor, producer, writer, comedian, musician, film financier, painter, art collector and real estate developer.
 Born in Boston and raised in nearby Revere, Massachusetts, he is best known for his role as Ira in 20th Century Fox's "Romancing the Stone" (1984) and as Kaz Naiman in Paramount Classics' "Festival in Cannes" (2002).
 He has also co-starred in films such as "Ragtime" (1981) and "Cadillac Man" (1990).
 On television, he has guest-starred in such popular series as "The A-Team" (1985) and "Baywatch" (1993), had a recurring role on "The Nanny" (1993–1995) and was featured in several TV movies including "At Home with the Webbers" (1993).
 As Howard Zuker, he has produced, presented and/or financed more than forty motion pictures, including "Hearts and Minds" (1974), which won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Paramount Famous Productions is a made-for-home entertainment division of Paramount Pictures.
 It develops home entertainment sequels to films from Paramount Pictures, Paramount Vantage, MTV Films, DreamWorks Pictures (pre-2005 library), Nickelodeon Movies, and other Paramount-related properties.
 The name also revives the "Famous" moniker previously used by the Paramount-owned Famous Studios.
Asylum is a 2005 Anglo-Irish drama film directed by David Mackenzie and made by Mace Neufeld Productions, Samson Films, Seven Arts Productions, Zephyr Films Ltd and released by Paramount Classics.
 It is based on the novel "Asylum" by Patrick McGrath and was adapted for the screen by Patrick Marber and Chrysanthy Balis.
Benjamin Maurice Silverstone (born 9 April 1979) is an English barrister and former actor.
 Silverstone's most notable role is that of Steven Carter in the 1998 Paramount Classics feature film, "Get Real".
What's Wrong with Angry?
 is a stage play written in 1992 by Patrick Wilde about a gay love story between two British schoolboys.
 The play was the basis for the 1998 Paramount Classics feature film "Get Real".
Jackass: The Movie is a 2002 American reality comedy film directed by Jeff Tremaine with the tagline "Do not attempt this at home."
 It is a continuation of the stunts and pranks by the various characters of the MTV television series "Jackass", which had completed its unique series run by this time.
 The film was produced by MTV Films and Dickhouse Productions and released by Paramount Pictures.
Paramount Vantage (originally known as Paramount Classics) was the specialty film division of Paramount Pictures (which, in turn, has Viacom as its parent company), charged with producing, purchasing, distributing and marketing films, generally those with a more "art house" feel than films made and distributed by its parent company.
