Progres 2 is an art rock band from Brno, Czech Republic.
 It was established in 1968, known as Progress Organization, by Zdeněk Kluka, Pavel Váně, Jan Sochor and Emanuel Sideridis.
 Its most important album in a Czech context was the rock opera project "Dialog s vesmírem" (Dialog with The Universe) in 1978, only a year after the transformation of the band called "Bardonaj" to the new band Progres 2.
 The public presentation of this rock opera was the first audiovisual program of rock music in Czechoslovakia, inspired by the British rock group Pink Floyd.
 Because this rock band played in the totalitarian state, they had a few troubles with officials.
 The best known problem was the one with lyrics of one song from the album "Dialog s vesmírem".
 The song was called "Planeta Hieronyma Bosche" (The Planet of Hieronymus Bosch) where the band sings about life on heroin.
 Censors forbade this song and the band solved it by using only the vowels from the original lyrics.
 At concerts they played the whole original lyrics.
The Cult are a British rock band formed in 1983.
 Before settling on their current name in January 1984, the band performed under the name Death Cult, which was an evolution of the name of lead singer Ian Astbury's previous band Southern Death Cult.
 They gained a dedicated following in the UK in the mid-1980s as a post-punk/gothic rock band, with singles such as "She Sells Sanctuary", before breaking mainstream in the United States in the late 1980s as a hard rock band with singles such as "Love Removal Machine" and "Fire Woman".
 According to music critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine, the band fuse a "heavy metal revivalist" sound with the "pseudo-mysticism ... of The Doors [and] the guitar-orchestrations of Led Zeppelin ... while adding touches of post-punk goth rock".
 Since the initial formation of Southern Death Cult in Bradford in 1981, the band have had various line-ups; the longest-serving members are Astbury and guitarist Billy Duffy, the band's two songwriters.
Aaron Buchanan & The Cult Classics are a British rock band formed in 2016 by former Heaven's Basement vocalist of international acclaim (and Red Bull Records alumnus), Aaron Buchanan.
 Band members include Aaron Buchanan (vocals), Laurie Buchanan (guitar and vocals), Tom McCarthy (guitar), Chris Guyatt (bass) and Paul White (drums) (formally of industrial metal band The Defiled).
 The band cite 1990s grunge rock influences and came together for first rehearsals in June 2016 initially with Kev Hickman formally of RavenEye on drums, this was followed up with a full UK tour alongside InMe starting on 17 October 2016 through to 23 October in support of "The Man With Stars On His Knees" album.
Roadstar was a British rock band formed in 2002.
 The group originally went under the name Hurricane Party and disbanded in April 2007.
 A year later several of the members, together with Sid Glover, formed Heaven's Basement.
 In 2016, former band member Richie Hevanz became frontman of Fragile Things, following a short stint in a band called Endless Mile.
Fort Hope are a British rock band formed in 2013 after the disbandment of electronic rock band My Passion in 2012.
 The band has released three EPs and released their debut mini-album in May, which peaked at 8 on the UK top Rock and Metal albums.
Daniel Campbell "Dan" Smith (born 14 July 1986) is a British singer-songwriter and record producer.
 He is the lead singer, primary songwriter.
 and founder of the British rock band Bastille.
 The band formed in 2010 and gained mass popularity in 2013 when the song "Pompeii" was released.
 The band released their second album, "Wild World" in September 2016.
.
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London (UCL).
 After they formed under the name Pectoralz, Guy Berryman joined the group as bassist and they changed their name to Starfish.
 Will Champion joined as drummer and backing vocalist, completing the lineup.
 Creative director Phil Harvey is often referred to as the fifth member by the band.
 The band renamed themselves "Coldplay" in 1998, before recording and releasing three EPs: "Safety" in 1998 and "Brothers & Sisters" and "The Blue Room" in 1999.
 "The Blue Room" was their first release on a major label, after signing to Parlophone.
The Cannibals are a British rock band formed in 1976 by Mike Spenser, formerly of The Count Bishops, after his new band, the Flying Tigers, had split up.
 They have released seven full-length albums, numerous singles, EP's, split LP's, and appeared on several compilations.
 The band perform Trash rock and garage punk.
Paul Newton (born 21 February 1948, Andover, Hampshire) is a British rock musician.
 He was bassist with progressive group "Shinn" which featured organist Don Shinn and drummer Brian "Blinky" Davison and then joined a reformed line-up of "The Gods" with Ken Hensley and Lee Kerslake.
 He was the original bass guitarist for Uriah Heep, and played on the band's first three albums.
 He subsequently played for a band called "Festival" for several years on the Mecca Palais circuit and also worked as a studio musician and appeared on various recordings.
 More recently he has performed with other ex-members of Uriah Heep (Ken Hensley, John Lawton & Lee Kerslake) in "Uriah Heep Legends" and continues to do this.Has recently appeared with "Behind Closed Doors, a band formed by son, Julian and was also a member of Ledbury rock band "The Rocking Aces" until they disbanded in December 2013.
 Currently working with singer/guiarist Chris Rainbow and with "The Business" plus session work for various bands/artistes.
 Newton/Rainbow Project CD "Licence to Rock" is now available through cdbaby.com.
Girlschool are a British rock band that formed in the new wave of British heavy metal scene in 1978 and frequently associated with contemporaries Motörhead.
 They are the longest running all-female rock band, still active after more than 35 years.
 Formed from a school band called Painted Lady, Girlschool enjoyed strong media exposure and commercial success in the UK in the early 1980s with three albums of 'punk-tinged metal' and a few singles, but lost their momentum in the following years.
