Make Mine Music was an Australian television series, which aired in 1962, from 28 May and ended circa 21 December.
 It was produced and broadcast on Melbourne station HSV-7, but was also shown on Sydney station ATN-7 (the following year the two stations formed the "Australian Television Network", later known as Seven Network).
 The show was a daytime sing-along music program, which also featured a musical quiz and solos.
 The program aired live.
 It was compered by Ron Cadee, with others on the show including Jocelyn Terry, Graeme Bent, and John D'Arcy.
 The series aired five days a week.
Make Mine Music is a 1946 American animated anthology film produced by Walt Disney and released to theatres on April 20, 1946.
 It is the 8th Disney animated feature film.
The Night We Dropped a Clanger is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Darcy Conyers and starring Brian Rix, Cecil Parker, William Hartnell and Leslie Phillips; Andrew Sachs made his screen debut.
 A British secret agent is sent on a secret operation in occupied France during the Second World War but a diversionary tactic turns into a farcical tale of mistaken identity.
 It was released as Make Mine a Double in the United States.
Tony Charmoli (born June 11, 1922) is an American dancer, choreographer, and director.
 He began dancing on Broadway in such shows as "Make Mine Manhattan" but soon began choreographing for television with "Stop the Music" in 1949.
 Charmoli then choreographed dance sequences for the popular "Your Hit Parade", winning his first Emmy Award in 1955.
 He went on to direct and choreograph for some of the biggest stars including Dinah Shore, Lily Tomlin, Danny Kaye, Julie Andrews, Cyd Charisse, Shirley MacLaine, Mitzi Gaynor, and others.
 On Broadway, Tony choreographed "Ankles Aweigh" (1955) and "Woman of the Year" (1981) with Lauren Bacall.
Melody Time (working title All in Fun) is a 1948 American live-action animated film and the 10th theatrically released animated feature produced by Walt Disney.
 It was released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures on May 27, 1948.
 Made up of several sequences set to popular music and folk music, the film is, like "Make Mine Music" before it, the popular music version of "Fantasia" (an ambitious film that proved to be a commercial disappointment upon its original theatrical release).
 "Melody Time", while not meeting the artistic accomplishments of "Fantasia", was mildly successful.
 It is the fifth Disney package film following "Saludos Amigos", "The Three Caballeros", "Make Mine Music", and "Fun and Fancy Free".
Old Dogs was an American country music supergroup composed of singers Waylon Jennings, Mel Tillis, Bobby Bare, and Jerry Reed.
 Signed in 1998 to Atlantic Records, Old Dogs recorded a self-titled studio album for the label that year.
 The album's content was written primarily by author, poet, and songwriter Shel Silverstein.
 Most of the group's songs were based on the realization of aging, after Bare told Silverstein that there were "no good songs about growing old."
 The album was recorded live in studio, so audience applause can be heard between the tracks.
 The two discs come in different cases, and has different album art for them.
 The album was also issued as a single disc.
 "Still Gonna Die" was released as a single from the project.
"(Old Dogs, Children And) Watermelon Wine" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall.
 It was released in November 1972 as the second and final single from the album, "The Storyteller".
 The song was Hall's third number one on the U.S. country singles chart. "
(Old Dogs, Children And) Watermelon Wine" spent one week at the top and a total of thirteen weeks on the chart.
 On June 1, 2014, "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked "(Old Dogs, Children and) Watermelon Wine" #93 in their list of the 100 greatest country songs.
Andrew "Andy" Alfons Engman (November 21, 1911 – July 16, 2004) was a Swedish/Finnish cartoon animator.
 Engman worked for Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California from the animating of "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937 film) to the completion of "The Jungle Book" (1967 film), about 1937 to 1971.
 He started out as an "In-Betweener" animator.
 He did some Donald Duck and Goofy cartoons as a character animator, and went on to being a special effects animator.
 Later he went into production in a middle management position.
 He also worked on the effect animations of "Make Mine Music" (1946) and the layout of "Der Fuehrer's Face" (1943).
epic45 are a British indie/post-rock band.
 Core members Rob Glover and Benjamin Holton, who grew up in Wheaton Aston, Staffordshire, formed the band in 1995 when the two school friends were only 13 years old.
 The band have released albums across various labels including Where Are My Records, Make Mine Music and their own Wayside and Woodland Recordings label.
Peter and the Wolf is an 1946 animated short based on the 1936 musical composition/fairy tale by Sergei Prokofiev, produced by Walt Disney and narrated by Sterling Holloway.
 It was originally released theatrically as a segment in "Make Mine Music".
 It was re-issued the following year accompanying a re-issue of "Fantasia" (as a short subject before the film), then released separately on home video in the 1990s.
