The Devil's Carnival is a 2012 musical horror film directed by Darren Lynn Bousman and starring Sean Patrick Flanery, Briana Evigan, Jessica Lowndes, Paul Sorvino, Emilie Autumn and Terrance Zdunich.
 The film marks the second collaboration of Bousman and writer/actor Terrance Zdunich, their previous work being on the unrelated musical film "Repo!
 The Genetic Opera".
 The film also brings back several of the cast members of "Repo!"
, such as Sorvino, Alexa Vega, Bill Moseley and Nivek Ogre.
 "The Devil's Carnival" has Aesop's Fables at the core of its story, with the main characters each representing a fable.
 Flanery's character John represents "Grief and His Due", Evigan's character Merrywood represents "The Dog and Its Reflection", and Lowndes' character Tamara represents "The Scorpion and the Frog".
The Process is the eighth studio album by industrial band Skinny Puppy.
 Many factors complicated the recording of "The Process".
 The album's producer changed multiple times, from Roli Mosimann to Martin Atkins to Dave Ogilvie.
 According to cEvin Key, their label, American Recordings, had pressured the band into adopting a more commercial sound or more Industrial metal sound similar to Nine Inch Nails.
 Following tensions between band members, Nivek Ogre left the band on June 12, 1995.
 American Recordings decided to drop Skinny Puppy after the release of "The Process".
 The band's keyboardist, Dwayne Goettel, died of a heroin overdose shortly thereafter on August 23, 1995.
 Following Dwayne's death, cEvin and Dave completed mixing of "The Process".
ohGr is a industrial band formed by Nivek Ogre and Mark Walk of Skinny Puppy.
 Early ohGr releases incorporated hip hop and synthpop influences, and in contrast to Skinny Puppy, utilized conventional structures and a lighter tone.
 Ogre noted that this direction was inspired by the pop bands he enjoyed as a child, such as The Archies.
 However, from "Devils in my Details" onwards, ohGr has taken to a more abrasive, non-linear flavour of electro-industrial.
℞ or Rx was a one-off side project by Skinny Puppy band member Nivek Ogre, in collaboration with Invisible Records founder Martin Atkins.
 The project was originally called Ritalin, but the name was changed for legal reasons.
Nivek Ogre (born Kevin Graham Ogilvie December 5, 1962) is a Canadian musician, performance artist and actor best known as a founding member of the industrial music group Skinny Puppy.
 Since that band featured another Kevin (Crompton, a.k.a. cEvin Key) and was produced by another Ogilvie (Dave, a.k.a. Rave), Ogre's alias was practical as well as theatrical.
 Since 1982, he has served as Skinny Puppy's primary lyricist and vocalist, occasionally providing instrumentation and samples.
 Ogre's guttural singing style and use of costumes, props, and fake blood on stage helped to bring Skinny Puppy extensive publicity and has inspired numerous other musicians.
The Process is an art and philosophy collective formed in the early 1990s.
 The idea was initially birthed at the same time as, and with a subset of the same people from, the studio work for the Skinny Puppy album "The Process", though the direct interrelation ends there.
 Some of the early contributors included Nivek Ogre, Genesis P-Orridge, William Morrison, and Loki der Quaeler.
 Members are known as Processians or Processors
Repo!
 The Genetic Opera is a 2008 American musical horror film directed by Darren Lynn Bousman.
 Based on the 2002 musical of the same name, which was written and composed by Darren Smith and Terrance Zdunich, the film stars Alexa Vega, Paul Sorvino, Anthony Stewart Head, Sarah Brightman, Paris Hilton, Bill Moseley, Nivek Ogre, and Terrance Zdunich.
Skinny Puppy is a Canadian industrial music group formed in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1982.
 The group is widely considered to be one of the founders of the electro-industrial genre.
 Initially envisioned as an experimental side project by cEvin Key (Kevin Crompton) while he was in the new wave band Images in Vogue, Skinny Puppy evolved into a full-time project with the addition of vocalist Nivek Ogre (Kevin Ogilvie).
 Over the course of a dozen studio albums and many live tours, Key and Ogre have been the only constant members.
 Other members have included Dwayne Goettel (1986–1995), Dave "Rave" Ogilvie (long-time associate, producer, and "unofficial" fourth member until 1995), Mark Walk (2003–present), and a number of guests, including Bill Leeb (1985–1986, under the pseudonym Wilhelm Schroeder), Al Jourgensen (1989), and many others.
This is a list of side projects of the prominent industrial band Skinny Puppy, who have released twelve albums and toured extensively since 1982.
 This list includes other projects begun by cEvin Key and Nivek Ogre—the only constant members of Skinny Puppy—since its inception.
 Other members have included Dwayne Goettel, Mark Walk, Dave "Rave" Ogilvie, and many other guests/session musicians; this list does not include other projects of those musicians.
W.E.L.T. was a briefly extant side-project between members of industrial bands Skinny Puppy (Nivek Ogre) and Ministry (Al Jourgensen and Michael Balch).
 The project was active for a short while in 1989.
