South Brighton railway station is a former railway station on the Seaford line in Adelaide, South Australia.
 It was located about 15.8 kilometres from Adelaide station.
 The station closed in 1976, and was demolished shortly after, A newer station was built 200 metres to the south of that station in the same year.
 The old subway that went below the old station was in use until the early 1990s, but has now been filled in and replaced with a ground level passenger walkway.
 Adjacent to the old station is a disused delicatessan (now residential) building that served the station's passengers, and then the local population until the early 1990s.
The G399/400 Beijing-Changchun Through Train (Chinese:G399/400次北京南到长春高速动车组列车) is Chinese railway running between the capital Beijing to Changchun, capital of Jilin express passenger trains by the Shenyang Railway Bureau, Changchun passenger segment responsible for passenger transport task, Changchun originating on the Beijing train.
 CRH380B Type Passenger trains running along the Beijing–Shanghai High-Speed Railway, Tianjin–Qinhuangdao High-Speed Railway, Qinhuangdao–Shenyang High-Speed Railway and Harbin–Dalian High-Speed Railway across Jilin, Liaoning, Hebei, Tianjin, Beijing and other provinces and cities, the entire 1103 km.
 Beijing South Railway Station to Changchun Railway Station running 6 hours and 21 minutes, use trips for G399; Changchun Railway Station to Beijing South Railway Station to run 6 hours and 17 minutes, use trips for G400.
The G393/394 Beijing-Harbin Through Train (Chinese:G393/394次北京南到哈尔滨西高速动车组列车) is Chinese railway running between the capital Beijing to Harbin, capital of Heilongjiang express passenger trains by the Harbin Railway Bureau, Harbin passenger segment responsible for passenger transport task, Harbin originating on the Beijing train.
 CRH380B Type Passenger trains running along the Beijing–Shanghai High-Speed Railway, Tianjin–Qinhuangdao High-Speed Railway, Qinhuangdao–Shenyang High-Speed Railway and Harbin–Dalian High-Speed Railway across Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Hebei, Tianjin, Beijing and other provinces and cities, the entire 1335 km.
 Beijing South Railway Station to Harbin West Railway Station running 7 hours and 7 minutes, use trips for G393; Harbin West Railway Station to Beijing South Railway Station to run 7 hours and 36 minutes, use trips for G394.
Heysen is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia.
 It is named after Sir Hans Heysen, a prominent South Australian landscape artist.
 It is a 1,102 km² electoral district that takes in some of the outer southern suburbs of Adelaide before fanning south-east to include most of the Adelaide Hills, as well as farming areas some distance from the capital.
 It includes the areas of Aldgate, Bridgewater, Echunga, Hahndorf, Macclesfield, Meadows, Stirling and Strathalbyn, as well as part of Mount Barker.
 Although geographically it is a hybrid urban-rural seat, it is counted as a metropolitan seat.
Aldgate railway station was located on the Adelaide-Wolseley line in the Adelaide Hills suburb of Aldgate, 34.9 kilometres from Adelaide station.
 It opened on 14 March 1883.
 On 23 December 1886, a second platform was added.
The G381/382 Beijing-Harbin Through Train (Chinese:G381/382次北京南到哈尔滨西高速动车组列车) is Chinese railway running between the capital Beijing to Harbin, capital of Heilongjiang express passenger trains by the Beijing Railway Bureau, Harbin passenger segment responsible for passenger transport task, Harbin originating on the Beijing train.
 CRH380B Type Passenger trains running along the Beijing–Shanghai High-Speed Railway, Tianjin–Qinhuangdao High-Speed Railway, Qinhuangdao–Shenyang High-Speed Railway and Harbin–Dalian High-Speed Railway across Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Hebei, Tianjin, Beijing and other provinces and cities, the entire 1335 km.
 Beijing South Railway Station to Harbin West Railway Station running 7 hours and 8 minutes, use trips for G381; Harbin West Railway Station to Beijing South Railway Station to run 7 hours and 6 minutes, use trips for G382.
Madurta railway station was located on the Adelaide-Wolseley line serving the Adelaide Hills suburb of Aldgate to the east of the Cricklewood Road level crossing.
Piccadilly Valley wine sub-region is a wine sub-region in South Australia located between the town of Summertown in the north and the towns of Stirling and Aldgate to its south in the Mount Lofty Ranges to the east of the Adelaide city centre.
 The sub-region received appellation as an Australian Geographical Indication (AGI) on 14 April 2000.
 The sub-region is part of the Adelaide Hills wine region and the Mount Lofty Ranges zone.
Stirling is a town in the Adelaide Hills, South Australia, approximately 16 km from the Adelaide city centre.
 The area in the east of Stirling Stirling East.
 It is administered by the Adelaide Hills Council.
 Its population is about 2500, though the town has largely merged with neighbouring townships such as Crafers and Aldgate.
 Other nearby towns are Heathfield and Bridgewater.
 Of those five, Stirling has by far the largest commercial strip, with the greatest number and widest variety of shops, the only police station, the only banks and the only ATMs.
Jibilla railway station was located on the Adelaide-Wolseley line serving the Adelaide Hills suburb of Aldgate immediately east of the Yatina Road level crossing.
