Czech Canadians are Canadian citizens of Czech ancestry or Czech Republic-born people who reside in Canada.
 It also includes people descended from, the territory of the historic Czech lands, constituting the Kingdom of Bohemia (consisting of Bohemia, Moravia and Silesia), or succession states, now known as the Czech Republic the domicile country of the Czechs.
 In the 19th century, they were frequently called Bohemians.
 According to the 2006 Canadian census, there were 98,090 Canadians of full or partial Czech descent.
Czech Americans (), known in the 19th and early 20th century as Bohemian Americans, are citizens of the United States who are of Czech descent.
 Czechs originate from the Czech lands, a term which refers to the majority of the traditional lands of the Bohemian Crown, namely Bohemia, Moravia and Czech Silesia.
 These lands over time have been governed by a variety of states, including the Kingdom of Bohemia, the Austrian Empire, the Czechoslovak Republic, and the Czech Republic.
 Germans from the Czech lands who emigrated to the United States usually identified as German American, or, more specifically, as Americans of German Bohemian descent.
 According to the 2000 US census, there are 1,262,527 Americans of full or partial Czech descent, in addition to 441,403 persons who list their ancestry as Czechoslovak.
The Vyšehrad Codex (Latin "Codex Vyssegradensis"), also known as the "Coronation Gospels of King Vratislaus", is a late 11th-century illuminated Romanesque Gospel Book, which is considered the most important and most valuable manuscript kept in Bohemia (Czech Republic).
 Its extremely rich iconography and its visual components rank it among the most precious illuminated manuscripts of the second half of the 11th century in Europe.
 It was probably made at the order of Czech diplomats to honour an anniversary of the Czech King Vratislav's coronation which took place in 1085 (Vratislav was the first king of Bohemia, which was previously a dukedom).
 The codex is of Danubian provenance, and closely related to three other surviving manuscripts – two of them now in Poland and one in the Prague Chapter Library.
 They probably originated in the circle of the scriptorium at the Monastery of St. Emmeram in Regensburg.
 The manuscript is now located in the Czech National Library, Prague under the signature XIV A 13.
 In 2005 it was declared as a National cultural monument of the Czech Republic.
The Cistercian Abbey of Zbraslav (Latin: "Aula Regia" , Czech: "Zbraslavský klášter" ) located in Zbraslav near Prague (today part of Prague) was one of the most significant monasteries of the Cistercian Order in the Kingdom of Bohemia (present-day Czech Republic).
 Founded by King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia in 1292 it became the royal necropolis of the last members of the Přemyslid dynasty.
 The abbey was abolished by the Bohemian King and Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II in 1789.
 The best-known abbot of this monastery was Peter of Zittau († 1339) who wrote the "Zbraslav Chronicle" (Latin: "Chronicon Aulae Regiae" ), the most important historical source for the history of Bohemia in the first half of the 14th century.
 The Zbraslav abbey is also known for the Madonna of Zbraslav, an outstanding Gothic painting from the 1340s.
The polka is originally a Czech dance and genre of dance music familiar throughout Europe and the Americas.
 It originated in the middle of the 19th century in Bohemia, now part of the Czech Republic.
 Polka remains a popular folk music genre in many European countries, and is performed by folk artists in the Czech Republic, Germany, Austria, Poland, Croatia, Slovenia, Switzerland, and to a lesser extent in Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Hungary, Italy, Ukraine, Romania, Belarus, Russia, and Slovakia.
 Local varieties of this dance are also found in the Nordic countries, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Latin America and the United States.
A Bohemian ( ) is a resident of Bohemia, a region of the Czech Republic or the former Kingdom of Bohemia, a region of the former Crown of Bohemia (lands of the Bohemian Crown).
 In English, the word "Bohemian" was used to denote the Czech people as well as the Czech language before the word "Czech" became prevalent in the early 20th century.
This is a list of Bohemian monarchs or a list of Czech monarchs who ruled the Czech lands (known in English as Bohemia before the early 20th century) from the establishment of the Duchy of Bohemia in 870 (from 1004 to 1806 a part of Holy Roman Empire), as Kingdom of Bohemia from 1212, and in 1620-1918 as a part of Austria-Hungary.
 Following the dissolution of the monarchy, the Czech lands became part of Czechoslovakia, and form today's Czech Republic since 1993.
Czech Renaissance architecture refers to the architectural period of the early modern era in Bohemia, Moravia and Czech Silesia, which then comprised the Crown of Bohemia and today constitute the Czech Republic.
 The Renaissance style flourished in the Czech lands from the late 15th century to the first half of the 17th century.
Prague Castle (Czech: "Pražský hrad" ; ] ) is a castle complex in Prague, Czech Republic, dating from the 9th century.
 It is the official residence of the President of the Czech Republic.
 The castle was a seat of power for kings of Bohemia, Holy Roman emperors, and presidents of Czechoslovakia.
 The Bohemian Crown Jewels are kept within a hidden room inside it.
The geography of the Czech Republic is quite varied.
 Bohemia, at the west part of Czech Republic, consists of a river basin, drained by the Elbe (Czech: "Labe") and Vltava rivers.
 It is surrounded by mostly low mountains such as the Sudetes with its part Krkonoše, containing the highest point in the country, the Sněžka at 1602 m .
 Moravia, the eastern part, is also quite hilly and is drained predominantly by the Morava river, but also contains the source of the Oder (Czech: "Odra") river.
 Water from the landlocked Czech Republic flows to three different seas: the North Sea, Baltic Sea and Black Sea.
 The Czech Republic also possesses Moldauhafen, a 30,000 m2 enclave in the middle of Hamburg docks, which was awarded to Czechoslovakia by Article 363 of the Treaty of Versailles to allow the landlocked country a place where goods transported downriver could be transferred to seagoing ships; this territory reverts to Germany in 2028.
