Lara Croft: Tomb Raider (also known as simply Tomb Raider) is a 2001 action-adventure film based on the popular "Tomb Raider" video game series featuring the character Lara Croft portrayed by Angelina Jolie.
 An international co-production between the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, and Germany, it was directed by Simon West and revolves around Lara Croft trying to obtain ancient artifacts from the enemy, the Illuminati.
Music Instructor is a German electro-dance music project.
 The producers and songwriters of Music Instructor are Mike Michaels, Mark "MM" Dollar, and Mark Tabak, also known as Triple-M Crew.
 Triple-M has also produced other artists and bands such as Brainbug, Flying Steps, Mystica, Highland, The Boyz, Overground, Before Four, US5 and Ayman.
 Music Instructor often worked with many other artists, especially a group Lunatics and a breakdance crew Flying Steps, and was most active in the late 1990s and early 2000s.
Naval Consolidated Brig, Miramar (NAVCONBRIG) is a military prison operated by the U.S. Navy at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar in Miramar, San Diego, California, just under 10 mi north of downtown San Diego.
 It is one of three Navy consolidated brigs and is the Pacific area regional confinement facility for the United States Department of Defense.
 It is also known as the Joint Regional Correctional Facility Southwest.
 The 208000 sqft facility has a capacity of up to 400 male and/or female prisoners and is staffed with 31 civilian and 173 military personnel.
Robert Croft is a free-diver who, in 1967, became the first person to free-dive beyond the depth of 200 feet.
 Croft was a US Navy diving instructor in 1962 at the US Naval Submarine Base New London submarine school in Groton, Connecticut.
 At the submarine escape training tank, instructors train prospective submariners how to escape from a disabled submarine, which could be resting on the sea bottom.
The Interagency Training Center (ITC), also known as the Fort Washington Facility, is a National Security Agency (NSA) Central Security Service (CSS) school and training facility for technical surveillance counter-measures (TSCM) located in Fort Washington, Maryland.
 The U.S. government requires that all TSCM technicians be certified at the ITC.
 The facility previously housed the Department of Defense's Office of Special Technology, which managed technology development and acquisition programs such as the Technical Support Working Group.
 The site is administered by the U.S. Navy.
Royal Air Force Croft or RAF Croft is a former Royal Air Force station located 4.6 mi south of Darlington, County Durham, England and 8 mi north east of Richmond, North Yorkshire.
 The site is also known locally as Croft Aerodrome or Neasham.
John Ellis Roosevelt Estate, also known as Meadow Croft, is a historic estate located at Sayville in Suffolk County, New York.
 The main house, roughly L-shaped, is composed of two distinct parts: the original farmhouse, built about 1850, and now the rear of the house; and the larger, more formal Colonial Revival mansion built 1891-1892 and set perpendicular to it.
 The original section is a two-story, rectangular farmhouse, sheathed in clapboard and surmounted by a gable roof.
 The 1891–92 section is a clapboarded, two-story structure with an elaborate facade with generous porch and surmounted by a steeply pitched, truncated hipped roof.
 Also on the property are contributing carriage house, equipment barn, garage, caretaker's cottage, swimming pool, storage hut, and archaeological sites.
 The property was purchased by Robert Barnwell Roosevelt (1829–1906) in 1873; his son John Ellis Roosevelt (1853–1939) commissioned the estate.
Tomb Raider, also known as Lara Croft: Tomb Raider between 2001 and 2007, is a media franchise that originated with an action-adventure video game series created by British gaming company Core Design.
 Formerly owned by Eidos Interactive, then by Square Enix after their acquisition of Eidos in 2009, the franchise focuses on a fictional English archaeologist Lara Croft, who travels around the world searching for lost artifacts and infiltrating dangerous tombs and ruins.
 The gameplay generally focuses around action-adventure exploration of environments, solving puzzles, navigating hostile environments filled with traps, and fighting numerous enemies.
 Additional media has grown up around the theme in the form of film adaptations, comics and novels.
Bibhu Prasad Tripathy is an Advocate, Solicitor and Writer.
 He has over one and a half-decade of experience as a law practitioner.
 He has practiced in the Supreme Court of India, Delhi High Court, Odisha High Court, National Consumer Forum, Environment Appellate Authority, etc.
 After his LL.B from University of Delhi, he did Master of Laws from the National Law School of India University, Bangalore with specialization in Business law and Constitutional law.
 Tripathy has fought many important cases for the protection of sex workers, rights of street vendors, slum dweller and factory workers.
 Besides creating a name for himself as a lawyer, Tripathy is also known for several books written by him.
 His books Legal Compendium for investigating officer of Women and Children Desk published by Women and Child Department, Government of Orissa, Urban Police Act published by Legal Associates, Cuttack, Cases and Materials Concerning Coastal Zone, published by the National Law School of India University, Bangalore are widely read.
 He has also worked as an instructor for Master in Business law in Environmental law in National Law School of India University, Bangalore and Instructor for Law, Medicine and Professional Ethics course in the Medicinal and Para Medical colleges of Karnataka.
 Tripathy has always been actively involved in various co-curricular activities and was the co-organiser of advanced course in Constitutional Litigation along with the Judges of Supreme Court, High Courts and eminent Advocates of the country.
 Tripathy is also the standing counsel for the School and Mass Education Department, Government of Odisha.
Jack Baer (October 29, 1914 – March 9, 2002) Son of Herman and Anna Baer, 1933 Shawnee (Oklahoma) High School graduate where he was an all-round athlete.
 He was offered a contract with the New York Yankees but opted to play football and baseball at the University of Oklahoma.
 He played quarterback and set records as a punter and kicker.
 He was named All-Big Six.
 At one point he held the record for field goals after booting a 47 yarder.
 He also played centerfield for the Sooners.
 Baer served in the navy as a Lt. during World War II as a physical fitness instructor and played football at Del Monte, Calif., Pre-Flight School.
 He was the fourth head baseball coach at the University of Oklahoma beginning his tenure in 1942 before he went in the Navy.
 During his tenure, Oklahoma won one national championship in 1951, made five NCAA Tournament appearances and won 6 conference titles.
 His team had a .529 winning percentage.
 He was coach until he retired in 1968 then worked in the football program as a scout and assistant coach and finally retiring as equipment manager.
 He's buried in the IOOF Cemetery in Norman, Oklahoma.
