<onlyinclude>In academic publishing, predatory open access publishing is an exploitative open-access publishing business model that involves charging publication fees to authors without providing the editorial and publishing services associated with legitimate journals (open access or not).
 "Beall's List", a report that had been regularly updated by Jeffrey Beall until January 2017, set forth criteria for categorizing predatory publications and lists publishers and independent journals that meet those criteria.
 However, Beall's list was "unpublished" by the author in January 2017 (see below for more details; the list had 1155 inclusions as of 31 December 2016).
 Newer scholars from developing countries are said to be especially at risk of becoming the victim of these practices.
</onlyinclude>
William Doyce “Buddy” Killen (November 13, 1932 – November 1, 2006) was an American record producer and music publisher, and a former owner of Trinity Broadcasting Network and Tree International Publishing, the largest country music publishing business, before he sold it to CBS Records in 1989.
 He was also the owner of Killen Music Group, involved with more diverse genres of music, such as pop and rap.
William Randolph Hearst Sr. ( ; April 29, 1863 – August 14, 1951) was an American businessman, politician, and newspaper publisher who built the nation's largest newspaper chain and media company Hearst Communications and whose flamboyant methods of yellow journalism influenced the nation's popular media by emphasizing sensationalism and human interest stories.
 Hearst entered the publishing business in 1887 after being given control of "The San Francisco Examiner" by his wealthy father.
 Moving to New York City, he acquired "The New York Journal" and fought a bitter circulation war with Joseph Pulitzer's "New York World" that sold papers by giant headlines over lurid stories featuring crime, corruption, graphics, sex, and innuendo.
 Acquiring more newspapers, Hearst created a chain that numbered nearly thirty papers in major American cities at its peak.
 He later expanded to magazines, creating the largest newspaper and magazine business in the world.
Edwin Davies (March 1859 – February 1919) was a Welsh publisher and editor.
 Shortly after he was born (in the Welshpool area of Montgomeryshire, at Old Parr's Cottage), his family moved to Brecon, where he grew up.
 On completing his elementary education, he began a seven year apprenticeship to a printing and publishing business.
 He was later employed as the business foreman, before acquiring the business and becoming its manager-editor, editing and publishing the newspaper, "Brecon and Radnor County Times", for the next twelve years.
 During this time he campaigned for the Disestablishment of the Church in Wales, which was achieved in 1914, and endorsed Liberal views.
George Dunn was an American music publisher and lithographer.
 He entered the music publishing business in 1863, during the American Civil War and rapidly rode to prominence.
 His firm was George Dunn & Company, and during the War Dunn published thirty-two works on his own and twenty-four with partner Julian A. Selby.
Ira Silverberg is an influential literary agent and editor in the New York publishing business.
 Silverberg worked as a literary agent at Donadio & Ashworth, as Editor-in-Chief at Grove/Atlantic Press, and as editorial and publishing director at Serpent's Tail's U.S. projects, High Risk Books and Midnight Classics.
 He also founded the marketing and public relations firm, Ira Silverberg Communications.
 This firm has attracted clients like The Academy of American Poets, William S. Burroughs, the estate of David Wojnarowicz, Dennis Cooper, City Lights Publications, and Re/Search Publications.
 He is currently an agent at Sterling Lord Literistic.
Private joint stock company Segodnya Multimedia (“Publishing group “Segodnya” JSC till 2007) has been working in publishing business since 1997.
 In 2007 Web portal Segodnya.ua was launched.
 Segodnya Publishing Group is a member of UAPP.
 Starting from August, 2006 the Holding is headed by CEO, Editor-in-Chief Guillermo Schmitt.
Perseus Books Group was an American publishing company founded in 1996 by investor Frank Pearl.
 It was named Publisher of the Year in 2007 by "Publishers Weekly" magazine for its role in taking on publishers formerly distributed by Publishers Group West and acquiring Avalon Publishing Group.
 In April 2016, its publishing business was acquired by Hachette Book Group and its distribution business by Ingram Content Group.
Mel Croucher is a British writer and video games pioneer.
 Originally an architect, he moved into computers and launched one of the very earliest games companies, Automata UK, as an extension of his travel guide publishing business.
 He is now credited for setting up "the first games company in the U.K." and celebrated as "the father of the British videogames industry".
Fist of the North Star is a side-scrolling action video game produced by Toei Animation and developed by Shouei System for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES).
 It was first released in Japan under the title Hokuto no Ken 2 (Japanese: 北斗の拳2 ) on April 17, 1987, being the second "Hokuto no Ken" video game released for the Family Computer (Famicom) by the anime production company (which briefly entered the video game publishing business after their success with the original "Hokuto no Ken" game for the Famicom in 1986), while also serving as a tie-in to the "Hokuto no Ken 2" anime series which began airing on Fuji TV a few weeks earlier.
 Taxan published the localized NES version on April 1989, making it one of the earliest "Fist of the North Star" products released in the U.S. alongside Viz Communications' English adaptation of the manga.
