Guidance Software, Inc. was a public company (NASDAQ: GUID) founded in 1997.
 Headquartered in Pasadena, Calif., the company developed and provided software solutions for digital investigations primarily in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia/Pacific Rim.
 Guidance Software had offices in Brazil, Chicago, Houston, New York City, San Francisco, Singapore, United Kingdom and Washington, D.C.
 and employed approximately 371 employees.
 On September 14 2017 the company was acquired by OpenText
Hi Tech Expressions was an American video game publisher and developer headquartered in Lower Manhattan, New York City.
 The company was established in 1988.
 During the course of its existence, the company published primarily juvenile-oriented games.
 While it published a few adolescent-oriented games including "The Hunt for Red October" and "War in Middle Earth" (derived from the classic book "The Lord of the Rings" by J. R. R. Tolkien), it could not shake its reputation for publishing games marketed towards children.
 The company shut down in 1997.
 It developed two games during its operation.
Maritime Broadband INC is a US engineering company providing VSAT communication systems for maritime use.
 Founded in 2009, the company is headquartered in Long Island City and manufactures its proprietary C-Bird in the U.S.
 The company has developed advanced maritime communication solutions for merchant vessels such as container ships and oil tankers.
OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a public American pharmaceutical development company headquartered in Redwood City, California.
 The company was founded in August 2004 by two University of Michigan investigators, Michael Clarke and Max S. Wicha.
 s of 2013 , the company had 83 employees.
 OncoMed's drug discovery work focuses on developing "targeted antibodies against cancer stem cells".
 The cancer stem cell technologies on which OncoMed depends are licensed from the University of Michigan where they were developed by the founders of the company.
 OncoMed went public in 2013 and is listed on NASDAQ under the stock symbol OMED.
Ashland Global Specialty Chemicals Inc. is an American chemical company which operates in more than 100 countries.
 Headquartered in Covington, Kentucky, the company traces its roots back to the city of Ashland, Kentucky, where it was headquartered from 1924 to 1999.
 The company currently has five wholly owned divisions, which include Chemical Intermediates and Solvents, Composites, Industrial Specialties, Personal and Home Care, & Pharmaceuticals, Food and Beverage, and Agriculture.
 Until 2017, the company was the primary manufacturer of Valvoline
Tyler Media Group, also known as Tyler Broadcasting Corporation or simply Tyler Media, headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, is a media company which owns five television stations (consisting of two Univision network affiliates, one Estrella TV affiliate and two Telemundo affiliate) and thirteen radio stations (ten English-language and three Spanish-language).
 The company also operates an outdoor advertising company, Tyler Outdoor Advertising, a sign business, the Tyler Outdoor Sign Co. and Tyler Media Digital, Tyler Media's newest marketing extension.
 Ty Tyler is the president of the company and his brother Tony Tyler acts as vice president.
 The company is headquartered at 5101 South Shields Boulevard in Oklahoma City.
Proginet Corporation, which was acquired by Tibco Software in 2010, was a systems management software company.
 It is best known for having developed a breakthrough product in the late 1980s called XCOM, which allowed companies to manage the process of moving bulk data between 26 different computer operating systems.
 In the early 1990s, the company's rights in XCOM were sold to its distributor, which was itself later acquired by CA-Inc.
 XCOM went on to generate hundreds of millions of dollars in sales for CA-Inc.
 After the sale of its only product, the company secured equity stakes from Microsoft and Novell, and began the development of enterprise managed file transfer products across many major computing platforms including Windows, UNIX, Linux, AS/400 and the mainframe.
 The company has been in business since 1986.
 Proginet's products include CyberFusion Integration Suite, Slingshot, Edge Server, Harbor NSM and HFT, and the Rocketstream software suite.
 Proginet's global customer base spans more than 23 countries and includes many Fortune 500 companies.
 The company is headquartered in Garden City, New York, has offices in Toronto, Canada.
 On June 22, 2010 the company announced that it is to be acquired by TIBCO Corporation for $23 million.
Mad Catz Interactive, Inc. was an American company that provided interactive entertainment products marketed under Mad Catz, GameShark (gaming products) and TRITTON (audio products).
 Mad Catz developed flight simulation software through its internal ThunderHawk Studios, developed flight simulation and chess hardware under its Saitek brand, published games under its Mad Catz brand, and distributed games and video game products for third-party partners.
 The company was incorporated in Canada and headquartered in San Diego, California.
 Mad Catz had offices in North America, Europe and Asia.
Bug Labs is a technology company headquartered in New York City that began by developing and selling open-source hardware peripherals for rapid prototyping of electronic devices.
 The company, founded in April 2006, developed a Lego-like hardware platform that technology enthusiasts, hobbyists and engineers used to create their own digital devices.
 Currently, the company develops software and firmware in order to connect devices to the internet, and has partnerships with several Fortune 100 companies, including mobile phone operators, to ignite invention of new kinds of wireless devices.
The Atlanta economy is the 10th largest in the country and 18th in the world with an estimated 2014 GDP of over $324 Billion.
 Atlanta is one of ten U.S. cities classified as an "alpha-world city" by a 2010 study at Loughborough University, and ranks fourth in the number of Fortune 500 companies headquartered within city boundaries, behind New York City, Houston, and Dallas.
 Several major national and international companies are headquartered in metro Atlanta, including seven Fortune 100 companies: The Coca-Cola Company, Home Depot, United Parcel Service, Delta Air Lines, AT&T Mobility, and Newell Rubbermaid.
 Other headquarters for some major companies in Atlanta and around the metro area include Arby's, Chick-fil-A, Earthlink, Equifax, First Data, Foundation Financial Group, Gentiva Health Services, Georgia-Pacific, NCR, Oxford Industries, RaceTrac Petroleum, Southern Company, SunTrust Banks, Mirant, and Waffle House.
 Over 75% of the Fortune 1000 companies have a presence in the Atlanta area, and the region hosts offices of about 1,250 multinational corporations.
 As of 2006 Atlanta Metropolitan Area ranks as the 10th largest cybercity (high-tech center) in the US, with 126,700 high-tech jobs.
