Special Correspondents is a 2016 British-Canadian-American satirical comedy film written, directed by and starring Ricky Gervais.
 The film is a remake of the , and stars Gervais, Eric Bana, Vera Farmiga, Kelly Macdonald, Kevin Pollak, Benjamin Bratt, America Ferrera and Raúl Castillo.
 The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on 22 April 2016 and was released worldwide by Netflix on 29 April 2016.
Shaun Patrick Micallef (born 18 July 1962) is an Australian actor, comedian and writer.
 After ten years of working in insurance law as a solicitor in Adelaide, Micallef moved to Melbourne to pursue a full-time comedy career in 1993.
 He first gained recognition as a cast member of the sketch comedy show "Full Frontal", which in turn led to a number of television roles including his own sketch show, "The Micallef P(r)ogram(me)", the sitcom "Welcher & Welcher" and the variety show "Micallef Tonight".
 He also fronted the satirical news comedy series "Newstopia" on SBS, hosted the game show "Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation" on Network Ten for four seasons, and "Shaun Micallef's Mad as Hell" on the ABC.
 He also co-created and starred in "Mr & Mrs Murder" on Network Ten.
John Walker is an Australian actor noted for his role in the sketch comedy show "Full Frontal" (1994–97) and its successor "Totally Full Frontal" (1998–99).
 His most notable characters in the series was sleazy news presenter Ian Goodings, as well as impersonating John Howard, the Prime Minister of Australia at the time.
 Walker also made a brief appearance in the 1999 comedy "The Craic" alongside comedian Jimeoin.
 He has also appeared in the Australian drama "Blue Heelers" several times and a politically incorrect Australian show "Pizza".
David Brent: Life on the Road is a 2016 British mockumentary comedy film written, directed, and produced by Ricky Gervais and released by Entertainment One.
 The film stars Gervais as David Brent, a character he played in the BBC television comedy series "The Office", who has a film crew that shadows Brent as he travels up and down the country living his dream of being a rock star.
 Gervais said, "This film delves much more into his private life than "The Office" ever did and we really get to peel back the layers of this extraordinary, ordinary man."
 He has emphasised that it is "not an "Office" film".
The following is an episode list for "The Ricky Gervais Show", which is credited as the most downloaded podcast ever, with "nearly 8 million" downloads according to the BBC.
 The series stars Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant of "The Office" and "Extras" fame, as well as Karl Pilkington.
 The series began as a free feature on the website of "The Guardian", but a cost was added when the series was marketed by Audible for the second and third series.
The Ricky Gervais Show is a comedy radio show in the UK starring Ricky Gervais, Stephen Merchant, and Karl Pilkington, later adapted into a podcast and a television series.
 Despite being named after the more famous Gervais, it mostly revolves around the life and ideas of Pilkington.
 The show started in August 2001 on Xfm, and aired in weekly periods for months at a time throughout 2002, 2003, 2004, and mid-2005.
 In November 2005, "Guardian Unlimited" offered the show as a podcast series of 12 shows.
 Throughout January and February 2006, the podcast was consistently ranked the number one podcast in the world; it appeared in the 2007 Guinness World Record for the world's most downloaded podcast, having gained an average of 261,670 downloads per episode during its first month.
 According to the BBC, by September 2006, the podcasts of the series had been downloaded nearly 18 million times.
 s of March 2011 , the podcast has been downloaded over 300 million times.
 The animated series adapted for television debuted for HBO and Channel 4 in 2010.
Michael Veitch (born 29 November 1962) is an Australian author, actor and broadcaster, best known for his roles on the sketch comedy television shows "The D-Generation", "Fast Forward" and "Full Frontal", as well as for his books on World War II aviation, marine science and travel.
Carrott's Lib is a British satirical comedy series broadcast between 9 October 1982 and 30 December 1983.
 It starred Jasper Carrott and a cast of many comedians.
 The show was not just a satirical comedy, it was also a sketch show with many comedians of the future, most famously Chris Barrie ("Red Dwarf", "The Brittas Empire") & Jan Ravens ("Dead Ringers", "Spitting Image").
 Unlike most comedy series it was broadcast live, albeit with some pre-recorded elements.
Full Frontal was an Australian sketch comedy series which debuted in 1993.
 The show first aired on the Seven Network on 13 May 1993, and finished on 15 September 1997.
 "Full Frontal" is also known for launching the television careers of Eric Bana and Shaun Micallef.
Eric Banadinović (born 9 August 1968), known professionally as Eric Bana, is an Australian actor and comedian.
 He began his career in the sketch comedy series "Full Frontal" before gaining critical recognition in the biographical crime film "Chopper" (2000).
 After a decade of roles in Australian TV shows and films, Bana gained Hollywood's attention for his performance in the war film "Black Hawk Down" (2001) and the title character in the Ang Lee's Marvel Comics film "Hulk" (2003).
 He has since played Hector in the movie "Troy" (2004), the lead in Steven Spielberg's historical drama and political thriller "Munich" (2005), Henry VIII in "The Other Boleyn Girl" (2008), and the villain Nero in the science-fiction film "Star Trek" (2009).
 Bana also played Henry De Tamble in "The Time Traveler's Wife" (2009).
 In 2013, he played Lt. Cmdr. Erik S. Kristensen in the war film "Lone Survivor" and in the following year he played police sergeant Ralph Sarchie in the horror film "Deliver Us from Evil".
