That '70s Show is an American television period sitcom that originally aired on Fox from August 23, 1998, to May 18, 2006.
 The series focused on the lives of a group of teenage friends living in the fictional suburban town of Point Place, Wisconsin, from May 17, 1976, to December 31, 1979.
Stacey McKenzie (born in Kingston, Jamaica) is a Canadian fashion model, runway coach and most recently a model coach and judge on the Canadian reality television show "Canada's Next Top Model".
 In 2017, McKenzie served as a guest mentor on 2 episodes of America's Next Top Model Cycle 23.
In March of 1887, Frank Lloyd Wright, having newly moved to Chicago to try to become an architect, received a letter from his aunt Ellen C. Lloyd Jones asking him to perhaps design a building for the school that she planned with her sister, Jane ("Jenny").
 Biographer Meryle Secrest wrote about the letter from "Aunt 'Nell'" to Wright in her biography on the architect: The letter contains detailed instructions about floor plans... She added that some of her friends were contributing their architectural notions.
 The nephew seems to have cut them all out fast.
 His resulting designs were evidently derived from those of [Joseph Lyman] Silsbee [his then-employer], and one of his authorized biographies more or less acknowledges that this architect played the largest role.
 Wright dismissed his first attempt as "amateurish."
 Nell Lloyd Jones asked her nephew to design this structure because she and Jenny were planning on beginning the Hillside Home School on land left to them by their father, in the town of Wyoming, Wisconsin (south of the town of Spring Green).
 This building, which became known as the "Home Building", was the first one designed specifically by Wright for the school, a coeducational day and boarding school which functioned until 1915.
 Silsbee had introduced the young Wright to the "Shingle Style mixture of Queen Anne and Colonial elements."
 In 1907, Spring Green's newspaper, the "Weekly Home News", ran an article focused on the Hillside Home School institution, then in its twentieth year.
 In the section about the home building, the article stated that it:[C]ontains the parlors, in one of which there is a beautiful carved fireplace which at once attracts the attention of the visitor….
 This building also contains the dining rooms, living rooms and kitchens, which are all modern and well-equipped.
 Besides these are twenty-two rooms which are occupied by the girls and some of the teachers.
 They are all large, well ventilated and sunny.
 The architecture of this building is English.The Home Building was the first of three structures that Wright would design for the Hillside Home School.
 In addition to the 1887 design, he was commissioned to design the Romeo and Juliet Windmill in 1896 and the Hillside Home School in 1901 (often referred to as Hillside Home School II to differentiate it from the 1887 structure).
"Big Time Audition" is the hour-long made-for-television pilot movie of the Nickelodeon television series, "Big Time Rush".
 It is the debut film of the series film franchise.
 It stars Kendall Schmidt, James Maslow, Carlos Pena Jr., Logan Henderson, and Stephen Kramer Glickman.
 It aired as a "sneak preview" on November 28, 2009 at 8:30 p.m. ET, following the iCarly special, "iMove Out".
 It is an hour-long special with the length of two regular episodes put together.
 The movie focuses on how four ordinary teenage friends from Minnesota get a chance to become the next chart-topping boy band, while going on an epic journey of a lifetime.
Frenemies is a 2012 teen comedy-drama television film and anthology based on the novel of the same name by Alexa Young which premiered on Disney Channel.
 It features an ensemble cast starring Bella Thorne, Zendaya, Stefanie Scott, Nick Robinson, Mary Mouser and features Connor Price, Jascha Washington and Dylan Everett.
 The film follows three pairs of teenage friends that go from friends to enemies and back again.
 The film was directed by Daisy Mayer and written by Dava Savel, Wendy Weiner, and Jim Krieg.
 The Disney Channel Original Movie premiered on January 13, 2012 in the United States and Canada.
Matt McKenzie is an actor best known for his voicework in games and movies.
 He is the voice of Auron in the RPG games "Final Fantasy X", "Final Fantasy X-2", and "Kingdom Hearts II".
 He also provided the English voice of Borgoff in the movie "", Ptolemy in "", and Major Elliot in the animated movie "".
 McKenzie has also guest starred in some well-known movies ("Gods and Monsters" with Sir Ian McKellen, in which he portrayed Colin Clive) and TV shows such as "", "", "JAG", "7th Heaven", "That '70s Show", "The O.C." and recently 24 as Agent Hollister.
 He also had a cameo role in Clint Eastwood's "The Rookie" as Inspector Wang.
 He appeared in an episode of "House M.D." as Doctor Fedler, where he talks briefly with Robert Chase about the Beatles.
 Most recently he appeared on two episodes of AMC's "Mad Men" as Crab Colson.
 As well as the voice of various Agents in the Animatrix.
Shahs of Sunset is an American reality television series that airs on Bravo.
 The series debuted on March 11, 2012.
 The series follows a group of Iranian American friends living in Beverly Hills (and the greater area known as "Tehrangeles"), who are trying to juggle their active social lives and up-and-coming careers while balancing the demands of their families and traditions.
 It is the second American reality television show about Iranians after E!'s "Love Is in the Heir" in 2004.
 The series originally focused on Reza Farahan, Golnesa Gharachedaghi, Sammy Younai, Asa Soltan Rahmati, Mike Shouhed and Mercedes Javid.
 The series still focuses on the same cast albeit featuring Shervin Roohparvar in place of Younai.
 Younai who was demoted to a recurring capacity in the second season and made guest appearances in the third and fourth seasons while Roohparvar joined in a recurring capacity in the fourth before gaining a starring role in the fifth.
 Past shahs include Lilly Ghalichi (season 2-3) and Asifa Mirza (season 4).
The Godfather of Green Bay is a fictional comedic movie released in 2005.
 It follows the tale of stand-up comedian Joe Keegan (played by Pete Schwaba).
 Joe makes a last-ditch effort to save his career by traveling to a small Wisconsin town where a scout for "The Tonight Show" is in the audience at "Rocktoberfest".
The Young and the Restless (often abbreviated as Y&R) is an American television soap opera created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell for CBS.
 The show is set in a fictional Wisconsin town called Genoa City, which is unlike and unrelated to the real life village of the same name, Genoa City, Wisconsin.
 First broadcast on March 26, 1973, "The Young and the Restless" was originally broadcast as half-hour episodes, five times a week.
 The show expanded to one-hour episodes on February 4, 1980.
 In 2006, the series began airing encore episodes weeknights on SOAPnet until 2013, when "Y&R" moved to TVGN (now Pop).
 Pop still airs the encore episodes on weeknights, starting July 1, 2013.
 The series is also syndicated internationally.
Puberty Blues is an Australian television drama series broadcast on Network Ten.
 It is based on the 1979 book by Kathy Lette and Gabrielle Carey, which was also the inspiration for the 1981 film "Puberty Blues".
 Set during the late 1970s, the series revolves around the family and friends of Debbie and Sue, two inseparable teenage friends who are progressing through the coming of age process.
 The first series of eight episodes began airing from 15 August 2012.
 A second series was later confirmed and premiered on 5 March 2014.
