Mars Attacks!
 is a 1996 American comic science fiction film directed by Tim Burton, who also co-produced it with Larry J. Franco.
 The screenplay, which was based on the cult trading card series of the same name, was written by Jonathan Gems.
 The film features an ensemble cast consisting of Jack Nicholson (in a dual role), Glenn Close, Annette Bening, Pierce Brosnan, Danny DeVito, Martin Short, Sarah Jessica Parker, Michael J. Fox, Rod Steiger, Tom Jones, Lukas Haas, Natalie Portman, Jim Brown, Lisa Marie Smith, and Sylvia Sidney.
 The film is a parody of science fiction B movies overall and includes elements of black comedy and political satire.
Goin' South is a 1978 American western-comedy film, directed by and starring Jack Nicholson, with Mary Steenburgen, Christopher Lloyd, John Belushi, Richard Bradford, Veronica Cartwright, Danny DeVito and Ed Begley, Jr.
Batman is a 1989 American superhero film directed by Tim Burton and produced by Jon Peters and Peter Guber, based on the DC Comics character of the same name.
 It is the first installment of Warner Bros.' initial "Batman" film series.
 The film stars Michael Keaton as Bruce Wayne/Batman and Jack Nicholson as The Joker, alongside Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl, Pat Hingle, Billy Dee Williams, Michael Gough and Jack Palance.
 The film takes place early in the title character's war on crime, and depicts a battle with his arch-nemesis the Joker.
Hoffa is a 1992 French-American biographical crime film directed by Danny DeVito and written by David Mamet, based on the life of Teamsters leader Jimmy Hoffa.
 Most of the story is told in flashbacks before ending with Hoffa's mysterious disappearance.
 Jack Nicholson plays Hoffa, and DeVito plays Robert Ciaro, an amalgamation of several Hoffa associates over the years.
Kill the Irishman (alternatively known as Bulletproof Gangster) is a 2011 American biographical crime film directed by Jonathan Hensleigh, and starring Ray Stevenson, Vincent D'Onofrio, Christopher Walken, and Val Kilmer.
 Written by Hensleigh (along with Jeremy Walters), it is based on the life of Irish-American gangster Danny Greene, and was adapted from the book "To Kill the Irishman: The War That Crippled the Mafia" by Rick Porrello.
Terms of Endearment is a 1983 American comedy-drama film adapted from Larry McMurtry's 1975 novel, directed, written, and produced by James L. Brooks and starring Shirley MacLaine, Debra Winger, Jack Nicholson, Danny DeVito, Jeff Daniels, and John Lithgow.
 The film covers 30 years of the relationship between Aurora Greenway (MacLaine) and her daughter Emma (Winger).
John Daniel Edward "Jack" Torrance is the main antagonist of Stephen King's horror novel "The Shining" (1977).
 He was portrayed by Jack Nicholson in the novel's 1980 movie adaptation and by Steven Weber in the 1997 miniseries.
 The American Film Institute rated the character (as played by Nicholson) the 25th greatest film villain of all time.
 In 2008, Jack Torrance was selected by "Empire Magazine" as one of "The 100 Greatest Movie Characters". "
Premiere Magazine" also ranked Torrance on their list of "The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time".
Sweet Revenge (also released as "Dandy, the All American Girl") is a 1976 American crime film directed by Jerry Schatzberg.
 It was entered into the 1976 Cannes Film Festival.
 This was the second leading role for actress Stockard Channing in a film, following the previous year's "The Fortune" in which she co-starred opposite Jack Nicholson and Warren Beatty.
Wise Guys is a 1986 black Mafia comedy crime film directed by Brian De Palma and starring Danny DeVito and Joe Piscopo.
 A comedy revolving around two small-time mobsters from Newark, New Jersey, it also features Harvey Keitel, Ray Sharkey, Lou Albano, Dan Hedaya, and Frank Vincent.
The Last Detail is a 1973 American comedy-drama film directed by Hal Ashby and starring Jack Nicholson, Randy Quaid, Otis Young, with a screenplay adapted by Robert Towne from a 1970 novel of the same name by Darryl Ponicsan.
 The film became known for its frequent use of profanity.
 It was nominated for three Academy Awards, Best Actor in a Leading Role, Jack Nicholson; Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Randy Quaid; and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium, Robert Towne.
