Zachariah is a fictional character portrayed by Kurt Fuller on The CW Television Network's drama and horror television series "Supernatural".
 An angel, he first appears in the fourth season and helps manipulate the series protagonist Sam Winchester into releasing Lucifer onto the Earth.
 In the fifth season, he attempts to convince Dean Winchester into serving as the human vessel for the archangel Michael to start the apocalypse.
 The opportunity to play an angel initially excited Fuller because he thought that it would give him the chance to break away from his streak of playing villains.
 Despite the character turning into an antagonist halfway through his appearances, the actor was very proud of the role.
 Critical reception for the character has been positive, with his sinister humor being of particular note.
Kurt Fuller (born September 16, 1953) is an American character actor.
 He has appeared in a number of television, film, and stage projects.
 He graduated from Lincoln High School in Stockton, California in 1971, and U.C. Berkeley in 1976.
 He is best known for his roles in "Psych", "No Holds Barred", "Wayne's World", and "Supernatural".
"Psych" is an American comedy-drama television series which was broadcast from 2006 until 2014.
 Created by Steve Franks, the series aired on USA Network for eight seasons with a total of one-hundred and twenty one episodes.
 "Psych" stars James Roday, Dulé Hill, Maggie Lawson, Timothy Omundson, Kirsten Nelson, and Corbin Bernsen, with Roday and Hill earning award nominations for their respective roles.
Psych is an American detective comedy-drama television series created by Steve Franks and broadcast on USA Network with syndicated reruns on ION Television.
 It is produced by Franks and Tagline Television's Chris Henze and Kelly Kulchak.
 The series stars James Roday as Shawn Spencer, a young crime consultant for the Santa Barbara Police Department whose "heightened observational skills" and impressive detective instincts allow him to convince people that he solves cases with psychic abilities.
 The program also stars Dulé Hill as Shawn's best friend and reluctant partner Burton "Gus" Guster, as well as Corbin Bernsen as Shawn's father, Henry, a former officer of the Santa Barbara Police Department.
Me and Mom is an American detective comedy/drama series that aired on ABC from April 5, 1985 to May 17, 1985.
"Spellingg Bee", also known as "The Spellingg Bee", is the second episode of the first season of the American comedy-drama detective television series "Psych".
 It was written by series creator and co-executive producer Steve Franks, and was directed by co-executive producer and director Mel Damski during November and December 2005.
 The episode originally aired on USA Network in the United States on July 14, 2006 with a rating of TV-PG.
 The installment features guest appearances by Kirsten Nelson, Alexander Calvert, Kyle Pejpar, and Jeremy Loheir, among others.
 It also features an appearance by sportscaster Bud Collins.
Leg Work is an American detective drama television series created by Frank Abatemarco that premiered on CBS on October 3, 1987.
 10 episodes of the series were produced, of which six were aired prior to the show's cancellation.
 The final episode aired on November 7, 1987.
 The cable network TV Land later aired the remaining four episodes.
That's My Bush!
 is an American comedy television series that aired on Comedy Central from April 4 to May 23, 2001.
 Created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, best known for creating "South Park", the series centers on the fictitious personal life of President George W. Bush, played by Timothy Bottoms.
 Carrie Quinn Dolin played Laura Bush, and Kurt Fuller played Karl Rove.
Foul Play is an American detective comedy/drama that aired from January 26 until August 23, 1981 on ABC.
 The series was based on the hit 1978 film of the same name, and retained many of the same characterizations, as well as the San Francisco setting of the film.
 The lead roles played by Goldie Hawn and Chevy Chase in the film were taken over by Deborah Raffin and Barry Bostwick, respectively, in the series.
 The series was produced by Thomas L. Miller (who co-produced the film), Robert L. Boyett and Hal Sitowitz, under Paramount Television (now known as CBS Television Distribution).
Love's Deadly Triangle: The Texas Cadet Murder (DVD title: Swearing Allegiance) is a 1997 American drama television film based on real life murder of Adrianne Jones by Diane Zamora in Texas.
 The film stars Holly Marie Combs (as Zamora), David Lipper, Cassidy Rae (as Jones), Dee Wallace, Gary Grubbs, Kurt Fuller, and Joanna Garcia.
 The film was adapted from "The Killer Cadets", an article in "Texas Monthly" by Skip Hollandsworth, and aired on NBC.
