Wellingsbüttel Manor (German: Rittergut Wellingsbüttel, since Danish times: Kanzleigut Wellingsbüttel) is a former manor with a baroque manor house (German: "Herrenhaus") in Hamburg, Germany, which once enjoyed imperial immediacy ("Reichsfreiheit").
 Wellingsbüttel was documented for the first time on 10 October 1296.
 Since 1937 it has formed part of the suburbs of Hamburg as the heart of the quarter of the same name, Wellingsbüttel, in the borough of Wandsbek.
 The owners of Wellingsbüttel Manor from the beginning of the 15th until the early 19th century were consecutively the Archbishops of Bremen, Heinrich Rantzau, Dietrich von Reinking, the Barons von Kurtzrock, Frederick VI of Denmark, Hercules Roß, the Jauch family, Cäcilie Behrens and Otto Jonathan Hübbe.
 In the early 19th century it was the residence and place of death of Friedrich Karl Ludwig, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck, the penultimate duke, who was an ancestor inter alia of the present-day British royal family.
 Wellingsbüttel Manor was elevated to the status of a Danish "chancellery manor" ("Kanzleigut").
 It was then acquired by Grand Burgher of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg Johann Christian Jauch junior (1802–1880), becoming a country estate of the Jauch family.
 The manor house is together with Jenisch House ("Jenisch-Haus") one of Hamburg's best conserved examples of the Hanseatic lifestyle in the 19th century and jointly with the manor gatehouse a listed historical monument.
 The estate is located on the banks of the Alster River in the middle of the Alster valley ("Alstertal") nature reserve.
The Battle of Berestechko (Polish: "Bitwa pod Beresteczkiem" ; Ukrainian: Берестецька битва, Битва під Берестечком ) was fought between the Ukrainian Cossacks, led by Hetman Bohdan Khmelnytsky, aided by their Crimean Tatar allies, and a Polish army under King John II Casimir.
 It was a battle of a Cossack rebellion in Ukraine that took place in the years 1648–1657 after the expiration of a two-year truce.
 Fought from 28 to 30 June 1651, the battle took place in the province of Volhynia, on the hilly plain south of the Styr River.
 The Polish camp was on the river opposite Berestechko and faced south, towards the Cossack army about two kilometers away, whose right flank was against the River Pliashivka (Pliashova) and the Tatar army on their left flank.
 It was probably the largest European land battle of the 17th century.
The Umba River is located in northeastern Tanzania in Tanga Region.
 It rises in Schageiuforest (Shagayu) in the West Usambara Mountains at 2,000 m altitude and flows on the north side of the mountain range to the east.
 At Lelwa it empties the Mbalamu River, which comes from the extreme north of the Usambara Mountains, and the Mglumi River into the Umba.
 Just before the Umba flows into the Indian Ocean, it crosses the border to Kenya.
 The mouth itself marks the most eastern point on the border between Tanzania and Kenya, which was largely made in a straight line to the northwest towards Lake Victoria in the 19th Century.
 On the upper reaches of the river in the mid-1960s rich deposits of precious stones, including sapphires and Spessartine, were discovered.
 Also on the river is the Umba River Game Reserve, a wildlife reserve that includes along with the Mkomazi Game Reserve, about 2,600 km².
Joseph Leonard Follett (February 16, 1843 – April 1, 1907) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War.
 Follett received the country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action during the Battle of Island Number Ten in New Madrid, Missouri on 3 March 1862 and the Battle of Stones River in Tennessee on 31 December 1862.
 He was honored with the award on 19 September 1890.
The Battle of Glendale was a battle fought on the Inner Hebridean island of Skye, between the MacDonalds of Sleat and the MacDonalds of Clanranald, against the MacLeods of Harris and Dunvegan and the MacLeods of Lewis.
 According to MacLeod tradition preserved in the early 19th century, the battle was fought in about the year 1490; yet it has been recently suggested that the battle more likely took place sometime after 1513.
 MacLeod tradition records that the battle was the 'most tremendous battle' that the clan ever fought—although the clan was victorious, it never fully recovered from its severe losses.
 MacLeod tradition relates how the MacDonalds originally had the upper hand during the conflict, but when the MacLeod's sacred Fairy Flag was unfurled the MacLeods gained heart and won the battle.
The military history of Mexico consists of several millennia of armed conflicts within what is now that nation's territory and includes activities of the Mexican military in peacekeeping and combat related affairs worldwide.
 Wars between prehispanic peoples marked the beginning of Mexico's military history, the most notable of these fought in the form of a "flower war".
 After the Spanish conquest of Mexico in the 16th century, indigenous tribes were defeated by Spain, thus beginning a three century era of Spanish dominance.
 Mexico's struggle for independence began primarily in the 19th century, and was marked by internal conflict of early rulers after defeating the Spanish in 1821.
 The Mexican–American War in the mid 19th century ended in the defeat of Mexican forces, and the loss of two-fifths of the national territory.
 In the remainder of the 19th century, a series of conflicts began in Mexico, as the War of the Reform and the defeat of the French during their intervention in Mexico marked events in that era.
Savage's Station was the wartime name of a supply depot, ammunition dump, field hospital, and command headquarters of the Army of the Potomac during the Peninsula Campaign of the American Civil War.
 Savage's Station was located in Henrico County, Virginia on what was the Richmond and York River Railroad, however the historical department of the Norfolk Southern Railroad, the railroad track's current owner, has no record that an actual train station or station house ever existed on the property.
 A farmhouse is known to have been located in a copse of trees on a small knoll next to the railroad track and is visible in several period drawings and photographs made during the war.
 The house served as the nucleus of a large field hospital during and after the battle of Seven Pines and the Seven Days Battles.
 The house also functioned as General George B. McClellan's headquarters during the battle of Savage's Station on June 29, 1862.
 Although the house survived the battle in 1862, it was burned by Federal cavalry under General Philip H. Sheridan in 1864.
 The house appears to have never been rebuilt, and no trace of it remains today.
 However, a smokehouse from the 19th century still existed on the property as late as the 1930s when it was photographed during a survey of local historical structures as a project of the Civilian Conservation Corps.
 The smokehouse fell into ruin and collapsed sometime prior to the 1980s.
 A small brick-walled cemetery from the 18th century still sits near the former location of the house not far from the railroad track.
The Collins Ferry Historic District encompasses two historic farmsteads, as well as a mill and ferry site on the Staunton River in rural northern Halifax County, Virginia, west of Brookneal.
 The district covers 768 acre , extending south from the river roughly to Bull Creek Road, and westward from the mouth of Buffalo Creek, which roughly bisects the district.
 The Collins Farm, which is located at the end of McKeever's Trail, includes one of Halifax County's best-preserved Federal style plantation houses, built c. 1810 and located on a bluff overlooking the creek.
 The Collins Farm includes 19th century farm outbuildings, the family cemetery, a mill site along the river, and the site where stones for the mill's construction and grinding stones were quarried.
 The Hubbard Farm is located south and east of the Collins Farm, and is accessed via a private drive that forms part of the historic road leading to Collins Ferry.
 Hubbard Farm includes a Greek Revival farmhouse built in 1856, and also includes 19th century outbuildings, a family cemetery, and the remains of a slave quarters.
Register Cliff is a sandstone cliff and featured key navigational landmark prominently listed in the 19th century guidebooks about the Oregon Trail, and a place where many emigrants chiseled the names of their families on the soft stones of the cliff it was one of the key checkpoint landmarks for parties heading west along the Platte River valley west of Fort John, Wyoming which allowed travelers to verify they were on the correct path up to South Pass and not moving into impassable mountain terrainsgeographically, it is on the eastern ascent of the Continental divide leading upward out of the great plains in the east of the U.S. state of Wyoming.
 It is notable as a historic landmark for 'registering' hundreds of emigrants on the Oregon Trail (thus also the other northern Emigrant Trails that split off farther west such as the California Trail and Mormon Trail) who came to follow custom and inscribed their names on its rocks during the western migrations of the 19th century.
 An estimated 500,000 emigrants used these trails from 1843–1869, with up to one-tenth dying along the way, usually due to disease.
Pima Villages, sometimes mistakenly called the Pimos Villages in the 19th century, were the Akimel O’odham (Pima) and Pee-Posh (Maricopa) villages in what is now the Gila River Indian Community in Pinal County, Arizona.
 First, recorded by Spanish explorers in the late 17th century as living on the south side of the Gila River, they were included in the Viceroyalty of New Spain, then in Provincias of Sonora, Ostimuri y Sinaloa or New Navarre to 1823.
 Then from 1824 to 1830, they were part of the Estado de Occidente of Mexico and from September 1830 they were part of the state of Sonora.
 These were the Pima villages encountered by American fur trappers, traders, soldiers and travelers along the middle Gila River from 1830's into the later 19th century.
 The Mexican Cession following the Mexican American War left them part of Mexico.
 The 1853 Gadsden Purchase made their lands part of the United States, Territory of New Mexico.
 During the American Civil War they became part of the Territory of Arizona.
