Steven Rattazzi is an American actor.
 He provides the voice for the character of Doctor Byron Orpheus on the Adult Swim animated series "The Venture Bros." He has also done some Off-Off-Broadway shows.
"The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show" is the fourteenth episode in the eighth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 9, 1997.
 In the episode, "The Itchy & Scratchy Show" attempts to regain viewers by introducing a new character named Poochie, whose voice is provided by Homer.
 The episode is largely self-referential and satirizes the world of television production, fans of "The Simpsons", and the series itself.
 It was written by David X. Cohen and directed by Steven Dean Moore.
 Alex Rocco is a credited guest voice as Roger Meyers, Jr. for the third and final time (having previously provided the character's voice in "Itchy & Scratchy & Marge" and "The Day the Violence Died"); Phil Hartman also guest stars as Troy McClure.
 Poochie would become a minor recurring character and Comic Book Guy's catchphrase, "Worst episode ever", is introduced in this episode.
 With "The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show", the show's 167th episode, "The Simpsons" surpassed "The Flintstones" in the number of episodes produced for a prime-time animated series.
Akie Kotabe is an American actor.
 His credits include playing Dr. Ji Dae-Sun in "Humans", Dead Man in "Everly", Meyers in "The November Man", Eric in "The Assets", Akira Takahashi in "Mad Men", and Shingo in "The Achievers".
 Kotabe also provides the voice of the title character Boyster in the Disney XD animated series "Boyster", as well as Kyan in the CBeebies animated series "Go Jetters".
 He has dual American-British citizenship.
River Song is a fictional character created by Steven Moffat and played by Alex Kingston in the British science-fiction series "Doctor Who".
 River Song was introduced to the series as an experienced future companion of series protagonist the Doctor, an alien Time Lord who travels through time in his TARDIS.
 Because River Song is a time traveller herself, her adventures with the Doctor occur out of synchronisation; their first meeting (from the audience's perspective) is his first and apparently her last.
 In later appearances, River is a companion, romantic interest and eventual wife of the Doctor in his eleventh incarnation portrayed by Matt Smith.
 River Song was created by "Doctor Who" writer Steven Moffat for the show's fourth series in 2008, under the tenure of executive producer Russell T Davies.
 When Moffat took over Davies' duties as executive producer, he began expanding on the character's background, depicting adventures earlier in River's timeline, upgrading Alex Kingston from a guest star to a recurring actor in the series.
 Other actresses have subsequently portrayed younger versions of the character.
Freakazoid!
 is an American animated television series created by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini and developed by Tom Ruegger for the Kids' WB programming block of The WB.
 The series chronicles the adventures of the title character, Freakazoid, a manic, insane superhero who battles with an array of super villains.
 The show also features mini-episodes of adventures of other bizarre superheroes.
 The show was produced by Amblin Television and Warner Bros.
 Animation.
 The cartoon was the third animated series produced by the collaboration of Steven Spielberg and Warner Bros.
 Animation during the animation renaissance of the 1990s.
William Scott McCord (born April 19, 1971) is a Canadian actor, voice actor, musician, and composer currently based in Brooklyn.
 A versatile performer, he has appeared in the films "16 Blocks", "Shoot 'Em Up", and the animated feature "The Nut Job".
 On television, he is best known for his voice over work in popular animated series.
 He plays Dan Kuso in "Bakugan Battle Brawlers", Tetsuya Watarigani in "Beyblade Metal Fusion", Owen and Trent in Fresh Animation's "Total Drama" series, Skull Boy in "Ruby Gloom", McGee in "Camp Lakebottom", and Jake in the animated TVOKids/Nickelodeon television series, "PAW Patrol".
 He is also Co-Artistic Director of Toronto-based Criminal Theatre, along with playwright and actor Rosa Laborde.
 In 2016, he won the Canada Screens Award for Best Performance in an Animated Series for his role as Squidgy on Guru's Justin Time.
 In 2002 he was nominated for a Dora Mavor Moore Award with Best Performance by a Male in Independent Theatre for his performance in Jacob Richmond's The Qualities of Zero.
 He has released two albums, the solo effort Blues For Sunshine (2009) and Scott McCord and the Bonafide Truth (2012).
 The latter is also the name of the soul/jazz/blues/rock eight piece band that was created for touring the first album.
 Scott McCord and the Bonafide Truth were nominated for Best Artist of the Year at the 2010 Maple Blues Awards.
Steven Universe is an American animated television series created by Rebecca Sugar for Cartoon Network.
 It is the coming-of-age story of a young boy named Steven Universe (voiced by Zach Callison), who lives in the fictional town of Beach City with the "Crystal Gems" – Pearl (Deedee Magno), Garnet (Estelle), and Amethyst (Michaela Dietz), three magical humanoid aliens.
 Steven, who is half-Gem, goes on adventures with his friends and helps the Gems protect the world from their own kind.
 It premiered on November 4, 2013 as Cartoon Network's first animated series to be solely created by a woman.
 Books, comics and a video game based on the series have also been released.
 When the series is in a hiatus, there would usually be multiple episodes airing after it concluded.
 The theme of the series is love and family as it is based on the creator's brother, Steven Sugar.
K9, occasionally written K-9, is the name of several fictional robotic canines (dogs, the name being a pun on the pronunciation of "canine") in the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", first appearing in 1977.
 K9 has also been a central character in three of the series television spin-offs: the one-off "K-9 and Company" (1981), "The Sarah Jane Adventures" (2007–2011) and "K9" (2009–2010).
 Although not originally intended to be a recurring character in the series, K9 was kept in the show following his first appearance because he was expected to be popular with younger audiences.
 There have been at least four separate K9 units in the series, with the first two being companions of the Fourth Doctor.
 Voice actor John Leeson has provided the character's voice in most of his appearances, except during Season 17 of "Doctor Who", in which David Brierley temporarily did so.
 The character was created by Bob Baker and Dave Martin, to whom rights to the character still belong; consequently, Baker's spin-off series "K9", which is not BBC-produced, cannot directly reference events or characters from "Doctor Who", though it attempts to be a part of that continuity.
Kurt Metzger (born August 15, 1977 ) is an American comedian, actor and writer.
 Metzger's stand-up act was featured on Byron Allen's "Comics Unleashed" in 2009, and his hour-long stage act titled "Kurt Metzger Talks to Young People About Sex" was released digitally on Comedy Central Records in 2011.
 He provides the voice of Randall Skeffington in Comedy Central's animated series "Ugly Americans".
 He has also written for television programs such as "Chappelle's Show" and "Inside Amy Schumer".
 He is also a recurring guest on "The Greg Gutfeld Show".
 Louis C.K. has labelled him as one of the most exciting comedians of the younger generation.
Efrem Zimbalist Jr. (November 30, 1918 – May 2, 2014) was an American actor known for his starring roles in the television series "77 Sunset Strip" and "The F.B.I." He is also known as recurring character "Dandy Jim Buckley" in the series "Maverick" and as the voice behind the character Alfred Pennyworth in "" and associated spin-offs.
 He also voiced Doctor Octopus in the 1990s "Spider-Man" animated series, and Justin Hammer from the second season of the 1994 "Iron Man" animated series.
