The Center for Fiction's First Novel Prize is an annual award presented by The Center for Fiction, a non-profit organization in New York City, for the best debut novel.
 From 2006 to 2011, it was called the John Sargent, Sr.
 First Novel Prize in honor of John Turner Sargent, Sr., and, from 2011 to 2014, the Flaherty-Dunnan First Novel Prize, named after Center for Fiction board member Nancy Dunnan and her journalist father Ray W. Flaherty.
The Dengeki Novel Prize (電撃小説大賞 , Dengeki Shōsetsu Taishō ) is a literary award handed out annually (since 1994) by the Japanese publisher ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks) for their Dengeki Bunko light novel imprint.
 The contest has discovered many popular and successful light novelists, like Kouhei Kadono and Yashichiro Takahashi.
 Originally called the Dengeki Game Novel Prize, the name was changed in 2003.
 The main Dengeki Novel Prize awards consist of the Grand Prize (¥3 million), Gold Prize (¥1 million) and Silver Prize (¥500,000).
 In addition to the money received, the winning novelists get their work published under Dengeki Bunko with the addition of an artist for the illustrated aspects of the light novels.
 However, if an entry is awarded the Media Works Bunko Prize, the winning novel will be published under ASCII Media Works' Media Works Bunko imprint, along with the author winning ¥1 million.
 Often, the name of the novel series is changed from what it was originally titled when it won the prize.
 There are over 5,000 submissions annually since 2011, and it is considered the largest prize for light novels.
Viet Thanh Nguyen (born March 13, 1971) is a Vietnamese American novelist.
 He is the Aerol Arnold Chair of English and Professor of English and American Studies and Ethnicity at the University of Southern California.
 Nguyen's debut novel, "The Sympathizer", won the 2016 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction among other accolades, including the Dayton Literary Peace Prize, the Center for Fiction First Novel Prize, the Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Fiction from the American Library Association, the Edgar Award for Best First Novel from an American Author from the Mystery Writers of America, and the Asian/Pacific American Award for Literature in Fiction from the Asian/Pacific American Librarians Association.
Dengeki Bunko (電撃文庫 ) is a publishing imprint affiliated with the Japanese publishing company ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks).
 It was established in June 1993 with the publication of "Hyōryū Densetsu Crystania" volume one, and is a light novel imprint aimed at a male audience.
 The editors in charge of this imprint have a reputation for welcoming new authors, and hold a yearly contest, the "Dengeki Novel Prize", to discover new talent.
 The eighth volume of "Kino's Journey", originally published in October 2004, was Dengeki Bunko's 1,000th published novel.
 As of September 2010, Dengeki Bunko has published over 2,000 light novels; the 2,000th novel was volume one of Yuyuko Takemiya's "Golden Time".
 Several publications from Dengeki Bunko were later adapted into anime series, including "Kino's Journey", "Shakugan no Shana", "A Certain Magical Index" and "Sword Art Online" among others.
 After MediaWorks' light novel magazine "Dengeki hp" was discontinued, a new magazine entitled "Dengeki Bunko Magazine" succeeded it.
 In April 2013, the imprint celebrated their 20th anniversary with an exhibition.
Media Works Bunko (メディアワークス文庫 , Media Wākusu Bunko ) is a publishing imprint affiliated with the Japanese publishing company ASCII Media Works.
 It was established on December 16, 2009 with the publication of eight novels, and is a mainstream novel imprint aimed at a general audience.
 The imprint is an extension of ASCII Media Works's Dengeki Bunko imprint which publishes light novels. Authors who have moved on from light novels, even ones previously published under Dengeki Bunko, also are published under Media Works Bunko.
 Winners of the Media Works Bunko Prize in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Novel Prize annual contest are published on this imprint, along with winning 500,000 yen.
 The first two winners of the prize in the sixteenth Dengeki Novel Prize held in 2009 were Mado Nozaki, for "(Ei) Amrita", and Kaoru Arima, for "Taiyō no Akubi".
Nida Jay (born September 2, 1985) is a Pakistani novelist who writes in the English language.
 She is the recipient of numerous international awards, amongst them the Dunnen First Novel Prize.
 The debut novel "Heart of Eternity" published by Mirador has gained world-wide plaudits and recognition making Jay an influential name in philosophical and religious literature.
 Jay is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature and is also a member of the Stanford University vibrant group of literary scholars
Paul Lynch is an award-winning, internationally acclaimed Irish writer living in Dublin, Ireland.
 He was born in Limerick in 1977 and grew up in Co.
 Donegal, Ireland.
 His first novel, Red Sky in Morning, won him acclaim in the United States and France, where the book was a finalist for France's prestigious Prix du Meilleur Livre Etranger (Best Foreign Book Award).
 His second novel, The Black Snow, won France's bookseller prize, Prix Libr’à Nous for best foreign novel.
 His novels have also been nominated for France’s Prix Femina, the Prix du Premier Roman (First Novel Prize) and the Prix du Roman Fnac (Fnac Novel Prize).
, as well as being shortlisted for Best Newcomer at Ireland’s Bord Gais Irish Books of the Year.
 Both "Red Sky in Morning" and "The Black Snow" were Amazon.com Books of the Month selections, while his debut novel was selected by Barnes and Noble pick for Discover Great New Writers series.
 The American novelist Ron Rash has called Lynch, "one of his generation's very finest novelists".
Chinaman: The Legend of Pradeep Mathew is a book by Shehan Karunatilaka.
 The book uses cricket as a device to write about Sri Lankan society.
 It tells the story of an alcoholic journalist's quest to track down a missing cricketer of the 1980s.
 The book was critically hailed, winning many awards.
 On 21 May 2012, "Chinaman" was announced as the regional winner for Asia of the Commonwealth Book Prize and went on to win the overall Commonwealth Book Prize announced on 8 June.
 It also won the 2012 DSC Prize for South Asian Literature, and the 2008 Gratiaen Prize.
 Published to great acclaim in India and the UK, the book was one of the Waterstones 11 selected by British bookseller Waterstones as one of the top debuts of 2011 and was also shortlisted for the Shakti Bhatt First Novel Prize.
Sara Mannheimer (born 26 May 1967 in Lund) is a Swedish novelist.
 She hails from Gothenburg and was educated in the US, Holland, and the Czech Republic.
 Her debut novel "Reglerna" ("The Rules", 2008) was nominated for the August Prize and won the debut writers' prize from "Borås Tidning" newspaper.
 Another novel "Handlingen" ("The Action") was nominated for Swedish Radio's best novel prize, and won the EU Prize for Literature.
Kushaleswar Temple is situated in the district of Keonjhar, at a distance of 90 km from Keonjhar city and 8 km from Anandapur.
 The temple is located in the bank of river Kusai.
 It was built during the 9th century AD.
 This temple pays homage to Lord Kushaleswar.
 The temple was built in Panchamukhi style with five different deities facing towards different directions.
 Lord Shiva is facing towards East direction, Goddess Parvati towards North direction, Lord Kartikeya and Bhairava towards West direction and Lord Ganesha towards South direction.
 An important monument of this place is a stone embankment built on the side of the river Kusai, to protect the temple from corrosion.
 This monument is the second of its kind in the State.
 Major festival of this temple is Shiva Ratri, in which thousands of devotees come to pay homage to the deity from across the state.
