Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (released in some countries as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone) is a 2001 British-American fantasy film directed by Chris Columbus and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Pictures.
 It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling.
 The film is the first instalment in the long-running "Harry Potter" film series, and was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman.
 Its story follows Harry Potter's first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as he discovers that he is a famous wizard and begins his education.
 The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, with Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione Granger.
Are Quanta Real?
: A Galilean Dialogue (1973) is a book by J.M. Jauch, in which the three main characters meet over the period of several days to discuss various interpretations and philosophical consequences of quantum mechanics.
 "Are Quanta Real?"
 was inspired by and written in the style of Galileo's "Dialogue Concerning the Two Chief World Systems".
 In the book, Jauch "resurrects" Galileo's three characters Salviati, Sagredo, and Simplicio centuries after their deaths to resume their previous dialogue in light of new developments in natural philosophy, specifically, quantum mechanics.
 The three characters engage in a series of debates and dialectic discussions to better their understanding of quantum phenomena using a series of thought experiments.
Yūki Tokiwa (常盤 祐貴 , Tokiwa Yūki , born on August 16, 1991 in Hyōgo-ken) is a Japanese voice actor represented by Gekidan Himawari.
 He is the official Japanese voice dub-over artist for actor: "Rupert Grint" as "Ron Weasley" in the Harry Potter film series and for Daryl Sabara.
Rupert Alexander Lloyd Grint (born 24 August 1988) is an English actor and producer.
 He rose to prominence playing Ron Weasley, one of the three main characters in the "Harry Potter" film series.
 Grint was cast as Ron at the age of 11, having previously acted only in school plays and at his local theatre group.
 From 2001 to 2011, he starred in all eight "Harry Potter" films alongside Daniel Radcliffe playing as Harry Potter and Emma Watson playing as Hermione Granger.
Sylvio Sarkis is a Lebanese actor born on the 28th of September 1998.
 His career started in 2008 when he participated in the hit Lebanese series "Mou’abbad" along with the much known actors Badih Abou Chakra and Patricia Nammour.
 Sylvio Sarkis had worked over the past 9 years in 7 hit series such as: "Mou’abbad (Mou2abbad)", "Badal An Dayeh (Badal 3an Daye3)" with famous actor Youssef El Khal and Nelly Maatouk, "Ala El A’aehed (3ala Al 3ahed)" with Famous Actress Darine Hamze and Talal El Jurdi where Sylvio was one of the three main characters in the series.
 "Ayli Mat’oub Alaya (3ayle Mat3oub 3laya)" along side with the late actor Issam Breidy and actress Yara Fares.
 The hit Series "Helwe W Kezzabi (Beautiful Liar)" with the famous actress Dalida Khalil and famous singer Ziad Bourji.
 "Joumhouriyet Noun" with famous actor Youssef Haddad and famous actress Rita Harb.
 "50 Alef (50 thousand)" with famous actor Tony Issa and famous actress Dalida Khalil which was his second collaboration with her as being co-actors and main characters.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a 2002 British-American fantasy film directed by Chris Columbus and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Pictures.
 It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling.
 The film is the second instalment in the long-running "Harry Potter" film series.
 It was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman.
 Its story follows Harry Potter's second year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as the Heir of Salazar Slytherin opens the Chamber of Secrets, unleashing a monster that petrifies the school's denizens.
 The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, with Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione Granger.
 The film is also the last film to feature Richard Harris as Professor Albus Dumbledore, due to his death that same year.
The Ash Garden is a novel written by Canadian author Dennis Bock and published in 2001.
 It is Bock's first novel, following the 1998 release of "Olympia", a collection of short stories.
 "The Ash Garden" follows the stories of three main characters affected by World War II: Hiroshima bombing victim Emiko, German nuclear physicist Anton Böll, and Austrian-Jewish refugee Sophie Böll.
 The narrative is non-linear, jumping between different times and places, and the point of view alternates between the characters; Emiko's story being written in the first person while Anton and Sophie's stories are written in the third person.
 Bock took several years to write the novel, re-writing several drafts, before having it published in August 2001 by HarperCollins (Canada), Alfred A. Knopf (USA) and Bloomsbury (UK).
Several actors of the United Kingdom and Ireland have voiced or portrayed characters appearing in the "Harry Potter" film series based on the book series by J. K. Rowling.
 Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson have played Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger in all the films.
 When they were cast only Radcliffe had previously acted in a film.
 Complementing them on screen are such actors as Helena Bonham Carter, Jim Broadbent, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Warwick Davis, Ralph Fiennes, Michael Gambon, Brendan Gleeson, Richard Griffiths, Richard Harris, John Hurt, Jason Isaacs, Miriam Margolyes, Helen McCrory, Gary Oldman, Alan Rickman, Fiona Shaw, Maggie Smith, Timothy Spall, Imelda Staunton, David Thewlis, Emma Thompson, and Julie Walters, among others.
 Thirteen actors have appeared as the same character in all eight films of the series.
Nachiket Dighe (Marathi: नचिकेत दिघे "Nacikēta Dighē") born 11 November 1987) is an Indian actor and dubbing voice actor, who dubs in Hindi, Marathi, and English.
 He is best known for his Hindi voice-dubbing of Rupert Grint's role as Ron Weasley, in the Harry Potter film series.
 He is the official Hindi voice dub-over artist for Kevin Jonas and Toby Amies.
 Despite that Jonas and Amies are in different age groups, Dighe is able to perfectly match the quality of their voices when it comes to dubbing their roles in Hindi.
 He is also married to Rucha Dighe.
Black Books is a BAFTA Award winning sitcom first broadcast on Channel 4 from 2000 to 2004.
 It revolves around the lives of three main characters: Bernard Black, played by Dylan Moran; Manny Bianco, played by Bill Bailey; and Fran Katzenjammer, played by Tamsin Greig.
 Bernard is the belligerent owner of the book shop Black Books, while Manny is his assistant, and Fran is their friend and neighbour.
 All three characters appeared in all 18 episodes of the show.
 Supporting characters appeared infrequently to support each episode's storyline, a number of whom were guest stars, as well as lesser known actors who went on to have major roles in British comedy series.
 Co-writer Graham Linehan also appeared in Ep.
 1.2 as the "I Love Books" customer and Ep 1.5 as a fast food customer.
