The Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS) was a United States federal agency under the Department of the Treasury that chartered, supervised, and regulated all federally chartered and state-chartered savings banks and savings and loans associations.
 It was created in 1989 as a renamed version of another federal agency (that was faulted for its role in the savings and loan crisis).
 Like other U.S. federal bank regulators, it was paid by the banks it regulated.
 The OTS was initially seen as an aggressive regulator, but was later lax.
 Declining revenues and staff led the OTS to market itself to companies as a lax regulator in order to get revenue.
The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) is an independent federal agency created as the successor regulatory agency of the Federal Housing Finance Board (FHFB), the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight (OFHEO), and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development government-sponsored enterprise mission team, absorbing the powers and regulatory authority of both entities, with expanded legal and regulatory authority, including the ability to place government sponsored enterprises (GSEs) into receivership or conservatorship.
Ministry for Atomic Energy of the Russian Federation and Federal Agency on Atomic Energy (or Rosatom), were a Russian federal executive body in 1992-2008 (as Federal Ministry in 1992-2004 and as Federal Agency in 2004-2008).
The Federal Register, abbreviated FR or sometimes Fed.
 Reg., is the official journal of the federal government of the United States that contains government agency rules, proposed rules, and public notices.
 It is published daily, except on federal holidays.
 The final rules promulgated by a federal agency and published in the "Federal Register" are ultimately reorganized by topic or subject matter and codified in the "Code of Federal Regulations" (CFR), which is updated annually.
The Federal Agency for Civic Education, FACE (German: Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung , bpb) is a German federal government agency responsible for promoting civic education.
 It is subordinated to the Federal Ministry of the Interior.
 Thomas Krüger has served as President of the agency since 2000.
Myloh Jaqory Mason (born June 28, 1990) is an American man who was listed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) of the United States within the FBI list of the ten most wanted persons for crimes alleged committed.
 Mason is described by the FBI as a violent felon.
Executive Order 12148 was an executive order enacted by President Jimmy Carter on July 20, 1979 to transfer and reassign duties to the newly formed agency, known as the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), created by Executive Order 12127.
 The order combined several federal agencies tasked with emergency preparedness and civil defense spread across the executive departments into a unified entity that was established as an independent agency, free of Cabinet interference, with authority as the lead federal agency in a presidentially-declared disaster.
Turner Broadcasting v. Federal Communications Commission, 512 U.S. 622 (1994), is the first of two United States Supreme Court cases dealing with the must carry rules imposed on cable television companies.
 "Turner Broadcasting v. Federal Communications Commission (II)", 520 U.S. 180 (1997) was the second.
 "Turner I" established that cable television companies were indeed First Amendment speakers but didn't decide whether the federal regulation of their speech infringed upon their speech rights.
 In "Turner II" the court decided that the must carry provisions were constitutional.
 Under the "Miami Herald v. Tornillo" case, it was unconstitutional to force a newspaper to run a story the editors would not have included absent a government statute because it was compelled speech which could not pass the strict scrutiny of a compelling state interest being achieved with the least restrictive means necessary to achieve the state interest.
 However, under the rule of "Red Lion Broadcasting Co. v. FCC" the High Court held that a federal agency could regulate broadcast stations (TV and Radio) with far greater discretion.
 In order for federal agency regulation of broadcast media to pass constitutional muster, it need only serve an important state interest and need not narrowly tailor its regulation to the least restrictive means.
Civil forfeiture in the United States, also called civil asset forfeiture or civil judicial forfeiture or occasionally civil seizure, is a controversial legal process in which law enforcement officers take assets from persons suspected of involvement with crime or illegal activity without necessarily charging the owners with wrongdoing.
 While civil procedure, as opposed to criminal procedure, generally involves a dispute between two private citizens, civil forfeiture involves a dispute between law enforcement and "property" such as a pile of cash or a house or a boat, such that the thing is suspected of being involved in a crime.
 To get back the seized property, owners must prove it was not involved in criminal activity.
 Sometimes it can mean a threat to seize property as well as the act of seizure itself.
 In 2015, Eric Holder ended 'adoptive forfeiture' which occurred "when a state or local law enforcement agency seizes property pursuant to state law and requests that a federal agency take the seized asset and forfeit it under federal law" due to abuse.
 States proceeded to curtail the powers of police to seize assets, actions by the justice department in July 2017 have sought to reinstate police seizure powers to raise funding for federal agencies and local law enforcement.
Abdul Rauf is a commander of the militant Pakistani group Jaish-e-Mohammed, based mainly in the Pakistan-administered portion of the state of Kashmir and also in Afghanistan.
 The younger brother of Jaish-e-Mohammad chief Masood Azhar, he was involved in the hijacking of an Indian Airlines Flight 814 and is one of the most wanted persons in India due to his history of militant activities.
