The Wisconsin Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
 The Legislature is a bicameral body composed of the upper house Wisconsin State Senate and the lower Wisconsin State Assembly, both of which have had Republican majorities since January 2011.
 With both houses combined, the legislature has 132 members representing an equal number of constituent districts.
 The Legislature convenes at the state capitol in Madison.
Elections to the Upper House of the Althing were held in Iceland on 15 June 1930.
 Following reforms in 1915, the six seats in the Upper House appointed by the monarch were abolished, and replaced with six elected seats.
 The seats were elected by proportional representation at the national level, using the D'Hondt method.
 The remaining eight seats were elected along with the Lower House.
 This was the last election solely for the Upper House, as from 1934 onwards all Upper House members were elected together with the Lower House.
The New South Wales Legislative Council, or upper house, is one of the two chambers of the parliament of the Australian state of New South Wales.
 The other is the Legislative Assembly.
 Both sit at Parliament House in the state capital, Sydney.
 The Assembly is referred to as the lower house and the Council as the upper house.
 It is normal for legislation to be first deliberated on and enacted in the lower house, and then considered in the upper house, which acts in the main as a house of review.
 The Council has 42 members, elected by proportional representation in which the whole state is treated as a single electorate.
 Members serve eight-year terms, which are staggered so that half the Council is up for election every four years—roughly coinciding with elections to the Legislative Assembly.
An upper house, sometimes called a Senate, is one of two chambers of a bicameral legislature (or one of three chambers of a tricameral legislature), the other chamber being the lower house.
 The house formally designated as the upper house is usually smaller, and often has more restricted power, than the lower house.
 Examples of upper houses in countries include the UK's House of Lords, India's Rajya Sabha, Russia's Federation Council, Ireland's Seanad, Germany's Bundesrat and the United States Senate.
The Senate is Burkina Faso's uncreated legislative upper chamber under the amended Constitution of Burkina Faso.
 The original upper house (Chamber of Representatives) was abolished in 2002, making the legislature unicameral.
 The upper house was to have been restored under the name "Senate" in the June 2012 constitutional amendments.
 This revision was never executed due to an extended and unresolved political confrontation over the Senate's establishment, which left the country effectively with a unicameral legislature as of the October 2014 constitutional crisis.
Murtaza A. Khan is a Member of the Legislative Council in the State of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
 Born in village Narol of Poonch District of the Indian Administered State of Jammu and Kashmir, Murtaza A. Khan is a well known lawyer and widely travelled person.
 He got bachelor's degree in law from Aligarh Muslim University, Master’s from USA and engaged in legal profession in Canada.
 After several years of stay in North America, he returned to Jammu and Kashmir and resumed legal profession.
 He joined Jammu and Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party.
 headed by former Indian Home Minister Mufti Mohammed Sayeed at its inception in July 1999 as a founder member, authored its Constitution and served it in various capacities.
 Was elected as Member of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Council (Upper House of the State's bicameral legislature) in February 2007.
 He is leader of PDP's legislature party in the Upper House.
 He was appointed PDP’s General Secretary in August 2007.
 Known for his resolute bearing, he commands massive following and support of the Punjabi and Pothwari/Pahari speaking Muslim communities across Jammu and Kashmir.
Ken Pruitt (born January 24, 1957) was a Republican member of the Florida Senate, representing the 28th District from 2000 to 2009.
 His district includes portions of Indian River, Martin, Okeechobee, Palm Beach and St. Lucie Counties.
 He was previously a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1990 through 2000.
The Alaska Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 It is a bicameral institution, consisting of the lower Alaska House of Representatives, with 40 members, and the upper house Alaska Senate, with 20 members.
 There are 40 House Districts (1-40) and 20 Senate Districts (A-T).
 With a total of 60 lawmakers, the Alaska Legislature is the smallest bicameral state legislature in the United States and the second-smallest of all state legislatures (only the 49-member unicameral Nebraska Legislature is smaller).
 There are no term limits for either chamber.
The Nevada Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Nevada.
 The Legislature is a bicameral body, consisting of the lower house Nevada Assembly, with 42 members, and the upper house Nevada Senate, with 21 members.
 All 63 members of the Legislature are elected from an equal amount of constituent districts across the state.
 The Legislature is the third smallest bicameral state legislature in the United States (the Alaska Legislature is the smallest bicameral, with only 60 members and the Delaware General Assembly has 62 members).
The Arizona Territorial Legislature was the legislative body of Arizona Territory.
 It was a bicameral legislature consisting of a lower house, the House of Representatives, and an upper house, the Council.
 Created by the Arizona Organic Act, the legislature initially consisted of nine members in the Council and eighteen members in the House.
 The legislature initially met once a year, but this was changed by the U.S. Congress to biannually in 1869.
 In 1881, the membership was expanded to twelve Council members and twenty-four Representatives.
