The Grantham–Skegness line, originally promoted as the "Poacher Line", runs for 55 mi between Grantham and Skegness in Lincolnshire, England.
 Trains on this route originate from Nottingham via the Nottingham to Grantham Line as an hourly through service from Nottingham to Skegness, with slower stopping services at peak times.
 The line is operated by East Midlands Trains British Rail Class 156 "Super-Sprinter", British Rail Class 153 "Super-Sprinter" and British Rail Class 158 "Sprinter Express" diesel multiple units, on a rare occasion ('Summer Saturdays' only) does a British Rail Class 43 (HST) run on this line.
British Rail Class D2/10 was a locomotive type commissioned by British Rail.
 It was a diesel-hydraulic shunting locomotive in the pre-TOPS period built by the North British Locomotive Company (NBL).
 The NBL/MAN engines were built by the North British Locomotive Company in Scotland under licence from the German company MAN.
The London and North Eastern Railway used a small number of petrol and diesel locomotives.
 These included the LNER Class Y11 petrol locomotives, the diesel shunters which later became British Rail Class D3/9 and British Rail Class D3/14 and the Kitson-Still steam diesel hybrid locomotive.
 During the 1930s, Armstrong Whitworth supplied an experimental 1-Co-1 diesel-electric locomotive and several diesel-electric railcars.
 In the 1940s, the LNER had some main-line diesel locomotives on order.
 These would have been similar to the British Rail Class D16/1 and British Rail Class D16/2 but the order was cancelled after nationalisation in 1948.
The British Rail Class 87 is a type of electric locomotive built in 1973–75 by British Rail Engineering Limited.
 Thirty-six of these locomotives were built to work passenger services over the West Coast Main Line (WCML).
 They were the flagships of British Rail's electric locomotive fleet until the late 1980s, when the Class 90s started to come on stream.
 The privatisation of British Rail saw all but one of the fleet transferred to Virgin Trains.
 They continued their duties until the advent of the new Class 390 "Pendolinos", when they were transferred to other operators or withdrawn.
 There is only one Class 87 still in use in Britain, 87002, owned by the AC Locomotive Group and solely used alongside 86101 for the occasional charter train.
 A large proportion of the fleet have now been exported to Bulgaria.
 87002 is currently hired by Serco to work the empty coaching stock of the "Caledonian Sleeper" services.
British Rail Class D3/3 was a 0-6-0 shunting locomotive built by British Rail at their Derby Works in England.
 It was similar to the British Rail Class 08, except they were built with different engines and traction motors.
 They were all withdrawn and scrapped after only twelve years of service.
British Rail Class D3/1 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
 It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period built by the North British Locomotive Company.
 The NBL/MAN engines were built by the North British Locomotive Company in Scotland under licence from the German company MAN.
British Rail Class D1/3 (formerly DY1) was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
 It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period built by Ruston & Hornsby.
 In appearance, it was similar to British Rail Class 97/6, but with 0-4-0 wheels.
British Rail Class D1/1 (formerly DY1) was a class of locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
 It was a diesel locomotive in the pre-TOPS period built by the Hunslet Engine Company with a 153 hp Gardner 6L3 engine.
The British Rail Class EF1 ("Electric Freight 1") was a class of electrically powered locomotives used by British Rail in England.
 They were used during the pre-TOPS period.
 They were also classified as British Rail Class EB1 for a short period of time, although only a single locomotive was completely modified to "EB1" condition.
 These locomotives were built by the North Eastern Railway to haul coal trains from the mines at Shildon to the docks at Middlesbrough.
 In common with other LNER electric locomotives, no classification was given to these locomotives until 4 October 1945, when nos. 3-12 were all classified EB1 (Electric Banking 1) although only no. 11 was actually modified for banking.
 It was expected that all the locomotives would be similarly modified, but this did not happen, and the remaining locos were classified as EF1 (Electric Freight 1).
The Manchester Pullman was a first-class-only Pullman passenger train operated by British Rail, targeted at business travellers.
 The service began in 1966, operating between and , and offered an at-seat restaurant service to all passengers.
 It was hauled by 25 kV AC electric locomotives between the British Rail Class 81 and British Rail Class 86 range.
 The rolling stock had several peculiarities, one being it had the vacuum brake system, so it could not be hauled by the British Rail Class 87 when they were introduced during the later life of the train as they were air brake only locomotives.
 It replaced the Midland Pullman (operated by the diesel Blue Pullman units) upon completion of the electrification of the West Coast Main Line.
 There was also a less successful 'sister' Liverpool Pullman service that ran between London Euston and .
