A Bushie, or less commonly, Bushite or Bushy, is a term referring to a political supporter of George H. W. Bush or George W. Bush.
 More specifically, it is used to denote the inner circle of Bush advisors, appointees, and acolytes.
 The label carries much the same meaning as the terms "Reaganite" and "Clintonista," which are used to denote aides and followers of Presidents Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton, respectively.
Elliott Abrams (born January 24, 1948) is a former American diplomat, lawyer and political scientist who served in foreign policy positions for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush.
 Abrams was convicted of withholding information from Congress about the Iran–Contra affair while serving under Reagan, but was pardoned by President George H. W. Bush.
Otto Juan Reich (born October 16, 1945), is an American former senior official in the administrations of Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and George W. Bush.
 Among other positions held, he has been the President's Special Envoy for the Western Hemisphere; Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs; United States Ambassador to Venezuela; and Assistant Administrator of the US Agency for International Development, a recess appointment.
 In 2003, Bush appointed him US Special Envoy to the Western Hemisphere.
 Since leaving the White House in 2004, he has headed his own international consulting firm, Otto Reich Associates, LLC, based in Washington, D.C..
During President Ronald Reagan's presidency, he nominated at least twelve people for various federal appellate judgeship who were not confirmed.
 In some cases, the nominations were not processed by the Democratic-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee before Reagan's presidency ended, while in other cases, nominees were rejected by the Senate Judiciary Committee or even blocked by unfriendly members of the Republican Party.
 Three of the nominees were renominated by Reagan's successor, President George H. W. Bush.
 Two of the nominees, Ferdinand Francis Fernandez and Guy G. Hurlbutt, were nominated after July 1, 1988, the traditional start date of the unofficial Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year.
 Eight of the twelve seats eventually were filled by appointees of President George H. W. Bush.
The first inauguration of Ronald Reagan as the 40th President of the United States was held on Tuesday, January 20, 1981, on the West Front of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C..
 This was the first inauguration to be held on the building's west side.
 The inauguration marked the commencement of the first four-year term of Ronald Reagan as President and of George H. W. Bush as Vice President.
 Chief Justice Warren E. Burger administered the presidential oath of office to Reagan, who placed his hand upon a family Bible given to him by his mother, open to .
 Associate Justice Potter Stewart administered the vice presidential oath to Bush.
William Flynn Martin (born October 4, 1950) is an American energy economist, educator and international diplomat.
 Martin served as Special Assistant to President Reagan for National Security Affairs, Executive Secretary of the National Security Council in the West Wing of the White House and Deputy Secretary of the Department of Energy during the Ronald Reagan administration.
 He was President of the Council of the University for Peace, appointed to the Council by Secretary General of the United Nations Kofi Annan and served as the Executive Director of the Republican Platform Committee during the re-election bid of George H.W. Bush.
 He has held senior appointments and advisory positions under several Presidents including: Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush.
A Reagan Democrat is a traditionally Democratic voter in the United States, referring especially to white working-class Rust Belt residents, who defected from their party to support Republican President Ronald Reagan in either or both of the 1980 and 1984 elections as well as Republican Presidents George H. W. Bush in the 1988 election and George W. Bush in either or both of the 2000 and 2004 elections.
 Part of this group also defected to Donald Trump, the Republican candidate in 2016, who won in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa, all states that voted for Reagan but went Democratic in 2008 and 2012.
The second inauguration of Ronald Reagan as President of the United States was held privately on Sunday, January 20, 1985 in the Grand Foyer of the White House, and publicly the following day, January 21, 1985 at the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The inauguration marked the commencement of the second four-year term of Ronald Reagan as President and of George H. W. Bush as Vice President.
Lawrence Sidney Eagleburger (August 1, 1930 – June 4, 2011) was an American statesman and career diplomat, who served briefly as the Secretary of State under President George H. W. Bush.
 Previously, he had served in lesser capacities under Presidents Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Ronald Reagan, and as Deputy Secretary of State under George H. W. Bush.
The presidency of Ronald Reagan began on January 20, 1981, when Ronald Reagan was inaugurated as President of the United States, and ended on January 20, 1989.
 Reagan, a Republican, took office as the 40th United States president following a landslide win over Democratic incumbent President Jimmy Carter in the 1980 presidential election.
 Reagan was succeeded by his vice president, George H. W. Bush, who won the 1988 presidential election with Reagan's support.
