The earliest roots of IBM's development of the IBM 2997 Blood cell Separator lay in the personal tragedy of one of IBM's development engineers, George Judson.
 In 1962, Judson's son, Tom, was diagnosed with leukemia.
 His physician was able to have Tom admitted to the Clinical Center of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) at the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
 On admission, they showed Judson a procedure to remove white blood cells from a patient.
 It was laborious.
 They would remove two units (450 ml) of blood, spin them in a bucket centrifuge, express the plasma into a satellite bag, and the white cells into another satellite bag.
 The packed red cells and the plasma would be recombined and administered to the patient.
 This would be repeated over and over.
 Judson, being an engineer, suggested that this could be done on a continuous-flow basis.
 He was sent to see Dr. Emil J. Freireich who expressed enthusiasm for the project.
 Judson returned to IBM and asked for a year's leave of absence to work on his ideas.
 IBM gave him the one-year leave with pay and provided engineering assistance.
 His work led to the development of the NCI Blood Cell Separator and later to the IBM 2990 Blood Cell Separator which could harvest white blood cells from blood donors, to support leukemia patients to keep them alive.
 The subsequent development of the machine as the IBM 2997, essentially a continuous centrifuge which separated the blood into red blood cells, white blood cells, and blood plasma (used in plasmapheresis), was picked up by IBM's Systems Supplies Division (SSD) which was already ready marketing the IBM 2991 Blood cell Processor.
 The (disposable) supplies element represented a large part of the revenue stream.
"Ready Set Roll" is a song recorded by American country music artist Chase Rice.
 It was released in November 2013 as his first single from his EP album, "Ready Set Roll", and later appeared on his first major-label studio album, "Ignite the Night".
 Rice wrote the song with Chris DeStefano, who also produced it, and Rhett Akins.
Ready Ready Set Go is the first compilation album (third overall) by Canadian musical duo Prozzäk, released under the name Simon and Milo, by Hollywood Records on April 30, 2002.
 This was a limited edition CD and also enhanced with three bonus videos.
 The album's name is taken from the opening line from "Pretty Girls (Make Me Nervous)", the first track on the album.
 All of the tracks were taken from the two previous albums, "Hot Show" and "Saturday People", with the exception of the one new track introduced on the album, "Get a Clue", a theme song for the TV movie of the same name starring Lindsay Lohan.
 "Get a Clue" is also a featured track in the video game "Disney's Extreme Skate Adventure", and its accompanying music video is an unlockable video in the extras section of the game.
The retinoblastoma protein (protein name abbreviated pRb; gene name abbreviated RB or RB1) is a tumor suppressor protein that is dysfunctional in several major cancers.
 One function of pRb is to prevent excessive cell growth by inhibiting cell cycle progression until a cell is ready to divide.
 When the cell is ready to divide, pRb is phosphorylated, becomes inactive and allows cell cycle progression.
 It is also a recruiter of several chromatin remodeling enzymes such as methylases and acetylases.
Within the field of developmental biology one goal is to understand how a particular cell (or embryo) develops into the final cell type (or organism), essentially how a cell's fate is determined.
 Within an embryo, 4 processes play out at the cellular and tissue level to essentially create the final organism.
 These processes are cell proliferation, cell specialization, cell interaction and cell movement.
 Each cell in the embryo receives and gives cues to its neighboring cells and retains a cell memory of its own cell proliferation history.
 Almost all animals undergo a similar sequence of events during embryogenesis and have, at least at this developmental stage, the three germ layers and undergo gastrulation.
 While embryogenesis has been studied for more than a century, it was only recently (the past 15 years or so) that scientists discovered that a basic set of the same proteins and mRNAs are involved in all of embryogenesis.
 This is one of the reasons that model systems such as the fly ("Drosophila melanogaster"), the mouse (Muridae), and the leech ("Helobdella"), can all be used to study embryogenesis and developmental biology relevant to other animals, including humans.
 What continues to be discovered and investigated is how the basic set of proteins (and mRNAs) are expressed differentially between cells types, temporally and spatially; and whether this is responsible for the vast diversity of organisms produced.
 This leads to one of the key questions of developmental biology of how is cell fate determined.
Nini's Treehouse is a children's television series and was produced by The itsy bitsy Entertainment Company.
 It was on TLC, GMTV Kids and Discovery Kids as part of Ready Set Learn.
I Will Be Nothing Without Your Love is the fourth studio album by American electropop singer-songwriter The Ready Set.
 It was released on April 8, 2016 by Hopeless Records.
Fight for Something Tour is a joint United States concert tour by Australian punk rock band Tonight Alive and American pop rock band Set It Off.
 Emo singer songwriter SayWeCanFly and pop artist and songwriter The Ready Set were also on the entire tour.
Ready Set Go!
 was the intended debut studio album by American hip-hop recording artist Roscoe Dash, released on November 2, 2010 in the United States on MMI, Zone 4, Music Line Group and Interscope Records.
 The album was recorded in various locations during 2009 and 2010, with production primarily provided by K.E. on the Track and guest performances recorded by Soulja Boy, J. Holiday and Jared Evan.
 A hip hop album with influences of pop and contemporary R&B, "Ready Set Go" features hook-driven content sung by Dash's high-pitched, nasal voice.
Jordan Mark Witzigreuter (born November 14, 1989), known professionally as The Ready Set, is an American singer-songwriter from Fort Wayne, Indiana.
 He is the lead vocalist and sole member of the act, using a backup band while on tour.
 Witzigreuter created The Ready Set in the basement of his childhood home in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
 He has released four studio albums "Tantrum Castle", "I'm Alive, I'm Dreaming," "The Bad & The Better", and "I Will Be Nothing Without Your Love," four extended plays and seven singles.
 Fall Out Boy bassist Pete Wentz signed The Ready Set to his label Decaydance Records, in 2009.
 He is currently with Hopeless Records.
