The Mumo (also known as Muman, previously also called Madugal kaffirs) are a tribe in Afghanistan, living primarily in the Bashgal Valley, centered in the village of Bagalgrom.
 Their language is Mumviri, a dialect of the Kamkata-viri language.
Megaoryzomys curioi, also known as the Galápagos giant rat, is an extinct species of sigmodontine rodent, known only from Santa Cruz Island in the Galápagos Islands.
 It likely met its demise when European settlers introduced invasive species to the island.
 It is the only species in the genus Megaoryzomys.
 Its relationships are currently unclear; it has been placed in both Oryzomyini and Thomasomyini in the past.
Handleyomys fuscatus, also known as the dusky-footed Handley's mouse or dusky-footed montane mouse, is a species of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae.
 It was previously placed in the genus "Aepeomys", but it is closely similar to "Handleyomys intectus" (previously "Oryzomys intectus"), and accordingly both species were placed in the new genus "Handleyomys" in 2002.
 It is found only in Colombia.
Berberomeloe is a genus within the tribe Lyttini of the family Meloidae, the oil or blister beetles.
 It includes two species, the red-striped oil beetle, "Berberomeloe majalis", and the less flamboyant "Berberomeloe insignis".
 Until recently these species were included in the genus "Meloe", which is treated in the tribe Meloini; the placement of what was previously called "Meloe majalis" instead in a genus within the tribe Lyttini was proposed by Bologna (1988) and has commanded general acceptance.
 As Bologna notes, it had long been known that the larval development of the red-stripted oil beetle was very different from that of most species placed in "Meloe", so that some authors treated it within the Lyttini genus "Trichomeloe".
 However the species does not fit into any other genus of Lyttini, having a unique combination of autapomorphic characters, namely reduced elytra, no wings and modified antennae, so Bologna proposed the new genus.
 Bologna envisaged that other species currently placed in "Meloe" might be found to be anomalous once their larval development was studied in full.
 However, the addition of a second species to "Berbermeloe" came by a different route: García-Paris (1998).
 revived the name "insignis", which had been thought to be merely a synonym for "majalis", to describe a rare, distinct population endemic to the Spanish provinces of Granada, Almería and Murcia.
 Individuals of this type differed from typical "B. majalis" in several anatomical characteristics, and hence García-Paris argued that they should be given species status and should also be placed in "Berberomeloe".
 The genus 'Berberomeloe" is endemic to the Western Mediterranean, specifically the Iberian peninsula, France, Algeria, Morocco and Tunisia.
Robinsonekspedisjonen: 2009, was the ninth season of the Norwegian version of the Swedish show Expedition Robinson and it premiered on the 6th of September 2009 and aired until the 6th of December 2009.
 The major twist this season was that of Team X, a team of contestants that had previously been eliminated.
 The formation of Team X started with a fake elimination of two players in a challenge in episode one.
 Two more players were fake eliminated in episode one when both tribe leaders were told that they had to choose one member of their tribe to eliminate.
 In episode 3, Peder was fake eliminated in a duel against Kristoffer.
 Following the duel Kristoffer swapped tribes.
 The final two members of Team X joined when in episode 4 Team X competed in a challenge against North team and South team.
 North team finished last in the challenge and as a result was eliminated, however, Team X was told that they could save one member of the North team from elimination.
 Team X chose to save Iris, which meant that she then became part of Team X. Severin also became part of Team X as his the North team decided to give him immunity before the challenge.
 From episode 5 until the merge, South team and Team X competed in challenges against each other.
 Following the merge, Peder was ejected from the game for faking an injury.
 As the game progressed, the original South team members began to pick off what was left of Team X until only South team members remained in the game.
 Like the season that preceded it, this season had a final three instead of a final four.
 The last three players faced off in two challenges in order to determine the finalists.
 Ultimately, it was Lina Iversen who won the season over Christian Flotvik with a jury vote of 5-2.
Dayuma (also Dayumae) (born ca. 1930, - March 1, 2014) was a member of the Huaorani tribe and a citizen of Ecuador.
 She is a central figure in the Operation Auca saga, in that she was the first Huao convert to Christianity, as well as the missionaries' key to unlocking the Huaorani language, a language that had not been previously studied.
 Later Dayuma also became an influential figure in her tribe.
The Anthophorini are a large tribe in the subfamily Apinae of the family Apidae.
 Species in this tribe are often referred to as digger bees, although this common name is sometimes also applied to members of the tribe Centridini.
 It has over 750 species worldwide that were previously classified in the family Anthophoridae; the vast majority of species are in the genera "Amegilla" and "Anthophora".
Akodontini is the second most speciose rodent tribe of the subfamily Sigmodontinae.
 It includes at least 106 living species in 19 genera and is distributed mainly in the southern half of South America, with only two genera extending into Guyana ("Podoxymys") and Venezuela ("Necromys").
 It also includes genera previously placed in tribe Scapteromyini.
 The following genera are now generally recognized:
William James Young (September 9, 1881 – December 5, 1957) was the head coach for the William & Mary Tribe men's basketball team from 1911–1913.
 He led the Tribe to a 10–6 record during his two-year tenure.
 Young was also the head coach of William & Mary's football team for two seasons, 1911 and 1912.
 He went 1–12–2 during that time.
 Young went on to serve as athletics director at the University of Maine in 1917.
 He had previously attained his M.D. at the University of Pennsylvania.
Nesoryzomys is a genus of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae, endemic to the Galápagos Islands.
 Other rodents restricted to the Galápagos include "Megaoryzomys curioi" and "Aegialomys galapagoensis".
