Sega Visions was a video game magazine focusing on games made for Sega video game machines such as Sega Master System, Game Gear, Genesis, and Sega CD.
 It was created by Sega and was initially published by The Communique Group.
 In 1992, Infotainment World (who also published the popular game magazine GamePro) took over publishing for the rest of its lifespan.
 The Editor in Chief for Issues 8 through 17 was Nic Lavroff.
 For Issues 18 through 25 the Editor in Chief was Kurt Busch.
 Its premiere issue in June/July 1990 was sent free to registered Master System and Genesis owners.
 The magazine had a rather sporadic release schedule, some issues being two months apart, others four months.
 Sega Visions ended its run after 25 issues with its September 1995 issue being the last published.
 No where in the magazine was there any reference made to it being the final issue and text in a caption told the reader to check out the next issue of Sega Visions for more information on mind-blowing theme parks featuring Sega games.
Cathleen "Cathy" Scott (born 1950s in San Diego, California) is a "Los Angeles Times" bestselling American true-crime writer and investigative journalist best known for penning the biographies and true crime books "The Killing of Tupac Shakur" and "The Murder of Biggie Smalls", both bestsellers in the United States and United Kingdom.
 She grew up in La Mesa, California and later moved to Mission Beach, California, where she was a single parent to a son, Raymond Somers Jr.
 Her hip-hop books are based on the drive-by shootings that killed the rappers six months apart in the midst of what has been called the West Coast-East Coast war.
 Each book is dedicated to the rappers' mothers.
Glowworm is the name of two unrelated fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 Though created only a few months apart, they have little in common except the name.
Johan Mjällby (] ; born 9 February 1971) is a Swedish football manager and former player, currently in charge as manager of Västerås SK.
 He made his debut for the national team in 1997, and played 49 matches scoring 4 goals as a centre back.
 Mjällby was the team captain during the 2002 World Cup.
 He also took part in Euro 2000 and Euro 2004.
 He was most recently the assistant manager of Bolton Wanderers, working alongside former Celtic team-mate and manager Neil Lennon.
Gary Madine (born 24 August 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Bolton Wanderers.
 A striker, he began his career with Carlisle United, where he made his first team debut in 2007.
 He was sent out on loan in 2009, first with Rochdale and then Coventry City before joining Chesterfield in 2010 on loan.
 He signed a permanent contract with Sheffield Wednesday in January 2011 for an undisclosed fee.
 In October 2013 he was sent to prison for 18 months having been found guilty of two charges of assault.
 He was released by Sheffield Wednesday at the end of the 2014–15 season.
 After this manager Neil Lennon signed him at Bolton Wanderers, where Madine still plays.
Urethrorrhagia refers to urethral bleeding in the absence of urine associated with dysuria and blood spots on underwear after voiding.
 This condition, which often occurs in prepubertal boys at intervals several months apart over a period of many years, has a benign self-limited course.
 Radiological studies as well as endoscopic procedures are unnecessary in the early management of these patients thus being relegated to recurrent or persistent bleeding.
Daniel "Danny" Driscoll also known by his alias George Wallace (1855 – January 23, 1888) was an American criminal and co-leader of the Whyos with Danny Lyons.
 The two held joint control over the street gang following the death of Mike McGloin in 1883; however, both men were executed for separate murders only months apart from each other.
 They were the last powerful leaders of the organization and, following their downfall, the Whyos were eventually replaced by the Eastman and Five Points Gangs.
The Residential Drug Abuse Program (RDAP) is an intensive nine-month, 500-hour substance abuse rehabilitation program administered by the United States Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP), offered to federal prisoners who qualify and voluntarily elect to enroll.
 Upon successful completion of the program, prisoners who meet the necessary criteria are eligible for up to a 12-month reduction of their sentence and possibly six months in a halfway house depending on how many months they have left on their sentence.
 Due to the high demand and insufficient spots, inmates are placed on a waiting list typically when they have 12 months or less time left on their sentence and are accepted when there is an opening.
 This is part of the reason why inmates receive different amounts of time off their sentences.
 For example, if an inmate has waited for a slot until he has 12 months left and the program is six months long, then he only receives six months off his sentence and so forth.
 Michael Vick was rumored to have entered the program while serving out his sentence at the United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas.
The 2010–11 season was the 122nd season of competitive football by Celtic.
 New manager Neil Lennon made considerable changes to the Celtic team for the 2010-11 season.
 He sold Aiden McGeady for a then Scottish record £9.5 million along with captain Stephen McManus and fan favourite Artur Boruc.
 13 other players also left the club, this gave Lennon enough funds to re-build for the new season.
 He looked to sign talented, young, cheap, relatively unknown players, from smaller leagues around the world.
 This paid off with players such as Gary Hooper, Beram Kayal and Emilio Izaguirre all having excellent seasons and earning many plaudits.
 Lennon also signed several experienced players on free transfers.
 Charlie Mulgrew, Joe Ledley, and Daniel Majstorović all went into the first team.
 In addition to these Lennon also signed five other players, including Fraser Forster on loan from Newcastle who became first choice 'keeper and helped set a new SPL record for most clean sheets.
They were charged with sending parcel bombs to several people associated with Celtic F.C., including their manager Neil Lennon, former MSP Trish Godman, senior lawyer Paul McBride and Cairde na hÉireann, an Irish republican group.
