Google Play Newsstand is a news aggregator and digital newsstand service operated by Google.
 Launched in November 2013 through the merger of Google Play Magazines and Google Currents, the service lets users subscribe to magazines (in select countries) and topical news feeds, receiving new issues and updates automatically.
 Content can be read on a dedicated Newsstand section of the Google Play website or through the mobile apps for Android and iOS.
 Offline download and reading is supported on the mobile apps.
Jewish Currents is a progressive, secular Jewish quarterly magazine that carries on the insurgent tradition of the Jewish left through independent journalism, political commentary, and a "countercultural" approach to Jewish arts and literature.
The negation of the Diaspora (Hebrew: שלילת הגלות‎ ‎ , "shlilat ha'galut", or Hebrew: שלילת הגולה‎ ‎ , "shlilat ha'golah") is a central assumption in many currents of Zionism.
 The concept encourages the dedication to Zionism and it is used to justify the denial of the feasibility of Jewish emancipation in the Diaspora.
 Life in the Diaspora would either lead to discrimination and persecution or to national decadence and assimilation.
 A more moderate formulation says that the Jews as a people have no future without a "spiritual center" in the Land of Israel.
Morris U. Schappes (pronounced "SHAP-pess", born Moishe Shapshilevich; 1907–2004) was an American educator, writer, radical political activist, historian, and magazine editor.
 Schappes is best remembered for a 1941 perjury conviction obtained in association with testimony before the Rapp-Coudert Committee investigating Communism in education in New York, and as the long-time editor of the radical magazine "Jewish Currents."
Wandering Stars is an anthology of Jewish fantasy and science fiction, edited by American writer Jack Dann, originally published by Harper & Row in 1974.
 It represented, according to the book cover, "the first time in science fiction that the Jew - and the richness of his themes and particular points of view -- will appear without a mask."
 In his introduction, "Why Me?"
, Isaac Asimov discussed how many Jewish science fiction writers prior to that time had used gentile pen names in order to get published: "Many of the Jewish pulp writers, however, used pen names as a matter of sound business.
 A story entitled "War Gods of the Oyster-Men of Deneb" did not carry conviction if it was written by someone named Chaim Itzkowitz."
 He then goes on to discuss the pen names of various Jewish writers included in this book.
 "Wandering Stars" is therefore of historical significance as the first science fiction anthology where Jewish writers openly identified themselves as such.
 It was followed by a second anthology, "More Wandering Stars", also edited by Jack Dann, published by Doubleday in 1981.
Antun Gustav Matoš (] ; 13 June 1873 – 17 March 1914) was a Croatian poet, short story writer, journalist, essayist and travelogue writer.
 He is considered the champion of Croatian modernist literature, opening Croatia to the currents of European modernism.
Nuevo Mundo Israelita (NMI) is a Jewish newspaper published weekly in Caracas, Venezuela.
 Founded in 1943 by Moisés Sananes with the name "El Mundo Israelita".
 In 1973, the main Venezuelan Jewish institutions decided to merge it with the monthly "Unión" and the magazines "Maguén" and "Menorá" to create a new institutional and official weekly, "Nuevo Mundo Israelita".
 It is distributed freely to the Venezuelan Jewish community, and also to journalists and intellectuals in the Venezuelan society.
 It publishes articles written by its own journalists and collaborators, opinion notes, community news and articles of religious interest.
 Also employs or translates into Spanish articles originally published in other international Jewish media including "Aurora", "Haaretz", "The Jerusalem Post", "The Times of Israel", "Israel Hayom", "Iton Gadol", "Tribuna Judía", "Yediot Aharonot", etc.
Erica Brown (born September 7, 1966) is an American Jewish writer and educator who lectures widely on subjects of Jewish interest and is scholar-in-residence for the Jewish Federation of Greater Washington, and a consultant to other Jewish organizations.
 Her "Weekly Jewish Wisdom" column has appeared regularly in "The Washington Post".
Whit Burnett (1900–1972) was an American writer and writing teacher who founded and edited the literary magazine "Story".
 In the 1940s, "Story" was an important magazine in that it published the first or early works of many writers who went on to become major authors.
 Not only did Burnett prove to be a valuable literary birddog for new talent, but "Story" remained a respectable though low-paying (typically $25 per story) alternative for stories rejected by the large-circulation slick magazines published on glossy paper like "Collier's" or "The Saturday Evening Post" or the somewhat more prestigious and literary slick magazines such as "The New Yorker".
 While "Story" paid poorly compared to the slicks and even the pulps and successor digest-sized magazines of its day, it paid better than most of, and had similar cachet to, the university-based and the other independent "little magazines" of its era.
Janice Eidus is an American writer living in New York City.
 Her novels include The War of the Rosens, The Last Jewish Virgin and Urban Bliss.
 She's twice won the O.Henry Prize for Fiction, as well as a Pushcart Prize.
 Other awards include The Acker Award for Achievement, an Independent Book Award, and The Firecracker Award given by the Community of Literary Magazines & Presses.
 She's taught at such universities as Carlow University, the University of New Orleans, and The New School and at writers' conferences all over the world, including The Writers Workshop of San Miguel de Allende, Mexico, Sanibel Island Writers Conference and the Chautauqua Writers Conference.
 She is also a private writing coach.
 Her fiction and nonfiction appear in such anthologies as How Does That Make You Feel: True Confessions From Both Sides of the Therapy Couch, The Oxford Book of Jewish Stories, 110 Stories: New York Writes After September 11, Common Boundary: An Anthology About Immigration and International Adoption, Dirt: Writers on the Quirks, Habits, and Passions of Keeping House and Desire: Women Write About Wanting.
 Her essays often appear in Purpleclover.com.
