The UC San Diego Tritons are the athletic sports teams for the University of California San Diego.
 UC San Diego has 23 varsity sports teams and offers student participation in a wide range of sports including swimming, water polo, soccer, volleyball, crew, track and field, fencing, basketball, golf, cross country, softball, baseball, and tennis.
 UC San Diego participates at the NCAA's Division II (DII) level in the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA), although water polo, fencing, and men's volleyball compete at the Division I level.
 Since their move to Division II starting in the 2000–01 season, UCSD has placed in the top 5 in the Division II NACDA Directors' Cup standings five times, including two 2nd-place finishes.
 NCSA Athletic Recruiting has ranked the Tritons as the nation's top Division II program for eight consecutive years.
 In May 2016, UCSD students voted to transition all sports teams to the NCAA Division I level.
The Colorado Buffaloes are the athletic teams that represent the University of Colorado Boulder.
 The university sponsors 17 varsity sports teams.
 Both the men's and women's teams are called the Buffaloes (Buffs for short) or, rarely, the Golden Buffaloes.
 "Lady Buffs" referred to the women's teams beginning in the 1970s, but was officially dropped in 1993.
 The nickname was selected by the campus newspaper in a contest with a $5 prize in 1934 won by Andrew Dickson of Boulder.
 The university participates as a member of the Pac-12 Conference at the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) level.
 Rick George was announced as the sixth athletic director in program history on July 17, 2013, following the resignation of Mike Bohn, and after an interim appointment by former Women's Basketball Head Coach and current senior associate athletic director and senior women's administrator Ceal Barry.
 Colorado has won 28 national championships in its history, with 20 in skiing, including 2015.
 It was ranked #14 of "America's Best Sports College" in a 2002 analysis performed by "Sports Illustrated."
 The University has no men's baseball, tennis, soccer, lacrosse, or volleyball programs.
NYU Violets is the nickname of the sports teams and other competitive teams at New York University.
 The school colors are purple and white.
 Although officially known as the Violets, the school mascot is a bobcat.
 The Violets compete as a member of NCAA Division III in the University Athletic Association conference.
 The university sponsors 23 varsity sports, as well as club teams and intramural sports.
Jon Gott (born October 2, 1985) is a Canadian football offensive lineman for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
 He was drafted by the Calgary Stampeders in the fifth round of the 2008 CFL Draft.
 He played five seasons for the Stampeders before being traded to the RedBlacks for the rights to Marwan Hage and the first overall pick in the 2014 CFL Draft.
 He played college football for the Boise State Broncos.
The Miami Hurricanes (known informally as UM or UMiami or The U) are the varsity sports teams of the University of Miami, located in the Coral Gables suburb of Miami, Florida.
 They compete in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
 The university fields 15 athletic teams for 17 varsity sports.
 Men's teams compete in baseball, basketball, cross-country, diving, football, tennis, and track and field.
 Women's teams compete in basketball, cross-country, swimming and diving, golf, rowing, soccer, tennis, track and field, and volleyball.
 UM has approximately equal participation by male and female varsity athletes in these sports.
The Michigan State Spartans are the athletic teams that represent Michigan State University.
 The school's athletic program includes 25 varsity sports teams.
 Their mascot is a Spartan warrior named Sparty, and the school colors are green and white.
 The university participates in the NCAA's Division I and the Football Bowl Subdivision for football.
 The Spartans participate as members of the Big Ten Conference in all varsity sports.
 Michigan State offers 12 varsity sports for men and 13 for women.
Marwan Hage (Arabic: مروان حاج‎ ‎ , "Marwān Ḥāja") (born September 14, 1981) is a former offensive lineman who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
 Hage played college football for the Colorado Buffaloes.
 He emigrated from Beirut, Lebanon to Montreal in 1990.
 Participated in the Jacksonville Jaguars' 2004 training camp.
 During his retirement announcement in 2014, Hage revealed that he would become the owner of two Tim Hortons franchises in Toronto, Ontario.
The Cornell Big Red is the informal name of the sports teams, and other competitive teams, at Cornell University.
 The university sponsors 36 varsity sports, as well as numerous intramural and club teams.
 Cornell participates in NCAA Division I as part of the Ivy League.
 The men's and women's ice hockey teams compete in the ECAC Hockey League.
 Additionally, teams compete in the National Intercollegiate Women's Fencing Association, the Collegiate Sprint Football League, the Eastern Association of Rowing Colleges (EARC), the Eastern Association of Women's Rowing Colleges (EAWRC), the Middle Atlantic Intercollegiate Sailing Association, and the Eastern Intercollegiate Wrestling Association (EIWA).
The Charleston Cougars are the varsity intercollegiate athletic teams representing the College of Charleston in Charleston, South Carolina.
 The Cougars compete in NCAA Division I and are currently members of the Colonial Athletic Association.
 The university sponsors 20 varsity sports teams including men and women's basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and tennis; women's-only dance team, equestrian, beach volleyball, softball, track and field and volleyball; men's-only baseball; and co-ed sailing and cheerleading.
 The university's most successful sports are co-ed sailing, which has won 14 national championships since 1986, women's volleyball, which has qualified for the NCAA Tournament seven times since 2002 and men's baseball, which has qualified for the NCAA Tournament seven times since 2004.
The Kutztown Golden Bears are the sports teams that represent Kutztown University of Pennsylvania, located in Kutztown, Pennsylvania.
 Kutztown University is a member of NCAA Division II and competes in the Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference (PSAC).
 The university sponsors eight men's and thirteen women's intercollegiate sports.
 In 2007–08, Kutztown University added Women's Lacrosse and Women's Bowling to the list of varsity sports that it offers.
