Kenneth Posner is an American theatrical lighting designer, working on Broadway, Off-Broadway, and in American regional theatre.
 His most notable designs include the musicals "Wicked" and "Hairspray", two highly regarded musicals of the early 21st century.
 He has been nominated for the Tony Award for Best Lighting Design 10 times, including nods for "Merchant of Venice" (2011), "The Coast of Utopia" (2007), "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" (2005), "Wicked" (2004), "Hairspray" (2003), and "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" (2001).
 He has also been nominated 10 times for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lighting Design, and won both the Tony and Drama Desk award in 2007 for "The Coast of Utopia".
 He also has received an Obie Award for Sustained Excellence in Lighting.
 He also designed the lights for "Little Women".
The Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Solo Performance is an annual award presented by Drama Desk in recognition of achievements in the theatre among Broadway, Off Broadway and Off-Off Broadway productions.
 The category was first presented at the 1984 ceremony, when it was known as the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding One-Person Show.
 The award has been known by its current name since 1999.
Open Admissions is a play in two acts by Shirley Lauro that premiered in 1982 at the Long Wharf Theatre under the direction of Arvin Brown.
 The play had its Broadway debut on January 29, 1984 at the Music Box Theatre where it ran for a total of 17 performances.
 The Broadway production starred Calvin Levels as Calvin Jefferson, Marilyn Rockafellow as Ginny Carlsen, Nan-Lynn Nelson as Salina Jones, Pam Potillo as Georgia Jones, and Sloane Shelton as Professor Clare Block.
 The play depicts the travails of a professor at a second-rate college, including an unsupportive husband.
 Levels won a Theatre World Award and was nominated for both a Tony Award and Drama Desk Award for his performance.
 Rockafellow also received a Drama Desk Award nomination.
 On Broadway, "Open Admissions" received a Theatre World Award, The Dramatists Guild Hull-Warriner Award.
Gerard Alessandrini (born November 27, 1953) is an American playwright, parodist, actor and theatre director best known for creating the award-winning off-Broadway musical theatre parody revue "Forbidden Broadway".
 He is the recipient of Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre, an Obie Award, four Drama Desk Awards (including the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics and the Drama Desk Special Award), an Outer Critics Circle Award, and two Lucille Lortel Awards, as well as the Drama League Award for Lifetime Achievement in Musical Theatre.
Brad Alexander (born February 2, 1971) is an American songwriter and musical theater composer, most notably of the musical "See Rock City & Other Destinations", which won the 2011 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Book of a Musical, the Richard Rodgers Award and the BMI Foundation’s Jerry Bock Award.
 He wrote the music and orchestrations for Theatreworks USA’s "Click, Clack, Moo", which premiered Off-Broadway at the Lucille Lortel Theater and received a Drama Desk Award nomination for Outstanding Lyrics and Lucille Lortel Award nominations for Outstanding Choreographer, Outstanding Lyrics and Outstanding Musical.
 His songs have been featured on Sony Records, Select Records, Showtime’s The L Word, VH1's “Celebreality” campaign, Sirius XM Radio and web series Submissions Only.
 He is a member of the Songwriters Hall of Fame, National Alliance for Musical Theatre, Dramatists Guild of America and member Emeritus of The BMI Lehman Engel Musical Theatre Workshop.
 He is married to actress and writer Jill Abramovitz.
This is a list of winners of the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director introduced in 1955 to honour directors of plays and directors of musicals.
 From 1968, multiple awards were presented for each season.
 In 1975 the category was retired and divided into Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Play and Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Musical, with each discipline receiving its own.
Nick Cordero is a Canadian actor.
 He appeared on Broadway in 2014 in the musical "Bullets Over Broadway" in the role of Cheech, for which he was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical.
 He won the Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical and a Theater World Award for the role.
 He originated the title role in the Off-Broadway production of "The Toxic Avenger".
 He also played the role of Dennis in "Rock of Ages" on Broadway in 2012 and on tour.
 In March 2016, he joined the Broadway production of "Waitress", playing the role of Earl.
 He left "Waitress" to join the Broadway premier of the musical "A Bronx Tale", as "Sonny" at the Longacre Theatre starting on November 3, 2016.
Grease: The New Broadway Cast Recording is the cast album for the 2007 Broadway production of the hit musical, "Grease".
 The show, directed by Tony Award-winner Kathleen Marshall, played at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre in New York City.
 This recording features performances from the cast of "Grease" including Jenny Powers, Matthew Saldivar, and "" winners, Laura Osnes and Max Crumm as Sandy Dumbrowski and Danny Zuko, respectively.
Laura Ann Osnes (born November 19, 1985) is an American actress and singer known for her work on the Broadway stage.
 She has played starring roles in "Grease" as Sandy, "South Pacific" as Nellie Forbush, "Anything Goes" as Hope Harcourt, and "Bonnie and Clyde" as Bonnie Parker, for which she received a Tony Award nomination for Best Actress in a Musical.
 She also starred in the title role of Rodgers & Hammerstein's "Cinderella" on Broadway, for which she received a Drama Desk Award and her second Tony Award nomination for Best Actress in a Musical.
9 to 5: The Musical is a musical based on the 1980 movie of the same name, with music and lyrics by Dolly Parton.
 It features a book by Patricia Resnick, based on the screenplay by Resnick and Colin Higgins.
 The musical premiered in Los Angeles in September 2008, and opened on Broadway in April 2009.
 It received 15 Drama Desk Award nominations, the most received by a production in a single year, as well as four Tony Awards nominations.
 The Broadway production however was short-lived, closing in September 2009.
 A national tour of the US launched in 2010, followed by a UK premiere in 2012 and returns to the UK in 2017 in a new production at The Gatehouse in London with a West End cast, as part of a fringe festival.
