Wilfred Barber, known as Wilf Barber (18 April 1901 – 10 September 1968), was a professional first-class cricketer who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1926 to 1947.
 He played two Test matches for England in 1935 against South Africa.
 An opening batsman with an excellent batting technique, Barber often batted in the middle order.
 He scored 16,402 runs in first-class cricket at an average of 34.28 with 29 centuries.
 Barber made his debut in 1926 and made several appearances over the next few seasons.
 Despite a sound defence, Barber did not secure a regular first team place until 1932.
 He scored a thousand runs for the first time that season, a feat he was to achieve eight times, while he scored over 2,000 runs in 1935.
 Until the Second World War broke out, Barber continued as a regular member of the Yorkshire side.
 After the war, he played one more full season before retiring in 1947.
 His career continued in club cricket and he went on to coach local sides before his death in 1968.
Due to their decision to continue "The X-Files" television series and try to appeal to a new generation of viewers, the production personnel knew from the beginning of season 8 that they were going to introduce another female character who would be a believer, as departing character Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) had been a believer.
 However, the writers wanted a different kind of believer character to contrast with the sceptical nature of John Doggett, who had already been established.
 The writers were required to create a character who was unlike any of the preconceived main characters that were a part of the series.
 This female character was initially named Karen Miller and then Jane Jones before the name "Monica Reyes" was decided upon, named after a friend of series creator Chris Carter's acquaintance who had an art gallery in Vancouver.
Paul Moody (born 13 June 1967) is an English former football forward.
 Moody was signed by Southampton from non league Waterlooville in August 1991.
 After failing to secure regular first team football at Saints, Moody joined Oxford initially on loan in Feb 1994 and permanent deal was secured soon after.
 Moody became a fans favourite at the Manor Ground.
 Fulham signed Moody the summer of 1997 to spearhead the promotion push required by Mohammed Al Fayed.
 Moody remained at Craven Cottage until the summer of 1999.
 During his time at Fulham he suffered a broken leg but scored a hatrick on his return to the first team as Fulham celebrated winning the Division 2 title.
 Moody was signed by London neighbours Millwall in June 1999 for £150,000.
 Moody became a fans favourite in his 2 years at the Den due his uncompromising style of play.
 Moody formed a lethal partnership with Neil Harris and won yet another Division 2 title with the Lions.
 In September 2001 Moody returned to Oxford, initially on loan but a £150,000 fee was agreed a week later for a permanent deal.
 After an initially bright start at Oxford things began to deteriorate due to results and change of manager Moody left in the summer of 2002 and joined Isthmian League side Aldershot Town.
Zelena, also known as the Wicked Witch of the West, is a fictional character in ABC's television series "Once Upon a Time".
 She is portrayed by Rebecca Mader and was first introduced in the second half of the third season, serving as the new main antagonist.
 After making recurring appearances in both the third and fourth seasons, Mader was promoted to series regular for the fifth and sixth seasons and was the fifth season's secondary antagonist in the first half.
Lionel Luthor is a fictional character portrayed by John Glover in the television series "Smallville".
 The character was initially a recurring guest in season one, and became a series regular in season two and continued until being written out of the show in season seven.
 The character returned to the show in season ten again as a recurring guest role as a parallel universe (Earth-2) version of the character.
 In "Smallville", Lionel Luthor is the father of Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum), and founder and CEO of LuthorCorp.
 Lex Luthor's father was first introduced in "Superman" comics by Jerry Siegel in 1961 and has since appeared in other Superman-related media under different names.
 "Smallville" is the first appearance in which the character has been an intricate part of a Superman adaptation.
 Series developers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar created Lionel Luthor for "Smallville" to provide an antithesis to the parenting style of Jonathan Kent (John Schneider) and Martha Kent (Annette O'Toole).
Russell Crossley (born 25 June 1927) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Liverpool in The Football League.
 Crossley came to Liverpool's attention while he was playing for the army and signed for the club in 1950.
 Crossley was never the regular first choice keeper while he was at Liverpool, he was in and out of the side during his time at the club.
 Out of the goalkeepers in the club's history Crossley has the worst average of conceding goals.
 During his time at the club he conceded 138 goals in 73 matches, which equates to 1.89 goals a game.
Root After and Another (styled as "√after and another") is a Japanese adult visual novel by Makura which was released on October 26, 2007 for the PC as a DVD in limited and regular first editions.
 "Root After and Another" is Makura's second game and is the sequel to their first game "".
 The gameplay in "Root After and Another" follows a plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the six female main characters with playable routes.
 The game's scenario was ranked 17th and the music was ranked 25th in Getchu.com's 2007 ranking.
Roy Reid Leslie (August 23, 1894 – April 9, 1972) was a Major League Baseball first baseman.
 He played during three major league seasons for three teams, including a stint as the regular first baseman for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1922 .
The 1995 CFL Draft composed of seven rounds and 55 Canadian football players that were chosen from eligible Canadian universities as well as Canadian players playing in the NCAA.
 The first eight picks of the draft were part of a "bonus round" awarded to teams who had complied with the Competitive Expenditure Cap.
 The following round, consisting of picks 9-16, was the regular first round of the draft.
The fifth season of the American ABC fantasy-drama "Once Upon a Time" was ordered on May 7, 2015.
 It began airing on September 27, 2015, and ended on May 15, 2016.
 On June 9, 2015, the promotion of Rebecca Mader and Sean Maguire to series regulars was announced for the fifth season, portraying their characters Zelena / Wicked Witch of the West and Robin Hood, respectively, while a few days later, Michael Socha was confirmed to not be returning as a series regular as Will Scarlet / Knave of Hearts.
 The fifth season also saw the series reach its 100th episode, which aired on March 6, 2016 as the mid-season premiere.
