King Henry's Drive tram stop is a light rail stop serving the Betchworth Way residential area of New Addington, in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London.
 It is located in the wide central reservation of a dual carriageway.
St Paul's tram stop is a tram stop serving nearby St Paul's Square, Birmingham, England.
 It was opened on 31 May 1999 on the Midland Metro Line 1.
 The stop is a short distance west of Birmingham Snow Hill station, which is visible from the stop.
 Pedestrian access is via Constitution Hill.
Fieldway tram stop is a light rail stop serving the Fieldway residential area of New Addington, in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London.
 It is adjacent to a northbound bus stop on the A2022 Lodge Lane.
New Addington is a terminal tram stop serving the centre of New Addington, in the London Borough of Croydon, in the southern suburbs of London.
 The tram stop is served by Tramlink route 3, which connects New Addington with Wimbledon via central Croydon.
Krnjača Bridge railway station is a railway stop serving the outskirts of Krnjača settlement in Palilula municipality of Belgrade, Serbia.
Ashton-under-Lyne is a tram stop serving Ashton-under-Lyne on Greater Manchester's light rail Metrolink system, it is the terminus of the system's East Manchester Line (EML).
 The stop was built as part of Phase 3b of the network's expansion, and opened on 9 October 2013, ahead of the originally-publicised schedule of the winter of 2013–14.
 It is located beside Ashton-under-Lyne bus station, and a few minutes walk away from Ashton-under-Lyne railway station, forming an Ashton travel hub.
Alex Clark is a British literary journalist and editor who has written for "The Guardian", "The Observer" and the "Times Literary Supplement".
 She also hosts the Vintage Podcast about books.
Michael Corbett "Mickey" Shea is a fictional character who features prominently in the novel, "The Godfather Returns".
 He is loosely based on former Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy, the father of President John F. Kennedy, Attorney General and US Senator Robert F. Kennedy and US Senator Ted Kennedy.
Gravel Hill tram stop is a light rail stop serving Addington, in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London.
 It is the main destination for tourists visiting the historic site of Addington Palace.
 It is also used by students who attend John Ruskin College and is the nearest stop for Forestdale.
The Minton-Capehart Federal Building is a United States federal building in Indianapolis, Indiana.
 It is named for former US Senator and US Supreme Court Justice Sherman Minton and former US Senator Homer E. Capehart.
 It is most famous for the "Color Fuses" mural by architect Milton Glaser that wraps around the entire ground floor.
