Robert Francis Kennedy Jr. (born January 17, 1954) is an American radio host, environmental activist, author and attorney specializing in environmental law.
 He is an Irish American, son of Robert Francis "Bobby" Kennedy and the nephew of former U.S. President John F. Kennedy.
 Kennedy is President of the Board of Waterkeeper Alliance, a non-profit organization focused on grass-roots efforts to protect and enhance waterways worldwide.
 He currently co-hosts "Ring of Fire", a nationally syndicated American radio program.
 Kennedy has written or edited ten books, including two New York Times Best Sellers, and three children's books.
Nicola Notari was an Italian cinematographer and film director.
 In 1902 he married actress and screenwriter Elvira Notari, and in 1906 they founded and ran the Naples-based Dora Film company.
 They had three children including the actor Eduardo Notari.
Janet Ayer Fairbank (June 7, 1878 – December 28, 1951) was an American author and suffragette, socially and politically active in Chicago and a champion of progressive causes.
 She attended the University of Chicago and in 1900 married the lawyer Kellogg Fairbank, the son of industrialist N. K. Fairbank.
 They had three children including the operatic singer Janet Fairbank (1903–1947).
Kara Anne Kennedy Allen (February 27, 1960 – September 16, 2011) was a member of the American political dynasty, the Kennedy family.
 She was the oldest of the three children of U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy from Massachusetts and Joan Bennett Kennedy, and a niece of President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy.
The Köprülü family (Turkish: Köprülü ailesi ) was a noble family of Albanian origin in the Ottoman Empire.
 The family provided six grand viziers (including Kara Mustafa Pasha, who was a stepson), with several others becoming high-ranking officers.
 The era during which these grand viziers served is known as the "Köprülü era" of the Ottoman Empire.
Rahmat-un-Nissa (Persian: رحمت النساء بیگم‎ ‎ ) ( 1623 – 1691) better known by her title Nawab Bai, was a secondary wife of the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb.
 Nawab Bai was born a Rajput princess and was the daughter of Rajah Raju of Rajauri.
 She married Aurangzeb in 1638, and bore him three children including, Aurangzeb's eldest son Prince Muhammad Sultan, his second son Prince Muhammad Muazzam, who succeeded his father as Bahadur Shah I.
Sweetune (Hangul: 스윗튠 ) is a South Korean music producer team, originally consisting of Han Jae-ho and Kim Seung-soo, and now including nine other members.
 They have produced many hit songs and albums for Korean pop idols and Japanese idols, including Kara, Rainbow, Infinite, Nine Muses, Boyfriend and Spica.
 Sweetune is known for their 1980s-style synthpop and disco sound.
Anna Kennedy (born March 12, 1960) is well known for setting up schools to provide an improved education and other facilities for special children affected by Asperger Syndrome and Autism.
 She has now expanded her support for these special children including two schools, a college, a respite home and a website with over 50,000 international followers
Navy Wife is a 1956 comedy film directed by Edward Bernds (who also directed "Three Stooges" and "Bowery Boys"), and starring Joan Bennett, Gary Merrill, Shirley Yamaguchi.
 The screenplay was written by Kay Lenard, based on the novel "Mother Sir" by Tats Blain.
 The film was produced by Walter Wanger, who was Bennett's husband in real life.
The Kennedys: After Camelot (also known as "The Kennedys: Decline And Fall") is an American television drama miniseries based on the book "After Camelot: A Personal History of the Kennedy Family 1968 to the Present" by J. Randy Taraborrelli as a follow-up to the 2011 miniseries "The Kennedys".
 Katie Holmes reprised her role as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, while Matthew Perry played Ted Kennedy, Alexander Siddig appeared as Aristotle Onassis and Kristen Hager as Joan Bennett Kennedy, Ted's wife.
 The two part miniseries aired on Reelz on April 2, 2017, and April 9, 2017.
