"Love Without Tragedy / Mother Mary" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her seventh studio album "Unapologetic" (2012).
 She co-wrote the song with its producers Terius Nash and Carlos "Los" McKinney.
 An electro-R&B, Electronica and new wave song, the two songs derive its musical structure from the genres of electronica and new wave.
 Lyrically, "Love Without Tragedy" is love-oriented while in "Mother Mary" the singer makes a confession about a moment in her life which she regrets.
"Russian Roulette" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009).
 It premiered on radio stations worldwide on October 20, 2009 and was released as the album's lead single on October 27 through Def Jam Recordings.
 Written and produced by Ne-Yo and Chuck Harmony, "Russian Roulette" is a pop and R&B ballad that contains dark, morbid, and tense atmospheric elements in its composition.
 Lyrically, the single is about an abusive romantic relationship that ended abruptly.
 Music critics noted the lyrical theme as a response to the domestic violence case between Rihanna and her then-boyfriend, singer Chris Brown.
"Hate That I Love You" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her third studio album, "Good Girl Gone Bad" (2007).
 It features vocals by American singer and songwriter Ne-Yo, who co-wrote the song with its producers StarGate.
 Def Jam Recordings released the song on August 21, 2007, as the third single from "Good Girl Gone Bad".
 A Spanglish version featuring David Bisbal was made available on April 28, 2008.
 "Hate That I Love You" is a mid-tempo R&B song about the power of love, with influences of folk music.
 "Hate That I Love You" received generally positive reviews from critics, many of whom compared it to previous works by Ne-Yo.
"Cold Case Love" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009).
 It was written and produced by The Y's (Justin Timberlake, Robin Tadross and James Fauntleroy II).
 Following Chris Brown's assault on Rihanna, she started working on the sound of her new album.
 Timberlake who co-wrote "Cold Case Love" labeled the sound of Rihanna's new project as a step forward for the singer.
 In February 2010, Rihanna admitted that the song's lyrics are about her complicated relationship with Brown.
"Stupid in Love" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009).
 The song was written by Shaffer Smith, Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen, with production helmed by StarGate.
 Ne-Yo served as the assistant producer.
 It was written two days before Rihanna and then boyfriend Chris Brown's altercation on the night of the 2009 Grammy Awards, which occurred on February 8, 2009.
 The lyrical content, which describes an abusive relationship, led Ne-Yo to describe the song as a "premonition".
Barbadian singer Rihanna has recorded material for her eight studio albums and has collaborated with other artists for duets and featured songs on their respective albums and charity singles.
 After signing a record contract with the Def Jam Recordings in February 2005, Rihanna began to work with producers Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers, who co-wrote and co-produced 12 out of the 15 songs on her 2005 debut album, "Music of the Sun".
 Award-winning songwriter Diane Warren co-wrote the title track, while Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Deniece Williams co-wrote the song "Willing to Wait".
 Sturken and Rogers co-wrote and co-produced 9 songs out of 16 on Rihanna's 2006 album "A Girl like Me".
 The album's lead single "SOS" was written by Evan "Kidd" Bogart and J. R. Rotem.
 It contains a sped-up sample of "Tainted Love", written in 1965 by Ed Cobb, who was credited as a co-writer on "SOS".
"Too Good" is a song by Canadian rapper Drake, recorded for his fourth studio album "Views" (2016).
 It features guest vocals from Barbadian singer Rihanna.
 It samples the dancehall song "Love Yuh Bad" performed by Popcaan.
 The song was released as the fourth single from the album in the UK on May 15, 2016; and serviced to US contemporary hit radio on July 26, 2016, as the fifth single in that market.
 The artists co-wrote the track with its producers Nineteen85, Maneesh Bidaye, and Dwayne Chin-Quee, with additional writing from Andrew Hershey, Andre Sutherland and A. Martin.
"No Love Allowed" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her seventh studio album, "Unapologetic" (2012).
 The singer co-wrote the track together with Sean "Elijah Blake" Fenton, Alexander Izquierdo, Steve Wyreman and Ernest Wilson, who produced it under his production name No I.D..
 Kuk Harrell and Marcos Tovar recorded the song at Record One Studios and Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles and Metropolis Studios in London; Harrell also did the vocal production.
 "No Love Allowed" is a electro-ragga and reggae song with an instrumentation consisting of a bubbly, dubbed-out groove, Caribbean and dubstep beat and loping drumless rhythms.
"Wait Your Turn" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009).
 It was written by Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Saul Milton, Will Kennard, James Fauntleroy II, Takura Tendayi, and Rihanna herself.
 Stargate (Eriksen and Hermansen) and Chase & Status (Milton and Kennard) produced the song.
 "Wait Your Turn" was released on November 13, 2009 as the second international and third overall single from "Rated R".
"Rude Boy" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna, taken from her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009).
 It was released as the album's third single on February 19, 2010, through Def Jam.
 Rihanna co-wrote the song with StarGate, Ester Dean, Makeba Riddick, and Rob Swire, with Swire also co-producing it with StarGate.
 "Rude Boy" is an up-tempo dancehall and R&B song which incorporates elements of raggamuffin.
 The song received mixed to positive reviews from critics; some called it is the highlight of the album, but others criticized Rihanna's "monotone" and "icy" vocal performance.
