The Shaanxi Y-8 or Yunshuji-8 () aircraft is a medium size medium range transport aircraft produced by Shaanxi Aircraft Corporation in China, based on the Soviet Antonov An-12.
 It has become one of China's most popular military and civilian transport/cargo aircraft, with many variants produced and exported.
 Although the An-12 is no longer made in Ukraine, the Chinese Y-8 continues to be upgraded and produced.
 An estimated 169 Y-8 aircraft had been built by 2010.
The Antonov An-12 (Russian: Антонов Ан-12; NATO reporting name: Cub) is a four-engined turboprop transport aircraft designed in the Soviet Union.
 It is the military version of the Antonov An-10 and has many variants.
Military transport aircraft or military cargo aircraft are typically fixed wing and rotary wing cargo aircraft which are used to airlift troops, weapons and other military equipment by a variety of methods to any area of military operations around the surface of the planet, usually outside the commercial flight routes in uncontrolled airspace.
 Originally derived from bombers, military transport aircraft were used for delivering airborne forces during the Second World War and towing military gliders.
 Some military transport aircraft are tasked to perform multi-role duties such as aerial refueling and, rescue missions, tactical, operational and strategic airlifts onto unprepared runways, or those constructed by engineers.
The Mercedes-Benz Zetros is an off-road truck for extreme operations.
 It was first presented at the 2008 Eurosatory defence industry trade show in Paris.
 The Zetros is manufactured at the Mercedes-Benz plant in Wörth, Germany.
 The truck is designed to be compatible with the Hercules C-130 transport and also fits into a standard German railway carriage.
The Antonov An-70 is a four-engine medium-range transport aircraft, and the first large aircraft to be powered by propfan engines.
 It was developed in the late 1980s by the Antonov Design Bureau to replace the obsolete An-12 military transport aircraft.
 However, the dissolution of the Soviet Union prevented the mass production of the type.
 The maiden flight of the first prototype took place on 16 December 1994 in Kiev, now independent Ukraine.
 Within a year the prototype plane had suffered a mid-air collision.
 A second airframe was produced and tests continued but numerous further attempts to start production have been unsuccessful.
The Airbus A400M Atlas is a multi-national, four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft.
 It was designed by Airbus Military (now Airbus Defence and Space) as a tactical airlifter with strategic capabilities to replace older transport aircraft, such as the Transall C-160 and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
 The A400M is positioned, in terms of size, between the C-130 and the C-17; it can carry heavier loads than the C-130, while able to use rough landing strips.
 Along with the transport role, the A400M can perform aerial refuelling and medical evacuation when fitted with appropriate equipment.
The Alenia C-27J Spartan is a military transport aircraft developed and manufactured by Leonardo's Aircraft Division (formerly Alenia Aermacchi until 2016).
 It is an advanced derivative of Alenia Aeronautica's earlier G.222 (C-27A Spartan in U.S. service), equipped with the engines and various other systems also used on the larger Lockheed Martin C-130J Super Hercules.
 In addition to the standard transport configuration, specialized variants of the C-27J have been developed for maritime patrol, search and rescue, C3 ISR (command, control, communications, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance), fire support and electronic warfare and ground-attack missions.
The Ilyushin Il-214 Multi-role Transport Aircraft (MTA) is a medium-airlift military transport aircraft initially planned by the United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) of Russia, and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) of India.
 The two companies began the joint venture in 2009, when it was expected that each would be investing US$300 million in the project.
The Messerschmitt Me 323 "Gigant" ("Giant") was a German military transport aircraft of World War II.
 It was a powered variant of the Me 321 military glider and was the largest land-based transport aircraft of the war.
 A total of 213 are recorded as having been made, a few being converted from the Me 321.
The Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft designed and built originally by Lockheed (now Lockheed Martin).
 Capable of using unprepared runways for takeoffs and landings, the C-130 was originally designed as a troop, medevac, and cargo transport aircraft.
 The versatile airframe has found uses in a variety of other roles, including as a gunship (AC-130), for airborne assault, search and rescue, scientific research support, weather reconnaissance, aerial refueling, maritime patrol, and aerial firefighting.
 It is now the main tactical airlifter for many military forces worldwide.
 Over forty variants and versions of the Hercules, including a civilian one marketed as the Lockheed L-100, operate in more than 60 nations.
