Deadline at Dawn is a 1946 film noir, the only film directed by stage director Harold Clurman.
 It was written by Clifford Odets and based on a novel of the same name by Cornell Woolrich (as William Irish).
 The RKO Pictures film release was the only cinematic collaboration between Clurman and his former Group Theatre associate, screenwriter Odets.
 The director of photography was RKO regular Nicholas Musuraca.
 The musical score was by German refugee composer Hanns Eisler.
Clifford Odets (July 18, 1906 – August 14, 1963) was an American playwright, screenwriter, and director.
 Odets was widely seen as successor to Nobel Prize-winning playwright Eugene O'Neill as O'Neill began to retire from Broadway's commercial pressures and increasing critical backlash in the mid-1930s.
 From early 1935 on, Odets' socially relevant dramas proved extremely influential, particularly for the remainder of the Great Depression.
 Odets' works inspired the next several generations of playwrights, including Arthur Miller, Paddy Chayefsky, Neil Simon, David Mamet, and Jon Robin Baitz.
 After the production of his play "Clash by Night" in the 1941–1942 season, Odets focused his energies on film projects, remaining in Hollywood for the next seven years.
 He began to be eclipsed by such playwrights as Miller, Tennessee Williams and, in 1950, William Inge.
The Big Knife is an American play by Clifford Odets.
 Directed by Lee Strasberg, who had worked with Odets at the Group Theatre, and starring fellow Group Theatre alumnus John Garfield.
 The play debuted at Broadway's National Theatre on 24 February 1949 before closing on May 28th after 109 performances.
 "The Big Knife" marked the return of Odets to Broadway after a six-year hiatus in which he toiled in Hollywood as a screenwriter and motion picture director.
 The play concerns the disillusionment of a movie star with the Hollywood's studio system and disgust with himself, as he has lost his idealism in the pursuit of success.
This is a list of Danish Nobel laureates.
 Since the Nobel Prize was established per the will of Swedish inventor Alfred Nobel in 1895, 12 of the prize winners have been from Denmark.
 The first Danish Nobel laureate was Niels Ryberg Finsen, who won a Nobel Prize for medicine in 1903 for his work in using light therapy to treat diseases.
 The most recent Danish Nobel Prize winner was Jens Skou who won the prize in chemistry for his discovery over the enzyme, Na+/K+-ATPase in 1997.
 To date, of the 13 Nobel Prizes won by Danish people, 5 have been for medicine, 3 have been for physics, 3 have been for literature, 1 has been for chemistry and one has been for peace.
Golden Boy is a drama by Clifford Odets.
 The play was initially produced on Broadway by The Group Theatre in 1937.
 Odets' biggest hit was made into a 1939 film of the same name, starring William Holden in his breakthrough role, and also served as the basis for a 1964 musical with Sammy Davis, Jr..
Wild in the Country is a 1961 American drama film directed by Philip Dunne and starring Elvis Presley, Hope Lange, Tuesday Weld, and Millie Perkins.
 Based on the 1958 novel "The Lost Country" by J. R. Salamanca, the film is about a troubled young man from a dysfunctional family who pursues a literary career.
 The screenplay was written by playwright Clifford Odets.
Paradise Lost is a drama by Clifford Odets that takes place in 1932, during the Depression.
 The play was originally produced on Broadway in 1935, and was also filmed for television and broadcast in 1971.
Archible Ernest "Buck" Houghton (May 4, 1915 – May 14, 1999) was an American television producer and writer best known for producing the first three seasons of "The Twilight Zone", as well as many other television programs from the 1950s through the 1990s.
 His collaboration with dramatist Clifford Odets, "The Richard Boone Show" (1963–64) was the only repertory company on television, in which a resident cast of actors played different roles in a TV play every week.
Menasha Skulnik (May 15, 1890 – June 4, 1970) was a Jewish American actor, primarily known for his roles in Yiddish theater in New York City.
 Skulnik was also popular on radio, playing Uncle David on "The Goldbergs" for 19 years.
 He made many television and Broadway appearances as well, including successful runs in Clifford Odets's "The Flowering Peach" and Harold Rome's "The Zulu and the Zayda".
None but the Lonely Heart is a 1944 American drama romance film which tells the story of a young Cockney drifter who returns home with no ambitions but finds that his family needs him.
 Adapted by Clifford Odets from the novel by Richard Llewellyn and directed by Odets, the movie stars Cary Grant, Ethel Barrymore, and Barry Fitzgerald.
