Space Channel 5 (スペースチャンネル5 , Supēsu Channeru Faibu ) is a music video game developed by United Game Artists under the direction of Tetsuya Mizuguchi and published by Sega.
 During gameplay, the game characters perform a sequence of moves to the beat, such as steps and shots, which the player must reproduce with corresponding button presses.
 The game's theme song, "Mexican Flyer", was composed by Ken Woodman in the 1960s.
 "Space Channel 5" was first released in Japan in 1999 and North America and Europe in 2000 for the Dreamcast; it was later released for the PlayStation 2 in Japan and Europe in 2002 and in North America as Space Channel 5: Special Edition in 2003; and then ported by THQ to the Game Boy Advance as Space Channel 5: Ulala's Cosmic Attack in the same year.
 A sequel, "", was released for Dreamcast (Japan only) and PlayStation 2 (Japan and Europe) in 2002, and on Steam on March 4, 2011.
Canada's Wonderland is a 330 acre theme park located in Vaughan, Ontario, a suburb approximately 40 km north of Downtown Toronto.
 Opened in 1981 by the Taft Broadcasting Company and The Great-West Life Assurance Company as the first major theme park in Canada, it remains the country's largest.
 The park, currently owned by Cedar Fair, has been the most visited seasonal amusement park in North America for several consecutive years.
 As a seasonal park, Canada's Wonderland is open daily from May to September, with weekend openings in late April, October and early November.
 With sixteen roller coasters, Canada's Wonderland is ranked third in the world by number of roller coasters, after Six Flags Magic Mountain (19 coasters) and Cedar Point (17 coasters).
 The 330 acre park includes a 20 acre water park named Splash Works.
 The park holds Halloween Haunt, a Halloween-themed event, each fall, as well as special events throughout the season.
The Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum is a former iron mine, now a heritage museum, located on Euclid Street between Lakeshore Drive and Spruce Street in Ishpeming, Michigan.
 The museum, operated by "Marquette Range Iron Mining Heritage Theme Park Inc.", celebrates the history of the Marquette Iron Range.
 The site was designated a state of Michigan historic site in 1973 and placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Theme Park World, also known as Theme Park 2, and in North America as Sim Theme Park, is a 1999 construction and management simulation game developed by Bullfrog Productions and released by Electronic Arts.
 The direct sequel to "Theme Park" ("Theme Hospital" and "Theme Aquarium" are thematic sequels), the player constructs and manages an amusement park with the aim of making profit and keeping visitors happy.
 Initially developed for Windows, it was ported to PlayStation and PlayStation 2 (whose version was titled Theme Park Roller Coaster in North America), as well for Macintosh computers.
 The Mac version was published by Feral Interactive.
Theme Park Inc. (also known as SimCoaster in the United States and Theme Park Manager in Australia) is a construction and management simulation video game.
 It is the last game of the Theme Park series that started with "Theme Park" in 1994 and continued with "Theme Park World" in 1999.
 "Theme Park Inc." was developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts.
 It was the last game to bear the Bullfrog logo before the company's merger with EA UK in 2004.
South Park is a first-person shooter video game based on the American animated comedy series of the same name.
 The game was developed by Iguana Entertainment and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the Nintendo 64 in 1998 for North America and in 1999 for Europe.
 It was later ported to Microsoft Windows in 1999 and released in North America only.
 The PlayStation port was developed by Appaloosa Interactive in 1999.
 A Game Boy Color version was in development, but it was eventually canceled by Matt Stone and Trey Parker, the creators, because they felt the game wouldn't fit in a console marketed towards kids.
 However, they did keep a few copies of the Game Boy Color version to commemorate what was originally started as the first "South Park" game.
 Despite the Nintendo 64's positive reception, the PC and PlayStation versions of "South Park" were very poorly received by critics.
Tomba!
 2: The Evil Swine Return in North America, Tombi!
 2 in Europe and Tomba!
 The Wild Adventures (トンバ！ ザ・ワイルドアドベンチャー , Tonba!
 Za Wairudo Adobenchā ) in Japan, is a platform video game developed by Whoopee Camp and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation and is the sequel to the 1998 game "Tomba!
".
 The game was released in Japan on October 28, 1999, in North America on December 31, 1999 and in Europe on June 16, 2000.
 The game was re-released on the PlayStation Network as a PSone Classic in Japan on September 28, 2011, in Europe on November 21, 2012 and in North America on February 18, 2014 in Japanese version.
 The English-language version of the game was released on the PlayStation Network in North America on November 5, 2015.
Thrillville: Off the Rails is a theme park simulation video game developed by Frontier Developments, and published by LucasArts.
 It is the sequel to the 2006 game "Thrillville".
 It was released in North America in October 2007.
Star Wars: Jedi Starfighter is a 2002 action video game for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
 developed by LucasArts and published by LucasArts in North America in Europe version published by Activision Blizzard and Japanese version published by Electronic Arts and Squaresoft joint venture Electronic Arts Square.
 Released before "" opened in theatres (for the PS2 only; for the Xbox version was released in North America on May 13, three days before Attack of the Clones screened out of competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival and for Europe released on May 31), it is the sequel to "".
 "Jedi Starfighter" takes place just prior to the events of "Attack of the Clones" and during the Battle of Geonosis.
 the game writing by veteran Star Wars game developer W. Haden Blackman who had created a new video game development company called Hangar 13 a wholly owned subsidiary of 2K Games.
 On November 17, 2015 it was re-released for the PlayStation 4 in North America as part of the "Star Wars Battlefront" limited edition console bundle.
Heritage Square is a Storybook Victorian theme park shopping village at Golden, Colorado.
 It was originally built as Magic Mountain in 1957-59 by a group spearheaded by prominent Wheat Ridge businessman Walter Francis Cobb and Denver sculptor John Calvin Sutton.
 They hired Marco Engineering, Inc., led by original Disneyland vice president C.V. Wood Jr. to build the theme park, the earliest known to have attempted to spread the theme park industry beyond Disneyland.
 Several veteran Hollywood art directors who worked on Disneyland created the design of Magic Mountain, led by MGM veteran Wade B. Rubottom and Disney veteran Dick Kelsey.
 The park is one of the world's foremost and best-preserved examples of Storybook design, a form of architecture translating to real life the stage and cinematic arts.
 Although Magic Mountain collapsed in 1960, it was eventually reopened by Woodmoor Corporation as Heritage Square in 1971.
 Today it features a collection of artisan shops, children's rides, the second alpine slide outside a ski resort in North America, the Heritage Square Music Hall, Rio Golden train, and more.
 Admission is free, and it is open year-round.
 While much of Heritage Square will be closing after the 2015 season, the Victorian Event Center and The Amusement Park, including the Garden Grill and picnic areas, will remain open.
