Brian Basset is an American comic strip artist ("Red and Rover").
 Previously, he worked as an editorial cartoonist for the Seattle Times from 1978 to 1994, as well as being the creator and artist behind the syndicated comic strip "Adam", later changed to "Adam@home" (1984-2009).
Rudolph "Rudy" Andreas Michael Wendelin (1910–2000) was a United States Forest Service employee and the best-known artist behind Smokey Bear.
 Beginning in 1944, Wendelin became the full-time artist for the Smokey Bear campaign.
 He was considered Smokey Bear's "caretaker" until his retirement in 1973.
Kristian Hornsleth (born 1963) is a Danish conceptual artist, who has exhibited in the Stalke Galleri.
 He is the postmodern artist behind the controversial Hornsleth Village Project, wherein 340 Ugandan villagers were paid in livestock to legally change their names to "Hornsleth".
 He is currently working on the Deep Storage Project.
Big Eyes is a 2014 American biographical film directed by Tim Burton, written by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski and starring Amy Adams and Christoph Waltz.
 The film is about the life of American artist Margaret Keane—famous for drawing portraits and paintings with big eyes.
 It follows the story of Margaret and her husband, Walter Keane, who took credit for Margaret's phenomenally successful and popular paintings in the 1950s and 1960s.
 It follows the lawsuit (and trial) between Margaret and Walter, after Margaret reveals she is the real artist behind the big eyes paintings.
Per Aspera Ad Astra is the fourth studio LP by Stars of the Lid.
 It was made in collaboration with artist Jon McCafferty and released on Kranky in 1998.
 Widely known in music circles as the artist behind the cover of R.E.M.'s Green, McCafferty approached Stars of the Lid with a view towards collaboration after working on a series of paintings inspired by the duo's 1995 debut Music for Nitrous Oxide.
 The title is a common Latin phrase translatable as "through hardships, to the stars."
Hajime Ueda (ウエダ ハジメ , UEDA Hajime ) is a Japanese manga artist who created a two-volume adaptation of the Japanese animated OVA series "FLCL", and the original manga "".
 He started his career as a dōjinshi artist, gaining a reputation for his quirky and unique style of art.
 He also does some costume design and sculpting.
 Ueda was also the artist behind the ending theme animation for the Bakemonogatari anime, from the "Monogatari" series of stories.
Samuel "Sam" John Butcher (born January 1, 1939) is an American artist.
 He is mainly known as the artist behind the Precious Moments brand of characters based on American-Christian themes.
 He draws in oil, water-color, acrylic, and mixed-media.
John Collias (June 12, 1918 – March 29, 2017) was a Western American painter, illustrator, and commercial artist.
 Born in Fort Wayne, Indiana, he lived and worked in Boise, Idaho, since the early 1940s and contributed work to the "Idaho Statesman", "Boise Weekly", "Life" Magazine, the "Gowen Field Beacon", the Allen Noble Boise State Athletic Hall of Fame, the College of Idaho Athletic Hall of Fame, and to the books "Sawtooth Tales" by Dick D'Easum and "John Collias: Round About the Boise Valley".
 Collias' prolific work spans a number of genres including portraiture, landscape art, wartime military posters, ad and billboard art.
 He was perhaps best known regionally as the artist behind "A Portrait of A Distinguished Citizen," a weekly portrait feature that ran in the "Idaho Statesman" from 1963 to 1993.
John-Erik Franzén (born 1942) is a Swedish artist, mainly a painter, born in Stockholm, most known for several large paintings portraying cars and motorcycles, as well as being the artist behind the portrait of the royal family of Sweden added to the public exhibition at the castle in Gripsholm in 1985, and original paintings for several stamps also portraying members of the royal family.
Karatholuvu Chandrasekaran Sivasankaran (also known as KC Sivasankaran, Artist Sankar), (born 19 July 1924) is an Indian artist who primarily contributed to the Indian Language magazine, "Chandamama" (also known as "Ambulimama").
 Sankar is the artist behind the signature painting of the "Vikram and Vetala" series, featured in "Chandamama".
 He is the only surviving member of the original Chandamama design team.
 The iconic painting, along with his trade-mark signature that he is now recognized by, was drawn in the 1960s.
 It is one of the thousands he has created for Chandamama.
 For decades, its illustrators defined the looks of the magazine.
 They used line drawings with style influenced by Indian, Oriental, Middle eastern and European artistic traditions.
