James "Jamie" William Hince (born 19 December 1968) is an English guitarist, singer, songwriter, best known as the guitarist for the indie rock duo The Kills.
 He started his musical career in bands called Fiji, Scarfo, and Blyth Power.
 He co-founded The Kills with American singer Alison Mosshart in 2000.
 In The Kills, Hince is known as "Hotel" and Mosshart is known as "VV."
The Kills are a British-American indie rock band formed by American singer Alison Mosshart ("VV") and English guitarist Jamie Hince ("Hotel").
 They are signed to Domino records and their first four albums, "Keep On Your Mean Side", "No Wow", "Midnight Boom", and "Blood Pressures" all reached the UK album chart"." "
Ash & Ice", their fifth and most recent studio album was released on June 3, 2016 and reached the UK Top 20 album chart.
"Magic Man" is a song by the American rock band Heart.
 The single was released in Canada in June of 1975, and in America in 1976, as the second single from the band's debut album, "Dreamboat Annie."
 Written and composed by Ann and Nancy Wilson, the song is sung from the viewpoint of a young girl who is being seduced by an older man (referred to as a Magic Man), much to the chagrin of her mother, who calls and begs the girl to come home.
 In an interview, Ann Wilson revealed that the "Magic Man" was her then boyfriend, band manager Michael Fisher, and that part of the song was an autobiographical tale of the beginnings of their relationship.
Strange Euphoria is a career-spanning box set album by Heart.
 It features several of their hit songs as well as songs by The Lovemongers, solo songs by Ann Wilson and Nancy Wilson, a recording by the pre-Heart group Ann Wilson & The Daybreaks, and previously unreleased demos and live tracks.
 A DVD is also included featuring a 1976 concert at Washington State University for the Pullman, Washington-based KWSU-TV concert series "The Second Ending" in promotion for their debut album "Dreamboat Annie".
Heart is an American rock band that first found success in Canada and later in the United States and worldwide.
 Over the group's four-decade history, it has had three primary lineups, with the constant center of the group since 1973 being sisters Ann Wilson (lead singer) and Nancy Wilson (guitarist).
 Heart rose to fame in the mid-1970s with music influenced by hard rock and heavy metal, as well as folk music.
 Their popularity declined in the early 1980s, but the band enjoyed a comeback starting in 1985 and experienced even greater success with album-oriented rock hits and hard-rock ballads into the 1990s.
Heart is an American rock band that first found success in Canada and later in the United States and worldwide.
 Over the group's four-decade history it has had three primary lineups, with the constant center of the group since 1974 being sisters Ann Wilson (lead singer) and Nancy Wilson (guitarist).
 While it has been referred to as a duo because of the focus on leaders Ann and Nancy Wilson, Heart is a full rock group.
 In its original lineup the band had six members, then five in its second incarnation, and is again at six currently.
Sucker Punch is the soundtrack for the film of the same name.
 It was released on March 22, 2011 by WaterTower Music.
 The album consists of covered songs, mainly by the film's stars.
 Emily Browning sings three songs, and Carla Gugino and Oscar Isaac performs a cover of "Love Is the Drug" as a duet.
 Recording artists Björk, Skunk Anansie, Emilíana Torrini, Queen, Carla Azar, Alison Mosshart and Yoav also have songs on the soundtrack.
Riot City Blues is the eighth studio album by Primal Scream, released on 5 June 2006.
 On this album, Primal Scream leaves its electronic element behind and returns to more traditional rock and roll.
 The album features Will Sergeant (Echo & the Bunnymen) on "When The Bomb Drops" and "Little Death", Warren Ellis (Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Dirty Three) on "Hell's Coming Down" and Alison Mosshart (The Kills) adding vocals to "Dolls (Sweet Rock and Roll)" and "Suicide Sally & Johnny Guitar".
 The debut single, "Country Girl", became the band's highest charting in their career, while the album charted at #5 in the UK. "
Dolls (Sweet Rock and Roll)" and "Sometimes I Feel So Lonely" were also released as singles in 2006.
"Dolls (Sweet Rock and Roll)" (sometimes referred to as "Dolls" or "Dolls (Sweet Rock n Roll)") is a song by Scottish band Primal Scream.
 It was released as the second single from the band's eighth album, "Riot City Blues", on 7 August 2006, and reached number forty on the UK Singles Chart.
 It also features the vocals of Alison Mosshart (VV) from the British/American rock band, The Kills.
The Dead Weather is an American rock supergroup, formed in Nashville, Tennessee in 2009.
 Composed of Alison Mosshart (of The Kills and Discount), Jack White (formerly of The White Stripes and currently of The Raconteurs), Dean Fertita (of Queens of the Stone Age) and Jack Lawrence (of The Raconteurs, The Greenhornes and City and Colour), The Dead Weather debuted at the opening of Third Man Records' Nashville headquarters on March 11, 2009.
 The band performed live for the first time at the event, immediately before releasing their debut single "Hang You from the Heavens".
