Wallaceton is a historic home located at Chesapeake, Virginia.
 The original section was built between 1853 and 1863, as a company store.
 It was expanded after the American Civil War.
 It is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular, Greek Revival style frame dwelling.
 It has flat corner pilasters, a heavy box cornice under the eaves, and a full width front porch.
 Also on the property are a contributing two-room kitchen building and a dairy.
 About 1910, it was relocated approximately 100 feet to the east of the Dismal Swamp Canal to remove it from canal property.
 It was named for John Gallaudet Wallace (1840-1910) a farmer and businessman who fought in the Civil War for the Confederacy, as a Captain of Company C, 61st Virginia Volunteer Infantry Regiment.
Dismal Swamp State Park is a North Carolina state park in Camden County, North Carolina in the United States.
 The park was created as a state natural area in 1974 with the help of The Nature Conservancy, and on July 28, 2007 the NC General Assembly re-designated it as a state park.
 It opened to the public in 2008.
 This marked the first time that public access to Great Dismal Swamp was made possible in North Carolina.
 The park covers 14432 acre of protected land on the North Carolina/Virginia border.
 Park offices are three miles (5 km) south of the border on U.S. Route 17 near South Mills.
 Features of the park include the canal which is used regularly by boaters using the Intracoastal Waterway and several miles of hiking and biking trails.
The Great Dismal Swamp maroons were freed and escaped slaves who inhabited the marshlands of the Great Dismal Swamp in Virginia and North Carolina.
 Although conditions were harsh, research suggests that thousands lived there between about 1700 and the 1860s.
 Harriett Beecher Stowe told the maroon people's story in her 1856 novel "".
 The most significant research on the settlements began in 2002 with a project by Dan Sayers of American University.
The Pennsylvania and Ohio Canal, also known as the P & O Canal, the Cross Cut Canal and the Mahoning Canal was a shipping canal which operated from 1840 until 1877 (though the canal was completely abandoned by 1872).
 It was unique in that it served to connect canals in two states (the Ohio and Erie Canal in Ohio and the Beaver and Erie Canal in Pennsylvania) and was funded by private interests.
Moses Grandy (  1786 - unknown), was an African-American author, abolitionist, and, for more than the first four decades of his life, an enslaved person.
 At eight years of age he became the property of his playmate, James Grandy and two years later he was hired out for work.
 The monies Moses earned were collected and held until James Grandy turned 21.
 Grandy helped build the Great Dismal Swamp Canal and learned how to navigate boats.
 It was that skill that led him to be made commander of several boats that traveled the canal and Pasquotank River, transporting merchandise from Elizabeth City, North Carolina to Norfolk, Virginia.
 The position allowed him to be better fed, shod and dressed.
 Able to keep a portion of his earnings, Grandy arranged to buy his freedom twice and twice his owners kept the money and held him in slavery.
 An arrangement was made for an honorable man to buy him and Grandy earned the money to buy his freedom a third time, this time successfully.
The popular song "Low Bridge, Everybody Down" was written in 1905 by Thomas S. Allen after Erie Canal barge traffic was converted from mule power to engine power, raising the speed of traffic.
 Also known as "Fifteen Years on the Erie Canal", "Fifteen Miles on the Erie Canal", "Erie Canal Song", and "Mule Named Sal", the song memorializes the years from 1825 to 1880 when the mule barges made boomtowns out of Utica, Rome, Syracuse, Rochester, and Buffalo, and transformed New York into the Empire State.
 The tune is sadly nostalgic.
The Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge was created in 1974 to help protect and preserve a portion of the Great Dismal Swamp, a marshy region on the Coastal Plain of southeastern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina between Norfolk, Virginia, and Elizabeth City, North Carolina in the United States.
 It is located in parts of the independent cities of Chesapeake and Suffolk in Virginia, and the counties of Camden, Gates, and Pasquotank in North Carolina.
Erie Canal Lock 52 Complex is a national historic district located at Port Byron and Mentz in Cayuga County, New York.
 The district includes two contributing buildings (the Erie House and the blacksmith shop / mule barn); three contributing engineering structures (Erie Canal Lock 52, culvert, and canal prism of the enlarged Erie Canal); and archaeological sites associated with the canal operations.
 Lock 52 was constructed 1849-1853 as part of the Enlarged Erie Canal program.
 It remained in operation until the rerouting of the canal under the New York State Barge Canal System in 1917.
 The Erie House was built in 1894 and is a two story frame structure that housed a saloon and hotel.
The Beaver and Erie Canal, also known as the Erie Extension Canal, was part of the Pennsylvania Canal system and consisted of three sections: the Beaver Division, the Shenango Division, and the Conneaut Division.
 The canal ran 136 mi north–south near the western edge of the state from the Ohio River to Lake Erie through Beaver County, Lawrence County, Mercer County, Crawford County, and Erie County, Pennsylvania.
The Dismal Swamp Canal is located along the eastern edge of the Great Dismal Swamp in Virginia and North Carolina in the United States.
 It is the oldest continually operating man-made canal in the United States, opened in 1805, and closed in October 2016.
 It is part of the Intracoastal Waterway, an inland route, which parallels the east coast and offers boaters shelter from the Atlantic Ocean from Manasquan Inlet, New Jersey, to Brownsville, Texas.
 The route runs through bays, lakes, rivers, streams, and canals, and includes the Intracoastal Waterway running from Norfolk, Virginia, to the Florida Keys.
