Jeordie Osbourne White (born June 20, 1971), once known professionally as Twiggy Ramirez, shortened to just Twiggy since returning to Marilyn Manson, and sometimes referred to by his real name, is an American musician, mostly known as the bassist and guitarist of the band Marilyn Manson.
 Previously, he was the bassist for A Perfect Circle and a touring member of Nine Inch Nails, and is currently the vocalist for Goon Moon.
 He left Marilyn Manson in 2002, and later rejoined the band in 2008.
 He has been a principal songwriter for the band and has also contributed to some of the Desert Sessions recordings.
 He also currently hosts the Hour Of Goon podcast with fellow musician Fred Sablan, on the Feral Audio network.
Sunstorm is an American AOR musical project, originally featuring lead vocalist Joe Lynn Turner (formerly of Rainbow), bassist/vocalist Dennis Ward, guitarist Uwe Reitenauer, drummer Chris Schmidt, (all members of the band Pink Cream 69) and keyboardist Jochen Weyer.
 The albums also featured artists such as Dann Huff and Jim Peterik as additional songwriters.
 The first album called "Sunstorm" was released in 2006, followed in 2009 by their second album "House Of Dreams".
 "Emotional Fire" is the third release, out in 2012.
Lynn Turner (July 13, 1968 – August 30, 2010), born Julia Lynn Womack, was an American convicted murderer.
 In 1995, her husband, Glenn Turner, died after allegedly being sick with the flu.
 In 2001, the death of what had been described as her common law husband, Randy Thompson, under remarkably similar circumstances, aroused the suspicion of law enforcement.
 After investigation, it was determined by authorities that Lynn Turner had murdered both her husbands by poisoning them with ethylene glycol-based antifreeze.
 She was tried for Glenn Turner's murder in 2004.
 She was found guilty and went to trial again for murdering Randy Thompson in 2007, ultimately being convicted.
 Turner died in prison on August 30, 2010.
 The cause of death was an apparent suicide by toxic overdose of blood pressure medication.
Marilyn Manson is an American rock band formed by singer Marilyn Manson and guitarist Daisy Berkowitz in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in 1989.
 Originally named Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids, they gained a local cult following in South Florida in the early 1990s with their theatrical live performances.
 In 1993, they were the first act signed to Trent Reznor's Nothing Records label.
 Until 1996, the name of each member was created by combining the first name of an iconic female sex symbol and the last name of an iconic serial killer, for example Marilyn Monroe and Charles Manson.
 Their lineup has changed between many of their album releases; the current members of Marilyn Manson are the eponymous lead singer (the only remaining original member), bassist Twiggy Ramirez, guitarists Paul Wiley and Tyler Bates, and drummer Gil Sharone.
Under Cover 2 is the 5th solo album of Joe Lynn Turner released in 1999.
 Just like "Under Cover", the album consists mainly of covers of Turner's favourite artists.
 Due to successful sales of the previous edition, the label asked him to record a follow-up.
 "The Race Is On" is a re-recorded version of a song that appeared on Turner's solo debut album, "Rescue You".
Tom Merlynn (July 26, 1955), is an American singer, Songwriter, Producer, Engineer known for his works with singer Joe Lynn Turner.
 Tom Merlynn has worked on hard rock projects such as Rated X, with Joe Lynn Turner, Carmine Appice, Tony Franklin and Karl Cochran on the Frontiers Record Label.
 Sunstorm (band), the Jan Holberg Project, Tobias Sammett - The Mystery of Time, Doo-wop group The Wizards featuring Joel Katz and many others.
 Tom has also written and produced various Television and Radio Commercials as well as many marketing projects for Thumann's, Inc., Carlstadt, NJ.
Joe Lynn Turner (born Joseph Arthur Mark Linquito, August 2, 1951) is an American singer, guitarist, songwriter, and producer.
 He is known for his work in the hard rock bands Rainbow and Deep Purple.
 During his career, Turner fronted and played guitar with pop rock band Fandango in the late 1970s; and in the early 80s, he became a member of Rainbow, fronting the band and writing songs with guitarist, Ritchie Blackmore and bassist, and producer, Roger Glover.
 After Rainbow had disbanded (the first time) in March 1984, he pursued a solo career, released one album, Rescue You, and then later did session work, singing background vocals for the likes of Billy Joel, Cher, and Michael Bolton.
 On the advice of Bolton, Turner began recording jingles for radio and television.
 Other songs he had composed or through collaboration with songwriters like Desmond Child and Jack Ponti were being recorded and released by international recording artists Jimmy Barnes, Lee Aaron, and Bonfire.
 Turner had a short-lived association with neoclassical metal guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen and then Deep Purple.
 From the mid-1990s, he resumed his solo career, releasing an additional nine studio and two live recordings.
 Turner did other session work, appearing as lead vocalist on tribute albums and working on projects involving various musical groups including progressive rock band Mother's Army; Bulgarian hard rock band Brazen Abbot; funk rock duo Hughes Turner Project; and classic rock/ progressive rock band Rated X.
 In 2006, Frontiers Records approached Turner to become involved with the AOR side project Sunstorm.
 By 2016, four albums under the Sunstorm name had been released.
 That same year, Turner released "The Sessions" via Cleopatra Records featuring a veritable who's who of classic rock royalty as guest musicians, before resuming his seemingly constant touring schedule back in Europe
Emotional Fire is the third album from Sunstorm, an AOR project formed by former Rainbow singer Joe Lynn Turner and featuring members of German rock band Pink Cream 69.
 On "Emotional Fire" Turner pays tribute to his 1980's sessions as a backing vocalist for the likes of Michael Bolton and Cher.
 The album was released on February 28, 2012 by Frontiers Records.
The Battle Rages On... is the fourteenth studio album by the British hard rock band Deep Purple, released in 1993.
 It is the last album recorded with the band's classic Mk II line-up, which reunited for a second time (the first reunion being for 1984's "Perfect Strangers").
 Even though Mike DiMeo was initially chosen as the singer for the album after Joe Lynn Turner was fired, Ian Gillan eventually returned to the band in late 1992 and had to rework much of the material already existing for it, which had been intended for Joe Lynn Turner and DiMeo.
 After his firing, Turner would admit Ritchie Blackmore referred to the album as "The cattle grazes on".
 Blackmore became infuriated at the non-melodic elements and quit mid tour after the show of 17 November in Helsinki, Finland.
 American guitarist Joe Satriani joined Deep Purple as a temporary replacement for the duration of the tour.
 A handful of working tracks written during "The Battle Rages On..." sessions would turn up on subsequent solo releases by Turner, under different titles.
Brian Hugh Warner (born January 5, 1969), known professionally as Marilyn Manson, is an American singer, songwriter, musician, composer, actor, painter, author and former music journalist.
 He is known for his controversial stage personality and image as the lead singer of the band Marilyn Manson, which he co-founded with guitarist Daisy Berkowitz and of which he remains the only constant member.
 His stage name was formed by combining and juxtaposing the names of two American pop cultural icons: actress Marilyn Monroe and cult leader Charles Manson.
