The Goodyear Inflatoplane was an inflatable experimental aircraft made by the Goodyear Aircraft Company, a subsidiary of Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, well known for the Goodyear blimp.
 Although it seemed an improbable project, the finished aircraft proved to be capable of meeting its design objectives, although its sponsor, the United States Army, ultimately cancelled the project when it could not find a "valid military use for an aircraft that could be brought down by a well-aimed bow and arrow".
The Kelly-Springfield Tire Company was an American manufacturer of tires for motor vehicles, it was founded in Springfield, Ohio by Edwin Kelly and Arthur Grant in 1894.
 It was acquired in 1935 by the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, who maintained it as a subsidiary until 1999, when its was integrated into Goodyear North America.
 It continues today as a major brand under Goodyear.
F.A. Seiberling (October 6, 1859 – August 11, 1955) was an American inventor and founder.
 He is most famous for co-founding the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company in 1898 and the Seiberling Rubber Company in 1921.
 He also built Stan Hywet Hall, a Tudor Revival mansion, now a National Historic Landmark and historic house museum in Akron, Ohio.
Goodyear Dunlop Tires Operations, S. A. v. Brown, 564 U.S. 915 (2011) , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that the connection between Goodyear and its subsidiaries with the state of North Carolina was not strong enough to establish general personal jurisdiction over the companies.
 Two 13-year-old boys from North Carolina died as a result of a bus accident outside of Paris.
 The parents of the boys believed the accident was due to a defective tire manufactured by a foreign subsidiary of Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company and sued for damages in a North Carolina state court.
 The foreign subsidiaries asserted that the North Carolina courts lacked jurisdiction over them and moved to dismiss.
 The North Carolina trial court denied the motion and the North Carolina Court of Appeals affirmed.
 The Supreme Court reversed, holding that the foreign subsidiaries lacked a significant connection to North Carolina to warrant general personal jurisdiction.
The British League Riders Championship was an individual motorcycle speedway contest between the top riders (or two riders) with the highest average from each club competing in the British League in the UK, or the top division of the league during the period when it had two or more divisions.
 Similar tournaments had been held before the formation of the British League in 1965, including the Provincial League Riders' Championship, open to riders from the Provincial League.
 The championship has been sponsored by Player's No 10, Skol, Leyland Cars, Gauntlet, Daily Mirror, TNT Sameday and Dunlop
Dunlop is a brand of tyres owned by various companies around the world.
 Founded by pneumatic tyre pioneer John Boyd Dunlop in Birmingham, England in 1889, it is owned and operated by Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company in North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
 In India the brand is owned by Dunlop India Ltd. whose parent company is the Ruia Group.
 In Asia (Japan, China, Indonesia, Thailand and Russia), Africa and Latin America (except Mexico) by Sumitomo Rubber Industries.
Ray P. Dinsmore was an internationally recognized rubber scientist, known for pioneering the use of rayon as a reinforcing material in auto tires.
 In 1928, Dinsmore patented the first water-emulsion synthetic rubber in the United States.
 The material later became a staple of the rubber industry during the World War II shortage of natural rubber.
 Dinsmore worked for the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company and developed Chemigum, an early synthetic rubber.
 Dinsmore served as Chairman of the Rubber Division of the American Chemical Society in 1927.
 He received the 1947 Colwyn medal and was named the 1955 Charles Goodyear Medalist.
The British League Division Two Riders Championship was a speedway contest between the top riders (or two riders) with the highest average points total from each club competing in the British League Division Two in the UK.
 The championship was inaugurated in 1968 when it was known as the British League Division Two Riders Championship.
 The competition was held at Hackney between 1968 and 1971, then it was moved to Wimbledon and held there between 1972 and 1984.
 The event was sponsored by Gauloises in 1976.
The Provincial League Riders Championship was a contest between the top riders (or two riders) with the highest average points total from each speedway club competing in the Provincial League in the UK, held in each year that the league existed - between 1960 and 1964.
 The competition was superseded by the British League Riders' Championship in 1965 when the Provincial League merged with the National League to form the British League.
Douglas Tires are manufactured by Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company for Walmart only.
 Goodyear and Walmart started Douglas tire in 1992.
 Douglas tires are in many ways comparable to Kelly tires.
 As a private label tire, they are less expensive than actual brand-name tires.
 The down side to Douglas tires are more likely to have manufacturer defects compared to a Goodyear.
