The 1994 Pacific hurricane season was the final season of the eastern north Pacific's most recent active string of hurricane seasons that unofficially started in 1981.
 The season officially started on May 15, 1994, in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 1994, in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1994.
 These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.
 The first tropical cyclone formed on June 18, while the last system dissipated on October 26.
 This season, twenty-two tropical cyclones formed in the north Pacific Ocean east of the dateline, with all but two becoming tropical storms or hurricanes.
 A total of 10 hurricanes occurred, including five major hurricanes.
The 1988 Pacific hurricane season was a Pacific hurricane season that saw a below-average amount of tropical cyclones form, the first time since 1981.
 It officially began May 15, 1988, in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1988, in the central Pacific and lasted until November 30, 1988.
 These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.
 The first named storm, Tropical Storm Aletta, formed on June 16, and the last-named storm, Tropical Storm Miriam, was previously named Hurricane Joan in the Atlantic Ocean before crossing Central America and re-emerging in the eastern Pacific; Miriam continued westward and dissipated on November 2.
The 1993 Pacific hurricane season was a slightly active Pacific hurricane season with seven named storms directly impacting land.
 The season officially started on May 15 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1 in the central Pacific, and ended on November 30; these dates conventionally delimit the period during which most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.
 The first tropical cyclone developed on June 11, over a month after the traditional start of the season.
 The final named storm of the season, Tropical Storm Norma, dissipated on October 14.
 The Central Pacific Ocean saw very little tropical activity, with only one cyclone, Hurricane Keoni, developing in that particular region.
 However, many storms out of the season crossed the threshold into the Central Pacific, many as hurricanes, and even major hurricanes.
Tropical Storm Kiko was a strong tropical storm that capsized a boat off the western coast of Mexico, killing at least 15 people.
 The 15th and final tropical cyclone of the 2007 Pacific hurricane season, Kiko developed out of a tropical wave that formed off the coast of Africa on September 26 and traversed the Atlantic.
 The wave crossed over Central America and entered the Pacific Ocean on October 8, where it spawned Tropical Depression 15-E on October 15.
 The depression drifted to the south over the next day before briefly being declared Tropical Storm Kiko.
 It subsequently weakened into a tropical depression, but later reattained tropical storm intensity.
 By October 18, Kiko was forecast to make landfall along the western Mexican coastline as a moderate tropical storm.
 However, the cyclone turned to the west and reached its peak intensity of 70 mph (110 km/h) on October 20.
 The tropical storm slowly weakened to a remnant low-pressure area by October 24 and completely dissipated on October 27 without making landfall.
Hurricane Emilia was, at the time, the strongest tropical cyclone on record in the Central Pacific Ocean, and the first of such to be classified as a Category 5 hurricane – the highest rating on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale.
 However, hurricanes Gilma later that year and Ioke in 2006 later reached lower barometric pressures in the Central Pacific.
 The fifth named storm and the first of three Category 5 hurricanes of the 1994 hurricane season, Emilia developed from an area of low pressure southeast of Hawaii on July 16.
 Tracking westward, the initial tropical depression intensified into a tropical storm several hours after tropical cyclogenesis.
 Subsequently, Emilia entered the Central Pacific Ocean and moved into the area of responsibility of the Central Pacific Hurricane Center .
The North Pacific Current (sometimes referred to as the North Pacific Drift) is a slow warm water current that flows west-to-east between 30 and 50 degrees north in the Pacific Ocean.
 The current forms the southern part of the North Pacific Subpolar Gyre and the northern part of the North Pacific Subtropical Gyre.
 The North Pacific Current is formed by the collision of the Kuroshio Current, running northward off the coast of Japan, and the Oyashio Current, which is a cold subarctic current that flows south and circulates counterclockwise along the western North Pacific Ocean.
 In the eastern North Pacific off southern British Columbia, it splits into the southward flowing California Current and the northward flowing Alaska Current.
The 2005 Pacific hurricane season continued the trend of generally below-average activity that began a decade prior.
 The season officially began on May 15 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1 in the central Pacific; it lasted until November 30 in both basins.
 These dates conventionally delimit the period during each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.
 Activity began with the formation of Hurricane Adrian, the fourth-earliest-forming tropical storm on record in the basin at the time.
 Adrian led to flash flooding and several landslides across Central America, resulting in five deaths and $12 million (2005 USD) in damage.
 Tropical storms Calvin and Dora caused minor damage along the coastline, while Tropical Storm Eugene led to one death in Acapulco.
 In early October, Otis produced tropical storm-force winds and minor flooding across the Baja California peninsula.
 The remnants of Tropical Depression One-C in the central Pacific, meanwhile, caused minor impacts in Hawaii.
 The strongest storm of the period was Hurricane Kenneth, which attained peak winds of 130 mph (215 km/h) over the open Pacific.
 Cooler than average ocean temperatures throughout the year aided in below-average activity through the course of the season, which ended with 15 named storms, 7 hurricanes, 2 major hurricanes, and an Accumulated cyclone energy index of 75 units.
A Pacific hurricane is a mature tropical cyclone that develops within the eastern and central Pacific Ocean to the east of 180°W, north of the equator.
 For tropical cyclone warning purposes, the northern Pacific is divided into three regions: the eastern (North America to 140°W), central (140°W to 180°), and western (180° to 100°E), while the southern Pacific is divided into 2 sections, the Australian region (90E to 160°E), the southern Pacific basin between (160°E to 120°W).
 Identical phenomena in the western north Pacific are called typhoons.
 This separation between the two basins has a practical convenience, however, as tropical cyclones rarely form in the central north Pacific and few cross the dateline.
The 2017 Pacific hurricane season is an ongoing event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation, in which tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.
 The season officially started on May 15 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1 in the central Pacific; they will both end on November 30.
 These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the basin.
 However, the formation of tropical cyclones is possible at any time of the year.
 This was demonstrated when the first storm, Tropical Storm Adrian, was named on May 10 and became the earliest-known tropical storm in the East Pacific since the advent of satellite imagery.
Tropical Storm Flossie yielded stormy weather to Hawaii in late July 2013.
 The sixth tropical cyclone and named storm of the annual hurricane season, Flossie originated from a tropical wave that emerged off the western coast of Africa on July 9.
 Tracking westward across the Atlantic with little development, it passed over Central America and into the eastern Pacific Ocean on July 18, where favorable environmental conditions promoted steady organization.
 By 0600 UTC on July 25, the wave acquired enough organization to be deemed a tropical depression; it intensified into a tropical storm six hours later.
 Continuing westward, Flossie attained peak winds of 70 mph (110 km/h) on July 27 before entering the central Pacific Ocean.
 There, unfavorable upper-level winds established a weakening trend; on July 30, Flossie weakened to a tropical depression, and by 1200 UTC that same day, the storm degenerated into a remnant low, northeast of Kauai.
