Henry V is a 2012 British television film based on the play of the same name by William Shakespeare.
 It is the fourth film in the series of television films called "The Hollow Crown" produced by Sam Mendes for BBC Two covering the whole of Shakespeare's Henriad.
 It was directed by Thea Sharrock and stars Tom Hiddleston as Henry V of England.
Ruby Yang (楊紫燁; Simplified Chinese: 杨紫烨), is a Chinese American filmmaker.
My Voice, My Life 《爭氣》is a feature-length documentary film directed by Oscar-winning Chinese-American filmmaker Ruby Yang.
 It tells the poignant stories of a group of under-privileged Hong Kong youngsters who underwent six months of vigorous trainings to produce a musical on stage.
 Through their trials and tribulations, the students challenge parents, teachers and policy makers to reflect on our way of nurturing the next generation.
The Warriors of Qiugang () is a 39-minute documentary film that chronicles the story of the Chinese village of Qiugang (pop.
 1,900 in "ca."
 2010), in the suburbs of Bengbu City in Anhui Province in central-eastern China.
 It tells how a group of Chinese villagers put an end to the poisoning of their land and water by three chemical plants, the worst being Jiucailuo Chemical.
 It was directed and produced by Academy Award winners Ruby Yang and Thomas F. Lennon, respectively.
 Guan Xin was the field producer and cinematographer.
American Beauty is a 1999 American drama film directed by Sam Mendes and written by Alan Ball.
 Kevin Spacey stars as Lester Burnham, a 42-year-old advertising executive who has a midlife crisis when he becomes infatuated with his teenage daughter's best friend, Angela (Mena Suvari).
 Annette Bening co-stars as Lester's materialistic wife, Carolyn, and Thora Birch plays their insecure daughter, Jane.
 Wes Bentley, Chris Cooper, and Allison Janney also feature.
 The film is described by academics as a satire of American middle-class notions of beauty and personal satisfaction; analysis has focused on the film's explorations of romantic, and paternal love, sexuality, beauty, materialism, self-liberation, and redemption.
The Blood of Yingzhou District (; translation: The Children of Yingzhou) is a 2006 short film documentary directed by Ruby Yang and produced by Thomas F. Lennon.
 The film is about the effect of AIDS on orphans in Yingzhou District of Fuyang, Anhui, China.
 It won the 2007 Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject.
Neal Street Productions is a British film, television and theatre production company.
 The company was set up in 2003 by Sam Mendes, Pippa Harris and Caro Newling.
 Nicolas Brown joined in 2013 to work across the film and TV portfolio.
 The company's movies include "Revolutionary Road", "Jarhead" and "Starter for 10".
 Their TV dramas include the award-winning "Stuart: A Life Backwards" with Tom Hardy and Benedict Cumberbatch, "Penny Dreadful" and "Call the Midwife".
 In theatre Neal Street has produced "The Bridge Project", "Shrek the Musical" and the London West End musical of "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", directed by Sam Mendes.
"American Beauty" is a 1999 American drama film directed by Sam Mendes and written by Alan Ball.
 The film stars Kevin Spacey as Lester Burnham, a middle-aged office worker who has a midlife crisis when he becomes infatuated with his teenage daughter's best friend.
 Released in North America on September 15, 1999, "American Beauty" was positively received by critics and audiences alike; it was the best-reviewed American film of the year and grossed over $350 million worldwide.
 Reviewers praised all aspects of the production, with particular emphasis on Mendes, Spacey and Ball; criticism tended to focus on the familiarity of the characters and setting.
 At the 1999 Academy Awards, the film won Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor (for Spacey), Best Original Screenplay and Best Cinematography (for Conrad Hall).
 The film was nominated for and won numerous other awards and honors, mainly for the direction, writing, and acting.
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama television series created for Showtime and Sky by John Logan, who also acts as executive producer alongside Sam Mendes.
 The show was originally pitched to several US and UK channels, and eventually landed with Showtime, with Sky Atlantic as co-producer.
 It premiered at the South by Southwest film festival on March 9 and began airing on television on April 28, 2014, on Showtime on Demand.
 The series premiered on Showtime on May 11, 2014, the first in an eight-episode season.
 After the third-season finale on June 19, 2016, series creator John Logan announced that "Penny Dreadful" had ended as the main story had reached its conclusion.
The 73rd annual Venice International Film Festival was held from 31 August to 10 September 2016.
 English director Sam Mendes was the President of the Jury for the main competition.
 The opening night film was Damien Chazelle's musical "La La Land".
 The Golden Lion was awarded to Lav Diaz's film "The Woman Who Left".
