The New Venice School is a movement in contemporary music in Venice from the 1970s to the present, made up of composers directly influenced from teachings at the Venice Conservatory (Conservatorio Benedetto Marcello) of the distinguished composer and pedagogue Baron Ernesto Rubin de Cervin (Albrizzi) (born 1936), who studied under Luigi Dallapiccola in Florence and Goffredo Petrassi in Rome.
 His many students include the composer and conductor Giuseppe Sinopoli (1946–2001); the composer and teacher Marino Baratello (born 1953); the composer Claudio Ambrosini (born 1948); and the Amsterdam-based, English composer Geoffrey King (born 1949).
 Although not directly influenced by the legacy of Rubin de Cervin and the above-listed lineage, other Venetian composers were influential in the development of new music in Venice, namely Bruno Maderna (1920–1973) and Luigi Nono(1924–1990).
Dorothy Dorow (22 August 1930 - 15 April 2017) was an English soprano.
 Dorow debuted in London in 1958.
 She has sung world-premieres of works by such composers as György Ligeti, Hans Werner Henze, Luigi Dallapiccola, Sylvano Bussotti and Luigi Nono.
 She is also noted for her performances of the vocal works of Igor Stravinsky.
 Dorow performed internationally including at the Kraków Philharmonic.
Al gran sole carico d'amore ("In the Bright Sunshine Heavy with Love") is an opera (designated as an 'azione scenica') with music by Luigi Nono, based mainly on plays by Bertolt Brecht, but also incorporating texts of Fidel Castro, Che Guevara, Karl Marx, and Vladimir Lenin.
 Nono himself and Yuri Lyubimov wrote the libretto.
 It premiered at the Teatro alla Scala on 4 April 1975, conducted by Claudio Abbado.
 Lyubimov directed the original production.
 The UK premiere was at the 32nd Edinburgh Festival in 1978.
 In addition to vocal soloists, chorus and orchestra, the work incorporates taped sounds.
 This work is a product of Nono's strong political activism through the mid-1970s.
The WDR Rundfunkchor Köln (West German Radio Choir Cologne) is the choir of the German broadcaster Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR), based in Cologne.
 It was founded in 1947.
 The choir premiered works by contemporary composers including Arnold Schoenberg's unfinished opera "Moses und Aron" in 1954, Karlheinz Stockhausen's "Momente", Luigi Nono's "Il canto sospeso", Bernd Alois Zimmermann's "Requiem für einen jungen Dichter" and Penderecki's "St Luke Passion".
Paul Hindemith ( ) (16 November 1895 – 28 December 1963) was a prolific German composer, violist, violinist, teacher and conductor.
 Notable compositions include his song cycle "Das Marienleben" (1923), "Der Schwanendreher" for viola and orchestra (1935), and opera "Mathis der Maler" (1938).
 Hindemith's most popular work, both on record and in the concert hall, is likely the "Symphonic Metamorphosis of Themes by Carl Maria von Weber", written in 1943.
Das Marienleben ("The Life of Mary") is a song cycle by German composer Paul Hindemith.
 The cycle, written for piano and soprano, sets to music a collection of 15 poems by Rainer Maria Rilke that tells the story of the life of Mary.
 Thirteen years after its 1923 premiere in Frankfurt, Hindemith began extensively revising and reworking the piece, eventually producing a second version which premiered in Hanover in 1948.
Joaquín Rodrigo Vidre, 1st Marquis of the Gardens of Aranjuez (] ; 22 November 19016 July 1999), commonly known as Joaquín Rodrigo, was a Spanish composer and a virtuoso pianist.
Johann Strauss III (25 October 1864January 9, 1939; German: "Johann Strauß III" ; also known as Johann Eduard Strauss) was an Austrian composer whose father was Eduard Strauss, whose uncles were Johann Strauss II and Josef Strauss, and whose grandfather was Johann Strauss I.
 He was unofficially entrusted with the task of upholding his family's tradition after the dissolution of the Strauss Orchestra by his father in 1901.
 His talents were not fully realised during his lifetime as musical tastes had changed in the Silver Age with more popular composers such as Franz Lehár and Oscar Straus dominating the Viennese musical scene with their operettas, although his uncle, Johann Strauss II, supervised his development as a musician, a fact disputed by Eduard Strauss.
Suvini Zerboni (ESZ) Italian music publishing house founded in 1907 in Milan, taking its name from the theater society of the same name.
 The ESZ catalogue included, besides operetta favourites, the best of Italian contemporary music, such composers as Goffredo Petrassi, Luigi Dallapiccola, Luciano Berio, Ildebrando Pizzetti, and Gian Francesco Malipiero.
 Since the 1950s, ESZ has been the Italian agent of Schott Music, representing composers such as Igor Stravinsky, Carl Orff, Paul Hindemith, Richard Strauss, Luigi Nono, Krzysztof Penderecki and Joaquín Rodrigo.
 The ESZ catalalogue of modern Italian composers active since the 1970s is extensive.
 ESZ also publishes the bulletin “ESZ News” with information on the activities and performances of its composers.
 Until 1999 ESZ published "Il Fronimo", the guitar magazine founded by Ruggero Chiesa in 1972, and "La Cartellina", a magazine on choral and pedagogical music, founded by Roberto Goitre in 1977 and subsequently headed by Giovanni Acciai.
Henryk Mikołaj Górecki (; English pronunciation Go-RET-ski; December 6, 1933 – November 12, 2010) was a Polish composer of contemporary classical music.
 According to critic Alex Ross, no recent classical composer has had as much commercial success as Górecki.
 Górecki became a leading figure of the Polish avant-garde during the post-Stalin cultural thaw.
 His Webernian-influenced serialist works of the 1950s and 1960s were characterized by adherence to dissonant modernism and drew influence from Luigi Nono, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Krzysztof Penderecki and Kazimierz Serocki.
 He continued in this direction throughout the 1960s, but by the mid-1970s had changed to a less complex sacred minimalist sound, exemplified by the transitional Symphony No. 2 and the hugely popular Symphony No. 3 ("Symphony of Sorrowful Songs").
 This later style developed through several other distinct phases, from such works as his 1979 "Beatus Vir", to the 1981 choral hymn "Miserere", the 1993 "Kleines Requiem für eine Polka" and his requiem "Good Night".
