Patsy Quick is an English off road motorcycle racer.
 She was the first British woman to compete in the Dakar Rally in 2003 and became the first British woman to complete it in 2006.
Freda Bedi (sometimes spelled Frida Bedi, also named Sister Palmo, or Gelongma Karma Kechog Palmo) (5 February 1911 – 26 March 1977) was a British woman who was the first Western woman to take ordination in Tibetan Buddhism, which occurred in 1966.
 She was born in Derby, England.
Lavinia Jannetta Horton Ryves, née Lavinia Serres (March 16, 1797 – December 7, 1871), was a British woman claiming to be a member of the British royal family, calling herself "Princess Lavinia of Cumberland".
Princess Aisha bint Hussein (born 23 April 1968) is the sister of King Abdullah II of Jordan and is the twin sister of Princess Zein.
 Her parents are Princess Muna al-Hussein and King Hussein.
Princess Zein bint Hussein (born 23 April 1968) is the sister of King Abdullah II of Jordan and the twin sister of Princess Aisha bint Hussein.
Flora Sandes (22 January 1876 – 24 November 1956) was a British woman who served as an officer of the Royal Serbian Army in World War I.
 She was the only British woman officially to serve as a soldier in WWI.
 Initially a St. John Ambulance volunteer, she travelled to the Kingdom of Serbia, where, in the confusion of war, she was formally enrolled in the Serbian army.
 She was subsequently promoted to the rank of Sergeant major, and, after the war, to Captain.
 She was decorated with seven medals.
On 21 November 2013 Metropolitan Police from the Human Trafficking Unit arrested two suspects at a residential address in Lambeth, South London.
 A 73-year-old ethnic Indian Singaporean man, Aravindan Balakrishnan, and a 67-year-old Tanzanian woman, his wife, Chanda Pattni, had been investigated for slavery and domestic servitude.
 The case centred around the Workers' Institute of Marxism–Leninism–Mao Zedong Thought commune which was led by Balakrishnan.
 In the early 1980s after a police raid, Balakrishnan decided to move the group's activities underground.
 Balakrishnan's control over his followers intensified and the commune became a prison to his followers.
 On 25 October 2013, three women were rescued from the commune.
 These were: a 69-year-old Malaysian woman (later revealed to be Aishah Wahab), a 57-year-old Irish woman (Josephine Herivel) and a 30-year-old British woman (Katy Morgan-Davies).
 Katy Morgan-Davies was born into the sect and hadn't experienced the outside world until her release.
Princess Basma bint Talal (born 11 May 1951) is the only daughter of King Talal and Queen Zein, sister of King Hussein and paternal aunt to the current king, King Abdullah II.
 Princess Basma is often considered the equivalent "Princess Royal of Jordan".
Elissa "Ellie" Downie (born 20 July 1999 in Nottingham) is an artistic gymnast who represented Great Britain at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics and the 2016 Summer Olympics.
 At the age of 15, she became the first British woman to win an individual all-around medal at the European Artistic Gymnastics Championships, with a bronze in 2015.
 Later that year, she was part of the team that won Britain's first global team medal, a bronze, at the 2015 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
 At the 2017 European Championships, she made history again by becoming the first British gymnast to win the all-around at a major international competition.
 She also has an older fellow professional gymnastics sister Becky Downie and a younger brother Josh Downie who is a PE teacher at a local school in their hometown of Nottingham.
Beatrice Edgell (26 October 1871 – 10 August 1948) was a British psychologist, researcher and university teacher.
 She taught at Bedford College in the University of London from 1897 to 1933.
 She was the first British woman to earn a PhD in psychology and the first British woman to be named a professor of psychology.
 She was also the first female president of the British Psychological Society, the Aristotelian Society, the Mind Association and the Psychological Division of the British Association for the Advancement of Science.
