Got Talent Portugal (season 5) was the 5th season of the talent show Got Talent Portugal, Portuguese version of the hit got talent show Britain's Got Talent.
 Each judge can press the golden buzzer once in the auditions same as last year, such as the hosts.
 This year a new rule was made, the judges can give a unanimous golden buzzer that means the 3 judges can press the buzzer at the same time.
The first series of China's Got Talent, also known as Head & Shoulders China's Got Talent for sponsor reasons, premiered on DragonTV on July 25, 2010.
 The premiere ratings drew 400 million viewers.
 "Dongfang Daily" reported that with an 8 percent audience share in Shanghai while in 26 other provinces got a 1.37 percent share.
 The second episode increased 100 million viewers from the premiere which makes it 500 million viewers who watched.
 This makes "China's Got Talent" the most viewers in the "Got Talent" franchise history.
Canada's Got Talent is a Canadian reality talent show series that debuted on the Citytv network on March 4, 2012, and part of the global "Got Talent" franchise.
 The logo used for "Canada's Got Talent" does not follow the logo from "America's Got Talent", but instead follows the logo from "Britain's Got Talent".
Česko Slovensko má talent ("Czechia Slovakia's Got Talent" or "Czecho Slovakia's Got Talent") is a Czech and Slovak televised talent show competition which started in August 2010 and originated from the "Got Talent" franchise.
 The show is a Thames production (formerly Talkback Thames) distributed by FremantleMedia and is produced in association with Syco TV.
 The show is broadcast on TV JOJ and Prima family.
 Anyone of any age with any sort of talent can audition for the show.
 Acts compete against each other to gain audience support while trying to become "the winner of "Czecho Slovakia's Got Talent"".
India's Got Talent (sometimes abbreviated as IGT) is an Indian reality television series on Colors television network, founded by Sakib Zakir Ahmed and part of the global British "Got Talent" franchise.
 It is a cooperative effort between Colors and Britain's FremantleMedia.
 The first episode of "India's Got Talent" premiered on 27 June 2009.
 "India's Got Talent" follows the global "Got Talent" format, in which contestants audition in front of three judges and a studio audience.
 Up until the semifinal and final rounds, the judges decide whether or not a contestant advances in the competition.
 During the semifinal and final rounds, viewers vote on which contestants will advance.
Thailand's Got Talent season 5 (also known as TGT) was the fifth season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in June 2015.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The four judges Chalatit Tantiwut,Patcharasri Benjamad,Pornchita Na Songkla and Nitipong Hornak join hosts Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Alexandr Magala (born 24 June 1989 in Orhei) is a Moldovan entertainer and sword swallower who won "Russia's Got Talent" in 2014.
 He was also a finalist on "Britain's Got Talent" and "Italia's Got Talent", a semi-finalist on "Ukraine's Got Talent", and a quarter-finalist on "America's Got Talent."
Thailand's Got Talent season 6 (also known as TGT) was the sixth season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in 12 June 2016.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The four judges Chalatit Tantiwut,Patcharasri Benjamad,Kathaleeya McIntosh and Nitipong Hornak join hosts Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Thailand's Got Talent season 1 (also known as TGT) was the first season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in March 2011.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The three judges Nirut Sirijanya, Benz Pomchita Na Songkla, and Pinyo Rutham join hosts Krit Sribhumisret and Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
Thailand's Got Talent season 4 (also known as TGT) was the fourth season of the Thailand's Got Talent reality television series on the Channel 3 television network, and part of the global British "Got Talent" series.
 It is a talent show that features singers, dancers, sketch artists, comedians and other performers of all ages competing for the advertised top prize of 10,000,000 Baht (approximately $325,000).
 The show debuted in June 2014.
 Thailand is also the fifth country in Asia to license Got Talent series.
 The four judges Chalatit Tantiwut,Patcharasri Benjamad,Pornchita Na Songkla and Nitipong Hornak join hosts Ketsepsawat Palagawongse na Ayutthaya.
