The Rainbow Coalition was a coalition active in the late 1960s and early 1970s, founded in Chicago, Illinois by Fred Hampton of the activist Black Panther Party, along with William "Preacherman" Fesperman, Jack (Junebug) Boykin, Bobby Joe Mcginnis and Hy Thurman of the Young Patriots Organization and the founder of the Young Lords as a civil and human rights movement Jose Cha Cha Jimenez.
 It later expanded to include various radical socialist groups and community groups like the Lincoln Park Poor People's Coalition.
 It was associated with the rising Black Power movement, which mobilized some African-American discontent and activism by other ethnic minority groups after the passage of the mid-1960s civil rights legislation under Democratic President Lyndon B. Johnson.
Hakim Abdullah Jamal (March 28, 1931 – May 1, 1973) was the name adopted by African-American activist Allen Donaldson, who was a cousin of Malcolm X and later became an associate of Michael X.
 Jamal wrote "From the Dead Level", a memoir of his life and memories of Malcolm X.
African-American bookstores, also known as black bookstores, are bookstores owned and operated by African Americans.
 These stores often, although not always, specialize in works by and about African Americans and their target customers are often African Americans.
 Although they are a variety of African-American business, African American bookstores have often been closely tied to radical political movements including Marxism, Black Power, and pan-Africanism.
The first documented African-American bookstore was established by the abolitionist David Ruggles in 1834.
 One of the earliest African-American bookstores to achieve national prominence was Lewis Michaux's National Memorial African Bookstore, which operated in Harlem from the early 1930s to the middle of the 1970s.
 Michaux's store doubled as a meeting place for black activists, including most famously Malcolm X.
 The Black Power movement embraced black-owned bookstores in the 1960s and '70s as vehicles for promoting their ideology and creating radical political spaces in black communities across the United States.
 By the 1990s, African-American bookstores earned significant attention from more politically moderate and business oriented media outlets such as the magazine Black Enterprise.
 In the 2000s and 2010s, however, as independent bookstores of all kinds declined and bookstores chains and Amazon increasingly sold black-authored books, the number of African-American bookstores declined rapidly, dropping from over 250 to just over 70.
The Black Arts Movement, Black Aesthetics Movement or BAM is the artistic outgrowth of the Black Power movement that was prominent in the 1960s and early 1970s. "
Time" magazine describes the Black Arts Movement as the "single most controversial movement in the history of African-American literature – possibly in American literature as a whole."
 The Black Arts Repertory Theatre is a key institution of the Black Arts Movement.
The Black Power Revolution, also known as the "Black Power Movement", 1970 Revolution, Black Power Uprising and February Revolution, was an attempt by a number of social elements, people and interest groups in Trinidad and Tobago to force socio-political change.
The Black Power movement was a political movement to achieve a form of Black Power and the many philosophies it contains.
 The movement saw various forms of activism some violent and some peaceful, all hoping to achieve black empowerment.
 The Black Power movement also represented socialist movements, all with the general motivation of improving the standing of black people in society.
 Originated during the Civil Rights Movement, some doubted the philosophy of the movement begging for more radical action, taking influences from Malcolm X.
 The cornerstone of the movement was the Black Panther Party, a Black Power organization dedicated to socialism and the use of violence to achieve it.
 The Black Power movement developed amidst the criticisms of the Civil Rights Movement in the early 1960s, and over time and into the 1970s, the movement grew and became more violent.
 After years of violence, many left the movement and the police began arresting violent actors in the movement.
 The Black Power movement also spilled out into the Caribbean creating the Black Power Revolution.
Tommie C. Smith (born June 6, 1944) is an American former track & field athlete and wide receiver in the American Football League.
 At the 1968 Summer Olympics, Smith, aged 24, won the 200-meter sprint finals and gold medal in 19.83 seconds – the first time the 20-second barrier was broken legally.
 His Black Power salute with John Carlos atop the medal podium to protest the harsh, and sometimes deadly discrimination against African-Americans because of their skin color in the United States caused controversy as it was seen as politicizing the Olympic Games.
 It remains a symbolic moment in the history of the Black Power movement.
Etheridge Knight (April 19, 1931 – March 10, 1991) was an African-American poet who made his name in 1968 with his debut volume, "Poems from Prison".
 The book recalls in verse his eight-year-long sentence after his arrest for robbery in 1960.
 By the time he left prison, Knight had prepared a second volume featuring his own writings and works of his fellow inmates.
 This second book, first published in Italy under the title "Voce negre dal carcere," appeared in English in 1970 as "Black Voices from Prison".
 These works established Knight as one of the major poets of the Black Arts Movement, which flourished from the early 1960s through the mid-1970s.
 With roots in the Civil Rights Movement, Malcolm X and the Nation of Islam, and the Black Power Movement, Etheridge Knight and other American artists within the movement sought to create politically engaged work that explored the African-American cultural and historical experience.
Maulana Ndabezitha Karenga (born Ronald McKinley Everett; July 14, 1941) is an African-American professor of Africana studies, activist and author, best known as the creator of the pan-African and African-American holiday of Kwanzaa.
 Karenga was a major figure in the Black Power movement of the 1960s and 1970s, and co-founded with Hakim Jamal the black nationalism and social change organization US.
Black Power: The Politics of Liberation is a 1967 book co-authored by Kwame Ture (formerly known as Stokely Carmichael) and political scientist Charles V. Hamilton.
 The work defines Black Power, presents insights into the roots of racism in the United States and means of reforming the traditional political process for the future.
 Published originally as "Black Power: The Politics of Liberation in America", the book has become a staple work produced during the Civil Rights Movement and Black Power movement.
