Sharron Elaine Angle (born Sharron Elaine Ott; July 26, 1949) is an American politician who served as a Republican member of the Nevada Assembly from 1999 to 2007.
 She ran unsuccessfully as the 2010 Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate seat in Nevada, garnering 45 percent of the vote.
 On September 15, 2013 she was unanimously elected the fifth President of the National Federation of Republican Assemblies, and resigned in 2016 to run again for the Nevada U.S. Senator position being vacated by Harry Reid but failed to win the Republican primary.
Rory Jason Reid (born July 11, 1963) is an American attorney and politician.
 He served as elected Chairman of the Clark County Commission in Clark County, Nevada and was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Nevada in the 2010 gubernatorial election.
 Reid is a member of the Democratic Party and a son of former United States Senator Harry Reid.
 In 2007, the "Las Vegas Sun" called Reid a political "rising star" in Nevada.
Robert T. Beers (born October 14, 1959) is an American accountant (CPA) and member of the Republican Party who currently serves as a member of the Las Vegas City Council, representing Ward 2.
 He was previously a member of the Nevada Assembly from 1998 to 2004 and the Nevada Senate from 2005 to 2008.
 He ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination for Governor of Nevada in 2006 and in January 2014, he announced that he would run against Democratic Senator Harry Reid in the 2016 U.S. Senate election, but he withdrew from the race in June 2015.
Former United States Senator Harry Reid has declared his position on many political issues through his public comments and his senatorial voting record.
During President Bill Clinton's first and second terms of office, he nominated 24 people for 20 federal appellate judgeships but the nominees were not processed by the Republican-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee.
 Three of the nominees who were not processed (Christine Arguello, Andre M. Davis and S. Elizabeth Gibson) were nominated after July 1, 2000, the traditional start date of the unofficial Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year.
 Democrats claim that Senate Republicans of the 106th Congress purposely tried to keep open particular judgeships as a political maneuver to allow a future Republican president to fill them.
 Of the 20 seats in question, four were eventually filled with different Clinton nominees, fourteen were later filled with Republican nominees by President George W. Bush and two continued to stay open during Bush's presidency.
 Senator Harry Reid, the Democratic leader of the United States Senate during the 110th Congress, and Senator Patrick Leahy, the Democratic leader of the Senate Judiciary Committee under Reid, repeatedly mentioned the controversy over President Clinton's court of appeals nominees during the controversy involving the confirmation of Republican court of appeals nominees during the last two years of Bush's second term.
 Republicans claimed that Democrats were refusing to confirm certain longstanding Bush nominees in order to allow a future Democratic president in 2009 to fill those judgeships.
The 1998 United States Senate election in Nevada was held on November 3, 1998.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Harry Reid won re-election to a third term.
The 1992 United States Senate election in Nevada was held on November 3, 1992.
 Although nearly 10% of the electorate voted for neither of the two major U.S. political parties, incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Harry Reid ultimately won a majority of votes cast and, with that, re-election to a second term.
Dean Rhoads is a Republican member of the Nevada Senate, representing the Northern Nevada District (map) since 1984.
 Previously he served in the Nevada Assembly from 1976 through 1982.
 In October 2010, Senator Rhoads broke with the Republican establishment to endorse Harry Reid over Sharon Angle in that year's Senate Race.
Lula Johnson Davis was Secretary for the Majority of the United States Senate from 2008 to 2011.
 Davis was born in Louisiana.
 She received a B.S. in office administration and an M.Ed., in guidance counseling from Southern University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
 She began her career with the Senate as a legislative correspondent for Senator Russell B. Long of Louisiana.
 After Senator Long retired from the Senate in January 1987, Davis worked as an office assistant for the Democratic Policy Committee’s Senate floor staff office.
 In 1993, she became a member of the Democratic floor staff.
 In 1995, she was promoted to chief floor assistant.
 In 1997, she assumed the position of assistant secretary.
 After the retirement of Martin P. Paone, in January 2008, the Senate elected Davis Secretary for the Majority.
 As Secretary for the Majority, she was a senior procedural advisor to the Senate Majority Leader, Senator Harry Reid, and supervised the day-to-day Senate schedule.
 In so doing, she often worked with Secretary for the Minority David J. Schiappa.
 Davis told Senators what they could and could not do when it came to rules and procedure.
 Consequently, Davis was called “one of the most powerful unelected people in the U.S. Senate.”
 Davis retired at the end of the 111th Congress.
The 2004 United States Senate election in Nevada was held on November 2, 2004.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Harry Reid, the Senate Minority Whip, won re-election to a fourth term.
