Mariko Shiga (志賀 真理子 , Shiga Mariko , December 24, 1969 – November 23, 1989) was an idol star and voice actress born in Funabashi, Chiba Prefecture.
 She attended and graduated from Funabashi Municipal High School before enrolling in the University of California, Riverside in 1989.
 While on a trip to Arizona in November of that same year, Shiga was killed in an accident near Flagstaff when she was thrown from the vehicle due to the car rolling as it swerved to miss an animal.
 She died thirty-one days before her 20th birthday.
Jennifer Jayne (14 November 1931 – 23 April 2006) was an English film and television actress born in Yorkshire to theatrical parents.
 Born Jennifer Jayne Jones, she adopted her stage name of Jennifer Jayne to avoid confusion with the Hollywood actress Jennifer Jones.
Gina Pareño (born "Geraldine Acthley", October 20, 1949) is a Filipino actress born to a German-American father and a Filipina mother.
 She started her career in the 1960s as an extra in several films and then later on became one of the artists of Sampaguita Pictures.
 In 2006, she gained international recognition for her role in "Kubrador" ("The Bet Collector") wherein she won the Best Actress award at the Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema and at the Brussels International Independent Film Festival.
 Pareño also won the Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Supporting Actress as an outspoken and brash mother in the movie "Kasal, Kasali, Kasalo" and then later on received accolades for the same film and category in the FAMAS Awards as well as the Film Academy of the Philippines Awards in that same year.
Izara Aishah binti Hisham (born 28 September 1992) or professionally known as Izara Aishah is a Malaysian actress and model.
 She debuted in 2011 and since then has starred in dramas, telemovies, television and movies.
Maggie Moore (10 April 1851 - March 15, 1926) was an American-Australian actress born as Margaret Virginia Sullivan.
 She met and married producer J. C. Williamson in the U.S. and became popular as an actress in their production of "Struck Oil", which premiered in 1873 and was revived many times.
 Soon after their marriage, they took the play on a tour of Australia.
 It was such a success that they stayed there, where he founded the most successful theatrical company in Australia, and she became a leading actress.
Barbara Goenaga Bilbao (born 20 July 1983) is a Spanish actress born in San Sebastián, Guipuzcoa, Spain.
 She is niece of the actress, writer and film director Aizpea Goenaga and daughter of the famous painter Juan Luis Goenaga.
Dogwoman is a series of Australian television telemovies screened on the Nine Network in 2000.
 The telemovies were created by and starred Magda Szubanski as Margaret O'Halloran.
 Margaret, a professional dog trainer, is drawn into a world of mystery, intrigue, and murder, which lies beneath the surface of dog-owners.
 Tara Morice played her sister Pauline O'Halloran and Raj Ryan played her boyfriend Brian Jayasinghe.
Hanneke Niens (born 10 October 1965) is a Dutch television, documentary and film producer.
 She is also a guest tutor at the Netherlands Film Academy and the international audiovisual organization EAVE.
 During her career Hanneke Niens won numerous awards both as producer and with her company KeyFilm.
 Notable awards are the Golden Calf Best long feature film for "De Tweeling" (2003), an Academy Award nomination Best foreign language film for "De Tweeling" (2004) and the Prix Europa Television Programme of the Year for the telemovies "De uitverkorene (The Chosen One)" (2006).
 In 2007 Pierre Bokma won an International Emmy Award for his role in this movie.
 Box office hits Soof and Soof 2 were both awarded the Platinum Film.
 Her films have been selected for the international A-festivals Hot Docs, IDFA, Berlinale, San Sebastian, Toronto and Locarno.
Neva Carr Glyn or Neva Carr Glynn (born Neva Josephine Mary Carr Glyn, 10 May 1908 – 10 August 1975) was an Australian contralto and actress born in Melbourne to Arthur Benjamin Carr Glyn (died 16 January 1923), a humorous baritone and stage manager born in Ireland, and Marie Carr Glyn (late Mola), née Marie Dunoon Senior (10 June 1874 – 24 December 1953), an actress with the stage name "Marie Avis".
 She had one half-sister Gwendoline Arnold O'Neill and two half-brothers Sacheverill Arnold Mola and Rupert Arnold Mola.
 She was named "Neva" for a great-aunt, who was a contralto of some quality.
 Both spellings of her surname appear in print roughly equally and apparently arbitrarily.
Siti Zaqyah Abdul Razak (born 25 October 1988), commonly known by her stage name Tiz Zaqyah is a Malaysian actress, model and singer.
 She debuted in 2006 and since then has starred in films, dramas, telemovies and television and magazine advertisements.
 She rose to fame for playing the role of Nur Amina in the 2009 hit drama "Nur Kasih" with Remy Ishak, Fizz Fairuz and Sharifah Sofia.
 She became best known for her leading roles in "Asmaradana", "Gemilang", "Soffiya", "Dejavu di Kinabalu", "Sebenarnya, Saya Isteri Dia!"
 where she played a role of Shaf alongside the rising actor, Izzue Islam, "Cinta Jangan Pergi" where she acted with her acclaimed counterpart partner, Remy Ishak, "Jodoh Itu Milik Kita" and "Kusinero Cinta".
