Mista Savona (born Jake Dominic Savona) is a highly regarded Reggae, Dancehall and Hip-hop producer and keyboardist based in Melbourne, Australia.
 He first gained international recognition with the release of his third self-produced album "Melbourne Meets Kingston", released by Elefant Traks in 2007.
 This 21-track album was recorded in Jamaica and Australia between 2004 and 2007, and is the first ever album length collaboration between Australian and Jamaican musicians.
 It features performances from Jamaican singers and deejays such as Anthony B, Determine and Big Youth.
 It was followed in 2011 with the international release of his fourth studio album "Warn The Nation", recorded in the UK, Jamaica, Australia and Africa.
 It features internationally renowned artists such as Capleton, Sizzla, Horace Andy (Massive Attack), Alton Ellis (in one of his last recordings), Burro Banton and more.
 The album received widespread critical acclaim, including Triple J describing it as “Australia’s definitive reggae album”.
 He is also the first Australian producer to release his own riddim series in Jamaica, the successful 'Fire Dragon' riddim released in 2009 which features artists such as Sizzla, Burro Banton and Vida-Sunshyne.
 Other releases include two solo albums, "Invasion Day" and "Bass & Roots", as well as "Born A King", a full-length album with Jamaican singer Sizzla (released by US label Muti Music in May, 2014) which is being hailed as one of the strongest of Sizzla's career.
Adam Bayliss (born 17 September 1979 in Wollongong, Australia) is an Australian producer of films.
 His films "Luna and the Moon" and "Alex's Party" have been shown at international film festivals, including the Palm Springs International Film Festival, the Canberra International Film Festival, the Australian International Film Festival, and the New York Gay & Lesbian Film Festival.
 Both deal with sexuality and gender identification.
Clayton Watson (born 23 March 1977) is an Australian producer, actor, writer, and director.
 He grew up in the Australian outback on a sheep station close to Morgan, a small town in South Australia.
 He is best known for playing the role of Kid next to Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Carrie-Anne Moss in "The Matrix Reloaded", "The Matrix Revolutions", and the short film "Kid's Story" in "The Animatrix".
 He also reprised his role for "The Matrix Online", and was nominated for Best Newcomer at the American Sci-Fi Awards.
 He won an AFI for his role in "Always Greener", and has played the lead in two Stephen King films.
Trish Lake is an Australian producer of feature films and documentaries and former ABC TV journalist.
 Among her works are "Gettin' Square "(2003)", The Burning Season "(2008) and "Frackman" (2015).
 She is the CEO of Freshwater Pictures, based in Brisbane, Queensland, which she founded in 2001.
 Lake was National President of the Screen Producer’s Association of Australia – SPAA from 2005 - 2008 and is a former recipient of the SPAA Feature Film Producer of the Year award.
 Lake is an Adjunct Fellow at Griffith University, Brisbane where she leads a mentoring program for emerging producers at the Griffith Film School.
 Lake has been an advisor to the Breath of Fresh Air Film Festival (BOFA) in Tasmania since its inception, and has been the event's artistic director since 2012.
 She has collaborated professionally with her nephew Daniel (Dan) Lake on many productions.
 Dan Lake left Freshwater Pictures in November 2014 to take on a position as a director of production investment at Screen Queensland.
Jamie Buchanon Hutchings (born 1971, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is the lead singer-songwriter and guitarist for Australian band Bluebottle Kiss, who have released six albums, plus numerous EPs and singles.
 Hutchings has released three solo albums, "The Golden Coach", "His Imaginary Choir" and "Avalon Cassettes".
 Unlike Bluebottle Kiss albums, which Hutchings produces himself, "His Imaginary Choir" was co-produced with notable Australian producer Tony Dupe.
 He has produced three albums for fellow Sydney band Peabody one album for Sydney mood-blues band, The Maladies and in 2013 one for Mark Moldre (An Ear To The Earth - Laughing Outlaw Records).
 His most recent solo album, Avalon Cassettes, was released on Laughing Outlaw in early 2011.
 Following Avalon Cassettes, he formed another band, Infinity Broke and in 2014 released a new album, River Mirrors.
Josh Schuberth (born 23 September 1983) is an Australian producer, audio engineer, and multi-instrumentalist.
 His list of credits includes work with numerous notable performers, including Ben Folds, Josh Pyke, Alex Lloyd, Jessica Mauboy, Sara Storer, Graeme Connors, Lenka, Melanie Horsnell, Jenny Queen, Suzy Connolly, Tim Freedman, Greg Storer, and the bands Peregrine and The Sleep-ins.
 He also records as a solo performer under the name Miracle Pill.
Beerenberg Farm is an Australian producer of jams, condiments, sauces and dressings, located in Hahndorf in the Adelaide Hills of South Australia.
 The company premises are a tourist attraction on the state's food-and-wine trail, and has gained an international reputation due to the use of its portion-sized products in Australian and international airlines and hotels.
The Inside Film Awards (now known as the IF Awards) is an annual awards ceremony and broadcast platform for the Australian film industry, developed by the creators of Inside Film Magazine, Stephen Jenner and David Barda, and originally produced for television by Australian Producer Andrew Dillon.
 The awards are determined by a national audience poll, which differentiates it from the Australian AACTA Awards, which are judged by industry professionals.
Herbert Finlay was an Australian producer, photographer and exhibitor.
 He initially worked in films as a photographer and exhibitor of news items in Melbourne in the late 1890s.
 He helped tour "The Story of the Kelly Gang" (1907) and joined Pathe in 1910 to produce the Sydney edition of their newsreel.
 He went into producing with Stanley Crick and ran the camera department for the Australian Photo-Play Company.
 He was seriously injured in a film fire and became a travelling exhibitor.
Bad Dreems (stylised as Bad//Dreems) are an "outsider rock" band from Adelaide, South Australia.
 The band consists of Ben Marwe (Vocals/Guitar), Alex Cameron (Guitar), James Bartold (Bass), and Miles Wilson (Drums).
 The band released their debut EP titled "Badlands" in August 2013.
 They released their debut album "Dogs at Bay" on 21 August 2015 with legendary Australian producer Mark Opitz (INXS, Cold Chisel, the Angels).
