The Next Line was a 1990s television game show.
 Produced by Blair Murdoch, it was filmed at the studios of CKVU-TV in Vancouver, British Columbia.
 Hosted by Kevin Frank, with Kathy Morse (later the mayor of Maple Ridge from 2002 to 2005) as the announcer (the pair had also worked together on another game show, "Kidstreet", which aired around the same time), it centered on viewing classic movie clips that were cut off at a point and then determining which of a panel of "experts" gave the correct line that followed.
 It premiered in 1991 on many Global Television Network stations, but was cancelled after 13 weeks.
 Reruns were first aired on Prime Network in the late 90s, and later resurfaced on GameTV.
The Pin Up Girls are a girl group and dance troupe, founded by New York City native Vixen Romeo in 2005, which began as a burlesque-style performance group based in Los Angeles.
 Performing at Hollywood's most notorious venues such as The Viper Room Key Club and Roxy the girls quickly gained local attention with their girl-on-girl themed, tribal fusion belly dance, burlesque and hip hop routines.
 Between 2006-2008 The Pin Up Girls started to become poster girls for the lesbian scene with performances for Curve (magazine), a guest appearance on LOGO network's reality series "Curl Girls", a web series segment on AfterEllen, a performance for the LGBT community hosted by Jane Lynch, and performances in Margaret Cho's Sensuous Woman Show.
 In 2008 The Pin Up Girls first recorded single "There She Goes...She's Real Fly" was picked up to be played on Showtime's hit lesbian series "The L Word".
 In 2009 The Pin Up Girls music video, "There She Goes...She's Real Fly" premiered on Logo (TV channel) (an MTV network), on New Now Next Pop Lab.
 The Pin Up Girls' "Girl Candy," filmed in N.Y. and L.A., was released in 2011.
 The Pin Up Girls' "Pretty Things", featuring actress Elaine Hendrix, was filmed in L.A. by Director Joe LaRue in 2012 and was released in June 2012.
The White Hell of Pitz Palu (German: "Die weisse Hölle vom Piz Palü" ) is a 1929 German silent mountain film co-directed by Arnold Fanck and Georg Wilhelm Pabst and starring Leni Riefenstahl, Gustav Diessl, Ernst Petersen, and World War I flying ace Ernst Udet.
 Written by Arnold Fanck and Ladislaus Vajda, the film is about a man who loses his wife in an avalanche while climbing the Piz Palü mountain, and spends the next few years searching the mountain alone for her body.
 Four years later he meets a young couple who agree to accompany him on his next climb.
 "The White Hell of Pitz Palu" was filmed on location in the Bernina Range in Graubünden, Switzerland.
 The 1929 theatrical release starred Kurt Gerron, who was Jewish, as a night club guest.
 The film was edited to remove scenes featuring Gerron, and it was rereleased as a 90-minute German-language sound film in 1935.
 It was remade in 1950.
Aaron Brink (born November 11, 1974) is an American professional mixed martial artist and former boxer currently competing for the Gladiator Challenge promotion where he is their current Interim Heavyweight Champion.
 Aaron has competed in the UFC, King of the Cage, Gladiator Challenge, RINGS and the World Extreme Cagefighting.
 Brink was cast in the movie Thicker Than Water, filmed and released in 2006 in Iceland and Shipwrecked on a Great Lake, a movie released exclusively in Canada.
 Aaron also briefly had a career acting in hardcore pornographic films under the name "Dick Delaware", beginning sometime in 2000 and ending in June 2005, this was first revealed after he appeared in a notorious episode of himself during a methamphetamine addiction filmed for the television series Intervention in 2006.
K. Ravindran Nair was born in a rich family, dealing with cashew production and exports.
 His passion for literature and arts brought him into Malayalam cinema and in 1967, he established "General Pictures" under the banner of which he produced his first movie, Anweshichu Kandethiyilla, directed by P. Bhaskaran.
 This was followed by two more films the next year, Kattukurangu and Lakshaprabhu, both directed by Bhaskaran.
 Ravi, as he is generally known, was silent for the next few years till he came out with his next film, Achani, an A. Vincent movie, in 1973, which earned him the moniker, "Achani Ravi".
 The film was reported to be a commercial success like his earlier films and Ravi is known to have contributed the returns from the movie for building a Public Library in Kollam, of which he is a founder member and honorary secretary.
Live from Abbey Road is a 12-part, one-hour performance series/documentary that began filming its first season during 2006 at Abbey Road Studios in London.
 Season 2 was filmed between 2007 and 2008, season 3 was filmed in 2009 and Season 4 was filmed in 2011.
 The series features a total of 128 musical artists to date (about 32 per Season) -- usually two or three per show, performing up to five songs per session.
 The sessions are recorded without a live audience.
 Filmed in High-Definition with the occasional use of 35 mm lenses, the producers have sought to record performances which "look like a movie and sound like a record".
Live from Daryl's House (simply known as Daryl's House, and often abbreviated as LFDH) is an online series that was first created in fall 2007.
 The show features singer-songwriter Daryl Hall performing with his band and various guest artists at his home in Millerton, New York.
 The show provides a performance space that is an alternative to live concerts and studio sessions for popular artists.
 This allows the artists to "…have fun and [be] creatively spontaneous".
 The majority of shows include a segment in which Hall and the guest artist prepare food from different cuisines for everyone to eat.
 The food comes from various local restaurants and the chefs of those establishments walk Hall and guest through the preparation of the food.
 "Live From Daryl's House" expanded to broadcast TV but remained unchanged.
 Hall was quoted by Billboard.com as saying "it's an Internet show that is being shown on television, so I'm not adapting the show at all in any way to be a 'TV' show."
 The show debuted in 95 markets on September 24, 2011, with back-to-back half-hour episodes featuring Train (Episode 33) and Fitz & the Tantrums (Episode 35).
 Starting with the 66th episode of "Live From Daryl's House", the shows are filmed at Hall's club, Daryl's House, in Pawling, New York.
The Asturian Cinema (or "Asturian National Cinema") in Asturias, Spain, began in 1905 with the production of the first Asturian fiction film known as "El robo de fruta" (The fruit robbery).
 It was filmed by the Asturian film maker Javier Sánchez Manteola.
 This movie was filmed in Gijón (Asturias) and premiered in that city in the same year.
 It was shown in the old movie theater known as Salón Luminoso once located at Begoña Walk.
 In commemoration of this even the Asturian Film Festival was established in the year 2005.
Stephen Nicholas (born 23 August 1978) also known as Stephen Charles Nicholas is an actor and presenter from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.
 Stephen currently lives in Sheffield, his first role was on Sky One's Dream Team, where he played Scott Ward.
 From there, he filmed the first in the trilogy Goal!
 (In which he played a Newcastle United Reserves player).
 Following this, he moved to Los Angeles, where he played Smith in the feature film Futbaal: The Price of Dreams.
 Stephen then returned to the UK to make a Bollywood film called Dhana Dhana Goal with John Abraham.
 Stephen then experienced his first opportunity in reality TV with the show Premier League All Stars for Sky One, as well as playing a footballer, he was on-hand to present celebrity gossip and pitch side reports.
 He then appeared in Celebrity Most Haunted and Date the Enemy.
 From there he then went on to star in Goal 3 where he not only acted in the film he also became the football choreographer and choreographed all the football scenes in the film.
 Nicholas then starred in the film Damned United where he played Welsh international Alan Durban, the film was filmed in Chesterfield and Leeds and was directed by Oscar winner Tom Hooper and also starred Oscar nominated Michael Sheen.
 Stephens next production was the feature film called 'No Way Back Now'about the notorious Manchester district of Moss Side, where Stephen played the lead actor Stuart Gavin,The feature is roughly based on the notorious Gooch gang that terrorised Manchester throughout the years.
 The next move for Stephen was pantomime where he was part of the production Aladdin over the Christmas period of 2015 in Doncaster playing Abanaza the main villain which he did until January 7, 2016!
.
 He has recently been cast in the up-and-coming Feature Film 'Whiteblade' where he will play Thurstan the head Warlord Whiteblade is currently in production and Stephen is shooting his scenes in August 2016.
 In September 2016 Stephen will be presenting the Sky TV show 'Britz go Bollywood' the show consists of a group of Celebrities being dressed by The best Indian designers, Stephen is the main presenter of the show which will be screened live September 2, 2016.
Rose Marie is a 1954 musical adaptation of the 1924 operetta of the same name, the third to be filmed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, following a 1928 silent movie and the best-known of the three, the 1936 Jeanette MacDonald/Nelson Eddy version.
 It is directed by Mervyn LeRoy and stars Ann Blyth, Howard Keel and Fernando Lamas.
 This version is filmed in the Canadian Rockies in CinemaScope.
 It was MGM's first US produced film in the new widescreen medium (having been preceded by the British made Knights of the Round Table) and the first movie musical of any studio to be released in this format.
