Klemens Wenzel Nepomuk Lothar, Prince von Metternich-Winneburg zu Beilstein (15 May 1773 – 11 June 1859) was a German diplomat and statesman and one of the most important of his era, serving as the Austrian Empire's Foreign Minister from 1809 and Chancellor from 1821 until the liberal revolutions of 1848 forced his resignation.
Prince Klemens von Metternich was a German-born Austrian politician and statesman and one of the most important diplomats of his era, serving as the Foreign Minister of the Holy Roman Empire and its successor state, the Austrian Empire, from 1809 until the liberal revolutions of 1848 forced his resignation.
 His influence on historical developments on Europe has been the subject a numerous assessments.
 Some of the subjects that has been assessed are Metternich's over-all diplomatic skills and actual degree of influence, his role in shaping the balance of power in Europe, his relation and influence on nationalist and liberal movements.
Yerzhan Ashikbayev ( Ержан Ашықбаев, born in Almaty) is the Deputy Foreign Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
 He was appointed in 2013.
 Previously, he served as Deputy Head of the Prime Minister's office, Head of Foreign Policy at the office of the President, and Head of the Foreign Minister's Chancellery.
 In his role as deputy foreign minister, Mr. Ashikbayev is the Kazakhstan's diplomatic point person matters of the United Nations and the Americas.
 Mr. Ashikbayev is a lead communicator on the Strategic Partnership Dialogue with the United States.
This page lists Foreign Ministers of Prussia.
 See also Foreign Minister of Germany, Foreign Minister of Bavaria and Minister President of Prussia.
 After the creation of the German Empire in 1871, the Imperial Chancellor was normally also Foreign Minister of Prussia.
 However, during the chancellorship of Prince Hohenlohe (1894–1900), the position was held by the State Secretaries for Foreign Affairs.
Abdul Rahim Ghafoorzai (d. August 21, 1997) was a politician and diplomat of Afghanistan.
 He was an ethnic Pashtun, a member of the Barakzai Mohammadzai tribe.
 During the 1970s he entered the Afghan foreign service.
 He was sent to the United States to represent the political administration supported by the Soviet Union.
 As the Ambassador to the UN, Mr. Ghafoorzai thought it his duty to call on the global partners to denounce the Soviet invasion in 1979.
 From then until 1992, he worked as a representative official to trigger international support against the regime that the Soviets had set up in Afghanistan.
 When the communist government fell in 1992, Ghafoorzai acted as an intermediary to unite the factions of Afghanistan.
 He worked in the United Nations until 1995, and then became deputy foreign minister.
 He became foreign minister in July 1996.
 in September 1996 the government troops withdrew from Kabul and the Taliban captured Afghanistan's capital, Kabul, The International community did not recognize the Taliban as Afghanistan legitimate government except Pakistan, United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia, the Islamic State of Afghanistan government established the new cabinet in Mazar e Sharif in the north of Afghanistan, meanwhile the Afghanistan Embassies and the Permanent Mission of Afghanistan to the United Nations was in control of Islamic State of Afghanistan as legitimate representative of Afghanistan.
 Ghafoorzai continued as Afghanistan Foreign Minister until August 11, 1997, just 10 days before his death, he was appointed prime minister of the Islamic State of Afghanistan government.
 He was killed in a plane crash in Bamyan Province when he was going to negotiate to form his cabinet with their allies.
Lieutenant General Ronnie Shikapwasha (born December 25, 1947) is the former Minister of Information and Broadcasting Services of Zambia.
 He held that post from 2008 until his party, the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD,) lost the elections to the Patriotic Front in September 2011.
 A retired Lt General of the Zambia Air Force, he was previously the home affairs minister of Zambia, from February 9, 2003 until January 2005, when he switched positions with Kalombo Mwansa in a cabinet reshuffle and became foreign minister.
 He served as foreign minister for nearly two years, until another cabinet reshuffle in October 2006 which occurred after Levy Mwanawasa’s election to a second term as president.
 Shikapwasha returned to the position of home affairs minister and was replaced as foreign minister by agriculture minister Mundia Sikatana.
 Shikapwasha hails from Zambia's Central Province and is believed to be a relative to the former First Lady of Zambia, Maureen Kakubo Mwanawasa.
 Gen Shikapwasha is a staunch Christian.
Prince Felix of Schwarzenberg (German: "Felix Prinz zu Schwarzenberg" ; 2 October 1800 – 5 April 1852) was a Bohemian nobleman and an Austrian statesman who restored the Habsburg Empire as a European great power following the Revolutions of 1848.
 He served as Minister-President of the Austrian Empire and Foreign Minister of the Austrian Empire from 1848 to 1852.
The Minister of External Affairs (or simply foreign minister) is the head of the Ministry of External Affairs of the Government of India.
 One of the senior-most offices in the Union Cabinet, the chief responsibility of the Foreign Minister is to represent India and its government in the international community.
 The foreign minister also plays an important role in determining Indian foreign policy.
 Occasionally, the foreign minister is assisted by a Minister of State for External Affairs or the lower-ranked Deputy Minister of External Affairs.
Mohamed El-Amine Souef (born July 1962) is a Comorian diplomat and former foreign minister, ambassador to Egypt, and Permanent Representative to the Arab League (1995–1998).
 He has been appointed deputy Foreign Minister in charge of the Arab World by president Mohamed Taki Abdulkarim in 1998.
 He first became foreign minister in 1999, following the military coup of Azali Assoumani.
 He resigned briefly in January 2002, along with Azali Assoumani, to make way for a transitional government, but he was reappointed a few months later when Assoumani won elections and regained power.
 He lost his post again in July 2005 during a cabinet reshuffle.
 After the reshuffle,Mr. Souef was named Ambassador and Permanent Representative of the Comoros to the United Nations in New York (April 2006).
Previously, in government, He served as Parliamentarian, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation, State Minister in charge of Cooperation, Ambassador to Egypt and Permanent Representative to the Arab League States and, Adviser to the President of the Comoros.
 Mr. Souef is currently serving DPKO after a long carrier within the Government of the Comoros.In peacekeeping, He is currently Head of the MINUSMA Office in Gao/Mali and had been successively Head of the UNAMID Liaison Office in Khartoum and Head of Office in South and North Darfur (UNAMID)since April 2011.
 M.SOUEF is a scholar and an author of five books on politics and geopolitics.
Princess Marie-Clementine Bagration (German: "Marie-Klementine Bagration" ) (1810-1829) was illegitimate daughter of Prince Klemens von Metternich with Princess Catherine Bagration.
