Naked is a 1993 British black comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh and starring David Thewlis as Johnny, a motor-mouthed intellectual and conspiracy theorist.
 Stark and brutal in tone, "Naked" was a departure for Leigh, whose previous works were known for their subtle comedic dissections of middle-class and working-class manners.
 Leigh's "Naked" screenplay relied heavily on lengthy improvisation during rehearsals, but little actual ad-libbing was filmed.
 Critically acclaimed, the film won a number of awards, including best director and best actor at Cannes.
 "Naked" marked a new career high for Leigh as a director and made the then-unknown Thewlis an internationally recognized star.
War Horse is a 2011 British war drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay written by Lee Hall and Richard Curtis, adapted from English author Michael Morpurgo's 1982 novel of the same name.
 The film's cast includes Jeremy Irvine (in his film acting debut), Emily Watson, David Thewlis, Tom Hiddleston, Benedict Cumberbatch, Eddie Marsan, Niels Arestrup, Toby Kebbell, David Kross and Peter Mullan.
 Set before and during World War I, it tells of the journey of Joey, a bay Thoroughbred horse raised by British teenager Albert (Irvine), as he is bought by the British Army, leading him to encounter numerous individuals and owners throughout Europe, all the while experiencing the tragedies of the war happening around him.
Gangster No. 1 (pronounced Gangster Number One) is a 2000 British crime drama film directed by Paul McGuigan and starring Paul Bettany in the title role.
 It also features Malcolm McDowell, David Thewlis and Saffron Burrows.
 It is based on the play "Gangster No.1" by Louis Mellis and David Scinto.
The Big Lebowski is a 1998 British-American crime comedy film written, produced, and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen.
 It stars Jeff Bridges as Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski, a Los Angeles slacker and avid bowler.
 He is assaulted as a result of mistaken identity, after which The Dude learns that a millionaire also named Jeffrey Lebowski was the intended victim.
 The millionaire Lebowski's trophy wife is kidnapped, and he commissions The Dude to deliver the ransom to secure her release; but the plan goes awry when the Dude's friend Walter Sobchak (John Goodman) schemes to keep the ransom money.
 Julianne Moore and Steve Buscemi also star, with David Huddleston, John Turturro, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Sam Elliott, Tara Reid, David Thewlis and Flea appearing in supporting roles.
The Fifth Estate is a 2013 Indian-American biographical thriller film directed by Bill Condon, about the news-leaking website WikiLeaks.
 The film stars Benedict Cumberbatch as its editor-in-chief and founder Julian Assange, and Daniel Brühl as its former spokesperson Daniel Domscheit-Berg.
 Anthony Mackie, David Thewlis, Alicia Vikander, Stanley Tucci, and Laura Linney are featured in supporting roles.
 The film's screenplay was written by Josh Singer based in-part on Domscheit-Berg's book "Inside WikiLeaks: My Time with Julian Assange at the World's Most Dangerous Website" (2011), as well as "" (2011) by British journalists David Leigh and Luke Harding.
 The film's name is a term used to describe the people who operate in the manner of journalists outside the normal constraints imposed on the mainstream media.
Regression is a 2015 Canadian-Spanish-American psychological thriller mystery film directed, produced and written by Alejandro Amenábar.
 The film stars Ethan Hawke and Emma Watson, with David Thewlis, Lothaire Bluteau, Dale Dickey, David Dencik, Peter MacNeill, Devon Bostick and Aaron Ashmore in supporting roles.
This is a list of awards and nominations for "Fargo", an American black comedy–crime drama anthology television series that debuted on FX on April 15, 2014.
 The series stars Billy Bob Thornton, Allison Tolman, Colin Hanks, Martin Freeman, Kirsten Dunst, Patrick Wilson, Jesse Plemons, Jean Smart, Ted Danson, Ewan McGregor, Carrie Coon, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Goran Bogdan, and David Thewlis.
Seven Years in Tibet is a 1997 American biographical war drama film based on the 1952 book of the same name written by Austrian mountaineer Heinrich Harrer on his experiences in Tibet between 1944 and 1951 during World War II, the interim period, and the Chinese People's Liberation Army's invasion of Tibet in 1950.
 Directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and starring Brad Pitt and David Thewlis, the score was composed by John Williams and features cellist Yo-Yo Ma.
The Short and Curlies is a 1987 short film written and directed by Mike Leigh.
 It stars Alison Steadman, Wendy Nottingham, Sylvestra Le Touzel and David Thewlis.
 The hairdressers 'Cynthia's' was in Willesden and exterior locations were in nearby Harlesden.
 Channel Four put up money for the film and, pending the success of this project, agreed to co-produce with Portman Productions Leigh's first feature film since "Bleak Moments" – what became 1988's feature movie "High Hopes" (with music by Rachel Portman).
David Thewlis (born David Wheeler; born 20 March 1963) is an English actor, director, screenwriter, and author.
 His most commercially successful role to date has been that of Remus Lupin in the "Harry Potter" film series.
 Other notable performances include the films "Naked" (for which he won the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival), "Dragonheart", "Kingdom of Heaven", "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas", "The Theory of Everything", "Black Beauty", "Macbeth" (as King Duncan) and "Wonder Woman".
 He has also done voice work in the films "James and the Giant Peach" (1996), "The Miracle Maker" (2000), and "Anomalisa" (2015).
 Thewlis has combined major motion picture work with prominent television roles, including playing Cyrus Crabb in the television miniseries "Dinotopia" and antagonist V.M. Varga in the third season of "Fargo."
