Appy Fizz is a product by Parle Agro, introduced in India in 2005.
 Appy Fizz consists of carbonated apple juice, and is used as the basis for cocktails and is a popular drink with the youth.
 After the success of Appy which was clean apple juice, Parle launched its sequel product as Grappo Fizz, which is a carbonated grape juice.
A Painkiller is a rum cocktail trademarked by Pusser's Rum Ltd, their signature drink.
 It is often associated with Tiki establishments.
 The Painkiller is a blend of Pusser's rum with 4 parts pineapple juice, 1 part cream of coconut and 1 part orange juice, well shaken and served over the rocks with a generous amount of fresh nutmeg on top.
 It may be made with either two, three or four ounces of Pusser's dark rum.
Juice is a beverage made from the extraction or pressing out of the natural liquid contained in fruit and vegetables.
 It can also refer to liquids that are flavored with these or other biological food sources such as meat and seafood (e.g., clam juice).
 Juice is commonly consumed as a beverage or used as an ingredient or flavoring in foods or other beverages, such as smoothies. Juice emerged as a popular beverage choice after the development of pasteurization methods allowed for its preservation without using fermentation (the approach used with wine production).
 The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) estimated the total world production of citrus fruit juices to be 12,840,318 tonnes in 2012.
 The largest fruit juice consumers are New Zealand (nearly a cup, or 8 ounces, each day) and Colombia (more than three quarters of a cup each day).
 Fruit juice consumption on average increased with country income level.
 To the American food industry, fruit juice is more profitable than only fruit.
The Doi Kham Company (Thai : ดอยคำ ) is a rural farm development project of King Bhumibol's started in 1969.
 The meaning of the words "Doi Kham" comes from two northern Thai words.
 The word "doi" means "mountain" or "hill" while the word "kham" is a shortened word for "thongkham" which means "gold".
 The company produces a variety of agricultural products including ready-to-drink fruit juice, fruit juice concentrates, dehydrated fruits, fruit jam, canned fruits, tomato paste, frozen fruit and full fat soya flour.
Natalie's Orchid Island is an American fruit juice brand and the chief marque of the Orchid Island Juice Company.
 The company was founded by Marygrace Sexton, whose husband was a 4th-generation Florida citrus grower based on the family land along the Indian River.
 Marygrace and her husband reformed the family's primarily packing-oriented operation to produce freshly-squeezed juice, and in November 1990 landed the new company's first distribution deal with Carnival Fruit of Miami.
 After a boom of rapid growth, Marygrace turned to her family (the Martinellis) for assistance, and they helped her turn her fledgling outfit into a major juice production facility based out of Fort Pierce, Florida.
The Vampiro is a cold mixed cocktail that includes fruit juice, spices, fruit soda, fresh lime juice, and tequila, a distilled alcoholic beverage that is popular in Mexico.
 The Vampiro "...has a fruity, lightly carbonated, and spicy taste to it."
Pago is a fruit juice producer operating internationally in the fruit juice sector.
 The company has been producing fruit juice for more than 100 year In the past, Pago as a member of the BRAU UNION Group, belongs to the Dutch Heineken Group.
 Heineken sold Pago to GRANINI JUICES.
 In the Netherlands Pago was distributed by Pago Nederland.
 They lost a lawsuit with VRUMONA in 2013.
 Vrumona is doing now distribution in the Netherlands.
Appletiser is a sparkling fruit juice created by blending fruit juice with carbonated water.
 French-Italian immigrant Edmond Lombardi created Appletiser in 1966 in Elgin Valley of the Western Cape, South Africa.
Lebedyansky, a Russian multi-national company that manufacturers fruit juice, baby food, vegetable juice, and soft drinks, which is owned by PepsiCo, is the largest fruit juice manufacturer in Eastern Europe and the sixth largest in the world.
 Lebedyansky has two major production centers, both located in the Lipetsk Oblast.
Chivita 100% is a juice brand manufactured by Chi Limited.
 It was first introduced into the Nigerian market in 1996 as Chivita Premium Fruit Juice.
 The brand’s name was changed in 2014 to Chivita 100% to reflect its 100% fruit juice offering.
