The Royal Australian Navy (RAN) is the naval branch of the Australian Defence Force.
 Following the Federation of Australia in 1901, the ships and resources of the separate colonial navies were integrated into a national force: the Commonwealth Naval Forces.
 Originally intended for local defence, the navy was granted the title of 'Royal Australian Navy' in 1911, and became increasingly responsible for defence of the region.
The Defence Long Service Medal is an Australian Military award given for long service by permanent and reserve members of the Australian Defence Force, irrespective of rank.
 It was introduced in 1998, and replaced the suite of defence force service awards introduced in 1982, which comprised the Defence Force Service Medal, the Reserve Force Medal and the Reserve Force Decoration.
The Yugoslav Navy ("Jugoslavenska ratna mornarica"; JRM) was the naval branch of the Yugoslav People's Army ("Jugoslavenska narodna armija"; JNA).
 Organized as a coastal defence force with the main task of preventing enemy landings on its long and indented coastline, the navy's inventory reflected its foreign relations as well as the growing capabilities of its domestic shipyards and scientific institutions.
 The period immediately after the end of the Second World War was marked by relying on equipment that was captured, salvaged or obtained from the Western Bloc through reparations or lend-lease programs.
The Vietnam People's Navy (Vietnamese: "Hải quân nhân dân Việt Nam" ), commonly known as the Vietnamese Navy or the Vietnamese People's Navy, is the naval branch of the Vietnam People's Army and is responsible for the protection of the country's national waters, islands, and interests of the maritime economy, as well as for the co-ordination of maritime police, customs service and the border defence force.
The Naval Chapel at Garden Island dockyard is the oldest Christian chapel of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
 It was established in 1902 after conversion from the former sail loft, and has stained glass windows and plaques from that era to the present.
 The building is the oldest on Garden Island, two storey, built of stuccoed brick with stone sills, arches and columns.
 The original loft floor of timber remains, caulked with oakum and bitumen.
The Defence Force Service Medal (DFSM) is an Australian Military award given for long service by permanent members of the Australian Defence Force.
 It is part of the suite of defence force service awards introduced in 1982, which also included the Reserve Force Decoration (RFD, for officers of the Australian Defence Force Reserves) and the Reserve Force Medal (RFM, for non-commissioned members of the Reserve forces).
 All three medals were replaced in 2002 with a single medal, the Defence Long Service Medal, which is now awarded to all permanent and reserve members irrespective of rank.
The Australian Transformation and Innovation Centre (ATIC) is a Thales Australia facility based at the Garden Island Naval Base in Sydney.
 It is used to put concepts into action by developing and demonstrating new technological capabilities and engineering solutions.
 The ATIC works with its customers to capture their ideas and then translate these into concept demonstrators.
 The ATIC was officially opened on 15 March 2006 by the then Minister for Defence The Honourable Dr Brendan Nelson, MP.
The Royal Bahamas Defence Force (RBDF) is the navy of The Bahamas.
 Since The Bahamas does not have an army or an air force, its navy composes the entirety of its armed forces.
 Under The Defence Act, the Royal Bahamas Defence Force has been mandated to defend The Bahamas, protect its territorial integrity, patrol its waters, provide assistance in times of disaster, maintain order in conjunction with the law enforcement agencies of The Bahamas, and carry out any such duties as determined by the National Security Council.
 The Defence Force is also a member of Caricom's Regional Security Task Force.
 The task force has seen action in the United Nations mandate in Haiti 1994.
The Royal Australian Navy Heritage Centre is the maritime museum of the Royal Australian Navy.
 The centre opened on 4 October 2005 and is located within the Public Access Area on the northern end of the Garden Island naval base in Sydney.
Admiral Tan Sri Dato' Sri Mohd Anwar bin Haji Mohd Nor, is the Chief of Defence Force, Malaysia.
 He is the first Chief of Defence Force to be appointed from the Royal Malaysian Navy.
 For over five decades previously, the Chief of the Defence Force had traditionally been a 4-star General from the Royal Malaysian Army.
 Anwar broke the tradition by being appointed the first Navy Admiral to be promoted to Chief of Defence Force.
