Ismail Yusuf College, is the fourth oldest college of Mumbai, India.
 "I Y college", as it is popularly known, is managed by Government of Maharashtra.
 It is the oldest college in North Mumbai.
 It was established in 1930 with a large donation from Sir Mohammed Yusuf Ismail,K.T. on Jogeshwari Hill.
 The foundation stone was laid by Sir Leslie Orme Wilson, Governor of Bombay in 1924.
 The vision of founding fathers shape up a temple of learning in the sandstone in the regal Persian style with arches and specious corridors, surrounded by the country's big abundantly bearded banyans and palms.
Campbell Field, officially Marv Kay Stadium at Harry D. Campbell Field, is an American college football stadium located in Golden, Colorado.
 The stadium serves as the home field of the Colorado Mines Orediggers football team representing the Colorado School of Mines.
 Campbell Field is one of the oldest football fields in existence, the oldest west of the Mississippi River and the oldest in NCAA Division II.
 Originally it was a dirt surface all-purpose athletic field in exactly its current configuration, built within a clay pit, a fitting mined-out home for the Orediggers.
 Its first athletic contest, held on May 20, 1893, was the first annual Colorado Inter-Collegiate Athletic Association Field Day, featuring many athletic contests between the University of Colorado, Colorado A&M, Colorado School of Mines, and the University of Denver, in which Mines claimed the most medals.
 Its first football game took place on October 7, 1893, a 6-0 Mines victory over the University of Denver.
 It has been home to the football Orediggers through all but the first five seasons of their existence (their previous home were the now-destroyed grounds at the southeast corner of 19th and Illinois streets in Golden), and has been renovated several times throughout its existence.
 The field was originally called Athletic Park, renamed Brooks Field after Mines trustee and benefactor Ralph D. Brooks in 1922, and renamed Campbell Field after 1939 undefeated team member and benefactor Harry D. Campbell in 2010.
 Campbell Field is the oldest football field in the west, the oldest in NCAA Division II football and the 5th oldest college football field in the nation.
Trinity Hall Boat Club (THBC) is the rowing club of Trinity Hall, a college of the University of Cambridge.
 Founded in 1827 it is amongst the oldest college boat clubs in Cambridge, England.
 Historically, it is the most successful Cambridge college at Henley Royal Regatta with a number of wins, including winning all the events but one in 1887.
The College of Charleston (also known as CofC, The College, or simply, Charleston) is a public sea-grant and space-grant university located in historic downtown Charleston, South Carolina, United States.
 Founded in 1770 and chartered in 1785, it is the oldest college in South Carolina, the 13th oldest institution of higher learning in the United States, and the oldest municipal college in the country.
 The founders of The College include three (at that time) future signers of the Declaration of Independence (Edward Rutledge, Arthur Middleton and Thomas Heyward) and three future signers of the United States Constitution (John Rutledge, Charles Pinckney and Charles Cotesworth Pinckney).
 Founded to "encourage and institute youth in the several branches of liberal education," the university is one of the oldest universities in the United States.
The College of Arts and Sciences of Ohio University is one of eleven colleges at Ohio University, centrally located in Wilson Hall on the College Green in Athens, Ohio.
 The college is often referred to as Ohio University's oldest college, but that reference is not entirely precise.
 Whether or not the college can claim to be the university's oldest, it does remain at the institution's core.
 The college currently features eighteen organized academic departments.
Peterhouse is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England.
 It is the oldest college of the university, having been founded in 1284 by Hugo de Balsham, Bishop of Ely, and granted its charter by King Edward I.
 Today, Peterhouse has 226 undergraduates, 86 full-time graduate students and 45 fellows.
 The modern name of Peterhouse does not include the word "college".
The Doehling–Heselton Memorial Trophy is awarded annually to the winner of the Division III college football game between Ripon College Red Hawks and the Lawrence University Vikings.
 The Ripon-Lawrence rivalry is the oldest college football rivalry in the state of Wisconsin dating back to 1893.
 The game is the 14th oldest college football rivalry in the nation.
 Ripon holds a 56-46-7 advantage in the series.
The Scott Christian College is a college in Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu.
 It was established in 1809.
 It is one "A" College under NAAC ranking and is rated 5-star.
 It is also one of the nine colleges in Tamil nadu which were recognised by the central government as 'Institutes of Potential Research and Excellence' along with Madras University and Madurai Kamaraj University.
 Scott Christian College is one of the earliest colleges in India along with Fort William College, Calcutta, started in 1800 which was closed in 1835, the Hindu College established in 1817 which was later named as Presidency University, Kolkata; the Serampore College in Serampore (Bengal) established in 1818 and the Bishop’s College, Calcutta(1820).
 It is the oldest college in the Erstwhile state of Travancore and Madras Presidency.
 Wikipedia says: "The Maharaja had occasion to visit a school that was imparting instruction in English at Nagarcoil under the auspices of the London Missionary Society (LMS).
 He was impressed by the school and the quality of the education given there and was convinced that the new type of school held out great prospects for the people of the state.
 The school later evolved into Scott Christian College, Nagercoil.
 Shortly thereafter he invited Mr. Roberts who was in-charge of the school at Nagarcoil to come to Thiruvananthapuram and start a similar school there.
 The educationist, who was an Englishman, agreed and a new school was started in 1834."
 The school started by Mr. Roberts has now blossomed into the University College, Thiruvananthapuram.
 So Scott Christian College is also linked to University college, and both are now reputed colleges.
 The alumni of the college are called Scottians.
Wolfson College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge in Cambridge, England.
 The majority of students at the college are postgraduates.
 The college also admits "mature" undergraduates (aged 21 and above), with around 15% of students studying undergraduate degree courses at the university.
 The college was founded in 1965 as "University College", and changed its name to Wolfson College in 1973 in recognition of the benefaction of the Wolfson Foundation.
 Wolfson is located to the west of Cambridge city centre, near the University Library.
 It was the first college of the university to admit men and women as both students and Fellows.
The College of Natural Resources (CNR), a college of the University of California, Berkeley, is the oldest college in the UC system and home to several internationally top-ranked programs.
 CNR is considered to be one of the most prestigious schools in Agricultural Economics in the world, ranking #1 according to the Journal of Agricultural and Applied Economics, #1 by the Chronicle of Higher Education, #1 by Perry for its Ph.D. programs and in International Trade, #1 by the National Research Council in Agricultural & Resource Economics, and #1 by U.S. News in Environmental/Environmental Health.
 In environmental disciplines, QS World Rankings recognizes the University of California, Berkeley, as the world's leading university in Environmental Studies with 100 points in Academic Reputation.
 U.S. News also ranks it as the best global university for environment and ecology.
 A study of AJAE authors and their university affiliations found it to have the highest number of pages per research faculty member.
