Stabat Mater is a work by Gioachino Rossini based on the traditional structure of the Stabat Mater for chorus and soloists.
 Initially he used his own librettos and compositions for a portion of the work and, eventually, the remainder by Giovanni Tadolini, who composed six additional movements.
 Rossini presented the completed work to Varela as his own.
 It was composed late in his career after retiring from the composition of opera.
 He began the work in 1831 but did not complete it until 1841.
Stabat Mater is a one-man funeral doom band from Finland.
 The band was formed in 2001 by Mikko Aspa of Deathspell Omega and Clandestine Blaze fame.
 Stabat Mater received underground acclaim following a 2002 split album with Worship.
 For this release, Stabat Mater contributed a track entitled 'Give Them Pain'.
Stabat Mater is a 2008 piece by the Welsh composer Karl Jenkins, and is based on the 13th-century prayer "Stabat Mater."
 Like much of Jenkins' earlier work, the piece incorporates both traditional Western music (orchestra and choir) with ethnic instruments and vocals - this time focusing on the Middle East.
 The recording features the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra and Chorus, along with two soloists, Lithuanian mezzo-soprano Jurgita Adamonyte, and English musician Belinda Sykes, who both sings and performs on the duduk, an Armenian reed instrument.
Stabat Mater in F minor, D 383, is a musical setting of the "Stabat Mater" sequence, composed by Franz Schubert in 1816.
 It is scored for soprano, tenor and bass soloists, SATB choir, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 2 french horns, 3 trombones, violin I and II, viola, cello and double bass.
Stabat Mater is a musical setting of the "Stabat Mater " sequence, composed by Giovanni Battista Pergolesi in 1736.
 Composed in the final weeks of Pergolesi's life, it is scored for soprano and alto soloists, violin I and II, viola and basso continuo (cello and organ).
Stabat Mater is the sixth full-length album by Stefano Lentini.
 It was released on October 8, 2013.
 The single 'Stabat Mater' is a part of the soundtrack of Wong Kar Wai's The Grandmaster, 2014 Oscar Nominee.
 In an interview with the Pitchfork website, Lentini said: "Sacred music is generally only referred to music based on religious texts.
 I think this is wrong.
 Any kind of music able to convey some Truth about existence should be regarded as “sacred”.
 It is neither a matter of sound nor of musical instrument.
 It is not a genre, but an attitude: whether it is symphonic or indie music, if there is some inner truth in it, a profound expressive intensity, then there’s sacredness.
 Whatever is human is necessarily sacred, because humanity always deserves to be respected and honoured.
 Before being “sacred” for its text, my Stabat Mater is mundanely sacred for the emotions it hopefully arouses".
Stabat Mater, FP 148, is a musical setting of the Stabat Mater sequence composed by Francis Poulenc in 1950.
 Poulenc wrote the piece in response to the death of his friend, artist Christian Bérard; he considered writing a Requiem for Bérard, but, after returning to the shrine of the Black Virgin of Rocamadour, he selected the medieval "Stabat Mater" text.
 Poulenc's setting, scored for soprano solo, mixed chorus, and orchestra, premiered in 1951 at the Strasbourg Festival.
 The "Stabat Mater" was well-received throughout Europe, and in the United States it won the New York Critics’ Circle Award for Best Choral Work of the year.
Stabat Mater in G minor, D 175, is a musical setting of the Latin "Stabat Mater " sequence, composed by Franz Schubert in April 1815.
 It is scored for SATB choir, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 3 trombones, violin I and II, viola, and basso continuo (cello, double bass and organ).
Stabat Mater (Op.
 58, originally Op. 28, B. 71) for soli, choir and orchestra is a religious cantata by the Czech composer Antonín Dvořák based on the text of the Stabat Mater.
 The work was sketched in 1876 and completed in 1877.
Stabat Mater is a musical setting of the Stabat Mater sequence composed by Arvo Pärt in 1985, a commission of the Alban Berg Foundation.
 The piece is scored for a trio of singers: soprano, alto, and tenor; and a trio of string instruments violin, viola, and violoncello; it has a duration of approximately 24 minutes.
 A version with expanded forces (mixed chorus and orchestra) was premiered on June 12, 2008 at the Großen Musikvereinssaal during the Wiener Festwochen 2008 with Kristjan Järvi conducting the Singverein der Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde in Wien and the Tonkünstler-Orchester Niederösterreich.
 This new version was commissioned by the Tonkünstler-Orchester.
 "Stabat Mater" is composed in Pärt's characteristic tintinnabuli style (which he has employed nearly exclusively since 1976) in which arpeggiations of a major or minor triad are combined with ascending or descending diatonic scales.
