Bleeding Oath were an English progressive rock band from London, formed in 2009.
 The lineup consisted of Robert Heyg (vocals, guitar), Micah Douglas (guitar), Moat "Literally Large" Lowe (bass) and Harrison White (drums).
 They gained notoriety for their large Facebook campaigns, irreverent attitude and self-deprecating humour, as evidenced by the group and its fans getting artists from various major groups, including Andrew W.K., DragonForce, Jason Aalon Butler of letlive.
 and Mikael Åkerfeldt of Opeth (who the band are heavily influenced by) to tell them, in jest, to "fuck off".
 Along with Opeth, the band cited groups such as Between the Buried and Me, Mastodon and Cynic as influences, as well as progressive metal, 20th-century classical music and jazz.
Watershed is the ninth full-length studio album by the Swedish heavy metal band Opeth.
 Released by Roadrunner Records, "Watershed" is the first studio album by Opeth to feature guitarist Fredrik Åkesson and drummer Martin Axenrot, who replaced longtime guitarist Peter Lindgren and drummer Martin Lopez.
 The artwork for the album was made by Travis Smith (who has created the artwork for eight previous Opeth releases) in collaboration with Mikael Åkerfeldt.
 The album is, as of 2017, the band's last studio album to contain death growls or any death metal elements.
 The song "The Lotus Eater" was featured in the video game "".
 As of December 8th, 2015, the song "Heir Apparent" is available for download in the video game "Rock Band 4".
Sörskogen was a Swedish progressive rock project Mikael Åkerfeldt of Opeth and Dan Swanö started for fun.
 Both musicians are known for their wide musical interests.
 The project was supposedly named after a small community near the Stockholm suburb Huddinge where Mikael practiced with his first band Eruption in the late 1980s.
 At the Opeth concert on December 18, 2008, Mikael Åkerfeldt claimed to have played soccer for the Sörskogen IF soccer club.
 Sörskogen is heavily influenced by 1970s prog rock bands, Camel to name but one.
 Not much is known about the project, except a few references made by Mikael in interviews.
Katatonia is a Swedish metal band formed in Stockholm in 1991 by Jonas Renkse and Anders Nyström.
 The band started as a studio-only project for the duo, as an outlet for the band's love of death metal.
 Increasing popularity lead them to add more band members for live performances, though outside of the band's founders, the lineup was constantly changing, revolving door of musicians throughout the 1990s, notably including Mikael Åkerfeldt of the band Opeth for a period.
 After two death/doom albums, "Dance of December Souls" (1993) and "Brave Murder Day" (1996), problems with Renkse's vocal cords coupled with new musical influences lead the band away from the screamed vocals of death metal to a more traditional, melodic form of heavy metal music.
 The band released two more albums, "Discouraged Ones" (1998) and "Tonight's Decision" (1999), before settling into a stable quintet lineup for all of 2000's.
 The band released four more albums with said lineup - "Last Fair Deal Gone Down" (2001), "Viva Emptiness" (2003), "The Great Cold Distance" (2006), and "Night Is the New Day" (2009), with the band slowly moving away from their metal sound while adding more progressive rock sounds to their work over time.
 While lineup changes started up again into the 2010s, Renkse and Nyström persisted, and the band continued to release music, including "Dead End Kings" (2012) and their most recent, their tenth studio album, "The Fall of Hearts", released on May 20, 2016.
Christopher John Cheney (born 2 January 1975) is an Australian rock musician, record producer and studio owner.
 He is the founding mainstay guitarist, songwriter and lead vocalist of the psychobilly band, The Living End, which was formed in 1994 with school mate Scott Owen.
 Cheney wrote the group's top 20 hits on the ARIA Singles Chart: "Second Solution" / "Prisoner of Society" (1997), "All Torn Down" (1999), "Pictures in the Mirror" (2000), "Roll On" (2001), "One Said to the Other" (2003), "What's on Your Radio" (2005), "Wake Up" (2006) and "White Noise" (2008).
 In 2004 Cheney joined the super group The Wrights which put out a cover version of Stevie Wright's epic 11-minute track, "Evie" as a single.
 At the APRA Awards of 2009 Cheney won 'Song of the Year' for writing The Living End's track, "White Noise".
 In 2005 he married Emma, the couple have two daughters and are co-owners of a recording facility, Red Door Studios.
 In 2011 the Cheney family relocated to Los Angeles.
The Roundhouse Tapes is a live double album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth.
 The CD was recorded on November 9, 2006, and was released on November 5, 2007, in Europe, and on November 20, 2007, in the rest of the world.
 A two disc DVD version was released on November 10, 2008, and includes exclusive menu music written by Mikael Åkerfeldt and Per Wiberg.
 The title is a play on the name of Iron Maiden's first release "The Soundhouse Tapes", as well as the venue where the record was recorded.
 Åkerfeldt said, "The Roundhouse concert will always be a very memorable gig for us for many reasons, but most importantly it caught the band at the peak of the "Ghost Reveries" tour".
OSI is an American progressive rock band, originally formed by Fates Warning guitarist Jim Matheos in 2002.
 Chroma Key keyboardist and vocalist Kevin Moore is the only other full-time member of the band.
 The collaboration may be considered a studio project, as its members and contributors write and track most of their material independently, sharing and developing tracks long-distance, only coming together at the end of the process for mixing and additional tracking.
 The band's name is a reference to the Office of Strategic Influence, a short-lived American government agency formed in 2001 to support the War on Terror through propaganda.
 The band has featured a number of guest musicians on its albums, including Sean Malone, Steven Wilson, Mikael Åkerfeldt, Joey Vera and Gavin Harrison.
Storm Corrosion was a musical collaboration between Mikael Åkerfeldt of Swedish progressive metal band Opeth and Steven Wilson, an English solo artist and frontman of the progressive rock band Porcupine Tree.
 Åkerfeldt and Wilson began a longstanding musical partnership in 2001 when Wilson produced Opeth's fifth studio album "Blackwater Park".
 The two began writing together for a new project in 2010, releasing their self-titled first studio album on May 8, 2012 through Roadrunner Records.
"Dirty Man" is the third single from The Living End's second album "Roll On".
 It was released on 22 October 2001.
 The single was relatively unsuccessful due to relentless touring outside Australia and the car crash of Chris Cheney in September 2001 leading to a lack of promotion.
 The second track on the single, "Revolution Regained", was written by Cheney and originally performed by the band on "Roll On" however for the single they included a version recorded by the Dili Allstars (an East Timorese reggae/ska band based in Melbourne).
 The third track is a cover of the Cole Porter song, "I Get A Kick Out Of You".
Joe Piripitzi is an Australian rock musician.
 He was the founding drummer of the rockabilly band, The Living End, from 1994 to 1996; which formed in Melbourne with Chris Cheney on lead guitar and lead vocals, and Scott Owen on double bass and backing vocals.
 Cheney considered Piripitzi to be ideal due to his charismatic appearance.
 Piripitzi is recorded on their first two extended plays, "Hellbound" (1995) and "It's for Your Own Good" (November 1996).
