US Airways Express was the brand name for the regional affiliate of US Airways, under which a number of individually owned commuter air carriers and regional airlines operate short and medium haul routes.
 This code sharing service was previously operated as USAir Express.
 Mainline carriers often outsource to regional airlines to operate services in order to increase frequency, serve routes that would not sustain larger aircraft, or for other competitive reasons.
 US Airways Express operations were conducted from smaller markets in the United States, Canada, and the Bahamas primarily centered on US Airways' major hubs and focus cities.
 Upon the completion of US Airways' merger process with American Airlines, US Airways Express was rebranded as American Eagle on October 17, 2015.
Stephen M. Wolf (born 1941) assumed his current position as chairman of R. R. Donnelley & Sons Company in March 2004.
 He has been the managing partner of Alpilles, LLC, since April 1, 2003.
 In April 2009 he became chairman of Trilantic Capital Partners, which was previously Lehman Brothers Merchant Banking.
 Before becoming managing partner of Alpilles, Wolf was chairman of US Airways.
 Wolf was chairman and chief executive officer of US Airways from January 16, 1996, until November 18, 1998, when he turned over his chief executive officer title to another executive.
 Wolf was responsible for the company's rebranding to US Airways from its previous identity, USAir.
 During Wolf's tenure, US Airways also placed an order for up to 400 Airbus A320-series narrow-body aircraft, with 120 firm orders at the time of the order signing; at the time, the order was regarded as the largest bulk aircraft request in history.
 Prior to joining US Airways, Wolf had served since 1994 as senior advisor to Lazard Frères.
 From 1987 until it was purchased by its employees in July 1994 he was chairman and chief executive officer of UAL Corporation and United Airlines, Inc.
The 2007–2008 CBS News writers strike is a strike action by news writers working for the U.S.-based news broadcaster CBS News.
 The strike began on November 19, 2007.
 In addition to CBS News, CBS's locally owned and operated station news operations (including CBS Radio's news radio stations like WCBS, WBBM, KYW and KNX) have been without a contract with the network since April 2005.
 While most news writers are members of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists, a labor union representing workers in the entertainment industry, CBS News and CBS-owned news station employees are represented by the Writers Guild of America.
 On November 19, 2007, employees voted to authorize strike action along with the rest of the guild.
 Democratic presidential candidates John Edwards, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Chris Dodd, Joe Biden and Bill Richardson said they would not cross picket lines for appearances on interview shows or a candidate debate.
Chesley Burnett "Sully" Sullenberger III (born 1951) is an American retired airline captain celebrated for the January 15, 2009 water landing of US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River off Manhattan after the plane was disabled by striking a flock of Canada geese immediately after takeoff; all 155 people aboard survived.
 Sullenberger is an international speaker on airline safety and has helped develop new protocols for airline safety.
 He served as the co-chairman, along with First Officer Jeffrey Skiles, of the EAA's Young Eagles youth introduction-to-aviation program from 2009 to 2013.
 He retired from US Airways after 30 years as a commercial pilot on March 3, 2010.
 In May of the following year, Sullenberger was hired by CBS News as an Aviation and Safety Expert.
Sully (also known as Sully: Miracle on the Hudson) is a 2016 American biographical drama film directed by Clint Eastwood and written by Todd Komarnicki, based on the autobiography "" by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow.
 The film stars Tom Hanks as Sullenberger, with Aaron Eckhart, Laura Linney, Anna Gunn, Autumn Reeser, Holt McCallany, Jamey Sheridan, and Jerry Ferrara in supporting roles.
 The film follows Sullenberger's January 2009 emergency landing of US Airways Flight 1549 on the Hudson River, in which all 155 passengers and crew survived with only minor injuries, and the subsequent publicity and investigation.
Emergency Landing (a.k.a. Robot Pilot) is a 1941 American aviation spy-fi romantic screwball comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 The film stars Forrest Tucker in his second film and in his first leading role with co-stars Carol Hughes and Evelyn Brent.
 "Emergency Landing" features lots of mismatched stock footage of various types of aircraft.
US Airways (formerly known as USAir) was a major American airline that ceased to operate independently when the Federal Aviation Administration granted a single operating certificate (SOC) for US Airways and American Airlines on April 8, 2015.
 Publicly, the two carriers appeared to merge when their reservations systems and booking processes were merged on October 17, 2015; however, other systems were still separate at that time.
 The airline had an extensive international and domestic network, with 193 destinations in 24 countries in North America, South America, Europe and the Middle East.
 The airline was a member of the Star Alliance, before becoming an affiliate member of Oneworld in March 2014.
 US Airways utilized a fleet of 343 mainline jet aircraft, as well as 278 regional jet and turbo-prop aircraft operated by contract and subsidiary airlines under the name US Airways Express via code sharing agreements.
Marden Airfield was an airfield in Marden, Kent, United Kingdom.
 It was operation from 1917 to 1935.
 Initially a Royal Flying Corps airfield during the First World War it was used post-war as an Emergency Landing Strip, RAF Marden by the Royal Air Force.
 It was also known as Pagehurst Emergency Landing Ground.
 Later serving as a civil Emergency Landing Ground, the airfield closed in 1935.
 The site housed a Royal Air Force transmitter station during the Second World War.
Emergency management is the discipline of dealing with and avoiding risks.
 The concept and terminology "pet emergency management" was developed by renowned pet safety expert Ines de Pablo in the spring of 2007.
 "Defining pet emergency management" is a registered trademark of Ms. de Pablo's company, namely Wag'N Enterprises.
 With her background in the field of emergency management, Ms. de Pablo determined it was time to apply her expertise to the pet world/industry.
 Pet emergency management is the application of emergency management practices in regards to pet safety.
 It involves mitigation measures (i.e. accident avoidance for pet owners, continuity of operations for pet businesses); preparedness (i.e. pet parents learning pet first aid skills, training of first responders in animal handling, pet businesses developing evacuation, emergency drills and continuity of operation plans, etc.); response (i.e. the application of pet first aid skills, use of pet first aid equipment, organized evacuation of residences and animal shelters, etc.) as well as recovery efforts.
US Airways Group Inc. was an airline holding company based in Tempe, Arizona.
 US Airways Group operated US Airways, along with its subsidiaries PSA Airlines, Inc. and Piedmont Airlines, Inc., which are wholly owned but marketed under the branding of US Airways Express.
 It merged with America West Holdings Corporation, parent of America West Airlines, in 2005, and the combined company adopted the better-known US Airways name; the two airlines' operating certificates merged in 2007.
 It also operates additional companies that provide associated services.
 ACE Aviation Holdings, the Canadian parent of Air Canada retained a roughly 6.1% investment stake in US Airways Group.
 The route network covered destinations in 47 states, as well as international destinations.
