The "Konzertmusik" for Brass and String Orchestra, Op. 50, is a work by Paul Hindemith, composed in 1930.
 It was one of a large group of pieces commissioned for the 50th anniversary of the Boston Symphony Orchestra by its music director, Serge Koussevitzky (others include the Piano Concerto in G major by Maurice Ravel, the Symphony of Psalms by Igor Stravinsky, and Aaron Copland's "Symphonic Ode").
 Koussevitzky conducted the premiere of Hindemith's work with the Boston Symphony Orchestra on 3 April 1931.
This is a list of casts for the ballet La valse made by New York City Ballet co-founder and founding choreographer George Balanchine to the eponymous 1920 music of Maurice Ravel (with additions from Ravel's 1911 "Valses nobles et sentimentales" in his orchestration of 1912).
 The premiere took place Tuesday, February 20th, 1951, at City Center of Music and Drama in New York City with costumes by Karinska and lighting by Jean Rosenthal.
Ingmar Piano Duo is a pianistic duo (two pianos) founded by Serbian pianists and piano professors Slobodanka Stevic and Aleksandar Gligic in 2005.
 Duo's first musical cd edition was published by Austrian piano manufacturer Wendl & Lung in Vienna, presenting works by Piazzolla, Barber and Kovacevic.
 Ingmar Piano Duo was invited to and performed at World Piano Conference EPTA 2009, playing Symphonic Dances (two piano edition) by Sergei Rachmaninoff.
 As a result of this notable success, an invitation was forwarded to the Duo to compete at 19th International Piano Competition ROMA 2009 in Rome, Italy, where they were announced winners of the piano duo category, winning as well special award of Sergio Calligaris, for best performance of a work by this Italian contemporary composer.
 Ingmar Piano Duo has shown a tendency to give a world premiere performance of works by contemporary composers (Vrebalov, Mudi).
 Ingmar Piano Duo has recorded for Musical Archives of Radio-Television of Vojvodina pieces by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Maurice Ravel, Aleksandra Vrebalov and Sergio Calligaris.
 In 2010, the Duo qualified for semi-final round at the World Piano Competition in San Marino, entering the circle of 12 best piano duos from over a hundred that applied for the competition.
Pierre Joseph Ravel (1832–1908) was a Swiss civil engineer and inventor, father of the composer Maurice Ravel.
 He was a pioneer of the automobile industry.
Mârouf, savetier du Caire ("Marouf, Cobbler of Cairo") is an "opéra comique" by the French composer Henri Rabaud.
 The libretto, by Lucien Nepoty, is based on a tale from the "Arabian Nights".
 "Mârouf" was first performed at the Opéra-Comique, Paris, on 15 May 1914.
 The premiere was a great success and "Mârouf" became Rabaud's most popular opera.
 The score makes great use of oriental colour.
 The United States premiere of the opera was given at the Metropolitan Opera on December 19, 1917, with Giuseppe De Luca in the title role, Frances Alda as Princess Saamcheddine, and Pierre Monteux conducting.
 The opera was revived at the Opéra-Comique in 2013 in a production by Jérôme Deschamps, with Jean-Sébastien Bou in the title role, conducted by Alain Altinoglu.
Pierre Benjamin Monteux (] ; 4 April 18751 July 1964) was a French (later American) conductor.
 After violin and viola studies, and a decade as an orchestral player and occasional conductor, he began to receive regular conducting engagements in 1907.
 He came to prominence when, for Sergei Diaghilev's Ballets Russes company between 1911 and 1914, he conducted the world premieres of Stravinsky's "The Rite of Spring" and other prominent works including "Petrushka", Ravel's "Daphnis et Chloé", and Debussy's "Jeux".
 Thereafter he directed orchestras around the world for more than half a century.
Shéhérazade is the title of two works by the French composer Maurice Ravel.
 Both have their origins in the composer's fascination with Scheherazade, the heroine and narrator of "The Arabian Nights".
 The first work, an overture (1898), Ravel's earliest surviving orchestral piece, was not well received at its premiere and has not subsequently been among his most popular works.
 Four years later he had a much greater success with a song cycle with the same title, which has remained a standard repertoire piece and has been recorded many times.
La reine Fiammette is an opera in four acts by composer Xavier Leroux.
 The opera uses a French language libretto by Catulle Mendès which is based on Mendès's 1898 work of the same name, a "conte dramatique" in six acts set in Renaissance Italy.
 The opera's premiere was given by the Opéra-Comique at the Salle Favart theatre in Paris on 23 December 1903.
 The production was directed by Albert Carré and conducted by André Messager.
 The United States premiere of the work was given at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City on 24 January 1919.
 That production was directed by Richard Ordynski, conducted by Pierre Monteux, and starred Geraldine Farrar as Orlanda, Hipolito Lazaro as Danièlo, Adamo Didur as Giorgio, Léon Rothier as César, and Flora Perini as Pantasilée.
 Up to the Second World War the opera received 59 performances at the Opéra-Comique.
Louise Ochsé was a Franco-Belgian sculptor born in the suburbs of Brussels, Belgium, at the end of the 19th century.
 Initially she studied under Constantin Meunier.
 She moved to Paris and exhibited her works at the Salon de la Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts between 1905 and 1914 and at the Salon de la Libre Esthétique from 1906 to 1912.
 On the occasion of her exhibit at the Galerie Boutet de Monvel in 1912, the poet and writer Guillaume Apollinaire praised her work.
 Examples of her art include a bust of Maurice Ravel which now is exhibited at the composer Maurice Ravel museum in the town of Montfort-L'Amaury, outside of Paris, and a bronze mask of composer Claude Debussy which was exhibited at the Musée d'Orsay October 2008 to February 2009.
 A bronze plaque entitled "Challenge de Gramont" is on display at the Fogg Museum.
Le Tombeau de Couperin is a ballet made by New York City Ballet co-founder and founding choreographer George Balanchine to Maurice Ravel's 1919 music of the same title, orchestrated by the composer.
 The premiere took place as part of City Ballet's Ravel Festival on 29 May 1975 at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center.
