Sinhawalokanaya (සිංහාවලෝකනය - Lion's Pride) is a 2011 Sinhala history, sport film written and directed by Suneth Malinga Lokuhewa.
 The film features Delon Jayasinghe and Raini Charuka Goonatillake in the leading roles while Menaka Rajapakse, Sanath Gunathilake, Kumara Thirimadura, Mihira Sirithilaka, Kanchana Mendis, Pubudu Chathuranga and Cletus Mendis also play key supporting roles.
 The Sri Lanka cricket star, Tillakaratne Dilshan also played a supporting role.
 Produced by EAP circuit cinemas, the film had music scored by Rookantha Gunathilake and Ravihans Wetakepotha.
 It released in January 2011 and was a very big commercial hit in Sri Lankan Film History in that year.
 But it received negative reviews from Critics.
 This is the 1150th film in Sri Lanka cinema.
Northern Railway Stadium is a multi purpose stadium in Bikaner, Rajasthan.
 The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
 The stadium has hosted five first-class matches in 1976 when Rajasthan cricket team played against Vidarbha cricket team.
 The ground hosted four more first-class matches from 1978 to 1995.
 The stadium also hosted two List A matches when Willis XI played against Madhya Pradesh cricket team and against Central Zone cricket team played against West Zone cricket team but since then the stadium has hosted non-first-class matches.
Inzamam-ul-Haq (   ;Punjabi, Urdu: ‎ ; born 3 March 1970), also known as "Inzy", is a former Pakistani cricketer, and former captain.
 The leading run scorer for Pakistan in one-day internationals, and the third-highest run scorer for Pakistan in Test cricket, after Younis Khan and Javed Miandad, Inzamam is considered one of all time legends of world cricket.
 He was the captain of the Pakistan national cricket team from 2003–07 and is considered to be one of the best leaders in Pakistan Cricket history.
 Inzamam currently serves as the chief selector of Pakistan cricket team.
The India A cricket team is a national cricket team representing India.
 It is the 'second-tier' of Indian international cricket, below the full India national cricket team.
 The team is currently captained by Cheteshwar Pujara in first-class cricket, Manish Pandey in List A cricket and Mandeep Singh in Twenty20 cricket.
 The team is coached by former India captain Rahul Dravid.
Dandeniya Hemachandra De Silva (5 November 1932 - 25 April 2014) was a Sri Lankan cricket player.
 Commonly known as D.H. de Silva, he was educated at Mahinda College, Galle and at the University of Peradeniya.
 He captained both his school cricket team and the university cricket team, before representing Nomads Sports Club and Sinhalese Sports Club in Sri Lankan first class cricket.
 He was a founding member of the Nomads Sports club and is a former captain of the Nomads cricket team.
Tamil Nadu Agricultural Research Institute Ground is a multi purpose stadium in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu.
 The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
 The stadium has hosted three Ranji Trophy match in 1965 when Madras cricket team played against Andhra cricket team.
 The ground hosted two more Ranji Trophy matches in 1976 when Tamil Nadu cricket team played against Andhra cricket team and again in 1990 when Tamil Nadu cricket team played against Karnataka cricket team but since then the stadium has hosted non-first-class matches.
Dileepa Wickramasinghe is a former Sri Lankan cricketer and a cricket administrator.
 He was a top-order batsman who represented Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka A and Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club in First class and List A cricket.
 After the retirement from cricket he served as the manager of the Sri Lanka A cricket team and as a selector of the Sri Lanka national cricket team.
 Born in Hackney, London, he was educated at Mahinda College, Galle, where he started his cricket career.
 He captained the college cricket team in 1984 and represented Sri Lanka Under-19 cricket team in the same year.
 His younger brother Duminda Wickramasinghe was also a first class cricketer in Sri Lanka.
Bhamashah Stadium is cricket ground in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh.
 It has hosted five matches for Uttar Pradesh cricket team till November 2013 since making its debut in 2003 when Uttar Pradesh cricket team played against Punjab cricket team as match ended in a draw.
 Manish Pandey scored 194 in a match between Karnataka cricket team and home team Uttar Pradesh cricket team.
 The stadium is home of Indian fast-bowler Praveen Kumar and Bhuvneshwar Kumar.
It is domestic cricket stadium and large stadium.
Rashid Latif (born 14 October 1968), is a former Pakistani cricketer and former captain, who played Pakistani cricket team in Test cricket and One Day International matches, between 1992 and 2003 as a wicket keeper right-handed batsman.
 He also served as the captain of the Pakistan cricket team in 2003.
Abdul Qadir Khan (Urdu: ‎ , born 15 September 1955 in Lahore) is a former Pakistani international cricketer whose main role was as a leg spin bowler.
 Later he was a commentator and Chief Selector of the Pakistan Cricket Board, from which post he resigned because of differences with the top brass of Pakistan cricket.
 Qadir appeared in 67 Test and 104 One Day International (ODI) matches between 1977 and 1993, and captained the Pakistan cricket team in five ODIs.
 In Test cricket, his best performance for a series was 30 wickets for 437 runs, against England in 1987.
 His best bowling figures for an innings were nine wickets for 56 against the same team at the Gaddafi Stadium.
 In ODIs, his best bowling figures were five wickets for 44 runs against Sri Lanka during the 1983 Cricket World Cup.
 He was a member of the Pakistani team in the 1983 and 1987 Cricket World Cups. Yahoo! Cricket described Qadir as "a master of the leg-spin" who "mastered the googlies, the flippers, the leg-breaks and the topspins."
 He is widely regarded as a top spin bowler of his generation and was included in Richie Benaud's Greatest XI shortlist of an imaginary cricket team from the best players available from all countries and eras.
 Former English captain Graham Gooch said that "Qadir was even finer than Shane Warne".
