The expression "Giant of Castelnau" refers to three bone fragments (a humerus, tibia, and femoral mid-shaft) discovered by Georges Vacher de Lapouge in 1890 in the sediment used to cover a Bronze Age burial tumulus, and then possibly dating back to the Neolithic.
 According to de Lapouge, the fossil bones may belong to one of the largest humans known to have existed.
 He estimated from the bone size that the human may have been about 3.50 metres tall.
 No modern peer-reviewed study has been published about the alleged giant bone fragments.
The Ascension night heron ("Nycticorax olsoni") is an extinct night heron species from the genus "Nycticorax" endemic to the South Atlantic island of Ascension.
 It is predominantly known from the bone fragments of six specimens found in guano deposits and caves on Ascension Island and described by Philip Ashmole, Kenneth Edwin Laurence Ryder Simmons, and William Richmond Postle Bourne in 2003.
Ascocotyle pindoramensis is a fluke in the genus "Ascocotyle" that occurs along the eastern coast of the Americas from Brazil to Nicaragua, Mexico, Louisiana, and Florida and doubtfully in Egypt.
 It occurs in the intestine of its definitive hosts. Hosts recorded in the wild include the least bittern ("Ixobrychus exilis"), roseate spoonbill ("Platalea ajaja"), great blue heron ("Ardea herodias"), striated heron ("Butorides striatus"), stripe-backed bittern ("Ixobrychus involucris"), yellow-crowned night heron ("Nyctanassa violacea"), black-crowned night heron ("Nycticorax nycticorax"), osprey ("Pandion haliaetus"), Neotropic cormorant ("Phalacrocorax brasilianus"), and marsh rice rat ("Oryzomys palustris").
 In the marsh rice rat, it infected 9% of rats examined in a 1970–1972 study in the salt marsh at Cedar Key, Florida, but none in a freshwater marsh.
 "A. pindoramensis" has been experimentally introduced into the domestic duck ("Anas platyrhynchos domestica"), chicken ("Gallus gallus domestica"), dog ("Canis lupus familiaris"), house mouse ("Mus musculus"), and golden hamster ("Mesocricetus auratus").
 It occurs in various body parts of its intermediate hosts—the poeciliid fish "Phalloptychus januarius", "Poecilia catemaconis", "Poecilia mexicana", "Poecilia mollienisicola", "Poecilia vivipara", and a species of "Xiphophorus" and the cichlid "Tilapia".
 It was first described as "Pygidiopsis pindoramensis" in 1928 and subsequently as "Pseudoascocotyle mollienisicola" in 1960.
 The latter species was moved to "Ascocotyle" in 1963, but only in 2006 it was recognized that the two represent the same species, which is now known as "Ascocotyle pindoramensis".
 Other flukes from Argentina and Mexico that were identified as "Pygidiopsis pindoramensis" instead represent a different species of "Pygidiopsis".
Bone Cabin Quarry was a dinosaur quarry that laid approximately fifty-five miles northwest of Laramie, Wyoming near historic Como Bluff.
 During the summer of 1897 Walter W. Granger, a paleontologist from the American Museum of Natural History, came upon a hillside littered with Jurassic period dinosaur bone fragments.
 Nearby was a sheepherder's cabin built entirely out of fossil bones, hence the name "Bone Cabin Quarry."
 After Granger's discovery in late August 1897, the quarry was kept secret until the summer of 1898, when the manpower could be amassed to undertake a full-scale excavation.
 Bone Cabin Quarry was excavated from 1898 until 1905, when the productivity of specimens thinned.
 Some of the dinosaurs found at the Bone Cabin Quarry include "Stegosaurus", "Allosaurus" and "Apatosaurus". "
Gargoyleosaurus" is also known from the Bone Cabin Quarry West locality.
The white-bellied heron ("Ardea insignis"), also known as the imperial heron or great white-bellied heron, is a species of large heron found in the foothills of the eastern Himalayas in India, northeastern Bangladesh, Burma and Bhutan.
 Additionally, there are records from Nepal.
 It is mostly dark grey with a white throat and underparts.
 This heron is mostly solitary and is found on undisturbed riverside or wetland habitats.
 The global population has declined and the species is threatened by disturbance and habitat degradation.
 The species is currently listed as Critically Endangered by the IUCN.
The Mauritius night heron ("Nycticorax mauritianus") is an extinct night heron species from Mauritius.
 It is only known by seven subfossil bone remains consisted of cranium, pelvis, coracoid, ulna, radius, and tarsometatarsus found in Mare aux Songes.
 Only the coracoid and the tarsometatarsus are left today.
 It was scientifically discussed in 1893 by Alfred Newton and Hans Gadow from the Cambridge University.
 Newton and Gadow measured the tarsometatarsus with 81 to 87 mm.
 It became presumedly extinct in the late 17th century and was probably first mentioned by François Leguat in 1693 who described them as "great flight of bitterns".
The Bermuda night heron ("Nyctanassa carcinocatactes") is an extinct heron species from Bermuda.
 It is sometimes assigned to the genus "Nycticorax".
 It was first described in 2006 by Storrs L. Olson and David B. Wingate from subfossil material found in the Pleistocene and Holocene deposits in caves and ponds of Bermuda.
 Its anatomy was rather similar to its living relative, the yellow-crowned night heron ("N. violacea"), but it had a heavier bill, a more massive skull and more robust hind limbs.
 The specialization of the bill and the hind limbs showed that it was apparently adapted to the feeding on land crabs.
 There are also early historian reports referring to that species.
 It possibly became extinct due to the settlement of the Bermuda islands in the 17th century.
The Japanese night heron ("Gorsachius goisagi") is a species of night heron found in East Asia.
 It breeds in Japan, and winters in the Philippines and Indonesia.
 It is also seen in the spring and summer in Korea and the Russian Far East.
The black-crowned night heron ("Nycticorax nycticorax"), commonly shortened to just night heron in Eurasia, is a medium-sized heron found throughout a large part of the world, except in the coldest regions and Australasia (where it is replaced by the closely related rufous night heron, with which it has hybridized in the area of contact).
The Lydenburg Heads refer to seven terracotta heads that were discovered in association with other pottery artefacts in Lydenburg, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
 They are among the oldest known African Iron Age artworks from below the equator.
 Other artefacts found in association with these heads include ceramic vessels, iron and copper beads, and bone fragments.
 Charcoal associated with the heads was Radiocarbon dated, and this relative dating technique places these artefacts and the site at around 1410 BP (approximately 500 A.D.), which constitutes one of the earliest dates for an Iron Age settlement in South Africa.
