South Holland School District 151 is an elementary school district in South Holland, a Chicago suburb located in southern Cook County, Illinois.
 It is composed of four schools; three elementary schools and one junior high school.
 Students begin their education in the district at Taft School; prekindergarteners, kindergarteners, and first graders are educated here under supervision of principal Anthony Palomo.
 Students then proceed to Eisenhower School, where they will remain until third grade; the school's principal is Dr. Rhonda Towner.
 The third and final elementary school in the district educates fourth and fifth graders, and is called Madison School; Madison's principal is Regina Bridges.
 Graduates of Madison move on to Coolidge Middle School, where they will remain until graduating from the eighth grade.
 The principal of the district's middle school is Patricia Payne.
Moondance is an online international women's literary, culture and art journal.
 The magazine began in 1996.
Begin, A Tactical Starship Simulation is a computer game which was released in 1984 and consists of combat between spaceships.
 It is a tactical starship simulator where the player commands a fleet of ships against an alien force.
 In the early 1990s, it was followed by "Begin 2".
 "Begin 3" for Windows was released in March 2009.
 In 1996, Michael Feir stated that "Begin 2" is "the best and most
Brendan Grace (born 1 April 1951) is an Irish comedian and singer.
 He is known for his comedy schoolboy character "Bottler", the role of Murphy in the 1995 movie "Moondance", and his 1996 appearance in the Irish TV sitcom "Father Ted" as Father Fintan Stack.
The .240 Holland & Holland Magnum (also known as the .240 Apex, .240 Belted Nitro Express, .240 Magnum Rimless, or .240 Super Express) is a centrefire sporting rifle cartridge developed in England in the 1920s, primarily for use in hunting deer and plains game.
 This round has always been closely associated with the firm of Holland & Holland, rifle and gun makers of London, England, which has built more magazine and double rifles in this calibre than anyone else.
 A rimmed variant of this cartridge, known as the .240 Magnum Flanged, was developed for use in double rifles.
The Holland class were the first submarines built for the Royal Navy.
 They were built by Vickers, Barrow-in-Furness.
 The first three were designed by John Philip Holland.
 The Hollands were built under licence from the Holland Torpedo Boat Company/Electric Boat Company during the years 1901 to 1903.
 The Admiralty of the Royal Navy hoped to keep the Holland class a secret and very few senior officers even knew of their existence.
 This led to the myth of the Admiralty not taking any interest in submarines.
 On the contrary, the Admiralty was well aware of the submarine's destructive potential.
 It therefore refrained from any submarine development program so as to avoid provoking similar programs on the part of foreign navies.
 Once those navies did begin serious submarine programs, the Admiralty had no choice but to begin its own.
Holland's Magazine (originally known as "Street's Weekly", also known as "Holland's: The Magazine of the South") was a magazine published from 1876 to 1953.
 It was a women's magazine which published recipes, fashion tips, gardening tips, sewing patterns, non-fiction, and short fiction.
 It was known for being a vehicle for social change and was influential in securing the passage of Texas' Pure Food law.
South Holland School District 150 is an elementary school district in South Holland, a village located in Cook County just south of the city of Chicago.
 It is composed of three schools: two elementary schools and one junior high school; all three schools are located within South Holland, although the junior high school and one of the elementary school are located in the same facility.
 Students begin their education as prekindergarteners or kindergarteners in Greenwood Elementary School, where under supervision of principal William Kolloway, students will remain until graduating from grade three.
 Students then progress to McKinley Elementary School under principal jerome Pharrel where students in grades four and five are educated.
 The last wing of education that the district provides takes place in McKinley Junior High School, which is in the same structure as McKinley Elementary School; it is also headed by Jerome Pharrel, and serves grades six through eight.
 Dr. Jerry Jordan is the superintendent of the district.
 edited by a McKinley student
Lewis Merenstein (October 23, 1934 – September 6, 2016) was an American record producer, most famous as the producer of the Van Morrison album "Astral Weeks", and as executive producer for "Moondance", Morrison's 1970 album. "
Astral Weeks" was listed as #19 on the Rolling Stone Magazine's The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time in 2003.
 In November 2006, when CNN published their list of "The All-Time 100 Albums", "Astral Weeks" was on the list, along with "Moondance".
Diederik Rudolf Simon (born 10 April 1970 in Bloemendaal, North Holland) is a rower from the Netherlands, who competed for his native country in five consecutive Summer Olympics.
 After winning the gold medal with the "Holland Acht" (Holland Eight) at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, he earned silver in the Men's Quadruple Sculls (2000) and in the Men's Eights (2004).
 Beijing (2008) resulted in a 4th place, and London (2012) in a 5th place, both in the Dutch Men's Eight.
 Diederik Simon is currently training for his 6th Olympics in Rio de Janeiro 2016, where he aims to finish his rowing career with a "Gold Sandwich".
