Third Man on the Mountain is a 1959 American Walt Disney Productions film set during the golden age of alpinism about a young Swiss man who conquers the mountain that killed his father.
 It is based on "Banner in the Sky", a James Ramsey Ullman novel about the first ascent of the Citadel, and was televised under this name.
 The movie inspired the Matterhorn Bobsleds attraction at Disneyland Park.
The Wooden Roller Coaster (formerly Coaster) is a wooden roller coaster at Playland in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
 Opened in 1958, it is the oldest roller coaster in Canada.
 The ride is 2840 ft long—which established it as the largest roller coaster in Canada at the time it was completed—and has a height of 68 ft and speeds of up to 76 km/h .
 The coaster was awarded the Coaster Classic and Roller Coaster Landmark statuses by American Coaster Enthusiasts.
Robert Henry "Bob" Gurr (born October 25, 1931 in Los Angeles, California) is an American amusement ride designer and Imagineer.
 His most famous work was for Walt Disney's Disneyland Park, and its subsequent sister parks.
 Gurr is said to have designed most, if not all, of the ride vehicles of the Disneyland attractions, including Autopia, Haunted Mansion, the Disneyland Monorail, the Submarine Voyage, and the Matterhorn Bobsleds.
 He was named a Disney Legend in 2004.
 He also worked on the King Kong Encounter animatronic for Universal Studios Hollywood.
Kings Island is a 364 acre theme park located in Mason, Ohio, 24 mi northeast of Cincinnati.
 Since the opening of the amusement park in 1972, at least one attraction has been added every year except 1978, 1980, 1983, and 2008.
 The park is known to have attractions such as Flight of Fear which was the world's first linear induction motor launched roller coaster, and The Beast which has held the record for the world's longest wooden roller coaster since its opening in 1979.
 Also, The Beast continues to be ranked as one of the best wooden roller coasters in the world by industry polls.
 Kings Island's newest attraction is Mystic Timbers, a wooden roller coaster manufactured by Great Coasters International.
 With this addition, Kings Island claimed the record for most wooden roller coaster track of any amusement park in the world, and tied the record for most wooden roller coasters, with five.
The Submarine Voyage was an attraction at Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
 The attraction, which featured ride vehicles designed to resemble submarines, opened on June 14, 1959, as one of the first rides to require an E ticket.
 It was part of a major expansion of Tomorrowland and Fantasyland, which also included the Matterhorn Bobsleds roller coaster, an expanded version of Autopia, the Disneyland Monorail, and the Motor Boat Cruise.
 The Submarine Voyage closed on September 9, 1998; at that time, it was reported that the attraction would reopen with a new theme by 2003, but that did not occur.
 The attraction ultimately reopened in June 2007 themed to Disney·Pixar's "Finding Nemo", and now operates as Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage.
The Matterhorn Bobsleds are a pair of intertwined steel roller coasters at Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
 It is modelled after the Matterhorn, a mountain in the Alps on the border with Switzerland and Italy.
 It is the first known tubular steel continuous track roller coaster.
 Located on the border between Tomorrowland and Fantasyland, it employs forced perspective to seem more impressively large.
White Cyclone (ホワイトサイクロン , Howaito Saikuron ) is a wooden roller coaster at Nagashima Spa Land in Mie Prefecture, Japan.
 At 1700 m in length, White Cyclone is the third longest wooden roller coaster in the world, and is the longest wooden roller coaster outside of the United States.
 Despite its length, White Cyclone is still considerably shorter than the 2479 m Steel Dragon 2000, the world's longest steel roller coaster, which is also at Nagashima Spa Land.
 In addition to being the third longest wooden roller coaster, White Cyclone is the seventh tallest wooden roller coaster in the world and the fourth tallest wooden roller coaster outside the United States.
 A single ride on the White Cyclone costs ¥1,000 (approximately $9 USD), and the ride is restricted to those individuals above 1.3 m in height; and those individuals under 54 years of age.
Arrow Dynamics was a roller coaster design and manufacturing company based in Clearfield, Utah, United States.
 Successor to Arrow Development (1946–1981) and Arrow Huss (1981–1986), which were responsible for some of the most influential advancements in the amusement and theme park industries.
 Among the most significant was tubular steel track, which provided a smoother ride than the railroad style rails commonly used prior to the 1960s on wooden roller coasters.
 The Matterhorn Bobsleds at Disneyland was Arrow's first foray into roller coasters, in 1959.
 Arrow and their successors would continue to build trend-setting ride systems for the next 45 years.
Roller coaster phobia is a colloquial and slang term describing an individual's fear of roller coasters.
 While roller coasters are the most popular theme park attraction, certain people feel nauseated, afraid, dizzy, or unsafe when riding roller coasters.
 In the majority of cases, this fear is related to acrophobia, claustrophobia, or a traumatic event.
 Roller coaster phobia can be overcome relatively easily, the best cure being going on the tallest/fastest roller coaster before riding roller coasters of a lesser magnitude.
 Roller coaster phobia has been linked to previously experiencing an accident, vertigo, and fear of heights.
 In rare cases, riders may be afraid of roller coasters due to a painful ride, tight restraints, being thrown around in the restraints, and excessive g-forces on the body of the rider.
"Disneyland 10th Anniversary" is a 1965 episode of "Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color".
 It begins with Walt Disney showing viewers and Disneyland ambassador Julie Reihm plans for upcoming attractions, including It's a Small World, Pirates of the Caribbean and the Haunted Mansion.
 In Disneyland, the Disney characters celebrate Disneyland’s Tencennial, with a show in front of the Sleeping Beauty Castle and a parade put on by a local high school band and cheerleaders.
 Next, Walt Disney describes a brief history of the construction of the park, followed by a tour of some of the attractions at the time, including Matterhorn Bobsleds, Jungle Cruise, the Flying Saucers, the Mine Train Through Nature's Wonderland and the Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room.
 The climax of the episode is a Dixieland band on the Mark Twain Riverboat, and some other boats on the Rivers of America put on an interesting water show.
