Peace Iced Tea (often labeled Peace Tea) is a brand of assorted iced tea beverages produced by the Monster Beverage Corporation.
 The product launched on December 21, 2009.
 Peace Tea contains no artificial flavors or coloring, although it does contain an artificial sweetener, sucralose.
 The only flavor not to include sucralose was the Unsweetened Tea (also branded as High Tea), but it was discontinued in early 2012.
 Peace tea is served in 23 oz cans, and is distributed across the United States.
The Super High Altitude Research Project (Super HARP, SHARP) was a U.S. government project conducting research into the firing of high-velocity projectiles high into the atmosphere using a two-stage light-gas gun, with the ultimate goal of propelling satellites into Earth orbit.
 Design work on the prototype space gun began as early as 1985 at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California and became operational in December 1992.
 It is the largest gas gun in the world.
Extremely high frequency (EHF) is the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) designation for the band of radio frequencies in the electromagnetic spectrum from 30 to 300 gigahertz (GHz).
 It lies between the super high frequency band, and the far infrared band which is also referred to as the terahertz gap.
 Radio waves in this band have wavelengths from ten to one millimetre, giving it the name millimetre band or millimetre wave, sometimes abbreviated MMW or mmW.
 Millimetre-length electromagnetic waves were first investigated in the 1890s by Bengali-Indian scientist Jagadish Chandra Bose.
Super High Me is a 2008 documentary film about the effects of smoking cannabis for 30 days.
 The documentary stars comedian Doug Benson.
 The documentary's name and its poster are plays on the 2004 documentary "Super Size Me".
Prince of Wales tea blend is a blend of black teas typically served in the afternoon with scones in Britain.
 The blend was originally devised for Edward, Prince of Wales, later King Edward VIII.
 The strong earthy scent of Edward's tea reportedly came from high grade Keemun tea from Anhui Province blended with other black teas from around China in order to produce a complex cup of tea.
 Prince of Wales tea is mild, but full-bodied, with a bright liquor and strong aroma.
Tea (in reference to food, rather than the drink) has long been used as an umbrella term for several different meals.
 Isabella Beeton, whose books on Home economics were widely read in the 19th century, describes afternoon teas of various kinds, and provides menus for the old-fashioned tea, the at-home tea, the family tea and the high tea.
 "Teatime" is the time at which the tea meal is usually eaten, which is late afternoon to early evening.
 Tea as a meal is associated with Britain, Ireland, and some Commonwealth countries.
The Super High Roller Bowl is an annual high stakes No Limit Hold'em poker tournament that takes place at the Aria Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The first edition of the event was held in July 2015 and featured a $500,000 buy-in, drawing a field of 43 players.
 Brian Rast won the inaugural tournament, earning $7,525,000.
 For its second year the tournament was moved to May and the buy-in was lowered to $300,000.
 Entries increased to 49 and Rainer Kempe captured the first prize of $5,000,000.
 The website Poker Central sponsors the event and features a live stream throughout the duration of the tournament.
Advanced Extremely High Frequency (AEHF) is a series of communications satellites operated by the United States Air Force Space Command.
 They will be used to relay secure communications for the Armed Forces of the United States, the British Armed Forces, the Canadian Forces and the Royal Netherlands Armed Forces.
 The system will consist of six satellites in geostationary orbits, three of which have been launched.
 AEHF will replace the older Milstar system and will operate at 44 GHz Uplink (EHF band) and 20 GHz Downlink (SHF band).
 AEHF systems is a joint service communications system that will provide survivable, global, secure, protected, and jam-resistant communications for high-priority military ground, sea and air assets.
 It is the follow-on to the Milstar system.
 AEHF systems' uplinks and crosslinks will operate in the extremely high frequency (EHF) range and downlinks in the super high frequency (SHF) range.
A ground station, earth station, or earth terminal is a terrestrial radio station designed for extraplanetary telecommunication with spacecraft (constituting part of the ground segment of the spacecraft system), or reception of radio waves from astronomical radio sources. Ground stations may be located either on the surface of the Earth, or in its atmosphere.
 Earth stations communicate with spacecraft by transmitting and receiving radio waves in the super high frequency or extremely high frequency bands (e.g., microwaves).
 When a ground station successfully transmits radio waves to a spacecraft (or vice versa), it establishes a telecommunications link.
 A principal telecommunications device of the ground station is the parabolic antenna.
NBA Jam is a basketball arcade game published and developed by Midway in 1993.
 It is the first entry in the "NBA Jam" series.
 The main designer and programmer for this game was Mark Turmell.
 Midway had previously released such sports games as "Arch Rivals" in 1989, "High Impact" in 1990, and "Super High Impact" in 1991.
 The gameplay of "NBA Jam" is based on "Arch Rivals", another 2-on-2 basketball video game.
 However, it was the release of "NBA Jam" that brought mainstream success to the genre.
