KLIK (1240 AM), branding as Newstalk 1240, is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format.
 Licensed to Jefferson City, Missouri, United States, the station serves the Columbia, Missouri area.
 The station is currently owned by Cumulus Media and features programing from ABC Radio and Westwood One.
 KLIK also operates a local news operation with sister station KFRU (1400 AM in Columbia, Missouri).
 From 1954 until September 8, 1999, KLIK was located at 950 AM, transmitting with a daytime power of 5000 watts and a nighttime power of 500 watts (directional) from a four tower array about 3.2 miles south of Jefferson City.
 Early owners of KLIK broadcast a varied format of news and talk programs including music programs of middle of the road, top 40, adult contemporary and country music as 95 KLIK.
 For many years, KLIK and KJFF as the two largest regional radio stations (the most powerful AM and FM station in the region) dominated radio listenership in cumulative market share in the Columbia-Jeff City Market of Central Missouri.
 In the 1970s and early 1980s KLIK was known as the Live 95 as its broadcasts were all programmed by live deejays, talk hosts and newscasters rather than by a satellite or automation system.
 KLIK once operated with an FM sister station in the 1970s and 1980s known was KJFF 106.9 FM a 100,000 watt semi-automated easy listening music station with a large regional coverage signal.
 In the early 1980s KLIK and KJFF-FM together were sold by the local Jefferson City operators to a regional group broadcaster, and newspaper publisher, Brill Media.
 In about 1982, KJFF-FM 106.9 FM became an adult contemporary music station, initially with a satellite delivered music format, and easy listening music was phased out along with the KJFF call letters which were replaced by the new FM call signs of KTXY.
 KLIK 950 AM transitioned over from AC/Contemporary music at about the same time to a 24-hour-a-day live country/western format known as 95 Country.
 KLIK carried a variety of programming and a mostly country music format until the late 1990s.
WSYY-FM (94.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting for approximately 18¼ hours per day, 7 days a week (from 4:55AM through 11:10PM ET) under the slogan, ""Radio With An Attitude"".
 Playing a mix of oldies/classic hits, adult contemporary, rock music, and some country crossovers, the station broadcasts an Adult Hits/Full-Service format for approximately 16 hours per day, from 6:00AM through 10:00PM ET (reserving the first and, also, the final hour of their broadcast day to "When Radio Was").
 "The Mountain 94.9" carries local high school sports in season.
 "The Mountain 94.9" had also carried the complete schedule of Red Sox Baseball (from 1997 through 2015, prior to becoming a Former Affiliate in 2016, which was when Millinocket's affiliation with the Red Sox Baseball would ultimately be transferred over to co-owned WSYY-AM, thus concluding the frequent interruptions to the music on "The Mountain 94.9" during Baseball season).
 The station currently features programming from CBS Radio and carries CBS Radio News at the top of every hour (and has been an affiliate of that network for many decades).
 Licensed to Millinocket, Maine, United States, the station's broadcast signal serves the Central Penobscot County, Eastern Piscataquis County, and Southern Aroostook County Maine areas, and the station is licensed to serve the town of Millinocket, Maine, the very town where its studios/offices and tower site are located.
 The station is currently owned by Katahdin Communications, Inc.
 WSYY-FM originally went on the air in 1978 on 97.7 FM as WKTR, upgrading to its current facilities in 1984 on 94.9.
 Prior to their "The Mountain 94.9" branding, WSYY-FM used to be referred to as "North Country 95", airing a full-time Country Music format.
 The current format, branding, and slogan was probably adopted around March 1, 2004, when Katahdin Communications, Inc. assumed control of WSYY-FM & WSYY-AM from Katahdin Timberlands, LLC (as a result of the radio station facing increasing land disputes), initially as a short term lease agreement but the transfer of ownership ultimately became permanent.
 Those same land disputes would eventually lead to a loss of WSYY-FM's 23,500 watt transmitter location (featuring an antenna HAAT of 211 meters); as a result, WSYY-FM may have been operating under a Special Temporary Authority License (a 12,000 watt facility with an antenna HAAT of 68 meters via Hammond Ridge on Lake Road, about two miles from Millinocket Municipal Airport), ever since as long ago as late 2007, pending a planned permanent move to a 22,000 watt facility with an antenna HAAT of 198.4 meters (from just off Nicatou Road in Medway, well east of WSYY-FM's old or current transmitter tower location).
 On November 23th, 2016, the CP for this proposed move was modified to a 45,000 watt facility with an antenna HAAT of 146.7 meters, the first time this proposed move has ever received official approval from the FCC.
 WSYY-FM is one of the two Maine affiliates—apart from WLOB—of When Radio Was (7 days a week from 5:00AM through 6:00AM ET and also from 10:00PM through 11:00PM ET), is one of the two Maine affiliates (WWMJ) of The Acoustic Storm (Saturdays from 9:00AM through 12:00PM ET), is Maine's only affiliate of the Crook & Chase syndicated Country Music countdown programming (Sunday afternoons from 2:00PM through 6:00PM ET), and is an affiliate of the Blues Deluxe radio show.
 WSYY-FM/WSYY-AM are unusual in that while these stations are authorized to broadcast 24 hours a day, the stations both have sign-offs every day (WSYY-AM signing off at sun-down, broadcasting only on Weekends (but not between Monday-through-Friday) and WSYY-FM broadcasting for approximately 18¼ hours per day, 7 days a week, WSYY-FM's broadcast day concluding with the 11:00PM ET Top-of-the-Hour CBS Radio newscast and then a Nightly Sign-Off Announcement and then an instrumentation of the American national anthem, followed by Dead Air amidst a Transmitter Power-Down, not Signing Back Onto The Air until 4:55AM ET).
 In Old Town and also Bangor (and continuing southward and/or southwestward), the station has strong FM co-channel interference with Portland-market WHOM (which transmits from atop Mount Washington in New Hampshire, the tallest peak in the Northeast and had for a long time claimed on its website that it has the largest coverage area of any FM station in the United States, its signal spanning five states: NH, ME, VT, MA, NY and also parts of Southern Quebec Province, Canada), this matter being especially problematic before dawn or after dusk.
 In favorable atmospheric conditions, a very weak signal of WHOM can be DX-ed in Millinocket during overnight hours (when WSYY-FM is off-the-air).
WMBH (1560 AM) is a radio station licensed to Joplin, Missouri.
 It was founded in Chicago, Illinois, in 1926, later moving to Joplin in 1927.
 WMBH is the only station in the Joplin area to have a callsign beginning with a "W" due to its Chicago origins.
 The station is also broadcasting on K268CP 101.3 FM, licensed to Joplin.
WQJJ-LP (101.9 FM, "101.9 Fox-FM") is an American low-power FM radio station - the only FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Jasper, Alabama, by the Federal Communications Commission.
 WQJJ-LP broadcasts locally from Jasper as a "live and local" radio station with a radio studio located within the city and with a live person on-site 24 hours daily.
 WQJJ-LP is also the area's only local radio station (AM or FM) that is still owned and operated by its original owners, North Alabama Public Service Broadcasters.
KYTC (102.7 FM, "Super Hits 102.7") is a radio station that broadcasts a classic hits music format.
 Licensed to Northwood, Iowa, U.S., it serves northern Iowa and southern Minnesota.
 The station is currently owned by Alpha Media, through licensee Digity 3E License, LLC.
 The station was originally operated by Northwood businessman, Marlin Hanson as an oldies radio station with an effective radiated power of 3,000 watts, then 6,000 watts.
 Hanson built the station because he bought the tower from the local cable company after they abandoned it and decided a radio station would be a good use for the empty tower.
 It was sold to Dave Nolander who also owned KATE radio in Albert Lea, MN.
 It was operated as an oldies station featuring music of the 50's and 60's from a studio located in Northwood and satellite programming during the evening hours.
 The station was sold to Three Eagles Communications and the power increased to 25,000 watts.
 Between 2002 and 2012.
 the station changed from Oldies to Country to active rock and finally back to a hits of the 60's through the 80's.
 The station transmitter is located 3 miles north of Northwood and the studio is located in Mason City.
 Current owner Digity, LLC purchased the station in September 12, 2014.
KFUO-FM was a classical music radio station in St. Louis, located at 99.1 MHz FM.
 It was branded as "Classic 99 KFUO-FM".
 KFUO-FM transmitted with an effective radiated power of 100 kW.
 KFUO-FM was among the oldest FM stations west of the Mississippi River, broadcasting since 1948.
 KFUO-FM's studios were located on the campus of Concordia Seminary, one of two graduate theological seminaries operated by the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS).
 The station was owned by the LCMS, which still owns the KFUO AM radio station.
 KFUO-FM's transmitter was located in Affton, Missouri.
KSHQ 100.7 FM is a radio station licensed to Deerfield, Missouri.
 The station broadcasts a Sports radio format and is owned by Nancy Miller, through licensee One Media, Inc.
 The station is also simulcast on WMBH 1560 AM to reach the Joplin market better.
KXCV (90.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format.
 Licensed to Maryville, Missouri, United States.
 The station is owned by Northwest Missouri State University and features programming from American Public Media and National Public Radio.
 The station is the National Public Radio radio station of Northwest Missouri State University and was the first full-power (100 kW) public radio station in Missouri in 1971.
WKRO was an AM radio station located in Cairo, Illinois.
 The frequency is currently "dark", having gone off the air sometime around 2013.
 There are no current plans to revive the station.
 WKRO was assigned the AM frequency of 1490 by the Federal Communications Commission in late 1941 and began broadcasting with a power of 250 watts in February 1942.
 According to Broadcasting Yearbook, the station raised its daytime power to 1000 watts around 1975.
 The original station owner was Oscar Hirsch.
 Mr. Hirsch had previously started KFVS Radio in Cape Girardeau in the 1920s and expanded his broadcast group in the 1940s to also include radio stations in Sparta, Illinois (WHCO), Flat River, Missouri (KFMO) and Sikeston, Missouri (KSIM).
 By the mid- 1950s, Mr. Hirsch expanded into the fledgling television industry with the formation of KFVS-TV in Cape Girardeau, Missouri.
 The Hirsch family operated WKRO until 1984, when the station was sold to a local funeral director, William T. "Bill" Crain.
 Mr. Crain operated WKRO for close to ten years.
 During the 1990s, WKRO was owned and operated by a succession of short lived owners, including Roger Price, Sr. and Dan Moeller.
 Eventually, in an unusual arrangement for a commercial broadcast license, the station was briefly operated by Alexander County and overseen by the county commissioners before the final license holder, Stratemeyer Media, based in nearby Metropolis, Illinois, took over operations and programming of the station.
KBME (branded as Sportstalk 790) AM is a sports-talk radio station in the Houston, Texas metropolitan area.
 It is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..
 The station airs local sports-talk and carries nationally syndicated Fox Sports Radio programming.
 KBME is also the flagship radio station for the Houston Rockets, Houston Astros and Texas Longhorns.
 The station's studios are located along the West Loop Freeway in the city's Uptown district.
 The transmitter site is located at what is now the southwest corner of Fallbrook Drive and T.C. Jester Boulevard, near Greenspoint in unincorporated Harris County.
