A pen name ("nom de plume", or "literary double") is a pseudonym (or, in some cases, a variant form of a real name) adopted by an author and printed on the title page or by-line of his or her works in place of their "real" name.
 A pen name may be used to make the author's name more distinctive, to disguise his or her gender, to distance an author from some or all of his or her previous works, to protect the author from retribution for his or her writings, to combine more than one author into a single author, or for any of a number of reasons related to the marketing or aesthetic presentation of the work.
 The author's name may be known only to the publisher, or may come to be common knowledge.
Patricia Valeria Bannister, (born November 21, 1923 in London, England; died November 18, 2009 in Bellevue, Washington, USA) was a writer of historical romance fiction from 1978 until 2002.
 She wrote under the names Patricia Veryan and Gwyneth Moore.
Gabriel's Inferno is an erotic romance novel by an anonymous Canadian author under the pen name Sylvain Reynard.
 The story was first published in novel format in 2011 by Omnific Publishing, with further publishing rights to the series being purchased by Berkley Books.
 The work was first published on 4 September 2012, along with the second book in the series, "Gabriel's Rapture".
Elizabeth Reid Boyd (born 24 August 1968) is a Scottish born author and academic in Gender Studies at Edith Cowan University in Western Australia whose romance fiction is published by Harlequin under her natural pen name Eliza Redgold.
 She defends the Romance novel as a form of feminism.
Family Album is a 1985 romance novel by Danielle Steel.
 It was adapted into a 1994 TV miniseries starring Jaclyn Smith.
Cherry Ripe is a romance novel by the British writer Ellen Buckingham Mathews under her pen name of Helen Matthews, which was first published in 1878.
 Like much of her other work it is a sentimental rural romance, with shades of melodrama.
Sarah MacLean (born December 17, 1978) is a New York Times bestselling American author of young adult novels and romance novels.
 Her first adult romance novel, "Nine Rules to Break When Romancing a Rake" debuted on the New York Times Bestseller List, where it stayed for four weeks.
 Since then, all of her adult romance novels have been on the New York Times and USA Today bestseller lists.
 Since February 2014, MacLean has written a monthly romance novel review column for The Washington Post.
 She is a two-time winner of the Romance Writers of America RITA Award for Best Historical Romance for "A Rogue by Any Other Name" in 2013 and "No Good Duke Goes Unpunished" in 2014.
According to Tatin Yang in the article "Romansang Pinoy: A day with Tagalog romance novels", Tagalog romance paperbacks were thin Philippine versions of romance novel books that could be found at the bottom shelves of the romance section of bookstores, wrapped and bound with book covers that are decorated with Philippine comics-styled illustrations, such as "a barrio landscape with a badly dressed guy and girl locked in an embrace".
 As a form of "escapist fiction" (escapism) and "commercial literature", Tagalog romance novels generally follow a "strict romance formula", meaning the narratives have happy endings (a factor influencing the salability of the novel), the protagonists are wealthy, good-looking, smart, and characters that cannot die.
 Normally, the hero or heroine of the story falls in love and "goes crazy" over the admired person.
 However, later authors of Tagalog romance novels deviated from portraying so-called "damsel-in-distress and knight-in-shining-armor characters".
 Contemporary writers also turned away from writing "rags-to-riches plots".
 The stereotypical norm had been replaced by the incorporation of storylines with "interesting scenes, characters [who are ready to face challenges or to sacrifice themselves for the benefit of other people], dialogues, and new angles to old plots".
 Authors such as Maria Teresa Cruz San Diego, who used the pen names Maia Jose and Tisha Nicole, ventured into the fantasy romance genre, and into topics that are related to politics, ecology, gender issues, prostitution, mail-order bride syndicates, white slavery, non-governmental organizations, and breastfeeding programs.
 Apart from writing about ideal lovers (men and women) and ideal situations, other novelists wrote about true-to-life settings, or at least based the stories from personal experiences.
 Thus, Tagalog romance novels came to mirror or replicate the "roles that women and men play" in Philippine society.
Morishima Chūryō (森島 中良 , 1756 – December 29, 1810) was an Edo period Japanese author of popular fiction who also wrote a number of works in the field of rangaku (Western studies).
 He wrote under many pen names, including Manzōtei, Shinra Manzō (or, conventionally, Shinra Banshō), and Tenjiku Rōjin ("old man from India").
 The latter constituted an allusion to the pen name Tenjiku Rōnin ("masterless samurai from India"), used by Hiraga Gennai, to whom Chūryō was the principal literary successor.
 Chūryō co-authored several plays with Gennai early in his career, and went on to write in almost all of the many genres of popular fiction that were collectively known as gesaku.
 He also wrote kyōka, or comic waka poetry, under the pen name Taketsue no Sugaru.
 Chūryō was the younger brother of Katsuragawa Hoshū, a shogunal physician and leading scholar of rangaku.
Ondine is a romance novel first published in 1988 under Heather Graham Pozzessere’s pen name, Shannon Drake.
 It is the story of a lady of 17th century England who finds herself cast from nobility when her father is accused of treason and murdered.
 As a noose rests at her neck, her one regret is that she did not have a chance to find his killer.
 She is once again given that chance when Lord Chatham, hoping to use the lady to solve the murder of his wife, takes her hand in marriage to save her from the hangman’s rope.
 The novel consists of multiple plot lines making it more than just an average romance novel.
 It may also be classified under the genres of historical romance, mystery, and gothic.
