Esom (born Lee So-young on January 30, 1990) is a South Korean actress and model.
 She is well-known for her leading role in the 2014 film "Scarlet Innocence", for which she was nominated for Best New Actress in five different award ceremonies.
American singer Lady Gaga has embarked on five concert tours and performed live at various award ceremonies and television shows.
 Gaga promoted her debut single "Just Dance" through performances at several award ceremonies and television shows, including Miss Universe 2008 and "So You Think You Can Dance".
 She first served as an opening act for the boy band New Kids on the Block and the girl group The Pussycat Dolls, before beginning her own headlining tour, The Fame Ball Tour, which began in March 2009 and ended in September 2009.
 Following the canceled tour with rapper Kanye West, Gaga embarked on her second worldwide concert tour The Monster Ball Tour.
 Staged in support of her extended play "The Fame Monster" (2009), the tour was critically acclaimed and grossed $227.4 million, making it one of the highest-grossing concert tours of all time.
 Gaga also performed songs from the album at award ceremonies—the American Music Awards of 2009, 52nd Annual Grammy Awards and 2010 Brit Awards.
 At the 2010 "Billboard" Touring Awards, Gaga won the Breakthrough Performer Award, as well as the Concert Marketing & Promotion Award.
Lee Byung-hun (Korean: 이병헌 ; born July 12, 1970) is a South Korean actor, singer and model.
 He has received critical acclaim for his work in a wide range of genres, most notably "Joint Security Area" (2000); "A Bittersweet Life" (2005); "The Good, the Bad, the Weird" (2008); the television series "Iris" (2009); "I Saw the Devil" (2010); and "Masquerade" (2012).
 His critically acclaimed film "Inside Men" (2015) won him the Best Actor prize in three prestigious award ceremonies: 52nd Baeksang Art Awards, 37th Blue Dragon Awards and 53rd Grand Bell Awards—a feat that was unbroken since 2004.
 Lee has five films—"Joint Security Area", "The Good, the Bad, the Weird", "Masquerade", "Inside Men" and "Master"—on the list of highest-grossing films in South Korea.
The 10th Empire Awards ceremony (officially known as the Sony Ericsson Empire Awards), presented by the British film magazine "Empire", honored the best films of 2004 and took place on 13 March 2005 at the Guildhall in London, England.
 During the ceremony, "Empire" presented Empire Awards in 10 categories as well as four honorary awards.
 The honorary Outstanding Contribution to British Cinema award was first introduced this year.
 To celebrate the 10th year anniversary of the award ceremonies a special honorary award was presented, the Icon of the Decade award.
 The awards for Best British Actor, Best British Actress and Best British Director as well as the honorary Independent Spirit award were presented for the last time.
 This was the first year the Lifetime Achievement Award was not presented.
 The ceremony was televised in the United Kingdom by Channel 5 on March 15.
 English television presenter and radio presenter Johnny Vaughan hosted the show for the first time.
 The awards were sponsored by Sony Ericsson for the third consecutive year.
The "Billboard" Latin Music Awards grew out of the "Billboard" Music Awards program from "Billboard" magazine, an industry publication charting the sales and radio airplay success of musical recordings.
 The "Billboard" awards are the Latin music industry’s longest running and most prestigious award.
 The award ceremonies are held during the same week of the "Billboard" Latin Music Conference.
 The first award ceremony began in 1994.
 In addition to awards given on the basis of success on the Billboard charts, the ceremony includes the Spirit of Hope award for humanitarian achievements and the Lifetime Achievement award, as well as awards by the broadcasting partner.
 Global Superstar Enrique Iglesias has won 47 awards till now.
 The "Billboard" Latin Music includes entrants from the United States, Latin America, and Spain, although other countries are eligible if an artist performs Latin music.
The Golden Kela Awards (Hindi: गोल्डन केला अवॉर्ड्स ) are a satirical take on Bollywood that award the worst performances in Hindi cinema each year.
 Created by "Random Magazine", winners are selected each year by an online poll and receive an award in the shape of a golden banana (केला "kelā" in Hindi).
 The first award ceremony took place on 7 March 2009 in New Delhi (India).
 The fifth award ceremony was held on March 30, 2013.
 Jaspal Bhatti made a special appearance at the inaugural event, dishonoring the Indian film talent of the year 2008.
 The intention behind the Golden Kela is to ridicule the Hindi film stars and acknowledge the worst of Indian Cinema.
 Since, several award ceremonies each year celebrate the best of Hindi Cinema, "Random Magazine" and the Sundaas Film Institute chose to be different by giving away the Best of the Worst of Indian Cinema.
 Golden Kela Awards are not meant to insult anyone.
 It is just a way to make it a laughter exercise, a therapy of sorts to forget about the failures and look at what went wrong with the movie and the act.
 Abhishek Bachchan came to the Golden Kela Awards in 2010 and accepted the Dara Singh Award for his attempt to speak with an American accent in Delhi 6
Kim In-soon (Korean: 김인순 ; born April 5, 1957), better known by her stage name, Insooni (Korean: 인순이 ), is a South Korean singer.
 She made her debut in 1978 in a group "Hee Sisters (Korean: 희자매 )".
 Since then, she has recorded a total of 19 albums, 14 of them, regular.
 She is now South Korea's acclaimed R&B diva with a wide range of fans, even though 35 years have passed since her debut.
 She is one of the few singers who performed at Carnegie Hall in New York City, and earned several top prizes at broadcasters' annual award ceremonies.
 She is distinguished by her rich, throaty voice on stage.
 She was born to a South Korean mother and an African American father, who served in the U.S. military in South Korea, and was brought up by her mother alone, with the assistance of Pearl S. Buck International's child sponsorship program.
Podium girls, formally known as "Tour hostesses" (French: "hôtesses du Tour"), are women who are best known for presenting prizes and kisses to the winners of the Tour de France and other major cycle races, including the Giro d'Italia and Vuelta a España.
 In the Tour de France, a team of four podium girls is employed by the race's main sponsor, the French bank LCL S.A..
 They are responsible for entertaining clients of the sponsors before the morning departure of the race and in parties after the end of the race, but their most visible and prestigious role is in the award ceremony at the close of each day's racing.
 The job requires working long hours in all weather conditions but is well-paid and sought-after, with candidates selected on the basis of their looks, endurance, personalities, and linguistic abilities.
 Although they are forbidden to interact with the riders, other than kissing them in the award ceremonies, several podium girls have ended up marrying cyclists.
 The employment of podium girls has prompted a certain amount of criticism about sexism in professional cycling, though current and former podium girls have defended their role as part of the sport's traditions.
American singer Demi Lovato has embarked six concert tours and performed live at various award ceremonies and television shows.
 Her debut promotional tour in 2008, Demi Live!
 Warm Up Tour was based in North America only and supported her debut studio album, "Don't Forget" (2008).
 At the same year, Lovato served as one of the opening acts for Jonas Brothers on their fifth concert tour, Burnin' Up Tour.
 Lovato also served as one of the opening acts for Avril Lavigne on her third concert tour, The Best Damn World Tour on selected dates in North America.
 In 2009, Lovato performed as the opening act on the Jonas Brothers World Tour 2009 with Jonas Brothers during the South American and European legs, before she continued to tour her first headlining tour, during Summer 2009, promoting her debut album "Don't Forget" and her sophomore album "Here We Go Again".
 The tour featured opening acts, David Archuleta, Jordan Pruitt and KSM.
 In 2010, Lovato performed as the opening act on Jonas Brothers' Live in Concert World Tour 2010.
 On November 1, 2010, Lovato left the tour after a dispute arose to the public light involving her apparently punching one of the dancers of the tour.
 After Lovato left, she was interned in a treatment center to seek out help.
The National Film Award for Best Actor, officially known as the Rajat Kamal Award for the Best Actor (] ), is an honour presented annually at the National Film Awards of India instituted only since 1967 to actors who have delivered the best performance in a leading role within the Indian film industry.
 Called the "State Awards for Films" when established in 1954, the National Film Awards ceremony is older than the Directorate of Film Festivals.
 The State Awards instituted the individual award in 1968 as the "Bharat Award for the Best Actor"; in 1975, it was renamed as the "Rajat Kamal Award for the Best Actor".
 Throughout the past 45 years, accounting for ties and repeat winners, the Government of India has presented a total of 52 "Best Actor" awards to 40 actors.
 Until 1974, winners of the National Film Award received a figurine and certificate; since 1975, they have been awarded with a "Rajat Kamal" (silver lotus), certificate and a cash prize.
