Latcho Drom ("safe journey") is a 1993 French documentary film directed and written by Tony Gatlif.
 The movie is about the Romani people's journey from north-west India to Spain, consisting primarily of music.
 The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
Korkoro ("Alone" in the Romanes) is a 2009 French drama film written and directed by Tony Gatlif, starring French actors Marc Lavoine, Marie-Josée Croze and James Thiérrée.
 The film's cast were of many nationalities such as Albanian, Kosovar, Georgian, Serbian, French, Norwegian, and nine Romani people Gatlif recruited in Transylvania.
Transylvania is a 2006 French drama film starring Asia Argento.
 In 2006, Director Tony Gatlif and composer Delphine Mantoulet won the "Georges Delerue Prize" at the Flanders International Film Festival for the score, and Gatlif was nominated for the "Grand Prix" award.
 "Transylvania" premiered at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival in France on May 28, and premiered in the United States on March 16, 2007 at the Cleveland International Film Festival and in the United Kingdom at the Cambridge Film Festival on July 6, 2007 (with a later theatrical release on August 10, 2007).
Geronimo is a 2014 French drama film directed by Tony Gatlif.
 It premiered in the Special Screenings section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival on 20 May.
Vengo is a 2000 French film by Tony Gatlif.
 It is the passionate story of a blood feud among Spanish Gypsies that centers on Caco, a proud man who must fight for his family's honor and safety.
 An ode to the artistry and magic of flamenco dancing and music, Vengo is a drama set against the compelling backdrop of two Andalusia gypsy families locked in an age-old struggle for power.
 The dramatic film also features a performance by the famed Spanish flamenco singer "La Caita" (Maria del Carmen Salazar) and many other performers.
 It was the closing film at the 57th (2000) Venice International Film Festival.
Tchavolo Schmitt (born 1954 in Paris) is a gypsy jazz guitarist.
 Schmitt performed as a member of various ensembles in the 1970s.
 Then he settled in Strasbourg and left the professional circuit for a time, releasing solo albums in 2000.
 He played Miraldo in the Tony Gatlif film "Swing."
Rona Hartner (born March 9, 1973, Bucharest) is a Romanian actress, painter and singer.
 She is best known for her role in Tony Gatlif's film Gadjo Dilo.
 Hartner currently focuses on her music career, specializing in Gypsy music.
Exiles is a 2004 French film by Tony Gatlif.
 The film follows two young bohemians, Zano and Naima.
 After having sex, the two spontaneously decide that they will travel to Algeria, where Naima's parents come from, and where Zano's (Romain Duris) "pied-noir" parents were once exiled.
 Their adventurous journey to Algiers is full of character exploration, relationship hiccups and imagery.
 The film was also a homecoming for Gatlif himself, seeing him return to Algeria 43 years after he left.
Je suis né d'une cigogne (English: Children of the Stork ) is a 1999 French road movie directed by Tony Gatlif, starring Romain Duris, Rona Hartner, Ouassini Embarek, Christine Pignet and Marc Nouyrigat.
 Following its French release, it received mixed reviews but was nominated for a "Golden Bayard" at the "International Festival of Francophone Film" in Namur, Belgium.
Mondo is a 1995 French drama film written and directed by Tony Gatlif based upon the short story by Jean-Marie G. Le Clezio.
 The film debuted at the Unifrance French Film Festival in Japan 1995, and premiered in France April 17, 1996.
