Det perfekte mord (English: The Perfect Murder ), also known as Det perfekte mord – Homo Falsus, is a 1992 Norwegian thriller film directed by Eva Isaksen, starring Gard B. Eidsvold, Anna-Lena Hemström and Anne Marit Jacobsen.
 It is based on the novel "Homo Falsus" by Jan Kjærstad.
Marguerite Marie Alibert, also known as Maggie Meller, (9 December 1890 – 2 January 1971) was a French socialite.
 She started her career as a courtesan in Paris and in 1916 she had an affair with the Prince of Wales (later Edward VIII).
 After her marriage to Egyptian aristocrat Ali Kamel Fahmy Bey, she was frequently called Princess by the media of the time.
 In 1923, she killed her husband at the Savoy Hotel in London.
 She was eventually acquitted of the murder charge after a trial at the Old Bailey.
 Her affair with the Prince became the subject of the book "The Prince, the Princess and the Perfect Murder".
 The killing of her husband was the focus of the book "Scandal at the Savoy: The Infamous 1920s Murder Case".
King Kong is a giant movie monster, resembling a giant ape, that has appeared in various media since 1933.
 The character first appeared in the 1933 film "King Kong" from RKO Pictures, which received universal acclaim upon its initial release and re-releases.
 A sequel quickly followed that same year with "The Son of Kong", featuring Little Kong.
 In the 1960s, Toho produced "King Kong vs. Godzilla" (1962), pitting a much larger Kong against Toho's own Godzilla, and "King Kong Escapes" (1967), based on "The King Kong Show" (1966–1969) from Rankin/Bass Productions.
 In 1976, Dino De Laurentiis produced a modern remake of the original film directed by John Guillermin.
 A sequel, "King Kong Lives", followed a decade later featuring a Lady Kong.
 Another remake of the original, this time set in 1933, was released in 2005 from filmmaker Peter Jackson.
Perfect Murder, Perfect Town is a 2000 American television miniseries directed by Lawrence Schiller.
 The teleplay by Tom Topor is based on Schiller's book of the same title.
Whistling in the Dark is the first of three comedy films starring Red Skelton as Wally "the Fox" Benton, who writes and acts in radio murder mysteries.
 Wally is kidnapped by a greedy cult leader (played by Conrad Veidt), who threatens to kill Wally's girlfriend (portrayed in all three films by Ann Rutherford) and another young woman unless he concocts a perfect murder.
 The film was based on the Broadway play of the same name by Laurence Gross and Edward Childs Carpenter.
 Uncredited contributing writer Elliott Nugent wrote and directed the earlier film adaptation of the same name.
The Murchison Murders were a series of three murders, committed by an itinerant stockman named Snowy Rowles, near the rabbit-proof fence in Western Australia during the early 1930s.
 The case was particularly infamous because Rowles used the murder method that had been suggested by author Arthur Upfield in his then unpublished book "The Sands of Windee", in which he described a way to dispose of a body and thus commit the perfect murder.
The Perfect Murder is a 1988 English language Indian film directed by Zafar Hai and produced by Merchant-Ivory.
 The film is based on the 1964 novel "The Perfect Murder" by British crime fiction writer HRF Keating and stars Naseeruddin Shah as Inspector Ghote, the leading character in Keating's novels.
 Swedish actor Stellan Skarsgård as well as many noted Indian actors such as Madhur Jaffrey, Amjad Khan, Dalip Tahil, Ratna Pathak, Annu Kapoor and Johnny Walker also appear in the film.
A Perfect Murder is a 1998 American crime thriller film directed by Andrew Davis and starring Michael Douglas, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Viggo Mortensen.
 It is a modern remake of Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 film "Dial M for Murder", though the characters' names are all changed, and over half the plot is completely rewritten and altered.
 Loosely based on the play by Frederick Knott, the screenplay was written by Patrick Smith Kelly.
Sarita Catherine Louise Choudhury (born 18 August 1966) is an English actress, best known for her roles in the Mira Nair-directed feature films "Mississippi Masala" (1992), "The Perez Family" (1995) and "" (1996).
 In the late 1990s, Choudhury added to her repertoire with supporting roles in the thriller "A Perfect Murder", "3 A.M", and the John Cassavetes retread "Gloria".
 In 2002, she starred in "Just a Kiss".
 She played a lesbian virgin in Spike Lee's "She Hate Me" and acted as Anna Ran in "Lady in the Water", a 2006 thriller by M. Night Shyamalan.
 She also played Egeria in "" and co-starred with Tom Hanks in the 2016 film "A Hologram for the King".
Cross Current (Italian: "Un omicidio perfetto a termine di legge" / "A Perfect Murder According to Law"), (Spanish: "Homicidio al límite de la ley" ), is a 1971 Italian-Spanish giallo film directed by Tonino Ricci, starring Ivan Rassimov and Rosanna Yanni.
 The film's original working title was "Il buio nel cervello" ("A Darkness in the Brain")
