Raleigh Exec: The Raleigh Executive Jetport @ Sanford-Lee County or Raleigh Exec Jetport at Sanford-Lee CountyFAA Airport Master Record for TTA (Form 5010 ) (ICAO: KTTA, FAA LID: TTA) is a public use airport located seven nautical miles (8 mi, 13 km) northeast of the central business district of Sanford, a city in Lee County, North Carolina, United States.
 It is owned by the Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport Authority and was previously known as Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport.
 This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "reliever airport" for Raleigh-Durham International Airport.
Aberdeen Regional Airport (IATA: ABR, ICAO: KABR, FAA LID: ABR) is a city-owned, public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) east of the central business district of Aberdeen, a city in Brown County, South Dakota, United States.
 It is mostly used for general aviation, and is also served by one commercial airline.
Air Wisconsin Airlines is a regional airline based at Appleton International Airport in the town of Greenville, Wisconsin, United States, near Appleton.
 Air Wisconsin is the largest privately held regional airline in the United States.
 It currently operates regional jet flights as American Eagle under contract to American Airlines via a code sharing agreement, serving cities in the U.S. and Canada with hubs at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS), Charlotte Douglas International Airport (CLT), Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA) .
 Air Wisconsin previously operated United Express service on behalf of United Airlines followed by US Airways Express service on behalf of US Airways prior to becoming an American Eagle regional air carrier.
 The company has announced it will once again partner with United Airlines as a United Express code sharing air carrier with primary hubs to be located at Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) and Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) beginning in September 2017 and will be "exclusively operating" as United Express by March 2018.
The Susquehanna Area Regional Airport Authority (SARAA) is the governing authority of Harrisburg International Airport, Capital City Airport, Franklin County Regional Airport and Gettysburg Regional Airport in south-central Pennsylvania.
 SARAA was incorporated on September 9, 1997, and officially took over control of HIA and CXY airports from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on January 1, 1998.
Pensacola International Airport (IATA: PNS, ICAO: KPNS, FAA LID: PNS) , formerly Pensacola Gulf Coast Regional Airport and Pensacola Regional Airport (Hagler Field), is a public use airport three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Pensacola, in Escambia County, Florida, United States.
 It is owned by the City of Pensacola.
 Despite the name, this airport does not offer direct international flights.
 This airport is one of the five major airports in North Florida, others being: Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport, Destin-Fort Walton Beach Airport Tallahassee International Airport, and Jacksonville International Airport.
Braden Airpark (FAA LID: N43), also known as Easton Airport, is a small airport located about three nautical miles north of the central business district of Easton, Pennsylvania, United States.
 The airport is owned by the Lehigh Northampton Airport authority which also owns Lehigh Valley International Airport and Queen City Airport.
Lehigh Valley International Airport (IATA: ABE, ICAO: KABE, FAA LID: ABE) (formerly Allentown–Bethlehem–Easton International Airport) is a public airport in Hanover Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.
 Parts of it are in Catasauqua and Allen Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania.
 It is 3 miles (5 km) northeast of Allentown, in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, the third most-populous metropolitan region in the state (after Philadelphia and Pittsburgh).
Valley International Airport (VIA) (IATA: HRL, ICAO: KHRL, FAA LID: HRL) is owned by the City of Harlingen, in Cameron County, Texas.
 Valley International Airport is operated by a nine member airport board appointed by the Mayor.
 HRL is centrally located in the Rio Grande Valley (RGV) making it a logical choice for travel to the area.
 Valley International is often referred to as the “Gateway to South Padre Island” with travel amenities that provide door to door transportation to South Padre Island.
 With over 2,400 acres HRL is the largest airport in the RGV with room and resources to meet future airline expansion needs.
 HRL also provides the longest runways in the area with modern aircraft approach systems that minimize chances of travel delays during inclement weather.
Pennsylvania Route 987 (PA 987) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, running 10.3 mi from U.S. Route 22 (US 22) near the Lehigh Valley International Airport north of Allentown north to PA 946 in Klecknersville.
 The route begins at a cloverleaf interchange with the US 22 freeway north of Allentown in Lehigh County and heads to the east of the airport as a four-lane divided highway called Airport Road as it crosses into Northampton County.
 PA 987 narrows to a two-lane undivided road and continues north, becoming concurrent with PA 329 as it heads into Bath.
 Here, PA 329 ends and PA 987 briefly runs concurrent with PA 248 before leaving the borough.
 PA 987 continues northwest and serves Chapman before ending at PA 946.
 PA 987 was first designated in the 1930s between US 22 (Union Boulevard) in Allentown and PA 946 in Klecknersville.
 After US 22 was relocated to its present freeway alignment in 1955, the southern terminus of PA 987 was cut back to its interchange with US 22, which used to carry Interstate 78 (I-78) as well.
 In the early 2000s, PA 987 was widened into a divided highway and shifted to a new alignment near the Lehigh Valley International Airport.
Rogue Valley International–Medford Airport (IATA: MFR, ICAO: KMFR, FAA LID: MFR) is a regional public airport three miles north of downtown Medford, in Jackson County, Oregon.
 Owned and operated by Jackson County's Aviation Authority, the airport serves southwest Oregon and was an international airport from 1994 to 2003.
