The Taconic unconformity is a major unconformity created during the Taconic orogeny, exposed from eastern New York State to the Gaspe peninsula.
 The orogeny was a long one that comprised multiple bursts; it primarily dated to the end of the Ordovician, and the underlying rocks are primarily this age.
 It is overlain by Silurian and Devonian metasediments.
The Chateauguay Valley is an area of southwestern Quebec Canada, roughly encompassing the drainage basin of the Chateauguay River which flows from the Adirondack Mountains in northern New York state and joins the Saint Lawrence River near Montreal, Quebec.
The Taconic orogeny was a mountain building period that ended 440 million years ago and affected most of modern-day New England.
 A great mountain chain formed from eastern Canada down through what is now the Piedmont off the East coast of the United States.
 As the mountain chain eroded in the Silurian and Devonian periods, sediments from the mountain chain spread throughout the present-day Appalachians and midcontinental North America.
The Austin Glen Member of the Normanskill Formation is an upper Middle Ordovician unit of interbedded greywackes and shales that outcrops in eastern New York State.
 It was deposited in a deep marine setting in a foreland basin during the Taconic orogeny.
 Its sediment source was mainly the erosion of preexisting sedimentary rocks.
 Graptolite fossils place it in the stratigraphic zones of "Nematograptus gracilis" and "Climacograptus bicornis", but its age could be Llandeilo or Trentonian (earliest to latest Darriwilian,  465 ).
The Queenston Delta is a 300-mile-wide clastic wedge of sediment deposited over what is now eastern North America during the late Ordovician period due to the erosion of mountains created during the Taconic orogeny.
 The wedge is thickest in a band running from New York State to Quebec and extends from the Catskill mountains to Lake Huron.
The Champlain Thrust is a 200-mile long fault extending from southern Quebec, down through western Vermont in the Champlain Valley, and into eastern New York in the Catskills/Hudson Valley.
 This east dipping thrust fault transports Cambrian-Ordovician passive margin shelf rocks westward by about 30 - and places them on top of Middle Ordovician rocks.
 The Middle Ordovician accretion of the one or more island arcs terranes drove the initial thrusting during the Taconic Orogeny, though reactivation of the fault may have occurred during the middle Devonian Acadian Orogeny.
 The Champlain Thrust marks the most westerly thrust of the Taconic Orogeny.
The Queenston Formation is a geological formation of Upper Ordovician age (Maysvillian to Richmondian Stage), which outcrops in Ontario, Canada (along the northern and eastern flanks of the Niagara Escarpment, as well as east of Ottawa) and New York, United States (just south of Lake Ontario).
 A typical outcrop of the formation is exposed at Bronte Creek just south of the Queen Elizabeth Way.
 The formation is a part of the Queenston Delta clastic wedge, formed as an erosional response to the Taconic Orogeny.
 Lithologically, the formation is dominated by red and grey shales with thin siltstone, limestone and sandstone interlayers.
 As materials, comprising the clastic wedge, become coarser in close proximity to the Taconic source rocks, siltstone and sandstone layers are predominant in New York.
The Beam is a geological outcrop on US Route 2 in South Hero, Vermont that is well known for its display of small-scale thrust faults originating from the Taconic Orogeny.
 The Beam is frequently visited by geology students studying the geology of New England.
New York State Route 115 (NY 115) is a 12.45 mi long state highway located entirely within Dutchess County, New York.
 The route runs from an intersection with U.S. Route 44 (US 44) and NY 55 in the city of Poughkeepsie along the former Salt Point Turnpike to an interchange with the Taconic State Parkway in Clinton.
 Throughout its length NY 115 is maintained by the city of Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County (as CR 75), and the New York State Department of Transportation.
 When NY 115 terminates at the Taconic State Parkway, the Salt Point Turnpike continues as County Route 17 (CR 17) for another four miles to NY 82 in Stanford.
The Acadian orogeny is a long-lasting mountain building event which began in the Middle Devonian, reaching a climax in the early Late Devonian.
 It was active for approximately 50 million years, beginning roughly around 375 million years ago, with deformational, plutonic, and metamorphic events extending into the Early Mississippian.
 The Acadian orogeny is the third of the four orogenies that created the Appalachian orogen and subsequent basin.
 The preceding orogenies consisted of the Potomac and Taconic orogeny, which followed a rift/drift stage in the Late Neoproterozoic.
 The Acadian orogeny involved the collision of a series of Avalonian continental fragments with the Laurasian continent.
 Geographically, the Acadian orogen extended from the Canadian Maritime provinces migrating in a southwesterly direction toward Alabama.
 However, the Northern Appalachian region, from New England northeastward into Gaspé region of Canada, was the most greatly affected region by the collision.
