No More Tears is the sixth studio album by British heavy metal vocalist and songwriter Ozzy Osbourne.
 Released on 17 September 1991, the album charted at number 17 on the UK Albums Chart and number seven on the US "Billboard" 200 albums chart.
 "No More Tears" spawned four songs which reached the top ten of the US Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, including the number-two "Mama, I'm Coming Home", and it contains the Grammy-winning track "I Don't Want to Change the World".
 It is also one of Osbourne's two best-selling albums in North America, along with "Blizzard of Ozz", having been certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA and double platinum by CRIA.
 It was the last Ozzy Osbourne album to feature drummer Randy Castillo and bassist Bob Daisley.
Tomcats Screaming Outside is the first solo album from British musician Roland Orzabal of the group Tears for Fears, and was released on 2 April 2001.
 Although Orzabal had effectively made two solo albums under the Tears for Fears moniker in the 1990s (following the departure of bandmate Curt Smith), this was the first recording to be released under his own name.
 This album was Orzabal's last to feature contributions from Alan Griffiths, who co-wrote most of the tracks on this album as well as the previous two Tears for Fears albums.
 The album was given a low-key release and did not chart, but earned some critical acclaim for its clever melding of pop songwriting and drum 'n bass, ambient techno and trip hop textures.
 Dan Gennoe claimed in Amazon.com's editorial review: "Solo album or not, "Tomcats Screaming Outside" is the best Tears for Fears album in a decade."
Jack Joseph Osbourne (born 8 November 1985) is an English media personality with dual American and British citizenship.
 As the son of heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne, he starred on MTV's reality series "The Osbournes" (2002–05), along with his father, mother Sharon, and sister Kelly.
 Osbourne has since pursued a career as a fitness and travel reporter, presenting shows such as "" (2005–09) and BBC's "Saving Planet Earth" (2007).
 He was diagnosed with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis in 2012.
 As of summer 2016, he and father Ozzy are travelling the world in the History Channel reality series "Ozzy & Jack's World Detour".
Ozzfest is an annual festival tour of the United States and sometimes Europe (and for the first time Japan in 2013) featuring performances by many heavy metal and hard rock musical groups.
 It was founded by Ozzy Osbourne and his wife Sharon Osbourne, both of whom also organise each yearly tour with their son Jack Osbourne.
 The Ozzfest tour has featured bands of a variety of genres within heavy metal and hard rock, including alternative metal, thrash metal, industrial metal, metalcore, hardcore punk, deathcore, nu metal, death metal, post-hardcore, gothic metal and black metal.
 Ozzy Osbourne and Black Sabbath have played the tour several times over the years.
Trust Me, I'm Dr. Ozzy: Advice from Rock's Ultimate Survivor (shortened to Trust Me, I'm Dr. Ozzy) is a book by Ozzy Osbourne, vocalist of Black Sabbath and solo singer.
 It is the sequel to his 2010 release "I Am Ozzy".
 The book chronicles his drug abuse and survival stories about 40 years of Ozzy's drug and alcohol abuse.
 It also features Osbourne's health advice.
 The book was co-written by Chris Ayres, because of Osbourne's dyslexia.
"Over the Mountain" is the opening track of heavy metal musician Ozzy Osbourne's album "Diary of a Madman".
 The song debuted at number 42 on the "Billboard" Top Tracks chart and reached as high as 38.
 The song was written by Osbourne, Bob Daisley, Lee Kerslake and Randy Rhoads.
 The song was later included on the Ozzy Osbourne compilation albums, "The Ozzman Cometh" on 11 November 1997, "The Essential Ozzy Osbourne" on 11 February 2003 and "Prince of Darkness" on 22 March 2005.
 Fozzy did a cover of the song with Butch Walker on vocals and guitar.
The Essential Ozzy Osbourne is a compilation album by British heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne, released in 2003.
 It reached No. 81 on US charts and No. 21 in the UK.
 Tracks featured here from the first two albums are the re-recorded versions from recent reissues (see "Blizzard of Ozz" and "Diary of a Madman") as well as the remixed "Bark at the Moon" tracks.
 The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on 5 February 2005 with an excess of 500,000 copies sold, then certified Platinum by the RIAA on 3 March 2016.
 This compilation was re-released in 2009 as a Limited Edition 3.0 package with an additional disc of bonus songs that were not on the original release.
Ozzy Osbourne Live EP is a live EP released by Ozzy Osbourne in 1980.
Behind The Player: Blasko is an Interactive Music Video featuring Ozzy Osbourne bassist Rob "Blasko" Nicholson.
 Released on November 1, 2008 by IMV, the DVD features Blasko giving in-depth bass lessons for how to play "Dragula" by Rob Zombie and "I Don't Wanna Stop" by Ozzy Osbourne and an intimate behind-the scenes look at his life as a professional musician, including rare photos and video.
 The DVD also includes Blasko jamming the two tracks with Rob Zombie drummer Tommy Clufetos, VideoTab that shows exactly how Blasko plays his parts in the two songs, as well as other bonus material.
"Psycho Man" is a single by heavy metal band Black Sabbath.
 It was originally released on the "Reunion" album in 1998, and was the first of two new singles from the album, the other being "Selling My Soul."
 The song reached number 3 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart.
 The song was later included in Ozzy Osbourne's 2005 box set "Prince of Darkness".
 The music and lyrics were written by singer Ozzy Osbourne and guitarist Tony Iommi.
 Psycho Man and Selling My Soul are the only Black Sabbath songs to be credited just to these two members.
