Crash is a British card game extension of Nine-card Brag.
 In Crash, there is no betting, as in Brag, but rather players aim to reach a total of 11 points, gained over successive deals.
Triomphe (French for triumph) is a card game dating from the late 15th century.
 It most likely originated in France or Spain (as triunfo) and later spread to the rest of Europe.
 When the game arrived in Italy, it shared a similar name with the pre-existing game and deck known as "trionfi" (tarot).
 While trionfi has a fifth suit that acts as permanent trumps, triomphe randomly selects one of the existing four suits as trumps.
 Another common feature of this game is the robbing of the stock.
 Triomphe became so popular that during the 16th century the earlier game of trionfi was gradually renamed tarocchi, tarot, or tarock.
 This game is the origin of the English word "trump" and is the ancestor of many trick-taking games like Euchre (via Écarté) and Whist (via Ruff and Honours).
Put is an English tavern trick-taking card game first recorded in the 16th century and later castigated by 17th century moralists as one of ill repute.
 It belongs to a very ancient family of card games and clearly relates to a group known as Trut, "Truque", also "Tru", and the South American game Truco.
 Its more elaborate version is the Spanish game of Truc, which is still much played in many parts of Southern France and Spain.
Gleek is an English card game for three persons.
 It is played with a 44-card pack and was popular from the 16th century through the 18th century.
Tapp-Tarock (Viennese Tappen) is a three-player tarot card game which uses the 54-card Industrie und Glück deck.
 This is an introductory game for more complex tarock games like Cego or Königrufen.
 During the interwar period, it was the preferred card game of Viennese coffee houses.
 Even today Tapp-Tarock is played sporadically.
 The exact date when it appeared is not possible to identify, but it is likely to have been developed in Austria in the early 19th century.
 The oldest version was narrated in 1821.
Three-card brag is a 16th-century British card game, and the British national representative of the vying or "bluffing" family of gambling games.
 Brag is a direct descendant of the Elizabethan game of Primero and one of the several ancestors to poker, just varying in betting style and hand rankings.
Egyptian Ratscrew (also known as Egyptian Ratkiller, Egyptian War, and by other names) is a card game of the matching family of games.
 The game is similar to the 19th century British card game Beggar-My-Neighbour, with the added concept of "slapping" cards when certain combinations are played, similar to and perhaps borrowed from Slapjack.
The historical importance of Ombre in the field of playing cards is the fact that it was the first card game in which a trump suit was established by bidding rather than by the random process of turning the first card of the stock.
 This game developed from Triunfo, though it was from L'Hombre that the idea of bidding was adopted into other card games such as Skat, and Tarot, which owes Hombre a good portion of its betting system as well.
 The game continued to be in vogue almost in every corner of Europe from the late 17th through the 18th centuries.
Quadrille is a card game that was popular in the 18th century.
 A variant of the Spanish card game Ombre, it is played by four players in pairs, with a deck of 40 cards (the 8's, 9's and 10's being removed).
 By the end of the 19th century, the card game had fallen out of fashion.
Écarté is a two-player card game originating from France, the word literally meaning "discarded".
 It is a trick-taking game, similar to whist, but with a special and eponymous discarding phase.
 It is closely related to Euchre, a card game played mainly in the United States.
 Écarté was popular in the 19th century, but is now rarely played.
