Sandinista ideology or Sandinismo is a series of political and economic philosophies championed and instituted by the Nicaraguan Sandinista National Liberation Front throughout the late twentieth century.
 The ideology and movement acquired its name, image and, most crucially, military style from Augusto César Sandino, a Nicaraguan revolutionary leader who waged a guerrilla war against the United States Marines and the conservative Somoza National Guards in the early twentieth century.
 Despite using the Sandino name, the principals of modern Sandinista ideology were mainly developed by Carlos Fonseca, who, in likeness to the leaders of the Cuban Revolution of the 1950s, sought to inspire socialist populism among Nicaragua's peasant population.
 One of these main philosophies involved the institution of an educational system that would "free" the population from the perceived historical fallacies spouted by the ruling Somoza family.
 By awakening political thought among the people, proponents of Sandinista ideology believed that human resources would be available to not only execute a guerrilla war against the Somoza regime but also build a society resistant to economic and military intervention imposed by foreign entities.
The United Bamboo Gang also known as UBG () is the largest of Taiwan's three main criminal Triads.
 They are reported to have roughly 10,000 members.
 The membership consists largely of "waishengren" (Mainland Chinese) and has had historic ties to the Kuomintang; they are said to be motivated as much by political ideology as by profit.
 They are known to simply call themselves "businessmen", but in reality, are also involved in organized killings, drug trafficking, and sex trafficking, among others.
 The gang gained global notoriety when it became directly involved in politics in the early 1980s.
 The union does not view themselves as criminals, but instead they view themselves as patriots.
Nicke Andersson (also known as Nick Royale), born 1 August 1972, is a Swedish singer, guitarist, drummer, songwriter and composer most known for his work as the singer and guitarist of the successful Grammy award winning rock band The Hellacopters and drummer for Swedish death metal band Entombed.
 He has also done work as a producer as well as artwork for most the bands he has been involved with.
 Besides his work with the Hellacopters, Andersson is currently the drummer and songwriter in the soul band The Solution with Scott Morgan as well as the drummer, guitarist and songwriter in the death metal band Death Breath.
 Andersson has been involved in well over a hundred different official releases with different bands.
 He is currently touring with his new project, Imperial State Electric.
 Andersson was also the drummer of Tiamat in 1989, who were under the name of Treblinka, but he was no longer in the group by that year and he did not record any material with them.
Chris Bratton (born January 16, 1969) is a drummer involved in the hardcore punk scene since 1983.
 He has drummed in several influential bands including Justice League, No For An Answer, Chain Of Strength, Inside Out, Statue, Drive Like Jehu and Wool.
A fascist paramilitary is a fighting force - whether armed, unarmed, or merely symbolic - that is independent of regular military command and is established for the defence and advancement of a movement that adheres to the radical nationalist ideology of fascism.
 Since fascism is such a militarist ideology, there are very few varieties of fascism where paramilitaries do not play a central role, and some kind of paramilitary participation is almost always a basic requirement of membership in fascist movements.
 Fascist paramilitaries have seen action in both peacetime and wartime.
 Most fascist paramilitaries wear political uniforms, and many have taken their names from the colours of their uniforms.
Torment is a Peruvian black metal band formed in 2004 by Satanael (guitar, vocals) and Raksaza (drums).
 They are renowned for introducing noise music into black metal in their early albums.
 This band is also infamous for the drummer's involvement in some National Socialist black metal bands.
The Young Civilians (Turkish: "Genç Siviller" ) is a civil society / political organization and youth movement in Turkey.
 It was founded by a small group in 2007, and the organization has since grown in size and has supporters all over the globe, due in part to their social media presence.
 They are a diverse group by political ideology as well as by ethnicity, language, and religion.
 They disapprove of discrimination of any kind.
 They are firmly against the military getting involved in affairs of the state, and are pro-democracy.
 They organize marches, rallies, and protests, often with heavy use of humor and satire.
Problematization of a term, writing, opinion, ideology, identity, or person is to consider the concrete or existential elements of those involved as challenges (problems) that invite the people involved to transform those situations.
 It is a method of defamiliarization of common sense.
Civil libertarianism is a strain of political thought that supports civil liberties, or which emphasizes the supremacy of individual rights and personal freedoms over and against any kind of authority (such as a state, a corporation, social norms imposed through peer pressure, etc.).
 Civil libertarianism is not a complete ideology; rather, it is a collection of views on the specific issues of civil liberties and civil rights.
Torment is the twelfth studio album from American death metal band Six Feet Under, released on February 24, 2017 by Metal Blade Records.
 It is the first album to feature drummer Marco Pitruzzella.
