Burn Your Maps is a 2016 American adventure comedy-drama film written and directed by Jordan Roberts, based on the short story of the same name by Robyn Joy Leff.
 The film stars Vera Farmiga, Jacob Tremblay, Suraj Sharma, Ramón Rodríguez, Virginia Madsen, and Marton Csokas.
Jordan Roberts (born Bruce Robert Jordan; June 19, 1957) is an American screenwriter and film director, known for co-writing the screenplays for the Academy Award-winning animated Disney film "Big Hero 6" (2014), for which he was nominated for the Annie Award for Writing in a Feature Production and "Ferdinand" (2017).
 He also wrote and directed "Around the Bend" (2004), "3,2,1... Frankie Go Boom" (2012), and "Burn Your Maps" (2016).
Rangbaz (Bengali: রংবাজ ) is an 2017 Bangladeshi gangster film directed by Shamim Ahamed Roni and Abdul Mannan.
 It is produced by Shrikant Mohta and Mahendra Soni under the banners of SVF Entertainment and Ruprong Films Limited.
 The film marks SVF Entertainment's first Bangladeshi venture and it is also the first film of SVF Entertainment to be only releasing in Bangladesh.
 The film stars Shakib Khan and features Shabnom Bubly as his love interest.
 It also features Rajatava Dutta, Amit Hasan, Chikon Ali, and Sadek Bachchu in supporting roles.
 The film release on september 2, 2017, to coincide with Eid al-Adha in Bangladesh.
3,2,1... Frankie Go Boom is a 2012 film directed by Jordan Roberts and stars Charlie Hunnam, Chris O'Dowd, Lizzy Caplan, and Ron Perlman.
Ritika Singh (born 16 December 1993) is an Indian actress and mixed martial artist, who predominantly appears in Tamil films and also has appeared in Hindi and Telugu films.
 After competing for India at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games and then participating in the Super Fight League, she played a leading role in Sudha Kongara Prasad's Tamil film "Irudhi Suttru" (also shot in Hindi as "Saala Khadoos") alongside R. Madhavan.
 She won Special Mention at the 63rd National Film Awards for her performance in "Irudhi Suttru".
 she also acted in Telugu cinema movies Guru (2017 film) & Shivalinga (2017 film).
Ohongkar (Bengali: অহংকার ) is an 2017 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Shahadat Hossain Liton.
 It is produced by Tushar Kothachitro.
 The film stars Shakib Khan and Shabnom Bubly as lead role.
 It also supporting role with Toma Mirza, Mizu Ahmed, Rehana Jolly, Afzal Sharif, and Nuton.
 The film release on 2nd September 2017 for the Eid al-Adha.
 The film is also the fourth collaboration between Shakib Khan and Bubly.
Mahershalalhashbaz "Mahershala" Ali Gilmore ( ; "né" Gilmore; February 16, 1974) is an American actor and rapper.
 Ali began his career as a regular on series such as "Crossing Jordan" and "Threat Matrix" before his breakthrough role as Richard Tyler in the science-fiction series "The 4400".
 His first major film release was in the 2008 David Fincher-directed romantic fantasy drama film "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button", and his other notable films include "Predators", "The Place Beyond the Pines", "Free State of Jones", "Hidden Figures" and as Boggs in "The Hunger Games series".
 Ali is also known for his roles in the Netflix series "House of Cards" as Remy Danton and as Cornell "Cottonmouth" Stokes in "Luke Cage".
Jordan Roberts (born 2 January 1993) is an English footballer who plays for Reno 1868 in the United Soccer League.
You're Not You is a 2014 American drama film directed by George C. Wolfe and written by Jordan Roberts and Shana Feste, based on a novel of the same name by Michelle Wildgen.
 The film stars Hilary Swank, Emmy Rossum and Josh Duhamel.
Around the Bend is a 2004 road movie written and directed by Jordan Roberts.
 The film is inspired by the relationship between Roberts and the absentee, criminally insane, substance-abusing father he barely knew, Robert Stone Jordan (born: Robert Samuel Jordan), a self-styled indie film director/producer in his later years.
 In the 1970s Bob Jordan toured with Leon Russell for a film project that he thoroughly bungled due to his drug-induced manic behavior.
 In the 1990s he produced and directed one of the first digitally captured film experiments based on the characters in Alice in Wonderland, often known as "Through the Looking Glass".
 His last known film project, "Meth" filmed in and around Palmdale/Lancaster CA involved a film "completion fund" scam where he ran off with the Sony Camera equipment loaned to him and the money he had collected from several investors.
 Upon returning to CA, he would die in 2001 awaiting a liver transplant, without ever contacting his sons.
 Christopher Walken bore an uncanny resemblance to Robert Jordan both in the physical and in his ability to appear menacing and unpredictable.
