"Fuiste un Trozo de Hielo en la Escarcha" (English: ""You Were a Piece of Ice in the Frost"" ) is a ballad written by J. M. Cano, produced by Ronnie Foster and performed by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne.
 It was released as the third single from the Grammy nominated studio album "Chayanne II" (1988) and became the first number-one single for the singer in the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart in late 1989 and the first number-one single by a Puerto Rican musician.
Rob Bickhart is a former finance director for the Republican National Committee.
 He was appointed to his post by the current RNC chairman, Michael Steele.
 On May 7, 2010, Steele replaced Bickhart with Mary Heitman.
"All 4 Love" (also known as "All for Love") is a number-one single by the music group Color Me Badd released in 1991 as the third single from their debut album "C.M.B." As a number-one single, it replaced Michael Jackson's "Black or White" and was then replaced by Elton John and George Michael's "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me" in early 1992.
 It was the band's second number-one single in the US, and also their last one.
 The recording contains elements and/or samples of the 1966 minor R&B hit "Patch My Heart" by The Mad Lads.
 In 2002, Stevie Brock covered it as his first single.
The discography of the Pet Shop Boys, an English electronic/pop music duo, comprises 13 studio albums, four compilation albums, two live albums, four remix albums, one extended play and 55 singles.
 The duo's debut single, "West End Girls", was first released in 1984 but failed to chart in most regions.
 However, the song was entirely re-recorded in late 1985, and this newly recorded version became their first number-one single, topping the UK Singles Chart, "Billboard" Hot 100 and Canadian Singles Chart.
 Parlophone Records released the duo's debut album, "Please", in the United Kingdom in March 1986.
 The album peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart and was certified Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
 It also peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States and was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 The following summer they released "It's a Sin", the lead single from their second album, "Actually".
 The single became another UK number one and also reached number nine in the US.
 This was followed by "What Have I Done to Deserve This?
", with Dusty Springfield, which peaked at number two in both the UK and US.
 In the summer of 1987 the Pet Shop Boys recorded "Always on My Mind", a cover of the Brenda Lee track, and it became their third UK number-one single over Christmas 1987.
 This was followed by another UK number one, "Heart" in spring 1988.
 The album "Actually" was released in September 1987, peaked at number two in the UK and was certified three-times Platinum by the BPI.
The ARIA Singles Chart ranks the best-performing singles in Australia.
 Its data, published by the Australian Recording Industry Association, is based collectively on each single's weekly physical and digital sales.
 In 2013, seventeen singles claimed the top spot, including "Thrift Shop" by Macklemore and Ryan Lewis, which started its peak position in late 2012.
 Fifteen acts achieved their first number-one single in Australia, either as a lead or featured artist: Mary Lambert, Nate Ruess, Baauer, Ray Dalton, Passenger, Daft Punk, Pharrell Williams, Robin Thicke, T.I., Avicii, 2 Chainz, Redfoo, Dami Im, Taylor Henderson and John Legend.
 Im and Henderson were the only Australian artists to achieve a number-one single.
"I Can't Get Next to You" is a 1969 number-one single recorded by The Temptations and written by Norman Whitfield and Barrett Strong for the Gordy (Motown) label.
 The song was the number-one single on the Billboard Top Pop Singles chart for two weeks in 1969, from October 18 to October 25, replacing "Sugar, Sugar" by The Archies and replaced by "Suspicious Minds" by Elvis Presley.
 The single was also a number-one hit on the Billboard Top R&B Singles for five weeks, from October 4 to November 1, replacing "Oh, What a Night" by The Dells, and replaced by another Motown song, "Baby I'm For Real" by The Originals.
"It's all Love!"
 is a collaboration single by Japanese singer-songwriters Koda Kumi and Koda Misono.
 The single was originally set to be released on March 4, 2009, but was pushed back to March 31.
 The single charted at #1 on Oricon, making it Kumi's third consecutive number-one single and misono's first number-one single.
 It stayed on the charts for eleven weeks.
"Miss You Much" is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson, released as the lead single from her fourth album "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814" (1989).
 The single spent four weeks at number-one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, making it the longest running number-one single of 1989.
 "Miss You Much" was the second-best selling single of 1989 and the biggest radio airplay song of the year.
 "Billboard" later listed "Miss You Much" as Janet Jackson's all-time biggest Hot 100 single.
 It is Jackson's third longest running number-one single, behind "That's the Way Love Goes" (1993) and "All for You" (2001), which spent eight and seven weeks at number-one.
American singer Madonna has released 83 singles and 16 promotional singles, and charted with 14 other songs.
 In 1982, she signed a contract with Sire Records and Warner Bros.
 Records, and released her first two singles before launching her eponymous debut album.
 Her first entry on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 was "Holiday" (1983), which peaked at number 16.
 The following year, Madonna released "Like a Virgin", which reached number one in Australia, Canada and the US; in the latter it spent six weeks atop the chart.
 The album "Like a Virgin" spawned three other top five singles: "Material Girl", "Angel", and "Dress You Up".
 In 1985, Madonna released her second US number-one single, "Crazy for You", and her first UK number-one single, "Into the Groove", both from feature film soundtracks.
 The following year, her third studio album "True Blue" gave her three number-one singles: "Live to Tell", "Papa Don't Preach", and "Open Your Heart".
 Two other singles from the album, "True Blue" and "La Isla Bonita", were top-five hits.
 In 1987, she scored another number-one single with "Who's That Girl".
 The title track from Madonna's fourth studio album, "Like a Prayer" (1989), was her seventh single to top the Hot 100 chart, making her the female artist with the most number-one singles in the 1980s (shared with Whitney Houston).
The ARIA Singles Chart ranks the best-performing singles in Australia.
 Its data, published by the Australian Recording Industry Association, is based collectively on each single's weekly physical and digital sales.
 In 2014, fourteen singles claimed the top spot.
 Eight acts achieved their first number-one single in Australia: A Great Big World, 5 Seconds of Summer, Sheppard, Ed Sheeran, The Madden Brothers, Paloma Faith, Meghan Trainor and Mark Ronson.
 5 Seconds of Summer, Sheppard, Justice Crew and The Veronicas were the only Australian artists that achieved a number-one single in 2014.
