Skellerup Glacier ( ) is a glacier flowing west north west between All-Blacks Nunataks and Wilhoite Nunataks, west of the Churchill Mountains.
 Named in honor of P. J. Skellerup, who sponsored the Antarctic wing at Canterbury Museum.
 He is particularly keen on scientific research and donated money to build a specialist Antarctic Library at the Museum.
 He also donated a large collection of Antarctic materials to the Museum, including some very old and rare Antarctic manuscripts.
 He remains interested in the collection and has continued his sponsorship and donations over 30+ years.
The National Oil Corporation (NOC; Arabic: المؤسسة الوطنية للنفط‎ ‎ ) is the national oil company of Libya.
 It dominates Libya's oil industry, along with a number of smaller subsidiaries, which combined account for around 70% the country's oil output.
 Of NOC's subsidiaries, the largest oil producer is the Waha Oil Company (WOC), followed by the Arabian Gulf Oil Company (Agoco), Zueitina Oil Company (ZOC), and Sirte Oil Company (SOC).
Archbold Gymnasium is a gymnasium located on the campus of Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York.
 It was built in 1908 with money donated by John Dustin Archbold, a major benefactor of the university, who also funded the building of Archbold Stadium, just to the west of the gymnasium (now the site of the Carrier Dome).
 It served as the home to the men's basketball team until the building of the Manley Field House in 1962, with the exception of the time from January, 1947 to 1949.
 This was due to a large fire which gutted most of the building.
 The building was rebuilt from 1948 to 1949, and a southern addition was made in 1952, as well as a neighboring gymnasium (Flanagan Gymnasium), which was built in 1989.
 The building now houses the school's ROTC programs, men's and women's rowing indoor facilities, as well as the bursar, financial aid services, aerospace studies and undergraduate processing.
Standard Oil Company of Iowa was created in 1885 as a subsidiary of the Standard Oil Trust to handle marketing along the Pacific Coast states of Idaho, Oregon, Washington, California, and Arizona.
 Though named for the midwestern state, it never included Iowa as one of its primary marketing areas.
 A prior company named Standard Oil of California had been formed in 1877, and was not associated with the Standard Oil Trust.
 In 1906, Standard Oil of Iowa was dissolved and its assets handed over to a new Standard Oil of California, later Chevron Oil Company, and now the Chevron Corporation.
 Standard Oil Company of Iowa is thus the original company that is now Chevron.
Manley Field House is a multi-purpose arena in Syracuse, New York.
 The arena opened in 1962 and at one time held 9500 people for home games.
 It was home to the Syracuse Orange men's and women's basketball teams, the indoor track team, and the women's volleyball team before the Carrier Dome opened in 1980.
 It is named for Dr. George L. Manley, a University trustee and graduate of the College of Medicine, who was the benefactor of the building.
 It was built to replace the old Archbold Gymnasium, which had served for almost 60 years prior.
The Aghajari oil field is an iranian oil field located in Khuzestan Province.
 It was discovered in 1938 and developed by National Iranian Oil Company.
 It began production in 1940 and produces oil.
 The total proven reserves of the Aghajari oil field are around 30 billion barrels (3758×10tonnes), and production is centered on 300000 oilbbl/d .
 The field is owned by state-owned National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) and operated by National Iranian South Oil Company (NISOC).
Skelly Oil Company was a medium-sized oil company founded in 1919 by William Grove (Bill) Skelly, Chesley Coleman Herndon and Frederick A. Pielsticker in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
 J. Paul Getty acquired control of the company during the 1930s.
 Skelly Oil became part of Getty Oil Company, Mission Oil Company, Tidewater Oil Company.
 It became defunct when absorbed by Getty Oil Company in 1974, and the abandoned Skelly brand logo was revived by Nimmons-Joliet Development Corp. in 2012.
John Dustin Archbold (July 26, 1848 in Leesburg, Ohio – December 6, 1916 in Tarrytown, New York) was an American capitalist and one of the United States' earliest oil refiners.
 His small oil company was bought out by John D Rockefeller's Standard Oil Company.
 Archbold rose rapidly at Standard Oil, handling many of the complex secret negotiations over the years.
 By 1882 he was Rockefeller's closest associate, and typically acted as the company's primary spokesman.
 Rockefeller after 1896 left business matters to Archbold while he pursued his philanthropy; as vice president Archbold effectively ran Standard Oil until his death in 1916.
 Inspired by Rockefeller's policies, Archbold's main goals were stabilization, efficiency, and minimizing waste in refining and distributing petroleum products.
 The company was broken up by the Supreme Court in 1911 into three dozen smaller operations, Archbold became president of the largest one, Standard Oil of New Jersey.
Schmidt Field House is an on-campus arena at Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.
 It was built in 1927 and opened on March 7, 1928 with a win against archrival Cincinnati.
 It is named for Walter Schmidt, Class of 1905, a benefactor to then-St.
 Xavier College who also donated money for Schmidt Hall (formerly the library, now the President's office) on campus.
Branch Rickey Arena is a 2,300-seat multi-purpose arena at Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware, Ohio, located centrally on campus and adjacent to Edwards Gymnasium.
 It is home to the Wesleyan Battling Bishops basketball and volleyball teams.
 It opened in June 1976, replacing Edwards Gymnasium, which was remodeled to become a full-time exercise facility.
 It was named for the late Branch Rickey, Class of 1904, a major benefactor to the university and a manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers.
