Morley Safer (November 8, 1931 – May 19, 2016) was a Canadian-American broadcast journalist, reporter, and correspondent for CBS News.
 He was best known for his long tenure on the news magazine "60 Minutes", whose cast he joined in 1970 after its second year on television.
 He was the longest-serving reporter on "60 Minutes", the most watched and most profitable program in television history.
Randall Pinkston was a correspondent/anchor for Al Jazeera America.
 Previously he was with CBS News.
 After a stint as a White House Correspondent in CBS's Washington Bureau, Pinkston became a general assignment reporter, contributing to CBS broadcasts, including CBS Evening News, Morning News, Weekend News, CBS News Sunday Morning and 48 Hours.
 Pinkston also contributed to the CBS Reports documentary, Legacy of Shame with Correspondent Dan Rather.
 Pinkston has filled in as anchor on the CBS Evening News-Weekend Edition, Up to the Minute and CBS Morning News.
Andrew Aitken "Andy" Rooney (January 14, 1919 – November 4, 2011) was an American radio and television writer who was best known for his weekly broadcast "A Few Minutes with Andy Rooney", a part of the CBS News program "60 Minutes" from 1978 to 2011.
 His final regular appearance on "60 Minutes" aired on October 2, 2011.
 He died one month later, on November 4, 2011, at age 92.
The Great American Dream Machine was a weekly satirical variety television series, produced in New York City by WNET and broadcast on PBS from 1971 to 1972.
The program was hosted by humorist and commentator Marshall Efron.
 Other notable cast members included Chevy Chase and contributors included Albert Brooks, Paul Jacobs, and Andy Rooney.
 The show centered on skits and satirical political commentary.
 The hour and a half long show usually contained at least seven different current event topics.
 In the second season, the show was trimmed down to an hour.
CBS Morning News is an American early morning television news program for CBS News that is broadcast on CBS.
 The program features late-breaking news stories, national weather forecasts and sports highlights.
 Since 2013, it has been anchored by Anne Marie Green, who concurrently anchored the CBS late-night news program "Up to the Minute" until its cancellation in September 2015.
CBS Reports is the umbrella title used for documentaries by CBS News which aired starting in 1959 through the 1990s.
 The series sometimes aired as a wheel series rotating with "60 Minutes" (or other similar CBS News series), as a series of its own or as specials.
 The program aired as a constant series from 1959 to 1971.
 Notable episodes include "Harvest of Shame", a Peabody Award-winning examination of migrant workers in the United States, and "", the first time homosexuality was presented on a national network broadcast.
 "The Homosexuals" has been heavily criticized for promoting a negative view of gay Americans.
Charles Lewis is an investigative journalist based in Washington D.C. Lewis founded The Center for Public Integrity and several other nonprofit organizations and is currently the executive editor of the Investigative Reporting Workshop at the American University School of Communication in D.C.
 He was an investigative producer for ABC News and the CBS news program "60 Minutes".
 He left 60 Minutes in 1989 and began the Center for Public Integrity, a non-partisan group which reports on political and government workings, from his home, growing it to a full-time staff of 40 people.
 When commenting on his move away from prime-time journalism, Lewis expressed his frustration that the most important issues of the day were not being reported.
Donald Shepard "Don" Hewitt (December 14, 1922 – August 19, 2009) was an American television news producer and executive, best known for creating "60 Minutes", the CBS television news magazine, in 1968, which at the time of his death, was the longest-running prime-time broadcast on American television.
 Under Hewitt's leadership, "60 Minutes" was the only news program ever rated the nation's top-ranked television program, an achievement it accomplished five times.
 Hewitt produced the first televised presidential debate in 1960.
Nicolás Lúcar de la Portilla has been a Peruvian journalist since the 1980s.
 In 1991 he started his first investigative news program in America Televisión called ""La revista dominical"" roughly translated in English as ""The Sunday report"", it featured almost the same format as used in the long-running CBS News Sunday newsmagazine 60 Minutes.
 The show at the time was considered one of the most outstanding newsprograms, and it used to be on the top of the ratings during almost all the 1990s.
 The program lasted until 1999 when low ratings pushed America Televisión executives to mark the end of the show.
CBS News is the news division of American television and radio service CBS.
 The president of CBS News is David Rhodes.
 CBS News' broadcasts include the "CBS Evening News", "CBS This Morning", news magazine programs "CBS Sunday Morning", "60 Minutes" and "48 Hours", and Sunday morning political affairs program "Face the Nation".
 CBS Radio News produces hourly newscasts for hundreds of radio stations, while CBS also operates a 24-hour news network called CBSN, the first live anchored 24-hour streaming news network that is exclusively online and on smart devices.
