"Look At Us Now" is a song by American DJs Lost Kings.
 It features singer Ally Brooke and rapper ASAP Ferg.
 The song was remixed by Kaidro.
"When I Look at You" is a song by American singer-songwriter and actress Miley Cyrus.
 The song was written by Hillary Lindsey and John Shanks, and produced by Shanks.
 It was released on March 26, 2010 by Hollywood Records as the second and final single from Cyrus' first EP, "The Time of Our Lives" (2009).
 "When I Look at You" was featured on the 2010 romantic-drama film "The Last Song" and its corresponding soundtrack, being used to promote the film.
 The song contains an instrumentation primarily based on piano, while its lyrics speak of a dream boy.
"I Wonder If I Take You Home" is a song recorded by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam with Full Force in 1984.
 Record Producer Kenny Beck discovered the song in a "discard bin" at Personal Records while looking for songs to include on his debut album with the label.
 He was so impressed that he created a compilation break-dancing album, "CBS/SuzyQ," just to include the song.
 He released the album in Europe on CBS Records, and it immediately gained popularity as a dance hit with club DJs there.
 Soon American DJs began playing the song in the United States on Columbia Records.
 After the song received heavy play from these DJs, "I Wonder If I Take You Home" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart for one week in June 1985.
 On other US charts, it peaked at No. 6 on the R&B chart and reached No. 34 on the Hot 100.
 The single was certified as gold in the U.S. by the RIAA.
 Overseas, it charted at No. 12 on the UK Singles Chart.
"Phone Down" is a song recorded by American DJs Lost Kings and singer Emily Warren.
 It was released as a single on October 7, 2016, via Disruptor Records and RCA Records.
"It Began in Afrika" is a song by British electronic music duo The Chemical Brothers.
 It was released as the first single from their fourth album "Come with Us" on 10 September 2001.
 Originally named "Electronic Battle Weapon 5" and released for DJs as a white label in June 2001, "It Began in Afrika" became a hit in clubs and was renamed for its official release.
 The song contains vocal samples from the track "Drumbeat" by American musician Jim Ingram.
"Feel Good" is a song by American DJs Gryffin and Illenium.
 The song features the vocals of American singer Daya, and was released on March 3, 2017, through Darkroom Records and Interscope Records.
Smooth Touch is an American dance music duo of producers and DJs Erick Morillo and Kenny Lewis.
 In 1993 they hit #1 on the US Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart, with the song "House Of Love (In My House)."
 The track peaked at #58 in the UK Singles Chart in April 1994.
808 Audio is an American headphones, earphones, and wireless speakers company based in Hauppauge, New York.
 It is a subsidiary of Voxx International.
 The company specializes in manufacturing and making studio headphones targeted at consumers who identify with the EDM culture, DJs, and/or look for studio-quality sound.
"Let Me Hold You (Turn Me On)" is a song by American DJs Cheat Codes and Dutch DJ Dante Klein.
 Released by Spinnin' Records on July 1, 2016, the song is largely a cover of Kevin Lyttle's 2003 hit "Turn Me On", though it does include new lyrics.
 It is the follow-up to Cheat Codes' internationally successful single "Sex".
"Delirious" is a song by American musician Prince, from his 1982 album, "1999".
 It was the album's third single, and Prince's second top 10 hit, reaching number 8 in the US during the fall of 1983.
 The success of the single was boosted by the runaway success of the previous single, "Little Red Corvette", and also because DJs often played the first three album tracks in sequence, which just happened to be the order of the singles released from the album.
