James Buford Abner (November 10, 1917 - November 19, 2011) was an American songwriter, musician and singer who worked during the early days of country music, working in both secular and gospel country music genres.
 With his brother Merle Abner, his uncle Stacy Abner, George Hughes and Billy Carrier, he was a member of the Swanee River Boys.
 He was inducted into the Southern Gospel Music Association Hall of Fame in 2002 and the Atlanta Country Music Hall of Fame as a member of the Swanee River Boys.
The Kendall Wall Band originally known as the "Kendall Wall Blues Band", was a Canadian blues band formed in September 1983 by award-winning Canadian bassist, vocalist, Gary Kendall and alumnus and collaborator drummer Cash Wall who was the band's co-leader and lead vocalist.
 Both Wall and Kendall are former members of the Downchild Blues Band which is commonly known as 'the premier blues band in Canada'.
 The addition of harmonica player Bob 'Cadillac Eddy' Adams and guitarist Richard Smyth, completed the band.
Diamond Rio is an American country and Christian country music band.
 The band was founded in 1982 as an attraction for the Opryland USA theme park in Nashville, Tennessee, and was originally known as the Grizzly River Boys, then the Tennessee River Boys.
 It was founded by Matt Davenport, Danny Gregg, and Ty Herndon, the last of whom became a solo artist in the mid-1990s.
 After undergoing several membership changes in its initial years, the band has consisted of the same six members since 1989: Marty Roe (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Gene Johnson (mandolin, guitar, fiddle, tenor vocals), Jimmy Olander (lead guitar, Dobro, banjo), Brian Prout (drums), Dan Truman (keyboards, organ, synthesizer), and Dana Williams (bass guitar, baritone vocals).
Richard Renaldi (born 1968) is an American portrait photographer.
 His four main books each contain portraits of people Renaldi met in public, and some landscapes, made over numerous years with an 8×10 large format view camera.
 Renaldi's books are: "Figure and Ground" (2006) – various people throughout the USA; "Fall River Boys" (2009) – young men (and some women) growing up in the post-industrial city of Fall River, Massachusetts; "Touching Strangers" (2014) – strangers posed by Renaldi physically touching in some way, made all over the USA; and "Manhattan Sunday" (2016) – LGBT people photographed between midnight and 10 am on Sundays mainly on the streets of Manhattan having left nightclubs.
Grizzly River Run is located at Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California.
 It is similar to Kali River Rapids in Disney's Animal Kingdom but distinctive as the rafts are engineered to spin as they descend chutes.
 The attraction's name comes from Grizzly Peak, the bear shaped mountain that the rapids flow around.
 It was designed by Walt Disney Imagineering and constructed by Intamin.
Anthony Toby "Tony" Hiller (born 30 July 1927) is a British songwriter.
 He began his musical career as a member of the song and dance duo The Hiller Brothers, sharing the stage with his brother Irving.
 The Hiller Brothers appeared with many artists of the time including Alma Cogan, Tommy Cooper, Val Doonican, Matt Monro, The Shadows, Bernard Manning, Kathy Kirby, Roger Whittaker, Rip Taylor, Gene Vincent, Lance Percival, Tessie O'Shea, Frank Ifield, Deep River Boys, The Dallas Boys, Clark Brothers, Paul Melba and Ray Burns.
Darryl "Brax" Braxton is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", played by Steve Peacocke.
 He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 16 February 2011.
 The character was created and introduced along with his two brothers; Heath (Dan Ewing) and half-brother, Casey (Lincoln Younes).
 The trio were nicknamed the River Boys and were inspired by the real life Bra Boys group.
 When Peacocke learnt about the role of Brax, he initially thought he would not suit the part as he is from the country.
 However, after learning more about the character, Peacocke successfully auditioned for the role.
 Peacocke's departure was announced on 1 February 2015 and Brax made a temporary exit on 10 June 2015, before returning on 9 December.
 He made his final appearance on 7 June 2016.
Casey Braxton is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera "Home and Away", played by Lincoln Younes.
 Casey made his first on-screen appearance on 17 February 2011.
 Younes was about to go travelling when he auditioned for the role of Casey.
 He changed his plans upon winning the role.
 In late 2010 the Seven Network began airing trailers for a new trio of characters known as "The River Boys".
 The trio consist of Casey and his older half-brothers Darryl (Steve Peacocke) and Heath Braxton (Dan Ewing).
 The River Boys arrive in Summer Bay from neighbouring town Mangrove River.
 Casey is characterised as being a "modern day "Rebel Without a Cause""; who is intelligent and unsure about what he wants out of life.
 Younes has described him as the "epitome of teenage angst".
 The River Boys cause trouble in Summer Bay and producers were inspired by Koby Abberton's Bra Boys in the creation process.
 Casey is portrayed as wanting to distance himself from their bad reputation; but his anger issues often mar his attempts.
Little Eyes or Little Lize (Lil' Lize) is a folksong that is popular in Cornwall, England, UK, although it originated in America.
 It was written by Buford Abner of the Swannee River Boys in the late 1940s or early 1950s.
 The first known recording is from the 1950s by an American harmony group called the Delta Rhythm Boys.
The Hillmen is a studio album by The Hillmen, a southern California bluegrass band originally known as The Golden State Boys.
 The Hillmen consisted of Chris Hillman (later of The Byrds, The Flying Burrito Brothers, Manassas and The Desert Rose Band) on mandolin, country singer/songwriter Vern Gosdin on guitar and lead vocals, his brother Rex Gosdin on double bass, and Don Parmley (later of the Bluegrass Cardinals) on banjo.
