Alexander Valerievich Radulov (Russian: Александр Валерьевич Радулов ; born 5 July 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey player, currently playing for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He had previously had two separate stints with the Nashville Predators, the NHL team which had drafted him, as well as 8 seasons in the Kontinental Hockey League, split evenly between Salavat Yulaev Ufa and CSKA Moscow.
Anders Lindbäck (born 3 May 1988) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Milwaukee Admirals in the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He has previously played for the Tampa Bay Lightning, Dallas Stars, Buffalo Sabres and Arizona Coyotes in the NHL.
Daniel Ellis (born June 19, 1980) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender.
 He most recently played under contract to the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He previously played in the National Hockey League for the Dallas Stars, Nashville Predators, Tampa Bay Lightning, Anaheim Ducks, Carolina Hurricanes, and the Florida Panthers.
 After a year being an assistant coach with the Omaha Lancers of the United States Hockey League in 2016-17, Ellis is currently the goalie scout for the Chicago Blackhawks.
Patrick Côté (born January 24, 1975) is a former professional ice hockey player.
 Selected 37th overall by the Dallas Stars in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft, Côté played only eight National Hockey League (NHL) games in three seasons with the Stars.
 He signed with the Nashville Predators where he scored three points (one goal and two assists) in 91 games over two seasons, picking up 313 penalty minutes.
 He also played six games for the Edmonton Oilers.
 He played several seasons in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey between 2001 and 2008.
Denny Lambert (born January 7, 1970) is a former professional Canadian ice hockey player and member of the Batchewana First Nation.
 Lambert was drafted in the Ontario Hockey League where he played for the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds for three years.
 He then played 2 seasons in the International Hockey League with the San Diego Gulls before being drafted to the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim.
 He was then signed as a free agent with the Ottawa Senators in July 1996 and went on to play for the Nashville Predators (1998-1999) and the Atlanta Thrashers.
 He rejoined the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim (2001-2002) for his final NHL season before finishing off his career in the American Hockey League with the Milwaukee Admirals.
 He also coached the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds of the Ontario Hockey League from 2008–2011.
 He went on to be a First Nations Police Officer with the Anishinabek Police Service.
 Denny graduated from the Ontario Police College in November 2012.
 He is currently hired by the Gatineau Olympiques of the Quebec Major Jr.
 Hockey League as an associate coach as of 2016.
<http://www.batchewana.ca/election/dlambert.html> <http://www.saultstar.com/2012/01/18/lambert-passing-on-wisdom>
Barry Trotz (born July 15, 1962) is a Canadian ice hockey coach.
 He is the head coach of the National Hockey League's Washington Capitals and the former head coach of the NHL's Nashville Predators.
 He was previously the coach of the American Hockey League's Baltimore Skipjacks and Portland Pirates, with whom he won an AHL championship in 1994.
 That same year, he won the Louis A.R. Pieri Memorial Award, which is awarded to the outstanding coach in the AHL as voted upon by the AHL Broadcasters and Writers.
 On February 20, 2013 Lindy Ruff was fired by the Buffalo Sabres, making Trotz the longest-tenured head coach in the NHL.
 He was also the second-longest tenured coach in the four major North American professional leagues, behind only Gregg Popovich of the NBA's San Antonio Spurs.
 On April 14, 2014, the Nashville Predators announced that Trotz would not return for his 16th season as head coach.
 On May 26, 2014, Trotz was announced as the new head coach of the Washington Capitals.
Joseph Denis Stéphan Bégin (] ); born June 14, 1978) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in 13 National Hockey League (NHL) seasons.
 He was a second-round selection of the Calgary Flames, 40th overall, in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft, and played with the Flames, Montreal Canadiens, Dallas Stars, Boston Bruins and Nashville Predators in his NHL career.
 After missing a full season due to injury, Bégin made a successful comeback by rejoining the Flames in 2012–13 before another injury forced his retirement.
Ryan Johansen (born July 31, 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, an alternate captain for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Growing up, he played minor hockey in the Greater Vancouver area until joining the junior ranks with the Penticton Vees of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) for one season.
 In 2009–10, he moved to the major junior level with the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League (WHL).
 After his first WHL season, he was selected fourth overall by the Blue Jackets in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
 Internationally, he has competed for the Canadian national junior team at the 2011 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, where he earned a silver medal and was named to the Tournament All-Star Team.
 In 2015, he participated in the 2015 NHL Skills Competition and was named the 2015 NHL All-Star Game MVP.
Antoine Roussel (born 21 November 1989) is a French/Canadian professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Born in France, Roussel first played hockey there before moving to Quebec at the age of 16.
 After four years in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL), he turned professional and played in the American Hockey League (AHL) and ECHL, minor leagues in North America.
 Signed by the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL) in 2012, he made his NHL debut in 2013 for the club.
 Regarded as a physical player, Roussel has consistently been one of the NHL's leaders in penalty minutes throughout his career, though he has also scored at least 10 goals and 20 points in every season he has played in the NHL, except for his rookie season in 2012-13.
 Internationally Roussel has represented the French national team both at the junior and senior level, including multiple World Championships.
Peter Philip Laviolette Jr. (born December 7, 1964) is an American professional ice hockey coach and former player.
 He is the current head coach for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He has previously held this position with the New York Islanders, Carolina Hurricanes, and Philadelphia Flyers.
 He coached the Hurricanes to a Stanley Cup win in 2006, and later coached the Philadelphia Flyers to the Stanley Cup Finals in 2010, and the Nashville Predators in 2017.
 Laviolette is the fourth coach in NHL history to lead three different teams to the Stanley Cup Finals.
 Despite this, he only played twelve NHL games himself, all with the New York Rangers.
