Ceephax Acid Crew (real name Andy Jenkinson) is a British acid techno and drum and bass electronic musician.
 Jenkinson is also known simply by the pseudonym Ceephax, which is a reference to the BBC teletext service Ceefax.
 He is the brother of Squarepusher (Tom Jenkinson).
Ceephax Acid Crew is the name of two 12" vinyl EPs and a double-CD album of music by Ceephax Acid Crew.
 All tracks except "Milk Tray" from "Part 1" and "Acid Vaccination" from "Part Two" were released on the double-CD.
 Additional songs on the double-CD are from "Radiotin EP", "Bainted Smile EP" and "Acid Legacy EP".
Slacker Radio is an online music streaming service available in the US and Canada.
 Listeners can access the service on the web and through mobile apps on multiple smartphones.
 It allows users to create and share customized music stations.
 Slacker allows users to customize one of their programmed stations (for instance, "Today's Hits") or start with music similar to an artist or song, and then customize that.
Buzz Caner is an album by Chaos A.D., an alias of Squarepusher (Tom Jenkinson).
 Instead of Squarepusher's unusual drum and bass sound, this album uses a more techno-based acid house sound.
Octane is an active rock radio station on Sirius XM Satellite Radio channel 37 (previously 20) and Dish Network channel 6037.
 As a part of the Sirius XM Merger, Octane replaced the XM station SquiZZ on XM channel 48 (later moving to 37) and DirecTV channel 835 (until February 9, 2010).
 The channel is uncensored, and its musical focus is active rock in current development on.
 Core artists include Shinedown, Linkin Park, Breaking Benjamin, Disturbed, Alice in Chains, Drowning Pool, Pantera, Saliva, Tool, System of a Down, Three Days Grace, Evanescence, Anthrax, Rammstein, Rage Against the Machine, 10 Years, Five Finger Death Punch, Down, Staind, Godsmack, Korn, Rob Zombie, Nine Inch Nails, Static-X, Fear Factory, Audioslave, Seether, Slipknot, Lamb of God, Avenged Sevenfold, Otep, Bullet for My Valentine, Killswitch Engage, Limp Bizkit, Skillet, and Metallica.
 Octane is a newer active rock music similar to that played on most hard rock-leaning terrestrial radio stations in the United States, similar to the old Squizz on XM.
 Octane had the most fans of any Sirius XM Satellite Radio station on Facebook with over 200,000.
United Acid Emirates is an album by Ceephax Acid Crew, released in 2010 on Planet Mu.
Maresin 1 (MaR1 or 7"R",14"S"-dihydroxy-4"Z",8"E",10"E",12"Z",16"Z",19"Z"-docosahexaenoic acid) is a macrophage-derived mediator of inflammation resolution coined from macrophage mediator in resolving inflammation.
 Maresin 1, and more recently defined maresins, are 12-lipoxygenase-derived metabolites of the omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), that possess potent anti-inflammatory, pro-resolving, protective, and pro-healing properties similar to a variety of other members of the specialized proresolving mediators (SPM) class of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolites.
 SPM are dihydroxy, trihydroxy, and epoxy-hydroxy metabolites of long chain PUFA made by certain dioxygenase enzymes viz., cyclooxygenases and lipoxygenases.
 In addition to the maresins, this class of mediators includes: the 15-lipoxygenase (i.e. ALOX15 and/or possibly ALOX15B)-derived Lipoxin A and B metabolites of the omega 6 fatty acid, arachidonic acid; the cyclooxygenase 2-derived Resolvin E series metabolites of the omega 3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid; certain 15-lipoxygenase-derived Resolvin D series metabolites of DHA; certain other 15-lipoxygenase-derived protectin D1 and related metabolites of DHA; and the more recently defined and therefore less fully studied 15-lipoxygenase-derived Resolvin D metabolites of the omega-3 fatty acid n-3 docosapentaenoic acid (n-3 DPA or clupanodonic acid), the cyclooxygenase 2-derived Resolvin T metabolites of this clupanodonic acid, and the 15-lipoxygenase-derived products of the N-acetylated fatty acid amide of the DHA metabolite, docosahexaenoyl ethanolamide (see resolvins).
Squarepusher is the principal pseudonym adopted by Tom Jenkinson (born 17 January 1975), a UK-based recording artist.
 His compositions draw on a number of influences including drum and bass, acid house, jazz and electroacoustic music.
 His recordings are typified by a combination of electronic sound sources, live instrumental playing and digital signal processing.
 He is the brother of Ceephax Acid Crew (Andrew Jenkinson).
Patrick Lundborg (1967 – June 7, 2014) was a writer on psychedelic culture and author of the books "Psychedelia" and "The Acid Archives".
 Lundborg had a bachelor of science degree in applied systems science ('datavetenskap' in Swedish) from Stockholm University, with additional studies in classic philosophy and the history of religion.
 Lundborg was an original member of the Lumber Island Acid Crew, a psychedelic artist collective which formed in Stockholm in the mid-1980s and remains active up to the present time.
Ceerial Port is an EP by the electronic band Ceephax Acid Crew.
 It was released in 2006.
