Disney Magazine was an official Disney magazine that was published quarterly from December 1965 to April 2005.
In algebra, a semiprimitive ring or Jacobson semisimple ring or J-semisimple ring is a ring whose Jacobson radical is zero.
 This is a type of ring more general than a semisimple ring, but where simple modules still provide enough information about the ring.
 Rings such as the ring of integers are semiprimitive, and an artinian semiprimitive ring is just a semisimple ring.
 Semiprimitive rings can be understood as subdirect products of primitive rings, which are described by the Jacobson density theorem.
The tamper-evident band (also known as the pilfer-proof ring -however considered a misnomer given that pilfering is still technically possible) is a plastic or metal ring that is often found attached below a screw cap in bottles, connected by thin bridges.
 They can be molded along with the cap or slit afterwards.
 When unscrewing the cap, the ring breaks: the ring can separate from the cap, and two separate pieces remain, the sealing piece and the leftover ring; or the broken ring can form a "pigtail" still attached to the cap.
 The ring therefore is a tamper warning: if the seal between the ring and the cap is broken, it is an indication that the cap has been opened.
The Ring En Español was a Spanish version of boxing publication "The Ring" magazine.
 "Ring En Español" was published from 1977 to 1985.
 Originally published from Caracas, it moved in 1981 to Miami, to Editorial America (currently owned by Televisa), the same editorial house that oversaw the production of "Cosmopolitan"'s Spanish version.
The Tritonian Ring is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series.
 It was first published in the magazine "Two Complete Science Adventure Books" for Winter, 1951, and first appeared in book form in de Camp's collection "The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales" (Twayne, 1953).
 Its first publication as a stand-alone novel was as a paperback by Paperback Library in 1968; the first hardcover edition was from Owlswick Press in 1977.
 An E-book edition was published as "The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian" [sic] "Tales" by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29, 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
Disney Adventures (also short-formed as "D.A.") was a children's entertainment and educational magazine published twelve (later ten) times per year by Disney Publishing Worldwide, a subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products, a unit of The Walt Disney Company.
 It should not be confused with the (now defunct) "Disney Magazine".
 "Disney Adventures" also contained the latest news concerning the Disney Channel.
Bit-Tech is an online magazine for computer hardware enthusiasts, gamers and case modders, based in the UK.
 It was founded in 2000, became a fully professional online publication in 2005, and announced its acquisition by Dennis Publishing in October 2008.
 Dennis Publishing then partnered the site with existing monthly publication Custom PC magazine, making Bit-Tech the online version of the magazine.
 At this point the two editorial teams were totally integrated.
 However, due to a restructure in January 2012 the website and magazine now have separate editors again, although several of the writers still contribute material to both publications.
 It is now owned by The Media Team.
Benny Lynch (2 April 1913 – 6 August 1946 in Gorbals, Glasgow, Scotland) was a Scottish professional boxer who fought in the flyweight division.
 He is considered by some to be one of the finest boxers below the lightweight division in his era and has been described as the greatest fighter Scotland ever produced. "
The Ring Magazine" founder Nat Fleischer rated Lynch as the No. 5 flyweight of all-time while his publication placed him 63rd in its 2002 list of the "Best Fighters of the Last 80 Years".
 Like Fleischer, both Statistical boxing website BoxRec and the International Boxing Research Organization also rank Lynch as the 5th greatest flyweight ever.
 He was elected to the Ring Magazine hall of fame in 1986 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1998.
Computer Magazine (and their website www.ComputerMagazine.com) is a popular magazine and online news site on computing and technology, offering current news and reviews of popular and new business and consumer technologies, software, hardware, mobile computing, tablets, PCs, Macs, Windows, Linux, telecom, cellular, wireless, data, cloud and science news on digital technologies and everything in the "tech-sphere and digi-verse", especially focused on information technology, devices, software and services and related subjects, such as networking, servers, data centers and corporate data infrastructure technologies, and the Internet.
 Their online site, since 1997, is located at ComputerMagazine.com.
 "Computer Magazine" produces industry instructional and a popular ongoing webcast/podcast talk show and performs evaluations and reviews of IT industry technology products, hardware, software and services with objective reporting widely respected as independent and objective, and trusted in the industry.
 "Computer Magazine" is a free publication (in addition to their webcasts and other resources) sponsored by the nonprofit UTCP (United Technology and Computing Professionals) organization, and as such charges no fees for the publication nor is influenced by advertising, so their reviews are relied on in the industry and considered unbiased and thorough.
 "Computer Magazine" is one of the early large technology publications and resources available on the web still existent and thriving today and that has remained independent.
 ComputerMagazine.com is a tech news and resources consolidator that publishes part of the site in a semi-time line/blogging format that is popular among their wide following of subscriber and non-subscriber readers, allowing readers to respond and comment on various articles.
 Site contributors include many of the well known technology authors, experts and publication sources, content and articles are provided by major technology syndicators and by external expert technology sources (such as "Computer World", "Information Week", "Network World", "Wired," "Time", etc.) as well as "Computer Magazine" staff writers, and is currently managed and edited by the industry veteran Christopher Swearingin an MCSE and former CIO and regarded author as well as contributor/reporter for "Computer Magazine" and other publications.
The Ring (often called The Ring magazine or Ring TV) is an American boxing magazine that was first published in 1922 as a boxing and wrestling magazine.
 As the sporting legitimacy of professional wrestling came more into question, "The Ring" shifted to becoming exclusively a boxing oriented publication.
 The magazine is currently owned by Oscar De La Hoya's Golden Boy Enterprises, which acquired it in 2007.
