The Manhattan Community Board 11 is a New York City community board encompassing the Manhattan neighborhoods of East Harlem and Randalls Island.
 It is delimited by the East River on the east, 96th Street on the south, Fifth Avenue and Mount Morris Park on the west, as well as by the Harlem River on the north.
 It also includes Ward Island Park and Randall Island Park.
The Manhattan Community Board 12 is a New York City community board for the neighborhoods of Inwood and Washington Heights in the borough of Manhattan.
 It is delimited by the Harlem River on the east and on the north, the Hudson River on the west and the 155th Street on the south.
Manhattan Community Board 6 is a New York City community board, part of the local government apparatus of the city, with responsibility for the East Side of Manhattan from 14th Street to 59th Street.
 This includes the neighborhoods of Gramercy Park, Stuyvesant Town, Peter Cooper Village, Waterside Plaza, Murray Hill, Kips Bay, Turtle Bay, Tudor City, and Sutton Place.
 The eastern and western borders are the East River and Lexington Avenue, except between 34th Street and 40th Street, where the area extends west to Madison Avenue, and between 20th Street and 22nd Street where it extends west to Park Avenue South.
The Manhattan Community Board 8 is a New York City community board encompassing the Upper East Side, including the neighborhoods of Lenox Hill, Yorkville, and Roosevelt Island in the borough of Manhattan.
 It is delimited by the East River on the east, 59th Street on the south, Central Park on the west and 96th Street on the north.
The Manhattan Community Board 10 is a New York City community board encompassing the neighborhoods of Harlem and Polo Grounds in the borough of Manhattan.
 It is delimited by Fifth Avenue and Mount Morris Park on the east, Central Park on the south, Harlem River drive, Edgecombe Avenue, Saint Nicholas Avenue, the 123rd street and Morningside Avenue on the west, as well as by the Harlem River on the north.
Kips Bay is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
 A part of Manhattan Community Board 6, Kips Bay is bordered on the north by Murray Hill; on the west by Madison Square, NoMad, or Rose Hill; on the south by the Gramercy Park neighborhood and the Peter Cooper Village apartment complex; and on the east by the East River. "
The New York Times" defines the boundaries as the area between East 23rd Street to the south, East 34th Street to the north, Lexington Avenue to the west, and the East River to the east.
 The American Institute of Architects' "AIA Guide to New York City" considers the western boundary to be Second Avenue.
The Manhattan Community Board 9 is a New York City community board encompassing all of WestSide Harlem neighborhoods of Hamilton Heights, Manhattanville, and Morningside Heights in the borough of Manhattan.
 It is delimited by Edgecombe Avenue, Bradhurst Avenue, Saint Nicholas Avenue, the 123rd Street and Morningside Avenue on the east, Cathedral Parkway on the south, the Hudson River on the west and 155th Street on the north.
Murray Hill is a neighborhood in midtown Manhattan in New York City.
 In 1999, Manhattan Community Board 6 – of which Murray Hill is part – defined the boundaries as East 34th Street to the south, East 40th Street to the north, Madison Avenue to the west, and East River to the east.
The Manhattan Community Board 1 is a New York City community board encompassing the neighborhoods of Battery Park City, the Financial District, the South Street Seaport, and TriBeCa in Lower Manhattan in the borough of Manhattan as well as Liberty Island, Ellis Island and Governors Island.
 It is bounded by Baxter Street, Pearl Street, the Brooklyn Bridge and the East River on the east, Upper New York Bay on the south, the Hudson River on the west and Canal Street on the north.
The Manhattan Community Board 7 is a New York City community board encompassing the neighborhoods of Manhattan Valley, Upper West Side, and Lincoln Square in the borough of Manhattan.
