Edward Murawinski (born November 3, 1951 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American cartoonist.
 He was formerly employed by the "New York Daily News" in New York City as an artist and is currently a member of the National Cartoonist Society.
 He attended Manhattan's School of Visual Arts and has been employed by the "Daily News" from 1968-2015.
Marcia Kramer (born December 30, 1948) is the chief political correspondent for WCBS-TV (CBS 2) in New York City.
 Kramer has collected many awards for her electronic journalism at the station and at the New York Daily News newspaper.
 The awards include two George Foster Peabody awards, two Edward R. Murrow awards, eight Emmy awards, two New York Press Club Golden Typewriter awards and a first-place award from the Associated Press for her investigative reporting.
 [WCBS-TV web bio].
 At the Daily News, she was a staff reporter before she was appointed the paper's first woman bureau chief in City Hall and Albany.
On July 7, 2006, the FBI announced that they had foiled a plot that was in its "talking phase" by foreign militants to detonate explosives in tunnels connecting New Jersey with Manhattan and drown the New York Financial District with a torrent of water.
 This was unfeasible because the tunnel is embedded in bedrock, and the target is above sea level.
 Some U.S. counterterrorism officials cast doubt on the significance of the alleged plot and some authorities questioned first reports that appeared in the New York Daily News, that terrorists sought to flood Lower Manhattan and the Financial District by bombing tunnels.
 They said there was no evidence that the plotters had taken any actions, such as buying explosives or sending money.
 Two U.S. counterterrorism officials, speaking to the Washington Post, discounted the ability of the conspirators to carry out an attack.
 The report, however, made international news.
 The government initially protested about how the story was leaked to the New York "Daily News".
Edward Vincent Sullivan (September 28, 1901 – October 13, 1974) was an American television personality, sports and entertainment reporter, and longtime syndicated columnist for the "New York Daily News" and the Chicago Tribune New York News Syndicate.
 He is principally remembered as the creator and host of the television variety program "The Toast of the Town", later popularly—and, eventually, officially—renamed "The Ed Sullivan Show".
 Broadcast for 23 years from 1948 to 1971, it set a record as the longest-running variety show in US broadcast history.
 "It was, by almost any measure, the last great TV show," proclaimed television critic David Hinckley.
 "It's one of our fondest, dearest pop culture memories."
The Ed Sullivan Show is an American old-time radio program.
 More precisely, it is a name that can be applied to any of four programs that were broadcast in 1932, 1941, 1943-1944, and 1946.
 The first three were on CBS, and the last was on the Blue Network.
 As the title implies, the host of the program was Ed Sullivan, who was then known for his work as a columnist for the "New York Daily News".
The New York Daily Mirror was an American morning tabloid newspaper first published on June 24, 1924, in New York City by the William Randolph Hearst organization as a contrast to their mainstream broadsheets, the "Evening Journal" and "New York American", later consolidated into the "New York Journal American".
 It was created to compete with the "New York Daily News" which was then a sensationalist tabloid and the most widely circulated newspaper in the United States.
 Hearst preferred the broadsheet format and sold the "Mirror" to an associate in 1928, only to buy it back in 1932.
Emily Cheney Neville (December 28, 1919 – December 14, 1997) was an American author.
 She was born in Manchester, Connecticut and graduated from Bryn Mawr College in 1940.
 After receiving her A.B. from Bryn Mawr, she worked for the "New York Daily News" and the "New York Daily Mirror" newspapers.
 She had five children with her husband, Glenn Neville, a newspaperman, and lived in New York City.
 Her first book, "It's Like This, Cat" (1963), won the Newbery Medal in 1964.
 Her other works include: "Berries Goodman" (1965); "The Seventeen-Street Gang" (1966); "Traveler From a Small Kingdom" (1968); and "Fogarty" (1969).
The New York Daily News was a daily New York City newspaper from 1855 to 1906, unrelated to the present-day "Daily News" founded in 1919.
 Founded in the 1850s, it flourished under the stewardship of Benjamin Wood, becoming one of the highest circulation papers in the United States.
 It was notable for its racist and pro-Confederate views.
 The paper faltered after Wood's death in 1900, and folded in December 1906.
The New York Daily News, officially titled Daily News, is an American newspaper based in New York City.
 s of May 2016 , it was the ninth-most widely circulated daily newspaper in the United States.
 It was founded in 1919, and was the first U.S. daily printed in tabloid format.
 It is owned by tronc.
The New York Golden Gloves boxing tournament was considered by many boxing aficionados as one of the most elite Golden Gloves titles, along with the Chicago Golden Gloves.
 Named for the small golden gloves given out to the winners of each weight category, the New York Golden Gloves continued for decades under the sponsorship of the New York "Daily News".
 Originally the tournament was known as "The New York Daily News Welfare Association's Golden Gloves Tournament of Champions" or simply "The New York."
