The Katinas are a contemporary Christian music group.
 They are a family of five brothers.
 The group's members sang in Assembly of God church as children, and began playing fairs, soon moving up to nationwide slots opening for R. Kelly, Jasmine Guy, DC Talk, and Amy Grant.
 The group was signed to Gotee Records and have released several albums on the imprint, including a 2006 retrospective entitled "Collection".
 Shortly after their 2006 "Collection" Release, their contract with Gotee expired.
 It was not renewed, and they are no longer signed to a label.
 Their album "Still" was independently released in August 2008.
 They recently performed at UCLA in 2009 from June 30 – July 2 for the Fellowship of Christian Athletes, and played in the Harvest Crusade of 2008, 2009, and 2013.
Michael DeWayne Tait (born May 18, 1966) is a contemporary Christian music artist.
 Michael Tait met Toby McKeehan in 1984 when he was in high school.
 Both Toby and Michael met Kevin Max while attending Liberty University in the late 1980s, and together they formed four-time Grammy winning band DC Talk, with whom Michael Tait has released five acclaimed studio albums.
 Tait is the current lead singer of Newsboys, and one third of Christian rock group DC Talk (though the group has been on hiatus since 2000).
 Tait also has had success in his solo career, founding a band called Tait in 1997.
 He toured as a solo act until 2007.
 He became lead singer of the Christian pop rock band Newsboys in 2009, and though Peter Furler was the lead vocalist on the album "In the Hands of God", Tait provided supporting vocals on the project.
 Aside from singing, Tait is also a self-taught guitar player.
 Tait also has a sister Lynda Randle, who is a Southern Gospel singer.
"Jesus Freak" is a song by the American contemporary Christian music group DC Talk.
 Released on August 1, 1995, it was the lead radio single from (and lends its name to) the group's fourth album.
 The song was written and produced by Toby McKeehan and Mark Heimermann.
 Lyrically, the song is about standing up for the belief in Jesus Christ in the midst of persecution.
 Musically, the song has been described as alternative rock and grunge, with many reviewers and critics noting a similarity to the sound of Nirvana.
 "Jesus Freak" earned DC Talk three GMA Dove Awards.
Bad Books is an American indie rock band formed in early 2010, and is composed of indie folk artist Kevin Devine and members of indie rock band Manchester Orchestra along with drummer Benjamin Homola.
 The collaboration began when Kevin toured along with Manchester Orchestra in November–December 2008 in support of his EP "I Could Be with Anyone", and followed by the release of the split EP entitled "I Could Be the Only One" in January 2010.
II is the second album from the folk/indie rock collaboration project by folk artist Kevin Devine and members of indie rock band Manchester Orchestra.
 It was released on October 9, 2012, exactly two years after the band's self-titled debut album, on Triple Crown Records.
 Like the first album, the songs written were collaborations between Kevin Devine and Manchester Orchestra's frontman Andy Hull.
DC Talk (stylized as dc Talk) is a Christian rap and rock trio.
 The group was formed at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia in 1987 by Toby McKeehan, Michael Tait, and Kevin Max Smith.
 They released five major studio albums together: "DC Talk" (1989), "Nu Thang" (1990), "Free at Last" (1992), "Jesus Freak" (1995), and "Supernatural" (1998).
 In 2002, the "Encyclopedia of Contemporary Christian Music" called DC Talk "the most popular overtly Christian act of all time."
"What If I Stumble?"
 is a song by the American contemporary Christian music group DC Talk.
 Released in 1995, it was the third radio single from the group's fourth album, "Jesus Freak".
Kevin Max (born August 17, 1967) is an American singer, songwriter, and poet.
 He is best known for being a member of the Christian pop group DC Talk.
 As a solo artist following the 2001 dissolution of DC Talk, he has recorded eight full-length studio albums, one Christmas album, and seven EPs, with one releasing in July.
 From 2012 until 2014, he was the lead singer of the band Audio Adrenaline.
Bad Books is the debut self-titled album from the folk/indie rock collaboration project by folk artist Kevin Devine and members of indie rock band Manchester Orchestra.
 It was released digitally on October 19, 2010, and with a physical CD copy following on November 9, 2010 through Manchester Orchestra's own label Favorite Gentlemen Recordings.
 Six songs on the album were written by Kevin Devine, with the other five written by Andy Hull.
Free at Last is the third studio album from DC Talk, which was released in 1992.
 Music videos were filmed for "Jesus Is Just Alright", "The Hardway" and "Luv Is A Verb".
 In 1994, DC Talk released a long-form video of the "Free at Last World Tour" entitled "Narrow is the Road", in which all three music videos can be seen.
