United Express Flight 2415 was a regularly scheduled flight from Seattle to Pasco, Washington, operated using a BAe Jetstream 31.
 On December 26, 1989, Flight 2415 crashed while attempting to land at Pasco's Tri-Cities Airport, killing both pilots and all four passengers aboard.
On April 9, 2017, O'Hare International Airport police violently and forcibly ejected passenger David Dao from United Express Flight 3411 after he refused to depart the airplane upon the demand of management.
 Dao screamed as officers pulled him out of his seat, and his face hit an armrest during the struggle.
 Officers then dragged him, apparently unconscious, by his arms on his back along the aircraft aisle past rows of onlooking passengers.
 He was later seen with blood around his mouth.
 Prior to the confrontation, managers offered travel vouchers to passengers to vacate their seats to make room for four airline employees who needed to travel to the destination, Louisville International Airport, but none of the fliers accepted.
 Four passengers were then selected for involuntary removal from the flight.
 Three other passengers complied, and Dao was selected to be fourth.
 Republic Airline operated the scheduled passenger flight on behalf of United Express, a United Airlines regional branch.
North Pacific Airlines was a small regional airline formed in 1987, flying for United Airlines under the United Express brand name from the Seattle–Tacoma International Airport to three Eastern Washington destinations and Portland, Oregon.
 By 1991 the airline which was owned by WestAir Holdings had been merged with WestAir Commuter Airlines still under the United Express banner.
 WestAir Commuter Airlines was another member of the WestAir Holdings corporation.
Bishop International Airport (IATA: FNT, ICAO: KFNT, FAA LID: FNT) is a commercial and general aviation airport located in Flint, Michigan.
 It is named after banker and General Motors board member Arthur Giles Bishop (April 12, 1851 – January 22, 1944), who donated 220 acres of his farmland for the airport in 1928.
 The third busiest airport in Michigan, it surpassed competitor MBS International Airport in terms of airline operations in 2002.
 In 2007, 1,071,238 passengers used Bishop International Airport; in 2011, 938,914 passengers used the airport.
 It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a small hub primary commercial service facility.
 The airport is currently served by several passenger airlines: Allegiant Air, Southwest Airlines and Delta Air Lines operate mainline service out of the airport, as well as affiliates of Delta Connection, United Express and American Eagle.
 Additionally, FedEx Express and a FedEx Feeder affiliate operate cargo services out of the airport.
 Accompanying the airlines is fixed-base operator Av Flight that handles both general aviation and airline operations and the flight school American Wings Aviation.
 Bishop International Airport is in southwestern Flint, and is surrounded by Flint Township to the north, east and west; and Mundy Township to the south.
United Express Flight 5925, operated by Great Lakes Airlines with a Beechcraft 1900 twin turboprop, was a regularly scheduled flight from Chicago O'Hare International Airport to Quincy, Illinois, with an intermediate stop in Burlington, Iowa.
Air Wisconsin Airlines is a regional airline based at Appleton International Airport in the town of Greenville, Wisconsin, United States, near Appleton.
 Air Wisconsin is the largest privately held regional airline in the United States.
 It currently operates regional jet flights as American Eagle under contract to American Airlines via a code sharing agreement, serving cities in the U.S. and Canada with hubs at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS), Charlotte Douglas International Airport (CLT), Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA) .
 Air Wisconsin previously operated United Express service on behalf of United Airlines followed by US Airways Express service on behalf of US Airways prior to becoming an American Eagle regional air carrier.
 The company has announced it will once again partner with United Airlines as a United Express code sharing air carrier with primary hubs to be located at Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) and Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) beginning in September 2017 and will be "exclusively operating" as United Express by March 2018.
United Express Flight 6291 was a regularly scheduled United Express flight from Washington D.C. to Columbus, Ohio.
 It was a service operated by Atlantic Coast Airlines on behalf of United Express.
SkyWest Airlines is a North American airline owned by SkyWest, Inc. and headquartered in St. George, Utah, U.S..
 According to the Airlines for America definitions, SkyWest is a North American major airline.
 SkyWest however, operates on a regional airline level and is a member of the Regional Airline Association.
 SkyWest Airlines flies to 238 cities, in 45 states; Washington, D.C., six Canadian provinces and five cities in Mexico.
 The airline serves as a feeder airline, operating under contract with various major carriers.
 It flies as SkyWest Airlines in a partnership with Alaska Airlines, as United Express on behalf of United Airlines, as American Eagle on behalf of American Airlines, and as Delta Connection on behalf of Delta Air Lines.
 SkyWest also provides ground handling services for airports across the United States.
Del Rio International Airport (IATA: DRT, ICAO: KDRT, FAA LID: DRT) is two miles northwest of Del Rio, in Val Verde County, Texas.
 It is used for general aviation, and being near Laughlin Air Force Base it is often used by USAF students.
 On June 7, 2012 United Express operated by ExpressJet introduced jets nonstop to Houston, previously flown with turboprops.
 United Express ended service to Del Rio in April 2013.
But currently has non-stop service to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with Texas Sky Airlines.
Provincetown-Boston Airlines (IATA: PT, ICAO: PBA, Call sign: PBA) was an airline that operated between 1949 and 1989.
 The airline operated a route network in New England, New York, Pennsylvania, and Florida, and at one time was the largest commuter airline in the United States before its purchase by People Express Airlines and then eventual consolidation with other commuter airlines into Continental Express, now United Express after its merger.
