"After It Happened" is a 1988 episode of the NBC television series "Midnight Caller".
 The controversial episode tells the story of a bisexual man who is deliberately infecting people, including series lead character Jack Killian's ex-girlfriend.
 Activists for HIV/AIDS awareness and LGBT rights disrupted filming, citing concerns over the negative portrayal of bisexual and HIV-positive people and fears that the show would make people with AIDS the targets of violence.
 Series executives made some changes to the script in response to these concerns, but activists were still displeased.
Killing Floor is the debut novel by Lee Child, first published in 1997 by Putnam.
 The book won the Anthony Award and Barry Award for best first novel.
 It also is the first book to feature the character Jack Reacher.
 It is written in the first person.
David Palmer, J.D. was a fictional U.S. Senator and later in the series President of the United States portrayed by Dennis Haysbert as part of the television series "24".
 Palmer served as the show's second-most prominent protagonist, after Jack Bauer, being forced to make hard decisions as President while also facing opposing elements within his own administration.
 Throughout the series, Palmer's ex-wife Sherry and brother Wayne are both key figures in his administration.
 He has two children: a son, Keith, and a daughter, Nicole.
 Palmer was a member of the Democratic Party.
 He is in the fourth highest number of episodes of any character in the series behind Tony Almeida (115), Chloe O'Brian (125) and main character Jack Bauer (192), portrayed by Carlos Bernard, Mary Lynn Rajskub and Kiefer Sutherland, respectively.
Robert Jacob Sugden is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera "Emmerdale".
 The character originally appeared on the show regularly between 22 April 1986 and 3 October 2005.
 During that time he was first played as a baby by Richard Smith from 1986 and 1989 before the role was taken over by Christopher Smith from 1989 and 2001.
 In 2001, Karl Davies took over the role in order for the character to become involved in more adult storylines, as he grew older.
 Karl Davies briefly reprised his role as Robert for one episode airing on 10 February 2009, when he returned for the funeral of his father and longest running character Jack Sugden (Clive Hornby).
 The character returned on 23 October 2014 with actor Ryan Hawley taking over the role.
The Scarecrow is a 2009 novel written by award-winning American author Michael Connelly.
 It was Connelly's 21st book (20th novel) and the second featuring as the main character Jack McEvoy, a reporter now living in Los Angeles, and FBI agent Rachel Walling.
 As a result, the novel is a sequel to the events in Connelly's 1996 book "The Poet", although another Connelly novel, "The Narrows", was published in 2004 as the "official" sequel to "The Poet".
 The book was published in the UK and Ireland on May 12, 2009, and in the US and Canada on May 26, 2009.
Daniel Jackson, Ph.D., is a fictional character in the military science fiction franchise "Stargate", and one of the main characters of the series "Stargate SG-1."
 He is portrayed by James Spader in the 1994 film "Stargate", and by Michael Shanks in "Stargate SG-1" and other "SG-1" derived media.
 Jackson is the only "Stargate" character to appear in all of the films and series in the franchise (not including the non-canonical "Stargate Infinity"); the main character Jack O'Neill did not appear in the 2008 film "".
Jacob Bertrand (born March 6, 2000) is an American child actor.
 Bertrand is known for playing the titular character in the Disney XD series "Kirby Buckets" and for playing the character Jack Malloy in the Disney Channel Original Movie "The Swap" which premiered in 2016.
Jack Adrift: Fourth Grade Without a Clue is a 2003 children's novel by Jack Gantos, chronicling his 4th grade year in Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, only calling the main character Jack Henry instead of Jack Gantos.
 It is the first of the Jack Henry Adventures series.
Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is a 2014 American action spy thriller film directed by Kenneth Branagh.
 Chris Pine, Kevin Costner, Kenneth Branagh, and Keira Knightley star in leading roles.
 The film features the fictional character Jack Ryan created by author Tom Clancy.
 It is the fifth film in the "Jack Ryan" series but is presented as a reboot that departs from the previous installments.
 Unlike its predecessors, it is not an adaptation of a particular Clancy novel, but rather an original story.
 Pine stars in the title role, becoming the fourth actor to play Ryan, following Alec Baldwin, Harrison Ford, and Ben Affleck.
Bruce John Alexander (born 18 June 1946 in Watford, Hertfordshire) is an English actor, best known for his portrayal of Superintendent Norman Mullet in the ITV television series "A Touch of Frost", where he plays the superior of the main character Jack Frost, played by David Jason.
