Sanati Kaveh Tehran F.C. (Persian: کاوه تهران‎ ‎ ) was an Iranian football, club was based in Tehran, Iran.
 They mostly competed in the Iranian first division, and hold home games at Aliaf Stadium.
Deportes Iberia is a Chilean football club based in Los Ángeles that currently plays in Primera B (second-tier).
 The club hold its home games at Estadio Municipal de Los Ángeles which has a capacity of 5,000 spectators, and also has a rivalry with Malleco Unido from Angol as well as with Deportes Temuco.
Sport Lisboa e Benfica "Juniors" (Portuguese: "Juniores" ), commonly known as Benfica Juniores, is the under-19 football team belonging to the youth department of Portuguese club S.L. Benfica.
 They hold home matches at Caixa Futebol Campus.
Amsterdamse Sport Vereniging De Dijk are a Dutch amateur association football club from the Amsterdam borough of Amsterdam-Noord, in the neighborhood of Schellingwoude.
 The club was founded on 1 June 1999 out of a fusion of two clubs, Rood Wit-A and ASV Schellingwoude.
 The club hold a Sunday team, competing in the Derde Divisie (formerly Topklasse).
Shahrdari Bushehr Football Club (Persian: باشگاه فوتبال شهرداری بوشهر‎ ‎ ) is an Iranian football club based in Bushehr, Iran.
 They compete in the 3rd Division, and hold home games at the Shahid Beheshti Stadium.
Atlético Granadilla is a Spanish football club founded in 1959 in Granadilla de Abona (a municipality in the Canary Islands).
 The club plays in Group 12 of the Tercera División (Third Division).
 They hold home games at Francisco Suárez Stadium, which has a seating capacity of 2,000.
Shahin Shahrdari Bushehr Football Club (Persian: باشگاه فوتبال شاهین شهرداری بوشهر‎ ‎ ) is an Iranian football club based in Bushehr, Iran.
"Shahin" means "hawk" or "falcon" in Persian language.
 They bought the team license of Tarbiat Ilam to compete in the 2nd Division and hold home games at Shahid Beheshti Stadium.
Villemomble Sports is a French football club based in Villemomble (Seine-Saint-Denis).
 Founded in 1922, it currently plays in the Championnat de France Amateurs (French fourth-tier league), holding hold home games at the "Stade Georges Pompidou", which has a capacity of 1,000.
Reading Football Club hold the record for the number of successive league wins at the start of a season, with a total of 13 wins at the start of the 1985–86 Third Division campaign and also the record for the number of points gained in a professional league season with 106 points in the 2005–06 Football League Championship campaign.
 Reading finished champions of their division on both of these occasions.
Sociedad Deportiva Becerreá is a Spanish football club based in Becerreá, Lugo, in the autonomous community of Galicia.
 It currently plays in Segunda Autonómica - Group 8, the seventh level of Spanish football, holding home games at "Campo Municipal".
