The Battle of Dresden (26–27 August 1813) was a major engagement of the Napoleonic Wars.
 The battle took place around the city of Dresden in modern-day Germany.
 With the recent addition of Austria, the Sixth Coalition felt emboldened in their quest to kick the French out of Central Europe.
 Despite being heavily outnumbered, French forces under Napoleon scored a modest victory against the Allied army led by Field Marshal Schwarzenberg.
 However, Napoleon's victory did not lead to the collapse of the coalition, and the lack of effective French cavalry units precluded a major pursuit.
 A few days after the battle, the Allies surrounded and captured a French corps at the Battle of Kulm.
Andrei Ivanovich Gorchakov (1768 – 1855) led a Russian infantry corps in the German Campaign of 1813 and the French Campaign of 1814 during the Napoleonic Wars.
 He participated in the 1799 Italian and Swiss expedition on the staff of his uncle Alexander Suvorov and was at Cassano, the Trebbia and Novi.
 In 1812 he fought at Smolensk and Borodino.
 At Bautzen in May 1813 he led the second line of the Right Wing.
 He commanded the 1st Infantry Corps, at Dresden and Leipzig in 1813 and at Bar-sur-Aube, Laubressel and Paris in 1814.
The III Cavalry Corps (Grande Armée) was a French military formation that fought during the Napoleonic Wars.
 The corps was created in 1812 and reconstituted in 1813 and 1815.
 Emperor Napoleon first mobilized the corps for the French invasion of Russia.
 Commanded by General of Division Emmanuel Grouchy, two divisions of the corps fought at Borodino, Tarutino, and Vyazma.
 A third division fought at First and Second Polotsk and the Berezina.
 During the War of the Sixth Coalition in 1813, General of Division Jean-Toussaint Arrighi de Casanova led the corps at Grossbeeren, Dennewitz, Leipzig, and Hanau.
 During the Hundred Days in 1815, Napoleon reorganized the corps and appointed General of Division François Étienne de Kellermann to lead it.
 One brigade of the corps was engaged at Quatre Bras and both divisions fought at Waterloo.
HMS "Cherub" was an 18-gun Royal Navy "Cormorant"-class sloop built in Dover in 1806.
 She participated in two major campaigns in the West Indies during the Napoleonic Wars, and one major engagement in the Pacific during the War of 1812, all each of which earned her crews clasps to the Naval General Service Medal.
 The Navy sold her in 1820.
Sir George Ralph Collier, 1st Baronet KCB (1774 – 24 March 1824) was an officer of the Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, and the War of 1812.
 He had an eventful early life, being shipwrecked early in his career and later captured by the French.
 Nevertheless, he saw enough service to attract the attention of powerful patrons that secured his rise through the ranks.
 An officer of considerable ability, he won a noteworthy victory against a stronger French opponent, before embarking on a period of distinguished service off the Spanish and Portuguese coasts, working closely with the British generals fighting the Peninsular War, and markedly contributing to their success.
 His good service led to a prime posting in command of a squadron despatched to hunt down and neutralise the American super frigates during the War of 1812.
 He came close to capturing the  , but lost her in circumstances that were unclear and would later return to haunt him.
 The years of peace that followed the end of the Napoleonic Wars saw him rewarded with a baronetcy, and his continued to serve in the navy where he was tasked with the suppression of the slave trade.
 The publishing of William James's account of the War of 1812, which lambasted him for incompetence and cowardice in his failure to catch the "Constitution", broke his personal peace.
 Having failed to clear his name, and increasingly depressed by the accusations, Collier took his own life.
The IV Cavalry Corps (Grande Armée) was a French military formation that existed during the Napoleonic Wars.
 The corps was created in 1812 and rebuilt in 1813 and 1815.
 Emperor Napoleon first organized the corps for the French invasion of Russia.
 Under General of Division Victor de Fay de La Tour-Maubourg, the corps fought at Borodino.
 During the War of the Sixth Coalition in 1813, General of Division François Étienne de Kellermann commanded the all-Polish corps at Leipzig.
 During the Hundred Days in 1815, Napoleon reconstituted the corps and nominated General of Division Édouard Jean Baptiste Milhaud to direct it.
 Composed entirely of cuirassier regiments, the two divisions fought at Ligny and Waterloo.
Paul von Radivojevich (1759 – 15 July 1829) became an army corps commander in the army of the Austrian Empire during the late Napoleonic Wars.
 He joined the army of the Habsburg Monarchy in 1782 and fought in one of the early battles of the French Revolutionary Wars.
 He led a Grenz Infantry Regiment before being promoted to general officer in 1807.
 He led a brigade at Eckmühl in 1809, a division in the summer of 1813, and a corps at Caldiero in 1813 and at the Mincio in 1814.
 During the 1815 Italian campaign, he led a corps in Switzerland, Piedmont, and France.
 After the wars, he commanded part of the Military Frontier.
 He was Proprietor (Inhaber) of an infantry regiment from 1815 until his death in 1829.
Admiral of the Fleet Sir Lucius Curtis, 2nd Baronet, KCB, DL (3 June 1786 – 14 January 1869) was a senior officer of the Royal Navy during the nineteenth century.
 The son of Sir Roger Curtis, 1st Baronet, Lord Howe's flag captain at the Glorious First of June, Lucius served during the Napoleonic Wars and was heavily involved in the Mauritius campaign of 1810.
 During this campaign, Curtis commanded the frigate HMS "Magicienne" with the blockade squadron under Josias Rowley and was still in command when the ship was destroyed at the Battle of Grand Port.
 "Magicienne" grounded on a coral reef early in the engagement and despite the best efforts of Curtis and his crew, the ship had to be abandoned, Curtis setting her on fire to prevent her subsequent capture.
The VI Corps of the "Grande Armée" was the name of a French military unit that existed during the Napoleonic Wars.
 It was formed at the Camp de Boulogne and assigned to Marshal Michel Ney.
 From 1805 through 1811, the army corps fought under Ney's command in the War of the Third Coalition, the War of the Fourth Coalition, and the Peninsular War.
 Jean Gabriel Marchand was in charge of the corps for a period when Ney went on leave.
 In early 1811, Ney was dismissed by Marshal André Masséna for disobedience and the corps was briefly led by Louis Henri Loison until the corps was dissolved in May 1811.
 The VI Corps was revived in 1812 for the French invasion of Russia and placed under Laurent Gouvion Saint-Cyr.
 It entirely consisted of Bavarian soldiers at that time.
 After the disastrous winter retreat the corps was virtually destroyed.
 In 1813 during the War of the Sixth Coalition it was recreated with reorganized French troops.
 Marshal Auguste Marmont took command of the corps and managed it until Emperor Napoleon's abdication in 1814.
 It took part in many battles including Dresden and Leipzig in 1813.
 During the Hundred Days, Georges Mouton, Count de Lobau commanded the VI Corps at the Battle of Waterloo.
HMS "Cleopatra" was a 32-gun "Amazon"-class fifth rate frigate of the Royal Navy.
 She had a long career, seeing service during the Fourth Anglo-Dutch War, and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.
 During the latter wars she fought two notable engagements with larger French opponents.
 In the first engagement she was forced to surrender, but succeeded in damaging the French ship so badly that she was captured several days later, while the "Cleopatra" was retaken.
 In the second she forced the surrender of a 40-gun frigate.
 After serving under several notable commanders she was broken up towards the end of the Napoleonic Wars.
