The California Reentry Program (CRP) is a non-profit organization with the mission of helping California prisoners successfully reenter society.
 It has operated in San Quentin State Prison since 2003 when Allyson West, an algebra teacher at San Quentin at the time, helped one inmate with the reentry process and realized the importance of reentry work and the lack of ability or interest of the state to reduce recidivism.
 Working with San Quentin and recruiting volunteers, West founded the California Reentry Program which has helped several thousand prisoners so far.
 CRP's mission is to help all California prisoners, but due to lack of resources, it only operates in San Quentin.
 CRP incorporated in 2007 and received non-profit status in 2008.
 CRP has roughly 25 volunteers and helps about 150-200 clients per month.
Wo/Men's Alliance for Medical Marijuana (WAMM) is a non-profit medicinal cannabis dispensing collective located in Santa Cruz, California.
 WAMM was founded in 1993 by Valerie Leveroni Corral and her then husband Michael Corral.
 Members receive medicinal cannabis in exchange for volunteer work.
 There is no charge for members who are too ill to work.
 WAMM is the first medical marijuana collective to receive non-profit status from the United States Government.
Endowment tax is a proposed US taxation of endowments.
 The proposers believe that certain institutions are taking advantage of the endowment systems tax free status when their non-profit status is questionable.
 The city of Cambridge, Massachusetts, has proposed taxing MIT and other major universities on these previously exempt, non-profit earnings.
The American Bladesmith Society, or ABS, is a non-profit organization composed of knifemakers whose primary function is to promote the techniques of forging steel blades.
 The ABS was founded by knifemaker William F. Moran, who came up with the concept in 1972 when he was Chairman of the Knifemakers' Guild; the following year, he introduced Damascus steel blades at an annual show.
 In 1976, he incorporated the organization, and it received non-profit status in 1985.
The Brown Association for Cooperative Housing ("BACH") is a 501(c)3 non-profit student housing cooperative located in Providence, Rhode Island.
 BACH was the first non-profit co-operative in the country given non-profit status on the basis of fighting gentrification.
The Center for Organizational Research and Education (CORE), formerly the Center for Consumer Freedom (CCF) and prior to that the Guest Choice Network, is an American non-profit entity founded by Richard Berman that lobbies on behalf of the fast food, meat, alcohol and tobacco industries.
 It describes itself as "dedicated to protecting consumer choices and promoting common sense."
 Experts on non-profit law have questioned the validity of the group's non-profit status in "The Chronicle of Philanthropy" and other publications, while commentators from Rachel Maddow to Michael Pollan have treated the group as an entity that specializes in astroturfing.
In psychometrics, criterion or concrete validity is the extent to which a measure is related to an outcome.
 Criterion validity is often divided into concurrent and predictive validity.
 Concurrent validity refers to a comparison between the measure in question and an outcome assessed at the same time.
 In "Standards for Educational & Psychological Tests", it states, "concurrent validity reflects only the status quo at a particular time."
 Predictive validity, on the other hand, compares the measure in question with an outcome assessed at a later time.
 Although concurrent and predictive validity are similar, it is cautioned to keep the terms and findings separated.
 "Concurrent validity should not be used as a substitute for predictive validity without an appropriate supporting rationale."
The Christic Institute was a public interest law firm founded in 1980 by Daniel Sheehan, his wife Sara Nelson, and their partner, William J. Davis, a Jesuit priest, after the successful conclusion of their work on the "Silkwood" case.
 Based on the ecumenical teachings of Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, and on the lessons they learned from their experience in the Silkwood fight, the Christic Institute combined investigation, litigation, education and organizing into a unique model for social reform in the United States.
 In 1992 the firm lost its non-profit status after having a federal case dismissed by the court in 1988 and being penalized for filing a "frivolous lawsuit".
 The IRS said that the Christic Institute had acted for political reasons.
 The case was related to journalists injured in relation to the Iran-Contra Affair.
 The group was succeeded by a new firm, the Romero Institute.
New International School (NewIS) was founded in Tokyo, Japan, in 2001 as a dual language, multiage by design (3 year age range of students in each class) international school, initially for students from age 3 to grade 9, following the mission of Steven Parr, the Founding Director/Head of School, and under the sponsorship of Iwata Gakuen.
 It extended to Grade 10 from August, 2012, Grade 11 from August, 2013, and Grade 12 from August, 2014.
 As of December 15, 2016, 187 students are enrolled, including 77 in the Secondary School (Grades 7-12).
 The school was accredited through grade 9 by the Middle States Association of College and Schools (MSA) in 2005, granted non-profit status as a school foundation in 2006, and accredited through grade 12 by both MSA and the Council of International Schools (CIS) in May of 2014.
 The students learn all core subjects in both English and Japanese with two teachers of equal status per class, one for Japanese and one for English, who, using an integrated, thematic approach, teach, plan and write their reports together.
 It represents a highly interactive Vygotskian style of multiage education that furthers the development of social skills and social and emotional intelligence as well as cognitive intelligence.
 In addition, all of the students learn to play the violin by ear in the primary school, and Mandarin Chinese is offered as an elective from grades one to twelve.
 The school has graduated 92 students from grade 9, and 5 graduates from grade 12 as of June, 2016.
 The number of grade 12 graduates is expected to increase to 10+ per year from 2018-19.
 NewIS is a member of the Japan Council of International Schools (JCIS) and a founding member of the Tokyo Association of International Preschools (TAIP)
Ujamaa Place is a non-profit organization launched in 2009 to fill a gap in social welfare programming and services for African-American men between the ages of 17 and 28 in St. Paul, Minnesota.
 Ujamaa Place took over some of the services a previous program, Awali Place offered, when Awali lost its funding due to 2009 budget cuts.
 Ujamaa Place received its non-profit status in 2010.
