Tiffany & Company (known colloquially as Tiffany or Tiffany's) is an American luxury jewelry and specialty retailer, headquartered in New York City.
MOSCOT is a five generation, American luxury eyewear brand, headquartered in New York City, specializing in optical frames and sunglasses.
 It was founded in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan in 1915 by Hyman Moscot, which makes it one of the oldest local businesses in New York City, as well as the 13th oldest eyewear company in the world still operating today.
Alor is an American luxury jewelry, watch and lifestyle brand founded by Jack and Sandy Zemer in 1979.
 Alor specializes in designing, creating, and manufacturing 18kt gold, diamonds and cable pieces.
 It is headquartered in San Diego, California.
Ruth Vollmer (1903 - 1982 New York City), was a German artist born in Munich.
 She was born in 1903 and named Ruth Landshoff.
 Her father, Ludwig Landshoff, was a musicologist and conductor and her mother, Phillipine Landshoff, was an opera singer.
 Their family was Jewish.
 At age 19 she began to work as an artist and took the advice of her father to draw every day.
 She also had many connections to the teachers and students at the Bauhaus.
 In 1930 she married a pediatrician named Hermann Vollmer, whom she met in Berlin.
 Ruth and Hermann move from Germany to New York in 1935.
 Ruth begins work designing window displays for Bonwit Teller, Tiffany's, Lord & Taylor, and other department stores.
 Her displays experimented with wire, steel, and copper mesh to create figural forms.
 In 1943, Vollmer becomes a U.S. citizen.
 In 1944 she receives a commission from the Museum of Modern Art for its fifteenth anniversary exhibition, "Art in Progress."
 Vollumer continues to work with wire mesh and shows her work "Composition in Space" at the Museum of Modern Art's 1948 exhibition "Elements of Stage Design."
 In 1950, she was commissioned to create a mural for the lobby of 575 Madison, where Vollmer created a large wall relief that used wire rods and wire mesh to play with light, texture, and transparency.
 Vollumer visits Giacometti for a second time during the summer of 1951.
 During the 1950s she begins to works with clay as well.
 Additionally, in 1954 she begins to teach at the Children's Art Center at the Fieldston School in Riverdale and continued to teach until the mid-sixties.
 In 1960, Vollmer participates in the NYU discussion series "Artists on Art" with her friend Robert Motherwell.
 1960 is an important year because she also has her first one-person exhibition at Betty Parson's Section Eleven gallery space.
 Throughout the 1960s Vollmer works with bronze and as well as showing at Betty Parson's gallery several times.
 In 1963, she joins the group American Abstract Artists (AAA) and includes her work in their exhibitions from 1963 on.
 By 1970 Vollmer's art is working with complex geometrical forms and mathematical concepts, particularly spirals and platonic solids.
 Sol LeWitt wrote a short essay on Vollmer's work for "Studio International" titled "Ruth Vollmer: Mathematical Forms."
 Vollmer protests the cancellation of the Hans Haacke at The Solomon R. Guggenheim exhibition by writing a letter to the director, Thomas Messer, in 1971.
 In 1976, she had a large one-person exhibition at the Neuberger Museum of Art.
 In 1982, Ruth Vollmer dies after a long battle with Alzheimer's.
 A majority of her large personal art collection of over one hundred sculptures, paintings, and drawings is donated to MoMA.
 Her art collection included works by Carl Andre, Mel Bochner, Eva Hesse, Sol LeWitt, Ad Reinhardt, Frank Stella, Agnes Martin, and Chryssa.
Tommy Demenkoff (born January 31, 1952) is an American stage, television and film actor, director and musician who has worked in New York, Los Angeles, South America, and Europe.
 He is an award-winning teacher, Outreach Director, and Arts Education Activist.
 His work designing and delivering arts programs and classes is well-known in correctional facilities, including Rikers Island in New York and Twin Towers Correctional Facility in Los Angeles, therapeutic communities including Phoenix House and large city school systems like the New York City Department of Education where he successfully created an integrated approach to teaching literacy through playwriting in all five boroughs of the city.
 With over 50 years of experience as an artist in a variety of disciplines, he continues to focus on building communities of artists dedicated to serving humanity.
 Recent projects which best reflect the vast scope of his work include Teatro de Vieques on the island of Vieques, Puerto Rico, where he partnered with a local non-profit organization, Reach for Success, with a goal of helping teenagers on the island discover their voices and their hearts through their own talent and abundant passion by providing the necessary support for the realization of a summer arts immersion experience.
 Also partnering with Five Keys Charter School inside three of the jails they serve through their relationship with the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department and Education Based Incarceration (E.B.I.).
 His presence on the Commissioner's Adolescent Advisory Board, as the voice of the arts programming issues related to serving youthful offenders in the custody of The New York City Department of Correction reflects the impact of his career moving from Actor to Activist to Arts Education Activist.
 Leading a national conversation through the efforts of Theatre Communications Group (TCG), in a webinar entitled "Models of Activist Theatre", his work and his vision cast a bold spotlight on a movement that sees organizations and artists who share this vision joining arms and marching forward together.
 Demenkoff's personal life mission as an Arts Education Activist is to build communities of artists for the purpose of providing individuals and groups who have little or no access to the arts with an artistic home.
 He calls this effort a humanitarian response.
Verdura is an American fine jeweler and specialty retailer, headquartered in New York.
 Founded in 1939 by Duke Fulco di Verdura, its present-day collection is based on designs created by Fulco during his lifetime, as well as vintage estate pieces.
Henri Bendel, established in 1895, is an American upscale women's specialty store based in New York City that sells the Henri Bendel brand of handbags, jewelry, luxury fashion accessories, home fragrances and gifts.
 Its flagship New York store is located at 712 Fifth Avenue.
Marcus & Co. was an American luxury jewelry retailer from 1892 to 1962 in New York City.
Vincent Schofield Wickham (1894-1968) was a New York graphic illustrator, painter, sculptor, teacher, and inventor, whose career coincided with the Golden Age of American Illustration.
 Wickham worked as an editorial artist for the "New York Times" from 1924-1956.
 His work included sports illustrations, window displays in Times Square, and promotional posters that were displayed on newspaper trucks.
 In addition to his job at "NYT", he also taught advertising art and layout at Textile Evening High School (now the Bayard Rustin Educational Complex), on 351 West 18th Street.
MZ Wallace is an American company which designs, manufactures and markets handbags and fashion accessories.
 The company was founded in 1999 by Monica Zwirner (born New York City, 1962) and Lucy Wallace Eustice (born New York City, 1965).
 Based in New York, its stores are located in the Manhattan neighborhoods of SoHo and the Upper East Side, and were designed by New York-based German architect, Annabelle Selldorf.
 The MZ Wallace design studio and showroom are also in SoHo.
 In addition to their own boutiques and website, MZ Wallace has built a strong presence throughout the United States through select areas in department stores and specialty retailer locations, such as Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's.
 The brand is known for introducing a sense of "functional luxury" into women's handbag collections, mainly characterized by their signature lightweight Bedford Nylon and Oxford Nylon materials.
 The company’s custom Bedford Nylon took two years to develop before launching in 2007.
 Later came the development of the Oxford collection in 2009, which launched with original styles such as the Sutton and Large and Small Metro Totes.
 Since its debut in 2014, the best-selling Medium Metro Tote has become a registered U.S. trademark as of 2015.
