The Castle of Simancas (also known as Simancas Castle) is a fortified complex in Simancas, central Spain.
 The castle stands in the center of town and houses the current archive of Simancas.
Fort Bard, also known as Bard Fort (Italian: "Forte di Bard" ; French: "Fort de Bard" ), is a fortified complex built in the 19th century by the House of Savoy on a rocky prominence above Bard, a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of northwestern Italy.
The Exilles Fort (Italian: "Forte di Exilles") is a fortified complex in the Susa Valley, Metropolitan City of Turin, Piedmont, northern Italy.
 Together with the nearby Fort of Fenestrelle and the Forte Albertino (at Vinadio, in the province of Cuneo) it was part of the defensive line between the House of Savoy lands (later of the Kingdom of Italy) and France: both these states held it in different phases depending on the outcome of the various wars.
 It is located on a spur commanding one of the narrowest sections of the Susa Valley, along the main road connecting Turin to France.
York Castle in the city of York, England, is a fortified complex comprising, over the last nine centuries, a sequence of castles, prisons, law courts and other buildings on the south side of the River Foss.
 The now-ruinous keep of the medieval Norman castle is commonly referred to as Clifford's Tower.
 Built originally on the orders of William I to dominate the former Viking city of York, the castle suffered a tumultuous early history before developing into a major fortification with extensive water defences.
 After a major explosion in 1684 rendered the remaining military defences uninhabitable, York Castle continued to be used as a jail and prison until 1929.
The Azov Fortress (Russian: Азовская крепость , "Azovskaya krepost" ) is fortified complex of Azov, Rostov oblast, Russia, overlooking the Don River and the Port of Azov to the north.
 It is includes rampart, watchtowers and gates.
 The Azov fortress (formely know as Azak fortress) was founden by Turks on behalf of the Ottoman Empire in 1475.
 It guarded the northern approaches to the Empire and access to the Azov Sea.
 After a series of conflicts, a peace treaty was signed in Constantinople on July 13, 1700 between the Tsardom of Russia and the Ottoman Empire.
 The sultan recognized Russia's possession of the Azov area.
Sis (Armenian: Սիս ) was the capital of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia.
 The massive fortified complex is just to the southwest of the modern Turkish town of Kozan in Adana Province.
The Alcazaba of Almería is a fortified complex in Almería, southern Spain.
 The word "alcazaba", from the Arabic word "al-qasbah", signifies a walled-fortification in a city.
The Moscow Kremlin (Russian: Моско́вский Кремль , "Moskovskiy Kreml"; ] ), usually referred to as the Kremlin, is a fortified complex at the heart of Moscow, overlooking the Moskva River to the south, Saint Basil's Cathedral and Red Square to the east, and the Alexander Garden to the west.
 It is the best known of the kremlins (Russian citadels) and includes five palaces, four cathedrals, and the enclosing Kremlin Wall with Kremlin towers.
 Also within this complex is the Grand Kremlin Palace.
Millmount is a large fortified complex situated on a great mound on the South bank of the River Boyne located in Drogheda, County Louth, Ireland.
 The fort has played a crucial part in Drogheda's history and has been a dominant feature from Norman settlement, to Cromwell's invasion to the more recent Civil War in 1922, in which the famous Martello tower was shelled and all but destroyed.
 Today the complex houses the Millmount Museum which houses a wide variety of artifacts of local and national importance.The complex is Drogheda's most dominant feature, clearly visible from all parts of the town.
 The Martello tower is affectionately known as "The Cup and Saucer" by locals.
 The whole fort is a national monument and has been designated as Drogheda's Cultural Quarter.
Mapagala fortress was an ancient fortified complex of the Anuradhapura Kingdom long before Kasyapa I built his city, Sigiriya.
 It is located to the South of Sigiriya and closer to Sigiriya tank.
