Inteha (Hindi: इन्तेहा, Urdu: انتہا English: Limit ) is a Bollywood film released on 24 October 2003.
 It was produced by Mukesh Bhatt and directed by Vikram Bhatt, and stars Ashmit Patel, Vidya Malvade and Nauheed Cyrusi.
 It is inspired by the Hollywood film "Fear".
 It marked a debut film for Ashmit Patel.
 3 months after the release of this movie, another movie directed by Vikram Bhatt titled "Aetbaar" was released and that too was based on the Hollywood film "Fear" .
Udanchhoo is an upcoming Hindi Feature Film, starring Rajneesh Duggal & Sayyeshaa in the lead roles.
 It has ingredients of comedy, romance and thrill.
 Helmed by Mr.Vipin Parashar,Executive Producer Mr.Sandeep Chandrra this comic con is set in the metropolitan city of Mumbai, basing its narrative on the commercialization of Spiritual Leaders and the key cast’s funny involvement in the money involved.
 Udanchhoo will be made under the banner R Vision India.
Rajneesh Duggal is an Indian film actor and a former model.
 He is the winner of Grasim Mr. India title in 2003 and a runner up in Mr. International.
 He is also the winner of Kingfisher Model of the year 2005.
 In May 2014, he won the reality stunt show "".
 He made his Bollywood debut with Vikram Bhatt's super-hit horror thriller "1920".
 He is currently appearing in television series "Aarambh," which marks his television debut.
1920 is a series of Indian horror films.
 It is directed by Vikram Bhatt, Bhushan Patel and Tinu Suresh Desai, in each of three films.
 The story is written by Vikram Bhatt, for all three series.
 The first film released in 2008 is directed by Vikram Bhatt, the released in 2012 is directed by Bhushan Patel and the third film is directed by Tinu Suresh Desai will be released in 2016.
 The two films were commercially successful at the box office.
1920 is a 2008 Indian horror film written and directed by Vikram Bhatt.
 Filmed in Hindi, the film revolves around the events surrounding a married couple living in a haunted house in the year 1920.
 The film stars debutant actors Rajneesh Duggal and Adah Sharma as the married couple and Indraneil Sengupta in a special role.
 The film is the first installment of the 1920 (film series), which was a critical and commercial success.
 The film was also dubbed into Telugu as "1920 Gayathri".
 A sequel, "", was also released to mixed reviews and commercial success in 2012.
The film is loosely inspired from the 1973 horror cult classic The Exorcist.
Phhir (English: Again ) is an Indian romance and thriller film starring Rajneesh Duggal, Adah Sharma, and Roshni Chopra.
 The film was produced by ASA Productions and Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. and was released on 12 August 2011.
Be Careful is a Bollywood film that was released in the end of October 2011.
 The movie was directed by Chandrakant Singh and starred Rajneesh Duggal, Tanisha Mukherjee, Kiran Rathod, Zaid Hameed, Shillpi Sharma, while the other members from the cast included Rajpal Yadav, Asrani, Shakti Kapoor, Sanjay Mishra, Tiku Talsania.
Ankahee (Hindi: अनकही, Urdu: انکہی, English: "Untold") is an Indian film directed by Vikram Bhatt and starring Aftab Shivdasani, Ameesha Patel and Esha Deol.
 The film was originally titled "Aakhir".
 This movie was based upon the life of former Miss Universe Sushmita Sen, who was publicly in a relationship with Indian film director Vikram Bhatt.
 The director later denied the facts, but the movie evolves around the same story.
Spark is an Indian drama film written and directed by V. K. Singh, produced by Rekha Yadav and Naresh Gupta.
 The film stars Rajneesh Duggal and Subhasree Ganguly in lead roles, with Govind Namdeo, Ashutosh Rana, Rohit Raj and Rati Agnihotri in supporting roles.
 The film was released on 2 October 2014.
Anhoniyon Ka Andhera was an Indian television horror series that premiered on 26 February 2011 on Colors channel, and aired weekly on every Saturday at 11 PM IST.
 It ended on 9 July 2011.
 The series is produced by Bollywood film producer Vikram Bhatt, and each story of the show revolves around Anahita Malik, a girl who has supernatural powers.
 Vikram Bhatt film Haunted 3D stars Mahaakshay Chakraborty and Tia Bajpai also made their appearance on 30 April 2011 to promote their film.
