Pat Ashton (28 February 1931 – 23 June 2013) was an English actress.
 Her engaging cockney, blonde persona is best remembered for appearances in English TV-sitcom film spin-offs "On the Buses" (1971) and "Mutiny on the Buses" (1972).
The Tales of Beatrix Potter is a 1992 ballet adapted for stage by Anthony Dowell from a 1971 film that was choreographed by Frederick Ashton that in turn was based on the children's books by Beatrix Potter.
Together is a 1971 film directed by Sean S. Cunningham.
 Cunningham's first film attracted Wes Craven who wanted to be in the film business.
 This was Craven's first credit.
 Cunningham and Craven would later work on "The Last House on the Left".
 The film features a young Marilyn Chambers, billed under her real name, Marilyn Briggs, before she starred in "Behind the Green Door".
"In the First Place" is a song by the English rock group the Remo Four.
 It was released as a single in January 1999 to accompany the re-release of the 1968 psychedelic film "Wonderwall", directed by Joe Massot.
 The song was written by Colin Manley and Tony Ashton of the Remo Four and recorded in London in January 1968 during the sessions for George Harrison's "Wonderwall Music" soundtrack album.
 Having produced the track for the band, Harrison unearthed the recording 30 years later when supplying Massot with the master tapes for the film's music.
 Ashton and the Remo Four's drummer, Roy Dyke, also recorded the song with their subsequent group, Ashton, Gardner and Dyke, in 1969.
Bless the Beasts and Children is a 1971 film adaptation of the novel of the same name written by Glendon Swarthout.
 It was directed by Stanley Kramer and starred Bill Mumy (customarily credited then as “Billy” Mumy; this was one of the earliest known times he was credited as "Bill" Mumy) and Barry Robins.
Jennifer Ann Agutter {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'OBE', '4': "} (born 20 December 1952) is a British actress.
 She began her career as a child actress in 1964's "East of Sudan" and went on to appear in "Star!
" and two adaptations of "The Railway Children"—the BBC's 1968 television adaptation and the 1970 film version.
 She also starred in the critically acclaimed 1971 film "Walkabout", before moving to Hollywood in 1974.
 Her Hollywood film roles included parts in "Logan's Run" (1976), "An American Werewolf in London" (1981) and "Child's Play 2" (1990).
 Agutter won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama for the 1971 TV film "The Snow Goose", and the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for playing Jill Mason in the 1977 film "Equus".
Thick as Thieves is a British sitcom which was broadcast between 1 June and 20 July 1974 on LWT.
 It was created and written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais.
 There were 8 episodes over one series and starred Bob Hoskins, John Thaw and Pat Ashton.
Christian de Chalonge (born 21 January 1937) is a French film director and screenwriter.
 He directed the 1971 film "The Wedding Ring", which starred Anna Karina.
Lou Lombardo (February 15, 1932 – May 8, 2002) was an American filmmaker whose editing of the 1969 film "The Wild Bunch" has been called "seminal".
 In all, Lombardo is credited on more than twenty-five feature films.
 Noted mainly for his work as a film and television editor, he also worked as a cameraman, director, and producer.
 In his obituary, Stephen Prince wrote, "Lou Lombardo's seminal contribution to the history of editing is his work on "The Wild Bunch" (1969), directed by Sam Peckinpah.
 The complex montages of violence that Lombardo created for that film influenced generations of filmmakers and established the modern cinematic textbook for editing violent gun battles."
 Several critics have remarked on the "strange, elastic quality" of time in the film, and have discerned the film's influence in the work of directors John Woo, Quentin Tarantino, Kathryn Bigelow, and the Wachowskis, among others.
 While Lombardo's collaboration with Peckinpah lasted just a few years, his career was intertwined with that of director Robert Altman for more than thirty years.
 Lombardo edited Altman's 1971 film "McCabe & Mrs. Miller" (1971), which had "a radical approach to the use of dialogue and indeed other sound, both in and beyond the frame."
 Towards the end of his career Lombardo edited "Moonstruck" (1987) and two other films directed by Norman Jewison.
 While his editing is now considered "revolutionary" and "brilliant", Lombardo was never nominated for editing awards during his career.
Rainbow Bridge is a 1971 film directed by Chuck Wein about different countercultural figures interacting on the Hawaiian island of Maui.
 He described it as "a kind of space-age "Candid Camera".
 We're going to place Pat [New York model Pat Hartley, the protagonist] in all kinds of real-life situtations, and film what happens.
 We're going to shoot a lot of film and just see what comes out of it."
 Harry Shapiro adds, "the idea was to shoot an antidote to "Easy Rider", showing the positive side of the youth movement."
