Strike Fighter Squadron 2 (VFA-2) also known as the "Bounty Hunters" is a United States Navy F/A-18F Super Hornet strike fighter squadron based at Naval Air Station Lemoore, California.
 Their tail code is NE and their callsign is "Bullet".
 They are attached to Carrier Air Wing 2 (CVW-2), a composite unit made up of a wide array of aircraft performing a variety of combat and support missions that deploy aboard the "Carl Vinson" .
No. 1 Squadron is a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) squadron headquartered at RAAF Base Amberley, Queensland.
 Controlled by No. 82 Wing, it is equipped with Boeing F/A-18F Super Hornet multi-role fighters.
 The squadron was formed under the Australian Flying Corps in 1916 and saw action in the Sinai and Palestine Campaigns during World War I.
 It flew obsolete Royal Aircraft Factory B.E.2s, B.E.12s, Martinsyde G.100s and G.102s, as well as Airco DH.6s, Bristol Scouts and Nieuport 17s, before re-equipping with the R.E.8 in October 1917 and finally the Bristol Fighter in December.
 Its commanding officer in 1917–18 was Major Richard Williams, later known as the "Father of the RAAF".
 Disbanded in 1919, No. 1 Squadron was re-formed on paper as part of the RAAF in 1922, and re-established as an operational unit three years later.
Strike Fighter Squadron 11 (VFA-11) is a United States Navy strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Oceana, Virginia, United States.
 The squadron was established in 1950 and is nicknamed "Red Rippers" (call sign "Ripper").
 VFA-11 is equipped with the Boeing F/A-18F Super Hornet and currently assigned to Carrier Air Wing One.
The Boeing EA-18G Growler is an American carrier-based electronic warfare aircraft, a specialized version of the two-seat F/A-18F Super Hornet.
 The EA-18G replaced the Northrop Grumman EA-6B Prowlers in service with the United States Navy.
 The Growler's electronic warfare capability is primarily provided by Northrop Grumman.
 The EA-18G began production in 2007 and entered operational service with the US Navy in late 2009.
 Australia has also purchased twelve EA-18Gs, which entered service with the Royal Australian Air Force in 2017.
RAAF Base Amberley (ICAO: YAMB) is a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) military airbase located 8 km southwest of Ipswich, Queensland in Australia and 50 km southwest of Brisbane.
 It is currently home to No. 1 Squadron and No. 6 Squadron (operating the F/A-18F Super Hornet), No. 33 Squadron (taking delivery of the Airbus KC-30A) and No. 36 Squadron (operating the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III jet transport).
 Amberley is also home to Army units making up the 9th Force Support Battalion (9FSB).
 Located on 1600 ha , RAAF Amberley is the largest operational base in the RAAF, employing over 5,000 uniformed and civilian personnel.
 There are a variety of other formations on the base such as training colleges and maintenance areas.
 Amberley's largest squadron in terms of personnel is No. 382 Expeditionary Combat Support Squadron RAAF (ECSS) providing both garrison and deployed combat support.
 Amberley was one of only two airfields in Australia (the other being Darwin International Airport) that were listed as a Transoceanic Abort (TOA) landing site for the Space Shuttle.
 Amberley is currently undergoing a A$64 million dollar re-development program.
 The RAAF has plans to have Amberley operating as its "superbase" with flights of F/A-18F Super Hornets, F-35 Lightning II, KC-30A, C-17 Globemaster.
 No. 35 Squadron (Operating C-27J Spartan) is planned to move to the base from RAAF Base Richmond after it is fully equipped with the C-27J.
Electronic Attack Squadron 135 (VAQ-135), known as the "Black Ravens", is a United States Navy electronic attack squadron that currently operates the EA-18G Growler carrier-based electronic warfare jet aircraft.
 The squadron is permanently stationed at Naval Air Station Whidbey Island with a radio callsign of ""Thunder"".
The Boeing F/A-18E and F/A-18F Super Hornet are twin-engine carrier-capable multirole fighter aircraft variants based on the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet.
 The F/A-18E single-seat and F/A-18F tandem-seat variants are larger and more advanced derivatives of the F/A-18C and D Hornet.
 The Super Hornet has an internal 20 mm M61 rotary cannon and can carry air-to-air missiles and air-to-surface weapons.
 Additional fuel can be carried in up to five external fuel tanks and the aircraft can be configured as an airborne tanker by adding an external air refueling system.
Electronic Attack Squadron 209 (VAQ-209) is a United States Navy Reserve electronic attack squadron.
 Known as the "Star Warriors", the squadron flies the EA-18G Growler carrier-based electronic warfare jet aircraft.
 Based at Naval Air Station Whidbey Island, WA, it is assigned to the Tactical Support Wing.
No. 82 Wing is the strike and reconnaissance wing of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
 It is headquartered at RAAF Base Amberley, Queensland.
 Coming under the control of Air Combat Group, the wing operates F/A-18F Super Hornet multirole fighters and Pilatus PC-9 forward air control aircraft.
 Its units include Nos. 1 and 6 Squadrons, operating the Super Hornet, and No. 4 Squadron, operating the PC-9.
Strike Fighter Squadron 154 (VFA-154), also known as the "Black Knights", is a United States Navy strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Lemoore.
 The Black Knights are an operational fleet squadron flying the F/A-18F Super Hornet.
 They are currently attached to Carrier Air Wing Eleven and deployed aboard the aircraft carrier USS "Nimitz" .
 Their tailcode is NH and their callsign is "Knight".
