Patricia Hy-Boulais and Mercedes Paz were the defending champions but only Hy competed that year with Ann Grossman.
Smak (Serbian Cyrillic: Смак; trans.
 "The end time") is a Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band from Kragujevac.
 The group reached the peak of popularity in the 1970s when it was one of the most notable acts of the former Yugoslav rock scene.
 The band's leader, guitarist Radomir Mihailović, nicknamed Točak ("The Wheel"), is considered one of the most influential guitarists on the former Yugoslav rock scene.
Ludmila Richterová (born 7 March 1977) is a Czech former tennis player.
 She reached her highest ranking, World No. 62, on 18 March 1996, and won one WTA Tour title, the 1995 Rover British Clay Court Championships in Bournemouth, England, by beating Patricia Hy-Boulais 6(10)–7, 6–4, 6–3.
 In her career, Richterová defeated players such as Barbara Schett, Alexandra Fusai, Chanda Rubin, Conchita Martínez, Anna Smashnova, Ruxandra Dragomir, Anabel Medina Garrigues and Flavia Pennetta.
Debbie Graham and Brenda Schultz-McCarthy were the defending champions, but decided not to compete together.
 Graham partnered with Mariaan de Swardt, but lost in the semifinals to Alexandra Fusai and Nathalie Tauziat.
 Schultz-McCarthy partnered with Rebecca Jensen, but lost in the first round to Patricia Hy-Boulais and Chanda Rubin.
Sanjalice (Serbian Cyrillic: Сањалице, trans.
 "The Dreamers") was a former Yugoslav rock band from Belgrade, notable for being one of the first former Yugoslav all-female bands, as well as one of the pioneers of the former Yugoslav rock scene.
Heller is a Serbian and former Yugoslav speed/thrash metal band from Belgrade, notable as one of the first Yugoslav thrash metal bands and one of the pioneers of former Yugoslav extreme metal.
 The band's debut self-titled album is arguably the first extreme metal album in former Yugoslavia, and one of the first of the kind in Southeastern Europe.
Patricia Hy-Boulais (born 22 August 1965) is a former tennis player.
 She turned professional on October 12, 1986.
 Early in her career she represented Hong Kong (since the beginning until the end of the 1987 season).
 She became a citizen of Canada in 1991.
 However, she represented Canada just since the beginning of the 1988 season.
 Her best performance at a Grand Slam came when she got to the quarter finals of the 1992 US Open, defeating Eva Švíglerová, Judith Wiesner, Jennifer Capriati and Helena Suková before losing to eventual champion Monica Seles.
Sretno dijete (English: "Happy child") is a Croatian documentary film directed by Igor Mirković, and produced by Rajko Grlić, an Ohio University professor of film, in 2003.
 The film is a nostalgic autobiographical overview of the authors adolescence in SR Croatia in the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia during the late 1970s and early 1980s which corresponded with the emergence of the Yugoslav punk rock and new wave scenes, both which the author affiliated to, thus turning this film into a rockumentary.
 The film features interviews and rare footage of some of the top former Yugoslav rock acts ever such as: Azra, Film and Haustor from the author's hometown Zagreb, Croatia where most of the story takes place; then members of Električni orgazam and Idoli whom the author visits in Belgrade, Serbia; as well as Pankrti and Buldožer from Ljubljana, Slovenia.
 Beside materials filmed around former Yugoslavia, the film also contains interviews with important former Yugoslav artists who currently live abroad.
 For example, Darko Rundek is interviewed in Paris, France, Mirko Ilić in New York City in the United States, and there are also scenes shot on locations in the Netherlands, Germany, Hungary and other countries.
 The film is named after a song by Prljavo kazalište from their first self-titled album.
The 1992 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the USTA National Tennis Center in New York City in New York in the United States.
 It was the 112th edition of the US Open and was held from August 31 to September 13, 1992.
Milan Panić (Serbian Cyrillic: , ] ); born 20 December 1929) is a Serbian American former Prime Minister of Yugoslavia, humanitarian, and multimillionaire businessman based in Newport Beach and Pasadena, California.
 He served as Prime Minister of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1992 to 1993.
 During and after his time as Prime Minister, he campaigned for peace and democracy in the Balkan region.
 He ran for President of Serbia in 1992, ultimately coming in second to Slobodan Milošević in an election marked by allegations of media and vote tampering by the ruling party.
 Panić became Prime Minister of Yugoslavia while an American citizen.
 The legality of retaining US citizenship while accepting this office has been questioned based on a Constitutional prohibition of a US citizen accepting office on behalf of a foreign nation.
 Panić is the first US citizen to occupy a high-level political position in a foreign country since Golda Meir.
