Rosi Golan is an indie singer-songwriter originally from Israel, now residing in Brooklyn, New York.
 Since 2008 she has released 2 LPs (Lead Balloon and The Drifter & the Gypsy) and an EP (Fortuna).
 Her songs have been featured in feature films such as "Dear John" and "Tiger Eyes", various TV shows such as "Vampire Diaries", "Grey's Anatomy", "Private Practice", "Brothers & Sisters", "One Tree Hill", "Ghost Whisperer", and numerous commercials for companies such as Chicco, Pantene, J. C. Penney and Walmart.
American singer Kelly Clarkson has released seven studio albums, four extended plays, one compilation album, one remix album, and 38 singles (including four as a featured artist).
 In 2002, she won the inaugural season of the television competition "American Idol" and was immediately signed to a 1 million recording deal with RCA Records.
 She made her chart debut in September 2002 with the double A-side single "Before Your Love" / "A Moment Like This", which topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States by achieving the biggest jump to number one.
 Her debut album, "Thankful", was released in April 2003 and debuted atop the "Billboard" 200 chart in the United States and was certified in four countries, including a double-platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Its lead single, "Miss Independent", charted in nine countries, reaching number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Subsequent singles from the album include "Low" and "The Trouble with Love Is".
 In 2004, Clarkson released her second album, "Breakaway", which incorporated aspects of pop rock.
 "Breakaway" debuted at number three on the "Billboard" 200 and subsequently became her most successful studio album to date, being certified sextuple-platinum in the United States and twelve million worldwide.
 Its first four singles, "Breakaway", "Since U Been Gone", "Behind These Hazel Eyes", and "Because of You", became successful hits worldwide, charting at the top-ten in many countries, and with the latter-most topping the charts in the Netherlands and Switzerland.
 Its final single, "Walk Away", became a top-twenty hit in many countries.
Lynn Goldsmith (born February 11, 1948) is an American recording artist, a film director, a celebrity portrait photographer, and one of the first female rock and roll photographers.
 Lynn's photographs have appeared on the covers and in publications in many countries for the past 50 years.
 She has done over 100 album covers.
 In addition to her editorial work, Goldsmith has also focused on fine art photography with conceptual images.
 Her photographs are in the collections of The Smithsonian among other museums and her 3D videos created in 1982 are in the collection of Moma.
Visa Debit is a major brand of debit card issued by Visa in many countries around the world.
 Numerous banks and financial institutions issue Visa Debit cards to their customers for access to their bank accounts.
 In many countries the Visa Debit functionality is often incorporated on the same plastic card that allows access to ATM and any domestic EFTPOS networks.
Damien Lewis is a British author and filmmaker who has spent over twenty years reporting from and writing about conflict zones in many countries.
 He has produced about twenty films.
 He has written more than fifteen books, some of which have been published in over thirty languages.
 His books have appeared on bestseller lists in many countries.
 He is a Fellow of the Winston Churchill Memorial Trust, and a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society.
Chicco (] ) is a brand of Artsana, that's been working for over 50 years in the field of children's products, and is now present in more than 120 countries worldwide.
Royal Stag, also known as Seagram's Royal Stag, is a brand of whisky launched in 1995.
 It is available in many countries across the world in various pack sizes and has emerged as a global brand of whisky from the house of Seagram’s.
 It is Pernod Ricard's best selling brand by volume.
 It is a blend of finest grain spirits and imported Scotch malts.
 It is commonly available in 1 L, 750 ml, 375 ml and 180 ml bottles and also available in 90 ml and 60 ml bottles.
 The brand is named after a species of deer famous for its antlers, that is also featured in its logo.
 It is produced in several company-owned as well as bottler-owned distilleries.
 It was the first whisky brand launched in India that did not use any artificial flavours.
Let There Be Love is Joni James debut album, recorded in 1953 and released by MGM Records at the end of the year.
 It was released in a four-disc 10-inch 78-rpm record box, in both a two-disc 7-inch 45-rpm extended-play foldout album and a four-disc 45-rpm regular-play box and on a 10-inch 33⅓-rpm album.
 The serial number, 222, coincidentally included James's lucky number, "22," which appeared in many of her record serial numbers all over the world.
 The album is the first to present its songs as a book in music, opening with "Let There Be Love" and closing with "I'll Be Seeing You", with the songs telling a story start to finish.
 The memorable cover was done at M-G-M Pictures Studios in Culver City by artist Russ Gale.
 From the album a single of "Let There Be Love" and "You're Nearer" was shipped to radio stations.
 Then, by public demand, a single of "You're My Everything" and "You're Nearer" was released.
 This album offered Joni's second recording of "Let There Be Love," which had been released in an earlier version in 1952 as her first single on Sharp Records in Chicago, then going to M-G-M Records for further distribution.
 Both recordings were arranged and conducted by Lew Douglas.
 "Let There Be Love" went to the top of the album charts and was the sixth-best-selling album of 1953.
 In 1956 the album was reissued as a 12-inch L.P. and in three single EPs; there was no EP set including the entire album.
 For this release, four Joni James singles were added, but one of them had never been released.
 That was "I Need You Now," which was to have followed the hit "My Love, My Love" but was canceled when Eddie Fisher came out with a version recorded several weeks after Joni's.
 M-G-M had expected Joni's original version to go straight to #1.
 For the new album the first four songs and second four songs were switched to get "You're My Everything" in the outside groove of the L.P. to facilitate disc jockey play.
 So, for 50 years, the story the album tells has been garbled.
 In 1961 the album got new cover art, a new serial number (E3931), and an electronically simulated stereo release.
 Released again on compact disk with yet more bonus tracks, the album is in its fifth decade as a best seller.
 Joni James hopes for yet another release which will restore the original song order.
 Significantly, for her last M-G-M album, "Bossa Nova Style", Joni included new recordings of several songs from "Let There Be Love", including a new single of "You're Nearer."
 That album was arranged by Lew Douglas's protégé Chuck Sagle.
 This information comes from Wayne Brasler, longtime President of the Joni James International Fan Club and the writer of the album notes for all Joni James' CD releases.
Ian Partridge CBE (born 12 June 1938) is a retired English lyric tenor, whose repertoire ranged from Monteverdi, Bach and Handel, the Elizabethan lute songs, German, French and English songs, through to Schoenberg, Weill and Britten, and on to contemporary works.
 He formed a renowned vocal-piano duo with his sister Jennifer Partridge, with whom he worked for over 50 years.
 While concentrating mainly on songs, oratorio and lieder, he also recorded opera, and has an extensive discography.
 He is now a teacher and adjudicator, and conducts master classes in many countries.
Association football culture refers to the cultural aspects surrounding the game of association football.
 In many countries, football has ingrained itself into the national culture, and parts of life may revolve around it.
 Many countries have daily football newspapers, as well as football magazines.
 Football players, especially in the top levels of the game, have become role models for people.
 The FIFA World Cup held every four years is the quintessential football event, combining the greatest players in the world and the passion of the fans.
 Football has a long and glorious history, with which a vast and diverse culture has emerged.
 The culture of football can be easily divided into how the players, fans and clubs see the sport.
