The 1991–92 NBA season was the 46th season of the National Basketball Association in New York City.
 In the offseason, the Knicks hired Pat Riley to take over as head coach, while acquiring All-Star forward Xavier McDaniel from the Phoenix Suns, and signing free agent Anthony Mason.
 Riley, who previously coached the Los Angeles Lakers two years ago had an impact, as the Knicks finished second in the Atlantic Division with a 51–31 record.
 In the first round of the playoffs, the Knicks eliminated the Detroit Pistons in five games.
 In the semifinals, the Knicks faced off against the defending champion Chicago Bulls for the second straight year.
 The Knicks frustrated the Bulls and Michael Jordan with their physical play.
 The Knicks lost in seven games as the Bulls–Knicks rivalry was born.
The Bulls–Knicks rivalry is a rivalry between the Chicago Bulls and the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The two basketball teams have played each other every year since the Bulls first joined the NBA in 1966.
 However, the rivalry began to grow in intensity during the late 1980s and early 1990s, when both teams became huge playoff contenders.
 This was due to a variety of factors: the great frequency in which the teams competed against each other in high-stakes contests and playoff series; well-known players such as Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen, Patrick Ewing, and John Starks; the reputations of the team's respective cities; and personnel changes and conflicts between the teams.
 The two teams met in the playoffs seven times between 1981 and 1996, with the Bulls winning six of those series.
Charles Buaku Atsina Junior He is a Ghanaian and Italian naturalized professional footballer resident in London and currently playing for Vllanzia in the Albanian Superliga.
Born on the 24th March 1989, grew up in Italy where he started his Football academy coached by Vittorio Zerpelloni http://www.calciatori.com/calciatore/zerpelloni-vittorio who was also a professional player from the Italian serie A&B.
Atsina speaks four European languages Italian,English,Spanish and German In 2012, he joined AD Alcorcon The Liga Adelante, The 2nd Division club in Madrid With a Deal of €250k for a 1/2year deal plus 1year option,2013 discovered by the scout of Vfl Wolfsburg Frank Benatelli ex professional player and currently coach of Csv Bochum, In 2014, he joined the German side Csv Bochum with 24 appearance 20 goals And 7 Goals in The kreispokal.
 In 2015, he joined Tus Ennepetal with 22 appearance 5goals in the league and 5goals just in the 1st game of kreispokal https://www.derwesten.de/sport/lokalsport/ennepetal-gevelsberg-schwelm/widerstand-haelt-nur-eine-stunde-id9963722.html.
 Currently playing for the Finnish club Käpylän Pallo based in Helsinki.
 A very well known player in Bochum (Germany)for his record goals
Yvonne Tracy (born 27 February 1981) is an Irish female international football defender.
 She is a well known player at the club and international level, competing in youth cups beginning at age 16.
 She currently plays club football for Arsenal Ladies.
The Fort Lauderdale–Tampa Bay rivalry also known as the Florida Derby refers to the ongoing soccer rivalry that currently involves the Fort Lauderdale Strikers and the Tampa Bay Rowdies, both of whom played in the North American Soccer League though the 2016 season.
 Over the years the rivalry has spanned more than one hundred matches across eight soccer leagues and several tournaments, and involved nine different teams from the two regions of Florida.
 At times it has involved players, coaches, management and fans.
 Even the press has fanned the rivalry's flames at times.
 From 2010 through 2014, the winner of the regular season series automatically won the Coastal Cup as well.
 The status of the rivalry beyond 2016 remains unclear because the Rowdies have since joined the United Soccer League.
 For their part, the Strikers took a one-year hiatus and were not mentioned in the NASL's future plans because of ongoing ownership issues, as well as related financial and legal battles.
J P Rooney (John Paul) is a Gaelic footballer from County Louth, Ireland.
 He plays with the Louth and Naomh Mairtin teams.
 He was part of the Louth team that played in the final of the Leinster Senior Football Championship in 2010, but were beaten in controversial circumstances by Meath.
 He helped Louth to win both Tommy Murphy Cup and National League Div 2 tiles in 2006.
 JP is Naomh Mairtin's most well known player and in 2000 he won the Drogheda Independent/Drogheda Concentrates Sportstar of the Year.
 He has since retired from playing for Louth GAA but still plays for Naomh Mairtin.
 He has taken up a role as an underage coach for Louth GAA where he coaches teams under the age of 18.
Alex Wilson (born 21 March 1994) is an Australian professional basketball player who plays for the Sydney Uni Flames in the Women's National Basketball League.
 She was a well known player and outstanding junior representative from South Australia.
 She also played for the Townsville Fire after representing the Adelaide Lightning in 2010/11 and training with the Australian Institute of Sport after gaining national attention as a 16-year-old.
Kenneth Jerome Riley (born August 6, 1947) is a former professional American football defensive back who played his entire career for the Cincinnati Bengals, in the American Football League in 1969 and in the NFL from 1970 through 1983.
 Riley recorded 65 interceptions in his career, which was the fourth most in Pro Football history at the time of his retirement behind three members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame; Dick Lane, Emlen Tunnell and Paul Krause.
 But despite his accomplishments, Riley was never an exceptionally popular or well known player.
 In his 15 seasons, Riley was never once selected to play in the AFL All-Star Game or the AFC-NFC Pro Bowl, and to this date has not been voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Sorin Cigan (born 29 May 1964) is a Romanian former professional footballer who played as a striker and currently a manager.
 In Romania Cigan played mostly for Bihor Oradea, but he had his best seasons at Brașov, then he played for rest of his career in Hungary, where he was a well known player, playing along his career for Budapest most important clubs Ferencváros and Újpest among other clubs.
The Flyers–Rangers rivalry (also commonly referred to as Broadway versus Broad Street) is one of the most storied and well known rivalries in the National Hockey League.
 The New York Rangers and the Philadelphia Flyers have met eleven times in the Stanley Cup Playoffs, with the Flyers winning six and the Rangers winning five of the series, and they have been division rivals since the  season.
 The ferocity of the rivalry can also be attributed to the geographic New York-Philadelphia rivalry, which is mirrored in the National Football League's Eagles–Giants rivalry, the National Basketball Association's Knicks–76ers rivalry, and the Major League Baseball's Mets–Phillies rivalry.
