The North American Aviation P-51 Mustang is an American long-range, single-seat fighter and fighter-bomber used during World War II and the Korean War, among other conflicts.
 The Mustang was designed in 1940 by North American Aviation (NAA) in response to a requirement of the British Purchasing Commission.
 The Purchasing Commission approached North American Aviation to build Curtiss P-40 fighters under license for the Royal Air Force (RAF).
 Rather than build an old design from another company, North American Aviation proposed the design and production of a more modern fighter.
 The prototype NA-73X airframe was rolled out on 9 September 1940, 102 days after the contract was signed, and first flew on 26 October.
The CLW Curlew was a two-seat, single-engined training aircraft built partly to demonstrate a new wing structure.
 It flew successfully in the UK in 1936, but the company went bankrupt and only one Curlew flew.
North American Aviation (NAA) was a major American aerospace manufacturer, responsible for a number of historic aircraft, including the T-6 Texan trainer, the P-51 Mustang fighter, the B-25 Mitchell bomber, the F-86 Sabre jet fighter, the X-15 rocket plane, and the XB-70, as well as Apollo Command and Service Module, the second stage of the Saturn V rocket, the Space Shuttle orbiter and the B-1 Lancer.
 Through a series of mergers and sales, North American Aviation became part of North American Rockwell, which later became Rockwell International and is now part of Boeing.
The Beagle B.121 Pup is a 1960s British 2–4 seat single-engined training and touring aircraft built by Beagle Aircraft Limited at Shoreham Airport and Rearsby Aerodrome.
The North American Aviation T-6 Texan is an American single-engined advanced trainer aircraft used to train pilots of the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF), United States Navy, Royal Air Force, and other air forces of the British Commonwealth during World War II and into the 1970s.
 Designed by North American Aviation, the T-6 is known by a variety of designations depending on the model and operating air force.
 The United States Army Air Corps (USAAC) and USAAF designated it as the AT-6, the United States Navy the SNJ, and British Commonwealth air forces the Harvard, the name by which it is best known outside of the US.
 Starting in 1948, the new United States Air Force (USAF) designated it the T-6, with the USN following in 1962.
 It remains a popular warbird aircraft used for airshow demonstrations and static displays.
 It has also been used many times to simulate various Japanese aircraft, including the Mitsubishi A6M Zero in movies depicting World War II in the Pacific.
National Aviation Academy (NAA) is a nationally recognized aviation training school located in Clearwater, Florida and Concord, Massachusetts.
 NAA began training Aircraft Mechanics in 1932.
 They currently offer 3 programs: an FAA certified combination Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) Certifications [Aviation Maintenance Technology (AMT) Program], a combined A&P and Advanced Aircraft Systems program known as an Aviation Maintenance Professional (AMP), and an Advanced Aircraft Systems (AAS) program that is accredited by the National Center for Aircraft Technician Training (NCATT).
 NAA has an articulation agreement with Middlesex Community College and Polk State College allowing students to obtain an Associate In Science Degree.
The Ryan (originally North American) Navion is a United States single-engine, unpressurized, retractable gear, four-seat aircraft originally designed and built by North American Aviation in the 1940s.
 It was later built by Ryan Aeronautical Company and the Tubular Steel Corporation (TUSCO).
 The Navion was envisioned as an aircraft that would perfectly match the expected postwar boom in civilian aviation, since it was designed along the general lines of, and by the same company which produced the North American P-51 Mustang, generally regarded as one of the best Allied fighter aircraft.
The General Aircraft GAL.42 Cygnet II was a 1930s British single-engined training or touring aircraft built by General Aircraft Limited at London Air Park, Hanworth.
The North American NA-35 was a training aircraft designed by North American Aviation.
 It was first test-flown in January 1940 by Vance Breese.
 Although announced for trade the month after, the project was pushed aside by plant expansions and the development of the P-51 Mustang.
 Further test flights were conducted and construction began on a few more aircraft, but the project remained stagnant until Vega Aircraft Corporation bought the rights to the aircraft in October 1940 to develop into the Vega 35.
The North American Aviation NA-16 was the first trainer aircraft built by North American Aviation, and was the beginning of a line of closely related North American trainer aircraft that would eventually number more than 17,000 examples.
