This Year's Girl (女性上位時代) is a 1991 Pizzicato Five album, their first for Nippon Columbia and first to feature Maki Nomiya as frontwoman.
Cronos were a United Kingdom-based heavy metal band formed in 1988 by Venom front man Conrad "Cronos" Lant.
Conrad Thomas Lant (born 15 January 1963), also known by the stage name of Cronos, is an English musician.
 He is the vocalist and bass player of the influential Thrash metal/black metal band Venom, from 1979 to 1989 and from 1994 to present.
The following is a complete chronology of the various line-ups of British extreme metal band Venom, formed in 1979.
 The group evolved out of an older group, Guillotine, formed in 1978.
 No individual has consistently remained with the group throughout its entire career; vocalist and bassist Conrad Lant, a co-founding member, fronts the group today.
Future Listening!
 is the debut solo album from Japanese electronic musician Towa Tei.
 It was Tei's first release after his departure from dance music act Deee-Lite.
 The album incorporates an array of musical styles, including electronic, bossa nova, trip hop, house, jazz and pop.
 Produced by Tei, "Future Listening!"
 includes collaborations with artists such as Joi Cardwell, Bebel Gilberto, MC Kinky, Hiroshi Takano, Ryuichi Sakamoto, Haruomi Hosono, Toshihiko Mori, Satoshi Tomiie, Yuichi Oki of Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra and Pizzicato Five vocalist Maki Nomiya.
Calm Before the Storm is the fifth album by Venom.
 The original title of the album would have been "Deadline", but the title was changed when guitarist Jeffrey "Mantas" Dunn left the band and was replaced by Jimi Clare and Mike Hickey.
 Both were to follow bassist Conrad "Cronos" Lant in his later solo career and the latter would also return on the 2006 album "Metal Black".
Pizzicato Five (formerly typeset as Pizzicato V and sometimes abbreviated to P5) was a Japanese pop band formed in Tokyo in 1979 by multi-instrumentalists Yasuharu Konishi and Keitaro Takanami.
 After some personnel changes in the late 1980s, the band gained international fame as a duo consisting of Konishi and vocalist Maki Nomiya.
 The group, widely credited (along with Flipper's Guitar) with spearheading the Shibuya-kei movement of Tokyo in the 1990s, is known for eclectic and energetic compositions that often pay homage to late 1960s English-language pop music.
 The catchphrase "A New Stereophonic Sound Spectacular" captured the group's ironic stance and eager attitude.
Prime Evil is the sixth studio album by heavy metal band Venom, and the first not to feature bassist and vocalist Conrad "Cronos" Lant.
 It is also the first in a series of three albums with former Atomkraft bassist and vocalist Tony Dolan as a band member and composer.
The Arab satellite lists or Arab lists were Israeli Arab electoral lists formed for the purposes of electoral support of Mapai (and later the Labor Party), Mapam and the General Zionists between 1948 and the mid 1970s.
 Between the 1949 elections and the 1969 elections, most of the Israeli Arab vote was divided between the communist parties Maki and Rakah (an Arab-dominated breakaway from Maki in 1965, recognised by the Soviet Union as the official communist party) and the Arab satellite lists.
 Maki and Rakah were considered the only parties to truly represent Arab interests until the Progressive List for Peace won two seats in the 1984 elections.
Maki Nomiya (野宮 真貴 , Nomiya Maki , born March 12, 1960) is a Japanese singer and musician.
 She released her first solo album in 1981, and worked through the 1980s as the lead vocalist of the New Wave band .
 In 1991, she became the lead singer of the band Pizzicato Five.
 When the group disbanded in 2001, she embarked on a solo career.
 She also appears singing solo on the soundtrack of the game "We Love Katamari" and in the 2008 Japanese version of "Just One Second" (Jikan Wo Tomete) by London Elektricity.
