Laura Jane Silverman (born June 10, 1966) is an American actress and voice actress, and the older sister of comedian Sarah Silverman.
 She is best known for portraying a fictionalized version of herself alongside her sister in "" and "The Sarah Silverman Program".
 She also stars as Jane Benson on "The Comeback" with Lisa Kudrow and voiced Laura, the sarcastic receptionist on the animated comedy television series "Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist".
Faye Dunaway is an American actress who has appeared in 72 motion pictures, 36 television programs, 11 plays and two music videos.
 Regarded as one of the greatest actresses of her generation, she was one of the leading movie stars during the golden age of New Hollywood.
 She made her screen debut in the 1967 film "The Happening", and rose to fame that same year with the gangster film "Bonnie and Clyde", for which she received her first Academy Award nomination.
 She followed this with the box office hit "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1968) opposite Steve McQueen.
 In 1969, she co-starred with Kirk Douglas in Elia Kazan's drama "The Arrangement".
 The following year, she had a supporting role in "Little Big Man", opposite Dustin Hoffman.
 Also in 1970, her performance in Jerry Schatzberg's experimental drama "Puzzle of a Downfall Child" earned her a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama.
 She portrayed Milady de Winter in Richard Lester's "The Three Musketeers" (1973) and "The Four Musketeers" (1974).
Lorraine Ziff (born in Bronx, New York) is an American actress She received a Bachelor of Arts double degree in theater and communications from Marymount College, Tarrytown and her master's degree in social work from Fordham.
 As an actress she stars alongside Robert Picardo and Gary Busey in "Mansion of Blood", which, originally planned for 2012, is now scheduled for a 2014 release.
 She also appears in "Treachery" with Michael Biehn and co-stars in the forthcoming supernatural Western "Six Gun Savior" with Eric Roberts.
Laura Elizabeth Dern (born February 10, 1967) is an American actress.
 For her performance in the 1991 film "Rambling Rose", she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, while for her performance in the 2014 film "Wild", she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
 Her other film roles include "Mask" (1985), "Smooth Talk" (1985), "Blue Velvet" (1986), "Wild at Heart" (1990), "Jurassic Park" (1993), "Citizen Ruth" (1996), "October Sky" (1999), "I Am Sam" (2001), "Inland Empire" (2006), "The Master" (2012), "The Fault in Our Stars" (2014), and "" (2017).
 She is known for her collaborations with filmmaker David Lynch, having appeared in four of his films and the 2017 "Twin Peaks" revival.
Andrea "Drea" Donna de Matteo ( ; born January 19, 1972) is an American actress, known for her roles as Angie Bolen on ABC's "Desperate Housewives", Joey Tribbiani's sister Gina on the NBC sitcom "Joey", Wendy Case on FX series "Sons of Anarchy", and Adriana La Cerva on the HBO TV series "The Sopranos", a role for which she won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series.
 She currently stars as Det. Tess Nazario in NBC's "Shades of Blue".
All the Way to the Ocean is a 2016 computer animated short film based on the children's book of the same name by Joel Harper.
 The screenplay was written by Joel Harper, Pete Michels, and Doug Rowell.
 The film was directed by Doug Rowell and produced by Joel Harper.
 The film is narrated by American actress Marcia Cross and features the song With My Own Two Hands by Ben Harper (brother of) Joel Harper.
 This is an alternate version of the original song featuring Jack Johnson and is also featured on the Curious George film soundtrack "Sing-A-Longs and Lullabies for the Film Curious George".
 The lyrics focus on how changes in the world can come about when a single person decides to take action.
 The song's popularity in Europe was such that Ben Harper was awarded French "Rolling Stone Magazine"'s "Artist of the Year" (Artiste De L'Année) in 2003.
 The film also features music by Joel Harper and Burning Spear with their collaboration on the song The Time is Now.
 The film stars voice-overs by actress and activist Amy Smart and Australian musician Xavier Rudd.
Pamela Fionna Adlon ("née" Segall; born July 9, 1966) is an American actress, voice actress, screenwriter, producer, and director.
 Adlon voiced Bobby Hill on "King of the Hill", for which she won an Emmy Award, and the title character from the "Pajama Sam" video games.
 She is also known for playing Dolores in "Grease 2" and Ashley Spinelli on the animated series "Recess", and for her appearances on "Californication" and "Louie", on which she is also a consulting producer.
 Adlon currently stars in and writes the FX comedy television series "Better Things", which has won a Peabody Award, which she co-created with Louis C.K.
Rozanne Damone "Rozie" Curtis is an American actress, choreographer, director, producer, writer and voice actress.
 She is mostly known for doing voiceovers in English dubs for Japanese anime and works with ADV Films and Seraphim Digital.
 Currently, she is the manager of community outreach for Theatre Under the Stars and associate director for Crosswind Productions.
Jennifer Grey (born March 26, 1960) is an American actress.
 She is known for her roles in the 1980s films "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986) and "Dirty Dancing" (1987), for which Grey earned a Golden Globe Award nomination.
 She is also known for her 2010 victory in season eleven of "Dancing with the Stars".
 Grey is the daughter of Academy Award–winning actor Joel Grey and former actress/singer Jo Wilder, Grey currently stars in the Amazon Studios comedy series "Red Oaks".
Robin Gayle Wright (born April 8, 1966) is an American actress and director.
 She stars as Claire Underwood in the Netflix political drama "House of Cards", for which she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama in 2013, making her the first actress to win a Golden Globe for a web television series.
 Wright has also received consecutive Primetime Emmy nominations in the Outstanding Lead Actress – Drama category for "House of Cards" between 2013 and 2017.
