The Arden Theatre Company is a regional theatre company located in Stockton-on-Tees, England.
 Founded in 2002, by Robert Icke, Daniel Hill, Andrew Berriman and David Kirkbride, the theatre company grew quickly to become one of the premier theatre companies in the region.
 Based at Stockton-on-Tees' theatre, ARC, the company began as a youth-only company but now seems to have grown out of its 'no adults' label.
 The first production was Julius Caesar, in 2003, and a further five productions all sold out.
The Field Day Theatre Company began as an artistic collaboration between playwright Brian Friel and actor Stephen Rea.
 In 1980, the duo set out to launch a production of Friel's recently completed play, "Translations".
 They decided to rehearse and premiere the play in Derry with the hope of establishing a major theatre company for Northern Ireland.
 The production and performance of "Translations" generated a level of excitement and anticipation that unified, if only for a short time, the various factions of a divided community.
Aid to Russia Fund (Russian: Фонд помощи России ) - During World War II Mrs. Clementine Churchill was Chairman of the Red Cross Aid to Russia Fund,
The brainchild of Paula D'Alessandris, Mind The Gap (MTG) Theatre Company was conceived in 1998 to import edgy British productions, readings and workshops to New York audiences and, in return, export some of America's unknown theatrical talent to the United Kingdom.
 Featuring An Anglo-American repertory company of actors and writers, the New York City-based company maintains active ties to an assortment of British theatre agencies and has a literary staff that reads hundreds of new scripts each year.
 In 2001, Dame Helen Mirren and Dame Judi Dench joined MTG’s Board of Advisors.
 In 2013 Dame Harriet Walter joined the board.
Diana Spencer-Churchill (11 July 1909 – 20 October 1963) was the eldest daughter of British statesman Sir Winston Churchill and Clementine Churchill, Baroness Spencer-Churchill (née Hozier).
Margot Hartman Tenney is the chairman of the board of the First Stamford Corporation, one of the largest privately held commercial real estate companies in the State of Connecticut.
 Born and raised in New York City, she started her professional career as an actress at the Arena Stage Company in Washington, D.C..
 After years of working in the regional theatre, Margot founded the Hartman Theatre Company in Stamford, Connecticut.
 For over a decade the Hartman Theatre Company served as one of the nation’s leading regional theatres and was the recipient of a special Drama Desk Award for Producing Unprecedented Work, such as the pre-Broadway production of The Runner Stumbles in the theatre’s premiere season.
 Through the creation of the Dorothy and Jesse Hartman Foundation, Margot supports several not for profit institutions such as the Palm Beach Shakespeare Festival.
 She also served on the board of directors for the Eugene O’Neill Theatre Center, The Helen Hayes Theatre in Nyack, New York and the Musical Theatre Works Company in New York.
 Margot received the Lifetime Achievement Award for the Advancement of Women from the Connecticut United Nations Associations.
 Margot was also presented with an Outstanding Connecticut Woman Award by Governor O’Neill in the State Senator Chamber and thanked by the United States Senator Christopher Dodd for her service to the State.
No Name Players is a professional theatre company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 Founded in 2000 by Don DiGiulio at Marshall University in Huntington, West Virginia, the theatre company began as a creative outlet for DiGiulio and his classmates to hone their craft outside of college-related performance opportunities.
 It has since evolved to become an important part of Pittsburgh's theatre scene, establishing its presence in 2004 with a production of Charles Mee's "Big Love", which was recognized as one of the Top Ten Plays of 2004 by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
 The company's mission is to "present unique and challenging theatrical productions by both new and established playwrights with an emphasis on the collaborative nature of theatre through ensemble."
 It is notable for its "SWAN Day" celebration, which is an annual theatrical event that features short plays and other performance pieces that are created primarily by women, in connection with the international holiday SWAN (Support Women Artists Now) Day which occurs on the last Saturday of Women's History Month.
 The company has no performance space of its own but has used performance spaces around Pittsburgh, including Pittsburgh Playwrights Theatre Company, Bricolage Production Company, and the Grey Box Theatre.
 It has received attention from Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, Out Online, and Pittsburgh City Paper.
UBI Theatre Leipzig is a bilingual (English and German) theatre company based in Leipzig (Germany).
 Established in Birmingham (England) in 2002, it moved to Leipzig in 2005 along with its founder Gareth Knapman.
 In 2012, German theatre educator and actress Claudia Jessat joined the company and the two of them managed the company together until Gareth's passing in early 2016, after which Claudia assumed the role of the owner.
 The name of the company was then changed from "Ubiquity Theatre Company" to UBI Theatre Leipzig.
 UBI seeks to produce socially conscious theatre projects in both performance and in workshop projects with children, youngsters and adults.
 UBI follows the British tradition of 'Theatre in Education' and 'Community Theatre', and is influenced by Bertolt Brecht, Keith Johnstone and Augusto Boal in its ideals of using theatre for social gain.
 Projects take place in their Leipzig premises and various local theatres.
Dame Harriet Mary Walter, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 24 September 1950) is an English stage and screen actress.
 Her film appearances include "Sense and Sensibility" (1995), "The Governess" (1998), "Villa des Roses" (2002), "Atonement" (2007) and "Man Up" (2015).
 On television she starred opposite John Lithgow as Clementine Churchill in "The Crown" (2016), Natalie Chandler in the ITV drama series "" (2009–14), and as Lady Prudence Shackleton in four episodes of "Downton Abbey" (2013–15).
 She was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 2011 for services to drama.
The Melbourne Theatre Company (popularly known as MTC) is a theatre company based in Melbourne, Victoria.
 Founded in 1953 as the Union Theatre Repertory Company, it is the oldest professional theatre company in Australia.
 The company's Southbank Theatre houses the 500-seat Sumner and the 150-seat Lawler, and the company also performs in the Arts Centre Melbourne's Fairfax Studio and Playhouse, all located in Melbourne's Arts Precinct in Southbank.
 Considered Victoria's state theatre company, it formally comes under the auspices of the University of Melbourne.
 Currently, it offers a Mainstage Season of ten to twelve plays each year, as well as education, family and creative development activities.
 It has a subscriber base of approximately 20,000 people and plays to a quarter of a million people annually.
