The Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians (Ojibwe language: Mikinaakwajiw-ininiwag) is a Native American tribe of Ojibwa and Métis peoples, based on the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation in Belcourt, North Dakota.
 The tribe has 30,000 enrolled members.
 A population of 5,815 reside on the main reservation and another 2,516 reside on off-reservation trust land (as of the 2000 census).
 It is federally recognized and Wayne L. Keplin is the current Tribal Chairman elected for 2016 to 2018 term.
Banu Marwan a clan of Juhaynah (Arabic: المراويين‎ ‎ ) "the people of manners".
 They are the leaders of Juhaynah tribe.
 Almarween are Sunni Tribe in the Arabian peninsula.
 There is no official tribe population count but it is estimated to be approximately one million in Saudi Arabia.
 The tribe Chief, Sheikh.
 Awdah bin Hamad ALMarwani ALJehani.
 The tribal lands extend from the Red Sea coast in Yanbu (Western Part of Saudi Arabia) to the heart of Najd in the central region of Saudi Arabia, and from North lands extend from Madinah (a holy city for Muslims) to Al Qunfudhah in the south.The tribe's reach extends to other countries like Qatar and reported the tribe family tree, that one of their descendants is an American individual, who was born in early nineties to white American mother from Kyle, Texas and Saudi Arabian father, who was a student at Lamar university during the child birth, which happened that the father was the son of Almarwani tribe leader, which makes this child the grandson of the tribe leader.
 However, there is no reports found if the blood line was continued by this American member or not.
Mahtotopa Mountain (8677 ft ) is located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Mahtotopa Mountain rises to the south above Saint Mary Lake midway between Red Eagle Mountain and Little Chief Mountain and can be easily seen from the Going-to-the-Sun Road to the southwest of Rising Sun.
 Originally named "Four Bears Mountain" by George Bird Grinnell in 1885, the name was changed in 1932 to Mahtotopa.
 "Mahtotopa" is an incorrect spelling of "Mato-tope", the Mandan chief known as "Four Bears".
 Mato-tope was a grandfather of Joe Kipp, a hunting companion of Grinnell.
The Uqaydat tribe is a Sunni large Arab tribe which straddles Syria's eastern border with Iraq.
made up of an alliance Arab clans in the Euphrates basin, constitute the mainstay clans Zubaid of the breed Amru bin Ma'adi Yakrib, the number of the tribe estimated at more than 4 million people, more than 2.7 million in Syria (Deir ez-Zor60%, Hasakah, Ras Al-Ayn) and the others in Iraq, GCC States and Turkey, the tribe formed a coalition of different clans in the descent, so the system presidential tribe like the Decentralization somewhat Each tribe had its own Sheikh in its areas of deployment, but everyone continued to chieftain of the tribe's main town Diban near Mayadin and the leadership of the tribe be Al Hevel family from Al Bukamil clan major clans nodules.
 s of 2012 its chief is Nawaf al-Fares, the former Syrian ambassador to Iraq.
The Choctaw-Apache Tribe of Ebarb is a state-recognized Native American tribe in Sabine Parish, Louisiana.
 The reported number of tribal members varies between approximately 3,000 and 3,276, many of whom reside within the town of Zwolle, where the tribal offices are based; the villages of Converse and Noble, and the unincorporated communities of Ebarb, where the tribe has a pow-wow ground; Blue Lake, and Grady Hill.
 This area is east of the Toledo Bend Reservoir and covers approximately 15 square miles.
It is said that the first settlers to make home in this municipality were the people of the Pipil tribe that seem to have passed through Guatemala on their way to El Salvador where the members of the tribe currently reside.
 The exact date that this tribe was founded is not know, as it is quite ancient.
 Evidence of what occurred in the municipality of La Democracia can be found in archeological sites that can be found in many of its parts.
Mato-tope (also known as Ma-to-toh-pe or Four Bears, from "mato" "bear" and "tope" "four") (c.1784 - July 30, 1837) was the second chief of the Mandan tribe to be known as "Four Bears," a name he earned after charging the Assiniboine tribe during battle with the strength of four bears.
 Four Bears lived in the first half of the 19th century on the upper Missouri River in what is now North Dakota.
 Four Bears was a favorite subject of artists, painted by George Catlin and Karl Bodmer.
The Little Traverse Bay Bands of Odawa Indians (LTBBOI) is a federally recognized Native American tribe of Odawa.
 A large percentage of the more than 4000 tribal members continue to reside within the tribe's traditional homelands on the northwestern shores of the state of Michigan's Lower Peninsula.
 The historically delineated reservation area, located at , encompasses approximately 336 sqmi of land in Charlevoix and Emmet counties.
 The largest communities within the reservation boundaries are Harbor Springs (formerly known as "L'arbre Croche" in the French colonial era), where the tribal offices are located; Petoskey, where the Tribe operates the Odawa Casino Resort; and Charlevoix.
The Snohomish are a Lushootseed Native American tribe who reside around the Puget Sound area of Washington, north of Seattle.
 They speak the Lushootseed language.
 The tribal spelling of their name is "Sdoh-doh-hohbsh," which means "lowland people" according to the last chief of the Snohomish tribe, Chief William Shelton.
 Some commentators believe a more accurate spelling in the Latin alphabet would be Sdohobich.
Mahafzah, Mahafzeh or Mahaftha is a Jordanian tribe who reside in such places as Kufr Jayiz, Waqqas and Ghor al-Safi (al-Karak).
 It originated in the Karak area, where it participated in the battles of Hittin and `Ayn Jalut and were among those who aided in resisting the Tatar encroachments on Muslim lands, and in particular Jordan and Palestine.
 The Mahafzah were relied upon to help aid a wing of the Muslim armies.
 Several members of the Mahaftha tribe left the small town of Kufr Jayiz in search of education and a better life.
 Today some Mahaftha tribe members reside in Irbid, Amman, Karak, England, Saudi Arabia, UAE and the United States of America, the census of mahfzah members around 3000, Mahafzah tribe has common council in Kufr Jayiz called Mazafah, they meet there in social occasions.
