West Hemlock Creek is a tributary of Hemlock Creek in Montour County and Columbia County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 It is approximately 3.7 mi long and flows through West Hemlock Township, Montour County and Hemlock Township, Columbia County.
 The creek has at least one unnamed tributary.
 West Hemlock Creek and its unnamed tributary are considered by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection to be impaired.
 The watershed of the creek has an area of 2.80 sqmi .
 The creek is designated as a coldwater fishery.
 Rock formations in the watershed include the Catskill Formation and the Trimemrs Rock Formation.
Cedar Creek is an 11.2 mi tributary of the South Fork Eel River in Mendocino County in the U.S. state of California.
 The creek begins southeast of Red Mountain, at an elevation of 778 ft .
 It makes an S-curve west-northwest then bends sharply south, dropping into the valley of the South Fork Eel.
 The confluence is south of the city of Leggett, on the river's right bank.
 The only named tributary of Cedar Creek is Little Cedar Creek, a headwaters tributary.
 Big Dann Creek joins the South Fork Eel on the same bank, just upstream of Cedar Creek, while the next major tributary downstream of Cedar is Rock Creek.
 The Cedar Creek watershed is rugged and has few tributaries.
Upper Deckers Creek Wildlife Management Area, is located about 1 mi north of Reedsville, West Virginia in Preston County.
 Upper Deckers Creek WMA is located on 56 acre , consisting of two small fishing ponds and surrounding forested rolling hills.
Deckers Creek is a 24.6 mi tributary of the Monongahela River that runs through north-central West Virginia.
 It begins west of Arthurdale and flows southeast, then north, then northwest towards Morgantown, where it empties into the Monongahela River.
 The stream has been contaminated by various sources, though largely due to extractive resource mining and improper sewage disposal.
 Recently, a conservation effort has been launched and conditions are improving, as the area continues to develop for recreational purposes.
Wildcat Creek (also known as Millers Creek, Tinklepaugh Creek, or Wild Cat Creek) is a tributary of the Lackawanna River in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 It is approximately 3.8 mi long and flows through Archbald and Blakely.
 The watershed of the creek has an area of 4.49 sqmi .
 It has one named tributary, which is known as West Branch Tinklepaugh Creek.
 The creek may lose flow to coal measures and may receive only intermittent flow even at its source.
 Only the upper reaches of the creek have a natural channel.
 It flows through an open box culvert in its lower reaches.
Cascade is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States.
 Cascade is located along West Virginia Route 7, Deckers Creek, and a CSX Railroad line 1.2 mi northwest of Morgantown.
West Branch Little Muncy Creek is a tributary of Little Muncy Creek in Sullivan County and Lycoming County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 It is approximately 3.5 mi long and flows through Davidson Township in Sullivan County and Franklin Township and Jordan Township in Lycoming County.
 The watershed of the creek has an area of 4.33 sqmi .
 The creek has one named tributary, which is known as West Creek.
 The surficial geology in the vicinity of West Branch Little Muncy Creek includes alluvium, bedrock, fill, Wisconsinan and Reworked Illinoian Till, Wisconsinan Till, Wisconsinan Flow-Till, Wisconsinan Till Moraine, and Boulder Colluvium.
 The creek designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery and is being considered for addition to the wild trout waters list of the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission.
Coles Creek (also known as Cole's Creek) is a tributary of Fishing Creek, in Columbia County, Pennsylvania and Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 It is 6.0 mi long and is the first named tributary of Fishing Creek downstream of where East Branch Fishing Creek and West Branch Fishing Creek meet to form Fishing Creek.
 The creek is on the edge of Columbia County and parts of its watershed are in Luzerne County.
Turkey Creek is a creek and tributary of the Econlockhatchee River located in the community of Narcoossee in Southeast Orlando, in the U.S. State of Florida.
 The source of the 3 mi river is Turkey Creek Bay, which is the northern beginning of the Econlockhatchee River Swamp that extends to Lake Conlin, the source of the Econlockhatchee River.
 From Turkey Creek Bay, the creek flows north and goes under Wewahootee Road and then State Road 528, commonly known as the "Beachline Expressway".
 A tributary of the creek itself, the Green Branch, joins Turkey Creek at about 1100 ft before Turkey Creek joins the Econlockhatchee at .
The Deckers Creek Trail is a rail trail located in West Virginia.
