Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star (often called simply Black Star) is the only studio album by Black Star, a hip hop duo consisting of emcees Talib Kweli and Mos Def (the latter of whom now goes by his new stage name Yasiin Bey).
 The album was released on September 29, 1998, to critical acclaim.
 The title is a reference to the Black Star Line, a shipping line founded by Pan-Africanist Marcus Garvey.
 The album deals with modern-day issues, philosophical ideas, and life in Brooklyn, New York City, as the two artists know it.
Amy Ashwood Garvey (10 January 1897 – 3 May 1969) was a Jamaican Pan-Africanist activist, director of the Black Star Line Steamship Corporation, and founded the "Negro World" newspaper.
 She was married to Marcus Garvey between 1919 and 1922.
The Universal Hip Hop Parade (UHHP) is an annual family-friendly non-profit educational and cultural event held in the historically Black neighbourhood of Bedford Stuyvesant Brooklyn on the Saturday before the anniversary of Marcus Garvey's August 17 birthday to bring to mind that Marcus Garvey himself also used popular culture as a tool to empower people and encouraged the growth of Black institutions.
Marcus Garvey: Look For Me in the Whirlwind is a 2001 television documentary.
 It was produced by Firelight Media for the PBS series "American Experience".
 The film chronicles the rise and fall of Marcus Garvey, a Jamaican national who emigrated to the United States as a laborer in 1917 to then became the leader of the largest black organization in history.
 After 10 years in the United States, he was arrested and deported.
 The film includes interviews with people who were a part of Garvey's revolutionary movement.
Marcus Mosiah Garvey Jr., ONH (17 August 188710 June 1940), was a proponent of Black nationalism in Jamaica and especially the United States.
 He was a leader of a mass movement called Pan-Africanism and he founded the Universal Negro Improvement Association and African Communities League (UNIA-ACL).
 He also founded the Black Star Line, a shipping and passenger line which promoted the return of the African diaspora to their ancestral lands.
 Although most American Black leaders condemned his methods and his support for racial segregation, Garvey attracted a large following.
 The Black Star Line went bankrupt and Garvey was imprisoned for mail fraud in the selling of its stock.
 His movement then rapidly collapsed.
Black Empire was a tongue-in-cheek speculative fiction novel by conservative African-American writer George S. Schuyler originally published under his pseudonym of Samuel I. Brooks.
 The two halves of the book originally ran as weekly serials in the "Pittsburgh Courier".
 "Black Internationale" ran in the "Courier" from November 1936 to July 1937, "Black Empire" ran from October 1937 to April 1938.
 Combined and edited in 1993 by Robert A. Hill and R. Kent Rasmussen, editors at UCLA's Marcus Garvey Papers, the collected novel detailed the attempts of a radical African-American group called the Black Internationale, equipped with superscience and led by the charismatic Doctor Belsidus, who succeed in creating their own independent nation on the African continent.
 The novel is believed to be a lampoon of Marcus Garvey's Back-to-Africa movement and the Black Star Line.
Leo H. Healy (July 4, 1894-December 1962) was the Assistant District Attorney and a Judge in New York City in the 1920s.
 In 1911, he held the title of “World Champion Intercollegiate Orator”.
 He was an attorney for the Black Star Line and in 1923 he was a key government witness in the trial of Marcus Garvey.
 In 1944 he was the defense attorney for the Christian Front, an anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi organization active in the United States from about 1938 until about 1942.
The Black Star of Africa is a black five-pointed star (★) symbolizing Africa in general and Ghana in particular.
 The Black Star Line, founded in 1919 by Marcus Garvey as part of the Back-to-Africa movement, modelled its name on that of the White Star Line, changing the colour from white to black to symbolise ownership by black people rather than white people.
 The black star became a symbol of Pan-Africanism and anti-colonialism.
 Described as the "Lodestar of African Freedom", the black star was used in 1957 by Theodosia Okoh in the design of the Flag of Ghana.
Robert A. Hill (born October 1943) is a Jamaican historian and academic, who moved to the United States in the 1970s.
 He is Professor Emeritus of History and Research Professor at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and Visiting Fellow at The Sir Arthur Lewis Institute of Social and Economic Studies (SALISES), University of the West Indies at Mona, Jamaica.
 A leading scholar on Marcus Garvey, Hill has lectured and written widely on the Garvey movement, and has been editor-in-chief of "The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers" for more than 30 years.
 Reviewing the first volume in 1984, Eric Foner wrote: "'The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers' will take its place among the most important records of the Afro-American experience."
The Black Star Line (1919−1922) was a shipping line incorporated by Marcus Garvey, the organizer of the Universal Negro Improvement Association (UNIA), and other members of the UNIA.
 The shipping line was created to facilitate the transportation of goods and eventually African Americans throughout the African global economy.
 It derived its name from the White Star Line, a line whose success Garvey felt he could duplicate.
 Black Star Line became a key part of Garvey's contribution to the Back-to-Africa movement.
 It was one among many businesses which the UNIA originated, such as the Universal Printing House, Negro Factories Corporation, and the widely distributed and highly successful "Negro World" weekly newspaper.
