Truly is an American rock band formed in the wake of the grunge era.
 It featured singer-guitarist Robert Roth, bassist Hiro Yamamoto, and drummer Mark Pickerel.
 Yamamoto and Pickerel were founding members respectively of Soundgarden and Screaming Trees.
 While not a commercially successful group like some of their Seattle contemporaries, the band lasted a decade with two studio albums to their name.
The surnames in Nepal are based on the caste system.
 Most of the Nepalese surnames are of Indo-Aryan languages (like Adhikari, Acharya, Bhandari).
 Rest are of Tibetan and Indigenous origin.
 Surnames of some Tibeto-Burman ethnic groups like Kirant Rai have Hindu surnames Rai (surname) due to Sanskritization.
 Most Newar families have surnames of Indo-Aryan origin due to greater influence of Lichchhavi and Malla (Nepal) kingdoms.
 Khas families bear considerable number of toponyms (like Ghimire, Pokharel) and occupational names such as Thapa, Karki.
 Many derive family names from their caste or ethnic group like Gurung, Tamang.
 The most common surname in Nepal is Shrestha
South Bergish (German: "Südbergische Dialekte ") or Upper Bergish (German: "Oberbergische Dialekte ") is a group of German dialects of the Bergisches Land Region East of the Rhine and approximately south of the Wupper and north of the Sieg.
 These dialects are part of the Ripuarian group and thus are also called East Ripuarian.
 Ripuarian dialects are also spoken west of the Rhine up to the German border, and in some small areas next to the respective borders in Belgium and in the Netherlands.
 Ripuarian Bergish dialects belong to the Middle German group, and thus are varieties of High German, where they belong to the northmost ones.
 In the North, they border to the East Bergish and the West Bergish aka Low Bergish language groups, which are part of the Low Franconian group like Dutch.
Uyoku dantai (右翼団体 , "right wing group[s]") are Japanese ultranationalist far-right groups.
Poems, Chiefly in the Scottish Dialect commonly known as the Kilmarnock volume or Kilmarnock edition, is a collection of poetry by Robert Burns, first printed and issued by John Wilson of Kilmarnock on 31 July 1786.
 It was the first published edition of Burns' work.
 It cost 3 shillings and 612 copies were printed.
 The volume was dedicated to Gavin Hamilton.
 The Kilmarnock volume contained, besides satire, a number of poems like "Halloween" (written in 1785), "The Twa Dogs" and "The Cotter's Saturday Night," which are vividly descriptive of the Scots peasant life with which he was most familiar; and a group like "Puir Mailie" and "To a Mouse", which, in the tenderness of their treatment of animals, revealed one of the most attractive sides of Burns' personality.
Otoya Yamaguchi (山口 二矢 , "Yamaguchi Otoya" , February 22, 1943 – November 2, 1960) was a Japanese ultranationalist who assassinated Inejiro Asanuma, a politician and head of the Japan Socialist Party.
 Yamaguchi was a member of a right-wing Uyoku dantai group, and assassinated Asanuma by yoroidōshi on October 12, 1960, at Tokyo's Hibiya Hall during a political debate in advance of parliamentary elections.
Kazutaka Komori (小森 一孝 , Komori Kazutaka" , 1943 – November 1971) was a Japanese political ultranationalist activist and a member of a right-wing Uyoku dantai group close to Satoshi Akao.
 In 1960, at the age of 17, Komori went to the home of prominent Tokyo publisher Hoji Shimanaka with the intent to kill him in retribution for a fiction story by Shichirō Fukazawa printed in one of Shimanaka's magazines that described the overthrow and murder of the Japanese Imperial family.
 Shimanaka was not at home but Komori murdered a maid and stabbed the publisher's wife.
Japanese Culture Channel Sakura (日本文化チャンネル桜 , Nihon Bunka Channeru Sakura ) is a Japanese television channel and video-sharing website.
 It is known for its support for uyoku dantai and Japanese right-wing, nationalist causes.
 It is also called Channel Sakura.
 It was founded in 2004 and the main spokesperson is Satoru Mizushima.
Mystechs (sometimes referred to as The Mystechs) is an electronic/punk music group formed in 1998 in Chicago, Illinois.
 The band's lineup consists of keyboardist/songwriter Emil Hyde joined by a host of other musicians and collaborators.
 Their music covers a wide range of genres from indie rock to new wave, hip hop and heavy metal.
 The Mystechs began as an electronica group, gradually incorporating other genres to their sound.
 Hyde says of the band, "Mystechs began as a nice, normal, female-fronted trip-hop group like Portishead or Esthero".
Isao Hayashi (林伊佐緒 , Hayashi Isao , May 11, 1912—September 29, 1995) was a Japanese popular music and military music singer and composer.
 He took part in the Japan's famous year-end show "Kōhaku Uta Gassen" eleven times.
 One of well-known songs composed by him is the military song "Shussei Heishi o Okuru Uta" (出征兵士を送る歌 , "Song for Giving Warriors a Send-off") , which propaganda vehicles of "uyoku dantai" have aired in Japan.
