Serial Killers Ink is a website dedicated to selling "murderabilia" (collectibles related to murders, murderers or other violent crimes) and serial killer art, interviewing convicted serial killers and also serves as a meeting place for those interested or involved in the murderabilia industry.
Nadia Fezzani is a Canadian journalist/author who has conducted extensive research about and interviews with many notorious American serial killers.
 She is known in Europe as having interviewed American serial killer Richard Cottingham for a French documentary that first aired on TF1, "Enquêtes et révélations".
 The first person to interview Cottingham in 30 years, Fezzani got him to admit his culpability for the first time, as well as many more murders.
Female Serial Killers: How and Why Women Become Monsters is a non-fiction true crime history by Peter Vronsky, a criminal justice historian.
 It surveys the history of female serial killers and female-perpetrated serial homicide, its culture, psychopathology, and its investigation from the Roman Empire to the mid-2000s.
Micajah "Big" Harpe, born Joshua Harper (before 1768 (probably, c. 1748) – August 1799) and Wiley "Little" Harpe, born William Harper (before 1770 (probably, c. 1750) – February 8, 1804), were serial killers, murderers, highwaymen, and river pirates, who operated in Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, and Mississippi, in the late eighteenth century.
 The Harpes' crimes appear to have been motivated more by blood lust than financial gain.
 They are most likely the United States' first known serial killers, reckoned from the colonial era forward.
 The Harpe Brothers are credited with having killed thirty-nine people, and may have killed as many as fifty.
Patrick Wayne Kearney (born September 24, 1939) is an American serial killer who preyed on young men in California during the 1970s.
 He is sometimes referred to as "The Freeway Killer", a nickname he shares with two other – separate – serial killers, William Bonin and Randy Steven Kraft.
 Kearney may be among the most prolific serial killers in United States history, claiming possibly as many as 43 victims according to law enforcement.
Macabre is an extreme metal band from Chicago, Illinois.
 They blend thrash metal, death metal, and grindcore (sometimes with nursery rhymes and folk melodies) to form their own unique style dubbed murder metal.
 Lyrically, they have a strong focus on serial killers, mass murderers and a touch of sick gore humor.
 Most lyrics are based upon true stories and are about real infamous personalities.
 The content of the lyrics is historically accurate, and band members actually have known and met with convicted serial killers such as John Wayne Gacy on a personal level.
 They also have a side project called the "Macabre Minstrels" that play acoustic camp fire songs.
 Their current label is Decomposed Records.
My Life Among the Serial Killers: Inside the Minds of the World's Most Notorious Murderers is a book written by Helen Morrison, M.D and Harold Goldberg.
 It presents the cases of ten serial killers, and touches on many more.
 Morrison spent hundreds of hours in face-to-face interviews, over many years, with several of the subjects.
 She uses the individual stories to explain and put forth her ideas on what makes a serial killer.
Serial Killers is a musical group composed of B-Real, Xzibit, and Demrick.
 The group was formed in 2013 and released their first album on October 31 of the same year.
 In 2013 Serial Killers teamed up with music video director Matt Alonzo to create a video for their first single, "The First 48".
Harvey Miguel Robinson (born December 6, 1974) is an American serial killer who is a prisoner on death row in Pennsylvania.
 He is one of the youngest serial killers in American history.
 He was 18 years old when he was apprehended for his crimes.
 He is also the first serial killer in the history of Allentown, Pennsylvania.
James Davidson was born in Lincoln County, Kentucky.
 He was the son of George Davidson, a captain in the Revolutionary War.
 He and his twin brother, Michael, married sisters; the sisters, Lucretia and Jane Ballenger, were granddaughters of Kentucky pioneer and eventual state treasurer John Logan.
 James Davidson was among the first to report the presence of notorious outlaws the Harpe brothers near the city of Stanford, their first reported appearance in Kentucky.
