John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999), often referred to as JFK Jr. or John John, was an American lawyer, journalist, and magazine publisher.
 He was a son of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and a younger brother of former Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy.
 His father was assassinated, just three days before his third birthday.
Kenneth O'Donnell (March 4, 1924 – September 9, 1977) was an American political consultant and the special assistant and appointments secretary to President John F. Kennedy from 1961 until Kennedy's assassination in November 1963.
 O'Donnell was a close friend of President Kennedy and his younger brother Robert F. Kennedy, and was part of the group of Kennedy's close advisers dubbed the "Irish Mafia."
Rose Kennedy Schlossberg (born June 25, 1988) is an American actress and the oldest child of Caroline Kennedy and first-born grandchild of U.S. President John F. Kennedy.
 She is a 2010 graduate of Harvard University.
 Schlossberg has been described as a look-alike of her grandmother, First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
 In 2013, Schlossberg, along with Mara Nelson-Greenberg, co-launched "End Time Girls Club", an end time-apocalyptic web television comedy series on YouTube.
The autopsy of President John F. Kennedy was performed, beginning at about 8 p.m. EST November 22, 1963, on the day of his assassination and ending at about 12:30 AM EST November 23, 1963, at the Bethesda Naval Hospital in Bethesda, Maryland.
 The choice of autopsy hospital in the Washington, D.C. area was made by his widow, Jacqueline Kennedy.
 She chose the Bethesda Naval Hospital because President Kennedy had been a naval officer.
Mark Shaw (June 25, 1921 – January 26, 1969) was an American fashion and celebrity photographer in the 1950s and 1960s.
 He worked for "Life" magazine from 1952 to 1968, during which time 27 issues of "Life" carried cover photos by Shaw.
 Shaw's work also appeared in "Esquire", "Harper's Bazaar", "Mademoiselle", and many other publications.
 He is best known for his photographs of John F. Kennedy, his wife Jacqueline Kennedy, and their children, Caroline and John F. Kennedy, Jr. In 1964, many of these images were published in the book "The John F. Kennedys: A Family Album", which became a bestseller.
Carolyn Jeanne Kennedy (January 7, 1966July 16, 1999) was a publicist for Calvin Klein and the wife of John F. Kennedy Jr., the son of President John F. Kennedy and Jacqueline Onassis.
 Upon her marriage, Kennedy's relationship with her husband and her fashion sense became the subject of intense media scrutiny, drawing comparisons to her mother-in-law.
A pink Chanel suit was worn by Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy on November 22, 1963, when her husband, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas.
 Made of wool bouclé, the double-breasted, strawberry pink and navy trim collared suit was matched with a trademark matching pink pillbox hat and white gloves.
 After President Kennedy was assassinated, Jacqueline Kennedy insisted on wearing the suit, stained with his blood, during the swearing-in of Lyndon B. Johnson on Air Force One and for the flight back to Washington, D.C. with the President’s body.
Newton D. Baker House, also known as Jacqueline Kennedy House, is a historic house at 3017 N Street NW in Washington, D.C..
 Built in 1794, it was home of Newton D. Baker, who was Secretary of War, during 1916-1920, while "he presided over America's mass mobilization of men and material in World War I.
 After the assassination of president John F. Kennedy in 1963, Jacqueline Kennedy purchased the house and lived here for about a year.
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (August 7, 1963 – August 9, 1963) was the last child of United States President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy.
 He was the younger brother of Caroline and John Jr., and had a third sibling who was stillborn.
 Born prematurely, Patrick Bouvier Kennedy lived just over 39 hours before desperate attempts to save him failed, putting the First Family and nation into mourning.
 Three months later, his death was eclipsed by his father's assassination, but eventually his short lifespan led to innovations in treatment of premature infants, which gave rise to the pediatric subspecialty neonatology.
Barnstable County Hospital was a hospital operated by Barnstable County, Massachusetts which was operational from the late 1800s to 1995.
 It was located in Pocasset, a village in Bourne.
 It was used after its closing as a medical examiner's office until 1999, when it was finally closed for good.
 The hospital was the location of the autopsy of John F. Kennedy Jr., his wife, and her sister after their deaths.
 Within the county, it was officially run by the Barnstable County Hospital Department, until the hospital was closed on May 1, 1995.
 In 2003, an agreement was entered which would allow for the creation of affordable housing on the site of the hospital.
 The site was completely leveled, with the exception of two buildings.
