Stephen Davies is a film and television actor.
 Stephen grew up Berkley, Michigan.
 His family then moved to Troy, Michigan.
 He started his acting career at Berkley High School, graduating in 1968, then attended Wayne State University for a few years.
 He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1975.
Peter Seamus O'Toole ( ; 2 August 1932 – 14 December 2013) was an Anglo-Irish stage and film actor.
 He attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and began working in the theatre, gaining recognition as a Shakespearean actor at the Bristol Old Vic and with the before making his film debut in 1959.
Ellis Jones (born 15 November 1943) is a British director and actor.
 In recent years he has been involved in training and directing, for sixteen years as a resident director at London's Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), and subsequently as a guest director for other leading drama schools in London and abroad, including the Royal Central School and the Shanghai Theatre Academy, and as a consultant to the New York University Tisch School of the Arts.
 He became known for his role as the young apprentice Hal Adden, in the 1970s children's comedy series "Pardon My Genie".
 He went on to appear in many other television productions, such as "The Squirrels", "1914 All Out", "King Lear" and "Measure for Measure" Having worked extensively in recent years in theatre training, directing and producing, Ellis Jones recently made a cautious return to performing, as understudy to Kenneth Cranham in London's West End and on tour in Florian Zeller's award-winning play "The Father".
Bernard Lloyd (born 30 January 1934) is a Welsh actor noted for his television roles.
 He attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and he has performed with the Royal Shakespeare Company.
David Mark Morrissey (born 21 June 1964) is an English actor, director, producer and screenwriter.
 At the age of 18, he was cast in the television series "One Summer" (1983).
 After making "One Summer," Morrissey attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, then acted with the Royal Shakespeare Company and the National Theatre for four years.
Kevin Trainor is an Irish actor from Kilkeel, County Down, Northern Ireland.
 He attended St Colman's College in Newry before attending Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he read English.
 After Cambridge, Trainor trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art from 2001 to 2004 (making an early cameo appearance in the 2001 film "The Hole") and appeared in the 2005 Royal Shakespeare Company season.
Tomahawk is a theatre company based in Oxford, South East England.
 Founded in 2005 by Alex Nicholls and Oliver Baird among others, experienced personnel work alongside young actors, directors and technicians, many of whom have gone on to train in London at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA) and Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts.
Richard Samuel Attenborough, Baron Attenborough, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; 29 August 1923 – 24 August 2014) was an English actor, filmmaker, entrepreneur, and politician.
 He was the President of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA).
 Attenborough joined the Royal Air Force during World War II and served in the film unit.
 He went on several bombing raids over Europe and filmed action from the rear gunner's position.
Hugh Sinclair (19 May 1903 – 29 December 1962) was a British actor born in London, England, the son of a clergyman.
 He was educated at Charterhouse School and a graduate of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
 His first marriage was to the actress Valerie Taylor.
 In his book "The Stage Struck Me!"
 fellow actor Neville Phillips felt Sinclair always played variations of himself, handsome, debonair, suave and witty and excelled in light comedy.
 By contrast Phillips felt his wife, who Sinclair often appeared opposite, was a dramatic actress of tremendous power with a magnificent voice.
Sir Kenneth Charles Branagh ( ; born 10 December 1960) is a Northern Irish actor, director, producer, and screenwriter originally from Belfast.
 Branagh trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, and in 2015 succeeded Richard Attenborough as its President.
 He has directed or starred in several film adaptations of William Shakespeare's plays, including "Henry V" (1989) (for which he was nominated for the Academy Awards for Best Actor and Best Director), "Much Ado About Nothing" (1993), "Othello" (1995), "Hamlet" (1996) (for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay), "Love's Labour's Lost" (2000), and "As You Like It" (2006).
