Alexander Valerievich Radulov (Russian: Александр Валерьевич Радулов ; born 5 July 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey player, currently playing for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He had previously had two separate stints with the Nashville Predators, the NHL team which had drafted him, as well as 8 seasons in the Kontinental Hockey League, split evenly between Salavat Yulaev Ufa and CSKA Moscow.
Michael Thomas Modano Jr. ( ; born June 7, 1970) is a retired American professional ice hockey player, who played primarily for the Minnesota North Stars/Dallas Stars franchise.
 He is the all-time goal-scoring and points leader amongst American-born players in the NHL, as well as the last active player in the NHL who played for the North Stars when the team was in Minnesota.
 Modano was drafted first overall by the North Stars in 1988, and after the team moved to Texas he helped the Stars win the Stanley Cup in 1999.
 Modano played his final NHL season with his hometown team, the Detroit Red Wings.
 Modano is considered one of the most influential figures in popularizing hockey in Texas and the southern United States.
 Modano was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on November 17, 2014.
 In 2017, he was named one of the 100 Greatest NHL Players.
The 2010–11 Dallas Mavericks season was the 31st season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The Mavericks won the NBA Championship after defeating the Miami Heat in 6 games in the 2011 NBA Finals.
 The Mavs playoff run came with a 6-game first round series against the Portland Trail Blazers, a series in which the Mavericks blew a 23-point lead in Game 4, but still won the series.
 In the conference semi-finals, the Mavericks run was motivated with a sweep of the champions of the previous two seasons, the Los Angeles Lakers.
 The series against the Lakers also became the birth of the Mavericks Royal Blue-Out games in the AAC, with almost all fans wearing T-shirts that read "The Time is Now".
 In the Western Conference Finals against the Oklahoma City Thunder, the Mavericks won the last 3 games winning by 4th quarter comebacks, to win their second Western Conference Championship, and a trip to the NBA Finals for the first time since 2006, with a rematch against the Heat.
 Following a disappointing Game 1, the Mavericks pulled the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history in Game 2 to even the series at 1 game each.
 After a loss in Game 3, the Mavericks won the last two games in Dallas to take a 3–2 series lead heading to Game 6 in Miami.
 The Mavericks won their first NBA Championship in Game 6 to clinch the first major sports championship in the Dallas-Fort Worth area since the Dallas Stars in 1999, and the first title in Mavericks franchise history.
 The Mavericks are the third team to win an NBA title in the state of Texas, joining the Houston Rockets and San Antonio Spurs.
 The Mavericks are also the third team to win a major sports championship in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, joining the Dallas Cowboys' five Super Bowl titles and the Dallas Stars' only Stanley Cup, leaving the Texas Rangers as the only team to not win a major sports title in the area, as they have not won the World Series.
 The Mavericks championship parade was held on June 16, 2011 in downtown Dallas.
The Dallas Stars are an American professional ice hockey team based in Dallas, Texas.
 They play in the Central Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL).
 The team joined the NHL in 1967 as an expansion team as the Minnesota North Stars, but moved to Dallas in 1993.
 The Stars won their first Stanley Cup championship in 1999.
 Having first played at the Reunion Arena, the Stars have played their home games at the American Airlines Center since 2001.
 The Stars are owned by Tom Gaglardi, Jim Nill is their general manager, and Jamie Benn is the team captain.
Aaron Douglas Downey (born August 27, 1974) is a Canadian professional ice hockey coach and former player.
 Downey played 13 seasons of professional ice hockey and played 243 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens, Chicago Blackhawks, St. Louis Blues, Boston Bruins, Dallas Stars and Detroit Red Wings.
 He was not drafted by either an NHL team or a major junior team.
 Downey was mostly known for his role as an enforcer.
 Downey also played in the minor leagues for the Manitoba Moose, Portland Pirates, Providence Bruins, Norfolk Admirals, Hampton Roads Admirals and the Grand Rapids Griffins.
The Dallas Stars are a professional ice hockey team based in Dallas, Texas.
 They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 The team was founded during the 1967 NHL expansion as the Minnesota North Stars, based in Bloomington, Minnesota.
 Before the beginning of the 1978–79 NHL season, the team merged with the Cleveland Barons after the league granted them permission due to each team's respective financial struggles.
 Ultimately, the franchise relocated to Dallas for the 1993–94 NHL season.
 The Stars played out of Reunion Arena from their relocation until 2001, when the team moved less than 1.5 miles into the American Airlines Center.
The Minnesota North Stars were an American professional ice hockey team based in Bloomington, Minnesota, a city in the U.S. metropolitan statistical area of Minneapolis – St. Paul – Bloomington, Minnesota–Wisconsin.
 The team joined the NHL in 1967 as an expansion team with five other teams; the Cleveland Barons, another 1967 NHL expansion team, were merged with the North Stars in the 1978–79 season.
 The North Stars played in the Stanley Cup Finals twice: as the Prince of Wales Conference champions in the 1980–81 season, and in the 1990–91 season after winning the Clarence S. Campbell Bowl, but lost in both Finals.
 The North Stars played their home games at the Met Center.
 The team relocated to Dallas, Texas in 1993, after former owner Norman Green announced that he was moving the team to Dallas's Reunion Arena in search of a better economic situation, and are now known as the Dallas Stars.
 The North Stars played in the Norris Division of the Clarence Campbell Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL) in their last season.
 There were 16 head coaches for the North Stars team.
Brett Andrew Hull (born August 9, 1964) is a Canadian-born American former National Hockey League (NHL) player and general manager, and currently an executive vice president of the St. Louis Blues.
 He played for the Calgary Flames, St. Louis Blues, Dallas Stars, Detroit Red Wings and Phoenix Coyotes between 1986 and 2005.
 His career total of 741 goals is the fourth highest in NHL history, and he is one of five players to score 50 goals in 50 games.
 He was a member of two Stanley Cup winning teams - 1999 with the Dallas Stars and 2002 with the Detroit Red Wings.
 His championship winning goal for Dallas in overtime of game six of the 1999 Stanley Cup Finals remains the focus of debate over whether it was scored within the rules of the time.
 On January 27, 2017, in a ceremony during the All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles, Hull was part of the second group of players to be named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players' in history.
Antoine Roussel (born 21 November 1989) is a French/Canadian professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Born in France, Roussel first played hockey there before moving to Quebec at the age of 16.
 After four years in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL), he turned professional and played in the American Hockey League (AHL) and ECHL, minor leagues in North America.
 Signed by the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL) in 2012, he made his NHL debut in 2013 for the club.
 Regarded as a physical player, Roussel has consistently been one of the NHL's leaders in penalty minutes throughout his career, though he has also scored at least 10 goals and 20 points in every season he has played in the NHL, except for his rookie season in 2012-13.
 Internationally Roussel has represented the French national team both at the junior and senior level, including multiple World Championships.
Jarkko Varvio (April 28, 1972 in Tampere, Finland) is a retired Finnish ice hockey player who had a very brief stint in the NHL.
 Varvio was drafted by Minnesota North Stars in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft.
 He was the top scorer at the 1992 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships in Czechoslovakia.
 However, his only two active seasons in the NHL were in 1993-94 and 1994-95 with the Dallas Stars.
 In 13 career games, he notched three goals, four assists (for seven points), and had four penalty minutes.
 Jarkko scored his first NHL goal in his first NHL game, which was also the first game Dallas Stars played as the Stars since leaving Minnesota.
 After his time with the Stars Varvio bounced around Europe playing in various leagues.
 Varvio last played for Ravensburg EV in Germany's GerObL before retiring in 2005.
