The Dhar iron pillar is a now-fragmented iron column located in the Dhar town of Madhya Pradesh, India.
 The exact origins of the pillar are unknown, but according to the local tradition, it was a victory column erected by the 11th century Paramara king Bhoja.
The Pestsäule (English: Plague Column ) or Dreifaltigkeitssäule (English: Trinity Column ) is a Holy Trinity column located on the Graben, a street in the inner city of Vienna, Austria.
 Erected after the Great Plague epidemic in 1679, the Baroque memorial is one of the most well-known and prominent sculptural pieces of art in the city.
The Column of Saint Zanobi (it:Colonna di San Zanobi) is a monumental marble column, surmounted by a cross above a crown of fire, located just north of the Bapstistery of San Giovanni in Florence, Italy.
The San Jacinto Monument is a 567.31 ft column located on the Houston Ship Channel in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States, near the city of Houston.
 The monument is topped with a 220-ton star that commemorates the site of the Battle of San Jacinto, the decisive battle of the Texas Revolution.
 The monument, constructed between 1936 and 1939 and dedicated on April 21, 1939, is the world's tallest masonry column and is part of the San Jacinto Battleground State Historic Site.
 By comparison, the Washington Monument is 554.612 ft tall, but remains the tallest stone monument in the world.
 The column is an octagonal shaft topped with a 34 ft Lone Star – the symbol of Texas.
 Visitors can take an elevator to the monument's observation deck for a view of Houston and the Battleship Texas (see USS "Texas" ).
The Column of the Vicariate or Colonna della Vicaria was a simple white marble column on a pedestal that formerly stood outside the Castel Capuano along Via dei Tribunali in Naples, Italy.
 It was used by the government first as a place for punishment of debtors.
Alexander II Column, also known as Alexander's column or Monument to Alexander II of Russia, is a triumphal column located in Shevchenko, Odessa and is commemorated to the visit of Russian Emperor Alexander II the city of Odessa in 1875.
The Column of Phocas (Italian: "Colonna di Foca" ) is a Roman monumental column in the Roman Forum of Rome, Italy.
 Erected before the Rostra and dedicated or rededicated in honour of the Eastern Roman Emperor Phocas on August 1, 608, it was the last addition made to the "Forum Romanum".
 The fluted Corinthian column stands 13.6 m (44 ft) tall on its cubical white marble socle.
 On stylistic grounds, the column seems to have been made in the 2nd century for an unknown structure, and then recycled for the present monument.
 Likewise, the socle was recycled from its original use supporting a statue dedicated to Diocletian; the former inscription was chiselled away to provide a space for the later text.
Piazza Colonna is a piazza at the center of the Rione of Colonna in the historic heart of Rome, Italy.
 It is named for the marble Column of Marcus Aurelius, which has stood there since AD 193.
 The bronze statue of Saint Paul that crowns the column was placed in 1589, by order of Pope Sixtus V.
 The Roman Via Lata (now the Via del Corso) runs through the piazza's eastern end, from south to north.
The Peace Column (German: Friedenssäule) is a column located in Mehringplatz in Berlin, Germany.
 Designed by Christian Gottlieb Cantian and erected in 1843, the 19-meter column is topped with a brass status of Victoria, goddess of victory, designed by Christian Daniel Rauch.
 In 1876, allegories of the four victorious allies of [Battle of Waterloo|Waterloo]] (or Belle Alliance in Prussian historiography) were added, and in 1879 two more sculptures followed: "The Peace" by Albert Wolff and "Clio", writing the history of the Wars of Liberation (Befreiungskriege) by .
The Colonna dell'Abbondanza is a monumental column located in the Piazza della Repubblica in Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.
