Star Trek is an American science fiction media franchise based on the television series created by Gene Roddenberry.
 The first television series, simply called "Star Trek" and now referred to as "", debuted in 1966 and aired for three seasons on the television network NBC.
 It followed the interstellar adventures of Captain James T Kirk (William Shatner) and his crew aboard the starship USS "Enterprise", a space exploration vessel, built by the interstellar federal republic United Federation of Planets in the twenty-third century.
 The "Star Trek" canon of the franchise includes "The Original Series", an animated series, five spin-off television series, and its film franchise in addition to further adaptations made in several media since the original.
Hikaru Kato Sulu is a fictional character in the "Star Trek" media franchise.
 Originally known simply as "Sulu", he was portrayed by George Takei in the .
 Sulu also appears in the , the first six "Star Trek" movies, one episode of "", and in numerous books, comics, and video games.
 Sulu's first name, "Hikaru", appeared in a 1981 novel well over a decade after the original series had ended.
 John Cho assumed the role of the character in both the 2009 film "Star Trek" and its sequels, "Star Trek Into Darkness" and "Star Trek Beyond".
Star Trek III: The Search for Spock is a 1984 American science fiction film directed by Leonard Nimoy and based on the created by Gene Roddenberry.
 It is the third film in the "Star Trek" film series, and is the second part of a three-film story arc that begins with "" (1982) and concludes with "" (1986).
 After the death of Spock (Nimoy), the crew of the USS "Enterprise" returns to Earth.
 When James T. Kirk (William Shatner) learns that Spock's spirit, or katra, is held in the mind of Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy (DeForest Kelley), Kirk and company steal the "Enterprise" to return Spock's body to his home planet.
 The crew must also contend with hostile Klingons led by Kruge (Christopher Lloyd) who are bent on stealing the secrets of a powerful terraforming device.
Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology is a 1980 book written and edited by Stan and Fred Goldstein, and illustrated by Rick Sternbach.
 At the time of its publication it was the official history of the "Star Trek" universe.
 The first season of "" used references and dates that indicated that the "Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology" was no longer being followed, and it was eventually replaced by "Star Trek Chronology" as the official history of the "Star Trek" universe.
 In 2006, Pocket Books published "Voyages of Imagination", which expanded "Star Trek Chronology" to include the events of all of the "Star Trek" novels.
Star Trek: Starship Creator is a computer-based vehicle simulation game developed by Imergy and released by Simon & Schuster Interactive in 1998 for both Microsoft Windows and Mac OS, based on the official license of the "Star Trek" franchise.
 Elements in the game were created in conjunction with the technical advisers for the series and films, such as Mike and Denise Okuda.
 The gameplay in "Starship Creator" allowed for the player to equip and crew a series of different starship classes from across the "Star Trek" universe, including those from both the various series and the film series.
 An expanded version was subsequently released as Star Trek: Starship Creator Deluxe in late 1999 which added further starships, missions and customization.
 The official website also contained downloads for the characters from the "" series of books.
 Reception by critics for "Starship Creator" was negative, with criticism directed at the gameplay and graphics, and the suggestion was made that the game would only appeal to "Star Trek" fans.
 A sequel followed in 2000 entitled "".
Created by Gene Roddenberry, the science fiction television series "" (which eventually acquired the retronym "Star Trek: The Original Series") starred William Shatner as Captain Kirk, Leonard Nimoy as Mr. Spock, and DeForest Kelley as Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy aboard the fictional Federation starship USS "Enterprise".
 The series originally aired from September 1966 through June 1969 on NBC.
Ömer the Tourist in Star Trek (Turkish: "Turist Ömer Uzay Yolunda" ) is a 1973 Turkish cult comedy science-fiction film, produced and directed by Hulki Saner, featuring Sadri Alışık as a Turkish hobo who is beamed aboard the "Starship Enterprise".
 The film, which is the eighth and final in a series of films featuring Alışık as Ömer the Tourist, is commonly known as "Turkish Star Trek" because of plot and stylistic elements parodied from "" episode "The Man Trap" (1966) as well as the unauthorized use of footage from the series.
 Although unofficial and part of another franchise, it is the first movie taking place in Star Trek universe, filmed 6 years before the official .
Spock is a fictional character in the "Star Trek" media franchise.
 Spock was first portrayed by Leonard Nimoy in the , and also appears in the , a two-part episode of "", eight of the "Star Trek" feature films, and numerous Star Trek novels, comics, and video games.
 In addition, numerous actors portrayed the various stages of Spock's rapid growth, due to the effects of the Genesis Planet, in the 1984 Star Trek film "".
 In the 2009 film "Star Trek", Nimoy reprised his role with Zachary Quinto, who depicted a younger version of the character, existing within an alternate timeline.
 Both reprised their roles in the 2013 sequel "Star Trek Into Darkness" and Quinto reprised his role again in 2016's "Star Trek Beyond".
Jackson DeForest Kelley (January 20, 1920 – June 11, 1999) was an American actor, screenwriter, poet and singer known for his roles in Westerns and as Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy of the USS "Enterprise" in the television and film series "Star Trek".
Dr. Leonard H. "Bones" McCoy is a character in the American science fiction franchise "Star Trek".
 First portrayed by DeForest Kelley in the , McCoy also appears in the , six "Star Trek" films, the pilot episode of "", and in numerous books, comics, and video games.
 Karl Urban assumed the role of the character in the 2009 film "Star Trek", and its sequels, 2013's "Star Trek Into Darkness" and 2016's "Star Trek Beyond".
