The Vice President of Panama is the second-highest political position in the Government of Panama.
 Since 2009, the position of Vice President has been held by only one person.
 Previously, there were positions of First Vice President and Second Vice President, also known as First Designate to Presidency ("Primer Designado a la Presidencia") and Second Designate ("Segundo Designado a la Presidencia").
 According to the current constitution, Vice Presidents are elected in the same ticket as the President.
 However, the position of Second Vice President has been abolished since 2009.
Abteilungsleiter ("section leader"), German for department head, was also a mid-level administrative political position of the Nazi Party, often held by staff political officers attached to various "Gaue" throughout Germany.
 The position of Abteilungsleiter was not an actual Nazi Party political rank, but a title held by a Party member in addition to their formal rank.
 The position was first created in 1933, after the Nazis had secured power in Germany.
Pub.L.
 113–167 (formerly the bill ), a United States public law, that is entitled "to amend the Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act to clarify how the Act applies to condominiums," is a bill that was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress.
 The Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act of 1968 was passed in 1968 with the intention of helping protect consumers from land-related scams, but regulating the sale of land across state lines.
 The act requires sellers to prepare center information about the piece of property they are trying to sell and disclose it in a "Property Report."
 The law was originally administered by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, but is currently run by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
 H.R. 2600 would make changes to this law related to condominiums.
Hannah "Annie" Elizabeth Rolinson Gale (December 29, 1876 – August 7, 1970) was a British-born Canadian politician who was the first woman to hold an elected political position in Canada.
Attorney misconduct is unethical or illegal conduct by an attorney.
 Attorney Misconduct may include: conflict of interest, over billing, refusing to represent a client for political or professional motives, false or misleading statements, hiding evidence, abandoning a client, failing to disclose all relevant facts, arguing a position while neglecting to disclose prior law which might counter the argument, and" in some instances" having sex with a client.
The Democracy Is Strengthened by Casting Light On Spending in Elections Act, commonly known as the DISCLOSE Act and also known as H.R. 5175 (S.3628-Senate), was a bill introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Chris Van Hollen (D-Maryland) on April 29, 2010 and in the U.S. Senate by Charles Schumer (D-New York) on July 21, 2010.
Although attempts to regulate campaign finance by legislation date back to 1867, the modern era of "campaign finance reform" in the United States begins with the passage of the Federal Election Campaign Act (FECA) of 1971 and, more importantly, 1974 amendments to that Act.
 The 1971 FECA required candidates to disclose sources of campaign contributions and campaign expenditures.
 The 1974 Amendments essentially rewrote the Act from top to bottom.
 The 1974 Amendments placed statutory limits on contributions by individuals for the first time, and created the Federal Election Commission (FEC) as an independent enforcement agency.
 It provided for broad new disclosure requirements, and limited the amounts that candidates could spend on their campaigns, or that citizens could spend separate from candidate campaigns to promote their political views.
 Specifically, it attempted to restrict the influence of wealthy individuals by limiting individual donations to $1,000 and donations by political action committees (PACs) to $5,000.
 However, the Act's provisions limiting expenditures were struck down as unconstitutional in the 1976 Supreme Court decision Buckley v. Valeo.
World Tamil Movement (abbreviated WTM) is a non-profit organization created in 1986 run by Canadians of ethnic Tamil heritage.
 Its president was Sitha Sithampalam until June, 2008.
 The organisation has functioned as a community group that offers services such as translation, vocational training and a library for the Tamil population in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 It further organised cultural and sports leagues, and classes to help women and children integrate into the larger Canadian society.
 It was further involved in relief efforts for the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake.
 It has also openly declared itself to share the politics of Sri Lankan Tamil nationalism, stating "It's no secret that the World Tamil Movement supports the right of the Tamil people to self-determination in the Northern and Eastern part of Sri Lanka.
 This is a political position – perhaps one that not everyone will agree with, but one that we are constitutionally entitled to hold."
In Norway, a State Secretary (Norwegian: "statssekretær" ) is a partisan political position within the executive branch of government.
 Contrary to the position Secretary of State in many other countries, the Norwegian State Secretary does not head his or her Ministry, rather, they are second in rank to a Minister.
 Resembling a "de facto" vice minister, the State Secretary, however, cannot attend a Council of State, and does not act as a temporary Minister in case of illness or other leave of absence.
Modernization of Investigative Techniques Act, Bill-C74 was first introduced in the Canadian House of Commons on November 15, 2005.
 Introduced as a part of a package of “lawful access” proposals, Modernization of Investigative Techniques Act (MITA) if passed, would have required telephone and internet service providers to design, create and maintain interception capabilities into existing networks and into new technologies as they are introduced into Canada.
 Second, it would have allowed law enforcement to compel telephone and internet service providers to disclose subscriber information without a warrant.
 The bill failed to pass into law when Parliament was dissolved on November 28, 2005.
 Lawful access legislation was, however, was re-introduced under the name Bill C-13 (short titled Protecting Canadians from Online Crime Act) by Stephen Harper's Conservative government on November 20, 2013 and it passed through all legislative stages to receive royal assent on December 9, 2014.
