Winnebago Deal are a rock music band from Oxford, United Kingdom.
 They started life in the late 1990s at Bartholomew School in Eynsham, with Ben Perrier (vocals, guitar) and Ben Thomas (then on guitar) writing songs then recruiting a drummer and bass player through an ad.
 They played their first gig in early 1999 and fired the bass player a few months later, with Ben Thomas switching from guitar to bass.
 By the summer of 2000, Perrier and Thomas' dissatisfaction with their drummer led to his departure, with Thomas switching from bass to drums so the band could continue as a two-piece.
 Winnebago Deal now consists of two Bens, Ben Perrier (vocals, guitar) and Ben Thomas (drums).
Zachary Throne (born April 3, 1967 in Hollywood, California) is an American actor and musician who has appeared in a wide number of television, film and stage productions and on numerous rock, pop and soundtrack albums.
 Throne is a self-taught, musician who sings, plays guitar, bass, drums, and piano – and is self-taught on all instruments.
 He is the son of Malachi Throne and Judith Merians and is the brother of Joshua Throne.
 He earned a Gold record in 1992 for his work on the soundtrack album to the television series "The Heights", on which he performed guitars, bass, piano and vocals as well as co-starred in the series.
 The album yielded a hit single, "How Do You Talk To An Angel" (on which Zachary performed on) that was #1 on "Billboard" for two weeks in November 1992.
 As an actor, Zachary is best known for playing the recurring role of "Howard", the radio station manager/drug dealer on "Beverly Hills 90210" and for playing "Danny" on the FOX series, "Party Of Five".
 As a singer, Zachary has sung on many TV and radio jingles.
 He provided the singing voice for the character, "Mark Winkle" on the television series, "California Dreams" as well as the singing voice for the character, "Greg Brady" in the films, "The Brady Bunch Movie" and "A Very Brady Sequel".
 Currently, he resides in Las Vegas, Nevada where he performs in many shows.
 From 2012-2014, he was the lead singer/lead guitar player/bass player for the Sin City Sinners, a group that also featured former Faster Pussycat guitarist and co-founder Brent Muscat as well as Slash bass player, Todd Kerns.
 .
 With the group, he recorded two albums, "DIVEBAR Days Revisited" and "A Sinners Christmas 2", both released in 2013.
Double Dagger was a post-punk trio from Baltimore, Maryland composed of only drums, vocals, and a very loud bass guitar which fills the space a guitar would normally take.
 Vocalist Nolen Strals and bassist Bruce Willen also comprised the graphic design team Post Typography, which has done work for some very high-profile clients, including the New York Times.
 Hence, Double Dagger made a habit of referring to their style of post-hardcore as "graphicdesigncore" early in their career.
 In October 2011, Double Dagger broke up after a small final tour.
 Their final EP 333 was released in April 2013 alongside a documentary of their final tour, entitled "If We Shout Loud Enough".
Didi Beck is a German electric bass and double bass player.
 He plays in the rockabilly band, the Boppin'B.
 An accomplished upright bass slap bass player, he teaches slap bass and has written an instruction book on slapping, and a made a video entitled "How to Learn the Rockabilly Slap Bass Starring Didi Beck".
 His rapid, virtuosic slapping technique can be heard online.
Dave Meros (born 8 February 1956 in Salinas, California), is an American bass guitar player, best known as the bass player for progressive rock band Spock's Beard.
 Meros is also currently the bass player for Iron Butterfly and has also played with such artists as Gary Myrick, Bobby Kimball of Toto, Simon Phillips, Steve Lukather, Michael Landau, Glenn Hughes, Mark Lindsay of Paul Revere and the Raiders and Big Big Train, and played for Eric Burdon and The Animals for nearly 16 years.
 He was also tour manager for many of those years and has worked as a tour manager for further artists as well.
 As a bassist, Meros' musical influences are varied, including Paul McCartney, John Entwistle, Chris Squire, James Jamerson, Marcus Miller, Francis "Rocco" Prestia of Tower of Power, Chuck Rainey and David Hungate.
Tracy Ferrie is an American musician, who is the current bass player for the classic rock band Boston and was the former bass player of Christian metal band Stryper.
 Beginning in 1996, Tracy played bass for Michael Sweet's solo band and was also a member of the bands Electrik, Sally Steele, Seraiah, Whitecross, Guardian, Rebecca St. James, Plumb, Sonicflood and Strange Celebrity.
 He is from Elkhart, Indiana and a national roller skating champion.
In country music, walkdown is a bassline which connects two root position chords whose roots are a third apart, often featuring an inverted chord to go between the root notes of the first two chords.
 See: slash chord.
 A walkup would be the converse.
 For example the chords G Major and E minor (a minor third apart) may be joined by an intervening chord to create stepwise motion in the bass: G-D/F♯ -Em (I-V6/4-vi).
 The second chord, D Major, is performed with its third note, the F#, in the bass.
 Walkdowns may be performed by the upright bass player, the electric bass player, the guitarist, or a piano player.
Five Guys In A Really Hot Garage is the final studio album by Mucky Pup.
 It was released in Germany under their own imprint, Mucky Records, through SPV Music in 1995.
 The lineup saw the additions of Jack "Hinge" Pitzer, formerly of New Jersey thrash metal band, The Beast, on guitar and Joe Mama on bass.
 Bass player Bill Bergmann appeared on two of the songs and was pictured on the album cover.
 Bergmann would remain the bass player for what would be the last several months of the band's existence.
 A single and video was released for the track "Short Attention Span".
Rodney Slatford (born 18 July 1944) is an English contemporary double bass player and teacher (especially of young children).
 He was the principal bass player of the Midland Sinfonia, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, and English Chamber Orchestra, a founder of the Nash Ensemble, and has been a principal player in other early music ensembles.
 He is also a publisher of sheet music for double bass.
 He had studied with Adrian Beers and wrote his obituary in "The Independent".
Even Steven Levee born Steven Louis Levee, is an American musician, bass player, recording engineer, record producer and former nightclub concert promoter.
 He is best known for his work with such bands as Lifeforce, ZRS, Brad Factor:10, The Slashtones, The Freak Parade, and his production work with Hedi, Barbara Lee George, MC Magic D and Gun Hill.
 As a bass player he is known for his diversity, playing with rock, funk, jazz, blues and hip hop artists, and for his use of various fretted and fretless four, five and six string bass guitars.
 He is also well known within the music industry for hosting premier "all star" jam sessions at various nightclubs in the New York area during the 1990s.
 Even has appeared on HBO and "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" during the current century and continues to work in Music and the Information Technology field.
