Edwin Leard Mechem (July 2, 1912November 27, 2002) was a prominent Republican politician from New Mexico.
 He served as the 15th, 17th and 19th Governor of New Mexico and represented the state in the United States Senate.
 Mechem was the first person born in the 20th century to become the state's governor, as well as the first person born in New Mexico after statehood to succeed to the office.
 He later served as a Federal Judge.
A foreign-born Japanese (外国生まれの日本人 , gaikoku umare no nihonjin , literally "Japanese person born in a foreign country") is a Japanese person of foreign descent or heritage, who was born outside Japan and later acquired Japanese citizenship.
 This category encompasses persons of both Japanese and non-Japanese descent.
 The former subcategory is considered because of intricacies of national and international laws regarding the citizenship of newborn persons.
Antonia Gerena Rivera (May 19, 1900 – June 2, 2015) was a Puerto Rican supercentenarian who, at the time of her death at the age of 115 years, 14 days, was the world's sixth oldest living person, and the third oldest American behind Jeralean Talley (died 15 days later of the death of Rivera) and Susannah Mushatt Jones.
 Rivera is the oldest documented woman and second oldest ever verified person born in Puerto Rico and the oldest ever resident of Florida.
Camille Amy Zamora (born December 14, 1970) is an American soprano recognized for her performance of opera, zarzuela, oratorio, art song and American songbook.
 She performs repertoire ranging from the early Baroque to 21st century premieres by composers including Grammy Award winners Robert Aldridge and Herschel Garfein as well as Prix de Rome winner Christopher Theofanidis.
A mamzer (Hebrew: ממזר‎ ‎ ) is a person born from certain forbidden relationships, or the descendant of such a person, in the Hebrew Bible and Jewish religious law.
 A "mamzer" in modern Jewish culture is someone who is either born out of adultery by a married Jewish woman and a Jewish man who is not her husband, or born out of incest (as defined by the Bible), or someone who has a "mamzer" as a parent.
 Mamzer status is not synonymous with illegitimacy, since it does not include children whose mothers were unmarried.
Apprentice Adept is a heptalogy of fantasy and science fiction novels written by English American author Piers Anthony.
 The series takes place on "Phaze" and "Proton", two worlds occupying the same space in two different dimensional planes.
 Phaze is a lush planet of magic, where Proton is a barren mining planet of science.
 As the series opens, each person born on Phaze and Proton has an alternate self living on the other world.
 But if a person on either world lacks a duplicate (for instance if a Proton citizen immigrated there from another planet, or a counterpart from the opposite frame died), he can cross to the other through an energy "curtain" that circumscribes each frame.
Frederick "Fred" Harold Hale Sr. (December 1, 1890 – November 19, 2004) was an American supercentenarian.
 After the death of John Ingram McMorran in February 2003, at the age of 112 years, Hale was recognized as the oldest living man in the United States.
 In March 2004, at 113, he became the oldest living man in the world, following the death of the Spaniard Joan Riudavets.
 Hale is verified to be one of the ten oldest men in recorded history, as well as the oldest recorded person born in the state of Maine.
Myrna Docia Sharlow (19 July 1893 – after 1935) was an American soprano who had an active performance career in operas and concerts during the 1910s through the 1930s.
 She began her career in 1912 with the Boston Opera Company and became one of Chicago's more active sopranos from 1915–1920, and again in 1923–1924 and 1926–1927.
 She sang with several other important American opera companies during her career, including one season at the Metropolitan Opera.
 She made only a handful of opera appearances in Europe during her career, most notably singing in the English premiere of Riccardo Zandonai's "Francesca da Rimini" at Covent Garden in 1914.
 Her repertoire spanned a wide range from leading dramatic soprano roles to lighter lyric soprano fair and comprimario parts.
 She even performed a few roles traditionally sung by mezzo-sopranos or contraltos.
Leslie Herbert "Les" Irwin, CBE (1 May 1898 – 28 January 1985) was an Australian politician.
 Born in Newcastle, New South Wales, he was educated at state schools and underwent military service 1916–30.
 Upon the end of his service, he became a bank manager.
 In 1963, he was selected as the Liberal candidate for the seat of Mitchell in the Australian House of Representatives.
 He was the last person born in the nineteenth century, the last person born before Federation, and the last World War I veteran elected to the House.
 He held Mitchell until his defeat in 1972.
 Irwin died in 1985.
Nabi Tajima (田島 ナビ , Tajima Nabi , born 4 August 1900) is a Japanese supercentenarian.
 At the age of , she is the world's oldest verified living person and the last surviving person born in the 19th century.
 She is the oldest verified Japanese and Asian person ever.
