Sir Thomas Maclellan (died 1597) was Provost of Kirkcudbright and father of Robert Maclellan, 1st Lord Kirkcudbright.
 He was responsible for the construction of MacLellan's Castle in the town.
Thomas Maclellan, 2nd Lord Kirkcudbright was a Scottish nobleman, nephew of Robert Maclellan, 1st Lord Kirkcudbright and the son of William Maclellan and Rosina Agnew.
Colross, (also historically known as Belle Air and Grasshopper Hall), is a Georgian mansion in Princeton, New Jersey; it was built as the center of an estate in the Old Town neighborhood of Alexandria, Virginia.
 Colross is currently the administration building of Princeton Day School.
 The Colross property originally occupied the entire 1100 block of Oronoco Street; Alexandria merchant John Potts developed it as a plantation and began building the mansion in 17991800.
 In 1803, Jonathan Swift—also an Alexandria merchant and a city councilman—purchased the property and during his ownership continued constructing the mansion.
 After Swift's death in 1824, Colross was purcheased by Thomson Francis Mason (1785–1838), son of Thomson Mason (1759–1820) and grandson of Founding Father George Mason (1725–1792) of Gunston Hall.
 Mason served as a judge of the Criminal Court of the District of Columbia and as mayor of Alexandria.
 During his ownership, Mason made Colross his chief homestead; he substantially modified and added to the mansion.
 After successive ownerships, the area around Colross became heavily industrialized.
 The mansion was bought by John Munn in 1929; between that year and 1932 it was transported brick-by-brick to Princeton, where in 1958 it was sold to Princeton Day School, which uses it as a school administration building housing its admission and advancement offices.
Captain Thomas Crawford or Thomas Craufurd (1530–1603) of Jordanhill (an estate in the West End of Glasgow, part of which is now a college and hospital near Victoria Park) was a trusted confidant of Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley, husband of Mary, Queen of Scots and a retainer of the Matthew Stewart, 4th Earl of Lennox (Darnley's father).
 He famously planned the assault and led a small force of 150 men in 1571 that scaled the cliffs and embattlements to expel the castle garrison loyal to Catholic Queen Mary from Dumbarton Castle.
 Six years later, he became Provost of Glasgow, establishing a bursary for a student at the university and saving the cathedral from destruction.
MacLellan's Castle in the town of Kirkcudbright, southwest Scotland, was built in the late 16th century.
 It stands in the centre of Kirkcudbright, on the south side of the River Dee which flows into the Solway Firth.
 The L-plan castle was the residence of the MacLellan family from whom it derived its name.
 The family sold the castle in 1752, and from 1782 to 1912 it was held by the Earls of Selkirk.
 Today, the site is curated by Historic Scotland.
Dilsberg Castle (German: "Bergfeste Dilsberg" ) is a castle on a hill above the River Neckar in Neckargemünd, Germany.
 The castle was built by the counts of Lauffen in the 12th century.
 In the 13th century it became the main castle for the counts.
 In the 14th century it became part of the Electorate of the Palatinate and received town rights in 1347.
 During the Thirty Years' War, the castle was considered impregnable until Imperial forces under Tilly took the castle in 1622 after a long siege.
 In 1799, French forces tried and failed to storm the castle.
 A 46-metre-deep well helped keep the defenders supplied during this assault.
 In the 19th century the castle fell into ruin and was used as a quarry.
 Today the castle and its town are a tourist attraction and are administered by the "Staatliche Schösser und Gärten Baden-Württemberg", attracting thousands of visitors.
Jinjing Town (), a town in Changsha County, Hunan Province, China, administers two communities and 14 villages with the Koganei Community the center of government.
 The name Jinjing means "golden well", and derives from a well that provided drinking water for the entire town for hundreds of years.
 The well is now preserved by the local people; the water supply function has come to an end because the lifestyle of the local people has changed.
 Near the well and the old town center a Buddhist temple called Jiuxisi Temple (Stream of Nine Turnings) overlooks the old town site.
 Recorded as having been built at the beginning of the Tang dynasty, the supervisor of construction work for developing the well site was well-known general Yu-chi Gong; this provides proof that Jinjing Town was already an important town at the time.
 Shuangjiang town merged to Jinjing on November 19, 2015.
Donnington Castle is a ruined medieval castle, situated in the small village of Donnington, just north of the town of Newbury in the English county of Berkshire.
 It was founded by Sir Richard Abberbury the Elder in 1386 and was bought by Thomas Chaucer before the castle was taken under royal control during the Tudor period.
 During the First English Civil War the castle was held by the royalist Sir John Boys and withstood an 18-month siege; after the garrison eventually surrendered, Parliament voted to demolish Donnington Castle in 1646.
 Only the gatehouse survives.
 The site is under the care of English Heritage and is protected from unauthorised change as a scheduled ancient monument.
Alvin "Al" Goldfarb was the tenth president of Western Illinois University.
 Prior to his current position from 1977 to 2002 he was on the faculty of the department of theatre at Illinois State University in Normal, where he was also chairman of the theatre department, dean of fine arts from 1988 to 1998, and provost and vice president for academic affairs from 1998.
 He earned a Ph.D. in theater history from the City University of New York.
 In 2006 Goldfarb announced that he was being treated for prostate cancer and that a complete recovery was expected.
 At the July 2009 meeting of the WIU Board of Trustees, Goldfarb officially announced his intention to retire on June 30, 2011.
 It was announced that President Goldfarb would be succeeded as president of the university by Western's current Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs, Dr. Jack Thomas, who succeeded him on July 1, 2011.
 A search committee will now search for an Interim Provost, as well as for two other Vice President positions whose present incumbent officeholders will be retiring soon.
 President Goldfarb's and incoming President Thomas's principal priority, besides having a seamless transition and a quick search for candidates, is to deal with the fact that the University is owed more than $50 million by the government of the State of Illinois, and must find further non-critical areas to hone and look to alternative sources of funding like non-government grants and loans, private donations and gifts, and to alumni.
Rekhmire was an ancient Egyptian noble and official of the 18th dynasty who served as "Governor of the Town" (Thebes) and Vizier during the reigns of Thutmosis III and Amenhotep II.
 He was the nephew of Vizier User, who took office at the time of the fifth year of Queen Hatshepsut’s reign.
 User's official titles included mayor of the city, vizier, and prince.
 Rekhmire is noted for constructing a lavishly decorated tomb for himself in Sheikh Abd el-Qurna, part of the Theban Necropolis, containing lively, well preserved scenes of daily life during the Egyptian New Kingdom.
 His tomb is also important as it contains a full copy of a text detailing the duties of the office of the vizier, known as "The Installation of the Vizier".
