Mill Street Brewery is a brewery in Toronto, Canada that is a part of Anheuser–Busch InBev.
 During its first decade of operation, as an independent brewer, Mill St. won several awards including Golden Tap Awards for Best Toronto Microbrewery ('04-'08) and Best Toronto Beer (for Tankhouse Ale: '04-'07), and was named "Canadian Brewery of the Year" at the Canadian Brewing Awards in 2007, 2008, and 2009.
 It was purchased in 2015 by Canadian brewer Labatt Brewing Company, which in turn is owned by the global brewing giant Anheuser–Busch InBev.
Chef & Brewer is a chain of around 127 licensed traditional pub restaurants in the United Kingdom, owned by the Greene King subsidiary, the Spirit Pub Company.
 The concept is providing more up market pub food and those in the chain have been re-furbished.
The Yakel House and Union Brewery are a historic house and brewery complex located at 1421-1431 Pearl St. in Alton, Illinois.
 Philip Yakel, a German immigrant, built the brewery soon after coming to America in 1836.
 The brewery was the first in Alton and one of the city's earliest successful industries.
 Yakel's son George, who eventually ran the brewery alongside his father, built the house in 1863; it was the family's second home at the site.
 The brick home features a vernacular design influenced by German architectural tradition.
 William Netzhammer, a brewer from St. Louis, purchased the brewery in 1882.
 The Netzhammer family ran the brewery until it closed in 1952;, notably, the brewery continued production during Prohibition by making near beer.
Vaux Breweries was a major brewer based in Sunderland, England.
 It was listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Ruddles Brewery (G. Ruddle & Co) was an English brewery.
 The brand is now owned by Greene King who still brew beers under the Ruddles name in Suffolk, although the current recipes are not those used at the original brewery.
Greene King is the UK's largest pub retailer and brewer.
 It is based in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, England.
 The company owns pubs, restaurants and hotels.
 It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Castle Rock Brewery is a brewery and pub group based in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire.
 It was originally set up as a joint venture with Bramcote Brewery.
 Bramcote Brewery was wound up and a new company was set up, 50% owned by Tynemill and 50% owned by the previous owners of Bramcote Brewery, on a new site next to Tynemill’s pub, The Vat and Fiddle, located on Queensbridge road close to Nottingham railway station.
 The Vat and Fiddle became the ‘Brewery Tap’, serving over 10 real ales at any one time, several of which are Castle Rock's.
John Hair and Son was an English brewer based in Melbourne, Derbyshire.
 It was founded in 1851 and acquired by Offiler's of Derby in 1954.
The Booth Brewing Co. is a microbrewery headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.
 Sunghoo Yang, a former investment analyst, Heeyoon Kim, a former Korean medicine doctor, and Daniel Tudor, a journalist for The Economist founded the brewery in 2015, after operating a pizza pub since 2013 [].
 They acquired the brewing facility in Eureka, California, previously owned by Lost Coast Brewery, in 2015.
 They are well known for Taedonggang Pale Ale, a collaboration beer with Danish microbrewery Mikkeller, and also for being the second foreign craft brewer to produce beer in their own facility in the United States.
Agnes Bugge (born before 1417) was an English brewer.
 Bugge is notable because she was a women who was running a brewery in the 15th/16th century.
 Usually wives assisted their husbands and their contribution is never identified in the records.
 In Agnes' case her husband was a draper and therefore it becomes clear that it was Agnes who brewed.
 This is noted in 1419/20 when the brewers were in dispute with the City of London.
 The brewers agreed to create a fighting fund and Stephen paid the largest contribution for his wife's brewery.
 Idonea Hatton's husband also made a contribution but in her case they had the brewery jointly.
 19 of the 24 brewery's involved included women but the Bugge's brewery appeared to the only one operated by a woman, although it was noted that 80% of the breweries were run in part by a married woman.
 When Stephen died it becomes clear how the law saw the situation as Stephen had to leave Agnes' brewery to her.
 Coincidentally it is interesting to note that the funds raised won the case against the city of London.
 At that time the Lord Mayor of London was Dick Whittington.
