"Everybody Know Me" is the first single from the Boyz N Da Hood album, Back Up n da Chevy.
 It was released via iTunes on April 10, 2007.
"Dem Boyz" is the first single from the Boyz n da Hood's debut album "Boyz n da Hood".
1 Less G n Da Hood is the debut studio album by American rapper Blaze Ya Dead Homie.
 Released on October 16, 2001, the album is his second release on the Psychopathic label, following his self-titled debut EP.
 "1 Less G n Da Hood" was produced by Twiztid, Mike Puwal, Fritz the Cat, and Violent J, and features appearances by guests Anybody Killa, Monoxide Child, Violent J, Jamie Madrox, and Shaggy 2 Dope.
Back Up n da Chevy is the second album from rap group Boyz n da Hood, released on October 2, 2007.
 The album's first single is "Everybody Know Me", which was released on iTunes on April 10, 2007.
 The second single was confirmed to be "Table Dance" featuring T-Pain, but it was never released.
Boyz n da Hood is an American Southern gangsta rap group.
Alonzo Mathis, better known by his stage name Gorilla Zoe ( ) is an American rapper.
 He is a former artist with Trustnobody Ent.
 Under Tavares "Buck" Thomas.
 He subsequently became a member of rap group Boyz N Da Hood.
 His solo debut album "Welcome to the Zoo" ghost written by Ernest Gibbs.
 came out in 2007.
 His next two albums, "Don't Feed Da Animals" and "King Kong" were released in 2009 and 2011.
 In 2015, he released two mix tapes: Recovery and Raised in the Jungle.
Boyz N Da Hood is an American Southern gangsta rap group from Atlanta, Georgia.
 They were formerly signed to Sean Combs' Bad Boy Records and consisted of Young Jeezy, Jody Breeze, Gorilla Zoe, Big Gee, .
Big Duke They have collaborated several times with fellow Atlanta, Georgia artist and Block Ent labelmate Yung Joc.
Jay Wayne Jenkins (born September 28, 1977), better known by his stage name Jeezy (formerly Young Jeezy), is an American rapper.
 In 1998, he launched the label imprint CTE World (then known as Corporate Thugz Entertainment).
 Aside from his solo career, Jeezy is the "de facto" leader of the southern hip hop group United Streets Dopeboyz of America (USDA), and is a former member of the Bad Boy Records' rap group Boyz n da Hood.
 Jeezy is also known for helping pioneer the hip hop subgenre trap music, alongside fellow Atlanta-based rappers T.I. and Gucci Mane.
The Fila Fresh Crew was a rap group based in Dallas, Texas and consisted of Fresh K, Dr. Rock and The D.O.C. (known as Doc-T at the time).
 Dr. Rock's association with Dr. Dre during his stint as a DJ for the World Class Wreckin' Cru helped land the Fila Fresh Crew a spot on the "N.W.A and the Posse" compilation album in 1987.
 A year later the trio released minor material through Macola Records even though the group broke up by 1988.
 Doc-T changed his name to The D.O.C. and became a valuable contributor to the Eazy-E debut album and the newly formed gangsta rap group N.W.A, acting as a writer to many track with Ruthless Records (and later Death Row Records).
 However The D.O.C. is most remembered for his 1989 debut album "No One Can Do It Better" featuring the hit single "It's Funky Enough".
 During the same time, Dr. Rock continued to re-release his former group's works and launched a solo album of his own in 1991 under the pseudonym Fela Fresh Crew.
Boyz N Da Hood is the debut album by hip hop group Boyz N Da Hood released on June 21, 2005.
