Richard Douglas Heffner (August 5, 1925 – December 17, 2013) was the creator and host of "The Open Mind," a public affairs television show first broadcast in 1956.
 He was a University Professor of Communications and Public Policy at Rutgers University and also taught an honors seminar at New York University.
 He was the author of "A Documentary History of the United States," a verbatim anthology of important public documents in American history, among them the Declaration of Independence, the Gettysburg Address and Martin Luther King's Letter from a Birmingham Jail.
 Heffner collaborated with Nobel Peace Prize winner Elie Wiesel on the publication of "Conversations With Elie Wiesel", released by Schochen books in 2001.
Le Testament d'un poète juif assassiné (1980), translated into English as The Testament (1981) is a novel by Elie Wiesel.
 "The Testament", to be followed by "The Fifth Son", and "The Forgotten" mark a thematic change in Elie Wiesel's telling of the Holocaust and its aftermath as Wiesel moves into telling the story of thee children of the survivors.
 The novel takes the form of the memoirs of a Russian Jewish poet, Paltiel Kossova, whose idealism leads him to turn from his Jewish religious heritage towards communism.
 The novel won the Prix Livre Inter, and Prix des Bibliothécaires, Prix Interallie 1980 and was nominated for the Prix Concourt.
The Gates of the Forest is a 1966 book written by Elie Wiesel.
Night (1960) is a work by Elie Wiesel about his experience with his father in the Nazi German concentration camps at Auschwitz and Buchenwald in 1944–1945, at the height of the Holocaust toward the end of the Second World War.
 In just over 100 pages of sparse and fragmented narrative, Wiesel writes about the death of God and his own increasing disgust with humanity, reflected in the inversion of the parent–child relationship, as his father declines to a helpless state and Wiesel becomes his resentful teenage caregiver.
 "If only I could get rid of this dead weight ... Immediately I felt ashamed of myself, ashamed forever."
 In "Night" everything is inverted, every value destroyed.
 "Here there are no fathers, no brothers, no friends," a kapo tells him.
 "Everyone lives and dies for himself alone."
Elisha Wiesel (born c. 1972) is an American businessman and the only child of Jewish writer, activist, and Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel.
 He serves as the chief information officer of Goldman Sachs.
Elie Wiesel and his wife founded the Elie Wiesel Foundation in 1986, the same year he received the Nobel Prize for Peace, using the award money from the prize to fund the organization.
 Wiesel has experienced inequality first hand through the Holocaust and has been working in several different areas involving the Holocaust.
 The Foundation’s mission statement, created in remembrance of the Holocaust, is "to combat indifference, intolerance and injustice through international dialogue and youth-focused programs that promote acceptance, understanding and equality."
 Wiesel has dedicated the foundation to bringing together people from all over the world to share ideas on political, cultural, religious, and academic boundaries.
 The foundation organizes contests, awards, and conferences for youths in both the United States and other countries experiencing cultural conflicts.
Steven Theodore Katz (born August 24, 1944) is a Jewish philosopher and scholar.
 He is the director of the Elie Wiesel Center for Judaic Studies at Boston University in Massachusetts, United States, where he holds the Alvin J. and Shirley Slater Chair in Jewish and Holocaust Studies.
Andrea M. Berlin is an archaeologist and the James R. Wiseman Chair in Classical Archaeology in the Department of Archaeology at Boston University.
 She also holds a faculty position in the Elie Wiesel Center for Jewish Studies at Boston University.
 Before that she held positions at academic institutions, among which were (from 2004 to 2010) the Morse-Alumni Distinguished Teaching Professor of Archaeology in the Department of Classical and Near Eastern Studies at the University of Minnesota.
 She received her PhD in 1988 from the University of Michigan.
The Wiesel Commission is the International Commission on the Holocaust in Romania, which was established by former President Ion Iliescu in October 2003 to research and create a report on the actual history of the Holocaust in Romania and make specific recommendations for educating the public on the issue.
 The Commission, which was led by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Elie Wiesel as well as Jean Ancel, released its report in late 2004.
 The Romanian government recognized the report's findings and acknowledged the deliberate participation in the Holocaust by the World War II Romanian regime led by Ion Antonescu.
 The report assessed that between 280,000 and 380,000 Jews were murdered or died under the supervision and as a result of the deliberate policies of Romanian civilian and military authorities.
 Over 11,000 Romani were also killed.
 The Wiesel Commission report also documented pervasive antisemitism and violence against Jews in Romania before World War II, when Romania's Jewish population was among the largest in Europe.
Beyond his works on paper, Podwal’s artistry has been employed in an array of diverse projects, including the design of a series of decorative plates for the Metropolitan Museum Of Art: "Passover Plate", "Zodiac Platter" (Met Bestseller), and "Life Cycle" (Met Bestseller).
 His work has been animated for public television in "A Passover Seder with Elie Wiesel" (Time Warner), engraved on a Congressional Gold Medal presented by President Reagan to Elie Wiesel, and woven into an Aubusson tapestry that adorns the ark in the main sanctuary of Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York.
 Moreover, he designed sixteen kiln cast glass panels for the United Jewish Appeal Federation Headquarters in New York.
 Podwal collaborated with Academy Award winning filmmaker Allan Miller on the documentary "House of Life: The Old Jewish Cemetery in Prague", narrated by Claire Bloom.
 In 2009 and 2010, the film was broadcast on PBS.
 Podwal's portraits of Mozart in costumes from his operas were published as a boxed set of greeting cards by the Metropolitan Opera.
