Ek Cup Cha (এক কাপ চা) is a Bangladeshi romantic film directed by Naim Imtiaz Niamul.
 The shooting of this film started on October 15, 2010.
 But for different circumstances regarding producers, it cannot be released.
 Finally, actor Ferdous Ahmed produced the film for the first time in his career and released on November 28, 2014.
 Ferdous Ahmed himself act in the central role of the film along with Moushumi, Mamnun Hasan Emon, Humayun Faridi and more.
 This was last film of Humayun Faridi.
 Bangladesh National Film Awards winning actor Alamgir and her daughter Akhi Alamgir is seen this film.
 After the success of the famous movie "Bhat De", Alamgir and Akhi Alamgir, the father and daughter duo, worked in the project.
Manisha Koirala (born 16 August 1970) is a Nepali actress who mainly appears in Hindi films in India, though she has worked in several South Indian and her native country's films.
 Noted for her acting prowess, Koirala is the recipient of several accolades, including four Filmfare Awards—and is one of India's most well-known actresses.
 Although the box-office collections from her films have varied considerably, critics have noted that her niche as an actor remains unharmed irrespective of her commercial potency.
 She was one of the highest paid actresses in the 1990s.
 She is amongst the few actresses who made a balance between commercial cinema and Parallel cinema (Art-house films).
Shabana Azmi (born 18 September 1950) is an Indian actress of film, television and theatre.
 The daughter of poet Kaifi Azmi and stage actress Shaukat Azmi, she is an alumna of Film and Television Institute of India of Pune.
 Azmi made her film debut in 1974 and soon became one of the leading actresses of Parallel Cinema, a Bengali new-wave movement known for its serious content and neo-realism and received government patronage during the times.
 Regarded as one of the finest actresses in India, Azmi's performances in films in a variety of genres have generally earned her praise and awards, which include a record of five wins of the National Film Award for Best Actress and several international honours.
 She has also received five Filmfare Awards, and was honored among "women in cinema" at the 30th International Film Festival of India.
 In 1988, the Government of India awarded her with Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian honour of the country.
Before I Forget is a 1982 album by Jon Lord, featuring a largely conventional eight-song line-up, no orchestra.
 The bulk of the songs are either mainstream rock tracks ("Hollywood Rock and Roll", "Chance on a Feeling") or, specifically on Side Two, a series of very English classical piano ballads sung by mother and daughter duo, Vicki Brown and Sam Brown (wife and daughter of entertainer Joe Brown) and vocalist Elmer Gantry.
 The album also features prolific session drummer (and National Youth Jazz Orchestra alumnus) Simon Phillips, Cozy Powell, Neil Murray, Simon Kirke, Boz Burrell and Mick Ralphs.
 Lord used synthesizers more than before, principally to retain an intimacy with the material and to create a jam atmosphere with old friends like Tony Ashton.
Germany was represented by mother and daughter duo Maxi & Chris Garden, with the song "Lied für einen Freund", at the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest, which took place on 30 April in Dublin.
 "Lied für einen Freund", written by prolific Eurovision duo Ralph Siegel and Bernd Meinunger, was the winner of the German national final, held on 31 March.
 Maxi & Chris Garden had finished second in the 1987 German final.
Ragini (1937–1976) was a South Indian danseuse and actress.
 She was the youngest of the famed Travancore Sisters: Lalitha, Padmini, and Ragini.
 With sister Padmini, she started her acting career in the mid-1950s and has acted in movies of different Indian languages including Hindi, Malayalam, Tamil, and Telugu.
 The era of dance in Hindi cinema is considered to have begun with the entrance of Ragini and other South Indian actresses.
 Ragini died of breast cancer in 1976.
She had acted in many dramas also.
Mom is an American sitcom that premiered on September 23, 2013, on CBS.
 The series was created by Chuck Lorre, Eddie Gorodetsky, and Gemma Baker and produced and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Television.
 It stars Anna Faris and Allison Janney in lead roles as dysfunctional mother/daughter duo Christy and Bonnie Plunkett.
 Sadie Calvano, Blake Garrett Rosenthal, Matt L. Jones, Spencer Daniels, Nate Corddry, French Stewart, William Fichtner, Beth Hall, Jaime Pressly and Mimi Kennedy appear in supporting roles.
Susan "Sue" Evans (born 16 September 1968) and Imani "Ginny" Evans (born 24 January 1992) are Reality television personalities and Television producers known as MADD, which is an acronym for Mother and Daughter Duo.
MILF pornography (acronym of "Mother I'd Like/Love to Fuck") is a genre of pornography in which the actresses are usually women ages 30 to 50, though many actresses have started making this type of pornographic films at age 25.
 Central to the typical MILF narrative is an age-play dynamic of older women and younger lovers, both males and female.
 A related term is cougar, which implies an older woman as predator.
Goa Dalli CID 999 (Kannada: ಗೋವಾದಲ್ಲಿ ಸಿ.
ಐ.ಡಿ.೯೯೯ ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada detective - crime spy thriller written, directed and produced by Dorai - Bhagwan duo.
 The film starred Rajkumar in the lead role as a detective.
 Popular Indian actresses Lakshmi made her debut in Kannada cinema with this film.
 Sri Lankan based actress Sabitha Perera also made her Indian debut with this film.
 The film had musical score by G. K. Venkatesh with lyrics by R. N. Jayagopal.
The film met with highly positive response upon release and paved the way for many more such Bond style of movies in the combination of the director duo with lead actor Rajkumar.
