Samuel Tei "Sam" Abal (born 26 June 1958) is a Papua New Guinean politician.
 Abal, who previously served as Foreign Minister from August 2007 to December 2010, became the Deputy Prime Minister of the country in a cabinet reshuffle by Michael Somare on 7 December 2010.
 He further became acting Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea on 13 December 2010, when Prime Minister Somare stepped down from office to face a tribunal regarding allegations of financial mismanagement.
 His tenure as acting Prime Minister ended on 2 August 2011, when Peter O'Neill won a parliamentary vote to be appointed as Prime Minister.
‘Abd Allāh ibn ‘Abd ar-Raḥman Sirāj (Arabic: عبد الله بن عبد الرحمن سراج‎ ‎ ) was an Arab politician and Islamic scholar who held various posts in the Kingdom of Hejaz and later the Emirate of Transjordan, including the office of Prime Minister of both countries.
 Born in Mecca, he graduated from Madrasah as-Sawlatiyah and later al-Azhar University in Cairo.
 In 1907 he was appointed Mufti of the Hanafis in Mecca by Sharif Ali Abd Allah.
 He was elected to represent Mecca in the Ottoman parliament in 1908, though he resigned before he ever served.
 After Sharif Husayn declared independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1916, he appointed Siraj as Chief Justice and Deputy Prime Minister of the Hejaz government.
 Siraj served as acting Prime Minister in lieu of Emir Ali until 1918.
 After Husayn abdicated the throne in 1924, Siraj held the office of Prime Minister during most of Ali's short reign, which ended with the Kingdom's surrender to the Saudi Sultanate of Nejd in 1925.
 He then migrated to the Jordan, where under Emir Abd Allah he served as Prime Minister from 1931 to 1933 while simultaneously holding the portfolios of Finance and the Interior Ministry, as well as the office of Chief Justice.
Kamal Ganzouri (Arabic: كمال الجنزورى‎ ‎ , ] ‎; born 12 January 1933) is an Egyptian economist who served as Prime Minister of Egypt from 7 December 2011 to 24 July 2012.
 He previously served as prime minister from 1996 to 1999.
 He came to power in 1996 succeeding Atef Sedki, and was in turn succeeded by Atef Ebeid in 1999.
 He was branded "Minister of the Poor" and "the Opposition Minister" because of his way of dealing with limited income people and the opposition.
 Before becoming prime minister, Ganzouri served as Minister of Planning and International Cooperation.
 On 24 November 2011, Egypt's military rulers appointed him as prime minister.
 He was sworn in and took office on 7 December 2011.
The Deputy Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore is the deputy head of the government of the Republic of Singapore.
 The role of Deputy Prime Minister is the second highest post and senior Cabinet Minister in Singapore.
 The holder will sometimes assume the role of Acting Prime Minister when the PM is temporarily absent from Singapore.
 Since the mid-1980s, Singapore has usually had two Deputy Prime Ministers at a time.
 Only Ong Teng Cheong and Tony Tan (who later became Singaporean presidents) served under more than one Prime Minister during their time as Deputy Prime Minister.
The Swedish constitution of 1974 allows the Prime Minister of Sweden to appoint one of the Ministers in the cabinet as Deputy Prime Minister ("biträdande statsminister", also unofficially known as "vice statsminister", "Vice Prime Minister"), in case the Prime Minister for some reason is prevented from performing his or her duties.
 However, if a Deputy Prime Minister has not been appointed, the Minister in the cabinet who has served the longest time (and if there are several with equal experience the one who is oldest) takes over as head of government.
 Note that the person acting as Prime Minister does not do so on a permanent basis: if a Prime Minister dies, resigns or loses a vote of confidence in the Riksdag, the Speaker of the Riksdag will then confer with the parties of the Riksdag and propose a new Prime Minister, who must be tolerated by a majority of the Riksdag.
 If the Prime Minister has resigned or lost a vote of confidence, he or she will remain the head of a government "ad interim" until the new Prime Minister assumes his or her office.
 The only case where the governmental line of succession becomes relevant is when the Prime Minister dies (upon which the person next in the line of succession serves as the head of a government "ad interim") or when the Prime Minister is on leave or for any other reason incapable of serving, but still remains in office.
 This might be compared to the Presidential line of succession in the United States, where the person next in line assumes the Presidency throughout the remainder of the term if the President dies, resigns or is impeached.
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is the head of the Government of the United Kingdom, and chairs Cabinet meetings.
 There is no specific date when the office of Prime Minister first appeared, as the role was not created but rather evolved over a period of time.
 The term was used in the House of Commons in 1805 and it was certainly in parliamentary use by the 1880s, and in 1905 the post of Prime Minister was officially given recognition in the order of precedence.
 Modern historians generally consider Sir Robert Walpole, who led the government of Great Britain from 1721 to 1742, as the first Prime Minister.
 Walpole is also the longest-serving Prime Minister by this definition.
 However, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman was the first Prime Minister and Margaret Thatcher the longest-serving Prime Minister to have been officially referred to as such.
Josip Manolić (] ; born 22 March 1920) is a Croatian politician and former high-ranking official of the State Security Administration (UDBA or UDSA) who was the Prime Minister of Croatia from 24 August 1990 to 17 July 1991.
 Croatia formally declared independence during his term, on 25 June 1991.
 Having taken office as Prime Minister at the age of 70 and having left the office at the age of 71, he is the oldest person to date to have served as Prime Minister of Croatia.
 Manolić is also the oldest currently living former prime minister at the age of and the longest-lived holder of the office.
 Following his brief term as Prime Minister he served as the first Speaker of the Chamber of Counties, the upper house of the Croatian Parliament, from 1993 until 1994.
Sanjaya Baru is a political commentator and policy analyst, currently serving as Director for Geo-Economics and Strategy at the International Institute of Strategic Studies.
 Penguin India.
 Retrieved on 14 April 2014.
</ref> Previously he had served as associate editor at "The Economic Times" and "The Times of India", and then chief editor at "Business Standard".
 His father B. P. R. Vithal served as Finance and Planning Secretary during former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's stint as Secretary of Finance.
 Before he became a journalist, he was a member of Communist Party of India (Marxist) when he was a student at University of Hyderabad.
 He became Manmohan Singh's media advisor and chief spokesperson, a role in which he served from May 2004 until August 2008.
 In April 2014, Penguin India published "The Accidental Prime Minister", Baru's tell-all memoir about his time at the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
 In it, Baru alleges that the prime minister was completely subservient to Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who wielded significant influence in the running of the Singh administration, including the PMO itself.
 The book has sparked off a controversy, with the PMO officially denouncing it as "fiction".
 Baru, however, has said that he set out to show an empathetic portrait of the prime minister.
Denis Arthur Greenhill, Baron Greenhill of Harrow (1913–2000) was the British Permanent Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and Head of the Diplomatic Service from 1969 to 1973; a respected expert on the US, Europe and the Soviet Union, he was actively involved in setting postwar Britain's role in the world in a new direction, away from its imperial past and a compliant involvement with the United States towards a more active engagement in Europe.
 He served under three prime ministers, Harold Wilson, Sir Alec Douglas-Home and Edward Heath.
Yasin al-Hashimi, born Yasin Hilmi Salman (Arabic: ياسين الهاشمى‎ ‎ ‎; 1884–21 January 1937), was an Iraqi politician who twice served as the prime minister.
 Like many of Iraq's early leaders, al-Hashimi served as a military officer during Ottoman control of the country.
 He made his political debut under the government of his predecessor, Jafar al-Askari, and replaced him as prime minister shortly after, in August 1924.
 Al-Hashimi served for ten months before he was replaced, in turn by Abd al-Muhsin as-Sa'dun.
 Over the next ten years he filled a variety of governmental positions finally returning to the office of prime minister in March 1935.
 On 30 October 1936, Hashimi became the first Iraqi prime minister to be deposed in a coup, which was led by General Bakr Sidqi and a coalition of ethnic minorities.
 Unlike al-Askari, who was then his minister of defense, al-Hashimi survived the coup and made his way to Damascus, Syria, where he died three months later.
 His older brother and close ally, Taha al-Hashimi, served as Prime Minister of Iraq in 1941.
