The National Intelligence Medal for Valor, formerly the Intelligence Community Medal for Valor, is a decoration of the United States Intelligence Community awarded by the National Intelligence Awards Program led by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
Ground Intelligence Officer (MOS 0203) is a primary military occupation code (or MOS) of an U.S. Marine Corps intelligence officer.
 Ground intelligence officers serve as staff officers and commanders in the operating forces and are responsible for analyzing intelligence and planning, deployment and tactical employment of ground surveillance and reconnaissance units.
 The Ground Intelligence Officer can be a Recon Marine after their training is done.
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency is an intelligence officer who, upon nomination by the President and confirmation by the Senate, serves as the nation's highest-ranking military intelligence officer.
 As the chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Director is the primary intelligence adviser to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and also answers to the Director of National Intelligence through the civilian Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence.
 The Director is also the Commander of the Joint Functional Component Command for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance, a subordinate command of United States Strategic Command.
 Additionally, he chairs the Military Intelligence Board, which coordinates activities of the entire defense intelligence community.
The National Intelligence Cross is a decoration of the United States Intelligence Community (IC) awarded under the National Intelligence Awards (NIA) Program by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI).
 It is the highest award presented by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
 It is equivalent of the Central Intelligence Agency's Distinguished Intelligence Cross.
The National Intelligence Medal of Achievement is an award that was presented to members of the United States Intelligence Community, both civilian and military, to recognize significant acts of service to the community as a whole.
 The National Intelligence Medal of Achievement was replaced with the equivalent National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal, during the restructuring of the National Intelligence Community Awards (NICA) Program, with the revision of Intelligence Community Directive 655 (National Intelligence Awards Program) in 2012.
The National Intelligence Superior Service Medal is an award of the National Intelligence Awards Program that recognizes an individual's superior service or a lasting contribution over a long period of time to the United States Intelligence Community and the United States as a whole.
 The medal ranks below the National Intelligence Distinguished Service Medal, but above the National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal.
The National Intelligence Board (formerly the National Foreign Intelligence Board) is a body of senior U.S. intelligence community leaders led by the Director of National Intelligence (DNI).
 The Board is tasked with reviewing and approving National Intelligence Estimates (NIEs).
Robert Suettinger was United States President Bill Clinton's national intelligence officer for East Asia at the National Intelligence Council (NIC) from 1997-1998.
 While there, Suettinger oversaw the preparation of national intelligence estimates for the director of the Central Intelligence Agency.
 His areas of specialty included the People's Republic of China and the North Korean nuclear weapons program.
 After working in the Clinton administration, Suettinger has been a senior analyst for the Brookings Institution where he wrote the book "Beyond Tiananmen – The Politics of U.S.-China Relations, 1989-2000".
 He also is a senior advisor at The Stimson Center.
The National Intelligence Reform Medal is an award of the United States Intelligence Community's National Intelligence Awards Program that recognizes extraordinary service in implementing the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act.
 The medal ranks below the National Intelligence Superior Service Medal, but above the National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal.
 Established 23 May 2007 with the creation of the National Intelligence Awards Program, it was retired in November 2010.
National Intelligence Estimates (NIEs) are United States federal government documents that are the authoritative assessment of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) on intelligence related to a particular national security issue.
 NIEs are produced by the National Intelligence Council and express the coordinated judgments of the United States Intelligence Community, the group of 16 U.S. intelligence agencies.
 NIEs are classified documents prepared for policymakers.
