Education in Cambodia is controlled by the state through the Ministry of Education in a national level and by the Department of Education at the provincial level.
 The Constitution of Cambodia establishes that the state shall protect and upgrade citizen's rights to quality education at all levels, guaranteeing that all citizens have equal opportunity to earn a living (Article 66).
 The state shall adopt an education program "according to the principle of modern pedagogy including technology and foreign languages," as well as the state controls public and private schools and classrooms at all levels (Article 67).
 The Cambodian education system includes pre-school, primary, general secondary, higher education and non-formal education.
 The education system includes the development of sport, information technology education, research development and technical education.
 School enrollment has increased during the 2000s in Cambodia.
 USAID data shows that in 2011 primary enrollment reached 96% of the child population, lower secondary school 34% and upper secondary 21%.
The European Master's in Translation (EMT) is a partnership project between the "Directorate-General for Translation" (DGT) of the "European Commission" and a number of universities from a wide range of European countries.
 EMT is a quality label for translation programmes that offer a Master's degree.
 The DGT awards the label to higher education programmes that meet the EMT quality standards for translator training.
 Master programmes that meet these standards can become members of the EMT network.
 The initial project was launched in 2006 and the first network was set up in December 2009, following a rigorous selection in which applicant university programmes were evaluated by academic assessors.
 This first EMT Network consisted of 34 universities in 16 European countries.
 In 2011, 20 more programmes were selected, bringing the total number of members to 54 programmes in 20 European countries.
 In the most recent selection round in 2014, EMT membership increased to 63 member programmes from 22 countries, including two non-EU members (from Switzerland).
 The project serves as a model in its approach to convergence in higher education in Europe, in the broad context of the Bologna process.
The Faculty of Biotechnical Sciences is a public state higher education research institution in the area of biotechnical sciences.
 The main task of this institution is to enable the graduated students with knowledge and skills for individual managing of small family business in the area of biotechnology.
 This Faculty is the only one of its kind in the country and has characteristic study programs.
 Starting for the year 1999/2000 by virtue of the Decision of the Ministry of Education (ref.
 12-2920/2-1999), the Higher Agricultural School had grown into a Faculty of Biotechnical Sciences.
 Within the ten years of functioning, the Faculty has educated many engineers (bachelor) and masters who are included in the food production industry.
 Formally, the Faculty of Biotechnical Sciences is a higher level of the Higher Agricultural School dating back from 1960.
 The launching of such higher educational institution signified filling a gap of many decades in the higher education system of biotechnical sciences and educating staff for the food production capacities.
 The higher education activities of the Faculty of Biotechnical Sciences are organized on different levels of higher education: graduate studies, postgraduate studies and acquiring level of doctor of science, as well as many fundamental, developmental and applicative researches, conducting complex research projects of wider interest for the environment, courses, seminars, workshop for the staff and the students.
 The graduate studies of the three study programs (animal food processing, management in bio-technique and farm production) are realized in accordance with the ECTS system and adjustment of the study programs with the legal regulations.
 The teaching activities of these study programs are organized in eight semesters (four years) for the first two and six semesters (three years) for the last study program.
 Teaching is realized as: lectures, tutorials – seminars, seminar papers and obligative practical training.
 Postgraduate studies are realized as: lectures, exams and other form of teaching activities.
 After preparation and defending of the master thesis, the postgraduate students acquire the title of Master of Biotechnical Sciences.
 The title Doctor of Biotechnical Sciences is acquired after completing doctoral studies and defending doctoral dissertation or only by defending the doctoral dissertation.
Higher education in Denmark is offered by a range of universities, university colleges, business academies and specialised institutions.
 The national higher education system is in accordance with the Bologna process, with bachelor's degrees (first cycle, three years), master's degrees (second cycle, two years) and doctoral degrees (third cycle, three years).
 The majority of higher education institutions are the responsibility of the Ministry of Higher Education and Science (Denmark), however, some higher education institutions within the arts are the responsibility of the Ministry of Culture.
Higher education in Pakistan is the systematic process of students continuing their education beyond secondary school, learned societies, and two-year colleges.
 The governance of higher education is maintained under the Higher Education Commission (HEC) which oversees the financial funding, research outputs, and teaching quality in the country.
 In Pakistan, the higher education system includes the public, private, military, and vocational universities, all accredited by the HEC.
 Since independence, new universities have expanded throughout the country with support provided by the University Grants Commission (UGC), which had been an autonomous institution of recognizing universities until 2002 when it was preceded by the HEC.
 Pakistan produces about 445,000 university graduates and 10,000 computer science graduates annually.
 A number of institutions of higher learning are active in the country, but the HEC recognizes 183 institutions.
 This article provides a comprehensive list of higher education institutions active in Pakistan.
The Swedish Higher Education Act is the Swedish law governing higher education in Sweden.
 Around 80% of the funding for higher education in Sweden is provided by the government.
 The Swedish higher education system is a part of the Bologna Process.
The German education system or continental education system is a higher education model, often contrasted with the Anglo-Saxon education system and the Scandinavian education system.
 It was the standard tertiary education model for most of the countries of Continental Europe before the implementation of the Anglo-Saxon model there due to the Bologna Process.
The Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System or Minnesota State System, previously abbreviated as MNSCU, comprises 37 colleges and universities, including 30 two-year colleges and seven state universities, on 54 campuses in 47 communities in the US state of Minnesota.
 The system is the largest higher education system in Minnesota and is separate from the University of Minnesota system.
 It is the fifth largest higher education system in the United States, educating over 400,000 students annually.
 The MnSCU system is led by the Board of Trustees of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system whom provide policy direction for statewide initiatives.
 The headquarters of the system are located in the Wells Fargo Place building in St. Paul, Minnesota.
<br>
The Bologna Process is a series of ministerial meetings and agreements between European countries to ensure comparability in the standards and quality of higher-education qualifications.
 The process has created the European Higher Education Area under the Lisbon Recognition Convention.
 It is named after the University of Bologna, where the Bologna declaration was signed by education ministers from 29 European countries in 1999.
 The process was opened to other countries in the European Cultural Convention of the Council of Europe, and governmental meetings have been held in Prague (2001), Berlin (2003), Bergen (2005), London (2007) and Leuven (2009).
Higher education in Japan is provided at universities (大学 "daigaku"), junior colleges (短期大学 "tanki daigaku"), colleges of technology (高等専門学校 "kōtō senmon gakkō") and special training schools and community colleges (専修学校 "senshū gakkō").
 Of these four types of institutions, only universities and junior colleges are strictly considered postsecondary education providers.
 The modern Japanese higher education system has undergone numerous changes since the Meiji period and was largely modeled after Western countries such as Germany, France, Britain, and the United States to create a unique Japanese model to serve its national needs.
 The Japanese higher education system differs from higher education in most other countries in many significant ways.
 Key differences include the method of acceptance, which relies almost entirely on one or two tests, as opposed to GPAs (Grade Point Average) or other methods of assessment used in Western countries.
 Because students only have one chance to take this test each year, there is an enormous amount of pressure to do well on this test, and the majority of senior high school education is dedicated to doing well on this single test.
