Marek Tomaszewski (born 20 November 1943 in Kraków) is a Polish pianist.
 He was one half of the pianist duo Marek and Wacek with Wacław Kisielewski from 1963 until his death on 12 July 1986.
 He is the father of French music video director David Tomaszewski.
Stéphan Aubé (born 11 November 1971) is a French Music video director for classical music and pianist.
"OopDeeWopDee" is a hip hop, R&B, and soul song by Casablanca Records recording group NSS16.
 The song features Universal Records David Banner and Aloe Blacc.
 Released on April 20, 2004, the song was written by Greg Lawson, Mike Anthony, and multi-media activist Hakeem Khaaliq who served as the co-producer, music video treatment writer and Music video director for the single.
 Lyrically, the song is a young woman's plea to stay virtuous.
 Due to internal problems between management and the group never toured.
Adnan Khandar (born 17 December 1986) is a Pakistani photographer, cinematographer and music video director.
 He is best known for his music videos "Main Sufi Hun" (2013) for which he earned a nomination of Best Music Video Director at 13th Lux Style Awards and Best Music Video at 2nd Hum Awards.
 Khandar got his second nomination at 3rd Hum Awards for "Shikva" (2014) in the same category.
 In 2015, Adnan won his first Best Music Video Director award at 14th Lux Style Awards.
Yoann Lemoine (born 16 March 1983) is a French music video director, graphic designer and singer-songwriter.
 His most notable works include his music video direction for Katy Perry's "Teenage Dream", Taylor Swift's single "Back to December", Lana Del Rey's "Born to Die" and Mystery Jets' "Dreaming of Another World".
David Tomaszewski (] ; born 6 October 1984) is a French music video director and digital artist of Polish descent.
 He is the son of Polish pianist Marek Tomaszewski.
"Blue Jeans" is a song by American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey for her second studio album "Born to Die" (2012).
 It was released on April 8, 2012, by Interscope Records as the third single from the record.
 Produced by Emile Haynie, the song was written by Del Rey, Haynie, and Dan Heath.
 It is a downtempo ballad with hip hop influences.
 A controversial performance of the song on "SNL" placed Del Rey under scrutiny and polarized opinion.
 Charting across Europe and Asia, "Blue Jeans" reached the top 10 in Belgium, Poland, and Israel.
 Two music videos were created for the song.
 The first was self-produced.
 The second was shot and directed by Yoann Lemoine, featuring film noir elements and crocodiles.
"Run Boy Run" is a song by Yoann Lemoine, under his stage name Woodkid.
 It was released as the second single from his debut studio album, "The Golden Age" (2012).
 It was written by Lemoine and Ambroise Willaume from the French band Revolver.
 The single was released on 21 May 2012, becoming his highest-charting single.
Anthony Mandler (born April 18, 1973) is an American film director, music video director, television commercial director and photographer.
 As a music video director, his most notable and frequent collaborator is Rihanna.
 The two have worked on sixteen music videos together throughout her career, beginning with "Unfaithful" in 2006 and most recently "Diamonds" in 2012.
 He has also written and directed music videos for many other prominent artists including the Spice Girls, Jay Z, Beyoncé, Eminem, Usher, Shakira, Taylor Swift, The Killers, Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber, 50 Cent, Ne-Yo, Nicki Minaj, Drake, Snoop Dogg, Lenny Kravitz, Cheryl Cole, M.I.A., Mary J. Blige, fun.
 and Lana Del Rey.
Christian Gabriel Ledru Macari (born February 8, 1980) is a French music video director and producer from the French West Indies.
 Through his company, Tchimbé Raid Production, he has released more than 50 videos of Hip Hop, RnB, Reggae-Dancehall and Zouk since 2006.
 He was honoured in 2008 at the Paris Olympia for his production of "Le Combat Continue 3" by Kery James.
 He is active on the French Hip Hop scene.
