U.S. Route 19 Truck (US 19 Truck) is a truck route of U.S. Route 19 (US 19) located in Western Pennsylvania in the Pittsburgh Metro Area that has a length of 19 mi .
 It is a loop off US 19; the southern terminus located in Mt. Lebanon and the northern terminus in McCandless Township, connecting to US 19 at both ends.
 The route is notable for a large, unorthodox interchange with the Penn–Lincoln Parkway (I-376/US 22/US 30) just west of the Fort Pitt Tunnel, where the route joins the Parkway and forms several wrong-way concurrencies, including one with its own opposing directions.
 North of Pittsburgh, U.S. Route 19 Truck is called McKnight Road and south of Pittsburgh it carries West Liberty Avenue and Washington Road.
Pureland Industrial Complex is a 3000 acre industrial park located in Logan Township in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.
 It borders the Delaware River and Raccoon Creek, and is located 12 mi south of the ports of Camden and Philadelphia.
 Interstate 295, U.S. Route 322 and U.S. Route 130 run through it and connect it to major truck routes.
 SMS Rail Lines connect to Penns Grove Secondary and the national rail network.
 It was opened in 1975 and is the largest industrial park in the state of New Jersey, and one of the largest in the world.
The Portland and Southwestern Railroad Tunnel, also known as the Nehalem Divide Railroad Tunnel, is an abandoned railroad tunnel near Scappoose, Oregon, United States, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The tunnel was driven by the Portland and Southwestern Railroad, whose chief business was logging.
 Unusually for a logging railroad, the Portland and Southwestern built tunnels.
 In order to reach the far side of the Nehalem divide in the Northern Oregon Coast Range, the railroad undertook a 1712 ft tunnel.
 Some work was started in 1910, but most work began in 1918 and was completed in 1919.
 Since the tunnel was not through solid rock, the tunnel was lined with timber.
 The tunnel was used until 1945, when it was replaced by a truck road over the divide.
Al Haj FAW motors is sole distributor and assembler of FAW vehicles in Pakistan.
 The company is a subsidiary of Al Haj group and has an assembly plant located in Karachi.
 The assembly plant was inaugurated in 2013.
 The company assembles passenger vehicles, light commercial vehicles and commercial trucks.
 Over the time Al Haj FAW has secured the trust of major transport and logistics corporations in Pakistan as one of the major truck providers.
A truck stop, also known as a transport cafe in the United Kingdom and as a travel center by major chains in the United States, is a commercial facility which provides refuelling, rest (parking), and often ready-made food and other services to motorists and truck drivers.
 Truck stops are usually located on or near a busy road.
Strawberry Park and Strawberry Fields are suburbs in the town of Ellesmere Port, Cheshire West and Chester.
 They are located to the south of Hope Farm and to the west of Backford Cross.
Param (Hindi: परम ) is a village in Rampur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
 It is 3 km from Ram Ganga and 8 km from the Grand Truck Road.
The A5117 is a road in Cheshire, England.
 It runs between Shotwick ( ) and Helsby ( ) and connects the A550 at Woodbank to the M56.
 As such it forms a northerly bypass to Chester and a shorter route between the North West and North Wales than the A55.
 The road is dualled west of the M56.
 There is roundabout with the A540 and at Dunkirk at the western terminus of the M56.
 East of the junction the road is single carriageway and crosses the A41 by way of a roundabout at Backford Cross.
 The A5117 intersects the M53 at Junction 10.
 This junction is just east of Cheshire Oaks Designer Outlet.
 The road then continues almost parallel to the M56, which it intersects at Junction 14, at which there is a Motorway service area.
 The road then continues south east to terminate where it joins the A56 at Helsby.
U.S. Route 287 is a north–south United States highway.
 It is 2,882 km long.
 It serves as the major truck route between Fort Worth, Texas and Amarillo, Texas, and between Fort Collins, Colorado and Laramie, Wyoming.
 The highway is broken into two segments by Yellowstone National Park, where an unnumbered park road serves as a connector.
Backford Cross is a village on the Wirral Peninsula, Cheshire, England.
 It is a suburb of the town of Ellesmere Port and part of Cheshire West and Chester.
 Backford Cross is located around the A41/A5117 junction, south of Great Sutton and about 1.5 mi north of the village of Backford, near Chester.
 Backford Cross is largely made up of residential homes built from 1990 onwards and serves as a commuter village to Ellesmere Port and Chester, although inhabitants show no allegiance to either locality.
 The area is split between postcode districts, with parts of the village in Great Sutton, Ellesmere Port CH66 and other areas in Backford, Chester CH1.
