Star Wars: Republic is an American comic book series set in the fictional "Star Wars" universe.
 The series was published by Dark Horse Comics from 1998 to February 2006.
 The series was originally titled simply "Star Wars", but acquired its "Republic" title at issue 46.
 The entire series comprises 83 issues.
 The "Star Wars: Republic" series is one of a number of comic book series set in the "Star Wars" expanded universe.
Badlands Unlimited is a New York-based independent publisher founded by the artist Paul Chan (artist) in 2010, and consists of artists Micaela Durand (Director), Ian Cheng (Editor at Large), Parker Bruce, and Ambika Subramaniam.
 The press publishes texts by and with other artists in the form of paperbacks, ebooks, digital group exhibitions, a stone book, and other various media.
 The press also does consulting on projects related to digital publishing for art institutions.
The X-Files Season 11 is an 8-issue comic book series published by IDW Publishing.
 The title follows "The X-Files Season 10" comic book series and serves as an extension of the television series "The X-Files".
 Chris Carter, who created the television series, is the Executive Producer of the comic book series, while the issues are written by Joe Harris and illustrated by Matthew Dow Smith and Jordie Bellaire.
Barna Hedenhös (English: "The Hedenhös Children" ) is the name of a series of Swedish children's books in the 1950s written by Bertil Almqvist.
 The story is set in the Stone Age and follows the Hedenhös family.
 "Barna Hedenhös" is mostly known as a book series, but Almqvist also made an animated television series about the Hedenhös family that was broadcast on SVT in 1972.
 Additionally, Almqvist made a comic version of the Hedenhös books for the comic book "Tuff och Tuss" during the 1950s; the comic version later was remade for the Pelle Svanslös children's comic book in the 1970s.
Hit-Girl is a creator-owned comic book series written by Mark Millar and illustrated by John Romita, Jr. The series is published by Marvel Comics under the company's Icon imprint.
 It takes place chronologically between the "Kick-Ass" comic book series and the "Kick-Ass 2" comic book series.
Katherine Alice Applegate (born October 9, 1956 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is an American young adult and children's fiction writer, best known as the author of the "Animorphs", "Remnants", "Everworld", and other book series.
 She won the 2013 Newbery Medal for her 2012 children's novel "The One and Only Ivan".
 Applegate's most popular books are science fiction, fantasy, and adventure novels.
 She won the Best New Children's Book Series Award in 1997 in "Publishers Weekly".
 Her book "Home of the Brave" has won two awards.
 She also wrote a chapter book series in 2008-9 called "Roscoe Riley Rules".
Jesse Stone: Thin Ice is a 2009 American television crime drama film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Tom Selleck, Kathy Baker, and Kohl Sudduth.
 Based on the characters from the Jesse Stone book series created by Robert B. Parker, the film is about the police chief of a small New England town who investigates a cryptic letter sent to the mother of a kidnapped child who was declared dead.
 Filmed on location in Nova Scotia, the story is set in the fictitious town of Paradise, Massachusetts.
 "Jesse Stone: Thin Ice" is the fifth in a series of nine television films based on the characters of Parker's Jesse Stone novels.
 The film received an American Society of Cinematographers Award for Outstanding Achievement in Cinematography, as well as a Canadian Society of Cinematographers Award for Best Cinematography in TV Drama for Rene Ohashi.
Springer Protocols is a database of life sciences protocols published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 These "recipes" allow scientists to recreate experiments in their own laboratory.
 Springer Protocols contains more than 33,000 protocols, most of which are derived from the book series Methods in Molecular Biology, published under the Humana Press imprint.
 That book series, edited by John M. Walker since 1984, contains more than 1,100 volumes and has spawned several related book series.
 "Springer Protocols" replaced "BioMed Protocols", a Humana Press database, in January 2008.
The Stone Book Quartet, or Stone Book series, is a set of four short novels by Alan Garner and published by William Collins, Sons, from 1976 to 1978.
 Set in eastern Cheshire, they feature one day each in the life of four generations of Garner's family and they span more than a century.
Bionicle Legends is the third book series based in the Bionicle universe.
 It had ended in 2008 and was succeeded by a new, final 3-book series, titled "Bionicle Super Chapter Books".
 Bionicle Legends covered the events that occurred in the storyline's 2006–2008 story arc.
 It follows the "Bionicle Adventures" series; but as "Adventures" is almost exclusively told in flashbacks, the events preceding those in "Legends" are told in the first book series, "Bionicle Chronicles".
