He was the fourth son of Sir John Wither Awdry and his second wife Frances Ellen Carr, second daughter of Thomas Carr Awdry was educated at Winchester College and Balliol College, Oxford.
 While at Oxford, he rowed in the Oxford eight in the Boat Race in 1863 and 1864 and his crew won both times.
Thomas Carr College is an Australian Catholic co-educational day school in Tarneit in the western suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria.
 It is named after Thomas Joseph Carr, the second Roman Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne.
 In 2006, the principal since the College's founding, Paul D'Astoli, was transferred and was succeeded by Bruce Runnalls.
 Currently the College's principal is Dr Andrew Watson.
The Thomas Carr Farmstead Site (Keeler Site RI-707) is a historic archaeological site in Jamestown, Rhode Island.
 Located in the vicinity of Tashtassuc Road (the connector road paralleling Rhode Island Route 138) and Eldred Avenue, the site was the farmstead for the locally prominent Carr family from the late 18th century into the 19th century.
Thomas Carr (July 4, 1907 – April 23, 1997) was an American actor and film director of Hollywood movies and television programs.
 Often billed as "Tommy Carr", he later adopted his more formal "Thomas Carr" birth name as his billing name.
Superman (1948) is a 15-part black-and-white Columbia film serial based on the comic book character Superman.
 It stars an uncredited Kirk Alyn (billed only by his character name, Superman; but credited on the promotional posters) and Noel Neill as Lois Lane.
 Like "Batman", it is notable as the first live-action appearance of Superman on film and for the longevity of its distribution.
 The serial was directed by Thomas Carr, who later directed many early episodes of the "Adventures of Superman" television show, and Spencer Gordon Bennet, produced by Sam Katzman and shot in and around Los Angeles, California.
 It was originally screened at movie matinées and after the first three scene-setting chapters, every episode ends in a cliffhanger.
 The Superman-in-flight scenes are animations, in part due to the small production budget.
Oregon Trail is a 1945 American Western film directed by Thomas Carr and written by Betty Burbridge.
 The film stars Sunset Carson, Peggy Stewart, Frank Jaquet, John Merton, Mary Carr and Si Jenks.
 The film was released on July 14, 1945, by Republic Pictures.
Thomas Carr (London, 1780 – Philadelphia, April 15, 1849) was an American music publisher, composer, and organist.
 He was the son of Joseph Carr and the brother of Benjamin.
Thomas Carr Hurd [Whitey] (May 27, 1924 – September 5, 1982) was a middle-relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from 1954 through 1956 for the Boston Red Sox.
 Listed at 5 ft , 155 lb., Hurd batted and threw right-handed.
 He was born in Danville, Virginia.
Thomas Carr "Tommy" Forgan (born 12 October 1929 in Middlesbrough, England) is an English former football goalkeeper.
Joyce Wieland, OC (June 30, 1930 – June 27, 1998) was a Canadian experimental filmmaker and mixed media artist.
