"Good-Bye, Radar" is a two-part episode of the television series "M*A*S*H" that served as the fourth and fifth episodes of the show's eighth season and the 177th and 178th episodes of the series.
 Part 1 aired on October 8, 1979, with Part 2 airing one week later.
 The two episodes aired as a one-hour special during off-season reruns on May 12, 1980.
 As the title of the episode implies, these were the final two episodes to feature Gary Burghoff in his role as Corporal Radar O'Reilly.
Egypt is a BBC television docudrama serial portraying events in the history of Egyptology from the 18th through early 20th centuries.
 It originally aired on Sunday nights at 9 pm on BBC1 in 2005.
 The first two episodes explored the work of Howard Carter and his archaeological quest in Egypt in the early part of the twentieth century.
 The next two episodes focused on the eccentric explorer "The Great Belzoni".
 played here by Matthew Kelly.
 The final two episodes dramatise the discovery and deciphering of the Rosetta Stone by Jean-François Champollion (Elliot Cowan).
Girls und Panzer is a 2012 anime television series produced by Actas.
 The series takes place in a world where girls take up sensha-dō (戦車道 , lit.
 "the way of the tank") or "tankery" in the English dub, the art of operating tanks, which focuses on a girl named Miho Nishizumi and her friends as they participate in their school's sensha-dō program.
 The series aired in Japan between October 9, 2012 and December 25, 2012, although due to production delays, the final two episodes were postponed and were replaced with recap episodes.
 The final two episodes aired in March 2013.
 Original video animation episodes are included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases.
 The opening theme is "DreamRiser" by ChouCho whilst the ending theme is "Enter Enter MISSION!"
 performed by Mai Fuchigami, Ai Kayano, Mami Ozaki, Ikumi Nakagami and Yuka Iguchi.
 The series is licensed in North America by Sentai Filmworks.
Survivor Africa: Panama was the first pan-regional season of the television show "Survivor" to air in central or southern Africa and it included contestants from the countries of Botswana, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Namibia, Nigeria, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
 The show was broadcast on the channel M-net from September 3, 2006, to November 19, 2006, during which time twelve episodes aired.
 The contestants for this season were initially split into two tribes, the Embera tribe, named after Panama's semi-nomadic and heavily body-painted tribe, whose buffs were blue, and the Kuna tribe, named after a traditionally matriarchal and politically organised people of Panama, whose buffs were red.
 During the pre-merge portion of the program the Embera tribe dominated as they won the majority of both the reward and immunity challenges while Kuna saw their numbers dwindle from six to three.
 When the tribes merged into the Nagual tribe their buff colors may have changed to yellow, but their original tribal alliances remained and the former members of Embera quickly voted out Yagazie "Yaga" Chuwumerje and Nana Sarpong, leaving Metasebia "Meti" Yilma as the only former Kuna member left in the game.
 Following the elimination of Nana, Tsholofelo "Tebby" Gasenelwe approached Meti and Olanike "Nike" Gbolahan about forming an all-girl alliance.
 Once formed, the girl alliance, along with Jeremiah Zulu, voted out both Leonard Mapuranga and the leader of the former Embera alliance, Derrick Assetto.
 When it came time for the final four, the contestants competed in two challenges in order to determine the final two.
 The first of these challenges was the "plank" challenge.
 As Meti was the first person to fall off the plank, she was eliminated from the game.
 As Tebby was the last person to fall off the plank, she automatically advanced to the final two.
 The other two contestants competed in a second challenge which Jeremiah won and advanced to the final two while Nike was eliminated.
 Ultimately, it was Gasenelwe from Botswana who won this season over Jeremiah Zulu with a jury vote of 6–0.
Robinson Ekspeditionen: 2000, was the third season of the Danish version of the Swedish show Expedition Robinson and it premiered on 3 September 2000 and aired until 3 December 2000.
 The early part of the season saw the North team's domination of challenges and the formation of an alliance in both teams.
 The first of these alliances was South team's "C Team" alliance, which was composed of the younger members of the tribe, Birger Jensen, Christina Vilsøe, Frank Markussen, and Signe Ilkjær.
 This alliance was quickly broken up when in episode 3 Christina was injured and her fellow tribe members were forced to vote her out and when Signe betrayed her fellow alliance members by voting with Brigitte Hoff and Jens Jensen to eliminate Birger.
 The other, more successful alliance, formed early on in the North team.
 This alliance, composed of Kim Møller-Nielsen, Lærke Bregenhøj, Pia Rosholm, and Sonny Petersen created a voting block that would prove powerful throughout the season.
 Two episodes(episode 9 to be specific) after the teams initially merged, there was a vote to decide which of the eliminated contestants would return to the game.
 Christina won the vote and entered the game, but was soon voted out once again.
 The North team alliance having eventually picked off all merge members outside of their alliance composed the final four, with members Pia and Sonny eventually making up the final two.
 The jury this season was composed of the last eight players eliminated with the public awarding five jury votes as well.
 Ultimately, it was Sonny Petersen who won the season over Pia Rosholm with a jury vote of 8-5.
 Sonny was revealed to have received two of the three public jury votes as well as Anton, Brigitte, Christina, Ebbe, Frank, and Signe's votes.
The Forgotten is an American crime drama television series which premiered on September 22, 2009 on ABC.
 On November 9, 2009, ABC ordered five additional episodes of the series, bringing the first season's total to eighteen episodes.
 The final two episodes of "The Forgotten" aired on July 3, 2010.
"Boston Public", an American drama television series created by David E. Kelley debuted on Fox on October 23, 2000.
 The series was canceled during its fourth season, and Fox aired its final episode on January 30, 2004, although two episodes were left unaired by the network.
 The final two episodes were subsequently aired on March 1 and 2, 2005 on TV One.
 The series centers on the teachers and students of Winslow High School, a fictional public high school located in Boston, Massachusetts.
The fourth season of Desperate Housewives, an American television series created by Marc Cherry, premiered on September 30, 2007 on ABC.
 Filming for the series was interrupted by the 2007-2008 Writers Guild of America strike in November 2007, after production on the two-episode tornado storyline wrapped.
 The first part, "Something's Coming", aired on December 2, 2007. "
Welcome to Kanagawa", the second part and the last episode filmed before the strike, was originally going to be aired after the strike's resolution, but aired on January 6, 2008.
 Seven additional episodes were produced for the fourth season after the strike, the first of which aired on April 13, 2008.
 The final two episodes served as a two-part finale and were aired consecutively on May 18, 2008.
 A total of 17 episodes aired as part of the season, with one recap special airing on September 23, 2007.
Season two of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on April 1, 1998.
 The second season concluded after 18 episodes on January 20, 1999; it remains the longest season of "South Park" to date.
 While most of the episodes were directed by series creator Trey Parker, Season 2 includes two episodes directed by Eric Stough.
Suomen Robinson 2005, was the second season of the Finnish version of Expedition Robinson, or Survivor as it is referred to in some countries and it aired in late 2005.
 Immediately upon arriving to the island the contestants were forced to compete in two challenges in order to determine who would be eliminated.
 The two contestants, Elena Sinkevitch and Mari Jalonen, were both sent to a secret island.
 As a major twist this season, during the pre-merge portion of the game when a contestant was voted out they would move to a secret island where they would compete against two other contestants to remain in the game.
 The two contestants left on the secret island following the final duel, Elena Sinkevitch and Markku Markkanen, joined the other members of the merge tribe.
 The contestants were then divided up into two tribes known as "Goal" and "Texas".
 When it came time for the final four, the contestants took part in the infamous "plank" competition in which Jasna Preselj was eliminated and Markku Markkanen advanced to the final two.
 The other two contestants then took part in one more challenge in which Mira Jantunen won and advanced to the final two while Elena Sinkevitch was eliminated.
 The final two then took part in a duel which Mira Jantunen won and earned an extra jury vote for herself.
 Along with this, Mira also won the audience's jury vote.
 Ultimately, it was Mira Jantunen who won this season over Markku Markkanen by a unanimous jury vote of 11-0.
