John Maxwell (March 11, 1918 Spokane, Washington – July 18, 1982) was an American film and television actor who appeared in over 100 films of the 1940s and 1950s.
 Many times the actor appeared in films uncredited.
 Occasionally he played larger roles in movies, such as in "The Prowler".
 He was born in Spokane, Washington.
 His television guest appearances included "The Lone Ranger", "Lassie", "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp", "The Rifleman" and "Bonanza".
David Alan Doremus (born December 23, 1957) is a California businessman who as a child actor appeared as Hal Everett on ABC's "Nanny and the Professor" and as George "G.W." Haines for five years on CBS's "The Waltons".
Bob Acres is a small unincorporated community in rural Iberia Parish, Louisiana.
 It was established as a train station by American actor Joseph Jefferson, who owned nearby Orange Island (now Jefferson Island,_Louisiana), an inland salt dome that only appeared to be an island from a distance.
 Jefferson named Bob Acres after a character (see Bob Acres) in "The Rivals", one of the plays in which the actor appeared.
Neil Affleck (born 1953) is a Canadian animator, director, and former actor.
 He has worked as an animator on "The Simpsons" and "Family Guy", and as an actor appeared in a leading role in the 1981 film "My Bloody Valentine".
 He also directed cartoons such as "Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends," "Mike the Knight," and the 2009 "Doki" special.
 He animated six episodes of "Rocko's Modern Life", five episodes of "The Critic" and one episode of "Pearlie", "The Legend of Prince Valiant", and "Wayside".
 Affleck won the Norman McLaren award for his animated film "Hands".
Anthony Lyn is a Welsh theatrical director and actor, originally from Swansea in South Wales.
 During his early life, he performed in numerous shows at the Grand Theatre in Swansea.
 As an actor appeared in London's West End & toured Nationally.
Heinrich Gotho was an Austrian film actor.
 He started his acting career at some provincial theatres, until he found an engagement at the Neues Volkstheater in Berlin.
 The character actor appeared in over 50 films between 1922 and 1933, mostly in smaller roles.
 He notably appeared in numerous movies by director Fritz Lang, among them "Dr. Mabuse the Gambler" (1922), "Metropolis" (1927) and "M" (1931).
 Gotho was forced to retire from film acting in 1933, as a Jew he had no possibilites to work any longer in the National Socialist Germany.
The Chris Farley Show was a sketch from the American comedy TV series "Saturday Night Live", which involved comic actor Chris Farley, as a parody of himself, interviewing various celebrities.
 Rather than ask his guest questions that had any popular significance, or allow his guest to plug a current project, he would invariably act nervously, and simply describe scenes from a film in which the guest actor appeared (or occasionally films that had nothing to do with the guest).
 After asking the performer whether he remembered this particular event, Farley would relate, "That was awesome."
 Other times, he would ask questions that were of little relevance, or made no sense at all.
 Invariably, he would say something he regretted and would smack his head and call himself an idiot.
 The skit accentuated Farley's shyness for comic effect.
Babu is a former Indian film actor who has appeared in leading roles.
 After making his debut in Bharathiraja's "En Uyir Thozhan" (1990), the actor appeared in a few more Tamil films before being paralysed following a failed stunt sequence.
Allan Paule (born January 1, 1970) is a veteran Filipino actor appeared in more than 100 movies and television series.
Weston Woods Studios (or simply Weston Woods) is a production company that makes audio and short films based on well-known books for children.
 It was founded in 1953 by Morton Schindel in Weston, Connecticut, and named after the wooded area near his home.
 The company's first project was "Andy and the Lion" in 1954, and its first animated film was "The Snowy Day" in 1963.
 Starting in 1968, Weston Woods began a long collaboration with animator Gene Deitch and opened international offices in Henley-on-Thames, England, UK, in 1972; Canada in 1975; and Australia in 1977.
 In addition to making the films, the company also conducted interviews with the writers, illustrators, and makers of the films.
 The films appeared on children's television programs such as "Captain Kangaroo" and "Eureeka's Castle".
 In the mid-1980s, the films were released on VHS under the "Children's Circle" titles, and Wood Knapp Video distributed these releases from 1988 to 1995.
