Lexow Committee (1894 to 1895), is the name given to a major New York State Senate probe into police corruption in New York City.
 The Lexow Committee inquiry, which took its name from the Committee's chairman, State Senator Clarence Lexow, was the widest-ranging of several such commissions empaneled during the 19th century.
 The testimony collected during its hearings ran to over 10,000 pages and the resultant scandal played a major part in the defeat of Tammany Hall in the elections of 1894 and the election of the reform administration of Mayor William L. Strong.
 The investigations were initiated by pressure from Charles Henry Parkhurst.
Donny Edward Hathaway (October 1, 1945 – January 13, 1979) was an American jazz, blues, soul and gospel singer, songwriter, arranger and pianist.
 Hathaway signed with Atlantic Records in 1969 and with his first single for the Atco label, "The Ghetto", in early 1970, "Rolling Stone" magazine "marked him as a major new force in soul music."
 His enduring songs include "The Ghetto", "This Christmas", "Someday We'll All Be Free", "Little Ghetto Boy", "I Love You More Than You'll Ever Know", signature versions of "A Song for You" and "For All We Know", and "Where Is the Love" and "The Closer I Get to You", two of many collaborations with Roberta Flack.
 "Where Is the Love" won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals in 1973.
 At the height of his career Hathaway was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and was known to not take his prescribed medication regularly enough to properly control his symptoms.
 On January 13, 1979, Hathaway's body was found outside the luxury hotel Essex House in New York City; his death was ruled a suicide.
Gordon Jamison Davis, a partner in the New York office of the law firm Venable LLP, was born in Chicago in 1941 and has been a resident of New York City since his graduation from Harvard Law School in 1967.
 Mr. Davis has been a prominent leader in New York City's public, civic, and legal affairs for four decades.
 He was Mayor Ed Koch’s first commissioner of parks and recreation and is considered one of New York’s most successful parks commissioners.
 He was one of the first African Americans to become a partner in a major New York corporate law firm (Lord Day & Lord, 1983).
 He is the Founding Chairman of Jazz at Lincoln Center, one of the four Founding Trustees of the Central Park Conservancy, a Founding Member in the first class inducted into the Performing Arts Hall of Fame at Lincoln Center, a Life Trustee of the New York Public Library, an appointee of President Barack Obama to the board of the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, and a recipient of an honorary degree (LL.D.)
 and the Bicentennial Medal from his alma mater, Williams College.
County Route 104 (CR 104) is a county road in Suffolk County, New York, in the United States.
 It runs north from CR 80 in Quogue to New York State Route 24 (NY 24), CR 63 and CR 94 just outside Riverhead.
 Much of CR 104 runs through the David Allen Sarnoff Pine Barrens Preserve, a major New York State Conservation Area that was once owned by Radio Corporation of America.
 There is an access point into the preserve along CR 104 south of Riverhead.
In October 1983, the Riverside Shakespeare Company, then New York City's only year-round professional Shakespeare theatre company, inaugurated "The Shakespeare Project", based at the theatre company's home on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, The Shakespeare Center.
 "The Shakespeare Project" was the first major New York residency of actors from the Royal Shakespeare Company - with Edwin Richfield, Heather Canning, Christopher Ravenscroft, Jennie Stoller and John Kane (the later two from Peter Brook's "A Midsummer Night's Dream") - for a week of public workshops, panel discussions, seminars and performances at the company's Upper West Side theatre, The Shakespeare Center.
 The event was launched at a luncheon in the Shakespeare Room of the Algonquin Hotel attended by Joseph Papp, Helen Hayes, Frank Rich, Gloria Skurski, W. Stuart McDowell, and members of the Royal Shakespeare Company in mid October 1983.
 According to the "New York Times", over one thousand actors, students, teachers and stage directors, from the ages of 15 to 87, signed up for 22 sessions taught by some of the leading actors from London's Royal Shakespeare Company.
Abraham & Straus, commonly shortened to A&S, was a major New York City department store, based in Brooklyn.
 Founded in 1865, it became part of Federated Department Stores in 1929.
 Shortly after Federated's 1994 acquisition of R.H. Macy & Company, it eliminated the A&S brand.
 Most A&S stores took the Macy's name, although a few became part of Stern's, another Federated division, but one that offered lower-end goods than did Macy's or A&S.
Shepard Settlement was a farming hamlet in the northeastern part of the Town of Skaneateles in Onondaga County, New York.
Susan M. Baer (August 25, 1950 – August 9, 2016) was an American public servant who achieved several notable firsts.
 She was the first person to run all three major New York City airports and, in turn, the first woman to manage each of them.
 She was also the first female aviation director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey; and the first woman to manage the Lincoln Tunnel.
Katharine Bement Davis (January 15, 1860 – December 10, 1935) was an American progressive era social reformer and criminologist who became the first woman to head a major New York City agency when she was appointed Correction Commissioner on January 1, 1914.
Shepard Settlement Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Shepard Settlement, Onondaga County, New York.
 It was established about 1823, and remains an active burial ground containing approximately 500 burials.
 It is notable for including the graves of at least 30 veterans of all wars from the Revolutionary War to World War II.
 The gravestones are representative of typical funerary art of the mid-19th century.
