The Berlusconi II Cabinet was the 57th cabinet of the Italian Republic, and the first cabinet of the XIV Legislature.
 It took office following the 2001 elections, and held office from 11 June 2001 until 23 April 2005, a total of 1,412 days, or 3 years, 10 months and 12 days.
 It held office for the longest period in the history of the Republic, and for the second longest period in the history of unified Italy since 1861 (outlasted only by the Mussolini government).
 During its long tenure, its composition changed significantly.
 Following the poor performance of the centrist parties in the Italian regional elections of 2005, most of the ministers of the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats and the Socialist Party - New PSI resigned from the government, which was succeeded by the Berlusconi III Cabinet.
Aleksandras Stulginskis University is a university in Lithuania, in Akademija, west of Kaunas.
 It was renamed from Lithuanian University of Agriculture in 2011.
Šilalė district Kaltinėnai Aleksandras Stulginskis Gymnasium is a day, public, co-educational school.
 It is located at 22 Varnių Str., Kaltinėnai, Šilalė district.
 It offers primary, basic, secondary and optional education programmes.
 Institution code 190329256.
The Second Seimas of Lithuania was the second parliament (Seimas) democratically elected in Lithuania after it declared independence on February 16, 1918.
 It was the only regular interwar Seimas which completed its full three-year term from May 1923 to March 1926.
 The First Seimas, elected in fall 1922, was in virtual deadlock as no party or coalition could gain a majority.
 President Aleksandras Stulginskis was forced to dissolve it on March 12, 1923.
 The elections to a new Seimas took place on May 12 and May 13, 1923.
 The Christian Democrats gained two additional seats which were enough to give them a slim majority.
 At first they tried to form a coalition with the Lithuanian Peasant Popular Union.
 The Populists demanded lifting the martial law (introduced during the Lithuanian Wars of Independence), prohibiting political campaigning in churches, and three portfolios in the new cabinet of ministers.
 The Christian Democrats were not inclined to satisfy the demands and the coalition broke apart in June 1924.
Aleksandras Stulginskis ] (February 26, 1885 in Kutaliai, in Šilalė district municipality near Tauragė, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire – September 22, 1969 in Kaunas) was the second President of Lithuania (1920–1926).
 Stulginskis was also acting President of Lithuania for a few hours later in 1926, following a military coup that was led by his predecessor as President (Antanas Smetona) and which had brought down Stulginskis's successor, Kazys Grinius.
 The coup returned Smetona to office after Stulginskis's brief formal assumption of the Presidency.
First Seimas of Lithuania was the first parliament (Seimas) democratically elected in Lithuania after it declared independence on February 16, 1918.
 The elections took place on October 10–11, 1922 to replace the Constituent Assembly, which adopted the final constitution on August 1, 1922.
 The Seimas elected Aleksandras Stulginskis as the President of Lithuania and Ernestas Galvanauskas, as the new Prime Minister, was entrusted to form a new cabinet of ministers.
 However, no coalition could muster a majority and the Seimas was in a deadlock: Galvanauskas formed two cabinets, and both got 38 votes for and against.
 As the Seimas could not continue in such manner, it was dissolved on March 12, 1923.
 New elections were held in May.
The Farmers' Association (Lithuanian: "Ūkininkų Sąjunga" , ŪS) was a political party in inter-war Lithuania.
 Its leaders included Aleksandras Stulginskis, Vytautas Petrulis and Kazys Jokantas.
 A political party, established in 1989 under the same name, claims historical heritage of the ŪS.
In corporate law, the directors register is a list of the directors elected by the shareholders, generally stored in the company's minute book.
 By law, companies are required to keep this list up to date to remove those directors who are deceased or resign, and to add those who have been elected by the shareholders.
 However, the register must also list any person who had been a director indefinitely.
 The record must indicate the dates a director started and stopped holding office.
 As directors carry certain personal legal obligations to a corporation (for example, being responsible for any money held in trust for another person, e.g. sales taxes not remitted to a government), those seeking recourse against directors are allowed to rely on the directors register as proof that a director held office on any particular day.
Harold Wilson was appointed Prime Minister of the United Kingdom by Queen Elizabeth II on 16 October 1964 and formed the first Wilson ministry, a Labour Party government, which held office with a thin majority between 1964 and 1966.
 In an attempt to gain a workable majority in the House of Commons, Wilson called a new election for 31 March 1966, after which he formed the second Wilson ministry, a government which held office for four years until 1970.
José Lino Matute served as the acting president of Honduras from 12 November 1838 until 10 January 1839.
 He was essentially the last president of Honduras when it was part of the United Central America, however his successor Juan Francisco de Molina held office for about a day before Honduras officially became independent.
