The Battle of Hill 609 took place at Djebel Tahent in northwestern Tunisia during the Tunisia Campaign.
 The battle was for control over the key strategic height Hill 609 and its surrounding area between the American forces of the U.S. II Corps and German units of the Afrika Korps.
 The battle proved a formative experience for the American forces - it their first clear cut victory of the campaign and has been called "the American Army's coming-of-age".
The Battle of Saipan was a battle of the Pacific campaign of World War II, fought on the island of Saipan in the Mariana Islands from 15 June to 9 July 1944.
 The Allied invasion fleet embarking the expeditionary forces left Pearl Harbor on 5 June 1944, the day before Operation Overlord in Europe was launched.
 The U.S. 2nd Marine Division, 4th Marine Division, and the Army's 27th Infantry Division, commanded by Lieutenant General Holland Smith, defeated the 43rd Infantry Division of the Imperial Japanese Army, commanded by Lieutenant General Yoshitsugu Saito.
The Battle of Manila, sometimes called the Mock Battle of Manila, was a land engagement which took place in Manila on August 13, 1898, at the end of the Spanish–American War, four months after the decisive victory by Commodore Dewey's Asiatic Squadron at the Battle of Manila Bay.
 The belligerents were Spanish forces led by Governor-General of the Philippines Fermín Jáudenes, and American forces led by United States Army Brigadier General Wesley Merritt and United States Navy Commodore George Dewey.
 American forces were supported by units of the Philippine Revolutionary Army, led by Emilio Aguinaldo.
The Battle of Bataan (7 January – 9 April 1942) represented the most intense phase of Imperial Japan's invasion of the Philippines during World War II.
 In January 1942, forces of the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy invaded Luzon along with several islands in the Philippine Archipelago after the bombing of the American naval base at Pearl Harbor.
 The commander-in-chief of all Filipino and American forces in the islands, General Douglas MacArthur, consolidated all of his Luzon-based units on the Bataan Peninsula to fight against the Japanese invaders.
 By this time, the Japanese controlled nearly all of Southeast Asia.
 The Bataan peninsula and the island of Corregidor were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
 Despite a lack of supplies, Filipino and American forces managed to fight the Japanese for three months, engaging them initially in a fighting retreat southward.
 As the combined Filipino and American forces made a last stand, the delay cost the Japanese valuable time and prevented immediate victory across the Pacific.
 The surrender at Bataan, with 76,000 soldiers surrendering in the Philippines altogether, was the largest in American and Filipino military histories, and was the largest United States surrender since the American Civil War's Battle of Harper's Ferry.
 Soon afterwards, Filipino and American prisoners of war were forced into the Bataan Death March.
The Japanese 20mm Cannon Blockhouse is one of many relics of World War II on the island of Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands.
 It is a concrete blockhouse, semi-circular in shape with a diameter of about 6 m .
 Its walls are 1.22 m thick with four firing ports large enough to accommodate 20mm cannons, originally equipped with steel sliding shutters.
 A steel door 25 mm thick provides access to the structure at the rear, sheltered by a concrete wall and covered defensively by a machine gun port.
 The blockhouse is located near the center of what is locally called Big Agingan Beach (Unai Dankulo Agingan), on the south coast of the island, about 20 m from the shore.
 It was built in some haste by the Japanese forces defending Saipan in 1944, and was captured by Allied forces early in the Battle of Saipan.
The Battle of Attu, which took place from 11–30 May 1943, was a battle fought between forces of the United States, aided by Canadian reconnaissance and fighter-bomber support, and the Empire of Japan on Attu Island off the coast of the Territory of Alaska as part of the Aleutian Islands Campaign during the American Theater and the Pacific Theater and was the only land battle of World War II fought on incorporated territory of the United States.
 It is also the only land battle in which Japanese and American forces fought in Arctic conditions.
The Battle of Manilla (1574) was a battle in the Manila area mainly in the location of what is now Parañaque between Chinese pirates, led by Limahong and the Spanish colonial forces and their native allies.
 The battle occurred on November 29, 1574 when Limahong's fleet landed in the town of Parañaque and from there, began to assault the fortifications of Intramuros.
 Initially, the inhabitants where disorganized and Limahong's forces routed them.
 Furthermore, the Chinese killed the Master-of-Camp of the Spanish, Martin De Goiti.
 This caused them to delay their assault on Manila as Martin de Goiti's house was an obstacle in their march.
 However, upon the arrival of a certain Filipino hero called, Galo, resistance started to organize.
 Under Galo's command, they were able to resist China-born Limahong until Mexico-born Juan de Salcedo arrived from Ilocos with 300 Ilocano Warriors and Limahong was defeated and eventually forced to retreat.
 Thereafter Limahong abandoned his plans to invade Manila and instead, set up a temporary kingdom in Pangasinan.
The Battle of Piqua, also known as the Battle of Pekowee or Pekowi, was part of the western campaign during the American Revolutionary War.
 Led by General George Rogers Clark, over 1,000 soldiers (among them Daniel Boone and Simon Kenton) crossed the Ohio River near present-day Cincinnati and burned five Shawnee villages, including Old Chillicothe, along the Little Miami River.
 Peter Loramie's Store, a British trading post-located in what was later Fort Loramie, Ohio in Shelby County, Ohio-, was also burned by Clark's men.
 The Shawnee gradually withdrew during the first few days before finally engaging American forces 7 miles west of Springfield, Ohio on August 8, 1780.
 Joseph Rogers, a cousin of George Rogers Clark, had previously accompanied him to Kentucky and was later captured by the Shawnee near Maysville.
 Despite having been adopted by the tribe, he was killed during the battle while trying to join American forces.
The South German Offensive is the general name of one of the final offensives of World War II in Europe.
 The offensive was led by the Seventh and Third armies of the United States along with the First Army of France.
 Soviet troops linked up with American forces in Czechoslovakia notably in the Battle of Slivice.
 The offensive was made by the US 6th Army Group to protect the US 12th Army Group's right flank and to prevent a German last stand in the Alps.
 However German resistance was much more fierce than in the north, which slowed the 6th Army Group's progress.
 However, by the end of April, many German divisions surrendered without a fight to the advancing American forces to avoid the inevitable destruction.
 The VI Corps of the Seventh Army linked up with the US Fifth Army, which fought through Italy, in the Alps as the Third Army advanced into Austria and Czechoslovakia, where it linked up with Soviet forces advancing from the east.
 Fighting continued a few days after the Surrender of Germany on 8 May, due to German forces fighting west to surrender to the Americans instead of the Soviets.
The Battle of Manila (February 3, 1945 – March 3, 1945) was a major battle of the Philippine campaign of 1944-45, during the Second World War.
 It was fought by American and Filipino forces against Japanese troops in Manila, the capital city of the Philippines.
 The month-long battle, which resulted in the death of over 100,000 civilians and the complete devastation of the city, was the scene of the worst urban fighting in the Pacific theater.
 Japanese forces committed mass murder against Filipino civilians during the battle.
 Along with massive loss of life, the battle also destroyed architectural and cultural heritage dating back to the city's foundation.
 The battle ended the almost three years of Japanese military occupation in the Philippines (1942–1945).
 The city's capture was marked as General Douglas MacArthur's key to victory in the campaign of reconquest.
