Viscount Ullswater, of Campsea Ashe in the County of Suffolk, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1921 for James Lowther upon his retirement as Speaker of the House of Commons.
 He was the eldest son of the Hon. William Lowther, third son of the Hon. Henry Lowther, second son of William Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale (see Earl of Lonsdale and Lowther Baronets for earlier history of the family).
 The first Viscount lived to the age of 93, and was pre-deceased by both his eldest son the Hon. Christopher Lowther, a Conservative politician, and his eldest son's eldest son John Arthur Lowther (1910–1942) (who was Private Secretary to Prince George, Duke of Kent and was killed in the same air crash as him), the title being inherited by his seven-year-old great-grandson, the second and current Viscount, in an extremely rare instance of a great-grandson succeeding his great-grandfather in a peerage.
 The second Viscount held office in the Conservative administrations of Margaret Thatcher and John Major and since 2003 he is one of the ninety elected hereditary peers that remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999.
 As a descendant of the first Earl of Lonsdale he is also in remainder to this peerage and its subsidiary titles.
 The current holder of the earldom, Hugh Lowther, 8th Earl of Lonsdale, is Lord Ullswater's fourth cousin.
Monika von Habsburg ("née" Monika Maria Roberta Antonia Raphaela Habsburg-Lothringen), Duchess de Santangelo (born 13 September 1954, in Würzburg), the daughter of Otto von Habsburg and Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen.
Karl von Habsburg (Karl Thomas Robert Maria Franziskus Georg Bahnam; born 11 January 1961), also known as "Karl of Austria" and referred to in Austria as "Karl Habsburg-Lothringen", is an Austrian politician, the current head of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine which ruled the lands of the Habsburg Monarchy, the Empire of Austria the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy, and the Kingdom of Hungary as well as the Crown lands of Bohemia and Croatia by hereditary right until the end of World War I. Born in Starnberg, Germany, in 1961, he is the son of Otto von Habsburg and Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen, and the grandson of the last Austrian emperor, Charles I.
 He served as a Member of the European Parliament for the Austrian People's Party 1996–1999.
 Like his father, he is known as an advocate for the Pan-European movement.
Karl-Konstantin von Habsburg (Given names: Karl-Konstantin Michael Stephan Maria; born on 20 July 2004 in Budapest) referred to in Austria as Karl-Konstantin Habsburg-Lothringen, in Hungary as Habsburg Károly Konstantin, and also as Archduke Karl-Konstantin of Austria, is the only son of Georg von Habsburg and Duchess Eilika of Oldenburg.
 s of 2016 , he is considered third in line of succession to the former Austro-Hungarian throne.
 He is the great-grandson of Emperor Charles I of Austria through his grandfather Otto von Habsburg.
 Through his maternal grandfather, he is a descendant of George II of Great Britain, and would therefore be in line for the British throne were he not a Catholic and barred by the Act of Settlement.
Andrea von Habsburg ("Andrea Maria von Habsburg-Lothringen") Archduchess of Austria, Hereditary Countess of Neipperg, (born 30 May 1953, in Würzburg, Bavaria), is the first child and oldest daughter of Otto von Habsburg and his wife Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen.
The Antrobus Baronetcy, of Antrobus in the County Palatine of Chester, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created on 22 May 1815 for Edmund Antrobus, of Antrobus Hall, Antrobus, Cheshire, a Fellow of the Royal Society, with remainder to his nephews Edmund Antrobus and Gibbs Antrobus.
 He died unmarried in 1826 and was succeeded according to the special remainder by his nephew Edmund, the second Baronet.
 He and his brother Gibbs were the sons of John Antrobus, brother of the first Baronet.
 The second Baronet was succeeded by his eldest son, the third Baronet.
 He sat as Member of Parliament for Surrey East and Wilton.
 His eldest son, the fourth Baronet, was a Colonel in the Coldstream Guards.
 He died without surviving male issue and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fifth Baronet.
 Most of the Amesbury Abbey estate in Wiltshire was sold the same year.
 The fifth Baronet died unmarried and was succeeded by his first cousin, the sixth Baronet.
 He was the son of Robert Crawfurd Antrobus, younger son of the second Baronet.
 He was childless and on his death in 1968 the line of the second Baronet failed.
 He was succeeded by his second cousin once removed, the seventh Baronet.
 He was the eldest son of Edward Geoffrey Antrobus, second son of John Coutts Antrobus, son of the aforementioned Gibbs Antrobus, younger brother of the second Baronet.
 As of 2008 the title is held by the seventh Baronet's eldest son, the eighth Baronet, who succeeded in 1995.
 He lives in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Baron Addington, of Addington in the County of Buckingham, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created on 22 July 1887 for the businessman and Conservative Member of Parliament, John Hubbard.
 He was head of the firm of John Hubbard & Co and also sat as a Member of Parliament for Buckingham and the City of London.
 His eldest son, the second Baron, was a partner in the family firm of John Hubbard & Co and represented Buckingham in the House of Commons as a Conservative.
 He was succeeded by his eldest son, the third Baron.
 He was three times Mayor of Buckingham.
 On the death of his younger brother, the fourth Baron, the line of the eldest son of the first Baron failed.
 The title passed to their first cousin once removed, the fifth Baron.
 He was the grandson of Hon. Cecil John Hubbard, third son of the first Baron.
 s of 2016 , the title is held by his eldest son, the sixth Baron.
 He is one of the ninety elected hereditary peers that remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act of 1999.
 Lord Addington sits on the Liberal Democrat benches.
Michaela von Habsburg ("Michaela Maria Madeleine Kiliana Habsburg-Lothringen") was born 13 September 1954, in Würzburg.
 She is the twin sister of Monika von Habsburg, and daughter of Otto von Habsburg and Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen.
Georg von Habsburg (given names "Paul Georg Maria Joseph Dominikus"; born 16 December 1964 in Starnberg), referred to in Austria as Georg Habsburg-Lothringen, in Hungary as Habsburg György, and by his royal name as Archduke Georg of Austria, is the second son, and seventh and youngest child of Otto von Habsburg, the last Crown Prince of Austria-Hungary, and Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen.
 He has worked as a television journalist, based in Budapest, since 1993.
Ferdinand Zvonimir Maria Balthus Keith Michael Otto Antal Bahnam Leonhard von Habsburg (born 21 June 1997 in Salzburg), is the eldest son of Karl von Habsburg, head of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
 Habsburg is a racing driver currently competing in the FIA European Formula 3 Championship.
