The 2011 Ghana Movie Awards was the second edition of the ceremony to reward film practitioners in the Ghana Film Industry.
 The event was held at Accra International Conference center on 25 December 2011.
 Winners included Kimberly Elise, Majid Michel, "Somewhere in Africa". "
Ties That Bind" had 21 nominations and eventually won 9 awards to top the winners list.
 Olu Jacobs received the Lifetime Achievement Award.
Mercy Chinwo is a Nigerian singer and actress, who came into limelight for winning the Etisalat and Pepsi sponsored, Nigerian Idol, Season 2 in 2012.
 She started her musical career by lending her vocals to musical projects by popular Nigerian gospel music artists such as Sammie Okposo, JoePraize, Buchi, Chris Morgan, and Preye.
 A year after winning the Nigerian Idols, she nicked her first movie role in Yvonne Nelson's award winning movie,House of Gold starring alongside Yvonne Nelson, Majid Michel, Omawumi, Ice Prince, Francis Odega and Eddie Watson, where she was also nominated at the 2013 Ghana Movie Awards for best music, original song.
Eddie Nartey (born 6 November 1984) is a Ghanaian actor, director, and producer.
 His supporting role in Frank Rajah’s "Somewhere In Africa" earned him a nomination at the Hollywood and African Film Critics Awards (NAFCA), Ghana movie awards.
 He was nominated in the best actor category for "Kiss Me If You Can."
, He got his first opportunity to do his directorial debut entitled "Could This Be Love" where he co-wrote the movie with Evelyn, which cast Actors like Majid Michel, Kwadwo Nkansah (Lil Win), Nana Ama Mcbrown, Fred Amugi, and Gloria Sarfo Later collaborated with Juliet Ibrahim on the movie "Shattered Romance".
 He then wrote and directed the movie "Royal Diadem" and "She Prayed" the movie.
A Sting in a Tale is a 2009 Ghanaian thriller film written and directed by Shirley Frimpong-Manso and produced by Ken Attoh.
 The film won five awards at the Ghana Movie Awards in 2010, including the awards for "Best Director", "Best Writing — Adapted or Original Screen Play", "Best Cinematography" and "Best Original Song".
The 2016 MTV Movie Awards was held on June 15, 2016 from Warner Brothers Studios in Burbank, California, as the first such event in 21 years as well as being the first Movie Awards to be held outdoors.
 In addition, this year also became the first since the 2006 MTV Movie Awards not to be aired live as the event was pre-recorded on April 9 prior to its April 10 date and the first since the 2003 MTV Movie Awards to include two hosts instead of one.
Joselyn Dumas (born 31 August 1980) is a Ghanaian television host and actress.
 In 2014 she starred in a "A Northern Affair", a role that earned her a Ghana Movie Award and an Africa Movie Academy Award nomination for Best Actress.
The MTV Russia Movie Awards (Before 2009 MTV Movie Awards Russia (Russian: Кинонаграды MTV Россия )) made its debut in 2006 and have celebrated local Russian movies as well as International.
 The MTV Russia Movie Awards (RMA) is the first event of such kind, featuring local and international actors and movie celebrities being honoured by Russian viewers.
Asiavision Movie Awards has been held annually since 2006 to honor the artistes and technicians of south Indian cinema.
 More than 40,000 people across United Arab Emirates attended the 2012 movie awards which was held on November 9, 2012 at Sharjah cricket stadium.
 Mohanlal and Rima Kallingal won Best Actors and Juhi Chawla and Shruti Haasan won excellence awards.
 In 2013 Asiavision Movie Awards was held at Dubai festival city, where Mammootty won Best Actor for Kunjananthante kada and Kavya Madhavan won best actress for Bavuttiyude Namathil .
Bollywood actor John Abraham won Icon of the year and Rani Mukerji won excellence in Hindi cinema for Talaash and Bombay talkies .
 Preity Zinta won Pride of Bollywood award and Karisma Kapoor was one among the chief guests.
 In 2009 first edition of Asiavision Television Awards started at Sharjah cricket stadium where Oscar Award winner Resul Pookutty attended as chief guest.4th and 5th edition of Television Awards witnessed the presence of Mohanlal and Karisma Kapoor along with the television celebrities of Malayalam television industry.
 In 2014 February 8 first edition of Asiavision Radio Awards was launched, where the leading Malayalam radio stations representatives were honored also kareena kapoor khan awarded with Icon of India.
The 2010 Ghana Movie Awards was the maiden edition of the ceremony to reward cinematic achievement in Ghana Film Industry.
 The event was held at the Golden Tulip Hotel, Accra on 25th December 2010. "
Sinking Sands", Juliet Ibrahim, Nadia Buari, John Dumelo, Yvonne Okoro, Majid Michel, John Dumelo & Genevieve Nnaji were among the winners.
The 2013 Ghana Movie Awards was held at the Accra International Conference Center on 30 December, 2013. "
A Northern Affair" and "Contract" were the top winners for the night.
