Cr.
 George Tomas Gahan JP (21 July 191224 June 1980) was an Australian politician and Victorian amateur boxer.
 He was born in Inglewood, Victoria to Benjamin Edward Gahan and Emma Gahan "née Walker".
 The Gahan family later moved to the Melbourne suburb of Prahran where George became a building contractor.
 At a young age George began training as an amateur boxer.
 In his mid 30's Gahan attempted to join the Australian Army and defend his country in World War II.
 Despite being rejected by army due to a duodenal ulcer, Gahan applied a second time, only be to turned away again.
 This tenacious streak proved to be a valuable attribute as George again turned his focus towards amateur boxing, winning a Yarraville boxing competition and in 1949 in the final of the Welter division was beaten by the Australian champion Bill Seewitz.
 George had his last fight at 42 years of age when he was stopped in the 2nd round by his opponent 20 years his junior.
 George's tenacity and fighting talent soon shifted from the boxing ring to the political arena, becoming known as Prahran's "George the Giant Killer".
 From 1957 to 1959, George Gahan was the president of the Prahran-South Yarra branch of the Helping Hand League of Victoria; now known as Inclusion Melbourne.
Juan Carlos Rodríguez Patiño (born August 14, 1990 in Cumaná, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan amateur boxer in the Middleweight division.
 He is considered top amateur boxer at middleweight in Venezuela.
Captain Nathan Hale Bridger was a character on the television series "seaQuest DSV" and was played by Roy Scheider.
 Within the canon of the series, Bridger was not only the commanding officer of both UEO submarines named "seaQuest DSV", but was also the designer of the boats.
Somluck Kamsing (name used in the 1996 Summer Olympics) or Somrak Kamsing (Thai: สมรักษ์ คำสิงห์ ; rtgs: "Somrak Khamsing" ; born January 16, 1973) is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer and Olympic gold medal-winning amateur boxer.
 During the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand, Kamsing lit the torch during the Games' opening ceremony.
 Kamsing was born in Khon Kaen.
 His older brother Somrot Kamsing also competed at the highest level as an amateur boxer.
Dominic Breazeale (born August 24, 1985) is an American professional boxer and one of the division's most popular top contenders.
 As an amateur he fought at super heavyweight and was the number one rated U.S. amateur boxer in the division.
 Breazeale is best known for his 2016 IBF world heavyweight title defeat to current champion Anthony Joshua in London.
Jonathan Hamm (born October 14, 1985) is a former standout amateur boxer, actor, football player and current mixed martial artist.
 Hamm was the #1 Super-Heavyweight Amateur boxer in the United States in 2011 after winning the 2011 U.S. Nationals.
 Hamm was an alternate in the super-heavyweight division of the 2012 London Olympic Games for the U.S. Hamm earned Black College All-American, 1st Team All Conference, 1st Team All-Region and The Marion E. Jackson Defensive Player of the Year in 2006.
 Hamm is originally from Atlanta, Georgia but now lives and trains out of Jackson's Submissions Fighting in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
 His manager is Malki Kawa, founder of First Round Management out of Miami, Florida who houses UFC stars Jon Jones, Benson Henderson, Carlos Condit, Miesha Tate and Frank Mir.
Eros Correa (born January 13, 1993, in San Jose, California) is a Mexican-American amateur boxer in the Flyweight division.
 He is currently the number one rated amateur boxer at Flyweight in the U.S.
Raymond Moylette, more commonly known as Ray Moylette and sometimes incorrectly referred to as Ray Moylett, (born 11 April 1990) is a former Irish amateur boxer and current professional boxer from Derrycooraune, Islandeady, County Mayo, Ireland.
 He represented Ireland in the lightweight division at the 2008 World Youth Amateur Boxing Championships in Guadalajara, Mexico where he won a gold medal.
 Since turning pro, he has teamed up with Assassin Boxing Promotions and is being trained by world class trainer, Paschal Collins.
Onur Şipal (born March 17, 1989) is a Turkish amateur boxer who competed at the 2008 and 2016 Summer Olympics.
 He is a southpaw and competes in the welterweight division.
 His brother Önder Şipal is also an amateur boxer.
SeaQuest DSV (stylized as seaQuest DSV and also promoted as simply seaQuest) is an American science fiction television series created by Rockne S. O'Bannon.
 It originally aired on NBC between 1993 and 1996.
 In its final season, it was renamed seaQuest 2032.
 Set in "the near future"—originally the year 2018 in the first season—"seaQuest DSV" originally mixed high drama with realistic scientific fiction.
 It originally starred film star Roy Scheider as Captain Nathan Bridger, designer and commander of the eponymous naval submarine "seaQuest" DSV 4600.
 Jonathan Brandis also starred as Lucas Wolenczak, a teenaged computer genius placed aboard "seaQuest" by his father and Stephanie Beacham as Kristin Westphalen, the chief medical officer and head of the "seaQuest" science department.
 In the third season, Michael Ironside replaced Scheider as lead of the series and starred as Captain Oliver Hudson.
 Also present was a dolphin character called Darwin who, due to technological advances, was able to communicate with the crew.
 Steven Spielberg expressed interest in the project and served as one of the show's executive producers during the first two seasons.
