Kyun!
 Ho Gaya Na..., released in English as "Look What's Happened Now", is a 2004 Indian Hindi romance film directed by Samir Karnik starring Vivek Oberoi and Aishwarya Rai in lead roles.
 This was the first film of leading South Indian film actress Kajal Aggarwal, who played a small role as a friend of Aishwarya Rai.
Chandamama (Telugu: చందమామ, English translation: "Moon") is a 2007 Telugu film directed by Krishna Vamsi with Navdeep and Kajal Aggarwal of Lakshmi Kalyanam fame in lead roles.
 Siva Balaji, Nagababu and Sindhu Menon play other important roles in the movie.
 The movie is produced by C. Kalyan and S. Vijayanand, the musical score is provided by K. M. Radha Krishnan and the base story by Akula Venkat.Popular actress Charmme Kaur gave her voice to Kajal Aggarwal.
 The film has garnered the state Nandi Award for Akkineni Award for Best Home-viewing Feature Film.
 The film was remade under the name "A Aa E Ee" in Tamil by AVM Productions.
Thuppakki ("The Gun") is a 2012 Tamil-language Indian action-thriller film written and directed by AR Murugadoss.
 It features Vijay and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead roles, Vidyut Jammwal as the antagonist, as well as Jayaram and Sathyan in supporting roles.
 The film, produced by S. Thanu, features background score and soundtrack composed by Harris Jayaraj with cinematography handled by Santosh Sivan.
 The story revolves around an Indian Army officer from a Mumbai-based Tamil family on a mission to track down and destroy a terrorist group and deactivate the sleeper cells under its command, after witnessing and barely escaping a bomb blast executed by them.
Lakshmi Kalyanam is a 2007 Tollywood action drama film directed by Teja.
 Nandamuri Kalyan Ram and Kajal Aggarwal played the lead roles.
 The film released on 15 February 2007 and was declared a "Flop" at the box office, and was one of the year's biggest disasters.
 This film was dubbed in Hindi as "Meri Saugandh" and in Tamil as "Machakaalai".
 This film was Kajal's Tollywood debut.
Brahmotsavam (English: "Grand Celebration" ) is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language drama film written, and directed by Srikanth Addala.
 The film was produced by Prasad V. Potluri under the banner PVP cinema, it features Mahesh Babu, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Kajal Aggarwal and Pranitha Subhash in lead roles.
 Kajal plays in the 1st half of the movie whereas Samantha in the 2nd half.
 Pranitha has a constant role throughout the film.
 Mickey J. Meyer composed the film's music and Gopi Sundar scored the background music.
 R. Rathnavelu and Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao handled the film's cinematography and editing, respectively.
 The film was released on May 20, 2016.
It was dubbed into hindi as The Real Tiger 2
Kajal Aggarwal is an Indian actress who appears in primarily in Telugu and Tamil films.
 She made her acting debut with a minor role in the Hindi film "Kyun!
 Ho Gaya Na...", a box office failure.
 She later signed up P. Bharathiraja's Tamil film "Bommalattam", which was to have been her first film in that language, but it was delayed.
 Aggarwal debuted in Telugu cinema with "Lakshmi Kalyanam" (2007), which was her first film as a lead actress but failed.
 Her other Telugu film that year, "Chandamama", became her first success.
 Her first Tamil debut "Pazhani" came the following year, as did "Bommalattam", after a long delay.
 The following year, she had four releases.
 One of them - S. S. Rajamouli's Telugu film "Magadheera" - became a major breakthrough for her, and earned her a Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu nomination.
Nisha Aggarwal is an Indian film actress who appears in Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam films.
 She is the sister of South Indian actress Kajal Aggarwal.
In 2003 SVCC started their production career with the movie "Ee Abbai Chala Manchodu", directed by "Agathiyan", starring "Ravi Teja", "Sangeetha Krish" and Vani.
 After a gap of a year, SVCC produced one of the biggest blockbuster hits of Tollywood, "Chatrapathi", directed by "S. S. Rajamouli" starring "Prabhas" and "Shriya Saran".
 SVCC uniquely paired in alternate movies with "Ravi Teja" and "Prabhas" for their next two movies, "Khatarnak" starring "Ileana D'Cruz" and "Kajal Aggarwal".
 The production house gained its popularity, by selectiong new scripts always. "
Darling" starring "Prabhas" was their third film together and this was also a hit at the box office.
 This was the second movie with "Kajal Aggarwal".
 They paved way to many other huge movies like, "Devudu Chesina Manushulu", "Ongole Gitta" etc..
 They made some movies like "Sahasam", starring "Gopichand", "Taapsee Pannu", which was an action based historic film and it also created a new dimension for Gopichand's career. "
Attarintiki Daredi" starring "Pawan Kalyan", "Samantha Ruth Prabhu" and "Pranitha Subhash" is again a huge hit yet again at the box office.
 The movie was written and directed by the ace director "Trivikram Srinivas".
 Their films made their way to box office in the perfect way, "Dohchay","Nannaku Prematho" were also great at box office.
 The production house tries=d a new genre Comedy, starring "Allari Naresh", "Kruthika Jayakumar" directed by "G. Nageswara Reddy".
 Their latest film "Radha", with "Sharwanand" and "Lavanya Tripathi" is again a flag bearing hit movie at box office.
Telugu cinema, also known by its sobriquet Tollywood, is the segment of Indian cinema dedicated to the production of motion pictures in the Telugu language, based in Film Nagar, a neighbourhood of Hyderabad, Telangana.
 It is one of the biggest film industries in India.
 Since 1909, film maker Raghupathi Venkaiah Naidu was involved in producing short films and travelling to different regions in Asia to promote film work.
 In 1921, he produced the first Telugu silent film, "Bhishma Pratigna".
 He is cited as the father of Telugu cinema.
 Telugu cinema is the second largest industry of Indian cinema after Hindi Bollywood cinema, accounting for the second largest global box office gross among all Indian film industries.
 In 1933, East India Film Company has produced its first Indian film, "Savitri", in Telugu.
 The film was based on a popular stage play by Mylavaram Bala Bharathi Samajam, directed by father of the "Telugu theatre Movement" Chittajallu Pullaiah and cast stage actors Vemuri Gaggaiah and Dasari Ramathilakam as "Yama" and "Savithri" respectively.
 The film was shot with a budget of estimated in Calcutta.
 The blockbuster film has received an honorary diploma at the 2nd Venice International Film Festival.
Kajal Aggarwal (born 19 June 1985) is an Indian film actress and model.
 One of the most popular Indian celebrities, she has established a career in the Telugu and Tamil film industries and has been nominated for four Filmfare Awards South.
 In addition to acting, Kajal participates in stage shows and is a prominent celebrity endorser for brands and products.
