The Ship Canal Bridge is a double-deck steel truss bridge that carries Interstate 5 (I-5) over Seattle's Portage Bay (part of the Lake Washington Ship Canal, after which it is named) between Capitol Hill and the University District.
 The canal below connects Lake Union with Lake Washington.
 Construction was completed in 1961 and the bridge opened to traffic on December 18, 1962.
 It is 4,429 ft (1,350 meters) long, stands 182 feet above the canal and is 119 feet wide at the upper deck.
 It was the largest bridge of its kind in the Northwest when it first opened.
 The bridge is double-decked, with the upper deck carrying traffic in both directions and the lower deck (the express lanes) carrying traffic southbound in the morning and northbound in the afternoon.
Genesee Park is a 57.7 acre park in the Rainier Valley neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
 A waterway, Wetmore Slough, before the lowering of Lake Washington by nine feet in 1917 as part of the construction of the Lake Washington Ship Canal, it was purchased by the city in 1947 and used as a dump until 1963.
 Development of the park began in 1968.
 It also hosts Seafair hydroplane races and air shows every year.
Salmon Bay is a portion of the Lake Washington Ship Canal—a canal which passes through the city of Seattle, linking Lake Washington to Puget Sound—that lies west of the Fremont Cut.
 It is the westernmost section of the canal, and empties into Puget Sound's Shilshole Bay.
 Because of the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks, the smaller, western half of the bay is salt water, and the eastern half is fresh water (though not without saline contamination—see Lake Union).
 Before construction of the Ship Canal, Salmon Bay was entirely salt water.
The Lake Washington Ship Canal, which runs through the city of Seattle, connects the fresh water body of Lake Washington with the salt water inland sea of Puget Sound.
 The Hiram M. Chittenden Locks accommodate the approximately 20 ft difference in water level between Lake Washington and the sound.
 The canal runs east–west and connects Union Bay, the Montlake Cut, Portage Bay, Lake Union, the Fremont Cut, Salmon Bay, and Shilshole Bay, which is part of the sound.
Interbay is a neighborhood in Seattle, Washington in the United States consisting of the valley between Queen Anne Hill on the east and Magnolia on the west, plus filled-in areas of Smith Cove and Salmon Bay.
 The neighborhood is bounded on the north by Salmon Bay, part of the Lake Washington Ship Canal, across which is Ballard; on the south by what remains of Smith Cove, an inlet of Elliott Bay; on the east by 15th Avenue W. and Elliott Avenue W.; and on the west by Thorndyke, 20th, and Gilman Avenues W.
 The Ballard Bridge crosses the ship canal from Interbay to Ballard.
The Fremont Cut is a body of water that forms part of the Lake Washington Ship Canal, which passes through the U.S. city of Seattle and links Lake Washington to Puget Sound.
 The Fremont Cut connects Lake Union to the east with Salmon Bay to the west.
 It is 5800 ft long and 270 ft wide.
 The center channel is 100 ft wide and 30 ft deep.
Lake Union is a freshwater lake entirely within the Seattle, Washington city limits and a major portion of the Lake Washington Ship Canal.
 Its easternmost point is the Ship Canal Bridge, which carries Interstate 5 over the eastern arm of the lake and separates Lake Union from Portage Bay.
 Lake Union is the namesake of the neighborhoods located on its east and west shores: Eastlake and Westlake, respectively.
 The northern shore of the lake is home to Gas Works Park.
 Notable features of the southern portion of the lake—collectively known as the South Lake Union district—include Lake Union Park, Museum of History & Industry (MOHAI), and the Center for Wooden Boats.
The Black River is a tributary of the Duwamish River in King County in the U.S. state of Washington.
 It drained Lake Washington until 1916, when the opening of the Lake Washington Ship Canal lowered the lake, causing part of the Black River to dry up.
 It still exists as a dammed stream about 2 mi long.
The Conibear Shellhouse is a rowing training and support facility in Seattle, Washington, on the campus of the University of Washington.
 It is used by the men's and women's rowing teams of the Washington Huskies.
 The building was completed in 1949 and renovated in 2005.
 It is located on Lake Washington, near the Lake Washington Ship Canal.
Lake Washington steamboats and ferries operated from about 1875 to 1951, transporting passengers, vehicles and freight across Lake Washington, a large lake to the east of Seattle, Washington.
 Before modern highways and bridges were built, the only means of crossing the lake, other than the traditional canoe, was by steamboat, and, later, by ferry.
 While there was no easily navigable connection to Puget Sound, the Lake Washington Ship Canal now connects Lake Washington to Lake Union, and from there Puget Sound is reached by way of the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks.
