Are You There, Vodka?
 It's Me, Chelsea is a 2008 best-selling book by Chelsea Handler that was released on April 22, 2008, by Simon Spotlight Entertainment, an imprint of Simon & Schuster.
 The book is a collection of humorous and mostly autobiographical essays about her life.
 Handler has stated in an interview with Barnes & Noble that she waited to write a book with such stories with no concrete theme and wrote "" with the theme of one-night stands to get her enough popularity for this sort of book to do well.
 The title is satirically modeled after the Judy Blume novel "Are You There God?
 It's Me, Margaret.
" As of 2008, with the release of "Vodka", sales of her first book have since rocketed; the two titles have sold a combined 1.7 million copies, according to Nielsen BookScan and have both topped several best seller lists.
Chelsea Lately is an American late night comedy talk show hosted by comedian Chelsea Handler which was broadcast on E!.
 The show debuted on July 16, 2007, and was produced by Handler's production company, Borderline Amazing Productions.
 It was taped at Universal Studios Stage 1 in Universal City, California.
 In American markets, the show aired at 11:00 p.m. Eastern and 8:00 p.m. Pacific time but was recorded at 3:30 p.m. PT, usually the same day.
"Chelsea" is an American web television late-night talk show hosted by comedian Chelsea Handler.
 The show debuted on May 11, 2016 and streams Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday each week worldwide on Netflix.
 There has been a total of 96 episodes.
Hello Ross was an American late-night talk show hosted by Ross Matthews.
 The show debuted on September 6, 2013, on E!.
 The show was executive-produced by Chelsea Handler, Ross Mathews, Tom Brunelle, and Ray Giuliani.
 The show was taped in front of a live audience.
 The show's premise was around popular culture and it included sections on celebrity topic discussion, audience participation, a pre-taped segment, and main guest interview.
Are You There, Chelsea?
 (formerly known as Are You There, Vodka?
 It's Me, Chelsea) is an American sitcom created by Dottie Zicklin and Julie Ann Larson.
 It is based on Chelsea Handler's 2008 best-selling book "Are You There, Vodka?
 It's Me, Chelsea" and aired from January 11 to March 28, 2012, on NBC.
 The title is a take on Judy Blume's "Are You There God?
 It's Me, Margaret.
"
Chelsea Does is an American web television documentary series first released on Netflix on January 22, 2016.
 The episodes follow comedian Chelsea Handler as she explores different subjects.
 Most of the episodes include discussions between Handler and her friends (often fellow comedians), family, and psychologists about the topic at hand.
 Handler also travels for the show visiting destinations relevant to the topic.
Lies That Chelsea Handler Told Me is the fourth book by American comedian Chelsea Handler that was published in May 2011.
 This book was a part of a three book deal Handler signed in November 2010.
 The book was followed by a "Lies That Chelsea Handler Told Me" Tour, on which Handler was accompanied by the Comedians of Chelsea Lately.
Chelsea is an American web television late-night talk show hosted by comedian Chelsea Handler.
 The show debuted on May 11, 2016 and streams Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday each week worldwide.
 There will be 90 episodes of the talk show per year and each episode will be 30 minutes.
 The show tapes Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday of each week that it airs.
 It is Netflix's first talk show.
The Chelsea Handler Show is an American sketch comedy series that aired on the E! television network.
 The series starred Chelsea Handler and featured skits that mocked the entertainment industry, spoofed celebrities, television, the elderly, and herself.
 The show aired Friday nights at 10:30 EST.
28.
 Jun is a non-governmental organization launched by Serbian musician Filip Filipi, Filipi launched 28.
 Jun in mid-2010 as a political, social and philanthropic organization for Serbs in the diaspora.
 The organization is named in honor of the Battle of Kosovo in 1389 and Vidovdan.
 It shot to fame in June 2011 when American TV host Chelsea Handler publicly disrespected the Serbian people on her late night show Chelsea Lately.
 As a result, the organization received a huge American following in the media with a lot of people calling for a boycott of her TV show and sponsors until she apologizes.
 In 2012, some 1.5 Million dollars were raised to provide medical supplies to the medical centre in Gračanica, Kosovo.
 The supplies were used to help Kosovo Serbs living south of the Ibar River.
