This is an incomplete 2008 to 2009 list of episodes of Taiwanese entertainment news / variety show 100% Entertainment ().
 It is broadcast on Gala Television (GTV) Variety Show/CH 28 () from Monday to Sunday.
 It is currently hosted by Show Luo and Alien Huang.
 There is usually one or two days in a week that it is broadcast live from the recording studio, on entertainment news sometimes with guests in attendance; the other days are pre-recorded variety specials and Sundays are compilation shows.
100% Entertainment () is a Taiwanese daily entertainment news and variety show broadcast on GTV Variety Show.
 It is broadcast from Monday to Sunday from 18:00 to 19:00 and repeats at 01:00, 06:00 and 10:00.
 It is currently hosted by Show Luo, William Liao, and Butterfly Chien.
 There is usually one or two days in a week (Tuesdays and/or Wednesdays, the days when recordings for other pre-recorded episodes actually takes place) that it is broadcast live from the recording studio, on entertainment news, sometimes with guests in attendance; the other days are pre-recorded variety specials and Sundays are repeats or other shows.
 There are no airings of the show on January 1.
Frank Peppiatt (March 19, 1927 – November 7, 2012) was a Canadian (naturalized American) television producer and screenwriter, considered a pioneer of the variety show genre.
 His credits included "The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour".
 Most notably, co-created the variety show, "Hee Haw", in 1969 with John Aylesworth.
The Amanda Show is an American live action sketch comedy and variety show created by Dan Schneider that aired on Nickelodeon on April 4, 1999 as a pilot, then as a regular series from October 16, 1999 to September 21, 2002.
 It starred Amanda Bynes, Drake Bell and Nancy Sullivan, and featured John Kassir, Raquel Lee, and Josh Peck.
 The show was a spin-off from "All That", in which Bynes had co-starred for several years.
 The show was cancelled at the end of 2002.
 Writers for the show included Schneider, John Hoberg, Steven Molaro, and Andrew Hill Newman.
The Royal Variety Performance is a televised variety show held annually in the United Kingdom to raise money for the Royal Variety Charity (of which Queen Elizabeth II is life-patron.)
 It is attended by senior members of the British Royal Family.
 The evening's performance is presented as a live variety show, usually from a theatre in London and consists of family entertainment that includes comedy, music, dance, magic and other speciality acts.
This is an incomplete 2004 to 2007 list of episodes of Taiwanese entertainment news / variety show 100% Entertainment ().
 It is broadcast on Gala Television (GTV) Variety Show/CH 28 () from Monday to Sunday.
 It is currently hosted by Show Luo and Alien Huang.
 There is usually one or two days in a week that it is broadcast live from the recording studio, on entertainment news sometimes with guests in attendance; the other days are pre-recorded variety specials and Sundays are compilation shows.
NogiBingo!
 ( stylized as NOGIBINGO!)
 is a Japanese television variety show starring Japanese idol girl group Nogizaka46.
 Ijily Okada, who is known for many AKB48 related show such as "AKB48 Nemōsu TV", hosted the program.
 The show firstly aired on July 3, 2013, as part of the variety show "Nogizaka46 x HKT48 Kanbangumi Battle!"
, and it became an independent show from the second season.
Kangsi Coming () was a Taiwanese variety-comedy talk show hosted by variety show veterans Dee Shu (徐熙娣 a.k.a. Xiao S) and Kevin Tsai (蔡康永).
 It was produced by Chungta Production (中大製作) from 2004 to 2009, and currently produced by Gin Star Entertainment (金星娛樂) along with the writing and production staff of GUESS.
 It was first broadcast on 5 January 2004 and currently airs Monday to Thursday at 22:00-23:00 on cable TV CTi Variety.
 In most episodes, the hosts interview a panel of celebrities in various and controversial topics while employing their signature comedic bantering.
 It is broadcast in Hong Kong on ATV Home under the name of "Variety Show of Mr Con and Ms Csi".
Brian Newman (born June 10, 1981) is an American jazz musician, singer, and trumpet player.
 He is most known for his numerous performances with Lady Gaga and her surprise appearances at his performances in New York City.
 Newman currently holds a residency at the Rose Bar at the Gramercy Park Hotel in New York City and is married to American burlesque performer Angie Pontani.
Hot Tub is a weekly variety show hosted by Kurt Braunohler and Kristen Schaal.
 The show features a mix of alternative comedy from unknown performers to more established comedians.
 In 2005, Hot Tub was voted “Best Variety Show” by Time-Out New York’s reader poll and has quickly become one of L.A.’s most popular live comedy events.
 During the first seven years the show saw considerable success at Littlefied's in Brooklyn, New York.
 In 2013, under the helm of The Super Serious Show producers CleftClips, Hot Tub relocated to the West Coast at The Virgil in Silver Lake, Los Angeles.
