Villa Unión is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero Province in Argentina.
Mexican Federal Highway 40, also called the "Carretera Interoceánica" (Interoceanic Highway), is a road beginning at Reynosa, Tamaulipas, just west of the Port of Brownsville, Texas, and ending at Mexican Federal Highway 15 in Villa Unión, Sinaloa, near Mazatlán and the Pacific coast.
 It is called Interoceanic as, once finished, the cities of Matamoros, Tamaulipas, on the Gulf of Mexico and Mazatlán on the Pacific Ocean will be linked.
Poanas is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in northwestern Mexico.
 The municipal seat lies at Villa Unión.
 The municipality covers an area of 1841 km².
Estado de Occidente (also known as Sonora y Sinaloa) was a Mexican state established in 1824.
 The constitution was drafted in that year and the government was initially established with its capital at El Fuerte, Sinaloa.
 The first governor was Juan Miguel Riesgo.
 The state consisted of modern Sonora and Sinaloa, and also modern Arizona more or less south of the Gila River (although in much of this area the Yaqui, Pima, Apaches, and other native inhabitants did not recognize the authority of the state),
Juan Nepomuceno Cortina Goseacochea (May 16, 1824 – October 30, 1894), also known by his nicknames Cheno Cortina, the Red Robber of the Rio Grande and the Rio Grande Robin Hood, was a Mexican rancher, politician, military leader, outlaw and folk hero.
 He was an important caudillo, military general and regional leader, who effectively controlled the Mexican state of Tamaulipas as governor.
 In borderlands history he is known for leading a paramilitary mounted Mexican Militia in the failed Cortina Wars.
 The "Wars" were raids targeting Anglo-American civilians whose settlement Cortina opposed near the several leagues of land granted to his wealthy family on both sides of the Rio Grande.
 Anglo families began immigrating to the Lower Rio Grande Valley after the Mexican Army was defeated by the Anglo-Mexican rebels of the Mexican State of Tejas, in the Texas Revolution.
 From 1836 to 1848 when Cortina was 12–24 years old, parts of the Cortina Grant North of the Rio Grande River was in the disputed territory between the Rio Grande and the Nueces Rivers, claimed by both Mexico and the Republic of Texas.
 The situation had a big impact on Cortina and his perspective on government and power.
 When the United States defeated Mexico in the Mexican-American War in 1848, Mexico was forced to concede the disputed territory to Texas.
 Cortina opposed this concession.
 However, Cortina's Mexican militia was easily defeated and forced to flee into Mexico when the Texas Rangers, the United States Army and the local militia of Brownsville, Texas and Matamoros, Tamaulipas.
 According to Robert Elman, author of "Badmen of the West", Cortina was the first "socially motivated border bandit," similar to Catarino Garza and Pancho Villa of later generations.
 His followers were known as the "Cortinistas."
Operation Sinaloa or Operation Culiacan - Navolato (Spanish: Operacion Sinaloa/Operacion Conjunto Sinaloa) is an ongoing Anti-drug trafficking operation in the Mexican state of Sinaloa by the Federal Police and the Mexican Armed Forces.
 Its main objective is to cripple all cartel organizations such as the Sinaloa Cartel, Beltrán-Leyva Cartel and Los Zetas that operate in that state.
 The Military was deployed in response to the murder of Mexico's Federal Police commissioner Édgar Eusebio Millán Gómez.
Villa Unión is a city and seat of the municipality of Villa Unión, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila.
Villa Unión is the second largest town in the municipality of Mazatlán, after the port of Mazatlán.
 It is located twenty kilometers south of the city on the banks of the Presidio River.
Mitre Department is a department of Argentina in Santiago del Estero Province.
 The capital city of the department is Villa Unión.
Villa Unión is a city in northwestern Argentina and the main settlement of Departamento Coronel Felipe Varela with a population of 12,263.
