Collision in Korea, officially known as the Pyongyang International Sports and Culture Festival for Peace (平和のための平壌国際体育・文化祝典 , Heiwa no tame no Pyon'yan kokusai taiiku bunka shukuten ) , was the largest professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event in history.
 It was jointly produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW), and took place over a period of two days on April 28 and 29, 1995 at May Day Stadium in Pyongyang, North Korea.
 It aired in North America on August 4, 1995, when WCW broadcast a selection of matches from the show on pay-per-view.
The Grand Mass Gymnastics and Artistic Performance Arirang (Chosŏn'gŭl: 아리랑 축제, Hancha: 아리랑 祝祭), also known as the Arirang Mass Games, or the Arirang Festival is a mass gymnastics and artistic festival held in the Rungrado May Day Stadium in Pyongyang, North Korea.
 The games usually begin in early August and end around 10 September.
Pyongyang Korean School for Foreigners (Hangul: 평양외국인학교 ) is a primary school in Pyongyang, Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), a.k.a. North Korea exclusively for foreign children.
 It has also a facility for foreign children studying on secondary school level.
 The school is located at the Munsudong diplomatic compound in Pyongyang, the capital of the DPRK.
 The children who attend are mainly dependents of the diplomatic community and the United Nations agencies in the country, although also children of foreign businessmen, mainly Chinese, have been joining the school.
 All teachers are Korean.
 The language of instruction is English.
 Local textbooks in English are used.
 English and mathematics are the two major subjects, with Korean language, music, art and physical education as minor subjects; from class 3 onwards also science is provided as minor subject.
 In the early 1990s the official name in English of the school was "Pyongyang Foreigners School", which is the straight translation of the name of the school in Korean (평양외국인학교), which didn't change.
Chunghwa County is a county of North Hwanghae, formerly one of the four suburban counties of East Pyongyang, North Korea.
 It sits north of Hwangju-gun, North Hwanghae, east of Kangnam-gun, North Hwanghae, west of Sangwŏn-gun, North Hwanghae, and south of Ryŏkp'o-guyŏk (Ryokpo District), Pyongyang.
 It became part of Pyongyang in May 1963, when it separated from South P'yŏngan Province.
 Chunghwa-gun is the location of a few historic sights (both Revolutionary and pre-Japanese occupation), such as the Chunghwa Hyanggyo, as well as a few KPA weapons units.
 In 2010, it was administratively reassigned from Pyongyang to North Hwanghae; foreign media attributed the change as an attempt to relieve shortages in Pyongyang's food distribution system.
The Rungrado 1st of May Stadium, also known as the May Day Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Pyongyang, North Korea, completed on 1 May 1989.
 It is the largest stadium in the world, with a total capacity of 114,000.
 The site occupies an area of 20.7 ha .
The Mansudae Art Studio is an art studio in Pyeongcheon District, Pyongyang, North Korea.
 It was founded in 1959, and it is one of the largest centers of art production in the world, at an area of over 120,000 square meters.
 The studio employs around 4,000 people, 1,000 of whom are artists picked from the best academies in North Korea.
 Most of its artists are graduates of Pyongyang University.
 The artists do not receive profits from their works, however, as all proceeds go to the state.
 The studio consists of 13 groups, including those for woodcuts, charcoal drawings, ceramics, embroidery and jewel paintings, among other things.
 The studio has produced many of North Korea's most important monuments, such as the Monument to the Founding of the Korean Workers Party, the Chollima Statue, and the Mansudae Monument.
 Its foreign commercial division is known as the Mansudae Overseas Project Group of Companies, which as of 2014 has created monuments for 18 African and Asian nations.
 All images of the Kim family are produced by the Mansudae Art Studio.
 Before his death, the Mansudae Art Studio was under the guidance of Kim Jong-il.
 Since 2009, the studio has had its own space also in the 798 Art District in Beijing, China, known as the Mansudae Art Museum.
Kangnam County is one of the four suburban counties of Pyongyang, North Korea.
 It is north-west of Songrim, north-east of Hwangju County, west of Chunghwa County, and south of Nakrang-guyok.
 It is the location of cooperative farms and smaller industrial complexes.
 It became part of Pyongyang in May 1963, when it was separated from South P'yŏngan.
 In 2010, it was administratively reassigned from Pyongyang to North Hwanghae; foreign media attributed the change as an attempt to relieve shortages in Pyongyang's food distribution system.
 However, it was returned to Pyongyang in 2012.
The Munsu Funfair is an amusement park located in Pyongyang, North Korea.
 Opened in 1984, the park is located near the Chongnyu Bridge, and is across the Taedong River from the Rungnado May Day Stadium.
Kim Sang-duk (Hangul: 김상덕 ; born c. 1959), also known as Tony Kim, is a Korean-American former professor teaching accounting at the Business Administration School of Yanbian University of Science and Technology (YUST) in the northeastern Chinese city of Yanji, near the Chinese border with North Korea.
 According to Voice of America Korea reports, he was a regional director in charge of transporting foreign aid materials to several areas affected by the 2016 floods in North Korea while his humanitarian work has gone on for more than 10 years.
 On April 22, 2017, Kim, a U.S. citizen, and his wife were detained and Kim was subsequently arrested at Sunan International Airport in Pyongyang as he was waiting to board a flight.
 As of June 2017, Kim is currently one of three Americans being held by North Korea; the others are Kim Dong-chul and Kim Hak-Song.
New Zealand–North Korea relations (Korean:뉴질랜드-조선민주주의인민공화국 관계) refers to international relations between New Zealand and North Korea.
 Relations between the two countries have been almost non-existent since the division of Korea.
 During the Korean War in the 1950s, New Zealand troops fought as part of the United Nations force that repelled the North Korean invasion of South Korea.
 Since then, New Zealand and North Korea have had little contact, until July 2000 when North Korean Foreign Minister Paek Nam-sun and New Zealand Minister of Foreign Affairs Phil Goff met in Bangkok, leading to the establishment of diplomatic relations in March 2001.
 The New Zealand ambassador to South Korea based in Seoul is also cross-accredited to North Korea.
 In 2006, North Korea tested its first nuclear weapon, drawing criticism and suspension of relations by the New Zealand government, which holds a staunch anti-nuclear policy.
 New Zealand began re-establishing formal relations in 2007, when the New Zealand Minister of Foreign Affairs Winston Peters visited Pyongyang on November 20 to discuss possible political and economic deals with North Korea, on the basis that it start dismantling its nuclear weapons facilities.
