WBYA (105.5 FM; "The Wolf") is a radio station licensed to Islesboro, Maine, United States.
 The station serves the Mid Coast area with a country music format.
 The station is owned by Binnie Media, and broadcasts from a transmitter on U.S. 1 south of Northport.
WHCL-FM (88.7 FM) is an independent, non-profit, and educational college radio station licensed to the Trustees of Hamilton College operating out of Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, USA.
 It is the only radio station in the town of Clinton.
 The station serves the Utica area and broadcasts a variety of music around the Mohawk Valley.
 The station is student-run with a community adviser.
WKVV (101.7FM) is a radio station licensed to Searsport, Maine, United States.
 Established in 1994 as WBYA, the station serves the Bangor area.
 The stations is owned by the Educational Media Foundation.
 The station carries Educational Media Foundation's K-LOVE Christian music format, simulcasting co-owned WKVZ.
Radio NOVA is a radio station licensed by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland, based in Dublin, Ireland.
 It was awarded its broadcasting licence by the BAI in September 2008 and launched on 1 September 2010.
 It is the only Dublin radio station licensed to transmit to the extensive Dublin commuter belt, including Dublin, Wicklow, Kildare and Meath (County Offaly can also pick up the frequency of Radio NOVA 100fm however it is greater in some areas than others and Mullingar County Westmeath usually cannot get the station).
 NOVA is available throughout County Louth, in south Armagh, south Down, east Tyrone and north Armagh although in some of these areas reception is patchy.
 NOVA broadcasts on 100.3 FM from Three Rock Mountain Dublin, 100.5 from Saggart Hill, County Dublin, to serve County Kildare and 95.7 FM from Bray Head in North Wicklow, to cover County Wicklow.
 The station covers County Meath from its main Dublin transmitter (100.3 MHz).
Radio NOVA 100fm in County Offaly operates (100.3 MHz) to 100.5.
WSTX (970 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Christiansted, U.S. Virgin Islands.
 The station is owned by Caledonia Communication Corporation, a corporation whose majority shareholder, Kevin A. Rames, is an attorney based on St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands.
 Caledonia Communication Corporation purchased the radio station from Family Broadcasting, Inc. on November 19, 2010.
 The station owns and utilizes the tradename "The Most Powerful Voice in Talk".
WSTX-FM (100.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Christiansted, U.S. Virgin Islands.
 The station is owned by Caledonia Communication Corporation, a corporation whose majority shareholder, Kevin A. Rames, is an attorney based on St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands.
 Caledonia Communication Corporation purchased the radio station from Family Broadcasting, Inc. on November 19, 2010.
 The station owns and utilizes the tradename "The Soul of the Caribbean."
WNOC (89.7 FM, "Annunciation Radio") is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Bowling Green, Ohio and serving the Toledo and Bowling Green areas with Catholic programming within the northern portion of the Toledo diocese.
 It is the second Catholic station to make its debut in the Toledo Diocese in the summer of 2010, the other being WJTA "Holy Family Radio" licensed in Glandorf, Ohio and transmitting from Leipsic.
 WNOC airs local programming in addition to programs from EWTN Radio, and Ave Maria Radio.
KIOF-LP (97.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The station, founded by Gregory LaPorta (current President and CEO) was established in 2010, is owned by Las Vegas Public Radio Inc. and affiliated with Associated Press (AP), T-Mobile, the Las Vegas Tribune (a division of Tribune Media Group), Syndication Networks and VOA News.
 Portsonic Communications, LLC is a local community radio investor and management company for Las Vegas Public Radio Inc.
 KIOF-LP is governed under the Local Community Radio Act of 2010 as a new public radio station to the Las Vegas, Nevada valley.
WGBB (1240 AM) is a radio station licensed to Freeport, New York and serves the South Shore of Nassau County and the South Shore of Babylon Town in Suffolk County, New York.
 It is Long Island's oldest radio station, founded in 1924 It broadcasts the Mandarin-language Chinese Radio Network on weekdays, and various English language religious and ethnic programs on weekends.
 The studio is located in West Babylon, NY.
 The broadcasting tower remains in Freeport, former location of the studio.
WAML (1340 AM) is an American radio station that is licensed to serve the community of Laurel, Mississippi.
 WAML operates with a licensed power limit of 1,000 Watts.
 WAML is the first radio station licensed to Laurel and the oldest station still in operation in Mississippi - the station went on the air August 15, 1927.
 WAML aired a sports talk format until going silent on March 4, 2010 and is owned by Walking by Faith Ministries Inc., which is co-owned by Reverend James L. Black and his wife Bobbie
