Michael J. Bryant (born April 13, 1966) is a lawyer, former public administrator and former politician in Ontario, Canada.
 He was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario, representing the downtown Toronto riding of St. Paul's from 1999 to 2009.
 He was a senior member of Dalton McGuinty's provincial cabinet, first as Attorney General, being the province's youngest-ever to hold that post, and subsequently as Minister of Aboriginal Affairs, Minister of Economic Development and Government House Leader.
The Michael J. Kirwan Educational Television Center, also known as KVZK-TV or KVZK Building, is a historic and current television center in Utulei, American Samoa.
 It is named for U.S. congressman Michael J. Kirwan, from Ohio, who took an interest in the development of American Samoa, and was instrumental in securing funding for a wide variety of improvements in the territory's infrastructure.
 It is a utilitarian concrete structure, roughly cruciform in shape, with a corrugated metal gable roof, located behind the Department of Education building on Route 1 in Utulei.
 It was built in 1964 as part of an innovative initiative to reform American Samoa's then-primitive educational facilities by broadcasting lessons from a central facility to the territory's remote schools.
 This initiative resulted in the widespread electrification of the territory's islands, and the construction of roads and new schools, and was widely regarded as a model for improving education in underdeveloped parts of the world.
 By the 1970s use of the broadcast facilities for education declined.
The Michael J. Petrides School is a school located on 715 Ocean Terrace in Staten Island, New York.
 It was created by Board of Education officials, and named after Michael J. Petrides.
 It opened in 1995.
 The school was created on the former College of Staten Island campus.
 Students apply to attend the school through a lottery system.
 However, 8th graders going into high school, who are in the top 2% scoring people for the ELA 7th grade test can get auto-admission if they put Petrides first on their application.
 Its current principal is Joanne Buckheit.
Michael J. Hunter (born July 2, 1956) is an American politician from the state of Oklahoma.
 Hunter served as the Secretary of State of Oklahoma from 1999 to 2002, having been appointed by Governor of Oklahoma Frank Keating.
 On November 1, 2016, he appointed to the same post by Governor Mary Fallin.
 He also serves as Special Counsel to the Governor.
 On February 20, 2017, Hunter was appointed Attorney General of Oklahoma, replacing Scott Pruitt who was confirmed as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency three days earlier on February 17.
The Michael J. Fox Show was an American television sitcom starring Michael J. Fox.
 The series aired on NBC in the United States from September 26, 2013, to January 23, 2014, as part of the 2013–14 American television season.
 Fox made his regular return to television for the first time since he was on ABC's "Spin City".
 It was his second NBC series, as he appeared on that network's sitcom "Family Ties" from 1982 to 1989 as Alex P. Keaton.
Don I. Wortman is a retired U.S. federal government administrator who served 27 years in senior-level executive positions in many federal government agencies.
 He was Acting Commissioner of the Social Security Administration (SSA) from December 13, 1977 to October 4, 1978.
 In early 1977, while working at the Department of Health, Education and Welfare (HEW)—precursor to the Department of Health and Human Services—he was Chairman of the task force for implementing the reorganization of HEW.
 This reorganization included the merging of the Medicare and Medicaid programs into a new agency; this agency was named the Health Care Financing Administration (and renamed the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services in June 2001).
 He became the first Administrator of the Health Care Financing Administration.
 On two occasions—6 months in 1975 and the first 3 months of 1977—he was Acting Administrator of the Social and Rehabilitation Services, the agency which, at that time, administered the Medicaid program and the Aid to Families with Dependent Children program.
The Originals, often called "Motown's best-kept secret", were a successful Motown R&B and soul group during the late 1960s and the 1970s, most notable for the hits "Baby, I'm For Real", "The Bells" and the disco classic "Down To Love Town".
 Formed in 1966, the group originally consisted of bass singer Freddie Gorman, baritone (and the group's founder) Walter Gaines, and tenors C. P. Spencer and Hank Dixon (and briefly Joe Stubbs).
 Ty Hunter replaced Spencer when he left to go solo in the early 1970s.
 They had all previously sung in other Detroit groups, Spencer having been an original member of The (Detroit) Spinners and Hunter having sung with The Supremes member Scherrie Payne in the group Glass House.
 Spencer, Gaines, Hunter, and Dixon (at one time or another) were also members of The Voice Masters.
 As a member of the Holland–Dozier–Gorman writing-production team (before Holland–Dozier–Holland), Gorman (as a mailman) was one of the co-writers of Motown's first number 1 pop hit "Please Mr. Postman", recorded by The Marvelettes.
 In 1964 The Beatles released their version and in 1975 The Carpenters took it to number 1 again.
 This was the second time in pop history that a song had reached number 1 twice as "The Twist" by Chubby Checker, reached number 1 in both 1960 and 1961.
 In 2006, "Please Mr. Postman" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Catherine McCabe is a public administrator and environmental lawyer who served as Acting Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from January to February 2017.
 McCabe also served as Acting Assistant Administrator of EPA's Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance (OECA) from January to May 2009.
 She is currently Acting Regional Administrator for EPA's Region 2, based in New York City.
Michael J. Clouse (sometimes credited as Michael J. Clouse III), an American record producer and songwriter was born in Boston, Massachusetts.
The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research is dedicated to finding a cure for Parkinson's disease (PD) through funded research and ensuring the development of improved therapies for those living with Parkinson's today.
 Established by actor Michael J. Fox in 2000, the Foundation has since become the largest nonprofit funder of Parkinson's disease research in the world, investing more than $650 million in research to date.
 In 2010, the Foundation launched the first large-scale clinical study on evolution biomarkers of the disease at a cost of $45 million over five years.
