The Thurgood Marshall School of Law (TMSL) is an ABA-accredited law school in Houston, in the U.S. state of Texas, that awards Juris Doctor and Master of Law degrees.
 It is part of Texas Southern University.
 Thurgood Marshall School of Law is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund and Association of American Law Schools.
Alabama A&M University is a public, historically black, land-grant university located in Normal, a neighborhood of Huntsville, Alabama, United States.
 AAMU is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund and has been accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
 Founded in the 1870s as a normal school, it took its present name in 1969.
 Alabama Agricultural and Mechanical University Historic District, also known as Normal Hill College Historic District, has 28 buildings and 4 structures listed in the United States National Register of Historic Places.
Virginia State University (VSU), also known as Virginia State, is a historically black public land-grant university located north of the Appomattox River in Petersburg.
 Founded on  06, 1882 (1882--) , Virginia State developed as the United States's first fully state-supported four-year institution of higher learning for black Americans.
 The university is a member school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
Thurgood Marshall College (TMC) is one of the six undergraduate colleges at the University of California San Diego.
 The college, named after Thurgood Marshall, the first African-American Supreme Court Justice and lawyer for the landmark 1954 Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education, emphasizes "scholarship, social responsibility and the belief that a liberal arts education must include an understanding of [one's] role in society."
 Marshall College's general education requirements emphasize this culture of community involvement and multiculturalism; accordingly Marshall houses the minors in Public Service and Film Studies for the campus.
 Significant academic programs and departments have come out of the college over many decades: Communication, Ethnic Studies, Third World Studies, African American Studies, Urban Studies & Planning, and Education Studies.
Bluefield State College (BSC) is a historically black college located in Bluefield, West Virginia, United States.
 It is a part of West Virginia's public education system and offers baccalaureate and associate degrees.
 It is the only non-residential four-year college in the state system.
 Bluefield State College is a member school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
The Thurgood Marshall College Fund (TMCF) is an American non-profit organization that supports and represents nearly 300,000 students attending its 47 member-schools that include public historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), medical schools, and law schools.
 The Thurgood Marshall College Fund is named for the U.S. Supreme Court's first African-American Justice, Thurgood Marshall.
Southern University Law Center, a campus of the Southern University System, opened for instruction in September 1947.
 Its concept was born out of a response of a lawsuit by an African American resident, Charles J. Hatfield, III, seeking to attend law school at a state institution.
 On December 16, 1946, Louisiana State Board of Education took steps to establish a Law School for blacks at Southern University to be in operation for the 1947-1948 session.
 The University is a member-school of Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
Johnny C. Taylor, Jr. is an American lawyer, author and public speaker who serves as the President & CEO of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund (TMCF), the national organization representing the country’s 47 publicly-supported Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
 Taylor also serves on the board of Gallup, a research-based, global performance-management consulting company, and the Board of Trustees of The Cooper Union, a privately funded college located in New York City.
 Since December 2016, he serves as chair of the Cooper Union Governance Committee and as member of the Executive Committee.
 Along with Cantor Fitzgerald and BGC Partners Chief Information Officer and Cooper Union alumnus Eric Hirschhorn, Johnny co-chaired the school's search committee for a full-time president.
 Johnny was elected to the Board of Trustees of the University of Miami on May 5, 2017.
The University of the District of Columbia (UDC) is the only public university in the U.S. capital of Washington, D.C. UDC is one of the few urban land-grant universities in the country and a member school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
Cheyney University of Pennsylvania is a public, co-educational historically black university that is a member of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education.
 Cheyney University has a 275 acre campus that is located in Cheyney, Pennsylvania, a community within Thornbury Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania and Thornbury Township, Delaware County (school straddles both counties), in the state of Pennsylvania.
 Cheyney University is a member-school of Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
 The university offers bachelor's and master's degrees.
 In November 2015, the Middle States Commission on Higher Education placed Cheyney University on probation.
 Administrators are required to address a variety of issues including finances, leadership, and assessment of learning.
