Indian South Africans are citizens and residents of South Africa that are of Indian descent.
 The majority live in and around the city of Durban, making it "the largest 'Indian' city outside India".
 Many Indians in South Africa are descendents of migrants from colonial India (South Asia) during late 19th-century through early 20th-century.
 At times Indians were subsumed in the broader geographical category "Asians".
The Indian Actors Association was formed around 1936 and was a non-profit Hollywood based organization.
 They formed after and were influenced by the War Paint Club, an organization meant to protect rights of Native American actors.
 Additionally, driven by the Hollywood practice of casting non-native actors as Indians in films, the Native actors working in Los Angeles at the time seized their opportunity to establish a pool of “authentic” Indian actors to work in film.
 Their goal was also to keep Indian portrayals and culture from being misrepresented or warped.
 The Indian Actors Association fought for equality and employment for Indian actors at a time when they were not seen as important or equal.
 The country’s economic depression and the Western movie hiatus left many Indian actors unemployed, which caused depression and poverty on the reservations resulting in many Indians looking for employment elsewhere.
India has the world's largest number of vegetarians.
 Many communities in India have always been vegetarian.
 Many Indians who do not regularly follow a vegetarian diet may adopt one during religious festivals.
The 101 Ranch written by Ellsworth Collings in collaboration with Alma Miller England, narrates the history of the famed Miller Brothers 101 Ranch, the Miller Brothers 101 Ranch Wild West Show, and the Miller family who founded and operated both the ranch and the show.
 The 101 Ranch Wild West Show was one of the last of the large Wild West Shows.
 The history spans from 1841, Col. George Washington Miller Jr.'s birth, until 1936, when the last piece of property was auctioned off following the economic downturn of 1929.
 At its height, the ranch encompassed more than 110,000 acre in parts of Noble, Pawnee, Osage, and Kay counties in north central Oklahoma.
 The appendices list the legal description of the land owned by the ranch as well as its Indian leases.
 The book contains some 53 photographs depicting the family, the work on the ranch, the Wild West show, as well as the many cowboys, noted visitors, and many Indians employed or living on the ranch.
The Penn's Creek massacre was a massacre and Indian raid on October 16, 1755 near Penn's Creek where it flows through Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania, US.
 The Indians killed all but one of the 25 settlers; a man who managed to escape and notify local authorities.
 The Indians responsible for the raid were Delaware Indians.
 They were dressed in war paint and war costumes during the attack.
 The area near where the massacre took place was also later rumored to be haunted.
The Arcot Mission of the Reformed Church in America was located in Arcot, Tamil Nadu, India.
 The mission was founded by the Scudder family including John Scudder Sr. (1793–1855) in 1851 in order to provide medical help and convert the Indians to Christianity.
 Through to the Indian Independence period, the Ascot mission was known for tis medical care as well as the successful conversion to Christianity of many Indians.
Joseph Horn Cloud born 1873 and died September 18, 1920.
 His father was Horn Cloud and mother Nest, both parents died at the Wounded Knee Massacre along with two brothers William Horn Cloud (1876-1890), Sherman Horn Cloud (1865-1890) and a niece.
 Joseph was a survivor of the massacre as well as his brother Daniel and half brother Dewey Beard [p. 89-95].
 Dewey's mother was Yellow Leaf who also died during the massacre.
 In the early 1900s a writer named Eli S. Ricker began research for a book he was going to call "The Final Conflict between the Red Men and the Palefaces."
 He gathered sources and interviews about conditions and battles on the Plains during the last half of the 1800s.
 He recorded the interviews in small note pads known to historians as the "Ricker Tablets."
 One such interview was with Joseph telling Ricker what he witnessed at the Wounded Knee Massacre, "When the shooting began the women ran to the ravine.
 The shooting was in every direction.
 Soldiers shot into one another... Many of the Indians in the circle were killed.
 Many of them mingled with the soldiers behind them, picking up guns from dead soldiers and taking cartridge belts."
Deepak (दीपक) is a Hindi word meaning lamp from Sanskrit source of light.
 It is mostly used to decorate houses during Tihar in Nepal and Dipawali in India.
 In the twentieth century, it became very popular as a first name for male Hindus.
 Names like "Deepa" (male-though used for females by many Indians now), "Deepika" (female), "Deepthi" (female), "Deepan" (male), "Deepali" (female) and many others are related to "Deepak".
Bearhead Mountain (8406 ft ) is located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The mountain is named for "kyáiyótokan", a Piegan warrior known for his war against the dreaded Assiniboine "White Dog".
 "kyáiyótokan" was also a survivor of the Marias Massacre and the brother of "Chief Heavy Runner" a confidant of Glacier author James Willard Schultz.
The Westervelt massacre, also known as the Westerfield massacre, was an indigenous attack on a caravan of Dutch frontier settlers that occurred during the American Revolutionary War around 3:00 am on June 27, 1780 in Kentucky County, Virginia, the present day state of Kentucky.
 It remains one of the largest massacres in Kentucky state history.
 The settlers were traveling southeast from Low Dutch Station to Harrod's Town.
 The settler relocation was in part a reaction to British Captain Henry Bird's invasion of Kentucky.
 The area immediately east of Low Dutch Station had been overrun with British allied Indians.
 Harrod's Town was fortified and a move south would lead the settlers away from Captain Bird's invading army from the north.
 The caravan was ambushed in a surprise attack, during the night, after a day's travel of twelve miles.
 The exact location of the massacre is not definitively known.
 However, it is likely to have occurred at Floyd's Fork and Broad Run.
 The caravan was formed by Jacobus Westervelt and consisted of forty-one settlers from ten different families.
 Ten of the seventeen settlers killed were members of the Westervelt family.
 The victims included men, women, and children.
 The Indians responsible for the massacre were allied to the British and received ₤5 for each victim's scalp cut off and returned to the British authorities.
 The Indians were thus awarded ₤85 by the British for massacring the Dutch settlers.
 The Westervelt Massacre had a chilling effect on the region.
 A number of settlers from Low Dutch Station joined Colonel George Rogers Clark's militia after the massacre.
