The Shortcut is a 2009 American horror film directed by Nicholaus Goossen.
 The film stars Andrew Seeley, Shannon Woodward, Dave Franco and Katrina Bowden.
 Adam Sandler's production company, Happy Madison Productions (under the name Scary Madison Productions) made it and Sandler served as an executive producer.
 The film was released direct-to-DVD on September 29, 2009 in the United States.
Hard Sell is an American comedy-drama written and directed by Sean Nalaboff in his directorial debut.
 The film stars Katrina Bowden, Skyler Gisondo, and Kristin Chenoweth, with Hannah Marks and Kevin Kilner in supporting roles.
"The Baby Show" is the ninth episode of the first season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock".
 It was written by co-executive producer Jack Burditt and directed by Michael Engler.
 The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on January 4, 2007.
 Guest stars in this episode include Katrina Bowden, Rachel Dratch, John Lutz, Bridget Moloney, Maulik Pancholy, Chris Parnell, Keith Powell, and Lonny Ross.
Hold Your Breath (stylized as #HoldYourBreath) is a 2012 American supernatural horror film directed by Jared Cohn and it stars Katrina Bowden from "30 Rock" and Randy Wayne.
 The film was released October 5, 2012, in United States.
Sex Drive is a 2008 sex comedy film about a high school graduate who goes on a road trip to have sex with a girl he met online.
 It is based on the young adult novel "All the Way" by American author Andy Behrens.
 The film was directed by Sean Anders, and stars Josh Zuckerman, Amanda Crew, Clark Duke, Seth Green, and James Marsden, while Katrina Bowden, Alice Greczyn, Michael Cudlitz, Dave Sheridan, and David Koechner appear in supporting roles.
 It was released in North America on October 17, 2008, and in the United Kingdom on January 9, 2009.
"Hard Ball" (also known as "Negotiation") is the fifteenth episode of NBC's first season of "30 Rock".
 It was written by one of the season's co-producers, Matt Hubbard, and directed by one of the season's supervising producers, Don Scardino.
 It aired on February 22, 2007 in the United States.
 Guest stars who appeared in the episode were David Alan Basche, Gregg Bello, Katrina Bowden, Kevin Brown, Grizz Chapman, Rachel Dratch, Keith Powell, Lonny Ross and Gregory Wooddell.
 Tucker Carlson and Chris Matthews also appear as themselves in the episode.
Piranha 3DD is a 2012 American 3D comedy horror film.
 A sequel to the 2010 film "Piranha 3D", it is directed by John Gulager from a screenplay by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton.
 It stars Danielle Panabaker, Matt Bush, David Koechner, Chris Zylka, Katrina Bowden, Gary Busey, Christopher Lloyd, and David Hasselhoff.
 Production began on April 27, 2011 with a release scheduled for November 23, 2011, but a month prior to release, the date was revised, and the film was eventually released in the UK on May 11, 2012 and the U.S. on June 1, 2012.
"Hiatus" is the twenty-first and season finale episode of NBC's first season of "30 Rock".
 It was written by series creator and executive producer Tina Fey, and was directed by Don Scardino.
 It first aired on April 26, 2007 in the United States.
 Guest stars in the episode included Katrina Bowden, Kevin Brown, Owen Burke, Grizz Chapman, Matt Dickinson, Rachel Dratch, Brittany Felton, Hannah Flynn, Sean Hayes, Emily Mortimer, Chris Parnell, Portia, Lonny Ross, Justin Smith, Elaine Stritch, Jason Sudeikis and Nikki E. Walker.
 Lester Holt appeared as himself in this episode.
"The Fighting Irish" is the seventeenth episode of NBC's first season of "30 Rock".
 It was written by one of the season's co-executive producers, Jack Burditt and it was directed by Dennie Gordon.
 It aired on March 8, 2007 in the United States.
 Guest stars who appeared in this episode were Dan Bakkedahl, Katrina Bowden, Henry Boyle, Anna Chlumsky, Siobhan Fallon Hogan, Chris Hoch, Alice Kremelberg, Nathan Lane, Boris McGiver, John F Mooney, Brian Murray, Maulik Pancholy, Lonny Ross, Molly Shannon, Jason Sudeikis and Kristen Sudeikis.
Katrina Bowden (born September 19, 1988) is an American actress best known for playing Cerie on the NBC sitcom "30 Rock" (2006–2013).
 She also appeared in films such as "Sex Drive", "Piranha 3DD", and "Scary Movie 5".
