New Zealand–North Korea relations (Korean:뉴질랜드-조선민주주의인민공화국 관계) refers to international relations between New Zealand and North Korea.
 Relations between the two countries have been almost non-existent since the division of Korea.
 During the Korean War in the 1950s, New Zealand troops fought as part of the United Nations force that repelled the North Korean invasion of South Korea.
 Since then, New Zealand and North Korea have had little contact, until July 2000 when North Korean Foreign Minister Paek Nam-sun and New Zealand Minister of Foreign Affairs Phil Goff met in Bangkok, leading to the establishment of diplomatic relations in March 2001.
 The New Zealand ambassador to South Korea based in Seoul is also cross-accredited to North Korea.
 In 2006, North Korea tested its first nuclear weapon, drawing criticism and suspension of relations by the New Zealand government, which holds a staunch anti-nuclear policy.
 New Zealand began re-establishing formal relations in 2007, when the New Zealand Minister of Foreign Affairs Winston Peters visited Pyongyang on November 20 to discuss possible political and economic deals with North Korea, on the basis that it start dismantling its nuclear weapons facilities.
Denmark–North Korea relations (Korean: 덴마크-조선민주주의인민공화국 관계 ) refers to the current and historical relations between Denmark and North Korea.
 Denmark is represented in North Korea through its embassy in Beijing, China.
 North Korea is represented in Denmark, through its embassy in Stockholm, Sweden.
 Denmark supports the efforts to get North Korea back to the six-party talks.
Germany–North Korea relations (Korean: 독일-조선민주주의인민공화국 관계 ) are the bilateral relations between Germany and North Korea.
 During the Cold War, East Germany maintained diplomatic relations only with North Korea, while West Germany maintained diplomatic relations only with South Korea.
 East Germany ceased to exist upon German reunification, which meant that diplomatic relations no longer existed between Germany and North Korea.
 The two countries appointed protecting powers to represent their interests in the other country, Sweden being the protecting power for Germany, and China being the protecting power for North Korea.
At the conclusion of World War II the Allied nations began the process of disarmament of Axis controlled regions.
 Japan occupied Korea at this time and had been in control since 1910.
 In 1945, the decision was made to have American Marines forces oversee Japanese surrender and disarmament south of the 38th parallel and the Soviet Union would facilitate the change of power to the north.
 At the time there was no political motivation and seemed to be a logical and convenient plan of action.
 The original agreement and intent was to create a unified and independent Korea out of the post Japanese occupation era.
 Instead each side of the 38th parallel established its own government under the influence of the occupational country; the United States in South Korea and the Soviet Union in North Korea.
 Both new Korean governments discredited the other and claimed to be the only legitimate political system.
 Tensions between the North and South escalated and each side began to petition foreign powers for resources and support.
 South Korea wanted weapons and supplies from Truman and the United States government while North Korea sought help from Stalin and the Soviet Union.
 The United States was still war weary from the disruptive World War II campaign and refused South Korea's request for weapons and troops.
 North Korea convinced the Soviet Union to supply them with the weapons and support they requested.
 This decision coincided with the United States withdrawing the last remaining combat troops from South Korea.
 North Korea saw its opportunity and attacked South Korean forces at the 38th parallel on June 25, 1950 and thus initiating the Korean War.
Institute of Natural Science (INS) is a university located inside the region of the National Academy of Science in Pyongyang, North Korea.
 As Kim Il-sung, a former leader of North Korea, emphasized the significance of education for gifted and talented students, INS originally started as a branch of Kim Il-sung University on January 17, 1962.
 It was separated from Kim Il-sung University in 1985.
 In South Korean mass media, this university is called "KAIST of North Korea".
 Top students of natural sciences or engineering in North Korea study at this university supported totally by North Korean government.
 Eighty percent of them is graduated from No.1 Middle Schools, which are science high schools for gifted and talented students in North Korea, and the rest thirty percent are medal winners in the national science (math, physics, chemistry, and biology) olympiads or national science quiz contests.
Iran–North Korea relations (Korean: 이란-조선민주주의인민공화국 관계 ; Persian: روابط ایران و کره‌ی شمالی‎ ‎ ) are described as being positive by official news agencies of the two countries.
 Diplomatic relations picked up following the Iranian Revolution in 1979 and the establishment of an Islamic Republic.
 Iran and North Korea pledge cooperation in educational, scientific, and cultural spheres.
 Some media reports claim this cooperation extends to nuclear cooperation, though official U.S. government publications and academic studies have disputed this.
 The United States has been greatly concerned by North Korea's arms deals with Iran, which started during the 1980s with North Korea acting as a third party in arms deals between the Communist bloc and Iran, as well as selling domestically produced weapons to Iran, and North Korea continues selling missile to Iran.
 North Korea and Iran are the remaining two members of George W. Bush's "Axis of evil", which has led to many of the concerns regarding Iran–North Korea relations.
The Communist movement in Korea emerged as a political movement in the early 20th century.
 Although the movement had a minor role in pre-war politics, the division between the communist North Korea and the anti-communist South Korea came to dominate Korean political life in the post-World War II era.
 North Korea, officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, continues to be a Juche "socialist" state under the rule of the Workers Party of Korea.
 In South Korea, communism remains illegal through the National Security Law.
 Due to end of economic aid from Soviet Union after Dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 and impractical ideological application of Communist economy in North Korea over years of economic slowdown in 1980s and receding during 1990s, North Korea replaced Communism with Juche ideology in its 1992 and 1998 Constitutional revision for the personal cult of Kim's family dictatorship and (albeit reluctanly) opening of North Korean market economy reform, though it still remains a centrally planned economy with complete control of the state and agriculture with collectivized farms and state-funded education and healthcare.
Katherine Ann Dettwyler is an American anthropologist and advocate of breastfeeding.
 She was an adjunct professor at the University of Delaware, who wasn't rehired after she made controversial comments on the death of Otto Warmbier, a college student who had been imprisoned in North Korea.
North Korea Strategy Center (NKSC) is a defector-led NGO that was established in Seoul, South Korea in 2007 to raise awareness about North Korea's human rights conditions, and advocate for freedom and unification in Korea.
 Understanding the power of media and information to open minds and bring change, NKSC seeks to bring free press and media into North Korea by working with North and South Koreans, as well as the international community, raising awareness, with emphasis on the need for freedom of information and expression in North Korea.
 Since its inception, NKSC has worked with over 150 North Korean defectors and sent over 40,000 DVDs, 400 radio sets, and 4,000 USBs into North Korea.
Kim Sang-duk (Hangul: 김상덕 ; born c. 1959), also known as Tony Kim, is a Korean-American former professor teaching accounting at the Business Administration School of Yanbian University of Science and Technology (YUST) in the northeastern Chinese city of Yanji, near the Chinese border with North Korea.
 According to Voice of America Korea reports, he was a regional director in charge of transporting foreign aid materials to several areas affected by the 2016 floods in North Korea while his humanitarian work has gone on for more than 10 years.
 On April 22, 2017, Kim, a U.S. citizen, and his wife were detained and Kim was subsequently arrested at Sunan International Airport in Pyongyang as he was waiting to board a flight.
 As of June 2017, Kim is currently one of three Americans being held by North Korea; the others are Kim Dong-chul and Kim Hak-Song.
