Bedok Mall (Chinese: 勿落广场) is a large suburban shopping mall in Bedok, Singapore and part of a mixed development compromising of retail and residential development that is integrated with a bus interchange.
 Located at the heart of Bedok, the integrated retail and residential development comprises a 3-storey lifestyle and family shopping mall and eight 15-storey residential towers called Bedok Residences.
 It was the first major shopping mall to open in Bedok and was built on the site of the former Bedok bus interchange.
Mall of Georgia is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located in Gwinnett County, Georgia, near the city of Buford, 30 mi northeast of Atlanta.
 Built in 1999, it is currently the largest shopping mall in the state of Georgia, consisting of more than two hundred stores on three levels.
 The mall's anchor stores include Belk, Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's and Von Maur, other major stores include Barnes & Noble, Dick's Sporting Goods, and Haverty's.
 Also, located in the Mall of Georgia Crossing is Best Buy, Nordstrom Rack, T.J. Maxx, and Target.
 Also featured in the mall is a large village section, comprising lifestyle tenants and restaurants in an outdoor setting, as well as a 500-seat amphitheater.
 The mall attracts many high end stores such as Coach, Swarovski, Clarks, J.Crew, and Aveda.
 Simon Property Group manages the Mall of Georgia.
Park City Center is a shopping mall located in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and is the largest enclosed shopping center in Lancaster County.
 It is situated at the intersection of U.S. Route 30 and Harrisburg Pike.
 The shape of the mall resembles a snowflake, with its stores occupying 8 corridors extending from the center.
 The roof in the center of the mall is a large white tent, and encloses the octagonal Center Court.
 The mall underwent a major renovation in 2008, which took 18 months and included updates to every part of the mall.
 During its early years Park City was also called "Mall of Four Seasons" because of the seasonal names given to the 4 corridors leading to each anchor.
 Going clockwise from west to east was JC Penney in the two-story Winter quadrant, Sears in Spring, Gimbel's (future Pomeroy's/Boscov's) in Summer and Watt & Shand (later Bon-Ton) in Autumn.
 The high tech mall located in the heart of Amish country was one of the first to have its own closed-circuit television.
 Studios for Park City Communications and Lancaster/York/Harrisburg CBS affiliate WLYH-TV 15 were located on the first floor in the Winter wing alongside an ice skating rink.
Kentucky Oaks Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Paducah, Kentucky, USA.
 Managed by Cafaro Company, the mall includes more than 90 inline stores, as well as regional radio station Rock 98.3 WJLI.
 Its anchor stores comprise JCPenney, Best Buy, Elder-Beerman, a Dillard's store divided into two sub-stores, and Dick's Sporting Goods.
 It was the largest mall in Kentucky by gross leasable area when it opened, and remains the state's third-largest, behind Fayette Mall in Lexington and Mall St. Matthews in Louisville.
SM City Cebu, also known locally as SM Cebu, is a large shopping mall located in Cebu City, Philippines.
 It is the 4th shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings, the country's largest shopping mall owner and developer.
 It is the company's first shopping mall outside of Metro Manila and the 6th largest shopping mall in the Philippines.
 It has a land area of 11.8 hectares and a gross floor area of 268,611 m2
Tower City Rapid Station is a rapid transit station in Cleveland, Ohio, USA.
 It is the central station on the RTA Red Line and the major station on the RTA Green and Blue Lines.
 The station is located directly beneath Prospect Avenue in the middle of the Tower City Center shopping mall.
 The station is only accessible through the Tower City Center shopping complex, and, for this reason, the public concourse of the shopping mall is open at all times that the RTA Rapid Transit is in operation.
The Mall of New Hampshire is a shopping mall located in the Lower South Willow neighborhood of Manchester, New Hampshire.
 Its major anchoring stores are Macy's, Old Navy, JCPenney, Sears and Best Buy.
 The mall has over 120 stores as well as a large food court and is 930000 sqft , making it the third largest mall in New Hampshire after the Mall at Rockingham Park in Salem, and the Pheasant Lane Mall in Nashua, which opened in 1991 and 1986, respectively.
 This was the first large-scale shopping mall in New Hampshire; initial construction of the mall was completed in August 1977, though it has since been dramatically expanded.
Plaza Las Américas is a shopping mall in Hato Rey, San Juan, Puerto Rico, located at the intersection of Routes 18 and 22.
 It is near the Roberto Clemente Coliseum, the Hiram Bithorn Stadium, and the WKAQ-TV's studios. "
"Plaza"", as it is known to many Puerto Ricans, was the first indoor shopping mall built in Puerto Rico.
 It is the largest shopping mall in the Caribbean and the second largest in Latin America.
KGOT (101.3 FM) is a commercial Top 40 (CHR) radio station in Anchorage, Alaska.
 The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and broadcasts (along with its sister stations) from studios in the Dimond Center.
Pavilion Mall is a shopping mall located in Biñan City, Laguna in the Philippines.
 This is the first large shopping mall in Biñan City, which opened on October, 1999, and is currently being managed by the Ayala Malls, the third largest shopping mall chain in the Philippines.
 The mall is very accessible via National Highway or via Mamplasan Exit in South Luzon Expressway.
