Stress is the debut full-length album by the Brazilian heavy, speed metal band Stress.
 It was released in 1982 and re-released on LP in 2002 and CD in 2005 by Dies Irae.
Totentanz (English: Dance of the Dead ): Paraphrase on "Dies irae", S.126, is the name of a symphonic piece for solo piano and orchestra by Franz Liszt, which is notable for being based on the Gregorian plainchant melody "Dies Irae" as well as for daring stylistic innovations.
 The piece was originally planned in 1838 and completed in 1849; it was then revised twice, however, in 1853 and 1859.
Eritis sicut Deus; Verbum Diaboli Manet in Aeternum; Vox Vespertilio Act I – Moon Var Dies Irae
Lupin the Third Part I (ルパン三世 , Rupan Sansei ) is the first TV anime adaptation of Monkey Punch's manga series of the same name.
 Produced by Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation and Tokyo Movie, with character designs by Yasuo Ōtsuka, it was directed originally by Masaaki Ōsumi and later by Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata under the name "A Productions".
 It aired on Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation in two seasons from October 24, 1971 to March 26, 1972, the first 11 episodes being of the first season and the latter 12 of the second.
 The series centers on the adventures of Arsène Lupin III, the grandson of Arsène Lupin, the gentleman thief of Maurice Leblanc's series of novels.
 He is joined by Daisuke Jigen, Lupin's closest ally; Fujiko Mine, the "femme fatale" and Lupin's love interest who works against Lupin more often than with him; and Goemon Ishikawa XIII, a master swordsman and a descendant of Ishikawa Goemon, the legendary Japanese bandit.
 Lupin is often chased by Inspector Zenigata of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police, a descendant of Zenigata Heiji.
 A rather cynical detective, Zenigata has made it his life's mission to chase Lupin across the globe in hopes of arresting him.
The "Naruto" manga is written by Masashi Kishimoto and is published by Shueisha in the "Weekly Shōnen Jump" magazine, in twenty-page installments.
 The first chapter of "Naruto" was published in the issue 43 from 1999, continuing to more than seven hundred chapters in all.
 The "Naruto" manga is serialized in North America by Viz Media in their manga anthology magazine "Shonen Jump", with the first chapter of the English adaptation published in the January 2003 issue.
 The "Naruto" manga is split in two parts to divide the storyline; the first part, Part I, covers the first two hundred thirty-eight chapters of the series.
 Part II of the "Naruto" storyline begins at the two hundred forty-fifth chapter, and takes place two and a half years after the end of Part I.
 The six chapters between Part I and Part II form a gaiden taking place before the regular storyline, called the "Kakashi Chronicles" (カカシ外伝 , "Kakashi gaiden" ) .
 An anime adaptation of the series, produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo, was aired on TV Tokyo, with the first episode shown on October 3, 2002.
 The last episode of the "Naruto" anime aired on February 8, 2007, with the anime adaptation of Part II, known as "", to replace it.
Dies Irae (Japanese: ディエス・イレ , Hepburn: Diesu Ire ) is an upcoming anime series planned for broadcast in 2017.
 It is animated by the studio A.C.G.T, and is an adaptation of Light's video game of the same name.
Dies irae (Japanese: ディエス・イレ , Hepburn: Diesu Ire ) is a visual novel video game developed by Light, originally released in 2007 in Japan.
 A TV anime adaptation, "Dies Irae", is planned for broadcast in 2017.
Genji Monogatari Sennenki: Genji (源氏物語千年紀 Genji , lit.
 "The Tale of Genji: A Millennium-Old Journal: Genji") is a Japanese anime adaptation of "The Tale of Genji".
 Originally, it was meant to be an anime adaptation of Waki Yamato's "The Tale of Genji" manga, but the director decided to make it a direct adaptation of the original tale.
 The anime is directed by Osamu Dezaki.
 The series premiered on Fuji TV on January 15, 2009.
"Pie Jesu" (original Latin: "Pie Iesu") is a text from the final couplet of the "Dies irae" and often included in musical settings of the Requiem Mass as a motet.
Deus Irae is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by American authors Philip K. Dick and Roger Zelazny.
 It was published in 1976. "
Deus irae", meaning "God" in Latin, is a play on "Dies Irae", meaning "Day of Wrath" or "Judgment Day".
 This novel is based on Dick's short story "The Great C."
