Bizaar is the sixth studio album by Insane Clown Posse.
 Released on October 31, 2000, it is the first half of the "Bizaar Bizzar" double album, released the same day as its companion album, "Bizzar".
 It is the 14th overall release by Insane Clown Posse.
Matthew C. "Matt" Taibbi ( ; born March 2, 1970) is an American author and journalist.
 Taibbi has reported on politics, media, finance, and sports, and has authored several books, including "Insane Clown President" (2017), "" (2014), "" (2010) and "The Great Derangement: A Terrifying True Story of War, Politics, and Religion" (2009).
Insane Clown President: Dispatches from the 2016 Circus is a non-fiction book by Matt Taibbi about Donald Trump and the 2016 United States presidential election.
 The book contains illustrations by "Rolling Stone" artist Victor Juhasz.
 Taibbi's choice of title for the book was motivated by Trump's marketing style.
 His work was inspired by Hunter S. Thompson, who had previously published "Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72".
The 2008 presidential campaign of John McCain, the longtime senior U.S. Senator from Arizona, was launched with an informal announcement on February 28, 2007 during a live taping of the "Late Show with David Letterman", and formally launched at an event on April 25, 2007.
 His second candidacy for the Presidency of the United States, he had previously run for his party's nomination in the 2000 primaries and was considered as a potential running mate for his party's nominee, then-Governor George W. Bush of Texas.
 After winning a majority of delegates in the Republican primaries of 2008, on August 29, leading up to the convention, McCain selected Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska as his running mate for Vice President.
 Five days later, at the 2008 Republican National Convention, McCain was formally selected as the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 2008 presidential election.
The United States presidential election of 1996 was the 53rd quadrennial presidential election.
 It was held on Tuesday, November 5, 1996.
 The Democratic national ticket was led by incumbent President Bill Clinton, and his running mate, incumbent Vice President Al Gore.
 The Republican nominee for President was Bob Dole, the former Republican Leader of the United States Senate and long-time Senator from Kansas who was previously the vice-presidential running mate of President Gerald Ford in 1976, following Vice President Nelson Rockefeller's retirement from politics that year.
 Dole's running mate for Vice President was Jack Kemp, a former NFL football player and the Housing Secretary under George H. W. Bush.
 Businessman Ross Perot ran as candidate for the Reform Party with economist Pat Choate as his running mate; he received less media attention and was excluded from the presidential debates and, while still obtaining substantial results for a third-party candidate, by U.S. standards, did not renew his success of the 1992 election.
 Turnout was registered at 49.0%, the lowest for a presidential election since 1924.
The Terror Wheel is the second EP by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse, released on August 5, 1994 by Psychopathic Records.
 It is the second "sideshow" entry in the group's Dark Carnival saga.
 The EP contains six studio tracks.
 "The Dead Body Man" which was subsequently re-released in 1995 on Insane Clown Posse's third studio album "Riddle Box", in a slightly higher key.
 "The Dead Body Man" received significant local radio play in Detroit following the release of "The Terror Wheel".
 The song "The Smog" was originally known as "The Swarm", and was about a deadly swarm of insects.
 "The Smog" was also intended to be released on Riddle Box.
 The final track on the album contains a number you could call to find out the name of the next Joker's Card, "Riddle Box".
 It is the group's 4th overall release.
Big Money Hustlas is a 2001 American comedy film directed by John Cafiero as his feature film debut.
 The film, an homage to exploitation films of the 1970s, focuses on a streetwise San Francisco detective who tries to take down a New York City crime lord.
 It stars Insane Clown Posse's Joseph "Violent J" Bruce and Joseph "Shaggy 2 Dope" Utsler, and Twiztid's Jamie Spaniolo and Paul Methric, and features appearances by Harland Williams, John G. Brennan, Rudy Ray Moore, Mick Foley and The Misfits.
 Released direct-to-video, the film debuted at #1 on "Billboard"'s Top Music Videos chart, and was later certified platinum by the RIAA.
 A Western genre follow-up, "Big Money Rustlas", was released direct-to-video on August 17, 2010.
 In 2015, Insane Clown Posse announced the production of a sequel entitled "Big Money Thrusters".
Mike Earl Clark is an American record producer and DJ from Detroit, Michigan.
 Clark is best known for his work with Insane Clown Posse, for which he has produced nine studio albums, and Kid Rock.
 Clark has produced solo material for Insane Clown Posse members Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope, and contributed production to artists signed to the Psychopathic Records label founded by Insane Clown Posse.
Mutilation Mix: Greatest Hits (That Never Were Hits) is a greatest hits album by the American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse.
 The album consists of excerpts of songs from the group's first three studio albums, as well as some rare, less well-known tracks.
 Dispersed throughout the music are several recordings of phone messages.
 The songs were hand picked by Insane Clown Posse.
 It is the 2nd compilation album and the 9th overall release by Insane Clown Posse.
Behind the Paint is the 2003 autobiography of American hip hop artist Joseph Bruce, better known as Violent J, one half of the Detroit, Michigan hip hop group Insane Clown Posse.
 The book focuses on Bruce's entire life until 2002.
 It begins with a chronological account of his childhood, professional wrestling career, and musical career, including the conception of Insane Clown Posse's Dark Carnival mythology and the development of their fan base, known as "Juggalos".
