Jacob's Ladder is the first album from the Scottish group The Filthy Tongues and was self-released in 2016 by the band on their own label Blokshok Records, in association with Neon Tetra.
 The album follows "Addiction" and "Dark Passenger", two records recorded by an earlier incarnation of the band known as Isa & the Filthy Tongues, as well as following the albums released by the members earlier major label bands Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie and Angelfish.
Angelfish is the 1994 self-titled debut and only studio album released by Scottish alternative rock group Angelfish, fronted by Shirley Manson.
 The "Angelfish" album was born out of necessity when Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie's record distributor MCA expressed interest in recording an album with Manson on lead vocals rather than furthering its commitment to the Mackenzies.
 The Mackenzies' record label boss Gary Kurfirst signed Manson as a solo artist, with the remaining Mackenzies performing as her backing band to circumvent the band's existing deal with MCA.
Martin Metcalfe is a singer and artist from Edinburgh, Scotland.
 He previously played in Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie, Angelfish and Isa & the Filthy Tongues.
 He is currently in a band called The Fornicators, and also paints.
Hammer and Tongs is the second album from the Scottish rock group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie.
 It was recorded in Germany in 1989, at Berlin's Hansa Ton Studios just as the Fall of the Berlin Wall occurred.
 The album sat on the shelf for almost 18 months, in which time the band were transferred across EMI record labels, from Capitol to Parlophone, who released two singles from the album in 1990.
 Parlophone sold the band's record deal to Radioactive Records and MCA, who released "Hammer and Tongs" in the United Kingdom in early 1991 and encouraged the band to record a new song "Now We Are Married" to promote the release.
Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie is a 1988 single by Scottish alternative rock group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie.
 It was their debut major label single, recorded for EMI's Capitol Records, following a string of well-received independent releases.
 Supported by the band performing the single live on national music show "The Tube", "Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie" was the band's first single to reach the Top 75 of the UK Singles chart, when it peaked at #62 on its third week of release.
This is a discography of Scottish recording artist Shirley Manson, who has performed as the lead singer of American rock band shes pretty good but shes no David Bowie.
 Garbage since 1994.
 Before then, she was a backing vocalist and keyboard player for Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie from 1981 to 1992.
 The band had one UK Top 40 single, "The Rattler", and other moderately successful songs such as "Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie".
 Manson was then signed as a solo artist, performing under the name Angelfish with some members of Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie, releasing "Angelfish" in the early 1990s.
Hard is a 1993 extended play single by Scottish alternative rock group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie.
 Both "Hard" and "Normal Boy" were taken from the band's third studio album "Five" which the release of "Hard" preceded.
Five is the third album from the Scottish group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie and was self-released in 1994 by the band on their own label Blokshok Records.
 It has a rougher edge to it than their two previous major label albums, partly due to Martin Metcalfe being inspired by grunge music and The Pixies.
 The album was supported by the extended play release of "Hard" as a single.
 "Five" failed to revive interest outside of the band’s existing fanbase.
 Metcalfe later explained: "We turned to a harder sound and radio wasn’t prepared to play it".
"Blacker Than Black" is a 1990 single by Scottish alternative rock group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie.
 "Blacker Than Black" was the bands second and final single release under the Parlophone label, and preceded its parent album "Hammer and Tongs" by almost a year.
 In 1991, after Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie had signed to Radioactive Records, "Blacker Than Black" was remixed and released as an international single and featured on their debut international album release, also titled "Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie".
The Glory Hole is the fourth and final studio album from Scottish band Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie.
