Ike Reilly (born Michael Christopher Reilly) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and writer as well as frontman and founder of the rock band the Ike Reilly Assassination.
 He started his music career with various rock bands near his hometown of Libertyville, Illinois, playing guitar for groups such as The Drovers in the late 1980s.
 After working for a time in music production, in 2001 he released his debut solo album through Universal Records.
 He afterwards released several albums with The Ike Reilly Assassination, including the well-received "Sparkle in the Finish" in 2004, though Rock Ridge Music.
 He released his seventh album of solo material, "Born On Fire", in June 2015, as the first album release on Tom Morello's new imprint Firebrand Records.
 According to Mario Mesquita Borges of Allmusic, "Reilly has followed a trail separate from most of today's singer/songwriters -- unlike other such artists, Reilly prefers the harshness of intrepid rocking riffs, sustained by ingenious melodies and exalting words."
Jason Gavin is a television writer.
 He has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights" as a writer.
 He was nominated for a Writers Guild of America (WGA) Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights".
 He was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Drama Series for a second consecutive year at the February 2010 ceremony for his work on the fourth season.
John Tinker (born July 11, 1958) is an American television producer and writer.
 Tinker is the co-creator of the CBS drama "Judging Amy", and has been an executive producer and writer on American television shows such as the CBS drama "Chicago Hope", the ABC drama "The Practice", and the NBC drama "The Book of Daniel".
 Prior, Tinker won the 1986 Emmy for Outstanding Writing in a Drama series for the script "Time Heals", which he co-wrote with Tom Fontana and John Masius.
 He is the son of Grant Tinker and the brother of Mark Tinker.
 John graduated Middlebury College in 1981.
Tom Cruise is an American actor and producer who made his film debut with a minor role in the 1981 romantic drama "Endless Love".
 Two years later he made his breakthrough by starring in the romantic comedy "Risky Business" (1983), which garnered Cruise his first nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
 In 1986, Cruise played a fighter pilot in the Tony Scott-directed action drama "Top Gun" (the highest-grossing film that year), and also starred opposite Paul Newman in the Martin Scorsese-directed drama "The Color of Money".
 Two years later he played opposite Dustin Hoffman in the Academy Award for Best Picture-winning drama "Rain Man" (1988), and also appeared in the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture-winning romantic drama "Cocktail" (1988).
 In doing so Cruise became the first and only person as of 2014 to star in a Best Picture Oscar winner and a Worst Picture Razzie winner in the same year.
 His next role was as anti-war activist Ron Kovic in the drama adaptation of Kovic's memoir of the same name, "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989).
 For his performance Cruise received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama and his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
The Carrie Diaries is a young adult novel, the first in a series of the same name by American author Candace Bushnell.
 The series is a prequel to Bushnell's 1997 collection "Sex and the City", and follows the character of Carrie Bradshaw during her senior year of high school during the early 1980s and part of her life in New York City working as a writer.
 The "Los Angeles Times" described it as "[a]n addictive, ingenious origin story."
Craig Warner (born 25 April 1964) is a multiple award-winning playwright and screenwriter who lives and works in Suffolk, England.
 He wrote "The Queen's Sister" for Channel 4, which was nominated for several BAFTA awards (including Best Single Drama), "Maxwell" for BBC2, which garnered a Broadcasting Press Guild Award nomination for Best Single Drama and won David Suchet an International Emmy for Best Actor, and "The Last Days of Lehman Brothers", for which Warner was longlisted for a BAFTA Craft Award for Best Writer, and which won him the award for Best Writer at the Seoul International Drama Awards in 2010.
 He wrote the mini-series "Julius Caesar" for Warner Bros., which gained Warner a Writers Guild Award nomination for Best Original Long-Form Drama, and he performed an extensive uncredited rewrite on "The Mists of Avalon", also for Warner Bros., which was nominated for a Writers Guild Award and nine Emmys, including Best Mini-series.
 Warner wrote the screenplay for "Codebreaker", a film about Alan Turing.
Henry Cecil Leon (19 September 1902 – 23 May 1976), who wrote under the pen-names Henry Cecil and Clifford Maxwell, was a judge and a writer of fiction about the British legal system.
 He was born near London in 1902 and was called to the Bar in 1923.
 Later in 1949 he was appointed a County Court Judge, a position he held until 1967.
 He used these experiences as inspiration for his work.
 His books typically feature educated and genteel fraudsters and blackmailers who lay ludicrously ingenious plots exploiting loopholes in the legal system.
 There are several recurring characters, such as the drunken solicitor Mr Tewkesbury and the convoluted and exasperating witness Colonel Brain.
 He writes well about the judicial process, usually through the eyes of a young barrister but sometimes from the viewpoint of the judge; "Friends at Court" contains a memorable snub from a County Court judge to a barrister who is trying to patronise him.
 Cecil did not believe that judges should be too remote from the public: in "Sober as a Judge", a High Court judge, in a case where the ingredients of a martini are of some importance, states drily that he will ignore the convention by which he should inquire "what is a martini?"
 and instead gives the recipe for the cocktail himself.
Elizabeth Heldens is a television producer and writer.
 She is the creator of "Deception", a drama on NBC which premiered on January 7, 2013.
 She has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights".
 She was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series at the February 2007 ceremony for her work on the first season of "Friday Night Lights".
 She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series the following year at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the second season of "Friday Night Lights".
 Heldens was nominated for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights".
 She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Drama Series for the third consecutive year at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the fourth season.
Zafar Mairaj (Urdu: ‎ ) born on 11 October 1968, at Quetta, Balochistan, is a Pakistani drama writer, lyricist, and short story writer.
 He primarily writes in Urdu, but has also written in Brahui, and Balochi.
 He has written more than 50 drama serials, drama series, short plays and telefilms, for National television PTV (Pakistan Television) as well as for most of the private channels in Pakistan like Geo TV, AAJ TV, ARY Digital, Indus Vision, TVOne Global, Hum TV etc.
 He has won National Drama awards.
Robin Veith is an American television writer.
 She served as a writer's assistant on the first season of "Mad Men" and co-wrote the final episode of the season "The Wheel" with the series creator Matthew Weiner.
 Weiner and Veith were nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for their work on the episode.
 Alongside her colleagues on the writing staff she won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series and was nominated for the award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the season.
 She returned for the second series as a staff writer.
 She was nominated for the WGA award for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the second season.
 She won the WGA Award for Best Drama Series (after being nominated for the third consecutive year) at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the third season.
 Veith was also nominated for the WGA award for episodic drama at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on "Guy Walks into an Advertising Agency" (with co-writer Weiner).
