The Clarence Aquatic Centre is a major aquatic sporting facility located in Montagu Bay, in the city of Clarence, Tasmania, Australia.
Coos Bay (Coos language: Atsixiis) is a city located in Coos County, Oregon, United States, where the Coos River enters Coos Bay on the Pacific Ocean.
 The city borders the city of North Bend, and together they are often referred to as one entity called either Coos Bay-North Bend or the Bay Area.
 Coos Bay's population as of the 2010 census was 15,967 residents, making it the largest city on the Oregon Coast.
State Netball Hockey Centre (also known as the State Netball and Hockey Centre) is a multipurpose sporting facility located in Melbourne, Australia.
 It is a home arena of the Melbourne United basketball team of the National Basketball League and the Victorian Vikings hockey team of the Australian Hockey League.
 The facility is located in Royal Park, Parkville next to the Melbourne Zoo.
 The arena was opened on 16 March 2001, and is run as a non-profit facility by the State Sport Centres Trust.
 and consists of two outdoor hockey fields, four outdoor and five indoor netball courts.
The Doone Kennedy Hobart Aquatic Centre is a major, $17 million aquatic sporting facility located upon the Queens Domain, within less than 1 kilometre of the CBD of Hobart, the capital city of Tasmania, Australia.
 The venue has hosted the Australian Swimming Championships, the Tasmanian Swimming Championships, FINA Swimming World Cup, Pan Pacific Games and the Qantas Skins.
 Other major events held at the venue throughout its first seven years of operation include the Australian Canoe Polo Championships, Australian Diving Championships, Australian Water Polo Under Age and National League events and the World and Australian Underwater Hockey Championships.
The Rath Eastlink Community Centre is a multi purpose sporting facility located in Truro, Nova Scotia.
 The facility features an NHL sized arena, a competition-sized (25m) swimming pool, a water slide, a fitness centre and, a rock climbing wall.
 The facility opened on March 2, 2013.
Talobilla Park is a sporting facility located in the suburb of Kippa-Ring, Queensland in Australia.
 Sports include baseball, canoeing, dragon boating, football (soccer), rugby league and softball.
 Talobilla Park also contains an Automated Weather Observing System for the Australian Bureau of Meteorology.
 It is built on an old landfill reserve.
Sir Bruce Small Park is a sporting facility located in Benowa, a suburb of the Gold Coast, Queensland in Australia.
 Its baseball facilities are home to the Surfers Paradise Baseball Club, current premiers of the Greater Brisbane League.
 It has hosted many high profile Australian baseball events such as the Masters Games and University Games.
Lancaster is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States, on the Connecticut River.
 The town is named after the city of Lancaster in England.
 As of the 2010 census, the town population was 3,507, the second largest in the county after Berlin.
 It is the county seat of Coos County and gateway to the Great North Woods Region.
 Lancaster, which includes the villages of Grange and South Lancaster, is home to Weeks State Park and the Lancaster Fair.
 Part of the White Mountain National Forest is in the eastern portion.
 The town is part of the Berlin, NH−VT Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The Garcelon Civic Centre is a, multi-purpose sporting facility located in St. Stephen, New Brunswick.
 The facility features an NHL sized hockey arena, a 25-metre swimming pool, a walking/running track, and a leisure/therapeutic swimming pool.
The Pictou County Wellness Centre is a, multi-purpose sporting facility located in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia.
 The facility features 2 NHL sized hockey arenas, an olympic sized swimming pool, a fitness centre and, a gymnasium.
 The facility opened on December 6, 2012.
 The opening day featured a MHL game between the Pictou County Crushers and the Bridgewater Lumberjacks.
