Consolidated National Bank of New York was a bank operating in New York City.
 Also referred to in the press as Consolidated National Bank, the institution was organized on July 1, 1902 with capital of $1 million.
 Wrote the "New York Times", the bank was "founded with the idea of cornering the business of the Consolidated Exchange and its brokers."
 The bank opened for business at 57 Broadway on September 22, 1902, and a year later the bank took out a five year lease at the Exchange Court Building.
 In 1906, the Consolidated Stock Exchange withdrew its deposits with the Consolidated National Bank.
 In 1909, the bank voted to acquire the assets of Oriental Bank and merge them with Consolidated, creating the National Reserve Bank.
 The Consolidated name was operative for a short time afterwards.
The Whitford Lodge is a historic building located in Exton, Pennsylvania in the Whiteland Towne Center where it was once an old inn that once sat next to the Exton Diner at the site of the Exton Drive In Theater.
 It once housed a branch of the Hudson United Bank which became TD Bank.
 According to another source, the building was built in 1788 where travelers would read a sign that said "Whitford Lodge - Team Room."
 The lodge was originally built along a rural stretch of U.S. Route 30, also known as the Lincoln Highway.
The first bank established in the Kingdom of Hawaii was Bishop & Co., founded by Charles Reed Bishop and William A. Aldrich in 1858.
 Almost 25 years later, Spreckels & Co. was founded by Claus Spreckels in partnership with William G. Irwin in 1884.
 The Kingdom opened the Hawaiian Postal Savings Bank on July 1, 1886.
 By 1895 the Yokohama Specie Bank opened a branch in Honolulu and the merchant importer/exporter Hackfeld & Co. went into banking.
 Following the annexation of Hawaii in July 1898, plans were set in motion to establish the First American Bank of Hawaii backed by investors in New York and California.
 A prospectus soliciting stock subscriptions was released on May 8, 1899, and the bank opened for business on September 5, 1899.
 The founding board of directors included Cecil Brown (President), B.F. Dillingham (Vice-President), M.P. Robinson, Bruce Cartwright, and G.W. Macfarlane.
 Additional officers included W.G. Cooper (Cashier), E.M. Boyd (Secretary), and George F. McLeod (Auditor).
 The expressed purpose for founding the bank was to eventually convert it into a National Bank under the National Bank Act.
 On April 30, 1900 a special act of Congress extended the National Banking Act to include the Territory of Hawaii.
The Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, commonly called ANZ, is the fourth largest bank by market capitalisation in Australia, after the Commonwealth Bank, Westpac Banking Corporation and National Australia Bank.
 Australian operations make up the largest part of ANZ's business, with commercial and retail banking dominating.
 ANZ is also the largest bank in New Zealand, where the legal entity became known as ANZ National Bank Limited in 2003 and changed to ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited in 2012.
 From 2003 to 2012 it operated two brands in New Zealand, ANZ and the National Bank of New Zealand.
 The National Bank brand was retired in 2012, with a number of branches closing and others converting to ANZ branches.
American Fletcher National Bank was an Indianapolis-based bank founded in 1839 that was eventually absorbed by Bank One and later Chase Bank.
 Since the merger of the Fletcher Trust Company with the American National Bank to form the American Fletcher National Bank and Trust Company at the end of 1954, it had been the largest or the second largest bank in the state of Indiana, often changing places with its Indianapolis-based rival Indiana National Bank for the top spot.
 From the mid-1950s through the late 1980s, American Fletcher National Bank and Trust, along with Indiana National Bank and Merchants National Bank, was one of the top three largest banks within Indianapolis and its holding company, American Fletcher Corporation, was one of the top three largest bank holding companies within the state, along with INB Financial Corporation (formerly Indiana National Corporation) and Merchants National Corporation.
The National Reserve Bank of the City of New York was a bank in New York City that was formed from a merger of Consolidated National Bank and Oriental Bank in 1909.
 Deposits of the National Bank Reserve Bank were about $4,352,561 on January 13, 1914 and the bank had "a large number of country bank accounts, chiefly in the West and Southwest," handling a large degree of cotton exchange business.
 On January 27, 1914, the National Reserve Bank was taken over by the Mutual Alliance Trust Company, operating for a time as the Reserve Branch of the trust company.
Grace National Bank was a bank headquartered in New York, New York.
 It was established as local private bank by W. R. Grace and Company in 1914 to concentrate on business done in South America.
 On June 19, 1924, the Grace National Bank became a nationally chartered financial institution.
  The bank operated from a head office in the Grace National Bank Building at 58-60 Water Street.
First National of Nebraska is a privately held, interstate bank holding company based in Omaha, Nebraska, United States.
 The largest banking subsidiaries are First National Bank of Omaha, First National Bank Colorado, First National Bank Kansas and First National Bank South Dakota.
 First National of Nebraska ranks as one of the 50 largest banks in the United States.
 There are locations in seven states and more than 6.6 million customers across the country.
 First National of Nebraska and its affiliates have more than $20 billion in managed assets and 5,000 employees.
 As of June 30, 2009, First National of Nebraska had Shareholders' Equity of $1,116,225,000 with 315,000 shares outstanding and a Book Value Per Share of $3,544.
The Bishop National Bank of Hawaii was a bank in Hawaii.
 Its branch building on Hawaii Route 50 in Waimea, Kauai, Hawaii, was built in 1929.
 That branch building has also been known as First Hawaiian Bank, as Bishop National Bank, Waimea Branch, and as Bishop First National Bank, Waimea Branch.
 The building includes Classical Revival architecture and was a work of architect John Mason and of J.L. Young Engineering Co.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Sun National Bank is the primary subsidiary of Sun Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNBC), a $2.3 billion asset bank holding company headquartered in Mount Laurel, New Jersey.
 The Bank serves consumers and businesses through more than 30 branch locations in New Jersey, as well as commercial lending offices in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New York.
 Sun National Bank is an Equal Housing Lender and its deposits are insured up to the legal maximum by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).
 In 2015, the Bank announced a major rebrand initiative for Sun National Bank, as well as its financial planning subsidiary, Prosperis Financial Solutions.
