Frederick J. Griffiths (December 11, 1878 - October 17, 1951) was an early, English-born engineer in the Stark County, Ohio steel industry.
 He is best known for working with Henry Ford to develop a vanadium alloy steel in order to produce lighter-weight, stronger automobiles.
 When the Massillon Rolling Mill Company merged into the Central Steel Company in June 1914, Griffiths resigned as a chemist at Canton’s United Steel Company to become Central's vice president and superintendent.
 He then became the president of the company.
 His daughter, Gertrude, lit the first open hearth furnace at the new Central Steel Company in 1915.
 In 1917, Griffith's was named to the Massillon Steel Casting Company board of directors.
 The company's earliest orders came from the United States military for production of the steel-rated equipment and supplies needed for World War I.
 By 1919, 3 of his 5 brothers were all superintendents at Central Steel.
Benjamin Franklin Fairless (May 3, 1890 — January 1, 1962) was an American steel company executive.
 He was president of a wide range of steel companies during a turbulent and formative period in the American steel industry.
 His roles included President of Central Alloy Steel from 1928 to 1930; First Vice President of Republic Steel (which had absorbed Central Steel) from 1930 to 1935; President of the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Company from 1935 to 1938; and then President, and later Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Steel (the largest steel company in the United States) from 1938 to 1955.
Truscon Laboratories was a research and development chemical laboratory of the Trussed Concrete Steel Company ("Truscon") of Detroit, Michigan.
 It made waterproofing liquid chemical products that went into or on cement and plaster.
 The products goals were to provide damp-proofing and waterproofing finishing for concrete and Truscon steel to guard against disintegrating action of water and air.
The Lackawanna Steel Company was an American steel manufacturing company that existed as an independent company from 1840 to 1922, and as a subsidiary of the Bethlehem Steel company from 1922 to 1983.
 Founded by the Scranton family, it was once the second-largest steel company in the world (and the largest company outside the U.S. Steel trust).
 Scranton, Pennsylvania developed around the company's original location.
 When the company moved to a suburb of Buffalo, New York, in 1902, it stimulated the founding of the city of Lackawanna.
Albert Kahn Associates is an architectural design firm in Detroit, Michigan with a second office located in São Paulo, Brasil.
 It was established in 1895 and is still active today.
 It introduced a new technology in industrial building involving a unique reinforced concrete method referred to as the Kahn System of construction using proprietary patented reinforcement steel manufactured by Trussed Concrete Steel Company.
 The building of automobile factories and other types of factories were revolutionized from wooden timber framing construction.
 Besides being an advanced technology in strength that led to wider open interior spaces, it featured a high degree of fire resistance and larger window space for light.
 The firm started by Albert Kahn built factories for Chrysler for over a decade, Ford Automobile for 30 years and Packard Automobile for 35 years.
 Other important clients of the firm were Republic Steel and General Motors.
 The firm was awarded a $40 million dollar contract to build a tractor factory in Russia in 1928.
 The firm's output was over a million dollars worth of work per week by 1929.
 By 1939, the firm designed 19 percent of all industrial buildings in the United States and had designed some $800 million of buildings worldwide.
 Currently, Albert Kahn Associates is still making history with state-of-the-art projects.
 Recent projects include creating the world's largest penguin conservatory,located at the Detroit Zoo, which opened in 2016.
Charles Martin Hall (December 6, 1863 – December 27, 1914) was an American inventor, businessman, and chemist.
 He is best known for his invention in 1886 of an inexpensive method for producing aluminum, which became the first metal to attain widespread use since the prehistoric discovery of iron.
 He was one of the founders of ALCOA.
 Alfred E. Hunt, together with Charles Hall and a group of five other individuals including his partner at the Pittsburgh Testing Laboratory, George Hubbard Clapp, his chief chemist, W.S. Sample, Howard Lash, head of the Carbon Steel Company, Millard Hunsiker, sales manager for the Carbon Steel Company, and Robert Scott, a mill superintendent for the Carnegie Steel Company, Hunt raised $20,000 to launch the Pittsburgh Reduction Company which was later renamed Aluminum Company of America and shortened to Alcoa.
Geofeedia is a social media intelligence platform that associates social media posts with geographic locations.
 The company raised $3.5 million in their second round of venture capital in October 2014.
 At the time, major clients included the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and Dell.
 Clients could visualize posts in an area in realtime and analyze the contents.
 Services mined by Geofeedia include Instagram, Twitter, Periscope, Vine, YouTube, and Sina Weibo.
 The company raised $17 million in Series B funding in early 2016 from Silversmith Capital Partners and reported 250% revenue growth in 2015 with clients including Mall of America and the NCAA.
 At this time, 60 people worked for the company.
 In October 2016, the American Civil Liberties Union published a report that the company's technologies were used to identify and arrest protestors in events such as the 2015 Baltimore protests that followed the death of Freddie Gray.
 Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter, who were named in the report, restricted Geofeedia's access to user data as a result.
 Facebook had used the service itself to detect an intruder uploading photos taken inside the office of its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg.
Hy-Rib was a brand name for a product manufactured by the Trussed Concrete Steel Company.
 It is an engineering reinforcement system for floors, walls, and ceilings of buildings and houses.
 This product is a derivative of the Kahn Trussed Bar for beams and columns that was invented by Julius Kahn.
 Kahn engineered the Hy-Rib products and they were first manufactured in 1909.
The Trussed Concrete Steel Company was a company founded by Julius Kahn, an engineer and inventor.
 The company manufactured prefabricated products for reinforced concrete beams and steel forms for building reinforced concrete floors and walls.
 Kahn invented and patented a unique new technology reinforcement system of construction called the Kahn System that was stronger, more economical, and lighter than the existing old school technology used up to that point to construct buildings.
 The old method was to use plain straight smooth steel beams or loose rods or stirrups in concrete beams and floors.
 Kahn's new technology improved system used 45 degree tab flanges or "wings" permanently attached on steel beams that distributed the tension stress for overall improvement in strength of reinforced concrete.
William Walker Scranton (April 4, 1844 – December 3, 1916) was an American businessman based in Scranton, Pennsylvania.
 He became president and manager of the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Company after his father's death in 1872.
 The company had been founded by his father's cousin George W. Scranton.
 Among his innovations, Scranton adopted the Bessemer process for his operations in 1876, greatly increasing production of steel ties with a new mill.
 Scranton founded the Scranton Steel Company, in 1891 consolidated as Lackawanna Iron and Steel Company.
 The steel company became the second largest in the nation.
 He later also managed the Scranton Gas and Water Company, developing a secure water supply outside the city by creating Lake Scranton.
