Dana Michelle Plato (born Dana Michelle Strain; November 7, 1964 – May 8, 1999) was an American actress who was notable for having played the role of Kimberly Drummond on the U.S. television sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes", from 1978 to 1986.
 After leaving the cast of "Diff'rent Strokes", Plato attempted to establish herself as a working actress, with mixed success: she worked sporadically in made-for-TV movies and in independent films, and did voice-over work.
 At the age of 34, after years of struggling with poverty and substance abuse, Plato died from an overdose of prescription drugs.
Alexander Gordon Jump (April 1, 1932 – September 22, 2003) was an American actor best known as the clueless radio station manager Arthur "Big Guy" Carlson in the TV series "WKRP in Cincinnati" and the incompetent "Chief of Police Tinkler" in the sitcom "Soap".
 Jump's most memorable guest starring role was on a two-part episode of the 1980s sitcom, "Diff'rent Strokes", where he portrayed a pedophile who attempts to molest main characters Arnold and his friend, Dudley.
 He also played the "Maytag Repairman" in commercials for Maytag brand appliances, from 1989 until his retirement from the role in July 2003.
Todd Anthony Bridges (born May 27, 1965) is an American actor and comedian.
 He is known for his role as Willis Jackson on the sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes", for his recurring role as Monk on the sitcom "Everybody Hates Chris", and as a comedic commentator from 2008 to 2013, on the television series "".
Mary Jo Catlett (born September 2, 1938) is an American actress.
 She is notable for her role as housekeeper Pearl Gallagher on the television sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes", and currently for her role as Mrs. Puff in "SpongeBob SquarePants", which she has held since the show's debut.
Bonar Stewart Bain (February 4, 1923 – February 18, 2005) was a Canadian actor and the identical twin brother of actor Conrad Bain, who starred in the television sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes" as Phillip Drummond and "Maude" as Arthur Harmon.
 He once played a fictional “evil” twin to Conrad (“Hank Bain”) in an episode of "SCTV", as well as Arthur (Conrad Bain)'s twin brother Arnold on "Maude".
Mario Cuitláhuac Castañeda Partida (born June 29, 1962 in Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexico), known professionally as Mario Castañeda is a Mexican voice actor and dubbing director.
 When he was very young, his parents moved to Mexico City where he resides currently.
 He studied drama in the Andrés Soler Institute from 1979 to 1982, and in June 1983, Castañeda started to work as a voice actor in Mexican dubs of several television series including Diff'rent Strokes, The Powers of Matthew Star, and The Visitor.
 Castañeda has also done voice work in Japanese anime, such as Son Goku in the Latin American dub of Dragon Ball Z, as well as the dubbing voice of many actors in movies, including Jim Carrey, Jackie Chan and Bruce Willis.
 He was also the announcer for Boomerang in Latin America from 2001 to 2006.
Different Strokes (also titled Different Strokes: The Story of Jack and Jill...and Jill) is a 1998 erotic drama film about a love triangle involving a young couple and another woman.
 Written and directed by Michael Paul Girard, the film stars Dana Plato, Landon Hall, and Bentley Mitchum.
 The film's title exploits Plato's fame from the TV series, "Diff'rent Strokes".
 It was Plato's first film appearance since 1992, and would be her second to last film before her death in 1999.
Steven Mond (born May 12, 1971) is a Canadian former child actor best known for playing Robbie Jason on the sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes.
Diff'rent Strokes is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from November 3, 1978, to May 4, 1985, and on ABC from September 27, 1985, to March 7, 1986.
 The series stars Gary Coleman and Todd Bridges as Arnold and Willis Jackson, two African American boys from Harlem who are taken in by a rich white Park Avenue businessman and widower named Phillip Drummond (Conrad Bain) and his daughter Kimberly (Dana Plato), for whom their deceased mother previously worked.
 During the first season and first half of the second season, Charlotte Rae also starred as the Drummonds' housekeeper, Mrs. Garrett (who ultimately spun off into her own successful sitcom, "The Facts of Life").
Shavar Malik Ross (born March 4, 1971) is an American actor, film director, screenwriter, film producer, editor, photographer, author, and entrepreneur.
 He is known for his recurring television role as Dudley Johnson, Gary Coleman's best friend in the NBC sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes", Alex "Weasel" Parks in the ABC sitcom "Family Matters", and as "Reggie The Reckless" in the fifth installment of the "Friday the 13th" movie series "" (1985).
