Orchard Central is a shopping mall in Singapore located along the main shopping belt at Orchard Road.
 It is Singapore's first and only vertical mall and was officially opened on July 2, 2009.
 It sits on the land previously occupied by an open air carpark and has a 160m frontage along Orchard Road.
 In December 2016, Forbes recognized Orchard Central as one of the top five shopping malls in Singapore.
Somerset MRT Station (NS23) is an underground station on the North South Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Orchard planning area, Singapore.
 The station is located under 313@Somerset Shopping Centre between Orchard Road and Somerset Road.
 At 313 @ Somerset, there is a 24-hour linkway involved, to connect from the Exit A (southern exit) to Exit B (northern exit).
Forum The Shopping Mall (Chinese: 福临购物中心, Tamil: பாரம் அங்காடி ) is a shopping mall on Singapore's main shopping belt, Orchard Road.
 It was built on the site of the Singapura Forum Hotel.
Wisma Atria () is an established shopping mall on Orchard Road in Singapore with retail businesses on 5 levels.
 The 230,000 sqft centre which opened in 1986, is directly linked underground to Orchard MRT station and neighbouring centres.
 It is situated next to Orchard MRT station and is linked underground with the station.
The Portman Baronetcy, of Orchard Portman in the County of Somerset, was a title in the Baronetage of England.
 It was created on 25 November 1611 for John Portman (died 1612), son of Sir Henry Portman, knight, (died 1590) of Orchard Portman, Somerset, by Jane Mitchell.
 Orchard Portman is 2 miles SE of Taunton.
 Sir Henry was the son of Sir William Portman (died 1557), Lord Chief Justice of England between 1555 and 1557.
 Sir William Portman had acquired land in Marylebone, London, which through the later housing developments of Henry William Portman became the Portman Estate, which today is one of Central London's largest landlords and is still the basis of the wealth of the Portman family.
 Sir Henry Portman, 2nd Baronet (died 1620/1 or 1623) was Member of Parliament for Somerset, and married Lady Anne Stanley, daughter of William Stanley, 6th Earl of Derby; they had no children.
 His heir was his brother Sir John Portman, 3rd Baronet (1605–1624), who died unmarried as a 19-year-old undergraduate at Wadham College, Oxford, in the chapel of which exists his elaborate marble monument containing his effigy.
 John's aunt Joan Portman was the wife of Sir John Wyndham (1558–1645) of Orchard Wyndham, Somerset, whose mother was Florence Wadham, who founded Wadham College in accordance with the wishes of her brother Nicholas Wadham.
 His brothers the fourth and fifth Baronets both represented Taunton in the House of Commons.
 The sixth Baronet was Member of Parliament for both Taunton and Somerset.
 The title became extinct on his death in 1690.
ION Orchard(pronounced as I-On, Chinese: 爱雍·乌节), formerly known as the Orchard Turn Development or Orchard Turn Site, is a shopping mall in Singapore.
 It is the retail component of an integrated retail and residential development by Orchard Turn Developments Pte Ltd, a joint venture between CapitaLand and Sun Hung Kai Properties.
 It started operating on 21 July 2009, occupying 335 food and retail outlets.
 In December 2016, Forbes recognized ION Orchard as one of the top shopping malls in Singapore.
The TripleOne Somerset () is a high-rise commercial building and shopping mall in Orchard, Singapore.
 The building was first known as Public Utilities Board Building (PUB Building) until 1995, and was later known as Singapore Power Building until 2008 when acquired by YTL Corporation Pacific Star.
 It currently houses the corporate headquarters of Singapore Power.
Orchard Park Shopping Centre is a regional shopping mall in Kelowna, British Columbia.
 It is the largest shopping mall in the Okanagan.
 It is located on the major provincial highway, Harvey Avenue (Highway 97), at the intersections of Cooper Road and Dilworth Drive, south of Dilworth Mountain.
 With over 170 shops and services, Orchard Park Shopping Centre is the largest shopping mall between Metro Vancouver and Calgary.
Orchard Gateway is a shopping mall in Orchard Road, Singapore, connecting Orchard Central and 313 @ Somerset together.
 The mall was meant to be completed in November 2013, but was delayed and officially opened on April 26, 2014It was built on the site of the former Specialists Shopping Centre and Orchard Emerald.
Heart Somerset (formerly Somerset's Orchard FM) was an Independent Local Radio station serving Somerset, England.
 Originally owned by (and officially remains licensed to) Orchard Media Ltd, the company was purchased by GWR Group in 1999, and subsequently became owned by GCap Media in 2005.
 Somerset's Orchard FM (later Heart Somerset) broadcast from studios at Haygrove House (a converted farm house and grounds) at Shoreditch near Taunton Racecourse, Taunton, adjacent to the M5.
