The 2013 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team represented Tennessee Technological University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 They were led by seventh-year head coach Watson Brown and played their home games at Tucker Stadium.
 They were a member of the Ohio Valley Conference.
 They finished the season 5–7, 2–6 in OVC play to finish in a tie for seventh place.
Steve Payne (born February 12, 1968) is an American college basketball coach and the current men's gramcoach at Tennessee Technological University in Cookeville, Tennessee.
 The Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles are members of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) and compete in the NCAA's Division I.
 Payne was appointed the head coach at Tennessee Tech on March 23, 2011, following the retirement of Mike Sutton.
 Payne had been an assistant to Sutton since the 2002-2003 season.
The 2012 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team represented Tennessee Technological University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 They were led by sixth-year head coach Watson Brown and played their home games at Tucker Stadium.
 They are a member of the Ohio Valley Conference.
 They finished the season 3–8, 1–7 in OVC play to finish in a tie for eighth place.
The 2011 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team represented Tennessee Technological University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 The Golden Eagles were led by fifth-year head coach Watson Brown and played their home games at Tucker Stadium.
 They were a member of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC).
 Tennessee Tech finished the season 7–4 overall and 6–2 in OVC play to share the conference championship with Eastern Kentucky and Jacksonville State.
 They received the conference's automatic bid into the FCS playoffs where they lost in the first round to Central Arkansas.
Howell Bush Stadium at Averitt Express Baseball Complex is a baseball venue in Cookeville, Tennessee, United States.
 It is home to the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles baseball team of the NCAA Division I Ohio Valley Conference.
 It has a capacity of 1,100 spectators.
 It is named for former Tennessee Tech baseball and basketball player Howell Bush, whose 1997 donation allowed stadium lighting to be added to the facility.
 In the same year, the stadium was dedicated to him.
 Other features of the venue include dugouts, a batter's eye, a natural grass surface, and a locker room.
The 2014 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team represented Tennessee Technological University in the 2014 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 They were led by eighth-year head coach Watson Brown and played their home games at Tucker Stadium.
 They were a member of the Ohio Valley Conference.
 They finished the season 5–7, 4–4 in OVC play to finish in fifth place.
The 2016 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team represented Tennessee Technological University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 They were led by first-year head coach Marcus Satterfield and played their home games at Tucker Stadium.
 They were a member of the Ohio Valley Conference.
 They finished the season 5–6, 5–3 in OVC play to finish in third place.
The Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the Tennessee Technological University located in the U.S. state of Tennessee.
 The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Ohio Valley Conference.
 The school's first football team was fielded in 1922.
 The team plays its home games at the 16,500 seat Tucker Stadium.
 They are coached by Marcus Satterfield, who took over in 2016 following the retirement of Watson Brown.
The 2017 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team represents Tennessee Technological University in the 2017 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 They are led by second-year head coach Marcus Satterfield and play their home games at Tucker Stadium.
 They are a member of the Ohio Valley Conference.
The 2015 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team represented Tennessee Technological University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 They were led by ninth-year head coach Watson Brown and played their home games at Tucker Stadium.
