México Bárbaro (aka Barbarous Mexico) is a 2014 Mexican anthology horror film directed by eight horror filmmakers from Mexico.
 The film contains 8 different shorts, each by different directors spanning Mexican horror legends.
 It premiered at the Sitges International Fantastic Film Festival 2014.
 In 2015, it was released on DVD and VOD in the U.S. and in 2016 on Netflix around the world.
 The film was sold to six countries during the Le Marché du Film at Festival de Cannes 2015, including MPI/Dark Sky Films.
ABCs of Death 2.5 is a 2016 American anthology horror comedy film produced by Ant Timpson, Ted Geoghegan and Tim League.
 It contains different shorts, each by different directors.
 It is a sequel to "The ABCs of Death" and "ABCs of Death 2".
 It is composed of the best selections from the 540 shorts that were submitted for the previous film.
 It is described as, "a highlight reel for the next generation of horror filmmakers."
 It premiered at the inaugural Nightmares Film Festival October 20, 2016 in Columbus, Ohio.
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk.
 Described as an anthology series, each season is conceived as a self-contained miniseries, following a different set of characters and settings, and a storyline with its own "beginning, middle, and end."
 Some plot elements of each season are loosely inspired by true events.
 The only actors to appear in all iterations of the
The ABCs of Death is a 2012 American anthology horror comedy film produced by international producers and directed by filmmakers from around the world.
 The film contains 26 different shorts, each by different directors spanning fifteen countries, including Nacho Vigalondo, Kaare Andrews, Adam Wingard, Simon Barrett, Banjong Pisanthanakun, Ben Wheatley, Lee Hardcastle, Noboru Iguchi, Ti West, and Angela Bettis.
The eighth season of the American animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants", created by former marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg, originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States from March 26, 2011 to December 6, 2012, and contained 26 episodes, beginning with the episodes "A Friendly Game" and "Oral Report".
 The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom.
 The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg and writer Paul Tibbitt, who also acted as the showrunner.
 In 2011, "SpongeBob's Runaway Roadtrip", an anthology series consists of five episodes from the season, was launched.
The seventh season of the American animated comedy television series "Regular Show", created by J. G. Quintel, originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
 Quintel originally created the series' pilot using characters from his comedy shorts for the cancelled anthology series "The Cartoonstitute".
 He developed "Regular Show" from his own experiences in college, while several of its main characters originated from his animated shorts "The Naïve Man from Lolliland" and "2 in the AM PM".
 He himself voices one of the main characters in the show, "Mordecai", a blue jay.
 The series was renewed for a seventh season at the 2014 San Diego Comic-Con International on July 25, 2014.
 The previous season contained 31 episodes in order to accommodate for the and this season will contain the normal 40 episodes from the previous seasons.
 However, it was technically 39 episodes because the last episode of the season was used for the five shorts which were broadcast on Cartoon Network in March and April 2016.
 Therefore, the five shorts took up one production code for the 40 episodes.
Laurence T. "Larry" Fessenden (born March 23, 1963) is an American actor, producer, writer, director, film editor, and cinematographer.
 He has starred in films such as "The Last Winter" (2006), "I Can See You" (2008), "Bitter Feast" (2010), "You're Next" (2011), and "We Are Still Here" (2015).
 His screenwriting efforts include "Habit" (1997), "Wendigo" (2001), and "The Last Winter" (2006), all of which he also directed.
 He has also directed "Beneath" (2013), and a segment of the anthology horror comedy film "The ABCs of Death 2" (2014).
ABCs of Death 2 is a 2014 American anthology horror comedy film produced by Ant Timpson and Tim League.
 It contains 26 different shorts, each by different directors spanning various countries.
 It is a sequel to the 2012 film "The ABCs of Death".
 Directors featured include Jim Hosking, Lancelot Oduwa Imasuen, the Soska sisters, Julian Barrett, Rodney Ascher, Kristina Buožytė, Larry Fessenden, Aharon Keshales, Bill Plympton, and Vincenzo Natali.
V/H/S/2 (originally titled S-VHS) is a 2013 American anthology horror film from Bloody Disgusting and Producer .
 It features a series of found-footage shorts.
 It is the sequel to the film "V/H/S".
 The sequel involves a largely different group of directors: Jason Eisener, Gareth Evans, Timo Tjahjanto, Eduardo Sánchez, and Gregg Hale, and franchise returnees Simon Barrett and Adam Wingard.
V/H/S is a 2012 American anthology horror film created by Brad Miska and Bloody Disgusting.
 It features a series of found-footage shorts written and directed by Adam Wingard, David Bruckner, Ti West, Glenn McQuaid, Joe Swanberg, and the directing quartet known as Radio Silence.
