Tommy is a 1975 British musical fantasy drama film based upon The Who's 1969 rock opera album "Tommy" about a seemingly disabled boy who becomes a religious pinball champion.
 Directed by Ken Russell, the film featured a star-studded ensemble cast, including the band members themselves (most notably, lead singer Roger Daltrey, who plays the title role), Ann-Margret, Oliver Reed, Eric Clapton, Tina Turner, Elton John, Arthur Brown, and Jack Nicholson.
Excalibur is a three-part "Celtic rock opera" written and directed by Breton folk-rock musician Alan Simon, the first part of which premiered in 1998, and was released as an album in the following year under the French title "Excalibur, La légende des Celtes".
 Its success in France led to two more albums and two novels.
 In 2009 a spectacular adaptation combining material from the first two albums was performed in Germany under the English title "Excalibur: the Celtic Rock Opera", with great success.
 It was extended with material from the third album in 2011.
The Wanderer in Bulgar aka The Minstrel in Bulgar (Tatar: Ил Гизүче Болгарда , "İl Gizüçe Bolğarda " ) is a 30 minutes Tatar rock opera written and directed by Vladislav Chebitarev, music by Räşid Kalimullin based on İldar Yüziev's libretto for classical opera Cuckoo's Cry.
 It was filmed in Kazan Television Studio under Gosteleradio of USSR.
"5:15" (sometimes written "5.15" or "5'15") is a song written by Pete Townshend of British rock band The Who.
 Part of the band's second rock opera, "Quadrophenia" (1973), the song was also released as a single and reached No. 20 on the UK Singles Chart, while the 1979 re-release (accompanying the film and soundtrack album) reached No. 45 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Jesus Christ Superstar is a 1970 rock opera with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber and lyrics by Tim Rice.
 The musical started as a rock opera concept album before its Broadway debut in 1971.
 The musical is sung-through, with no spoken dialogue.
 The story is loosely based on the Gospels' accounts of the last week of Jesus's life, beginning with the preparation for the arrival of Jesus and his disciples in Jerusalem and ending with the crucifixion.
 It depicts political and interpersonal struggles between Judas Iscariot and Jesus that are not present in the Bible.
Beethoven's Last Night is a rock opera by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra, released in 2000.
 The album tells the fictional story of Ludwig van Beethoven on the last night of his life, as the devil, Mephistopheles, comes to collect his soul.
 With the help of Fate and her son Twist, Beethoven unwittingly tricks the devil and is allowed to keep his soul which he had thought lost, but that the devil had no claim on.
 The album is a rock opera featuring many classical crossover rock songs which are clearly based on melodies from classical music, particularly Beethoven's works.
 It is the first Trans-Siberian Orchestra album that does not feature Christmas themes.
 The original cover art was created by Edgar Jerins, and re-issued cover art was created by Greg Hildebrandt.
Heavens Cafe is a rock opera written and composed by John Miner.
 It was first staged in Las Vegas, Nevada, in 1996.
 The opportunity to perform the musical theater project came after Miner's demo was heard by investor Mike Lewis of Las Vegas-based Tributary Music Label after his departure from California-based progressive rock group Mantra Sunrise.
 Miner established a new band, named "Art Rock Circus" with drummer Jon Weisberg and bassist Jon Cornell to stage the live performances at the Flamingo Theater in Las Vegas.
 Former Follies Bergere performer Kristine Keppel directed the original casting.
 In 2003, Los Angeles based theater director John Beane approached Miner about staging the opera in the Los Angeles area later that year.
 Beane's new vision for the project came to fruition in May 2004 with a six-week California run at the Insurgo Theater which included Ken Jaquess on bass and Nolan Stolz on drums.
!
Hero is an album featuring the songs from the rock opera, !
Hero.
 It is based on the question, "What if Jesus was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania?"
 The rock opera modernizes Jesus' last two years on earth and features a cast of many well-known Christian artists with Michael Tait, Rebecca St. James, and Mark Stuart as the three main characters: Hero (Jesus), Maggie (Mary Magdalene), and Petrov (Peter).
Truth of Truths - a Contemporary Rock Opera is a 1971 two-disc Christian rock album which was largely conceived by promoter/producer Ray Ruff.
 The album is arranged as a rock opera based on significant events in the Christian Bible, with the first two sides pertaining to the Old Testament and two to the New Testament.
 The album has a black cover with a white title and a gold Star of David and Cross.
 It comes with a 17-page booklet with lyrics and biblical references for each of the songs.
Daniel Franzese (born May 9, 1978) is an American actor, writer, director, comedian and activist best known for his roles in director Larry Clark’s "Bully" and as Damien in Tina Fey's 2004 feature film "Mean Girls".
 Franzese is the creator of several live comedy shows including the 2011 rock opera "Jersey Shoresical: A Frickin' Rock Opera!"
 and his one man stand-up performance "I’ve Never Really Made the Kind of Money to Become a Mess" in 2013.
