Poul Elming (born 21 July 1949, Ålborg) is a Danish opera singer.
 He began his career as a baritone; making his professional debut in 1979 as a member of the Jutland Opera in Århus.
 He then pursued studies at the Juilliard School in New York City where his voice was re-trained in the tenor repertoire.
 In 1989, he made his debut as a tenor at the Royal Danish Theatre as the title hero in Richard Wagner's "Parsifal".
 He has since sung leading roles with major opera companies and festivals throughout the world, including the Bayreuth Festival, the Berlin State Opera, the Liceu, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, the Royal Opera, London, the San Francisco Opera, and the Vienna State Opera among others.
A Parsifal bell (German: "Parsifal Klavier Instrument") is a stringed musical instrument designed as a substitute for the church bells that are called for in the score of Richard Wagner's opera "Parsifal".
Plácido Domingo has made hundreds of opera performances, music albums, and concert recordings throughout his career as an operatic tenor.
 From his first operatic leading role as Alfredo in "La traviata" in 1961, his major debuts continued in swift succession: "Tosca" at the Hamburg State Opera and "Don Carlos" at the Vienna State Opera in 1967; "Adriana Lecouvreur" at the Metropolitan Opera, "Turandot" in Verona Arena and "La bohème" in San Francisco in 1969; "La Gioconda" in 1970; "Tosca" in Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in 1971; "La bohème" at the Bavarian State Opera in 1972; "Il trovatore" at the Paris Opéra in 1973 and "Don Carlo" at the Salzburg Festival in 1975, "Parsifal" in 1992 at the Bayreuth Festival; and the list continues until today; the same role is often recorded more than once.
Saul (HWV 53) is a dramatic oratorio in three acts written by George Frideric Handel with a libretto by Charles Jennens.
 Taken from the First Book of Samuel, the story of "Saul" focuses on the first king of Israel's relationship with his eventual successor, David; one which turns from admiration to envy and hatred, ultimately leading to the downfall of the eponymous monarch.
 The work, which Handel composed in 1738, includes the famous "Dead March", a funeral anthem for Saul and his son Jonathan, and some of the composer's most dramatic choral pieces.
 "Saul" was first performed at the King's Theatre in London on 16 January 1739.
Parsifal is a 1904 American silent film produced by the Edison Manufacturing Company and directed by Edwin S. Porter.
 It is based on the 1882 opera "Parsifal" by Richard Wagner, and stars Adelaide Fitz-Allen as Kundry and Robert Whittier as Parsifal.
Saul og David ("Saul and David") is the first of the two operas by the Danish composer Carl Nielsen.
 The four-act libretto, by Einar Christiansen, tells the Biblical story of Saul's jealousy of the young David, taken from the Book of Samuel.
 The first performance was at Det Kongelige Teater, Copenhagen on 28 November 1902.
Gerd Grochowski (28 February 28, 1956, Krefeld – 16 January 2017, Mainz) was a German operatic bass-baritone who had an active international career from 1986 until his death in 2017.
 Particularly known for his performances in the operas of Richard Wagner, his roles included Donner in "Das Rheingold", Gunther in "Götterdämmerung", Klingsor in "Parsifal", Kurwenal in "Tristan und Isolde", Telramund in "Lohengrin", and Wotan in "The Ring Cycle".
 A graduate of the Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln, he was a longtime resident artist at the Cologne Opera.
 He appeared in leading roles as a guest artist at the Bayreuth Festival, the Berlin State Opera, the Bavarian State Opera, the Frankfurt Opera, the Hamburg State Opera, La Scala, the Liceu, the Linz State Theatre, the Stuttgart Opera, the Teatro Real, the Theater an der Wien, and the Salzburg Festival.
Vilhelm Christoffer Herold (born March 19, 1865 in Hasle, Bornholm – died December 15, 1937 in Copenhagen) was an operatic tenor, voice teacher, and theatre director.
 Herold created the role of David in Carl Nielsen's opera "Saul og David" in 1902).
Jabesh (ja'-besh) יבש in the Bible is the father of king Shallum of the northern kingdom of ten tribes.
 Jabesh was also a city in Gilead.
 In Judges 19 11 tribes of Israel had all but wiped out the tribe of Benjamin.
 Only 600 men from Benjamin remained on the Rimmon Rock.
 However the eleven tribes relented from destroying the whole tribe and they decided that they needed to find wives for the 600 men since all other people in Benjamin had been killed.
 But they had taken an oath not to give their daughters to a Benjamanite so they found the one city in Israel that had not joined the fight: Jabesh.
 They brought back 400 virgins from Jabesh and gave them to the men on Rimmon Rock.
 Later Saul from the tribe of Benjamin and the city of Gibeah is made king of Israel.
 A month later in 1 Samuel 11 a King from Ammon attacks Jabesh and Saul leads Israel to the defense of Jabesh (maybe because his mother was from there and he was defending the only grandparents he had).
 When Saul dies in 1 Samuel 31 it is not the tribe of Benjamin or David who retrieve his body from the Philistines but men of Jabesh (maybe they were saving the son and hero of their city).
 The name also means "dry" in Hebrew.
Helge Nissen (5 September 1871 in Rydhave ved Holstebro – 5 October 1926 in Copenhagen) was a Danish operatic bass-baritone, conductor, voice teacher, and film actor who was associated with the Royal Danish Theatre from 1897 until his death in 1926.
 He notably created roles in the world premieres of two operas by composer Carl Nielsen: Abner in "Saul og David" (1902) and Henrik in "Maskarade" (1906).
 His voice is preserved on a total of 70 recordings made with the Pathé, HMV and Deutsche Grammophon record companies from 1908–1914.
