"Still Thinkin' 'bout You" is a single by American country music artist Billy "Crash" Craddock.
 Released in January 1975, it was the first single from his album "Still Thinkin' 'bout You".
 The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Let Me Tell Ya 'bout Black Chicks is an interracial pornographic film from 1985 directed by Gregory Dark and produced by the Dark Brothers (Gregory Dark and Walter Dark).
 It is a follow-up to the 1984 film "Let Me Tell Ya 'bout White Chicks".
"Ain't Thinkin' 'Bout You" is a song by rapper Bow Wow.
 This song features Chris Brown.
 An early version originally appeared on Brown's collaborative mixtape with Tyga, "Fan of a Fan".
"Money" is the third single by British R&B artist Jamelia and the second single from her debut album "Drama".
 Originally "Thinking 'Bout You" was to be the second single from the album; a video was filmed and promotional copies of the single were sent to radio stations across the UK.
 That single was cancelled and the video was never released to the public.
 "Money" was chosen to replace "Thinking 'Bout You" as the second single from "Drama".
"Darlin'" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love, recorded by American rock band the Beach Boys with Carl Wilson on lead vocal.
 It opens the second side of their 1967 album "Wild Honey" and was also released as a single, backed with "Here Today" from their 1966 album "Pet Sounds".
 The single peaked at No. 19 in the United States and No. 11 in the United Kingdom.
 The song is also known by different lyrics and structure as "Thinkin' 'Bout You Baby", also written by Wilson and Love, and first recorded by singer Sharon Marie in 1964.
Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation is an Australian game show which airs on Network Ten.
 On 14 September 2010, Network Ten confirmed "Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation" would return in 2011.
 On 25 January 2011, it was announced that Series 3 would begin airing on 8 February 2011.
 Similar to series 2, this series was split into two airing blocks with a hiatus in the middle.
"Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation" is an Australian game show which airs on Network Ten.
 On 27 October 2011, Network Ten confirmed "Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation" would return in 2012 for a fourth series.
 On 22 January 2012, it was announced that the show would begin airing on 1 February 2012 in an 8pm timeslot.
How ' Bout Us is the debut studio album by American rhythm and blues group Champaign, released in 1981 via Columbia Records.
 The album did not chart in the United States, but the album's second single "How 'Bout Us" peaked at #12 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Still Thinkin' 'bout You is a country album by Billy "Crash" Craddock.
 It was released on ABC/Dot Records in 1975.
 The album yielded two hit singles- "I Love the Blues and the Boogie Woogie", which went to #10, and "Still Thinkin' 'bout You", which went to #1.
Next is the fifth studio album by American singer and actress Vanessa Williams.
 It includes the singles "Happiness" (#36 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles and Tracks chart), "Who Were You Thinkin' 'Bout", "First Thing on Your Mind" and "Oh How the Years Go By" (#6 on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart).
