Samantha Juste (born Sandra Slater; 31 May 1944 – 5 February 2014) became known on British television in the mid-1960s as the "disc girl" on the BBC’s "Top of the Pops".
 In 1968 she married Micky Dolenz of the Monkees.
 Their daughter is actress Ami Dolenz.
Tear Drop City is a single by The Monkees released on February 8, 1969 on Colgems #5000 recorded on October 26, 1966.
 The song reached No. 56 on the Billboard chart.
 The lyrics are about a man who feels low because his girlfriend has left him.
 Written by Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart, it was the first single The Monkees released as a trio (Micky Dolenz, Michael Nesmith, and Davy Jones; Peter Tork departed December 1968).
 Micky Dolenz performed the lead vocal.
 Boyce and Hart produced and arranged the song.
"Randy Scouse Git" is a song written by Micky Dolenz in 1967 and recorded by The Monkees.
 It was the first song written by Dolenz to be commercially released, and became a #2 hit in the UK where it was retitled "Alternate Title" after the record company (RCA) complained that the original title was actually somewhat "taboo to the British audience".
 Dolenz took the song's title from a phrase he had heard spoken on an episode of the British television series "Till Death Us Do Part", which he had watched while in England.
 The song also appeared on "The Monkees" TV series, on their album "Headquarters," and on several "Greatest Hits" albums.
 Peter Tork has said that it is one of his favorite Monkees tracks.
Janelle Johnson (December 2, 1923 - December 2, 1995) was a film actress of the 1940s.
 She married actor George Dolenz (1908–63) and was the mother of Micky Dolenz of the 1960s pop group the Monkees.
 Her English daughter-in-law was Samantha Juste, co-host of BBC television's "Top of the Pops" in its early days.
 Her granddaughter, Ami Dolenz, also became a film actress.
"Oh My My" is a song by The Monkees, released on April 1, 1970 on Colgems single #5011.
 It was the final single released during their original 1966-70 run.
 The song was written by Jeff Barry and Andy Kim and recorded February 5, 1970.
 It made it to #98 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, their last entry until 1986.
 The B-side was "I Love You Better", also written by Barry and Kim.
 By now, The Monkees were a duo consisting of Micky Dolenz and Davy Jones, and both sides of the single were sung by Dolenz.
 Both songs are from "Changes", The Monkees' final studio album until 1987's "Pool It!
" which was followed by "Good Times" in 2016.
Dolenz, Jones, Boyce & Hart is an album by the group of the same name, released in 1976.
 The group consisted of Micky Dolenz, Davy Jones, Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart.
 Dolenz and Jones had been members of 1960s pop group/band The Monkees while Boyce and Hart had written many of the group's biggest hits such as "Last Train to Clarksville" and "(Theme from) The Monkees".
 As such, several publications, such as Allmusic, consider the album to be a Monkees-reunion album.
 Most of the musicians that appear on this album were featured on Monkees albums in the past.
 A majority of the vocals are done by Dolenz and Jones ("Right Now", "I Remember The Feeling", "You And I") with Boyce And Hart contributing backing vocals and the occasional lead vocal such as Hart's on "I Love You [And I'm Glad That I Said It]".
 Although the album failed to make much of an impact when originally released, renewal of interest in The Monkees led to its reissue on compact disc years later.
 The group was called Dolenz, Jones, Boyce & Hart because they were legally prohibited from using The Monkees name.
 Former Monkees members Michael Nesmith and Peter Tork were also invited to join the group, but they both declined.
 Peter Tork joined 'Dolenz, Jones, Boyce, & Hart' onstage for a guest appearance on their concert tour on July 4, 1976 in Disneyland.
 Later that year he reunited with Jones and Dolenz in the studio for the recording of the single "Christmas is My Time of the Year" b/w "White Christmas", which saw a limited release for fan club members that holiday season.
Jackyl is an American hard rock band formed in 1991.
 Their sound has also been described as heavy metal and Southern metal.
 Their eponymous album has sold more than a million copies in the United States with released hit singles like "Down on Me" and "When Will it Rain".
 The band is best known for its song "The Lumberjack", which features a chainsaw solo by lead singer Jesse James Dupree.
Nigel Dupree Band is a southern rock band from Kennesaw, Georgia started by Nigel Thomas Dupree, the son of Jackyl lead vocalist Jesse James Dupree.
 Having performed at events such as Full Throttle Saloon, Rocklahoma and Taste of Madison, the band has released two studio albums, "Attraction" and "Up to No Good".
Jesse James Dupree (born September 22, 1962) is an American musician, television personality, and businessman.
 Dupree is the lead singer, guitarist, and primary songwriter in the rock band Jackyl, founded in 1991.
Foot Fetish is the first solo studio album by the Jackyl's lead singer, Jesse James Dupree.
