The Young Hollywood Awards was an award presented annually which honors the year's biggest achievements in pop music, movies, sports, television, fashion and more, as voted on by teenagers aged 13–19 and young adults.
 The award ceremonies also honor rising and promising young aged performers in Hollywood.
 The award ceremony usually features a high number of celebrities and musical performers such as Taylor Swift, Justin Bieber, and Nick Jonas.
 New artists such as Black Cards and Brazzabelle have also performed.
Jeremy Schoenberg (born May 8, 1972), born in Los Angeles County, California, United States.
 Jeremy started out as a child star on both film and television.
 He played on "Days of Our Lives" from 1980 to 1982 as Johnny, Marlena's foster child.
 Jeremy was nominated for this role in the category of Best Young Actor - Daytime TV Series in the 2nd Annual Young Artist Awards.
 He also voiced Linus van Pelt on "Is This Goodbye, Charlie Brown?
"
Penske Media Corporation (PMC) is an American digital media, publishing, and information services company founded in 2003.
 PMC publishes more than 22 digital brands, including a joint venture in India with ZEE TV for its India.com brand.
 The company also produces more than 50 annual events and conferences as well as housing a research and emerging data business.
 PMC brands include PMC Studios, WWD, WWD.com, Footwear News, M, Deadline.com, Variety magazine, Variety.com, CricketCountry.com, HollywoodLife, Beauty Inc, GoldDerby.com, India.com, Movieline, TVLine, BGR, AwardsLine, @Hollywood, LA411, NY411, Young Hollywood Awards, The Style Awards, and Breakthrough of the Year Awards.
 The company is headquartered in Los Angeles, California and New York, NY with 11 offices around the world.
The 15th Annual Young Hollywood Awards were held on Thursday, August 1, 2013 in Los Angeles, California, previously recorded the day before.
 Aisha Tyler was the host while there were no nominees this year, the recipients were "honored" with the awards.
 This was the first year that the awards were televised.
Puerto Roc Records is an independent record label that was established in 2006 by founder and sole owner Jonathan "DJ Primo" Padilla.
 The independent label is based out of Miami, Florida and has its main focus on hip hop/rap music.
 Puerto Roc Records' main artist is E Grizzly.
 E Grizzly released his first E.P. in May 2006 titled "Hip Hop is Dead!"
 and won the 2006 Independent Rap Artist of the Year at the 16th annual L.A. Music Awards in November 2006.
 The E.P. was also nominated for Best Breakthrough Album of the year for an independent artist at the 16th Annual L.A. Music Awards.
 Puerto Roc Records looks forward to the release of E Grizzly's next main single titled "Audiograf", which was scheduled to be released in 2008.
The 12th Youth in Film Awards ceremony (now known as the Young Artist Awards), presented by the Youth in Film Association, honored outstanding youth performers under the age of 21 in the fields of film, television and music for the 1989-1990 season.
 The exact date of the 12th annual ceremony is unknown, however, using the dates of the 11th and 13th annual awards, the 12th annual ceremony is believed to have taken place in late 1990 or early 1991 in Hollywood, California.
The Young Adult Library Services Association (YALSA), established in 1957, is a division of the American Library Association.
 YALSA is a national association of librarians, library workers and advocates whose mission is to expand the capacity of libraries to better serve teens.
 YALSA administers several awards and sponsors an annual Young Adult Literature Symposium, Teen Read Week, the third week of each October, and Teen Tech Week, the second week of each March.
 YALSA currently has over 5,200 members.
 YALSA aims to expand and strengthen library services for teens through advocacy, research, professional development and events.
Maureen Dragone (January 20, 1920 – February 8, 2013) was an American journalist and author.
 She was one of the longest-standing members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association which presents the annual Golden Globe Awards.
 In 1978 she founded the Young Artist Association, which presents the annual Young Artist Awards.
The 16th Annual Young Hollywood Awards were held on Monday, July 28, 2014 in Los Angeles, California, previously recorded the day before.
 Kelly Osbourne hosted the show, with Justin Bieber being honored for his charity work and contributions to the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and Vanessa Hudgens was honored with the Trendsetter Award.
The Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards 2003 was held on April 12, 2003.
 It was the 16th annual Kids' Choice Awards ("KCA").
 It was hosted by Rosie O'Donnell.
 The award show was held in the Barker Hangar at the Santa Monica Airport in Santa Monica, California.
 This was the last time O'Donnell would host the awards.
 By that time she has hosted the awards seven times in a row.
 The announcers were Daran Norris and Susanne Blakeslee from "The Fairly OddParents" who used their Cosmo and Wanda voices, respectively, for the event.
