Playa Cativo is located in the Golfo Dulce, in Costa Ricas' south Pacific.
 Its name, Cativo, comes from a tree: Prioria Copaifera.
 The surrounding waters are part of the Piedras Blancas National Park to protect the needle-fish spawning grounds.
 A former extension of Corcovado National Park, Piedras Blancas National Park has over 35,000 acres of rainforest that surrounds Playa Cativo and was created in 1993 to protect the lowland tropical rainforest in the Golfo Dulce.
 Accessible only by boat, Playa Cativo was awarded the Ecologic Blue Flag for its cleanliness and sustainability practices.
 Because of the variety of micro climates, including wetlands, and the fact that is a gathered point for birds from North and South America, this area is considered a bird watcher's paradise.
 The four species of monkeys of Costa Rica has been seen there and about three families of hauler monkeys stay year round near the shore.
 The beach was originally a family farm and in the early 70's was sold.
 In 1980 was built the Rainbow Lodge in Playa Cativo, followed by the Buenavista Lodge.
 In July 2014 Playa Cativo Lodge (former Rainbow Lodge) opened after a full renovation.
 Playa Cativo's residents are committed to preserve the area as untouched as possible, and have established many sustainable practices and was recently awarded the Ecologic Blue Flag by the Costa Rica government.
 Among other actions, was created a recycle hub center as a free service for the people from the nearby beaches and communities.
 The electric power at Cativo is 100% clean and comes from an hydroelectric micro-generator and solar panels.
 The water source comes from a spring in the mountains behind Cativo beach and is clean and clear.
 Some of the all fruit trees still in the property, providing fresh organic fruits to visitors.
 Its tranquil waters are perfect for sea kayaking, stand up paddle boarding, swimming and snorkeling.
 As there are no roads to Playa Cativo, a 30 minutes scenic boat ride will take residents to Golfito or Puerto Jimenez, and often are seen dolphins and the seasonal humpback whales.
 Golfo Dulce, also known as Gulf of Dulce, is in the inner side of Osa Peninsula and across from Corcovado National Park.
Concinnia spinosa, the Nangur spiny skink or Nangur skink, is a lizard known from two patches of dry-rainforest in South East Queensland, Australia.
 It was formerly placed in the monotypic genus "Nangura" but was moved to "Concinnia" following the molecular phylogenetic studies of O'Connor & Moritz (2003) and Skinner and co-authors (2013).
 This species is known only from two localities; the type locality, now in Nangura National Park, and a much smaller isolated population in Oakview National Park and adjacent Oakview State Forest.
 The total distribution spans just 42 square kilometers, within which this species occupies less than 4 square kilometers, with an estimated population size of less than 200 individuals.
 It is threatened by invasive species including cats, pigs, dogs, foxes and Cane Toads, by the invasive plant species Lantana camara, which increases fire risk and changes forest structure, and in some sites by logging and road maintenance.
 Consequently, it is listed as Critically Endangered under the Australian Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 It resembles "Concinnia queenslandiae" in its spiny scales and like that species it is live bearing.
 Along with minor differences in scalation, the Nangur Spiny Skink differs from other Australian Sphenomorphid skinks in its karyotype of 2n=28 chromosomes, where most others have 2n=30.
 It is also unlike related species in that it lives in burrows, which occur in small colonies through the dry rainforest habitat.
 There is some indication of parental care in this species, with adults sharing burrows with juveniles.
Kavir National Park is a protected ecological zone in northern Iran.
 It has an area of 4,000 square kilometers (1,500 mile²).
 The park is located 120 kilometers south of Tehran and 100 kilometers east of Qom, and it sits on the western end of one of Iran's two major deserts, the Dasht-e Kavir (Great Salt Desert).
 Siahkuh (Black Mountain), a large, semi-circular rock outcropping sits in roughly the park's center.
The Rainforest Ecological Train or Waterfalls Train ("Tren Ecológico de la Selva" or "Tren de las Cataratas") is an environmentally friendly, narrow gauge train that runs through the forest inside Iguazú National Park in the north of the province of Misiones of Argentina.
The Tropical Rainforest Heritage of Sumatra site was inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2004.
 It comprises three Indonesian national parks on the island of Sumatra: Gunung Leuser National Park, Kerinci Seblat National Park and the Bukit Barisan Selatan National Park.
 The site is listed under Criteria vii - outstanding scenic beauty; ix- an outstanding example representing significant on-going ecological and biological processes; and x- contains the most important and significant natural habitats for in-situ conservation.
Biak-na-Bato National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located almost entirely within Barangay Biak-na-Bato in San Miguel, Bulacan from where it derives its name.
 The park also extends to the nearby municipalities of San Ildefonso and Doña Remedios Trinidad covering a total area of 2,117 hectares.
 It was declared a national park in 1937 by President Manuel Luis Quezon by virtue of its association with the history and site of the Biak-na-Bato Republic.
 The park consists of a cave network and a system of rivers and trails of both historical and ecological importance.
 Situated only 80 kilometers northeast from Manila, it is fast becoming a popular weekend eco-adventure destination for the city dwellers.
This list of National Park System areas in Maryland includes the lands, trails, or park networks maintained by the National Park Service of the United States within the U.S. State of Maryland.
 The National Park Service controls 24 units in the state of Maryland.
 They range from sites of historical interest to sites of ecological interest to portions of the parkway system around Washington, DC.
 Many of the sites currently under the control of the National Park Service in Maryland were previously under the control of other agencies in the federal government, such as Antietam National Battlefield, which was originally managed by the Department of War.
 There are eight units administered by the National Park System as part of the National Capital Parks.
 The most recent unit created in Maryland is the Captain John Smith Chesapeake National Historic Trail, which was authorized by Congress in 2006.
Sajama National Park is a national park located in the Oruro Department, Bolivia.
 It borders Lauca National Park in Chile.
 The park is home to indigenous people, known as the Aymara, whose influential ancient culture can be seen in various aspects throughout the park.
 The park contains unique cultural artifacts and ecological wonders, making it an exemplary location for ecotourism.
 Many different indigenous plants and animals are exclusive to this area; therefore, its continued conservation is of great ecological importance.
 Management of the park operates under a co-administrative approach, with local people and park conservationists engaging in a constant dialogue regarding park upkeep and policy.
Guanacaste National Park, in Spanish Parque Nacional Guanacaste , is part of the Area de Conservación Guanacaste World Heritage Site, is a National Park in the northern part of Costa Rica, from the slopes of the Orosí and Cacao volcanoes west to the Interamerican Highway where it is adjacent to the Santa Rosa National Park.
 It was created in 1989, partially due to the campaigning and fund-raising of Dr. Daniel Janzen to allow a corridor between the dry forest and rain forest areas which many species migrate between seasonally.
 The park covers an area of approximately 340 square kilometers, and includes 140 species of mammals, over 300 birds, 100 amphibians and reptiles, and over 10,000 species of insects that have been identified.
 It was this high density of bio-diversity that encouraged the Costa Rican government to protect this area.
 The Guanacaste National Park weaves the neighboring Santa Rosa National Park with the high altitude forests of the two volcanoes, Orosi and Cacao, and the rainforest of the Caribbean in the country's north.
The IND Fulton Street Line is a rapid transit line of the IND Division of the New York City Subway, running from the Cranberry Street Tunnel under the East River through all of central Brooklyn to a terminus in Ozone Park, Queens.
 The IND Rockaway Line branches from it just east of Rockaway Boulevard.
 The A train runs express during daytime hours and local at night on the underground portion of the line; it runs local on the elevated portion of the line at all times.
 The C train runs local on the underground portion of the line at all times except late nights.
