"Helluva Nite" is an English language song by the Norwegian urban duo Madcon featuring vocals from Maad*Moiselle, even though Ludacris is featured on the album, Madcon decided not to put him in the single.
 It is the fourth single released from their fourth album Contraband.
 The song was written by Jonas Jeberg, Christopher Bridges, Marcus John Bryant, Nakisha Smith, Tshawe Baqwa and Yosef Wolde-Mariam.
 It was released on the 26 September 2011.
"Freaky Like Me" is an English language song by the Norwegian urban duo Madcon featuring vocals from Belgian-Tunisian singer Ameerah.
 It is the second single released from their fourth album "Contraband".
 The song was written by Ameerah, TJ Oosterhuis, Arjang "DreamRoc'a" Shishegar, Tshawe Baqwa and Yosef Wolde-Mariam and produced by Norwegian producer DreamRoc'a, also known as Sha, and TJ Oosterhuis.
 It was released on 20 September 2010.
 The song reached number one in Norway, making it their third number one in the country and their third biggest international hit.
"Do Ya" is the debut single of the Danish pop duo Anthony Jasmin, winners of the seventh season of the Danish version of "X Factor".
 The English language song was their winners song in the finale of the show on 28 March 2014.
 The song, immediately released after the results were announced, peaked on the Tracklisten the official Danish Singles Chart at number 1.
"Outrun the Sun" is an English language song by the Norwegian urban duo Madcon featuring vocals from Maad*Moiselle.
 It is the third single released from their fourth album Contraband.
 The song was written by Jonas Jeberg, Terence Abney, Tshawe Baqwa, Yosef Wolde-Mariam, Marcella Brailsford, Kasper Larsen, Ole Brodersen.
 It was released on 19 November 2010.
"Glow" is an English language song by the Norwegian urban duo Madcon.
 It is the first single released from their fourth album Contraband.
 The song is produced by production team Element, and written by Element and Madcon.
 Madcon performed the song during the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 interval in Oslo, Norway.
"Bye Bye Baby" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Finnish (despite the English language title) by CatCat, a duo formed by two sisters, a blonde and a brunette, named Virpi and Katja Kätkä, whose family name is phonetically similar to "cat cat" in English (especially in plural: Kätkät).
 The song is sung from the perspective of a woman ending a relationship because of her lover's infidelity.
 She claims that "I won't cry when this ends" and seems generally positive about her future prospects.
 The Eurovision version of the song is almost entirely in Finnish, according to the Contest rules in force at that time, but the first line of the chorus (quoted in the song's title) is in English.
"Liar" is an English language song by the Norwegian urban duo Madcon from their third studio album An InCONvenient Truth.
 The song was written by Kim Ofstad, Jonny Sjo, Hitesh Ceon, Yosef Woldemariam and Tshawe Shoore Baqwa and was released in 2008 in Norway and on 20 February 2009 in the UK.
 The song reached #2 in Norway and #65 in Germany.
"Time to Say Goodbye" is an English language song released by Greek-Swede duo Antique.
 It was released as a CD Single with its Greek version titled "Alli Mia Fora" (One More Time) in 2003 by Bonnier Music in Scandinavian countries.
"Cry Baby", written and composed by Martin Isherwood, was the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, and was performed by the duo Jemini.
 To date, it is the only song ever entered by the United Kingdom to earn no points (""nul points"") from any other countries.
 It was also the first ever English language song to receive no points.
"Commitment Issues" is the debut single of the Danish sister duo Embrace, winners of the ninth season of the Danish version of "X Factor".
 The English language song was their winners song in the finale of the show on 1 April 2016.
 The song peaked on the Hitlisten, the official Danish singles chart, at number 18.
