Nick Cheung Ka-fai (; born 2 December 1964) is a Hong Kong actor.
 He is a former Royal Hong Kong Police officer for four years, but he left the job after his request to be transferred to the criminal investigation department was turned down.
 He then worked for Danny Lee's film production company.
 His film debut is ""Thank you, Sir!""
, as a student at the Royal Hong Kong Cadet School.
 From 1989 to 1994, he worked at the television station ATV World.
 Later, he left ATV and joined another station, TVB.
 He left TVB in 2004, and worked mainly on films.
 His fame was built on Wong Jing's comedy at first, but he has changed his acting style for more sombre roles since 2003.
 He was nominated for his first Hong Kong film award in 1999, and won his first award in 2009 for his role in "Beast Stalker".
 He has been nominated many times at the Hong Kong Film Awards and other Chinese film awards since then.
Trouble Maker () is a 1995 joint Taiwan and Hong Kong romance comedy film directed by Taiwanese director Kevin Chu and produced by Hong Kong director Wong Jing.
 Starring Taiwanese actor singer Takeshi Kaneshiro, Hong Kong actor Ng Man-tat, Hong Kong actress Athena Chu and Taiwanese child actor Steven Hao Shao Wen.
 The Hong Kong Chinese title 蠟筆小小生 translates as "Crayon Siao Siao San" which is derived from the popular Japanese manga "Crayon Shin-chan" about a mischievous little boy.
 The movie was first released in Taiwan under the title "Fart King 臭屁王".
 The movie was renamed and dubbed in Cantonese for all the Taiwanese actors to cater to the Hong Kong audiences.
 Hong Kong actors Ng Man-tat, Athena Chu and Gabriel Wong Yat-San (known by his nickname "Small Turtle") filmed their lines in Cantonese which was dubbed over by an actor for the Mandarin version.
 The movie was released in Taiwan on 25 March 1995 and then a week later on 1 April 1995 in Hong Kong.
The Ting Hai effect, also known as the Adam Cheng effect, is a stock market phenomenon in which there is a sudden and unexplained drop in the stock market whenever a film or a television series starring Hong Kong actor Adam Cheng is released.
 It still remains as a popular topic among stock brokers, years after the television drama "The Greed of Man" was broadcast in Hong Kong in late 1992.
 The effect is named after Ting Hai, the primary antagonist in the drama, who was portrayed by Cheng.
Byron Pang Koon-kei () is a Hong Kong actor and former model of Jiexi, Guangdong Hakka descent.
 He first appeared as a runner-up contestant for Mr. Hong Kong in 2005.
 His appearances include the leading role in the 2010 film "Amphetamine" (as 'Kafka'), in "The Storm Warriors" (as 'Sky'), and in publicity photographs connected to the film "Permanent Residence".
 He has also appeared in a range of television drama series, all of which appeared on the Hong Kong TV network TVB Jade, as he had signed an exclusive contract with the network.
 He is now no longer with TVB, and works freelance.
 In 2013, he appeared as Yuan in the acclaimed Hong Kong movie "Voyage", set across Europe and Asia, and filmed in the English language.
Kohima Camp or Kohima Barracks as it was officially described () in Tai Po Tsai north of Clear Water Bay Peninsula was the site of a proposed new army barracks to house an additional British infantry battalion to be stationed in Hong Kong following a careful review of the needs of Hong Kong which had taken place over 1980/81.
 The purpose of the British Hong Kong garrison and of its reinforcement by an additional infantry battalion was intended to demonstrate the British Government's commitment to the integrity and the security of Hong Kong in the run up to 1997.
 The land acquisition and construction works for the barracks were to be undertaken by the Hong Kong Government.
 Under the Hong Kong Defence Costs Agreement signed in 1981, the Hong Kong Government was required to bear 75% of the costs of maintaining the British garrison.
 The plans to introduce an additional infantry battalion and to complete the construction of the barracks were cancelled in 1984 following the Sino-British Joint Declaration on the Future of Hong Kong.
 The land became the site of the new Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 1986.
The New Hong Kong Society (Chinese: 新香港學社) was a political organisation existed in the early 1980s in the background of Sino-British negotiation over Hong Kong's sovereignty after 1997.
 It was one of the first groups to accept Chinese sovereignty over Hong Kong and the idea of Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong through democratic means.
 The society comprised mainly young graduates who recently graduated in the 1980s and offered a detailed plan to implement the idea of Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong in early 1983 and had discussion with the officials of the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office.
The Hong Kong Morris (, Cantonese pronunciation: "Heung Gong Gwoo Doi Ying Gwok Mo Tuen", literally Hong Kong Ancient English Dance Platoon) is an English morris dancing team or side founded in Hong Kong in 1974.
 The side now has two chapters, the Hong Kong Morris in Hong Kong and the Hong Kong (UK) Morris, colloquially known as The Brackets, in the United Kingdom.
 In its heyday, in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the Hong Kong Morris was one of the largest Cotswold morris sides in the world.
 The side is committed to the principles of multiculturalism and inclusivity, and has always encouraged a multicultural membership and mixed dancing.
 The return of the former British colony of Hong Kong to China in 1997 has had no effect on the side's activities, and it continues to flourish as a notable example of the resilience of Western cultural activity in postcolonial Hong Kong.
The Greed of Man is a Hong Kong television series first broadcast on TVB Jade in 1992.
 The story, spanning three decades from the 1970s to the 1990s in Hong Kong and Taiwan, addresses various social and financial phenomena of the times, from triad violence to corruption in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
 It featured a top roster cast, including veteran TVB actors Adam Cheng and Damian Lau and award-winning actor Sean Lau.
 The series is also well remembered for a Hong Kong stock market cultural phenomenon called the "Ting Hai effect".
Alex Fong (方力申, Fong Lik-Sun; born 26 February 1980) is a Hong Kong actor, singer and swimmer.
 He was nicknamed "Little Flying Fish" for his swimming achievements.
 As of 2016, Fong still holds several Hong Kong swimming records (and some youth-grade records).
 He first represented Hong Kong at the age of 11.
 Fong has also represented Hong Kong at the Sydney Olympics in 2000.
 He holds a degree in Business Administration from the University of Hong Kong.
 Fong caught the attention of record executives with his popularity amongst teenage girls and became a singer in 2001.
Chung King-fai, SBS, is a Hong Kong actor and pioneer of contemporary performing art.
 He is also a director, TV producer, programme host and performing arts educator.
 He is the founder and president of the Hong Kong Federation of Drama Societies, Art Form Panels of the Hong Kong Leisure and Cultural Services Department, Chairman of Exploration Theatre, and Art Director of Hong Kong Arts Development Council.
