Oscar Torre is an actor, film director and Producer.
 He is known for the role of Santo in the CBS TV series Cane (TV series), as one of the leads (Miguelito) in the LIONSGATE film To Rob a Thief (Spanish: Ladrón que Roba a Ladrón) and The Hangover Part III, and in 2014 directed "Pretty Rosebud", which starred his wife Chuti Tiu.
Hostel: Part III is a 2011 American horror film directed by Scott Spiegel and the third and final installment of the "Hostel" trilogy.
 It was written by Michael D. Weiss.
 This is the first film in the series to be neither written nor directed by Eli Roth and the first not to have a theatrical release.
 Also, this movie redirects the base of the Elite Hunting Club from Slovakia to Las Vegas.
Barry M. Malkin (born October 26, 1938) is an American film editor with about 30 film credits.
 He is noted for his extended collaboration with director Francis Ford Coppola, having edited most of Coppola's films from 1969-1997.
 In particular, Malkin worked with Coppola on four of the component and compilation films of the "Godfather Trilogy", although he was not involved in the original 1972 film.
 Roger Ebert has written of "The Godfather Part II", which Malkin edited, "... why is it a "great movie"?
 Because it must be seen as a piece with the unqualified greatness of "The Godfather."
 The two can hardly be considered apart ("Part III" is another matter).
 When the characters in a film take on a virtual reality for us, when a character in another film made 30 years later can say "The Godfather" contains all the lessons in life you need to know, when an audience understands why that statement could be made, a film has become a cultural bedrock."
Friday the 13th Part III is a 1982 American 3D slasher film directed by Steve Miner and the third installment in the "Friday the 13th" film series.
 Originally released in 3-D, it is the first film to feature antagonist Jason Voorhees wearing his signature hockey mask, which has become a trademark of both the character and franchise, as well an icon in American cinema and horror films in general.
 As a direct sequel to "Friday the 13th" (1980) and "Friday the 13th Part 2" (1981), the film follows a group of co-eds on vacation at a house on Crystal Lake, where Jason Voorhees has taken refuge.
Lupin III Part III is the third incarnation of TMS Entertainment's long-running anime television adaptation of the "Lupin III" (ルパン三世 , Rupan Sansei ) manga series written by Monkey Punch.
 The series aired on Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation between March 3, 1984 and November 6, 1985.
 The feature film "Legend of the Gold of Babylon", was released in theaters during the original broadcast run of this television series.
 The film was co-directed by Seijun Suzuki, who wrote the screenplay for episode 13 of this series.
 Among English-speaking fans, this series is commonly known as the "Pink Jacket" series in reference to Lupin's outfit, which replaces Part I's green jacket and Part II's red jacket with a bright pink one.
Rick Carter (born 1950) is an American production designer and art director.
 He is known for his work in the film "Forrest Gump", which earned him an Oscar nomination, as well as numerous nominations of other awards for his work in "Amistad" and "A.I. Artificial Intelligence".
 Other films include "Cast Away", "War of the Worlds", "What Lies Beneath", "Jurassic Park", "Avatar", and "Back to the Future Part II" and "Part III".
 Many of the films that he has worked on are directed by Steven Spielberg or Robert Zemeckis.
 For his part in the Art Direction of "Avatar", he was awarded the Academy Award for Best Production Design alongside Robert Stromberg and Kim Sinclair.
 In 2013, Carter won his second Academy Award, for production design on Steven Spielberg's biopic, "Lincoln".
Sunil Rawal (born 23 May 1983) is a film producer and actor active in the Nepali film industry.
 He has been involved in the film industry since 2012.
 His first movie as a producer and actor was "Saayad", produced under the banner of Durgish Films Pvt. Ltd. and directed by Suraj Subba.
 He is Managing Director of Durgish Films Pvt. Ltd.
 Since his involvement in the industry, he has been the center point of attraction to both filmmaker and audience.
 His First movie Saayad in 2011 was the trend breaker.
 Rawal collected numerous award from that movie.
 Being a Member of Nepal Film Producer Association, He was awarded by Nepal Film Producer Association for the best product, Saayad.
 Then his dedication of filmmaking reached to another level, which helped him to produce another blockbuster movie HOSTEL, 2012, which was the heart of youth nepali audience.
 Hostel too got numbers of award including national award.
 After grand success of Hostel, Rawal came with another blockbuster movie Hostel Returns, Sequel of Hostel in 2015.
 Till the date Rawal is only the producer in Nepali Film Industry with No flops.
 Rawal is inspiration and role model to many youth who is willing to make their career in Nepali Film Industry.
 Sequel of his first Film Saayad, Saayad 2 is set to release on 14 July 2017.
 Beside Filmmaking, Rawal is busy on serving the society, in his initiation, library was established in Nirankari Aadarsha Bidhya Mandir, Kailali.
 He was one of the active filmmaker to serve earthquake victims in different part of Nepal.
 He has great contribution to flood victims of eastern and western Nepal.
 Getting Back to film Industry, His upcoming Projects, Laaure and Woolen Marry is running smoothly on Pre-production.
Hostel: Part II is a 2007 American horror film written and directed by Eli Roth, and the sequel to his 2005 horror film "Hostel".
 It stars Lauren German, Roger Bart, Heather Matarazzo, Bijou Phillips, and Richard Burgi and was produced by Chris Briggs, Mike Fleiss, and Eli Roth; Boaz Yakin, Scott Spiegel, and Quentin Tarantino are executive producers.
 Like its predecessor, the film is set in Slovakia and centers on a facility in which rich clients pay to torture (to death, which is mandatory) kidnapped victims.
Hostel is a 2005 American horror film written and directed by Eli Roth.
 It stars Jay Hernandez and was produced by Mike Fleiss, Eli Roth, and Chris Briggs; Boaz Yakin, Scott Spiegel, and Quentin Tarantino are executive producers.
 It is the first installment of the "Hostel" trilogy, followed by "" (2007) and "" (2011).
 The film tells the story of two college students traveling across Europe, who find themselves preyed upon by a mysterious group that tortures and kills kidnapped victims.
Talk Dirty to Me is a pornographic movie series of 15 films running from 1980 until 2003.
 Anthony Spinelli written and the direct the first film.
 John Leslie starred in the first five films, playing the character "Jack".
 Although, after the fifth film relevance to the original film and Leslie's character disappears.
 Talk Dirty to Me Part III is notable for featuring Traci Lords in one her earliest roles.
 The original movie Talk Dirty to Me also generated a spin-off called Nothing to Hide (1981), starring John Leslie and Richard Pacheco, playing their characters Jack and Lenny.
 "Nothing to Hide" was followed by two sequels Justine (1993) and Nothing to Hide 3 (1999).
