"Doretta's Dream" is a 1987 single by Sarah Brightman.
 The song is based on the aria "Chi il bel sogno di Doretta" ("Doretta's Beautiful Dream") from Giacomo Puccini's opera "La Rondine".
 New English lyrics were written by Charles Hart.
Les vêpres siciliennes ("The Sicilian Vespers") is a grand opéra in five acts by the Italian romantic composer Giuseppe Verdi set to a French libretto by Eugène Scribe and Charles Duveyrier from their work "Le duc d'Albe", which was written in 1838.
 "Les vêpres" followed immediately after Verdi's three great mid-career masterpieces, "Rigoletto", "Il trovatore" and "La traviata" of 1850 to 1853 and was first performed at the Paris Opéra on 13 June 1855.
Loretta Di Franco is an American operatic soprano who is chiefly known for her more than 900 performances at the Metropolitan Opera from 1961-1995.
 Originally a member of the Met's opera chorus, she eventually was promoted to singing small comprimario roles beginning with one of the pages in Wagner's "Tannhäuser" and the peasant girl in "The Marriage of Figaro" in 1961.
 She went on to win the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions in 1965 which led to her first substantial role, Chloe in "The Queen of Spades".
 She continued to appear annually at the Met for the next 30 years, performing both leading and supporting roles.
 Some of the parts she performed at the Met included Annina in "La traviata", both the Aunt and Barena in Janáček's "Jenůfa", Barbarina and Marcellina in "The Marriage of Figaro", Berta in "The Barber of Seville", Countess Ceprano in "Rigoletto", the Dew Fairy and the Sandman in "Hansel and Gretel", Feklusa in "Káťa Kabanová", the First Lady in "The Magic Flute", the Flower Seller in Britten's "Death in Venice", Frasquita in "Carmen", Gerhilde in "Die Walküre", Giannetta in "L'elisir d'amore", Helen in "Mourning Becomes Electra", Ines in "Il trovatore", Jouvenot in "Adriana Lecouvreur", Kate Pinkerton in "Madama Butterfly", Laura in "Luisa Miller", Lauretta in "Gianni Schichi", Lisa in "La sonnambula", Marianne in "Der Rosenkavalier", Marthe in "Faust", Musetta in "La bohème", Oscar in "Un ballo in maschera", Samaritana in "Francesca da Rimini", Woglinde in both "Das Rheingold" and "Götterdämmerung", Xenia in "Boris Godunov", Zerlina in "Don Giovanni", and title role in "Lucia di Lammermoor".
 In 1991 she created the role of the Woman with Child in the world premiere of John Corigliano's "The Ghosts of Versailles".
Pietro Spagnoli (born 22 January 1964) is an Italian operatic baritone, born in Rome.
 In the 2013/14 season, he will be singing Sulpice Pingot in Donizetti's "La Fille du régiment" at The Royal Opera, having made his debut there as Figaro in "Il barbiere di Siviglia" and having since sung Rambaldo Fernandez in "La rondine".
Plácido Domingo has made hundreds of opera performances, music albums, and concert recordings throughout his career as an operatic tenor.
 From his first operatic leading role as Alfredo in "La traviata" in 1961, his major debuts continued in swift succession: "Tosca" at the Hamburg State Opera and "Don Carlos" at the Vienna State Opera in 1967; "Adriana Lecouvreur" at the Metropolitan Opera, "Turandot" in Verona Arena and "La bohème" in San Francisco in 1969; "La Gioconda" in 1970; "Tosca" in Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in 1971; "La bohème" at the Bavarian State Opera in 1972; "Il trovatore" at the Paris Opéra in 1973 and "Don Carlo" at the Salzburg Festival in 1975, "Parsifal" in 1992 at the Bayreuth Festival; and the list continues until today; the same role is often recorded more than once.
Frank Guarrera (December 3, 1923 – November 23, 2007) was an Italian-American lyric baritone who enjoyed a long and distinguished career at the Metropolitan Opera, singing with the company for a total of 680 performances.
 He performed 35 different roles at the Met, mostly from the Italian and French repertories, from 1948 through 1976.
 His most frequent assignments at the house were as Escamillo in Georges Bizet's "Carmen", Marcello in Giacomo Puccini's "La Bohème", Valentin in Charles Gounod's "Faust", and Ping in Puccini's "Turandot".
 He was also an admired interpreter of Mozart roles, establishing himself in the parts of both Guglielmo and Don Alfonso in "Così fan tutte" and Count Almaviva in "Le nozze di Figaro".
 Most of the roles he portrayed were from the lyric repertoire, such as the title role in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin", but he also sang some heavier roles at the Met like Amonasro in "Aïda", Jack Rance in "La fanciulla del West" and Il conte di Luna in "Il trovatore".
Giuseppe Adami (4 February 187812 October 1946) was an Italian librettist, known for his collaboration with Giacomo Puccini on the operas "La rondine" (1917), "Il tabarro" (1918) and "Turandot" (1926).
Elena da Feltre is an opera in three acts by 19th-century Italian composer Saverio Mercadante from a libretto by Salvatore Cammarano, well known as librettist of Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor" and Verdi's "Il trovatore".
 The premiere took place at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples on 1 January 1839 as part of the Carnival Season.
 While not successful at the time, the opera was revived at La Scala in 1843 with twenty performances.
This is a partial discography of Giuseppe Verdi's opera "Il trovatore" ("The Troubadour") and "Le trouvère" (the revised version in French translation).
 At least 83 recordings exist of the opera as a whole, made between 1912 and 2011, although not all of them are absolutely complete.
 Of these, 45 are live audio recordings, 22 are studio audio recordings, and 16 are videos or movies.
 "Il trovatore" was first performed at the Teatro Apollo, Rome on 19 January 1853.
 "Le trouvère" was first presented on 12 January 1857.
Francesco Dominici (1885–1968) was an Italian operatic tenor particularly admired for his acting in comedic roles.
 He made his professional opera debut as Fernando in Donizetti's "La favorite" at the Teatro Donizetti in Bergamo in 1914.
 He created the role of Prunier in the original 1917 production of Puccini's "La rondine" at the Grand Théâtre de Monte Carlo, a role which he performed at many other opera houses including the Teatro Comunale di Bologna.
 Over the next several years he played mostly leading roles at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome including Rodolfo in Puccini's "La Bohème", Fenton in Verdi's "Falstaff", and the Ernesto in Donizetti's "Don Pasquale".
 In the early 1920s he joined the roster at La Scala where he began playing more buffo roles than leading roles.
 In 1921, he sang the role of doctor Cajus in Verdi's Falstaff at La Scala and in 1922 was Filipeto in the company's first production of Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari's "I quattro rusteghi".
 In 1926 he created the role of Emperor Altoum in the original production of Puccini's "Turandot" at La Scala.
 In 1929 he went on tour with La Scala to Germany.
 Other roles that Dominici performed at La Scala include David in Wagner's "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg", Monostatos in Mozart's "The Magic Flute", and the Neipperg in Umberto Giordano's "Madame Sans-Gêne".
 In 1931 he moved to Cuba, where he taught music for many years.
 Dominici died in Havana in 1968.
