Maskarade ("Masquerade") is an opera in three acts by Carl Nielsen to a Danish libretto by Vilhelm Andersen, based on the comedy by Ludvig Holberg.
 It was first performed on 11 November 1906 at Det Kongelige Teater, Copenhagen.
 "Maskarade" has enjoyed enduring popularity in Denmark where it is considered to be the country's national opera.
The Devils is a 1971 British historical drama horror film directed by Ken Russell and starring Oliver Reed and Vanessa Redgrave.
 Russell's screenplay is based partly on the 1952 book "The Devils of Loudun" by Aldous Huxley, and partly on the 1960 play "The Devils" by John Whiting, also based on Huxley's book.
The Devils of Loudun is a 1952 non-fiction novel by Aldous Huxley.
 It is a historical narrative of supposed demonic possession, religious fanaticism, sexual repression, and mass hysteria that occurred in seventeenth-century France surrounding unexplained events that took place in the small town of Loudun.
 It centers on Roman Catholic priest Urbain Grandier and an entire convent of Ursuline nuns, who allegedly became possessed by demons after Grandier made a pact with Satan.
 The events led to several public exorcisms as well as executions by burning.
The Devils is a play, commissioned by Sir Peter Hall for the Royal Shakespeare Company and written by British dramatist John Whiting, based on Aldous Huxley's book, "The Devils of Loudun".
Urbain Grandier (born in 1590 in Bouère, died in Mayenne – 18 August 1634 in Loudun) was a French Catholic priest who was burned at the stake after being convicted of witchcraft, following the events of the so-called "Loudun Possessions".
 The circumstances of Father Grandier's trial and execution have attracted the attention of writers Alexandre Dumas, père, Aldous Huxley and the playwright John Whiting, composers like Krzysztof Penderecki and Peter Maxwell Davies, as well as historian Jules Michelet and various scholars of European witchcraft.
 Most modern commentators have concluded that Grandier was the victim of a politically motivated persecution led by the powerful Cardinal Richelieu.
The canton of Loudun is an administrative division of the Vienne department, western France.
 Its borders were modified at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015.
 Its seat is in Loudun.
The Loudun possessions was a notorious witchcraft trial in Loudun, France in 1634.
 A convent of Ursuline nuns said they had been visited and possessed by demons.
 Following an investigation by the Catholic Church, a local priest named Father Urbain Grandier was accused of summoning the evil spirits.
 He was eventually convicted of the crimes of sorcery and burned at the stake.
Jeanne des Anges, also known as Jeanne de Belcier (2 February 1602 – 29 January 1665), was a French Ursuline nun in Loudun, France.
 She became mother superior of the convent at a young age, but is chiefly remembered as a central figure in the case of the possessed of Loudun in 1632, which led, after witch trials, to the burning at the stake of the priest Urbain Grandier two years later.
Die Teufel von Loudun ("The Devils of Loudun") is an opera in three acts written in 1968 and 1969 by Polish composer Krzysztof Penderecki, and then revised in 1972 and 1975.
 It has a German libretto by the composer, based on John Whiting's dramatization of Aldous Huxley's novel of the same name.
The Treaty of Loudun was signed on May 3, 1616, in Loudun, France, and ended the war that originally began as a power struggle between queen mother Marie de Medici's favorite Concino Concini (recently made Marquis d'Ancre) and Henry II de Condé, the next in line for Louis XIII's throne.
 The war gained religious undertones when rebellious Huguenot princes joined Condé's revolt.
