Unexpected Productions (UP) is an improvisational comedy company in Seattle, Washington, USA.
 From their home at the Market Theater in Seattle's historic Pike Place Market, in Post Alley, Unexpected Productions produces year-round shows, teaches improv classes, and hosts the Seattle International Festival of Improvisation.
The Pike Place Fish Market, founded in 1930, is an open air fish market located in Seattle, Washington's Pike Place Market, at the corner of Pike Street and Pike Place.
 It is known for their tradition of fishmongers throwing fish that customers have purchased, before they are wrapped.
 After nearing bankruptcy in 1986, the fish market owner and employees decided to become "world famous", changing their way of doing business by introducing their flying fish, games, and customer performances.
 Four years later, they were featured repeatedly in the national media and television shows.
 The store is now a popular tourist destination in Seattle, attracting up to 10,000 daily visitors, and is often billed as world-famous.
2nd & Pike, also known as the West Edge Tower, is a 440 ft residential skyscraper currently under construction in Seattle, Washington.
 The 39-story tower, developed by Urban Visions and designed by Tom Kundig of Olson Kundig Architects, will house 339 luxury apartments and several ground-level retail spaces; the 8th floor will include a bar overlooking the historic Pike Place Market, located a block west.
The Market Theater Gum Wall is a brick wall covered in used chewing gum, in an alleyway in downtown Seattle.
 It is located in Post Alley under Pike Place Market.
 Similar to Bubblegum Alley in San Luis Obispo, California, the Market Theater Gum Wall is a local landmark.
 Parts of the wall can be covered several inches thick, 15 feet high for 50 feet.
Rachel, also known as Market Foundation Piggy Bank, Rachael the Pig, Rachel the Pig or Rachel the Piggy Bank, is an outdoor bronze sculpture of a piggy bank, designed by Georgia Gerber and located at Pike Place Market in Seattle, Washington, in the United States.
 It was dedicated on August 17, 1986, the market's 79th birthday, and is maintained by the Pike Place Market Foundation.
 Modeled after a pig (also named Rachel) that lived on Whidbey Island and was the 1977 Island County prize-winner, "Rachel" receives roughly $9,000 annually in just about every type of world currency, which is collected by the Market Foundation to fund the Market's social services.
Left Bank Books Collective is an anarchist bookstore, founded in 1973, in Seattle, Washington.
 It is located at 92 Pike Street, on the corner of Pike Place Market.
 Its Lonely Planet review states that it "displays zines in "español", revolutionary pamphlets, essays by Chomsky and an inherent suspicion of authority."
Beecher's Handmade Cheese is an artisan cheesemaker and retail shop with locations in the Pike Place Market, Seattle, Washington and New York City's Flatiron District.
 The company was founded by Kurt Beecher Dammeier in 2003 and opened in the Pike Place Market after Dammeier obtained a difficult to obtain storefront lease in the Market.
 Because Dammeier had never been a cheesemaker, he sought out the assistance of Brad Sinko, who helped run a family cheese-making business in Oregon.
 A second location was opened in 2011 in the Flatiron neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City.
The Butterworth Building or Butterworth Block at 1921 First Avenue in Seattle, Washington was originally built as the Butterworth & Sons mortuary, which moved into this location in 1903 and moved to larger quarters in 1923.
 Located on a steep hill, the building has only three stories on the First Avenue side, but five on Post Alley.
 The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP); adjacent to Pike Place Market, it falls within the NRHP's Pike Place Public Market Historic District and the city's Place Market Historical District.
 Now owned by the McAleese Family since 2005.
The Pike Place Starbucks store, commonly called the Original Starbucks, is the first Starbucks store, established in 1971 at Pike Place Market in downtown Seattle, Washington, United States.
 The store has kept its early appearance over time and is subject to design guidelines due to its historic significance.
 The store is considered a tourist attraction and often hosts a crowd.
Pike Place Market is a public market overlooking the Elliott Bay waterfront in Seattle, Washington, United States.
 The Market opened August 17, 1907, and is one of the oldest continuously operated public farmers' markets in the United States.
 It is a place of business for many small farmers, craftspeople and merchants. Named after the central street, Pike Place runs northwest from Union Street to Virginia Street.
 With more than 10 million visitors annually, Pike Place Market is Seattle's most popular tourist destination and is the 33rd most visited tourist attraction in the world.
