The Oyster River is a 17 mi river in Strafford County, southeastern New Hampshire, United States.
 It rises in Barrington, flows southeast to Lee, then east-southeast in a serpentine course past Durham to meet the entrance of Great Bay into Little Bay.
 The bays are tidal inlets of the Atlantic Ocean, to which they are connected by a tidal estuary, the Piscataqua River.
 The freshwater portion of the river is 14.1 mi long, and the tidal river extends 2.9 mi from Durham to Great Bay.
The Roman River is a river that flows entirely through the English county of Essex.
 It is a tributary of the River Colne, flowing into its tidal estuary below Colchester.
 The lower end of the Roman River is also tidal, with tidal water flowing upstream to just above Fingringhoe.
The East River is a salt water tidal estuary in New York City.
 The waterway, which is actually not a river despite its name, connects Upper New York Bay on its south end to Long Island Sound on its north end.
 It separates the borough of Queens on Long Island from the Bronx on the North American mainland, and also divides Manhattan from Queens and Brooklyn, which is also on Long Island.
 Because of its connection to Long Island Sound, it was once also known as the "Sound River".
 The tidal strait changes its direction of flow frequently, and is subject to strong fluctuations in its current, which are accentuated by its narrowness and variety of depths.
 The waterway is navigable for its entire length of 16 mi , and was historically the center of maritime activities in the city, although that is no longer the case.
The Severn Barrage refers to a range of ideas for building a barrage from the English coast to the Welsh coast over the Severn tidal estuary.
 Ideas for damming or barraging the Severn estuary (and Bristol Channel) have existed since the 19th century.
 The building of such a barrage would constitute an engineering project, comparable with some of the world's biggest.
 The purposes of such a project has typically been one, or several of: transport links, flood protection, harbour creation, or tidal power generation.
 In recent decades it is the latter that has grown to be the primary focus for barrage ideas, and the others are now seen as useful side-effects.
 Following the Severn Tidal Power Feasibility Study (2008–10), the British government concluded that there was no strategic case for building a barrage but to continue to investigate emerging technologies.
Bush River is a tidal estuary in Harford County, Maryland, located about 15 mi (24 km) northeast of Baltimore.
 The estuary extends from the community of Riverside, south for about 9 mi (14 km), to the Chesapeake Bay.
 The watershed area of tidal Bush River is 125 mi (320 km), and includes Aberdeen Proving Ground, a military facility.
Branford is a shoreline town located on Long Island Sound in New Haven County, Connecticut, 8 mi east of New Haven.
 The population was 28,026 at the 2010 census.
The Wouri estuary, or Cameroon estuary is a large tidal estuary in Cameroon where several rivers come together, emptying into the Bight of Biafra.
 Douala, the largest city in Cameroon, is at the mouth of the Wouri River where it enters the estuary.
 The estuary contains extensive mangrove forests, which are being damaged by pollution and population pressures.
Crooked River is a waterway in Franklin County, Florida that connects the tidal estuary of the Ochlockonee River to a junction with the tidal Carrabelle River and the New River above the town of Carrabelle, Florida.
 The Crooked River channel is 41 km long, while its ends are 24 km apart.
The Humber is a large tidal estuary on the east coast of Northern England.
 It is formed at Trent Falls, Faxfleet, by the confluence of the tidal rivers Ouse and Trent.
 From there to the North Sea, it forms part of the boundary between the East Riding of Yorkshire on the north bank and Lincolnshire on the south bank.
 Although the Humber is an estuary from the point at which it is formed, many maps show it as the River Humber.
Located in northern California the Suisun Marsh ( ) is the largest brackish water marsh on west coast of the United States of America.
 The marsh land is part of the San Francisco Bay tidal estuary, and subject to tidal ebb and flood.
 The marsh is home to many species of birds and other wildlife, and is formed by the confluence of the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers between Martinez and Suisun City, California and several other smaller, local watersheds.
 Adjacent to Suisun Bay, the marsh is immediately west of the legally defined Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta as well as part of the San Francisco Bay estuary.
