No. 4 Elementary Flying Training School (No. 4 EFTS) was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) pilot training unit that operated during World War II.
 It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme.
 No. 4 EFTS was established in January 1940 at Mascot, New South Wales, and initially operated in conjunction with civilian flying organisations based at Mascot and Newcastle.
 The school was disbanded in April 1942, and its operations transferred to No. 6 Elementary Flying School at Tamworth.
No. 3 Elementary Flying Training School (No. 3 EFTS) was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) pilot training unit that operated during World War II.
 It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme.
 No. 3 EFTS was established in January 1940 at Essendon, Victoria, and initially included a significant proportion of civilian staff and private aircraft; by mid-year these had been largely integrated into the military.
 The school was disbanded in May 1942, its aircraft and instructional staff having been transferred to No. 11 Elementary Flying School at Benalla.
No. 2 Elementary Flying Training School (No. 2 EFTS) was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) pilot training unit that operated during World War II.
 It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme.
 No. 2 EFTS was established in November 1939 as No. 3 Flying Training School at Archerfield, Queensland, and partially utilised aircraft and facilities of the civilian air training organisations based there.
 The school was renamed No. 2 EFTS in January 1940.
 It was disbanded in March 1942, and its operations transferred to No. 5 Elementary Flying School at Narromine, New South Wales, and No. 11 Elementary Flying School at Benalla, Victoria.
No. 11 Elementary Flying Training School (No. 11 EFTS) was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) pilot training unit that operated during World War II.
 It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme.
 No. 11 EFTS was established in June 1941 at Benalla, Victoria, and operated Tiger Moths and Wackett Trainers during the war.
 It ceased training in July 1945 after almost 3,000 students had passed through, and was re-formed as Care and Maintenance Unit (CMU) Benalla in February 1946.
 CMU Benalla was disbanded in October 1948.
No. 1 Elementary Flying Training School (No. 1 EFTS) was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) pilot training unit that operated during World War II.
 It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme.
 The unit was established in November 1939 as No. 2 Flying Training School at Melbourne, Victoria.
 It was relocated to Parafield, South Australia, in December 1939 and renamed No. 1 EFTS the following month.
 Training activities relocated to Tamworth, New South Wales, in May 1944; the school was disbanded in December that year.
No. 2 Flying Training School (No. 2 FTS) is the main flying training school of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
 Formed under its present name in 1969, it is located at RAAF Base Pearce, Western Australia.
 The unit operates a fleet of Pilatus PC-9 turboprop trainers.
 No. 2 FTS traces its origins to the post-war re-establishment of the Air Force's original cadet training unit, No. 1 Flying Training School (No. 1 FTS), at RAAF Point Cook, Victoria, in 1947.
 Following reorganisation of aircrew training in 1951–52, No. 1 FTS was renamed No. 1 Applied Flying Training School (No. 1 AFTS), and began specialising in advanced flight instruction on CAC Wirraways.
 It relocated to RAAF Base Pearce in 1958, where it converted to De Havilland Vampire jet trainers.
 In January 1969, the school was reformed as No. 2 FTS, having the previous year begun replacing the Vampires with Macchi MB-326Hs.
 The Macchis were themselves replaced by the PC-9 beginning in 1989.
No. 8 Elementary Flying Training School (No. 8 EFTS) was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) pilot training unit that operated during World War II.
 It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme.
 No. 8 EFTS was established in September 1940 at Narrandera, New South Wales.
 Training ceased in December 1944 and the school was reduced to maintaining base infrastructure and aircraft.
 It was officially disbanded in June 1945 and renamed Care and Maintenance Unit (CMU) Narrandera.
 The CMU was disbanded in December 1947.
No. 5 Elementary Flying Training School (No. 5 EFTS) was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) pilot training unit that operated during World War II.
 It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme.
 No. 5 EFTS was established in June 1940 at Narromine, New South Wales, and primarily operated Tiger Moths.
 It ceased training in June 1944, after more than 3,700 students had passed through.
No. 12 Elementary Flying Training School was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) pilot training unit of World War II.
 It was established in October 1941 at Bundaberg Airport and provided introductory flying training to new RAAF pilots.
 No. 12 Elementary Flying Training School relocated to Lowood Airfield on 12 January 1942.
 Due to arrival of the United States Army Air Corp at Lowood in March, the aircraft, staff and trainees were allocated to other units, with the unit being disbanded in April.
No. 1 Basic Flying Training School (No. 1 BFTS) was a flying training school of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
 Along with No. 1 Initial Flying Training School (No. 1 IFTS), it was formed in response to increased demand for aircrew during the Korean War and Malayan Emergency.
 No. 1 BFTS was established in December 1951 at RAAF Base Uranquinty, New South Wales, where it operated de Havilland Tiger Moths and CAC Wirraways.
 The school absorbed the activities of No. 1 IFTS in January 1955, as aircrew training requirements had ased following the end of the Korean War.
 No. 1 BFTS moved to RAAF Base Point Cook, Victoria, in May 1958, by which time it was exclusively flying CAC Winjeels. Its training program expanded in the mid-1960s owing to Australia's commitments in the Vietnam War.
 No. 1 BFTS was re-formed as No. 1 Flying Training School at Point Cook in January 1969.
