The Billion-Dollar Molecule is a book by journalist Barry Werth about the founding and early research efforts of the American biotechnology company Vertex Pharmaceuticals, which was founded in 1989 by Joshua Boger and was among the first biotechnology companies to adopt an explicit strategy of rational drug design as opposed to techniques based on combinatorial chemistry.
Barry Werth is an American author and journalist.
 His work has appeared in "The New York Times", "The New Yorker", "GQ", the "Smithsonian", and the "MIT Technology Review".
 He has also served as an instructor in journalism at Smith College, Mount Holyoke College, and Boston University.
Weekend was a long-running Canadian magazine and newspaper supplement.
 The "Montreal Standard" was founded in 1905 as a weekly newspaper and was purchased by the "Montreal Star" in 1925.
 In 1951 the "Standard" was relaunched in magazine format as "Weekend Picture Magazine" serving as a newspaper supplement for the "Montreal Star" and eight other local newspapers across Canada.
 Eventually shortening its name to "Weekend", the magazine, printed using the rotogravure process, included features writing, cultural and entertainment reporting, cartoons by Doug Wright, colour advertising and photographs and recipes among other items.
 The magazine began with a circulation of 900,000 and peaked in the 1960s when it was carried in 41 newspapers and had a circulation of 2.5 million, making it the largest circulation magazine in Canada.
 In 1959 a French-language edition, "Perspectives", was launched.
Les Synthétistes were a group of Belgian composers whose goal was to synthetize the modern musical tendencies starting in 1925.
 All of them were ex-pupils of the Belgian composer Paul Gilson and started the organization as a way to celebrate their teacher's 60th birthday in 1925.
 Their first act was to publish the magazine "La Revue Musicale Belge".
 The group longed to be a Belgian counterpart to the famous French composing group Les Six.
Terror Australis: the Australian Horror and Fantasy Magazine (1988-1992) was Australia's first mass market horror magazine.
 It succeeded the "Australian Horror and Fantasy Magazine" (1984–87) edited by Barry Radburn and Stephen Studach and was the first semi-professional magazine of its kind in Australia to pay authors.
 After working on the production crew of AH&FM, when Radburn eventually suspended publication, Leigh Blackmore took over the subscription base and with co-editors Chris G.C. Sequeira and Bryce J. Stevens founded "Terror Australis".
 Kevin Dillon, a longtime Australian sf fan who had belonged to the Australian Futurians had the role of 'Special Consultant' for financial support and proofreading work on the magazine.
Jonathan Lucas was appointed by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 22 March 2010 as the Secretary of the International Narcotics Control Board and Chief of the International Narcotics Control Board Secretariat.
 In this position, Mr. Lucas is in charge of the permanent staff in at the United Nations in Vienna working on the international drug control treaties.
 The Board has had predecessors since the time of under the League of Nations, starting in 1909 in Shanghai with the International Opium Commission, the first international drug control conference.
 The International Opium Convention of 1925 established the Permanent Central Board (first known as the Permanent Central Opium Board and then as the Permanent Central Narcotics Board).
 That Board started its work in 1929.
 After the dissolution of the League, the 1946 Protocol Amending the Agreements, Conventions and Protocols on Narcotic Drugs concluded at The Hague on 23 January 1912, at Geneva on 11 February 1925 and 19 February 1925, and 13 July 1931, at Bangkok on 27 November 1931 and at Geneva on 26 June 1936, created a Supervisory Body to administer the estimate system.
 The functions of both bodies were merged into the Board by the 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs.
 The composition of the Board under the Single Convention was strongly influenced by the 1946 treaty.
Otto Koistinen (born 1925) is a Finnish kantele maker who specializes in building acoustic kanteles and Estonian kannel.
 He started to make his first kanteles in 1957 while he was working as a pilot on Pielinen Lake in North Karelia.
 As the first instrument was completed during winter 1957, Koistinen found out a number of lacks in construction and sound and thus lifetime development of Finnish and later Estonian chromatic kanteles was initiated.
 The influence of the family has always had an important role in this process.
 Otto’s daughter, Ritva Koistinen, started to play kantele at early age showing high level of talent and thus brought motivation for her father’s work.
 Otto's son Hannu Koistinen started to build kanteles with his father at the age of seven and later continued to develop the instrument and preserve family tradition by establishing Koistinen Kantele company.
Koli Kouame was appointed by UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on 6 September 2004 as the Secretary of the International Narcotics Control Board and Chief of the International Narcotics Control Board Secretariat.
 In this position, Mr. Kouame was in charge of the permanent staff in at the United Nations in Vienna working on the internatiomal drug control treaties.
 The Board has had predecessors since the time of under the League of Nations, starting in 1909 in Shanghai with the International Opium Commission, the first international drug control conference.
 The International Opium Convention of 1925 established the Permanent Central Board (first known as the Permanent Central Opium Board and then as the Permanent Central Narcotics Board).
 That Board started its work in 1929.
 After the dissolution of the League, the 1946 Protocol Amending the Agreements, Conventions and Protocols on Narcotic Drugs concluded at The Hague on 23 January 1912, at Geneva on 11 February 1925 and 19 February 1925, and 13 July 1931, at Bangkok on 27 November 1931 and at Geneva on 26 June 1936, created a Supervisory Body to administer the estimate system.
 The functions of both bodies were merged into the Board by the 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs.
 The composition of the Board under the Single Convention was strongly influenced by the 1946 treaty.
Nancy M. Barry is the founder and president of Enterprise Solutions to Poverty.
 Launched in September 2006, the organization works with corporations, entrepreneurs, and business schools to build business models that engage low-income producers as suppliers, distributors and consumers of products that build income and assets.
 She was President of Women's World Banking from 1990 to 2006, expanding the organization's network to reach nearly 20 million low income entrepreneurs and shaping microfinance worldwide.
 From 1975 to 1990, Ms. Barry worked at the World Bank, pioneering small enterprise programs and leading work on industry, trade and finance.
 Ms. Barry has a B.A. in economics from Stanford University, an MBA from Harvard Business School, from where she received the Distinguished alumni award.
 She is the recipient of various awards and honors such as the "Forbes" Magazine's 100 Most Powerful Women in the World in 2004 and 2005,U.S. News and World Report 20 America's Best Leaders in 2006 and the Kellogg-McKinsey Award for Distinguished Leadership. "
Alembic was a poetry magazine established by Peter Barry, Ken Edwards, and Robert Gavin Hampson, which appeared eight times during the 1970s.
 The first issue appeared in 1973: it was a collection of poems by Barry, Edwards, Hampson and Jim Stewart with graphic work by John Simpson, Robert Snell and Sibani Raychaudhuri.
 The work was printed on different colours and sizes of paper - and contained in a plastic bag.
 It was sold at the Edinburgh Festival of 1973, where Hampson was working with the Liverpool-based multimedia group Zoom Cortex.
 (See Adrian Henri, "Events and Happenings", Thames and Hudson, for Zoom Cortex.)
The second issue maintained the same format (a collection of loose pages in a plastic bag) but with an increased number of poets.
 Richard Kostelanetz's assemblages have been described by the editors as their model for this mode of publication.
 With the third issue, the magazine adopted the standard little-magazine format of the time: A4 pages, card cover, stapled.
 Alembic 3, 4 and 5 also marked a more self-conscious engagement with contemporary London-based experimental poetry.
 "Alembic" 3 (Spring 1975) announced the intention to engage with "one area of contemporary creative practice' in each issue in order to represent the range of poetry being written in the UK.
 This issue focused on contemporary work that had its roots in surrealism.
 It included Lee Harwood's essay 'Surrealist Poetry Today', which had been a talk given at the Poetry Society, and it included work by Harwood, Paul Matthews, Jeff Nuttall, Heathcote Williams and others.
 "Alembic" 4 was edited solely by Hampson and was dedicated to open field poetry and the idea of place.
 Allen Fisher was the featured poet: in addition to work by him, there was also an interview with him conducted by Barry and Edwards.
 This issue also included work by Roy Fisher, Eric Mottram, and a small number of American poets, including Alan Davies, who was to be associated with LANGUAGE poetry.
 "Alembic" 5 (Autumn 1976)was edited solely by Edwards and focused on experimental prose, including work by Paul Buck, Opal Nations, Jeff Nuttall, Maxim Jakubowski, David Miller, the Canadian writer Greg Hollingshead and James Sherry, who was also associated with LANGUAGE poetry.
 This issue was also the first to be offset.
 (Like "Alembic" 4.
 it had a wrap around cover rather than card.)
 "Alembic" 6 (Summer 1977)was again solely edited by Hampson.
 It included further work by contributors to earlier issues.
 The featured poet was the Australian poet David Miller: as well as poems and essays by Miller, there was also poetry by Robert Lax and a reprint of work by Charles Madge, on both of whom Miller had written.
 In addition, there was also work by Rosmarie Waldrop, Tom Leonard, Elaine Randell and Barry MacSweeney.
 "Alembic" 7 (Spring 1978), edited by Edwards and Hampson out of Lower Green Farm, was the 'Assemblage Issue', assembled by inviting a range of poets and visual artists to provide the contents.
 It included work by Jeremy Adler, Paul Buck, Herbert Burke, Paula Claire, cris cheek, Bob Cobbing, Glenda George, Robert Sheppard, E. E. Vonna-Michel, Lawrence Upton and others.
 A particular feature of this issue was that every cover was different: they were hand-printed by Vonna-Michel with a rubber-stamp used for the title.
 "Alembic" 9 (to be edited by Hampson) was promised, but never appeared: Edwards had begun to publish "Reality Studios" as a slimmer, faster and more frequent publication.
 This eventually metamorphosed (through an amalgamation with Wendy Mulford's Street Editions) into Reality Street, which has been a major publisher of experimental poetry and prose since the 1980s.
