"Northcote (So Hungover)" is a song by Australian musical comedian The Bedroom Philosopher released in February 2010 and is taken from the ARIA-nominated album "Songs from the 86 Tram".
 It was a notable radio hit on national broadcaster Triple J and its film clip, directed by Craig Melville and produced by David Curry, received over 500,000 views on YouTube.
John Safran vs God is an eight-part television documentary series by John Safran which was broadcast on SBS TV of Australia in 2004.
 It has been described in a media release as "John Safran's most audacious project yet".
 It had a much more serious tone than Safran's previous work "Music Jamboree".
 The show was released by Ghost of Your Ex-Boyfriend Productions and SBS Independent, was co-written with Mark O'Toole, directed by Craig Melville, and produced by Richard Lowenstein, Selin Yaman and Ghost Pictures.
 The production team was known as Ghost of Your Ex-Boyfriend Productions, an amalgamation of John Safran's Ex-Boyfriend Productions, and Richard Lowenstein's Ghost Productions.
 The series won the 2005 Australian Film Institute Award for Best Comedy Series.
Hell and High Water is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Grover Jones and William Slavens McNutt and written by Grover Jones, Agnes Brand Leahy, William Slavens McNutt and Max Miller.
 The film stars Richard Arlen, Judith Allen, Charley Grapewin, Gertrude Hoffman, Guy Standing, and William Frawley.
 The film was released on October 27, 1933, by Paramount Pictures.
Maximum Choppage is an Australian television comedy series starring Lawrence Leung.
 The six-part series premiered in 2015 on ABC2.
 It is directed by Craig Melville and written by Leung, Duncan Sarkies and Josh Mapleston.
 It is produced by Julie Eckersley, Sophie Miller and Linda Micsko with executive producers Tony Ayres and Debbie Lee.
 The series is based on the film work of Timothy Ly which was developed into the TV series by Matchbox Pictures.
Shadow of the Law was a 1926 American silent crime drama starring Clara Bow as a woman sent to prison for a crime she didn't commit.
 Directed by Wallace Worsley, the screenplay was written by Leah Baird and Grover Jones and was based on the novel "Two Gates", by Harry Chapman Ford.
 "Shadow of the Law" is now regarded as lost.
Burning Up is a 1930 American Pre-Code action film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and written by Grover Jones and William Slavens McNutt.
 The film stars Richard Arlen as a racing driver and Mary Brian as his love interest, the daughter of a fellow driver.
 An early talkie, the film also features motorcycle stunts, and also stars Francis McDonald, Sam Hardy, Charles Sellon, and Tully Marshall.
 The film was released on February 1, 1930, by Paramount Pictures.
The “Jones Diamond,” also known as the “Punch Jones Diamond,” "The Grover Jones Diamond," or "The Horseshoe Diamond," was a 34.48 carat (6.896 g) alluvial diamond found in Peterstown, West Virginia by members of the Jones family.
 It remains the largest alluvial diamond ever discovered in North America.
John Safran's Music Jamboree (or just Music Jamboree) was a light-hearted Australian music documentary television series, hosted by John Safran for SBS television.
 The program was produced by Richard Lowenstein, Selin Yaman and Ghost Pictures and directed by Craig Melville, Richard Lowenstein and a number of other directors under the production company Ghost of Your Ex-Boyfriend Productions in association with SBS Independent.
 It screened in 2002, and consisted of sketches and outlandish public stunts, typical of Safran's work.
 The series won two Australian Film Institute Awards; "Best Comedy Series" and "Most Innovative Program Concept".
 SBS followed the series up with the similarly styled "John Safran vs. God" in 2004.
Grover Jones (November 15, 1893 – September 24, 1940) was an American screenwriter - often teamed with William Slavens McNutt - and film director.
 He wrote more than 104 films between 1920 and his death.
 He also was a film journal publisher and prolific short story writer.
 Jones was born in Rosedale, Indiana, grew up in West Terre Haute, Indiana, and died in Hollywood, California.
Dentally Disturbed is an Australian short film written by Cameron Mitchell and directed by Craig Melville and Cameron Mitchell.
 It first aired on SBS in Australia on 24 December 2004.
