"Set 'Em Up Joe" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Vern Gosdin.
 It was released in April 1988 as the second single from the album "Chiseled in Stone".
 "Set 'Em Up Joe" was a tribute song to Ernest Tubb and was Vern Gosdin's second number one on the country chart.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of fifteen weeks within the Top 40.
 In 2010, this song was covered by Jamey Johnson on his album "The Guitar Song".
 Gosdin wrote the song with Dean Dillon, Buddy Cannon and Hank Cochran.
"Triumphant (Get 'Em)" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey.
 It was written and produced by Carey, Jermaine Dupri and Bryan-Michael Cox, with additional writing credits and features by American rappers Rick Ross and Meek Mill.
 Released on August 3, 2012, Carey revealed that she wrote the song during difficult and personal experiences in her life, and that writing the song helped alleviate the pain.
 She later stated that "Triumphant (Get 'Em)" was written when her husband Nick Cannon was in the hospital with acute kidney failure in early 2012, and was also inspired by the death of her past collaborator and friend, Whitney Houston.
"Loved 'Em Every One" is a song written by Phil Sampson, and recorded by American country music artist T.G. Sheppard.
 It was released in March 1981 as the first single from the album "I Love 'Em All".
 "I Loved 'Em Every One" was T.G. Sheppard's seventh number one on the country chart.
 The single stayed at number one for one week and spent ten weeks on the country chart.
 "I Loved' Em Every One" was also Shepperd's only Top 40 single on Billboard's Hot 100, reaching #37.
Backstreet Boys: Show 'Em What You're Made Of is a 2015 American documentary film about the career of the American vocal group Backstreet Boys, released on January 30, 2015 in the U.S., and was released on February 26, 2015 in the UK and Europe, and March 28, 2015 for the rest of the world.
 It was directed by Stephen Kijak.
"They Don't Make 'em Like My Daddy" is a single by American country music artist Loretta Lynn.
 Released in April 1974, it was the first single from her album "They Don't Make 'em Like My Daddy".
 The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
"Heard 'Em Say" is a song by American hip-hop artist Kanye West.
 It was released on November 8, 2005 as the third single for his second studio album, "Late Registration".
 The song features Maroon 5 lead singer Adam Levine, who sings the chorus and bridge.
 West co-produced the track with Jon Brion, and it contains excerpts from "Someone That I Used to Love" as performed by Natalie Cole.
 The song was met by acclaim from contemporary music critics and is often seen as one of West's best.
 The refrain of "Heard 'Em Say" was later recycled for the Maroon 5 song "Nothing Lasts Forever" which appears on their 2007 album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".
"Don't Tell 'Em" is a song by American singer Jeremih from his third studio album, "Late Nights".
 It features American rapper YG, and was released as the first single from the album.
 The song peaked at number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Outside the United States, "Don't Tell 'Em" peaked within the top ten of the charts in the United Kingdom, as well as the top twenty of the charts in Australia and Belgium.
"Show 'Em (What You're Made Of)" is a song by American pop group Backstreet Boys from their eighth studio album "In a World Like This".
 It was released as the second single from the album on November 18, 2013.
 The song was written by Morgan Taylor Reid, Mika Guillory, and Backstreet Boys members AJ McLean and Kevin Richardson.
"Loving You Could Never Be Better" is a song written by Earl Montgomery, and recorded by American country music artist George Jones.
 It was released in April 1972 as the second single from his album "George Jones (We Can Make It)".
 The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
 The song was a good example of how producer Billy Sherrill had updated the sound of Jones' records, incorporating a laid back, R&B bass line.
 By drawing from such unlikely and disparate musical influences as Johann Strauss and "wall of sound" rock producer Phil Spector, he gradually began embroidering his own subtle permutations on the rather predictable fabric of country record production.
 "I just decided I'd do it my way, and screw 'em if they didn't like it," Jones biographer Bob Allen quotes Sherrill.
 "Back then, the musicians had their own repertoire of stock Nashville licks and chord progressions that would work on any song.
 But I often wanted something different, and I'd make 'em play it."
The "Pokémon Theme" (also known as "Gotta Catch 'Em All") is a song written by John Siegler and John Loeffler and performed by Jason Paige.
 It was the theme song for the first season of the English adaptation of the "Pokémon" anime.
 Since its release, the song has been virtually synonymous with the "Pokémon" franchise because the line "Gotta Catch 'Em All" has become its official slogan.
