On the 25 October elections numerous provinces also elected governors, with the new ones beginning their terms on 10 December 2015.
 These provinces were Buenos Aires province, Catamarca, Chubut, Entre Ríos, Formosa, Jujuy, La Pampa, Misiones, San Juan, San Luis and Santa Cruz, encompassing 11 of the country's 23 provinces.
 The other provinces elected governors in different days of 2015; the only exceptions were Corrientes and Santiago del Estero whose governors' terms were not due to finish in 2015.
The Uruguay River (Spanish: Río Uruguay , ] ; Portuguese: Rio Uruguai , ] ) is a river in South America.
 It flows from north to south and forms parts of the boundaries of Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay, separating some of the Argentine provinces of La Mesopotamia from the other two countries.
 It passes between the states of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil; forms the eastern border of the provinces of Misiones, Corrientes, and Entre Ríos in Argentina; and makes up the western borders of the departments of Artigas, Salto, Paysandú, Río Negro, Soriano, and Colonia in Uruguay.
Federico Lacroze (4 November 1835 – 16 February 1899) was an Argentine businessman and railway entrepreneur of French descent.
 He created the first tram line in Buenos Aires and his Buenos Aires Central Railway helped link the provinces of Entre Ríos, Corrientes and Misiones by rail to Argentina's capital.
 Lacroze is buried in La Recoleta Cemetery, Buenos Aires.
The Quadrilateral Treaty was a pact between the Argentine provinces of Buenos Aires, Santa Fe, Entre Ríos and Corrientes, signed on 25 January 1822.
 The treaty was intended to be an offensive-defensive pact between the signatories, in front of an attack by Luso-Brazilian invasion from the Banda Oriental (present-day Uruguay), which was seen as very probable.
 It also wanted to establish peace after the defeat of the "caudillo" from Entre Ríos, Francisco Ramírez, who in 1821 had invaded Santa Fe and Córdoba Provinces, without success.
La Mesopotamia or Región Mesopotámica is the humid and verdant area of north-east Argentina, comprising the provinces of Misiones, Entre Ríos and Corrientes.
 The landscape and its characteristics are dominated by two rivers, the Paraná and the Uruguay.
The Predelta National Park (Spanish: "Parque Nacional Predelta" ) is a national park of Argentina, located in south-west of the province of Entre Ríos, 6 km south from Diamante, in the Argentine Mesopotamia, at the beginning of the Paraná River Delta.
 The park was created on 13 January 1992 under the Law Nº 24.063, with an area 24.58 square kilometres to protect a sample of the Upper Delta of the Paraná, which belongs to the Paraná Delta and Islands Ecoregion.
 The Predelta is the area where the sediments of the Paraná start forming islands, while the river itself splits into several major arms and many smaller watercourses.
The Province of Santa Fe (Spanish: "Provincia de Santa Fe" , ] ) is a province of Argentina, located in the center-east of the country.
 Neighboring provinces are from the north clockwise Chaco (divided by the 28th parallel south), Corrientes, Entre Ríos, Buenos Aires, Córdoba, and Santiago del Estero.
 Together with Córdoba and Entre Ríos, the province is part of the economico-political association known as the Center Region.
National Route 12 (RN12) is a road in Argentina, connecting the northeast section to the rest of the country.
 It runs through the provinces of Misiones, Corrientes, Entre Ríos and Buenos Aires.
The Battle of Caaguazú took place in Mercedes Department, in Corrientes Province, Argentina on 28 November 1841, during the Argentine Civil War, between the forces of Entre Ríos Province, commanded by brigadier Pascual Echagüe and Corrientes Province, under brigadier José María Paz, with a sound defeat of the Federal Party forces of Entre Ríos.
The Republic of Entre Ríos was a short-lived republic in South America in the early nineteenth century.
 Comprising approximately 166,980 km2 of what are today the Argentine provinces of Entre Ríos and Corrientes, the country was founded in 1820 by the caudillo General Francisco Ramírez (who styled himself "jefe supremo", supreme chief) and lasted only one year.
 On September 28th, 1821, Lucio Norberto Mansilla was elected Governor of the Province of Entre Rios, and the Republic was subsequently dissolved.
