Edith Walks is a 2017 documentary film directed by Andrew Kötting which imagines a journey by Edith the Fair, wife of English king Harold Godwinson, from Waltham Abbey where he is buried to near the site of the Battle of Hastings and the invasion of England by William the Conqueror in 1066.
 It includes contributions from the writers Alan Moore and Iain Sinclair, the torch singer Claudia Barton, and the musician Jem Finer.
Longplayer is a self-extending composition by Jem Finer which is designed to continue for one thousand years.
 It started to play on 1 January 2000, and if all goes as planned, it will continue without repetition until 31 December 2999.
 It will restart on that date.
Jeremy Max "Jem" Finer (born 25 July 1955) is an English musician, artist and composer.
 He was one of the founding members of The Pogues.
"Sally MacLennane" was the second single by The Pogues to make the UK Top 100, reaching number 54.
 The song was composed by Shane MacGowan and featured on the band's second album, "Rum, Sodomy And The Lash".
 It is one of the best known Pogues songs and has been included in all set lists by the reformed Pogues.
"Fairytale of New York" is a song written by Jem Finer and Shane MacGowan and first released as a single on 23 November 1987 by their band The Pogues, featuring singer-songwriter Kirsty MacColl on vocals.
 The song was written as a duet, with the Pogues' singer MacGowan taking the role of the male character and MacColl the female character.
 It is an Irish folk-style ballad, and featured on The Pogues' 1988 album "If I Should Fall from Grace with God".
"Once Upon a Time" is a song by The Pogues released as a single in 1993 from their sixth album, "Waiting for Herb".
 The song was the band's last ever single to chart in the UK, making number 66, before the band broke up in 1996 following the release of their seventh and final album, "Pogue Mahone".
 The song was composed by Banjo player Jem Finer.
"Sunny Side of the Street" is a track from The Pogues' fifth album, Hell's Ditch, released in 1990.
 The song, composed by Shane MacGowan and Jem Finer, is an up-tempo celebration of an unrepentant libertine - a common theme for frontman and lyricist MacGowan.
Jem, also known as Jem and the Holograms, is an American animated television series that ran from 1985 to 1988 in U.S. first-run syndication.
 The series is about music company owner Jerrica Benton, her singer alter-ego Jem, her band the Holograms, and their adventures.
"Misty Morning, Albert Bridge" is a 1989 single by the British-Irish folk rock band The Pogues.
 It was composed by banjo player Jem Finer and featured on the band's fourth album, "Peace and Love".
 It was the Pogues' last single to chart in the UK Top 50 before frontman Shane MacGowan left the group in 1991, stalling just outside the top 40 at number 41.
 It was the only single from the album to chart.
 The song is about the famous Albert Bridge, London.
The Peninsula Arts Contemporary Music Festival is held in Plymouth, Devon, England.
 It has a program of leading-edge orchestral, operatic, jazz, and electroacoustic performances, along with film, and music theatre.
 Composers and performers who have been part of the festival include Michael Stimpson, Evelyn Glennie, Sally Beamish, liminal, Jem Finer, the Maggini string quartet, Dominic Murcott, Eduardo Reck Miranda, John Matthias, Plaid, Alexis Kirke and Jonty Harrison.
