Omidyar Network is a self-styled "philanthropic investment firm," composed of a foundation and an impact investment firm.
 Established in 2004 by eBay founder Pierre Omidyar and his wife Pam, Omidyar Network reports it has committed more than $992 million to nonprofit organizations and for-profit companies across multiple investment areas, including Consumer Internet & Mobile, Education, Financial Inclusion, Governance & Citizen Engagement, and Property Rights.
Walbro Corporation is an American manufacturing company that specializes in small engine carburetion and supplier of auto parts.
 Otherwise, Walbro carburetors are commonly used on line-trimmers, leaf blowers, chain-saws, and edgers.
 Walbro was founded by Walter E. Walpole in November 1950.
 A product typically found in the automotive world of fuel injection, being used by tuners, are the Walbro Fuel Pumps, with the most common being the Walbro 255.
 TI Automotive purchased Walbro's automotive fuel pump division in approx yr2000, and is the actual manufacturer of all Walbro branded automotive fuel pumps and fuel delivery modules.
A multilateral trading facility (MTF) is a European regulatory term for a self-regulated financial trading venue.
 These are alternatives to the traditional stock exchanges where a market is made in securities, typically using electronic systems.
 The operation of a MTF is considered an investment service.
 The concept was introduced within the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID), a European Directive designed to harmonise retail investors protection and allow investment firms to provide services throughout the EU.
 Article 4 (15) of MiFID describes MTF as multilateral system, operated by an investment firm or a market operator, which brings together multiple third-party buying and selling interests in financial instruments – in the system and in accordance with non-discretionary rules – in a way that results in a contract.
 The term 'non-discretionary rules' means that the investment firm operating an MTF has no discretion as to how interests may interact.
 Interests are brought together by forming a contract and the execution takes place under the system's rules or by means of the system's protocols or internal operating procedures.
A tobashi scheme is a financial fraud where a client's losses are hidden by an investment firm by shifting them between the portfolios of other (genuine or fake) clients.
 Any real client with portfolio losses can therefore have their accounts flattered by this process.
 This cycling cannot continue indefinitely and so the investment firm itself ends up picking up the cost.
 As it is ultimately expensive there must be a strong incentive for the investment firm to pursue this activity on behalf of their clients.
Viper Exchange Racing is an American auto racing team.
 The team, in partnership with Riley Motorsport and TI Automotive, runs two cars in the IMSA Tudor United SportsCar Championship, both Dodge Vipers racing in the GTD class .
 The No. 33 Viper has scored two victories since the beginning of the 2014 season along with two further top-five finishes.
 The No. 93 Viper, added in 2015, has added two victories and another top-five finish during the current season.
 In 2015, Viper Exchange Racing was granted an entry in the 24 Hours of Le Mans, and the No. 53 SRT Viper GTS-R was the only Viper to run in the event.
TI Automotive develops, manufactures and supplies automotive fluid storage, carrying and delivery systems.
 The company has 23,000 employees at 120 locations in 29 countries, and supplies all of the world's major automobile manufacturers.
 TI Automotive serves the automotive aftermarket through Bundy, Walbro and Marwal brands.
 The company's headquarters are located in Oxford, UK, with Corporate Offices based in Auburn Hills, Michigan.
 In 2015 TI Automotive was acquired by Bain Capital.
Surface Combustion, Inc. is a North American manufacturer of industrial furnaces and heat treating equipment headquartered in Maumee, Ohio, in the United States.
 The company was founded in 1915 and purchased by the Midland-Ross Corporation (a steel manufacturer) in 1959.
 Midland-Ross was acquired by the private equity investment firm of Forstmann Little & Company in 1986, which spun off Surface Combustion to the Bernard family in 1987.
 The company has been called "the IBM of the automotive industry" due to its prominence in providing equipment used to heat-treat automobiles parts.
The "Ship in a Bottle" fuel tank is a manufacturing design developed by TI Automotive in Rastatt, Germany wherein all fuel delivery components including the pump, control electronics and most hosing are encased within a blow-molded plastic fuel tank, and named after the traditional ship-in-a-bottle mechanical puzzle.
 The technique was developed to reduce fuel vapor emissions in response to Partial Zero-Emission Vehicle (PZEV) requirements.
 The first application was for the 2005 Ford GT.
Izurium Capital is a UK-based investment firm focused on private equity and special situations investment strategies.
 Izurium Capital was founded in December 2009 and is headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
 Since the inception, the firm has raised over €300 million in committed capital.
 The firm seeks to invest in a variety of businesses with operations in Europe, the Americas, and Asia.
 The firm prefers businesses with a sizeable international presence outside their home market.
 The firm prefers to invest in companies with enterprise values ranging from €50 million to €500 million.
 The firm specializes in control investments, co-investments, leveraged buyouts, growth equity investments and sponsored mergers and acquisitions.
 The firm also provides mezzanine capital as part of its special situations strategy.
Peter M. Halloran is the founder and CEO of Pharos Financial Group, an investment firm active in global markets since 1997.
 The firm was established with initial investment capital from Credit Suisse and Soros Fund Management.
 In 2014, Pharos added a Dallas-based investment arm, Titanium Exploration Partners LLC, to invest into U.S. Oil & Gas opportunities.
 Altogether, Halloran has brought over $10 billion to the markets in which he invests.
 He was awarded Hedge Fund Manager of the Year in 2010 by Hedge Fund World, and his Pharos Gas Investment Fund and Pharos Russia Fund have been both ranked among top-15 global performers by Bloomberg.
 He has never gated an investment, suspended an NAV or re-set a high water mark.
 In 2011, Halloran established the physical oil trading firm, Pharos Energy Ltd., which was then sold in 2014.
 In 2000, Halloran acquired a stake in Aton Capital Group and subsequently transformed it into a top emerging markets investment bank that was later sold to UniCredit Bank for $424 million.
