"Eight Misbehavin' " is the seventh episode of the eleventh season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 21, 1999.
 In the episode, after Manjula gives birth to octuplets that were the result of fertility drugs, she and Apu unintentionally allow a zookeeper to exploit their babies in exchange for help after corporate sponsors abandon them for a mom that has given birth to nonuplets.
 The episode features several guest appearances and cultural references.
 Reception of the episode from television critics has been mixed.
"The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase" is the twenty-fourth episode of the eighth season of "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 11, 1997.
 The episode centers on fictional pilot episodes of non-existent television series derived from "The Simpsons", and is a parody of the tendency of networks to spin off characters from a hit series.
 As such it includes references to many different TV series.
 The first fictional spin-off is "Chief Wiggum P.I.", a cop-drama featuring Chief Wiggum and Seymour Skinner.
 The second is "The Love-matic Grampa", a sitcom featuring Moe Szyslak who receives dating advice from Abraham Simpson, whose ghost is possessing a love testing machine.
 The final segment is "The Simpson Family Smile-Time Variety Hour", a variety show featuring the Simpson family except for Lisa, who has been replaced.
Love & Other Drugs is a 2010 American erotic romantic drama comedy film directed and co-written by Edward Zwick and based on the non-fiction book "Hard Sell: The Evolution of a Viagra Salesman" by Jamie Reidy.
 The film stars Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway, who originally starred together in "Brokeback Mountain".
 Oliver Platt, Hank Azaria, Josh Gad and Gabriel Macht also star.
 The film was released in the United States on November 25, 2010, received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $102 million.
I'm On Drugs is a limited edition CD (not vinyl as previously reported) which was given out to those who attended the premier of Ash's documentary "Love & Destruction" in February 2003.
 It contains the title track, "I'm On Drugs" and the death metal version of "Candy" by Ten Masked Men, who won the XFM covers competition.
"You Kent Always Say What You Want", formerly known as "Kent State Massacre", is the twenty-second episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 20, 2007 as part of the one-hour season finale, alongside the episode "24 Minutes"; a repeat took place on August 19, 2007.
 It was the milestone 400th episode of "The Simpsons" and was written by Tim Long.
 The episode guest starred Ludacris as himself and Maurice LaMarche as the Fox announcer.
 It was the last episode to air prior to "The Simpsons Movie" releasing into theaters on July 27, 2007.
America's Sweetheart is the debut studio album by American alternative rock musician Courtney Love, released worldwide on February 10, 2004 by Virgin Records.
 Her first official release after her former band Hole's break-up, the album's sound diverged significantly in musical and lyrical content to Hole's three previous studio albums: "Pretty on the Inside" (1991), "Live Through This" (1994) and "Celebrity Skin" (1998).
 The recording process of the album began in summer 2001 in Los Angeles, California, however, was affected drastically by a number of personal and legal issues by Love; including her drug problems, the disbandment of Hole, the controversy surrounding Nirvana's upcoming box set, and legal problems with various record labels.
 In spring 2003, Love traveled to southern France to re-record the album, however, according to Love, she "just wanted to be in a château for six months and do drugs."
 The album had three main producers, one of whom, James Barber, was Love's partner at the time.
"Clown in the Dumps" is the season premiere of the twenty-sixth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons", and the 553rd episode of the series overall.
 It first aired in the United States on the Fox network on September 28, 2014, with "The Simpsons Guy", a crossover episode of "Family Guy" with "The Simpsons", airing afterwards.
 This episode was dedicated in memory of Louis Castellaneta, the father of "The Simpsons" voice actor Dan Castellaneta.
 It was written by Joel H. Cohen and directed by Steven Dean Moore, with Don Hertzfeldt directing a sequence in the opening titles.
 Jeff Ross, Sarah Silverman and David Hyde Pierce guest starred as themselves, with Jackie Mason and Kelsey Grammer reprising their respective roles as Rabbi Krustofski and Sideshow Bob, while Maurice LaMarche voiced several minor characters.
"Chief of Hearts" is the eighteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> twenty-first season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 18, 2010.
 In this episode, Homer and Chief Wiggum become friends after Homer shares a sandwich with Wiggum during his community service sentence.
 Meanwhile, Bart becomes addicted to a Japanese kids' game called Battle Ball, but Marge and Principal Skinner believe that Bart is dealing drugs.
 It is also the first episode in which Lisa Simpson does not deliver any dialogue.
The Simpsons and Their Mathematical Secrets is a 2013 book by Simon Singh, which is based on the premise that "many of the writers of "The Simpsons" are deeply in love with numbers, and their ultimate desire is to drip-feed morsels of mathematics into the subconscious minds of viewers".
 The book compiles all the mathematical references used throughout the show's run and analyzes them in detail.
 Rather than just explaining the mathematical concepts in the context of how they relate to the relevant episodes of "The Simpsons", Singh "uses them as a starting point for lively discussions of mathematical topics, anecdotes and history".
"22 Short Films About Springfield" is the twenty-first episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 14, 1996.
 It was written by Richard Appel, David S. Cohen, Jonathan Collier, Jennifer Crittenden, Greg Daniels, Brent Forrester, Dan Greaney, Rachel Pulido, Steve Tompkins, Josh Weinstein, Bill Oakley, and Matt Groening, with the writing being supervised by Daniels.
 The episode was directed by Jim Reardon.
 Phil Hartman guest starred as Lionel Hutz and the hospital board chairman.
 The episode looks into the lives of other Springfield residents in a series of linked stories and originated from the end segment of the season four episode "The Front".
 The episode is a loose parody of "Pulp Fiction", which gave the staff the idea of a possible spin-off from "The Simpsons".
 The title is a reference to the film "Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould".
 The episode received positive reviews from critics.
