Bayada Home Health Care (stylized BAYADA) is an international, privately held home health care company.
 The organization has previously been known as RN Homecare and Bayada Nurses.
 While the headquarters is in Moorestown Township, New Jersey, the company employs over 18,000 nursing support staff in 250 offices throughout the United States and India.
 The organization provides in-home nursing services, which encompass physical, occupational and speech therapy.
 Additional services include medical social work, home health aides and hospice support.
 Since 2004, the organization has co-sponsored the "Bayada Award for Technological Innovation in Nursing Education and Practice", which recognizes individuals in the nursing field who work to introduce advancements in technology in support of nursing education and the nursing industry overall.
Jared Gutstadt (born September 19, 1977 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada), is a Canadian-born entrepreneur, musician, inventor, and holder of multiple patents best known for founding the creative music agency Jingle Punks.
 Gutstadt also produces music under the moniker "Jingle Jared."
 Gutstadt holds a masters from New York University's Interactive Telecommunications Program.
 Jingle Punks has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, Billboard, Rolling Stone, Wired, Variety and was named "one of America's most promising start ups" by Bloomberg Businessweek.
 In 2013, Jingle Punks sold majority interest to William Morris Endeavor (WME, now WME/IMG) which transformed Jingle Punks into the largest full service media company in the media space.
 A second and final sale to Ole!
 was reported in Yahoo finance in March 2015 - "Ole has acquired Jingle Punks in a transaction that creates one of the world's largest production music libraries and that underpins Jingle Punks' juggernaut brand with global reach via ole's distribution network and world-class infrastructure"
"Jared Has Aides" is the first episode of the sixth season of the adult American animated television series "South Park".
 It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on March 6, 2002.
 The episode was rated TV-MA in the United States, except on syndicated broadcasts, where it is rated TV-14 instead.
 In the episode, weight loss advocate Jared Fogle incurs the wrath of South Park after he announces that he lost weight because he has aides (misinterpreted as AIDS).
 This leads the boys to try to use Butters as their own advocate for City Wok.
 The episode also parodies the film "Philadelphia".
Jared Scott Fogle (born August 23, 1977), also known as "the Subway Guy", is a former American spokesperson for Subway restaurants.
 After his significant weight loss attributed to eating Subway sandwiches, Fogle was made a spokesperson for the company's advertising campaigns from 2000 to 2015.
Stephen Lincoln is a chemistry and physics professor at the University of Adelaide's Environment Institute.
 His work in molecular science has resulted in over 300 publications in scientific journals and he is the author of "Challenged Earth: An Overview of Humanity’s Stewardship of Earth" (2006), a book in which he discusses population, water, food, biotechnology, health, energy, climate change and the ozone layer.
 He has a long-term interest in nuclear power and is a board member and spokesperson for South Australian Nuclear Energy Systems, a private Australian company established in 2014 to explore the feasibility of nuclear industrial development projects in South Australia.
 Lincoln has been a media spokesperson on nuclear issues in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster and in the lead up to South Australia's Nuclear Fuel Cycle Royal Commission in 2015.
 His work has been awarded by the Royal Australian Chemical Institute and UNESCO.
Signet Jewelers Ltd. (Ratner Group 1949-1993 then Signet Group plc to September 2008) is the world's largest retailer of diamond jewelry.
 The company is domiciled in Bermuda and headquartered in Akron, Ohio, and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
 As of 14th march 2016 the company has been delisted from the London Stock Exchange, following reports that less than 1% of their annual trading volume was conducted via the platform.
 The group operates in the middle market jewelry segment and has number one positions in the U.S., Canada and UK speciality jewelry markets.
 Certain brands (Jared in the U.S. and H. Samuel/Ernest Jones/Leslie Davis in the UK) operate in the upper middle market.
 Signet Jewelers owns and operates the companies Zales, Kay Jewelers, and Jared.
The McMillan Woods CCC camp was Civilian Conservation Corps camp NP-2 on the Gettysburg Battlefield planned in September 1933  near CCC Camp Renaissance in Pitzer Woods (camp NP-1).
 Captain Francis J. Moran moved from Camp Renaissance to become the new camp NP-2 commander in October 1933 (supervisors under Superintendent Farrell included Charles Heilman in 1936, and Major Renn Lawrence was the 1937 CCC sub-district commander.)
 The camp opened a new recreation hall in 1934  and provided manpower for building the veterans camp for the 1938 Gettysburg reunion, and about 50 enrollees of CCC Company #1355-C served as aides for unaccompanied veterans.
 During the reunion, Company F of the 34th Infantry used the CCC camp and had a headquarters office under Major C. Gilchrist (executive officer of the "regular army camp") and Capt. E. E. Wright.
 Captain Frederick L. Slade was the CCC commander on April 1, 1939.

Excellerator is a specialty micronutrient fertilizer produced by the U.S.-based company Harsco Minerals.
 It is a granular pelletized product used on golf courses, athletic fields and in the lawn and garden market.
 Excellerator aides in the correction of plant and soil nutrient imbalances and metal toxicities.
 It provides high concentrations of plant-available silicon which has been shown in university and field trials to enhance plant resistance to biological and environmental stresses and improve plant nutrient uptake.
Bennington was one of the camping places for Indians that came through the Bear Lake valley each year on their hunting and fishing trips.
 They camped there until the 1930s, asking for food from the residents.
 An emigrant massacre happened at the mouth of four Mile Canyon.
 The emigrants head camp of the main road for better feed and plentiful water.
 A band of Shoshone led by "Paughatello" killed all the members of the company except for one 15-year-old boy, who hid in a wash and made his way back to another company.
 He went on to Oregon or California with the team.
 The battle spanned over 40 acres along the creek.
 Seven wagons, 20 people, 33 horses and 14 head of livestock were involved.
 Wagon parts, bones, cap and ball pistols, swords and other relics could be found decades later.
 The first town site of Bennington was located on block West on highway 30 at the Cemetery and Wright Roads, where the old Amos Wright log cabin still stands.
 The first settlers, Jared Bullock, and Jonathan Hoopes, came in the fall of 1864 and settled on the south side of Bennington Creek.
 Then Evan M. Greene, Hyrum Hoopes and Edmond Homer came.
 Six families spent the winter in 1864.
In 1865 and 1866 more people were called to settle .
 In 1866 the community was officially named after a town in Vermont where Brigham Young once lived.
 In 1873 the town had a meeting, and the present town site was chosen.
 A church, school, store/post office and new homes were eventually built.
 Evan Green was the first Presiding Elder serving from 1864 to 1865, followed by Dudley Merrell, who presided until 1870, then Alonzo became the first Bishop.
 Church was held in a vacant house until one could be built.
 The first living white baby born Feb. 18, 1866 was Winnifred Rebecca Wright daughter of Amos R. Wright.
 The first death was Admanza Greene who died of pneumonia at age 10.
 Jared Bullock's wife died of childbirth.
 She was buried at the end of the haystack and then moved to the present cemetery later.
 Deep snow, cold weather and primitive living conditions made living here hard.
 A traveling band and a dancing academy taught by John Dunn was organized to help people get through the long winter mounts.
 In 1934 there was a terrible drought.
 At that time each home and building at the new town site had their own well.
 They all dried up except the one at the school so people carried water from there.
 The WPA helped with a new water system and during 1934-35 the men of the community dug ditches and laid the pipe to their homes.
 They had a big celebration at its completion in August 1936.
 Today Bennington is a thriving town with many new homes and a big church.
Samuel Jared Taylor (born September 15, 1951) is an American white nationalist and white supremacist.
 He is the founder and editor of "American Renaissance", a white supremacist magazine.
 Taylor is also an author and the president of "American Renaissance"' s parent organization, New Century Foundation, through which many of his books have been published.
 He is a former member of the advisory board of "The Occidental Quarterly", and a former director of the National Policy Institute, a Virginia-based white nationalist think tank.
 He is also a board member and spokesperson of the Council of Conservative Citizens.
