The Pentagon Shopping Centre (known locally as 'The Pentagon') is a shopping centre in Chatham in Kent.
 The shopping centre is located next to the Waterfront bus station which replaces the Pentagon bus station, which 80% of services use.
 The shopping centre contains over 70 shops and 7 leisure facilities, many high street names in fashion, homeware and food stores.
 There are also cafes, restaurants and a bowling alley.
 As is common with some other 1970's era town centre shopping centres, The Pentagon does not feature a food court or any dedicated dining area.
 Instead, there are various food outlets scattered throughout the centre.
 Built as part of the redevelopment of Chatham town centre in the 1970s, the Pentagon also features the high rise Mountbatten House office block, which has controversially stood empty or part-used for most of its history.
 The Pentagon, Mountbatten House and the Brook multi-storey carpark are built in a distinctive orange-red brick with grey concrete.
The Crescent Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre in Limerick, Ireland.
 It is located in Dooradoyle, on the southern outskirts of the city.
 The complex in its original form was opened in 1973, making it one of the earlier shopping centres to open in Ireland (the earliest 'modern' shopping centre in Ireland was opened in 1966 at Stillorgan in Dublin).
 It has an estimated 100,000m2 of space, 2,500 free car parking places and with 94 shops (including stalls).
 The shopping centre takes its name from the adjacent Crescent College, whose original building was in The Crescent in the city centre.
Middleton Grange is a shopping centre in Hartlepool, England.
 It was built in 1969 and it was opened by Princess Anne on 27 May 1970.
 The site of the shopping centre was originally terraced streets they were demolished in the late 1960s.
Chirnside Park Shopping Centre is a suburban shopping centre, located in Chirnside Park, Melbourne, Australia and is owned by GPT Wholesale Shopping Centre Fund.
 It is situated approximately 32 kilometres east-north-east of the Melbourne CBD.
 The shopping centre opened in 1979 as a small convenience shopping centre which has grown over the years, opening businesses such as Kmart, Target, Woolworths, Coles and Reading Cinemas.
Middleton Grange is a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
 Middleton Grange is located 40 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of the City of Liverpool and is part of the Greater Western Sydney region.
The Marlands Shopping Centre was opened on 5 September 1991.
 At the time, the Marlands Shopping Mall was the largest shopping centre in Southampton and the first significant shopping centre in the city (East Street Shopping Centre being well out of the way of the main shopping district hence never being very successful and the Bargate Centre being much smaller), however it is now dwarfed by WestQuay, which opened in 2000.
Athlone Towncentre is a shopping centre located in Athlone, County Westmeath, Ireland.
 The shopping centre is the largest shopping centre in the Irish midlands with over 140,000 sq meters of retail space consisting of 60 high end retail shops.
 The Shopping centre is located in the heart of Athlone town enclosing a site on Dublin Gate Street and Gleeson Street.
 The Shopping Centre opened in 2007.
 The 4 star Sheraton Hotel adjoins the site and consists of 161 beds.
 Anchor tenants include Marks and Spencer, River Island, Tommy Hilfiger, Topshop, Next, H&M, Monsoon amongst many more.
Lavington Square Shopping Centre opened in 1979 in the Albury suburb of Lavington, New South Wales, Australia.
 Since opening the shopping centre has undergone several upgrades and name changes the most major upgrades to the centre were done after Centro bought the shopping centre in 1994.
 The shopping centre currently has 57 specialty retailers and 3 major retailers including Woolworths, BIG W and Aldi.
 The shopping centre also houses the lavington Australia Post branch for the post code of 2641.
 In 2013, the centre's revenue was $116 million.
Cairns Central Shopping Centre in north Queensland, Australia is Cairns' biggest shopping centre.
 The centre was opened in late 1997 and is the second multi-story shopping centre in northern Queensland.
 The shopping centre is built over the Cairns Railway Station, which is incorporated with the centre.
 Pedestrian access to the station is through the car park on the bottom floor, or a pedestrian walkway on the second floor.
 Construction of the shopping centre was delayed temporarily due to damage suffered from Tropical Cyclone Justin in early 1997.
Elmvale Acres Shopping Centre is an open-air mall located in the Elmvale Acres neighbourhood of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
 It opened in 1961, making it one of the oldest shopping centres in the city.
 The mall is just a short 10-minute drive south of St. Laurent Shopping Centre.
 The shopping centre is also just a 3-minute drive from the Canadian Museum of Science of Technology (closed until 2017).
 The Smythe Medical Centre is located just across from the north end of the mall.
 The mall is bounded by Smythe Road to the north, Othello Avenue to the west, Russell Road to the east, and St. Laurent Boulevard to the south.
 The shopping centre has approximately 60 shops and services including Dollar Plus, LCBO, Loblaws, Rexall Pharma Plus, Royal Bank, The Beer Store, and the Ottawa Public Library.
 The shopping centre is adjacent to the Elmvale Transit Station.
 The size of the total complex is 147,332 square feet.
 The shopping centre is currently owned by Rio-Can Real Estate Investment Trust.
