The Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs (or LBJ School of Public Affairs) is a graduate school at The University of Texas at Austin that was founded in 1970 to offer professional training in public policy analysis and administration for students interested in pursuing careers in government and public affairs-related areas of the private and nonprofit sectors.
 Degree programs include a Master of Public Affairs (MPAff), a mid-career MPAff sequence, 16 MPAff dual degree programs, a Master of Global Policy Studies (MGPS), eight MGPS dual degree programs, an Executive Master of Public Leadership, and a Ph.D. in public policy.
Evelyn May Simonowitz Lieberman (July 9, 1944 – December 12, 2015) was an American public affairs professional who, during the Clinton administration, became the first woman to serve as White House Deputy Chief of Staff, and was the first United States Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs.
 From 2002-2015, Lieberman worked for the Smithsonian Institution, most recently as Senior Advisor and Assistant to the Secretary for external relations.
Geoffrey S. Morrell (born November 1968) is an American public affairs official who served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, and was the Press Secretary for the US Department of Defense.
 He was hired to the latter position in June 2007 and departed in July 2011 to join BP in September.
The John Glenn College of Public Affairs is a public policy and management school at The Ohio State University.
 The Glenn College offers undergraduate, graduate and doctoral programs in public affairs.
 The Glenn College provides research, training and technical assistance to state, public and nonprofit organizations.
 The college is named after United States Senator and Astronaut John Glenn.
 On January 30, 2015, the Ohio State University Board of Trustees approved a change of status of the former John Glenn School of Public Affairs making the new John Glenn College of Public Affairs the 15th college at The Ohio State University.
A public affairs operations center is one of the four types of public affairs (military) units in the United States Army.
 In function and size, the closest equivalent is a battalion headquarters.
 Informally known as press camp headquarters, PAOC's are corps- or theater-level public affairs units tasked with providing press camp services and facilities to accredited members of the media in support of combined operations and joint operations.
 In addition to providing workspace and services, the PAOC provides command and control staff, planning and supervision of operations performed by subordinate public affairs units.
 The PAOC is also responsible for registering and escorting news media representatives, assisting in deploying media pools and coordinating logistical support for a media operations center.
The Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs is the head of the Bureau of Public Affairs within the United States Department of State.
 The Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs reports to the Secretary of State and the Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs.
Steven A. Cohen (born 1953 in Orange, New Jersey) is an American academic who has taught public management and environmental policy at Columbia University since 1981.
 He is currently the Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director of Columbia University's The Earth Institute and a Professor in the Practice of Public Affairs at Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs.
 He is also the Director of the Master of Public Administration in Environmental Science and Policy in the School of International and Public Affairs and the Director of the Master of Science in Sustainability Management in the School of Continuing Education.
 He served on the Environmental Protection Agency Administrator’s National Advisory Council for Environmental Policy and Technology (2002–2004), and currently serves on the Board of Homes for the Homeless and the Board of Directors of Willdan Energy Solutions.
The Master of Public Affairs (M.P.A.), one of several public affairs degrees, historically has been a master level professional degree offered in public policy schools that provides training in public policy and the operation of government.
 Courses required for this degree educate students in public and non-profit management, policy analysis, and applied technology.
 The degree is commonly applied to international and domestic policy careers.
 Many Master of Public Affairs degrees are similar to the Master of Public Policy degree, whereas others fall closer to the Master of Public Administration degree.
A stolperstein (] from German, literally "stumbling stone", metaphorically a "stumbling block" or a stone to "stumble upon", plural stolpersteine) is a cobblestone-size (10x10 cm ) concrete cube bearing a brass plate inscribed with the name and life dates of victims of Nazi extermination or persecution.
 The "stolperstein" art project was initiated by the German artist Gunter Demnig in 1992, and is still ongoing.
 It aims at commemorating individual persons at exactly the last place of residency—or, sometimes, work—which was freely chosen by the person before he or she fell victim to Nazi terror, euthanasia, eugenics, was deported to a concentration or extermination camp, or escaped persecution by emigration or suicide.
 s of 31 2017 , over 56,000 "stolpersteine" have been laid in 22 European countries, making the "stolperstein" project the world's largest decentralized memorial.
Firing Line (officially Firing Line with William F. Buckley Jr.) was an American public affairs show founded and hosted by conservative William F. Buckley Jr., founder and publisher of "National Review" magazine.
 Its 1,504 episodes over 33 years made "Firing Line" the longest-running public affairs show in television history with a single host.
 The program, which featured many influential public figures in the United States, won an Emmy Award in 1969.
