The Jacobean style is the second phase of Renaissance architecture in England, following the Elizabethan style.
 It is named after King James I of England, with whose reign (1603-1625 in England) it is associated.
 At the start of James' reign there was little stylistic break in architecture, as Elizabethan trends continued their development.
 However his death in 1625 came as a decisive change towards more classical architecture, with Italian influence, was in progress, led by Inigo Jones; the style this began is sometimes called Stuart architecture, or English Baroque (though the latter term may be regarded as starting later).
Wu Ding () was a king of the Shang dynasty in ancient China, whose reign lasted from approximately 1250–1192 BC.
 According to the traditional chronology, his reign was 1324–1266 BC.
Marko Mrnjavčević (, ] ;  1335  – 17 May 1395) was the "de jure" Serbian king from 1371 to 1395, while he was the "de facto" ruler of territory in western Macedonia centered on the town of Prilep.
 He is known as Prince Marko (, "Kraljević Marko", ] ) and King Marko (Bulgarian: Крали Марко ; Macedonian: Kрaле Марко ) in South Slavic oral tradition, in which he has become a major character during the period of Ottoman rule over the Balkans.
 Marko's father, King Vukašin, was co-ruler with Serbian Tsar Stefan Uroš V, whose reign was characterised by weakening central authority and the gradual disintegration of the Serbian Empire.
 Vukašin's holdings included lands in western Macedonia and Kosovo.
 In 1370 or 1371, he crowned Marko "young king"; this title included the possibility that Marko would succeed the childless Uroš on the Serbian throne.
Mittasena (or Mitta Sena or Karalsora) was King of Anuradhapura in the 5th century, whose reign lasted from 435 to 436.
 He succeeded Chattagahaka Jantu as King of Anuradhapura.
 During his reign, the kingdom was invaded by Pandu of The Six Dravidians.
Nicholas I (Russian: Николай I Павлович , "Nikolay I Pavlovich" ; 6 July [O.S. 25 June] 1796 – 2 March [O.S. 18 February] 1855 ) was the Emperor of Russia from 1825 until 1855.
 He was also the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Finland.
 He is best known as a political conservative whose reign was marked by geographical expansion, repression of dissent, economic stagnation, poor administrative policies, a corrupt bureaucracy, and frequent wars that culminated in Russia's defeat in the Crimean War of 1853–56.
 His biographer Nicholas V. Riasanovsky says that Nicholas displayed determination, singleness of purpose, and an iron will, along with a powerful sense of duty and a dedication to very hard work.
 He saw himself as a soldier—a junior officer totally consumed by spit and polish.
 A handsome man, he was highly nervous and aggressive.
 Trained as an engineer, he was a stickler for minute detail.
 In his public persona, says Riasanovsky, "Nicholas I came to represent autocracy personified: infinitely majestic, determined and powerful, hard as stone, and relentless as fate."
 His reign had an ideology called "Official Nationality" that was proclaimed officially in 1833.
 It was a reactionary policy based on orthodoxy in religion, autocracy in government, and Russian nationalism.
 He was the younger brother of his predecessor, Alexander I.
 Nicholas inherited his brother's throne despite the failed Decembrist revolt against him and went on to become the most reactionary of all Russian leaders.
 His aggressive foreign policy involved many expensive wars, having a disastrous effect on the empire's finances.
Gothabhaya, also known as Meghavannabhaya, Gothakabhaya and Goluaba, was a king of the Anuradhapura Kingdom of Sri Lanka whose reign lasted from 254 to 267.
 During his reign, Gothabhaya renovated several temples and monasteries and also built a new temple.
 He is the last of three friends who seized the throne from King Vijaya Kumara and ruled the country.
 He is known for banishing 60 Buddhist monks who followed teaching contradictory to Theravada, and also for rebelling against his friend Samghabodhi to seize the throne himself.
Aggabodhi III was King of Anuradhapura in the 7th century, whose reign lasted the year 623 and from 624 to 640.
 He succeeded his father Silameghavanna as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Jettha Tissa III in his first reign and Dathopa Tissa I in his second.
Mithridates I (Mihrdat I) (Georgian: მითრიდატე I ) was the 1st-century king of Iberia (Kartli, Georgia) whose reign is evidenced by epigraphic material.
 Cyril Toumanoff suggests 58–106 as the years of his reign.
Unhanagara Hatthadatha was King of Anuradhapura in the 7th century, whose reign lasted the year 691.
 He succeeded Aggabodhi IV as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by the first monarch from the House of Lambakanna II, Manavanna.
Amazasp I (Georgian: ამაზასპი ) was a king of Iberia (Kartli, modern eastern Georgia) whose reign is placed by the early medieval Georgian historical compendia in the 2nd century.
 Professor Cyril Toumanoff suggests 106–116 as the years of his reign, and considers him to be the son and successor of Mithridates I of Iberia who is known from epigraphic material as a Roman ally.
 Toumanoff also identifies him with the Amazaspus of the Armazi stele of Vespasian and Xepharnuges of the Armazi stele of Serapit.
