Rules of origin are used to determine the country of origin of a product for purposes of international trade.
 There are two common types of rules of origin depending upon application, the preferential and non-preferential rules of origin (19 CFR 102).
 The exact rules vary from country to country, from agreement to agreement.
The High Times Freedom Fighters was a marijuana legalization group started by "High Times" Editor-in-Chief Steven Hager in 1987.
 The group was famous for marching into marijuana rallies dressed in psychedelic Colonial-style outfits while playing drums.
 They injected some life into what had become a slowly dying legalization movement.
 They forged a new generation of activists, and created a number of events around the country, the largest being the Boston Freedom Rally, which drew 100,000 people to Boston Common in the 1990s.
 The Freedom Fighters published a national newsletter for four years edited by Linda Noel (who also founded the Boston Freedom Rally).
 The Freedom Fighters also created free kitchens at the summer National Rainbow Family Gatherings, and the winter Regional Gatherings in Ocala, Florida.
A homeland ( "country of origin" and native land) is the concept of the place (cultural geography) with which an ethnic group holds a long history and a deep cultural association – the country in which a particular national identity began.
 As a common noun, homeland, it simply connotes the country of one's origin.
 When used as a proper noun, the Homeland, as well as its equivalents in other languages, often have ethnic nationalist connotations.
 A homeland may also be referred to as a "fatherland", a "motherland", or a "mother country", depending on the culture and language of the nationality in question.
The People's Party was a political party in the United States, founded in 1971 by various individuals and state and local political parties, including the Peace and Freedom Party, Commongood People's Party, Country People's Caucus, Human Rights Party, Liberty Union, New American Party, New Party (Arizona), and No Party.
 The party's goal was to present a united anti-war platform for the coming election.
The Mexican Fascist Party (Partido Fascista Mexicano) was a political party that was formed in Mexico in 1922 that was officially based upon Italian Fascism.
 The party was founded by Gustavo Sáenz de Sicilia.
 It was formed largely in opposition to effects of the Mexican Revolution by urban and rural middle class supporters who opposed socialism and agrarian reform who saw fascism as an alternative.
 The party's base of supporters were largely conservative, Catholic, and antirevolutionary.
 The party was viewed with dismay by Italian fascists, with the Italian ambassador in 1923 stating that "This party was not anything else than a bad imitation of ours, and did not possess the causes of origin and the finalities of it.
 It, in fact, assumed the aspect of a political movement tending to gather in the whole country old conservative and Catholic forces dispersed by the revolution, and to form, in this way, a party clearly opposed to the actual government."
Presidential elections were held in Sri Lanka on 8 January 2015, two years ahead of schedule.
 The incumbent President Mahinda Rajapaksa was the United People's Freedom Alliance's candidate, seeking a third term in office.
 The United National Party (UNP)-led opposition coalition chose to field Maithripala Sirisena, the former Minister of Health in Rajapaksa's government and general secretary of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) – the main constituent party of the UPFA – as its common candidate.
The Party for Justice, Integration and Unity (, or PDIU) is a nationalist political party in Albania whose primary aim is the promotion of national issues.
 The party's goals and objectives are to express the struggle of the "Ethnic Albanians", who after world and regional wars, are facing challenges that affect their rights.
 In the light of paradigms such as freedom and human rights, these challenges bring them together, forge common interests, and constitute their national issues."
 The party focuses on highlighting national issues, including Kosovo, Albanians in Macedonia, Montenegro, Presevo Valley and especially the Cham issue.
The Libertarian Party of Maryland is the Maryland affiliate of the Libertarian Party.
 The state chair is Robert S. Johnston III.
 The party, also known as "LPMaryland," is Maryland’s third-largest political party, with 13,549 registered voters across the state as of March 31, 2014.
 According to its website, the party advocates "a smaller government that costs less and leaves individuals with more economic opportunity and more personal freedom," and "work[s] to advance that view by supporting Libertarian candidates for local, state, and federal office."
 LPMaryland also forms coalitions with other civic organizations who share at least some common ground with libertarians, including groups that concern themselves primarily with civil liberties, world peace, fiscal restraint, and government reform.
 The official views of the party on state-level policy issues are set forth in the Libertarian Party of Maryland Program.
Maharashtra Swaraj Party (MSP) is a regional political party formed by the East Indian community in Mumbai, India.
 The party's name draws inspiration from the phrase "Swaraj is my Birthright", coined by East Indian freedom fighter and Mumbai's first mayor of Indian origin, Joseph 'Kaka' Baptista.
 Kaka Baptista was a close associate of Lokmanya Tilak who made the phrase popular.
Eric Lucassen (born November 12, 1974 in Amsterdam) is a former Dutch politician and digital music educator as well as sergeant.
 As a member of the Party for Freedom (Partij voor de Vrijheid) he was an MP from June 17, 2010 to September 19, 2012.
 He focused on matters of Kingdom relations.
