"Fergalicious" is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album, "The Dutchess" (2006).
 The title is a portmanteau of "Fergie" and "delicious".
 It was written by Fergie and The Black Eyed Peas groupmate will.i.am, who also produced the song as well as providing the instrumentation and additional vocals.
 The song was slated as the second single from the album and released for airplay on October 23, 2006.
 "Fergalicious" is an dance, electro and hip hop song with R&B characteristics.
 It contains compositional samples of "Supersonic", a song written by Dania Maria Birks, Juana Michelle Burns, Juanita A. Lee, Kim Nazel, and Fatima Shaheed and performed by J. J. Fad, and "Give It All You Got", a song written by Derrick Rahming and popularized by Afro-Rican.
 The song's bridge contains an interpolation of "Night Train" by Jimmy Forrest and James Brown.
 The critical reception of "Fergalicious" was positive, with many praising it as a catchy and danceable track.
 Some music critics compared the song to "My Humps" (2006), a single released by The Black Eyed Peas from their fourth studio album "Monkey Business" (2005).
"Mr. Put It Down" is a song recorded by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin.
 It was written by Martin, Aaron Pearce, Jeremy Hunter, Keith Ross, Gavriel Avinov and Pitbull who is also featured with a rap verse.
 "Mr Put It Down" is a dance-pop song with a club and disco influence and elements from the 1970s and 1980s musical styles.
 Critics compared the song to the works by several music artists such as Michael Jackson, Earth, Wind & Fire and Justin Timberlake.
 To deliver the lyrics, Martin uses processed vocals and his falsetto.
 Following its release it charted on the Wallonia Ultratip chart at number 19 and Ultratop Wallonia Dance chart at number 31.
 In "Billboard"' s July 4, 2015 issue, it reached number one on the Dance Club Songs chart.
 "Mr. Put It Down" served as the opener on Martin's 2015 One World Tour.
Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied (alternatively titled Miley) is an American short film directed by photographer Quentin Jones and starring recording artist Miley Cyrus.
 It was released on May 1, 2014 by the lifestyle website Nowness, although it had been previously used for the introduction of her headlining Bangerz Tour.
 The black-and-white video displays a topless Cyrus engaging in several sadomasochistic behaviors.
 Contemporary critics compared "Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied" to earlier music videos by recording artist Madonna and the erotic novel "Fifty Shades of Grey" (2011), and agreed that it continued to solidify the sexually-explicit public image she had cultivated in 2013.
"Don't Hurt Yourself" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé for her sixth studio album, "Lemonade".
 The song was produced by Jack White, Beyoncé and Derek Dixie, and written by White, Beyoncé, and Diana Gordon.
 It contains samples of "When the Levee Breaks" written by Jimmy Page, Robert Plant, John Paul Jones and John Bonham, and performed by Led Zeppelin.
 Some critics compared the song to Beyoncé's "Ring the Alarm" (2006).
 The song received a nomination for the 59th Annual Grammy Awards in the category Best Rock Performance. "
Billboard" ranked "Don't Hurt Yourself" at number 61 on their ""Billboard"' s 100 Best Pop Songs of 2016" list.
"Scream" is a song by American recording artist Usher, released through RCA Records, as the second single from his seventh studio album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012).
 It was written by Usher, Savan Kotecha, Max Martin and Shellback, with production handled by the latter two.
 The song premiered on the internet on April 26, 2012, and was released the following day as a digital download.
 "Scream" is primarily a synthpop and dance-pop track.
 Critics compared its musical structure to that of Usher's 2010 single "DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love", which was also co-written by Martin, Kotecha, and Shellback.
 "Scream" was noted to contain heavily sexual overtones within its lyrics.
"Fading" is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna from her fifth studio album, "Loud" (2010).
 The song was written by Jamal Jones and Ester Dean, whilst production of the song was completed by Jones under his production name, Polow da Don.
 Musically, the song samples Irish instrumentalist and singer-songwriter Enya' s "One by One", whilst lyrically, the song is about leaving a man in a relationship.
 After "Loud" had strong digital download sales in the United Kingdom, "Fading" charted at number 187 on that country's singles chart in November 2010.
 The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, who praised da Don's production, but one critic criticized Rihanna for copying herself and failing to create something different.
 Some critics also compared it to one of Rihanna's previous singles, "Take A Bow".
 The song has also been performed on select dates of the Loud Tour (2011).
"SOS" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album "A Girl like Me" (2006).
 It was written by Jonathan "J.R." Rotem, E. Kidd Bogart and Ed Cobb, with production was handled by Rotem, Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers.
 It was released on February 14, 2006, as the lead single from the album.
 "SOS" is a dance-pop song which samples Soft Cell's 1981 recording of "Tainted Love", a song written by Cobb in 1965.
 Critical reception of "SOS" was generally positive, with the majority of music critics praising the inclusion of the "Tainted Love" sample.
 Some critics compared "SOS" to Rihanna's debut single, "Pon de Replay" ("Music of the Sun", 2005).
Blood Money is a 2012 Bollywood crime thriller film directed by Vishal Mahadkar and produced by Mahesh Bhatt.
 The film stars Kunal Khemu opposite Amrita Puri in lead roles.
 It released on 30 March 2012, and received mostly positive response from critics.
 "Blood Money" managed to perform moderately well at the box office.
 Many critics compared the film to the "Blood Diamond" (2006), "The Devil's Advocate" (1997), "The Firm" (1993) and to Bhatt's earlier directorial film "Naam" (1986).
Miniature Dinosaurs were a pop/rock band from Stirling, Scotland.
 The band consisted of Barry Maclean (Vocals/Guitar), Alban Dickson (Bass Guitar), Andrew McAllister (Guitar/Synth) and Sam Waller (Drums).
 Critics compared their music to the likes of The Killers, Pulp and Weezer.
"Why'd You Only Call Me When You're High?"
 is a song by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys.
 It was released as the third single from their fifth studio album "AM" on 11 August 2013.
 It was written by the group's lead vocalist Alex Turner while its production was handled by James Ford.
 Upon its release, many critics compared the composition of "Why'd You Only Call Me When You're High?"
 with works by different artists.
