Laetiporus ailaoshanensis is a species of polypore fungus in the family Fomitopsidaceae.
 It is found in southwestern China, where it grows on "Lithocarpus".
 The species was described as new to science in 2014 by Baokai Cui and Jie Song.
 Its fruit body has an orange-yellow to reddish-orange cap surface, with cream to buff pores on the cap underside.
 The fungus produces ovoid to ellipsoid basidiospores that measure 5.0–6.2 by 4.0–5.0 μm.
 Molecular analysis of internal transcribed spacer DNA sequences indicate that "L. ailaoshanensis" is a unique lineage in the genus "Laetiporus".
The acorn, or oak nut, is the nut of the oaks and their close relatives (genera "Quercus" and "Lithocarpus", in the family Fagaceae).
 It usually contains a single seed (occasionally two seeds), enclosed in a tough, leathery shell, and borne in a cup-shaped cupule.
 Acorns are 1–6 cm long and 0.8–4 cm broad.
 Acorns take between 6 and 24 months (depending on the species) to mature; see List of Quercus species for details of oak classification, in which acorn morphology and phenology are important factors.
Lithocarpus platycarpus is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family.
 It is a tree endemic to Java in Indonesia.
 It is an endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
.
Lithocarpus crassinervius is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family.
 It is a tree endemic to Java in Indonesia.
 It is an endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
Lithocarpus kostermansii is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family.
 It is a tree endemic to Java in Indonesia.
 It is an endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
Lithocarpus glaber, the Japanese oak, is a tree species in the genus "Lithocarpus" found in Japan, China and Taïwan.
Duranta erecta is a species of flowering shrub in the verbena family Verbenaceae, native from Mexico to South America and the Caribbean.
 It is widely cultivated as an ornamental plant in tropical and subtropical gardens throughout the world, and has become naturalized in many places.
 It is considered an invasive species in Australia, China, South Africa and on several Pacific Islands.
 Common names include golden dewdrop, pigeon berry, and skyflower.
 In Mexico, the native Nahuatl name for the plant is xcambocoché.
 In Tonga it is known as mavaetangi (tears of departure).
Lithocarpus is a genus in the beech family Fagaceae, differing from "Quercus" in the erect spikes of insect-pollinated male flowers and the short styles with punctate stigmas on the female flowers.
 The World Checklist (see link below) accepts 334 species, though some other texts suggest as few as 100 species.
 About 100 Asian species of the genus were formerly treated in the genus "Pasania".
 All are native to east and southeast Asia.
 These Asian species do not have a well-known English vernacular name, though the generic term stone oak has been proposed.
An oak is a tree or shrub in the genus Quercus ( ; Latin "oak tree") of the beech family, Fagaceae.
 There are approximately 600 extant species of oaks.
 The common name "oak" also appears in the names of species in related genera, notably "Lithocarpus" (stone oaks), as well as in those of unrelated species such as "Grevillea robusta" (silky oaks) and the Casuarinaceae (she-oaks).
 The genus "Quercus" is native to the Northern Hemisphere, and includes deciduous and evergreen species extending from cool temperate to tropical latitudes in the Americas, Asia, Europe, and North Africa.
 North America contains the largest number of oak species, with approximately 90 occurring in the United States, while Mexico has 160 species of which 109 are endemic.
 The second greatest center of oak diversity is China, which contains approximately 100 species.
Imazapyr is a non-selective herbicide used for the control of a broad range of weeds including terrestrial annual and perennial grasses and broadleaved herbs, woody species, and riparian and emergent aquatic species.
 It is used to eliminate "Lithocarpus densiflorus" (Tan Oak) and "Arbutus menziesii" (Pacific Madrone).
 Additionally, imazapyr is used to control annual and perennial grass and broadleaved weeds, brush, vines and many deciduous trees.
 Imazapyr is absorbed by the leaves and roots, and moves rapidly through the plant.
 It accumulates in the meristem region (active growth region) of the plant.
 In plants, imazapyr disrupts protein synthesis and interferes with cell growth and DNA synthesis.
