Paul Grafer (born August 7, 1974) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent six seasons in Major League Soccer with the Colorado Rapids and MetroStars.
 He was the goalkeeper coach for the United States U-17 men's national soccer team between 2007 and 2012.
 Most recently, he has been a FIFA Instructor and assistant coach with Chivas USA of Major League Soccer.
 He has also been professionally affiliated with Athletes Helping Athletes and SAFE, organizations that provide lifeskills development and training to student athletes.
Paul Bravo (born June 19, 1968 in Campbell, California) is a former American soccer midfielder and forward who played six seasons in Major League Soccer, two in the American Professional Soccer League and two in the USISL.
 He also earned four caps, scoring one goal, with the United States men's national soccer team.
 After his retirement from playing, Bravo served for several years as an assistant coach in both Major League Soccer and the NCAA and was most recently Technical Director for the Colorado Rapids.
Marc Dos Santos (born May 26, 1977) is a Canadian soccer manager with experience in the United Soccer League, North American Soccer League, and Major League Soccer.
 He currently is the manager of the San Francisco Deltas of the North American Soccer League, beginning play in the 2017 season.
 Most recently, he was the manager of the Swope Park Rangers of the United Soccer League, an affiliate of Sporting Kansas City of Major League Soccer.
 The North American Soccer League Coach of the Year in 2015, Dos Santos led the Ottawa Fury FC to the NASL Championship Final after a first-place finish in the Fall Season.
 Previously, he focused on youth initiatives in Brazil with FC Primeira Camisa (U-20's) and SE Palmeiras (U-15's), culminating with a Copa do Brasil Sub-15 championship and a technical director position with Desportivo Brasil.
 The Montreal native was first hired by the Montreal Impact in January 2007 to lead the club's reserve team, Trois-Rivieres Attak FC, in the Canadian Soccer League.
 After leading the squad to titles in their initial two seasons – first as 2007 Open Canada Cup champions, then as 2008 CSL National Division champions – Dos Santos was added to the Impact's technical staff as an assistant coach in June 2008 and became head coach in May 2009.
 During his tenure, the Impact won the inaugural Canadian Championship in 2008 to claim the Voyageurs Cup and a berth in the 2008-09 CONCACAF Champions League.
 Dos Santos then led Montreal through three different leagues in consecutive campaigns, winning the USL First Division title in 2009 before transitioning into USSF Division 2 in 2010 and the North American Soccer League in 2011.
Vancouver Whitecaps FC is a Canadian professional soccer team based in Vancouver, British Columbia that competes in Major League Soccer (MLS) in the Western Conference of the league.
 The Whitecaps are the 17th team of Major League Soccer and replaced the USSF Division 2 team of the same name.
 The club has been owned and managed by the same group since their USSF days, having graduated to MLS after the conclusion of the USSF's 2010 season.
 The MLS version of the team is the third to share the legacy of the Whitecaps name.
 In the 2012 season, the team became the first Canadian team to qualify for the MLS Cup Playoffs.
Miles Joseph (born May 2, 1974) is an American soccer manager and retired U.S. soccer player who earned three caps with the United States national soccer team.
 He spent six seasons in Major League Soccer and the part of one season in Major Indoor Soccer League.
 He was also a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
 He is currently an assistant coach for Orlando City SC in Major League Soccer.
Fernando Caetano Clavijo Cedrés (born January 23, 1956) is a retired American soccer defender and former head coach of the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer.
 He played three seasons in the American Soccer League, two in the North American Soccer League and ten in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
 He earned 61 caps with the United States men's national soccer team and 8 with the U.S. National Futsal Team.
 He later coached both indoor and outdoor teams as well as at the national team level with Nigeria and Haiti.
 He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame and is a 2014 inductee into the Indoor Soccer Hall of Fame.
Omid Namazi (Persian: امید نمازی‎ ‎ ) is a retired Iranian-American soccer defender and currently head coach of the United States men's national under-18 soccer team.
 Namazi played professionally in the American Soccer League, American Professional Soccer League, Major League Soccer, USISL and National Professional Soccer League where he was the 2001 Defender of the Year.
 He is a two-time Coach of the Year in the Major Indoor Soccer League and coached in the Women's United Soccer Association.
 As assistant coach of Iran, he led the team to qualification to the 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2015 AFC Asian Cup.
Major League Soccer owners own a share in the league and have the right to operate a team.
 Major League Soccer operates under a single-entity structure in which teams and player contracts are centrally owned by the league.
 Each Major League Soccer team has an investor-operator that is a shareholder in the league.
 In order to control costs, the league shares revenues and holds players contracts instead of players contracting with individual teams.
Seattle Sounders FC is an American soccer club founded in 2008, after the city of Seattle was awarded a Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise.
 The club began playing competitive soccer in the 2009 Major League Soccer season.
 It plays its home games at CenturyLink Field, competing in the Western Conference of the MLS.
 The current Sounders FC is the third soccer team from Seattle to bear the "Sounders" nickname.
 The tradition was started by Seattle's North American Soccer League team in 1974, and continued by the city's United Soccer Leagues side, formed in 1994.
 The current Sounders FC is an entity distinct to both of these clubs, and played its first MLS game on March 19, 2009, against the New York Red Bulls.
Shadi Attieh, or Chadi Atie (Arabic: شادي عطية; born ٍSeptember 14, 1989 in Beirut, Lebanon), is a Lebanese professional footballer who plays as a left back for Shabab Al-Sahel.
 Attieh is not only known for his solid defense but also his attacking abilities.
 He is often referred to as the "Lebanese Ashley Cole".
