Thomas Matthew Burns {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'SM', '4': "} (called Tom; born 3 June 1944) is a British Roman Catholic Bishop.
 On 16 October 2008 he was appointed as Bishop of Menevia by Pope Benedict XVI, becoming Bishop on 1 December 2008 when he took possession of his new See, on which day he ceased to be Bishop of the Forces.
 He is now Bishop Promoter for the Apostleship of the Sea, A Catholic organisation that provides pastoral and practical assistance to all seafarers.
Thomas Matthew "Tom" Ransley {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 September 1985) is a British rower educated at the King's School, Canterbury, University of York and University of Cambridge.
 At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro he was part of the British crew that won the gold medal in the eight and in 2015 was the European Champion in the men's coxless four.
Thomas Matthew "Big Tom" Rienzi (February 15, 1919 – December 15, 2010) was a major general in the U.S. Army Signal Corps who served during World War II, the Korean War and Vietnam War.
 He implemented the modernization of Signal units from the usage of just wire and radio, through the growth of strategic satellite communications, to the integration of computer systems at even the tactical level.
Thomas Matthew DeLonge Jr. (born December 13, 1975) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, record producer, entrepreneur, and film producer.
 He is the guitarist and lead vocalist of the rock band Angels & Airwaves and was the guitarist and co-lead vocalist of the rock band Blink-182, which he co-founded, from 1992 to 2015.
 DeLonge grew up in the suburbs of Poway, California, where he embraced skateboarding at an early age.
 DeLonge received his first guitar shortly thereafter and began writing original punk rock songs.
 He formed Blink-182 with bassist Mark Hoppus and drummer Scott Raynor during his high school years.
 The band created a following in the mid-1990s through independent releases and relentless touring, particularly in their home country and in Australia.
 They signed to MCA Records in 1996 and their second album, "Dude Ranch" (1997), featured the hit single "Dammit".
Thomas Matthew 'Tom' Baxter (23 February 1884 - 8 May 1959) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Chasin' Crazy is an American country music group composed of Landon Parker (acoustic guitar, vocals), Travis Fincher (drums, vocals), Jimmy James Hunter (lead guitar, vocals), Creigh Riepe (keyboards, guitar, vocals) and Forest Miller (bass, fiddle, mandolin, vocals).
 The group was formed in Nashville, Tennessee in 2012.
 They signed to RPM Entertainment and released their debut single, "That's How We Do Summertime", in May 2014.
 The song was written by Thomas Matthew Karlas and Matthew Thomas Ramsey and produced by Marti Frederiksen and Blake Chancey.
Thomas Matthew "Tom" Chappell (born 1943) is an American businessman and manufacturer and co-founder of Tom's of Maine in 1970.
Ian Michael Chappell (born 26 September 1943) is a former cricketer who played for South Australia and Australia.
 He captained Australia between 1971 and 1975 before taking a central role in the breakaway World Series Cricket organisation.
 Born into a cricketing family—his grandfather and brother also captained Australia—Chappell made a hesitant start to international cricket playing as a right-hand middle-order batsman and spin bowler.
 He found his niche when promoted to bat at number three.
 Known as "Chappelli", he earned a reputation as one of the greatest captains the game has seen.
 Chappell's blunt verbal manner led to a series of confrontations with opposition players and cricket administrators; the issue of sledging first arose during his tenure as captain and he was a driving force behind the professionalisation of Australian cricket in the 1970s.
The Matthew Bible, also known as Matthew's Version, was first published in 1537 by John Rogers, under the pseudonym "Thomas Matthew".
 It combined the New Testament of William Tyndale, and as much of the Old Testament as he had been able to translate before being captured and put to death.
 The translations of Myles Coverdale from German and Latin sources completed the Old Testament and the Biblical apocrypha, except the Apocryphal Prayer of Manasses.
 It is thus a vital link in the main sequence of English Bible translations.
Thomas Matthew "Tom" Nowatzke (born September 30, 1942) was a National Football League running back of Polish descent from 1965 through 1972.
 He scored a touchdown for the Baltimore Colts in Super Bowl V.
 He was inducted into the National Polish-American Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.
