The 2015 Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team will represent Texas Tech University during the 2015 NCAA Division I baseball season.
 The Red Raiders will play their home games at Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
 They will be led by head coach Tim Tadlock, in his 3rd season at Texas Tech.
Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park, nicknamed "The Law", is the home stadium of the Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team in Lubbock, Texas.
 It is located on the Texas Tech University campus, adjacent to Jones AT&T Stadium and Fuller Track.
 Dan Law Field was rated as one of the top three places to watch a college baseball game by "Sports Illustrated On Campus".
The Louisiana Tech Bulldogs baseball team represents Louisiana Tech University in NCAA Division I college baseball.
 The Louisiana Tech baseball team participates in Conference USA.
 The Bulldogs play their home games on campus at J. C. Love Field at Pat Patterson Park.
The 2014 Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team represents Texas Tech University in the 2014 college baseball season.
 Texas Tech competes in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) as a charter member of the Big 12 Conference.
 The Red Raiders play home games at Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park on the university's campus in Lubbock, Texas.
 Second year head coach Tim Tadlock leads the Red Raiders, a former starting shortstop for the team during the 1990 and 1991 seasons.
The 2017 Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team represents Texas Tech University during the 2017 NCAA Division I baseball season.
 The Red Raiders play their home games at Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
 They are led by head coach Tim Tadlock, in his 5th season at Texas Tech.
The 2016 Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team represents Texas Tech University during the 2016 NCAA Division I baseball season.
 The Red Raiders play their home games at Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
 They are led by head coach Tim Tadlock, in his 4th season at Texas Tech.
The Angelo State Rams baseball team represents Angelo State University in NCAA Division II college baseball.
 The team was resurrected in 2005 after a long hiatus because of continued student requests and support.
 The team belongs to the Lone Star Conference and plays home games at Foster Field, an on-campus field.
 The field was constructed in 2000 and features 4,200 seats, a Triple-A lighting system and an inning-by-inning scoreboard with a video display.
 It features major league style dugouts and locker rooms and a complete training facility, making it one of the most modern facilities in NCAA Division II college baseball.
 In 2015 2.1 million dollars of renovations were made to the facility, including adding an AstroTurf playing field, all new blue chair back seats, and padding the outfield wall.
 In addition the ASU Sports Complex consists of two NCAA regulation fields used for practice, along with indoor practice facilities.
 The Rams only coach has been Kevin Brooks.
 The only coach in ASU baseball history, he has a 219-134 Lone Star Conference record and an 14-11 record in five trips to the NCAA postseason.
 The Rams are the only Lone Star Conference team to ever make the College World Series and Brooks has taken them there three in only 12 seasons.
 The Rams have also won the Lone Star Conference tournament championship two times, including the 2015 LSC Championship when the team swept their way to the title and in 2012.
 His list of accomplishments includes the LSC South Division title in 2006, the Lone Star Conference and NCAA Division II South Central Regional titles in 2007,2015, and 2016, a semifinal appearance in the 2009 South Central Regional tournament and the LSC regular season and tournament championships in 2012.
 He has coached over 100 All-Lone Star Conference selections, 40 All-Region picks and 23 All-American selections.
 Brooks has also prepared his players for the next level as 22 former Rams have played or are currently playing professional baseball, including 7 in the last 2 years.
The Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team represents Texas Tech University in NCAA Division I college baseball.
 The team competes in the Big 12 Conference and plays at Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park.
 Their head coach is Tim Tadlock and he is in his 5th season with the Red Raiders.
Grailey Hewett "Grady" "Big Hig" Higginbotham (December 31, 1892 – February 10, 1989) was an American football and baseball player, coach of football, basketball, and baseball, and college athletics administrator.
 He was the first head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders men's basketball team, leading it to a 14–18 record from 1925 to 1927.
 Higginbotham coached the Red Raiders baseball team to a 10–17 record from 1928 to 1929.
 He was also the head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team in 1929, tallying a mark of 1–7–2.
 He was the athletic director at Texas Tech from 1927 to 1929.
 Higginbotham played college football and college baseball at Texas A&M University.
 After graduating, he played in minor league baseball or several years.
 He was the older brother of Roswell G. Higginbotham, who also played at Texas A&M and became a college baseball coach.
The Texas Tech Red Raiders football program is a college football team that represents Texas Tech University (variously "Texas Tech" or "TTU").
 The team competes, as a member of the Big 12 Conference, which is a Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (formerly Division I-A) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).
 The program began in 1925 and has an overall winning record, including a total of 11 conference titles and one division title.
 On December 12, 2012, former Red Raiders quarterback Kliff Kingsbury became the team's 15th head coach, following the resignation of Tommy Tuberville.
 Home games are played at Jones AT&T Stadium in Lubbock, Texas.
