Lani Desmonet "Desi" Lydic (born June 30, 1981) is an American comedian and actress who is currently a correspondent on "The Daily Show" with Trevor Noah.
 She also stars as guidance counselor Valerie Marks on the MTV comedy-drama series "Awkward".
 She got her start in the 2001 parody film "Not Another Teen Movie".
 She also starred in the Spike mini-series "Invasion Iowa" alongside William Shatner, and the parody series "The Real Wedding Crashers".
 She appeared as Shea Seger in the 2011 film "We Bought a Zoo" alongside Matt Damon and Scarlett Johansson, and in the 2013 film "The Babymakers" with Olivia Munn.
 Lydic also appeared as one half of a lesbian couple on an episode of the Disney Channel series "Good Luck Charlie" in 2014.
 She joined Trevor Noah's lineup of correspondents for "The Daily Show" on September 29, 2015.
Deliver Us from Evil is a 2014 American supernatural horror film directed by Scott Derrickson and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer.
 The film is officially based on a 2001 non-fiction book entitled "Beware the Night" by Ralph Sarchie and Lisa Collier Cool, and its marketing campaign highlighted that it was "inspired by actual accounts".
 The film stars Eric Bana, Édgar Ramírez, Sean Harris, Olivia Munn, and Joel McHale in the main roles and was released on July 2, 2014.
Mortdecai is a 2015 American action comedy film directed by David Koepp and written by Eric Aronson.
 The film is adapted from the novel series "Mortdecai" (specifically its first installment "Don't Point that Thing at Me") written by Kyril Bonfiglioli.
 It stars Johnny Depp in the title role and also features Gwyneth Paltrow, Ewan McGregor, Olivia Munn, Paul Bettany and Jeff Goldblum.
 Released by Lionsgate on January 23, 2015, "Mortdecai" was a box office bomb, grossing $47 million against its $60 million budget, and received overwhelmingly negative reviews.
Ride Along 2 is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Tim Story and written by Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi.
 It is the sequel to the 2014 film "Ride Along".
 The film stars Kevin Hart, Ice Cube, Ken Jeong, Benjamin Bratt, Olivia Munn, Bruce McGill and Tika Sumpter.
 Universal Pictures released the film on January 15, 2016.
 Like the original film, this sequel was panned by most critics but was a box office success, grossing $124.6 million worldwide during its theatrical run.
Office Christmas Party is a 2016 American Christmas comedy film directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck and written by Justin Malen and Laura Solon, based on a story by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore.
 The film stars an ensemble cast, including Jason Bateman, Olivia Munn, T. J. Miller, Jillian Bell, Vanessa Bayer, Courtney B. Vance, Rob Corddry, Kate McKinnon and Jennifer Aniston, and was released on December 9, 2016 by Paramount Pictures.
 It grossed $114 million worldwide.
Akira Fuse (布施 明 , Fuse Akira , born on December 18, 1947) is a Japanese singer, who was once married to Olivia Hussey.
 He debuted in 1965 with the single "Kimi ni Namida to Hohoemi o" (君に涙とほほえみを , "Tears and Smiles to You") .
 His greatest hits are "Cyclamen no Kahori" (シクラメンのかほり , Shikuramen no Kahori , "The Scent of Cyclamen") and "Kimi wa Bara Yori Utsukushii" (君は薔薇より美しい , "You are More Beautiful than a Rose") .
 He currently makes consistent appearances on television, performs occasional seasonal tours, hosts a late night talk show, and is involved in a number of stage plays.
 In 2005, he enjoyed a revival when his music was used in the popular Japanese TV-series "Kamen Rider Hibiki" with its ending theme "Shōnen yo" (少年よ , "Boy!")
 and later its second opening theme "Hajimari no Kimi e" (始まりの君へ , "To the Original You") .
 He married the actress Olivia Hussey in 1980 and later divorced in 1989 after he was unable to attain work in the United States and Olivia was unable to relocate her first-born son to Japan.
 They had one child, son Maximillian Fuse, who currently attends university in America.
The Lego Ninjago Movie is a 2017 3D computer-animated action comedy martial arts film produced by Warner Animation Group.
 Co-directed by Charlie Bean, Paul Fisher and Bob Logan, the film was co-written by Logan, Fisher, William Wheeler, Tom Wheeler, Jared Stern and John Whittington.
 The film stars the voices of Dave Franco, Justin Theroux, Fred Armisen, Abbi Jacobson, Olivia Munn, Kumail Nanjiani, Michael Peña, Zach Woods and Jackie Chan.
 The story within a story focuses on Lloyd Garmadon, a teenage ninja, as he attempts to accept the truth about his villainous father, while a new threat emerges to endanger his homeland.
Lisa Olivia Munn (born July 3, 1980) is an American actress and model.
 She was credited as Lisa Munn in her early career, but since 2006, she has used the name Olivia Munn.
The Babymakers is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Jay Chandrasekhar, and starring Paul Schneider, Olivia Munn and Kevin Heffernan.
 Chandrasekhar and Heffernan are both members of Broken Lizard.
 The film received a limited release on August 3, 2012 in theaters and on video on demand services.
 It received a DVD and Blu-ray release September 18, 2012.
Freeloaders is an American ensemble comedy film directed by Dan Rosen and written by Rosen and singer Dave Gibbs.
 The film is produced by the Broken Lizard comedy troupe and is independently financed.
 "Freeloaders" stars Clifton Collins Jr., Josh Lawson, Kevin Sussman, Zoe Boyle, Nat Faxon, Warren Hutcherson, Jane Seymour, Olivia Munn, Dave Foley and Counting Crows lead singer Adam Duritz.
 It follows a group of friends who find their luxurious lifestyle threatened when the rock star they freeload off decides to sell his home.
