"Song of the South" is a song written by Bob McDill.
 First recorded by American country music artist Bobby Bare on his 1980 album "Drunk & Crazy", a version by Johnny Russell reached number 57 on the U.S. "Billboard" country chart in 1981.
 Another cover by Tom T. Hall and Earl Scruggs peaked at number 72 in 1982 from the album "Storyteller and the Banjo Man".
 A cover released in November 1988 by American country music group Alabama, from their album "Southern Star", reached number 1 on both the U.S. and Canadian country charts.
"A Song for You" is a song written and originally recorded by rock singer and pianist Leon Russell for his first solo album "Leon Russell", which was released in 1970 on Shelter Records.
 A slow, pained plea for forgiveness and understanding from an estranged lover, the tune is one of Russell's best-known compositions.
 It has been performed and recorded by an array of artists, spanning many musical genres.
 Elton John has called the song an American classic.
"Got No Reason Now for Goin' Home" is a song written by Johnny Russell, and recorded by American country music artist Gene Watson.
 It was released in October 1984 as the first single from the album "Heartaches and Love and Stuff".
 The song reached #7 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
"Sweetie Pie" is a song written by Eddie Cochran, Jerry Capehart, and Johnny Russell and recorded by Eddie Cochran.
 It was recorded in 1957 and released posthumously as a single on Liberty F-55278 in August 1960.
 In the UK the single rose to number 38 on the charts.
 The U.S. release did not chart.
 The flip side, "Lonely", reached number 41 on the UK singles chart.
 Keld Heich has recorded the song in 2010.
"Act Naturally" is a song written by Johnny Russell and Voni Morrison, originally recorded by Buck Owens and the Buckaroos, whose version reached number 1 on the "Billboard" Country Singles chart in 1963, his first chart-topper.
 In 2002, Shelly Fabian of About.com ranked the song number 169 on her list of the Top 500 Country Music Songs.
"Let's Fall to Pieces Together" is a song written by Dickey Lee, Johnny Russell and Tommy Rocco, and recorded by American country singer George Strait.
 It was released in May 1984 as the third and final single from the album "Right or Wrong".
 The song was George Strait's fifth number one on the country chart.
"This Masquerade" is a song written by American singer and musician Leon Russell.
 It was originally recorded in 1972 by Russell for his album "Carney" the same year.
 The song was not released as a single but was inserted on the B-side of Russell's hit single "Tight Rope".
 The following year, "This Masquerade" was re-recorded by American vocal duo The Carpenters, who released it on their album "Now & Then" in 1973.
 It was inserted as the B-side of The Carpenters's single "Please Mr. Postman".
 Three years later, "This Masquerade" was recorded by American singer and guitarist George Benson, who released it on his 1976 album, "Breezin'".
 Benson's version, featuring Jorge Dalto on piano, was released as a single and became the first big hit of his career.
"Catfish John" is a song written by Bob McDill and Allen Reynolds, and recorded by American country music artist Johnny Russell.
 It was released in November 1972 as the fourth single from the album, "Catfish John"/"Chained".
 The song is credited with propelling Bob McDill into the front ranks of country songwriters.
"Rock and Roll, Hoochie Koo" is a rock song written by Rick Derringer.
 It was first recorded in 1970 by Johnny Winter And, Johnny Winter's band from 1970–71, of which Derringer was a member.
 In 1973, Derringer recorded a solo version and it became his only Top 40 chart hit as a solo artist, peaking on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 23.
 Both Winter and Derringer have recorded multiple live versions of the song, and several other artists have recorded covers.
"Rednecks, White Socks and Blue Ribbon Beer" is a song written by Bob McDill and Wayland Holyfield, and recorded by American country music artist Johnny Russell.
 It was released in July 1973 as the first single from his album "Rednecks, White Socks and Blue Ribbon Beer".
 The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart, making it his only top-ten.
 It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada, thus becoming his only number 1.
