Billy Ray Cyrus is an American country music singer, songwriter, actor and philanthropist, who helped make country music a worldwide phenomenon.
 He has released 12 studio albums and 44 singles since 1992, and is best known for his number one single "Achy Breaky Heart", which became the first single ever to achieve triple Platinum status in Australia and was the best-selling single of 1992 in the same country.
 Thanks to the video of the song, the linedance entered the mainstream, becoming a worldwide craze.
 Cyrus, a multi-platinum selling recording artist, has scored a total of eight top-ten singles on the Billboard Country Songs chart.
 His most successful album to date is the debut of "Some Gave All", which has been certified 9× multi-platinum in the United States and is the longest time spent by a debut artist at number one on the "Billboard" 200 (17 consecutive weeks) and most consecutive chart-topping weeks in the SoundScan era.
 It is the only album (from any genre) in the SoundScan era to log 17 consecutive weeks at number one and is also the second-highest selling debut album by a male country artist after Garth Brooks'.
 It ranked 43 weeks in the top 10, a total topped by only one country album in history, "Ropin' the Wind" by Garth Brooks.
 "Some Gave All" was also the first debut album to enter at the number 1 in the Billboard Country Albums.
 The album has also sold more than 20 million copies worldwide and is the best-selling debut album of all time for a solo male artist. "
Some Gave All" was also the best-selling album of 1992 in the US with 4,832,000 copies.
 In his career, he has released 35 charted singles, of which 16 have charted in the top 40.
The Hits is the second compilation album and first wide-released greatest hits album from American country music artist Garth Brooks.
 Brooks first greatest hits album, "The Garth Brooks Collection", was released three months earlier exclusively at McDonald's restaurants for a limited time to raise money for the Ronald McDonald Children's Charities.
 "The Hits" was released on December 13, 1994 and is now out of print.
 This was due to Brooks' views for whole record sales, instead of albums of singles.
 He insisted it only be available for a limited time, but not before it sold well over ten million copies (which at that time became his first album to achieve Diamond Series).
 "The Hits" debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" 200, and Top Country Albums.
 A CD Zoom containing 20-second sound bites of 61 songs accompanied "The Hits".
 In June 1995, the master was buried under Brooks’ star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Garth Brooks & the Magic of Christmas is the second holiday album by American country music artist Garth Brooks.
 It was released on November 23, 1999, peaked at #7 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, and #1 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 Two years after this album's release, Brooks released a reissue of this album, Songs from Call Me Claus, which contained most of the songs from this release.
 The only tracks which weren't carried over were "White Christmas," "God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen," and "Go Tell It on the Mountain" (all of which are remixed versions of the same songs from his first Christmas album, "Beyond The Season").
"Much Too Young (To Feel This Damn Old)" is a debut single recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks.
 It was released in March 1989 as the first single from his self-titled debut album.
 It was also featured on "The Garth Brooks Collection", "The Hits" and "The Ultimate Hits".
 It was co-written by Garth Brooks and Randy Taylor.
 In the U.S., the song peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.
"If Tomorrow Never Comes" is a song recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks.
 Written by Brooks and Kent Blazy, it was released in August 1989 as the second single from his album "Garth Brooks" and also appears on "The Hits", "The Limited Series" and "Double Live".
 This was his first #1 single on the Billboard Country Singles chart.
 It is also sometimes referred to as his signature song.
 "If Tomorrow Never Comes" was named Favorite Country Single in the American Music Awards of 1991.
 It has subsequently become one of Brooks' most popular songs for other artists to perform.
 The song has been covered by several artists, including Ronan Keating, who took it to Number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in May 2002.
"That Summer" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks.
 It was released in April 1993 as the fourth single from his album "The Chase" and also appears on "The Hits", "The Ultimate Hits", "The Limited Series" and "Double Live".
 It reached number-one on the Billboard Country Charts in 1993.
 The song was written by Garth Brooks, Pat Alger and Brooks' then-wife Sandy Mahl.
"Whatcha Gonna Do with a Cowboy" is a song written by Garth Brooks and Mark D. Sanders, and recorded by American country music artist Chris LeDoux with Garth Brooks.
 It was released in July 1992 as the first single from his album "Whatcha Gonna Do with a Cowboy".
 The song reached number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in September 1992.
 Brooks is featured as a duet partner, although he only received chart credit in Canada.
Greatest Hits, also titled Garth Brooks in... The Life of Chris Gaines, is an album by American country music artist Garth Brooks, in which Brooks assumes the fictitious persona of Australian rock artist Chris Gaines.
 Originally, this album was intended to be the soundtrack for a movie called "The Lamb" that would star Brooks as a rock star recalling the different periods of his life.
 This album was purposely released a year in advance from the scheduled film release date to pique interest in Brooks performing rock instead of country.
 "The Lamb", however, was never filmed due to financial and management problems.
Garth Brooks is the debut studio album of American country music artist Garth Brooks, released on April 12, 1989 through Capitol Nashville.
 It was both a critical and chart success, peaking at #13 on the "Billboard" 200 and at #2 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 The album has been certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments over ten million copies.
 This is Garth's only album to have a neotraditional country sound before developing a more crossover-friendly country-pop sound.
"Not Counting You" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks.
 It was released in January 1990 as the third single from his album "Garth Brooks".
 It peaked at #2 in the United States, while it was a number-one in Canada.
 According to "The Garth Brooks Story" T.V. special, this was the first song Garth Brooks ever recorded.
