In mathematics, a Bézout domain is a form of a Prüfer domain.
 It is an integral domain in which the sum of two principal ideals is again a principal ideal.
 This means that for every pair of elements a Bézout identity holds, and that every finitely generated ideal is principal.
 Any principal ideal domain (PID) is a Bézout domain, but a Bézout domain need not be a Noetherian ring, so it could have non-finitely generated ideals (which obviously excludes being a PID); if so, it is not a unique factorization domain (UFD), but still is a GCD domain.
 The theory of Bézout domains retains many of the properties of PIDs, without requiring the Noetherian property.
 Bézout domains are named after the French mathematician Étienne Bézout.
The Hong Kong Democratic Foundation (; HKDF) is a Hong Kong public policy think tank established initially as a political party on 27 October 1989.
 The Foundation was founded in the run up to the first Legislative Council direct elections of 1991 by a group of business people and professionals who endorsed democratic ideals led by Jimmy McGregor and Dr Leong Che-hung.
 The Foundation later transformed itself into a think tank and is currently chaired by Southern District Councillor Paul Zimmerman.
The Massoud Foundation (founded as the Ahmad Shah Massoud Foundation; Dari Persian: بنیاد شهید احمد شاه مسعود ) is a non-profit and non-governmental organization operating in Afghanistan.
 It was established in Kabul in 2003 to preserve and spread the values, leadership, and ideals of the late Ahmad Shah Massoud, the Lion of the Panjshir, who was a founding father of the resistance against the Soviet invasion in the 1980s and then against the Taliban and Al-Qaeda in the 1990s until he was assassinated by Al-Qaeda just two days prior to 9/11.
In mathematics, the interplay between the Galois group "G" of a Galois extension "L" of a number field "K", and the way the prime ideals "P" of the ring of integers "O" factorise as products of prime ideals of "O", provides one of the richest parts of algebraic number theory.
 The splitting of prime ideals in Galois extensions is sometimes attributed to David Hilbert by calling it Hilbert theory.
 There is a geometric analogue, for ramified coverings of Riemann surfaces, which is simpler in that only one kind of subgroup of "G" need be considered, rather than two.
 This was certainly familiar before Hilbert.
The Ramineni Foundation was founded in 1995 by the children of the late Ramineni Ayyanna Choudary in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA for the purpose of protecting and promoting the monumental heritage of Indian culture and the ideals of Hinduism.
 In addition, the primary mission of the foundation is to facilitate the valiant, relentless and altruistic efforts of all those high priests drawn from a cross-spectrum of fields in arts, science and humanities.
In the field of psychology, cognitive dissonance is the mental discomfort (psychological stress) experienced by a person who simultaneously holds two or more contradictory beliefs, ideas, or values.
 The occurrence of cognitive dissonance is a consequence of a person's performing an action that contradicts personal beliefs, ideals, and values; and also occurs when confronted with new information that contradicts said beliefs, ideals, and values.
The modern study of Japanese aesthetics only started a little over two hundred years ago in the West.
 The Japanese aesthetic is a set of ancient ideals that include "wabi" (transient and stark beauty), "sabi" (the beauty of natural patina and aging), and "yūgen" (profound grace and subtlety).
 These ideals, and others, underpin much of Japanese cultural and aesthetic norms on what is considered tasteful or beautiful.
 Thus, while seen as a philosophy in Western societies, the concept of aesthetics in Japan is seen as an integral part of daily life.
 Japanese aesthetics now encompass a variety of ideals; some of these are traditional while others are modern and sometimes influenced by other cultures.
Islamic Foundation Bangladesh (Bengali: ইসলামিক ফাউন্ডেশন বাংলাদেশ ) is a government organization under the "Ministry of Religious Affairs" in Bangladesh working to disseminate values and ideals of Islam and carry out activities related to those values and ideals.
 The head office of the foundation is in Dhaka, which is supported by 6 divisional offices and 64 district offices, as well as 7 Imam Training Academy Centers and 29 Islamic Mission Centers.
 The director general is the chief executive of the foundation.
The Davidian Revolution is a term given by many scholars to the changes which took place in the Kingdom of Scotland during the reign of David I (1124–1153).
 These included his foundation of burghs, implementation of the ideals of Gregorian Reform, foundation of monasteries, Normanization of the Scottish government, and the introduction of feudalism through immigrant Norman and Anglo-Norman knights.
Mahatma Gandhi National Foundation, Kerala, founded in December 2000, is aims at propagating the ideals and perpetuating the memory of Mahatma Gandhi, father of nation.
 Mahatma Gandhi National Foundation (MGNF) is a mission of collective action to provide better future to the most vulnerable sections of Kerala Society - women, children, disabled persons the aged and other disadvantaged groups - by providing educational training, protecting their health and environment, improving their living condition and strengthening their family and community.
