Waste House is a building on the University of Brighton campus in the centre of Brighton on the south coast of England.
 It was built between 2012 and 2014 as a project involving hundreds of students and apprentices and was designed by Duncan Baker-Brown, an architect who also lectures at the university.
 The materials consist of a wide range of construction industry and household waste—from toothbrushes and old jeans to VHS cassettes and bicycle inner tubes—and it is the first public building in Europe to be built primarily of such products.
 "From a distance [resembling] an ordinary contemporary town house", Waste House is designed to be low-energy and sustainable, and will be in continuous use as a test-bed for the university's design, architecture and engineering students.
 The building has won several awards and was shortlisted for the Royal Institute of British Architects' Stephen Lawrence Prize in September 2015.
The J. L. Robinson General Store is a historic general store located on Hagaman Road in Hagaman, Macoupin County, Illinois.
 Railroad worker Charles Crossland Robinson opened the store in 1881; his son James Leo Robinson took over the store upon his father's death, giving it its current name.
 The store was the main seller of household and farming supplies in Western Mound Township and the Hagaman and Chesterfield areas.
 In addition, the building served as the township's post office, a railway express office for Macoupin County's two railroads, and the local Democratic Party headquarters.
 The store was also the first building in the area to receive electricity and telephone service.
 It is now the only surviving building in the area built before 1900.
The Kamp Store is a historic general store building located at the northeast corner of Oak and Broadway in Kampsville, Illinois, United States.
 Joseph Kamp, the son of the founder of Kampsville, opened the store in 1902.
 The two-story wood frame building features a false front with decorative metalwork.
 The store provided Kampsville residents with a wide variety of goods, ranging from small household items to automobiles and heavy farming equipment.
 St. Louis-based suppliers shipped the store its goods via Mississippi River barges.
 Kamp operated the store until his death in 1952; the store served as a grocery store until the 1970s and later became a carpet store.
 The Center for American Archeology purchased the building in 1991 and now uses it as its Visitor's Center and Museum.
The Lillian Massey Building is a Neoclassical building located in Downtown Toronto, at the southeast corner of Queen's Park and Bloor Street along the Mink Mile and across from the Royal Ontario Museum.
 It was designed by architect George Martell Miller (1855–1933) and built between 1908 and 1912 for the University of Toronto's Household Science program created by Lillian Massey Treble, daughter of wealthy Canadian business man, Hart Massey.
 It presently houses the offices of the University of Toronto's Department of Classics and Centre for Medieval Studies, the offices of the University of Toronto's Division of University Advancement, and Club Monaco’s flagship retail store renovated by Fort Architects.
Siddharth N. "Bobby" Mehta was former CEO and vice chairman of HSBC North America.
 Mehta served as an Advisor of TransUnion since December 31, 2012.
 Mehta serves as consultant of TransUnion.
 He served the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion from August 2007 to December 31, 2012, and Transunion Financing Corp. until December 31, 2012.
 From May 2007 to July 2007, he served as a consultant to the board of directors at TransUnion.
 He served as the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion until December 31, 2012.
 He served as the chief executive officer of TransUnion LLC.
 He served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of HSBC Finance Corporation from April 2005 to February 2007.
 He served as chief executive officer and president of TransUnion LLC from 2007 to 2012.
 From 1998 to 2007, he held a variety of positions with HSBC Finance Corporation and HSBC North America Holdings, Inc.
 Mehta served as chief executive officer of HSBC North America until February 2007.
 Mehta served as consultant of TransUnion since May 2007 until July 2007.
 Mehta served as group managing director of HSBC Holdings PLC of HSBC Finance Corp. since April 30, 2005, and its unit chief executive officer since March 2005.
 He served as the chief executive of HS BC North America Holdings Inc., of HSBC Finance Corp., from March 2005 to February 15, 2007.
 He served as an executive chairman of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited since April 2005 and served as its chief executive officer from April 2005 to February 15, 2007.
 He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC Bank USA, N.A. until February 2007.
 He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC North America Holdings Inc. since March 2005.
 He served as chairman and chief executive officer of HSBC Financial Corp., Ltd.
 He oversaw HSBC's global credit card services, its North American consumer lending and mortgage services businesses and its first mortgage operation.
 He was also responsible for corporate marketing, strategic planning and corporate development for HSBC North America Holdings Inc. and had responsibility for the strategic management of credit cards throughout the HSBC Group.
 Mehta served as group executive of Credit Card Services, Auto Finance and Canada of Household International Inc., since July 2002.
 He worked at MasterCard’s U.S. region board since March 2000.
 Mehta joined Household International Inc., in 1998.
 He served as senior vice president of The Boston Consulting Group in Los Angeles and co-leader of Boston Consulting Group Financial Services Practice in the United States.
 Mehta served as a director of Global Board of MasterCard Incorporated since March 17, 2005.
 He served as unit chairman of HSBC Holdings PLC and served as its board member since March 2005.
 He served as vice chairman and director of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited., (Formerly Household International Inc.).
 He has been a director of Avant Credit Corporation since December 18, 2014.
 He has been an independent director of The Allstate Corporation since February 19, 2014.
 He serves as a member of the advisory board at Core2 Group, Inc.
 He has been non-executive independent director at Piramal Enterprises Ltd since April 1, 2013.
 He serves on the boards of Datacard, Chicago Public Education Fund, University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, The Economic Club of Chicago, The Field Museum and Myelin Repair Foundation.
 He serves as a director of TransUnion Corp. and TransUnion LLC.
 He served as a director of MasterCard International Inc. (also known as MasterCard Worldwide) (formerly, MasterCard Inc.), since March 17, 2005.
 He served as a director of HSBC Financial Corp.
 Ltd.
 He has been a director of TransUnion since April 2012.
 Mehta serves on the board of international advisors for the Monterey, California, Institute of International Studies and is a member of the Financial Services Roundtable.
 He also serves on the board of advisors for the Myelin Repair Foundation.
 Mehta holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the London School of Economics and Masters of Business Administration from the University of Chicago.
 He stepped down as head of the North American unit after the lender raised its forecast for bad loans in the U.S.
 He is of Indian descent.
The Powerhouse is a historic building located on the campus of California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California.
 Built from 1908 to 1910, the building was designed by William H. Weeks in the Mission Revival style.
 The Powerhouse was the last of the original buildings at Cal Poly to be constructed; however, it is now the only remaining original building on its campus.
 The building originally served as a power plant run by students and two full-time supervisors; it also held Mechanics and Electrical Engineering classes.
 The Powerhouse stopped generating power in the 1940s and was replaced entirely and abandoned in 1955.
 In 1967, the building found a new use when the school's College of Architecture and Environmental Design decided to hold classes there.
 The college continued to hold classes in the building even after the construction of a new architecture building, and only stopped in 1990 when the school's administration ordered the building to be abandoned.
Le Ménagier de Paris (often abbreviated as Le Ménagier, and meaning ""The Parisian Household Book"") is a French medieval guidebook from 1393 on a woman's proper behaviour in marriage and running a household.
 It includes sexual advice, recipes, and gardening tips.
 Written in the (fictional) voice of an elderly husband addressing his younger wife, the text offers a rare insight into late medieval ideas of gender, household, and marriage.
 Important for its language and for its combination of prose and poetry, the book's central theme is wifely obedience.
Sanheyuan (Chinese: 三合院; pinyin: "sānhéyuàn"; Wade–Giles: "san-ho-yüan") is a historical type of residence that was commonly found throughout China.
 Sanheyuan have structures on three sides of a courtyard, forming an inverted U-shape, resembling the Chinese character 凹 (pinyin: "āo").
 There is normally a wall linking the two forward-thrusting side wings, called 廂房 (pinyin: "xiāngfáng"), similar to the wings of a siheyuan.
 Sanheyuan may be square or rectangular shaped and can be single or multiple-story structures.
 Typically there are three structural divisions within the horizontal building in the U, which is called a "three-jian" building (Chinese: 三間屋; pinyin: "sānjiānwū").
 The purpose of this main building varies by region, but typically consists of a central room serving ceremonial needs flanked on either side by a bedroom.
 The two wings making up the arms of the U may be long or short, according to need, and provide room for kitchens, toilets, storage, and additional bedrooms.
 In Taiwan, the wings of the sanheyuan are called "protecting dragons" (Chinese: 護龍; pinyin: "hùlóng").
 Additional "hulong" would typically be added in pairs, placed parallel to the first set and then duplicated as the household grew.
 The inner pair of "hulong" were traditionally called "inner protectors" (Chinese: 內護; pinyin: "nèihù"), the second pair "outer protectors" (Chinese: 外護; pinyin: "wàihù"), and so on.
The Addams Family is a fictional household created by American cartoonist Charles Addams.
 The Addams Family characters have traditionally included Gomez and Morticia Addams, their children Wednesday and Pugsley, close family members Uncle Fester and Grandmama, their butler Lurch, the disembodied hand Thing, and Gomez's Cousin Itt.
Concealed shoes hidden in the fabric of a building have been discovered in many European countries, as well as in other parts of the world, since at least the early modern period.
 Independent researcher Brian Hoggard has observed that the locations in which these shoes are typically found – in chimneys, under floors, above ceilings, around doors and windows, in the roof – suggest that some may have been concealed as magical charms to protect the occupants of the building against evil influences such as demons, ghosts and witches.
 Others may have been intended to bestow fertility on a female member of the household, or been an offering to a household deity.
