Steven S. Crompton is a Canadian-born artist, author and designer who has worked in the role-playing and comic genres since 1981.
 In the gaming industry he is best known as the artist for the Grimtooth Traps books as well as other "Catalyst" role-playing game supplements, "Tunnels & Trolls" and the "Nuclear War" card game.
Empire of the Petal Throne is a fantasy role-playing game designed by M. A. R. Barker, based on his Tékumel fictional universe, which was self-published in 1974, then published by TSR, Inc. in 1975.
 It was one of the first tabletop role-playing games, along with "Dungeons & Dragons".
 Over the subsequent thirty years, several new games were published based on the Tékumel setting, but to date none have met with commercial success.
 While published as fantasy, the game is sometimes classified as science fantasy or, debatably, as science fiction.
Starfaring is a science fiction role-playing game created by Ken St. Andre and published by Flying Buffalo in August 1976.
The Palladium Fantasy Role-Playing Game (often shortened to Palladium Fantasy or PFRPG) is a game produced by Palladium Books.
 It is set in the Palladium world (use of the unofficial name "Palladia" is discouraged by the publisher) some 10,000 years after a great war between the elves and dwarves.
 First published in July 1983 as "The Palladium Role-Playing Game", the "Palladium Fantasy Role-Playing Game" saw a second edition in April 1996.
 The two are largely compatible, though the second edition uses a later iteration of Palladium's ruleset to be more compatible with the rest of their Megaverse.
Alshard (アルシャード ) is a Japanese role-playing game designed by Jun'ichi Inoue and FarEast Amusement Research.
 It was released in July 2002.
 The current, version 1.5, known as Alshard fortissimo or Alshard ff (アルシャードフォルティッシモ,アルシャードff ) was published in July 2005.
 It is a fantasy role-playing game with mechanical items like as Final Fantasy.
 Alshard's game system is named Standard RPG System (SRS for short) and is used in other games such as Tenra War and Kaze no Stigma RPG and so on.
 SRS including Alshard series is one of the largest role-playing game systems published in Japan.
Boot Hill is a western-themed role-playing game designed by Brian Blume, Gary Gygax, and Don Kaye (although Kaye unexpectedly died before the game was published), and first published in 1975.
 "Boot Hill" was TSR's third role-playing game, appearing not long after "Dungeons & Dragons" and "Empire of the Petal Throne", and taking its name from the popular Wild West term for "cemetery".
 "Boot Hill" was marketed to take advantage of America's love of the western genre.
 The game did feature some new game mechanics, such as the use of percentile dice, but its focus on gunfighting rather than role-playing, as well as the lethal nature of its combat system, limited its appeal.
 "Boot Hill" was issued in three editions over 15 years, but it never reached the same level of popularity as "D&D" and other fantasy-themed role-playing games.
Cutthroat: The Shadow Wars (abbreviated "CTSW") is a fantasy role-playing game designed by Nathan Kaylor and first published by StormWorld Games in 1988.
Forgotten Realms is a campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game.
 Commonly referred to by players and game designers alike as "The Realms", it was created by game designer Ed Greenwood around 1967 as a setting for his childhood stories.
 Several years later, Greenwood brought the setting to the "D&D" game as a series of magazine articles, and the first Realms game products were released in 1987.
 Role-playing game products have been produced for the setting ever since, as have various licensed products including sword and sorcery novels, role-playing video game adaptations (including the first massively multiplayer online role-playing game to use graphics), and comic books.
 The Forgotten Realms is one of the most popular "D&D" settings, largely due to the success of novels by authors such as R. A. Salvatore and numerous role-playing video games, including "Pool of Radiance" (1988), "Eye of the Beholder" (1991), "Baldur's Gate" (1998), "Icewind Dale" (2000) and "Neverwinter Nights" (2002).
Tunnels & Trolls (abbreviated "T&T") is a fantasy role-playing game designed by Ken St. Andre and first published in 1975 by Flying Buffalo.
 The second modern role-playing game published, it was written by Ken St. Andre to be a more accessible alternative to "Dungeons & Dragons" and is suitable for solitaire, group, and play-by-mail gameplay.
"The Sorcerer's Cave, a game of exploration, magic, and adventure", is a fantasy board/card game designed by Terence Peter Donnelly and first published in 1978.
 It was inspired by the fantasy role-playing game "Dungeons & Dragons".
 The game can be played solo or competitively, with player(s) controlling a party of adventurers who explore a multi-level dungeon which is randomly generated by drawing area cards from a deck.
 The party will encounter monsters, allies and treasures, and will ultimately escape with their riches or find their doom.
