The Houston Boychoir is a nonprofit, independent vocal training and music education organization in Greater Houston Texas.
Dominic Walsh Dance Theater (DWDT) is a contemporary dance company based in Houston Texas.
 Started by artistic director and former principal dancer for the Houston Ballet, Dominic Walsh, DWDT ranges from progressive to classical choreography.
Independent Hill is an unincorporated town in Prince William County, Virginia.
 It is located along State Route 234 at the intersection with Joplin Road.
 The only visible remaining businesses seem to be Samsky's Market (also a Citgo gas station) and Crosby's Crab Company.
 In early 2006, a realignment of 234 bypassed the town, leaving it on a side road.
 The greater Independent Hill area is defined by the Census Bureau as a census-designated place (CDP), with a population of 7,419 as of 2010.
Houston Dynamos was a U.S. soccer team that existed in various forms from 1983 to 1991.
 In 1991, the team’s owners changed the name to Houston International, but the team lasted only through the 1992 season before folding.
 The Dynamos were founded by Pete Kane and John M Gaughan.
 The Dynamos were founded with the intention of a continued building of the sport of soccer in Houston Texas.
 The Dynamos were the first team to give contracts to its players based on an entire year not on a season.
 The Houston Dynamos players year round went to parks, schools and events promoting the sport of soccer.
 In 1985 the Dynamos brought Pele to Houston creating great interest in the sport and spreading goodwill.
Francisco Icaza (5 October 1930 – 3 May 2014) was a Mexican artist best known for his drawings about his traveling chronics, and his oil paintings.
 He spent much of his life living and visiting various countries in the world.
 He began painting as a child at the refugee against the bombs in the Mexican embassy in Germany during the rise of nazism, he painted as a posture against the war.
 Icaza exhibited his work both in Mexico and abroad in Europe, South America, Middle East, Asia and India, standing out his three major individual exhibitions at the Museo de Arte Moderno at México city.
 He also painted a mural dedicated to Bertolt Brecht: La Farándula, at the Casino de la Selva in Cuernavaca, a focus of controversy when the work was moved and restored in the early 2000s.
 He painted other murals for the Mexican Pavilion at Hemisfair in Houston Texas: Urban Flowers, for the Mexican Pavilion at Montreal Canada: Canto al Barroco Maya; and, for the Pavilion of México in Osaka: Repressive Computers, this mural is protected at the Abstract Museum Manuel Felguerez in Zacatecas, Zacatecas, and is part of the other murals of Osaka considered as a human patrimony.
 He was an active member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana, and also member and founder of the important artistic movements : Interiorists, Independent Saloon, and Confrontation 66.
State Route 234 (SR 234) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia.
 It runs from U.S. Route 1 near Dumfries via Independent Hill, a bypass of Manassas, and Catharpin to U.S. Route 15 near Woolsey.
Elder William M. Smoot William M. Smoot (about 1848-1938) was a resident of Occoquan, Virginia and for many years was a leading Predestinarian Old School Primitive Baptist preacher in Prince William County.
 He was the preacher of Occoquan (also known as Bacon Race to those outside the membership of those associated with Elder Smoot) and Quantico Baptist churches from 1888 to 1938.
 A GOD-called preacher of the original faith and order of the Baptists in America, Elder Smoot, whose followers were known locally as "Smootites," engaged in a heated rivalry over doctrine and practice as set forth in the Bible(KJV) with the reverend Thomas D.D. Clark, whose Union Baptist Church was located across the road from the Quantico Baptist Church in the village of Independent Hill.
Quantico Creek is a 13.7 mi tidal tributary of the Potomac River in eastern Prince William County, Virginia.
 Quantico Creek rises southeast of Independent Hill, flows through Prince William Forest Park and Dumfries and empties into the Potomac at Possum Point.
State Route 619 is a secondary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia, and traverses Prince William County.
 SR 619 provides a cross-county connector as well as a major artery for commuters.
 SR 619 is known by four names: Linton Hall Road, Bristow Road, Joplin Road, and Fuller Heights Road.
 There are also two short concurrencies: one with SR 234 Old in Independent Hill, and one with Fuller Military Road on the border of Marine Corps Base Quantico.
KHB36 (sometimes referred to as Manassas All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station broadcasting at 162.55 megahertz and transmitting from Independent Hill in central Prince William County, Virginia.
 It covers most of northern Virginia, Washington, D.C., and southern Maryland.
 It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office in Sterling, Virginia.
 The signal reliably covers the Virginia counties of Prince William, Fairfax, Arlington, Loudoun, Fauquier, Rappahannock, Culpeper, Spotsylvania, Caroline, King George, and Stafford.
 Reception is also possible in the Maryland counties of Montgomery, Prince George's, and Charles County, Maryland.
 Additionally, reception is possible but unreliable in the Virginia counties of Clarke, Frederick, Orange, Louisa, Hanover, Essex, Richmond (no relation to the capital city of the state, which is not covered), and Northumberland, plus Calvert County, Maryland and Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
