"The Squirt and the Whale" is the nineteenth episode of "The Simpsons" twenty-first season.
 The 460th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 25, 2010.
 In the episode, the Simpson family attempt to save a beached whale that washed up onshore, only for it to die.
"Judge Me Tender" is the twenty-third episode and season finale of "The Simpsons'" twenty-first season.
 The 464th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 23, 2010.
 In the episode, Moe discovers his talent for judging in competitions and is invited to appear on the show "American Idol".
 Meanwhile, Homer drives Marge crazy when he starts spending too much time at home, and Lisa tries to comfort Santa's Little Helper.
"Put It Down" is the second episode in the twenty-first season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 279th episode of the series overall, it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on September 20, 2017.
"Conjoined Fetus Lady" is the fifth episode in the second season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 18th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on June 3, 1998.
 The episode was written by series co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, along with David R. Goodman, and directed by Parker.
 In the episode, South Park Elementary's dodgeball team travels to China to compete for the dodgeball championship, while the town of South Park pays tribute to the school nurse, who is living with conjoined twin myslexia.
"Chickenlover" is the fourth episode in the second season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 16th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on May 27, 1998.
 The episode was written by series co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, along with David R. Goodman, and directed by Parker.
 In the episode, Officer Barbrady resigns as South Park's only police officer because of his illiteracy.
 Anarchy ensues, just as chickens are mysteriously being molested across South Park.
 Barbrady enlists the help of the boys to learn to read and discover who is molesting the chickens.
 Cartman, meanwhile, masquerades as a police officer.
"White People Renovating Houses" is the first episode in the twenty-first season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 It is the 278th episode of the series overall, and first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on September 13, 2017.
HGTV Design Star season 3 was the third season of the American reality TV home design show HGTV Design Star.
 The season first aired from 8 June to 3 August 2008 on HGTV in 9 weekly episodes.
 The season was hosted by Clive Pearse and the judges were designers Vern Yip and Cynthia Rowley.
 The final challenge involved renovating houses damaged during Hurricane Katrina and the winner was chosen in a vote open to viewers.
 The winner was Jennifer Bertrand, who won her own TV show on HGTV called "Paint-Over!
 with Jennifer Bertrand".
"It's a Jersey Thing" is the ninth episode of the fourteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 204th episode of the series overall.
 It premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 13, 2010.
 In the episode, New Jersey is rapidly taking over the nation one state at a time and their next stop is South Park.
 As the Jerseyites spill into Colorado and approach South Park, the town stands strong against the onslaught.
"Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes" is the ninth episode of the eighth season of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 120th episode of the series overall.
 It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 3, 2004.
 In the episode, a Wall-Mart is built in South Park, and the people start to get addicted to shopping from it, due to its irresistibly attractive bargains, thus leading many businesses in South Park to close down.
 The four boys have to fight against Wall-Mart and to find a way to stop it from taking over the entire town.
"Holiday Special" is the third episode in the twenty-first season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 280th episode of the series overall, it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on September 27, 2017.
