Shaft is the long-standing vehicle of songwriter Robert Cardy (aka Bob Brannigan), original guitarist for the band The Axemen and a stalwart of the New Zealand underground scene.
 When the Axemen took a break in 1992, Cardy was jamming with Axemen drummer Stu Kawowski for a while, and one day bumped into guitarist John Segovia at a gas station.
 Soon after Daniel "Speedy" Mañetto came on board as bass player.
 This original line-up stayed together for around a year or two, and then one by one Segovia, Mañetto and Kawowski departed.
 Cardy then put together a more hard-edged version of Shaft with Tony Rush (bass - moved to Wellington and joined The Users) and Rich Mixture (drums - joined The Rock'n'Roll Machine), with former Axel Grinders guitarist John Segovia (who left to form The Radio Kings) joining soon after.
 Since that time the lineup has changed considerably, with many members coming and going.
 The current lineup includes Cardy as well as all members of The Situations: Glen Casey (keys), Brad Walkington (guitar), Samuel Kett (bass) and Stuart Kett (drums).
John Hatzistergos (born 20 August 1960) is a judge of the District Court of New South Wales.
 He is a former Australian politician who was a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council representing the Australian Labor Party between 1999 and 2011, and a minister in various Labor Governments.
The Smith family is the name of an American family with many members prominent in religion and politics.
 The family's most famous member was Joseph Smith, Jr., founder of the Latter Day Saint movement.
 Many other members of the family took on leadership roles in various churches within the movement.
The Director of Policy Planning is the United States Department of State official in charge of the Department's internal think tank, the Policy Planning Staff.
 In the Department, the Director of Policy Planning has a rank equivalent to Assistant Secretary.
 The position has traditionally been held by many members of the U.S. foreign policy establishment.
 Former Directors of Policy Planning include two National Security Advisors, a President of the World Bank, and several presidents of the prestigious Council on Foreign Relations.
John Townsend (ca. 1608–1668) was an early settler of the American Colonies who emigrated from England about 1630.
 Townsend was a signatory to the Flushing Remonstrance, a precursor to the United States Constitution's provision on freedom of religion in the Bill of Rights.
 Because of religious persecution under the Dutch authorities of New Amsterdam, many members of this family who were Quakers settled in Oyster Bay.
 There is no evidence in either Rhode Island or New York sources that John was a Quaker himself.
 John Townsend arrived in Oyster Bay in 1661 and it was there where he died and was buried in the Townsend Cemetery on his own land.
 Members of his family would go on to be distinguished leaders in the Oyster Bay community and on Long Island for centuries to follow.
The Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland is a learned society based in Ireland, whose aims are 'to preserve, examine and illustrate all ancient monuments and memorials of the arts, manners and customs of the past, as connected with the antiquities, language, literature and history of Ireland'.
 Founded in 1849, it has a countrywide membership from all four provinces of Ireland.
 The affairs of the Society are conducted by the President, Officers and Council, whose services are entirely voluntary.
 Anyone subscribing to the aims of the Society, subject to approval by Council, may be elected to membership.
 Current and past members have included historians, archaeologists and linguists, but the Society firmly believes in the importance of encouraging an informed general public, and many members are non-professionals.
Raya is a private, membership based community for people all over the world to connect and collaborate.
 It launched in March 2015 as an IOS application.
 Early on, many members used the application to meet other members romantically.
 The app describes itself as "A private network for people in creative industries” and in January 2017 the app launched a feature entitled "Work" that allowed members to collaborate on work related projects.
 The app asks members to apply and log in with their Instagram account causing many members to conjecture if admittance is determined by the applicant's Instagram influence and how many active Raya members follow them.
 However, many community members with small Instagram followings seem to contradict this theory and the admittance algorithm remains a mystery.
 It costs $8/month (in US dollars) to be a member of Raya.
All Bengal Teachers Association, a movement of teachers (excluding the Teachers and non-Teaching staff of schools under direct control of Government of West Bengal) in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 ABTA is one, although not the only, teachers and non-teaching staff's wing which is predominantly run by teachers or non-teaching staff of the Government Sponsored/aided schools who are either members or supporters of Communist Party of India (Marxist), though it is not directly affiliated to CPI(M).
 There are many members of this organization who are not in the same political league as CPI(M), still they become member because it is by far the largest Teacher's Body of West Bengal.
 Though not many, but some of the members of ABTA are from Privately managed schools also.
 ABTA is by far the largest teachers organization in the state.It was established in 1921.
 Acharya Prfulla Chandra Roy was the president of the Association at the initial stage.
 Present Secretary of A.B.T.A. is Utpal Roy (as of June 2012).
 Number of members in the government and govt-aided schools of West Bengal are not less than 1,40,000.
This amounts to 70 per cent of the total teachers of the state(i.e.west Bengal)
Inquilabi Communist Sangathan was a Trotskyist organisation in India.
 Formed through the merger of the Communist League and the Bolshevik Leninist Group, it was set up in 1984.
 In the early years it had state units and members in ten provinces of India, and significant mass work.
 From the 1990s, there was a decline, partly because many of its members were unable to do serious teamwork; and partly because the dogmatic style of Magan Desai, a powerful figure in the strongest state unit, Gujarat, clashed with other members who wanted a more open and non-sectarian functioning.
 In addition, many ex-Stalinist and ex-Maoists were recruited, and one faction in West Bengal showed that they had simply replaced the Stalin-Mao cult by the Trotsky cult.
 By the end of the 1990s, the ICS was a much shrunken organisation.
 The final crisis came after the Gujarat carnage of 2002, when a faction around Desai attacked the most well-known anti-communal and civil rights activist members of the party as self-seeking individuals.
 The Conference of 2003 saw Gujarat, led by Desai, rejecting a delegate session, so it was unclear how many members were actually in ICS.
 The West Bengal unit, along with several Gujarat members, left.
 It is uncertain whether Desai had an actual majority with him, but he continued to call his rump organisation ICS.
 Their last public activity was a hostile intervention into the World Social Forum of Mumbai 2004.
 Those who had split subsequently set up an organisation, Radical Socialist.
The first Indian Councils Act of 1861 set up the Madras Legislative Council as an advisory body through which the colonial administration obtained advice and assistance.
 The Act empowered the provincial Governor to nominate four non-English Indian members to the council for the first time.
 Under the Act, the nominated members were allowed to move their own bills and vote on bills introduced in the council.
 However, they were not allowed to question the executive, move resolutions or examine the budget and not interfere with the laws passed by the Central Legislature.
 The Governor was also the president of the Council and he had complete authority over when, where and how long to convene the Council and what to discuss.
 Two members of his Executive Council and the Advocate-General of Madras were also allowed to participate and vote in the Council.
 The Indians nominated under this Act were mostly zamindars and "ryotwari" landowners, who often benefited from their association with the colonial government.
 Supportive members were often re-nominated for several terms.
 G. N. Gajapathi Rao was nominated eight times, Mir Humayun Jah Bahadur was a member for 23 years, T. Rama Rao and P. Chentsal Rao were members for six years each.
 Other prominent members during the period included V. Bhashyam Aiyangar, S. Subramania Iyer and C. Sankaran Nair.
 The Council met infrequently and in some years (1874 and 1892) was not convened even once.
 The maximum of number of times it met in a year was eighteen.
 The Governor preferred to convene the Council at his summer retreat Udagamandalam, much to the displeasure of the Indian members.
 The few times when the Council met, it was for only a few hours with bills and resolutions being rushed through.
