Pico Peak is a mountain located in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.
 It is the northernmost summit of the Coolidge Range in the Green Mountains, and the second highest in the Coolidge Range after Killington Peak.
 Pico Peak is flanked to the south by Ramshead Peak, and to the north faces Deer Leap Mountain across Sherburne Pass.
 The peak's name may stem from the Abenaki for "the pass/opening" or indeed from the Spanish or Portuguese word for "peak", "Pico".
 Seen from Sherburne Pass the summit resembles a cone.
 "Pico Peak" appears on the 1869 Beers Atlas of Rutland County, Walling's 1860 Map of the State of Vermont and Chace's 1854 Map of Rutland County (albeit reversed with Killington Peak).
Sangemarmar Sar (Urdu: سنگ مرمر سر‎ ), or Sangemar Mar and Sang-e-Marmar, is a pyramidal peak in the Batura Muztagh, at the end of a spur ridge running southwest from Pasu Sar in Pakistan.
 It lies between the Muchuhar Glacier, on the west, and the Shispare (or Hasanabad) Glacier on the east.
Rongme Ngatra is the highest peak of the Chola Mountains in the Kham region of western Sichuan, China.
 The peak's name in Mandarin Chinese is Que Er Shan () also the same name as the entire range, which has led to some translations of the mountain peak to Chola Mountain.
 At 6,168 m , the mountain is the highest peak in the Chola Mountains, as well as the second highest in the greater Shaluli Mountains after Ge'nyen.
 The mountain peak is flanked by glaciers to the north and east.
 The north glacier terminates at 4,100 m above sea level, just above the nearby lake Yihun Lhatso.
 Rongme Ngatra can be accessed from the town of Manigango in Dege County, Garze Prefecture.
Hamlin Peak is a 4756 ft mountain located in Baxter State Park in Piscataquis County, Maine.
 Hamlin Peak is a northern spur of the greater Mount Katahdin massif and is flanked to the south by Baxter Peak, and to the north by the Howe Peaks.
 Since it rises nearly 500 ft above the col joining it to the higher Baxter Peak, Hamlin Peak qualifies as a four-thousand footer based on the topographic prominence criterion used by the Appalachian Mountain Club, and is ranked as the second-highest peak in Maine.
The Annapurna Circuit is a trek within the Annapurna mountain range of central Nepal.
 The total length of the route varies between 160–230 km (100-145 mi), depending on where motor transportation is used and where the trek is ended.
 The trek rises to an altitude of 5,416m on the Thorung La pass, touching the edge of the Tibetan plateau.
 This trek crosses two different river valleys and encircles the Annapurna massif, crossing Thorung La (5416m/17769 ft), the highest pass on this trek.
 Practically all trekkers hike the route anticlockwise, as this way the daily altitude gain is slower, and crossing the high Thorong La pass is easier and safer.
 The mountain scenery, seen at close quarters includes the Annapurna Massif (Annapurna I-IV), Dhaulagiri, Machhapuchhre, Manaslu, Gangapurna, Tilicho Peak, Pisang Peak, and Paungda Danda.
 Numerous other peaks of 6000-8000m in elevation rise from the Annapurna range.
Himalchuli is the second highest mountain in the Mansiri Himal, part of the Nepalese Himalayas.
 It lies south of Manaslu, one of the Eight-thousanders. Himalchuli has three main peaks: East (7893 m), West (7540 m) and North (7371 m).
 It is also often written as two words, "Himal Chuli".
Ngadi Chuli (also known as Peak 29, Dakura, Dakum, or Dunapurna) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal (or Manaslu Himal), also known as the Gurkha Massif, in Nepal.
 It is flanked by Manaslu to the north and Himalchuli to the south.
Singu Chuli (also known as Fluted Peak) is one of the trekking peaks in the Nepali Himalaya range.
 The peak is located just west of Ganggapurna in the Annapurna Himal.
 A climbing permit from the NMA costs $350 USD for a team of up to four members.
 The peak requires ice climbing equipment.
Tharpu Chuli or Tent Peak is one of the trekking peaks in the Nepali Himalaya range.
 The peak has a nice central position in the Annapurna range.
 It is easier to climb than both Hiunchuli and Singu Chuli which also are trekking peaks of the Annapurna.
 The ascent requires ice climbing equipment.
 A climbing permit from the NMA costs $350 USD for a team of up to four members.
Russell Reginald Brice (born 3 July 1952) is a New Zealand mountaineer.
 He is also the owner/manager of Himalayan Experience Ltd., a climbing expedition company.
 He has summited Cho Oyu seven times, Himal Chuli and Mount Everest twice, as well as Manaslu in October 2010, which was his 14th summit of an 8000 m peak.
