Newington is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.
 The population was 753 at the 2010 census.
 It is bounded to the west by Great Bay, northwest by Little Bay and northeast by the Piscataqua River.
 It is home to Portsmouth International Airport at Pease (formerly Pease Air Force Base), and to the New Hampshire National Guard.
 The 110 acre Old Town Center Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Sturgeon Bay Bridge (known as the Michigan Street Bridge) is a historic bridge in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, United States.
 The bridge was built in 1929 and opened July 4, 1931, with a grand parade where it was officially dedicated as a Door County Veterans Memorial which plaques at either end still reads "To honor those who gave of themselves, to their country, in times of need" as a gift by the State of Wisconsin.
 The bridge carried Maple and Michigan Streets traffic, which was signed as Wisconsin Business Highway 42/57.
 The Sturgeon Bay Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 17, 2008.
 In September 2008, the bridge was closed to allow restoration work after the opening of a new parallel bridge nearby, and was reopened in the spring of 2011.
Little Bay is a town located in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
 Its current population is about 166 people.
 It is located in Green Bay, which is part of Notre Dame Bay, which is located in the central part of Newfoundland and Labrador.
 Some towns near Little Bay include Beachside, St Patrick's, Little Bay Islands, and the main center for Green Bay, Springdale.
Brentwood is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the town had a total population of 4,486.
 Brentwood has been the county seat of Rockingham County since 1997.
 It is drained by the Piscassic, Little and Exeter rivers.
The Dan River flows 214 mi in the U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia.
 It rises in Patrick County, Virginia, and crosses the state border into Stokes County, North Carolina.
 It then flows into Rockingham County.
 From there it goes back into Virginia.
 It reenters North Carolina near the border between Caswell County and Rockingham County.
 It flows into northern Caswell County and then back into southern Virginia and finally into Kerr Reservoir on the Roanoke River.
Great Bay is a tidal estuary located in Strafford and Rockingham counties in eastern New Hampshire, United States.
 The bay occupies over 6000 acre , not including its several tidal river tributaries.
 Its outlet is at Hilton Point in Dover, New Hampshire, where waters from the bay flow into the Piscataqua River, thence proceeding southeast to the Atlantic Ocean near Portsmouth.
 The northern end of the bay, near its outlet, is referred to as Little Bay.
The Oyster River is a 17 mi river in Strafford County, southeastern New Hampshire, United States.
 It rises in Barrington, flows southeast to Lee, then east-southeast in a serpentine course past Durham to meet the entrance of Great Bay into Little Bay.
 The bays are tidal inlets of the Atlantic Ocean, to which they are connected by a tidal estuary, the Piscataqua River.
 The freshwater portion of the river is 14.1 mi long, and the tidal river extends 2.9 mi from Durham to Great Bay.
The Irondequoit Bay Bridge is a 2375.36 ft continuous truss bridge spanning Irondequoit Bay in eastern Monroe County, New York, in the United States.
 It is 87 ft wide and carries the six-lane New York State Route 104 (NY 104) from the town of Irondequoit on the west side of the bay to the town of Webster on the bay's east side.
 The western approach is just east of NY 104's interchange with NY 590.
 The bay bridge was built in 1967, has nine spans and handles an average of 67,229 vehicles per day as of 2006.
The Little Bay Bridge is a twin-span girder bridge that carries a concurrency of U.S. Route 4, NH Route 16, and the Spaulding Turnpike across the mouth of Little Bay, where it meets the Piscataqua River, between the city of Dover and the town of Newington in New Hampshire.
Harrisonburg is an independent city in the Shenandoah Valley region of the U.S. state of Virginia.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 48,914, with a census-estimated 2016 population of 53,078.
 Harrisonburg is the county seat of the surrounding Rockingham County, although the two are separate jurisdictions.
 The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Harrisonburg with Rockingham County for statistical purposes into the Harrisonburg, Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a 2011 estimated population of 126,562.
