Marc Louis "Eckō" Milecofsky (born August 29, 1972) is an American fashion designer, entrepreneur, and artist.
 He is the founder and Chief Creative Officer of Ecko Unlimited, a billion-dollar global fashion company.
 He also founded "Complex" magazine in 2002.
Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known as Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion designer, businesswoman, and writer.
 She is best known for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
 Zoe has been involved in the fashion industry for nearly two decades and has become a renowned stylist and designer .
 She is known for her extensive influence in the fashion world and for her A-list clients.
 In 2008, the first season of her Bravo reality television series "The Rachel Zoe Project" debuted.
"Sneakernight" is a song by American pop singer Vanessa Hudgens.
 It is the only single from her second album, "Identified".
 Produced by J. R. Rotem, it was available on iTunes on May 27, 2008.
 The song and it's accompanying music video were used for an Ecko Unlimited commercial.
Yakira, L.L.C., doing business as Ecko Unlimited (stylized as Eckō Unltd.)
, is an American urban fashion company founded by Marc Ecko in 1993.
 The company makes apparel and accessories under brands including the men's Ecko Unltd.
 line and the Ecko Red line for girls and women.
 It is headquartered in South River, New Jersey.
 The company's products have been popular since the late 1990s; they were originally associated with hip-hop and skating culture, and moved into the mainstream urban culture in the early 2000s.
 It is most often associated with hip hop.
 The style is based on graffiti art.
 Its brand features a rhino as its logo.
Valene Maharaj (born April 25, 1986) was the Miss Trinidad and Tobago World 2007 title holder, and Miss World of the Caribbean for 2007.
 She has been active in the fashion business since she was sixteen years old.
 Her modelling career started when she won the Caribbean Model Search, which took her to Jamaica in 2003 for Jamaica's Fashion Week.
 Since then she's done advertising campaigns for Micles, modelled in shows for local designers like Peter Elias and Meiling.
Norman David Levinson (April 20, 1900 – October 25, 1972) known professionally as Norman Norell, was an American fashion designer famed for his elegant gowns, suits, and tailored silhouettes.
 His designs for the Traina-Norell and Norell fashion houses became famous for their detailing, simple, timeless designs, and tailored construction.
 By the mid-twentieth century Norell dominated the American fashion industry and in 1968 he became the first American fashion designer to launch his own brand of perfume.
Mimi Fayazi (born August 10, 1947) is an American fashion designer, known for bringing the skirt back to the fashion industry in the 1970s.
 Mimi was born in Persia and came to New York in 1967 to study fashion at the Mayer School of Fashion Design.
 Fayazi began designing in New York, and then started Mimi Fayazi Designs in 1974 in Los Angeles, with the Fayazi Couture, Miss Fayazi Dresses, and Mimi Fayazi Sportswear labels.
 Her style was distinctly feminine, while also drawing on the classic influences of the 1930's and 1940's.
 Besides being known for her design and fabrication, her clothing was also intended to transition easily from day time to evening wear.
 Her clothing, considered creative and sophisticated, sold in specialty and department stores, including Saks, Lord & Taylor, and Bergdorf Goodman, and were worn by many actresses, including Ali MacGraw and Candice Bergen.
 In 1978, Fayazi won 2 Tommy Awards from the American Printed Fabrics Council, Inc. for her designs.
Droga5 is a New York City-based global advertising agency with an additional office in London.
 The agency works across all platforms including, broadcast, print, digital and social, experiential and out-of-home.
 Some of Droga5’s most recognizable work includes campaigns for "The New York Times", Marc Ecko, Newcastle Brown Ale, Android and Under Armour.
Kimberly Hendrix was an American fashion designer in St. Petersburg, Florida.
 She became a fashion designer in 2007 after working as an interior designer, vintage collector, and seamstress.
 she codesigned co-design a full runway collection for fall 2008 Mercedes Benz Fashion Week and appeared on the TLC reality series "Bikini or Bust".
 Her work included bustiers and dresses and features beading, embroidery, and "raw" edging.
 She used reclaimed or recycled vintage materials.
 Hendrix had a K.Hendrix showroom in downtown St. Petersburg.
 "Work hard and be kind."
Marc Eckō's Getting Up: Contents Under Pressure is a video game released in February 2006 for PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Windows.
 It was developed by The Collective and published by Atari, Inc. under license by Ecko Unlimited.
 There were two editions of the game, one being a limited edition and the other being the normal release.
 The game was later re-published by Devolver Digital in December 2013 on Steam.
