ACS Macro Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society.
 The journal is available exclusively online.
 The first monthly issue was published in January 2012; however, Articles ASAP began appearing on the journal's website in the Fall of 2011.
 "ACS Macro Letters" was developed to complement "Macromolecules", the leading journal in polymer science.
 As reported in the Thomson Reuters 2010 Journal Citation Reports®, "Macromolecules" ranks #1 in total citations in the category of Polymer Science, with more than twice the number of citations as the #2 journal in the category.
 "Macromolecules" received a 2010 ISI Impact Factor of 4.838.
 With the launch of "ACS Macro Letters", all Communications to the Editor that were formerly published in "Macromolecules" will be published as Letters in "ACS Macro Letters".
 Researchers should turn to "ACS Macro Letters" for reports of early, urgent results in polymer science and to "Macromolecules" for more detailed discussions of comprehensive research findings.
PLOS ONE (originally "PLoS ONE") is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by the Public Library of Science (PLOS) since 2006.
 The journal covers primary research from any discipline within science and medicine.
 Operating under a pay-to-publish model, "PLOS ONE" publishes approximately 50% of submitted manuscripts.
 All submissions go through a pre-publication review by a member of the board of academic editors, who can elect to seek an opinion from an external reviewer.
 According to the journal, papers are not to be excluded on the basis of lack of perceived importance or adherence to a scientific field.
 Although the number of submissions decreased from 2013 to 2014, "PLOS ONE" remained the world’s largest journal by number of papers published (about 30,000 a year, or 85 papers per day).
 Numbers decreased further to 22,000 published papers in 2016,
The Fordham Environmental Law Review is a triannual law journal published by students at Fordham University School of Law, addressing topics in environmental law, legislation, and public policy.
 It was established in 1989 as the Fordham Environmental Law Report and changed in 1993 to the Fordham Environmental Law Journal.
 In 2004, the journal obtained its current name and has established itself as one of the most prestigious journals at Fordham University School of Law.
 The journal sponsors an annual symposium.
 Notably, the law journal is the only law journal at Fordham University School of Law that allows first year law students to apply during their fall semester to become staff members of the law journal.
 This allows first year law students to gain a competitive advantage when seeking out internships, while learning the unique skills required of staff members of a law journal.
 The current Editor-in-Chief is Natalie Jensen, the Managing Editor is Vincent Nguyen, and the Executive Editor is Jenna Carroll.
The Raffles Bulletin of Zoology is a scientific journal published by the Raffles Museum of Biodiversity Research in Singapore.
 It publishes papers on the taxonomy, ecology, and conservation of Southeast Asian fauna.
 Two regular issues are published each year.
 Supplements are published as and when funding permits and may cover topics that extend beyond the normal scope of the journal depending on the targets of the funding agency.
 It is currently a hybrid open access journal with most of the papers published available online.
 In time, all papers published by the "Raffles Bulletin of Zoology" will be made freely accessible to all.
 The journal is largely supported by funding from the Faculty of Science, National University of Singapore.
Geophysical Journal International is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society and the Deutsche Geophysikalische Gesellschaft (German Geophysical Society).
 The journal published original research papers, research notes, letters, and book reviews.
 It was established in 1922.
 The editor-in-chief is Jeannot Trampert (Utrecht University).
 The journal covers research on all aspects of geophysics, including planetary science.
Le Naturaliste Canadien is a Canadian French-language peer-reviewed scientific journal published semiannually by the Société Léon-Provancher d'Histoire Naturelle du Canada.
 The journal publishes articles on all topics of natural sciences with a specific focus on ecology and conservation biology in Quebec.
 The journal also acts as the official publication of the society.
 The journal is the oldest scientific publication in French in North America and one of the oldest scientific journals still in publication in Canada.
In academic publishing, a scientific journal is a periodical publication intended to further the progress of science, usually by reporting new research.
 Articles in scientific journals are mostly written by active scientists such as students, researchers and professors instead of professional journalists.
 There are thousands of scientific journals in publication, and many more have been published at various points in the past (see list of scientific journals).
 Most journals are highly specialized, although some of the oldest journals such as "Nature" publish articles and scientific papers across a wide range of scientific fields.
 Scientific journals contain articles that have been peer reviewed, in an attempt to ensure that articles meet the journal's standards of quality, and scientific validity.
 Although scientific journals are superficially similar to professional magazines, they are actually quite different.
 Issues of a scientific journal are rarely read casually, as one would read a magazine.
 The publication of the results of research is an essential part of the scientific method.
 If they are describing experiments or calculations, they must supply enough details that an independent researcher could repeat the experiment or calculation to verify the results.
 Each such journal article becomes part of the permanent scientific record.
Philosophical Transactions, titled Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society (Phil.
 Trans.)
 from 1776, is a scientific journal published by the Royal Society.
 In its earliest days, it was a private venture of the Royal Society's secretary.
 It became an official society publication in 1752.
 It was established in 1665, making it the first journal in the world exclusively devoted to science, and therefore also the world's longest-running scientific journal.
 The use of the word "Philosophical" in the title refers to "natural philosophy", which was the equivalent of what would now be generally called "science".
Behavior Genetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media that is devoted to "research in the inheritance of behavior".
 It is the official journal of the Behavior Genetics Association.
 The journal was established in 1971 with Steven G. Vandenberg as its founding editor-in-chief.
 The abstracts of the annual meetings are printed in the journal.
 Each year, the editorial board chooses a particularly meritorious paper in the previous year's volume of the journal for the Fulker Award, acknowledged by "$1000 and a good bottle of wine" as well as a citation made in the journal.
 This award was created in the honor of David Fulker, a past president of the Behavior Genetics Association (1982) and former editor-in-chief of the journal.
Bosque is a scientific journal published by the Forestry Faculty of the Southern University of Chile.
 It publishes articles on a wide range of forestry-related topics, primarily on issues that are relevant to Chile, Latin America and the Southern Hemisphere.
 The published articles include peer-reviewed scientific research papers, items of current interest and opinion pieces.
 "Bosque's" first issue was published in 1975 and the journal was issued yearly until 1985.
 From 1985 to 2003 it was issued twice a year and from 2003 on three times a year.
 The topics covered in "Bosque" are management and production of forestry resources, wood science and technology, silviculture, forest ecology, natural resources conservation, and rural development associated with forest ecosystems.
 The journal publishes research articles, notes and opinions, both in Spanish and English.
 "Bosque" was included in the Science Citation Index Expanded in 2009.
 The journal is also indexed in "The Zoological Record".
