The Naked Brothers Band: Music from the Movie is an EP/soundtrack by The Naked Brothers Band for "".
 It was released as an extra disc on the Naked Brothers Band Movie DVD.
 The disc was only available with the DVD for a short time only and now is only available to buy on Amazon.
 It was not an official release and has not yet been released separately, or on The iTunes Store.
 The first single "Crazy Car" charted on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2007 at No. 83.
Nathaniel Marvin "Nat" Wolff (born December 17, 1994) is an American actor, singer-songwriter, and musician.
 Wolff gained recognition for composing the music for "The Naked Brothers Band" (2007–09), a Nickelodeon television series he starred in with his younger brother Alex that was created by their actress mother Polly Draper.
 Wolff's jazz pianist father Michael Wolff co-produced the series' soundtrack albums, "The Naked Brothers Band" (2007) and "I Don't Want to Go to School" (2008); the former of which ranked the 23rd spot on the "Billboard" 200 charts.
The Naked Brothers Band is a soundtrack album by The Naked Brothers Band for Season 1 of The Naked Brothers Band television series.
 The album was also released as a deluxe fanpack that includes a poster, lyrics & 2 bonus tracks.
Alexander "Alex" Draper Wolff (born November 1, 1997) is an American actor, musician, and composer.
 He first gained recognition for starring alongside his older brother Nat in the Nickelodeon musical comedy television series "The Naked Brothers Band" (2007–09), which was created by the boys' mother Polly Draper.
 Wolff and his brother released two soundtrack albums for the series, "The Naked Brothers Band" and "I Don't Want to Go to School", which were co-produced by their father Michael Wolff.
The Naked Brothers Band: The Video Game is a 2008 multiplatform video game developed by Barking Lizards Technologies, with 1st Playable Productions developing the DS title, and published by THQ.
 The game is based on, and includes songs by, The Naked Brothers Band.
 The game was also going to be on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PSP but got cancelled after development.
Mystery Girl is a rock-mockumentary musical comedy.
 It's the first and second The Naked Brothers Band episode of Season 3, and TV movie on Nickelodeon.
 It has premiered on October 18, 2008.
 This episode was the highest rated Naked Brothers Band episode ever with more than 4 million viewers.
I Don't Want To Go To School is the second soundtrack album by The Naked Brothers Band, it was the soundtrack for the second season of The Naked Brothers Band.
 The album was released as a deluxe fanpack that includes a poster, lyrics and two bonus tracks.
"The Premiere" is the eighth TV movie on the part documentary and part rock-mockumentary musical comedy series "The Naked Brothers Band," which was created by Polly Draper.
 "The Premiere" aired on Saturday, April 11, 2009.
 The premise of "The Premiere" is that The Naked Brothers Band "Musical Mystery Movie" premieres.
 It also features guest appearances by Victoria Justice from "Zoey 101".
Nat and Alex Wolff are an American pop music duo from New York, New York, consisting of brothers Nat and Alex Wolff.
 The siblings are known for their work on the Nickelodeon television series "The Naked Brothers Band", which was created and produced by their mother, actress Polly Draper.
 It was adapted from the mockumentary film that Draper wrote and directed.
 The duo's initial teen pop boy band called "The Naked Brothers Band" was depicted as part of its participation in their Nickelodeon series that aired from 2007 to 2009.
 They have released four full-length albums and have been nominated for several awards.
Operation Mojo is part documentary and part rock-mockumentary musical comedy of the TEENick series The Naked Brothers Band.
 It's the sixth television movie of "The Naked Brothers Band", and the second of season 3.
 The movie aired on Nickelodeon on November 22, 2008
