Matthew "Matt" Saracen is a fictional character in the NBC/DirecTV (The 101 Network) television drama series "Friday Night Lights" portrayed by the actor, Zach Gilford.
 He is the former back-up quarterback of the Dillon High School Panthers before being thrust into the starting spotlight after Jason Street suffers a career-ending injury.
 His character is based on Mike Winchell from the source novel and the 2004 film "Friday Night Lights".
John Zinman is a film and television writer and producer.
 He has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights".
 He often works with writing partner Patrick Massett.
 He has been nominated for four Writers Guild of America (WGA) Awards for his work on "Friday Night Lights".
Friday Night Lights is the soundtrack for the television series "Friday Night Lights", a program inspired by the film of the same name.
The New CBS Tuesday Night Movies (known as The New CBS Friday Night Movies in its first season) was a weekly 90 minute motion picture, that was made expressly for television.
 The series aired on CBS from 1971 to 1974.
 During its first two seasons, the program was similar to ABC's "Movie of the Week", in which there was presented a brand new, full-length feature film; premiering in a repeating television series-like timeslot, once each week, and where there was no connecting theme or arc (drama, mystery, comedy, etc.,) between the films.
 In the fall of 1972, the series moved from Friday nights to Tuesdays, with its Friday night slot given back to traditional previously released theatrical films under "The CBS Friday Night Movies" banner.
 ("The New CBS Friday Night Movies" replaced "The CBS Friday Night Movies" during its first season.)
Elizabeth Heldens is a television producer and writer.
 She is the creator of "Deception", a drama on NBC which premiered on January 7, 2013.
 She has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights".
 She was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series at the February 2007 ceremony for her work on the first season of "Friday Night Lights".
 She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series the following year at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the second season of "Friday Night Lights".
 Heldens was nominated for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights".
 She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Drama Series for the third consecutive year at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the fourth season.
Friday Night Lights is the third official mixtape from Fayetteville, North Carolina rapper J. Cole.
 It was released on November 12, 2010.
 The mixtape was to originally be called Villematic and contain J. Cole's previous leaks and freestyles, however, Cole later stated it would have original material.
 The mixtape became the second most searched and trending topics on Google and Twitter respectively following its release.
 Most songs on the mixtape were slated to be on his debut album at one point or another.
 The mixtape has been viewed over 4,470,000 times, streamed over 1,280,000 times, and downloaded over 1,700,000 times on mixtape site DatPiff.
 On June 26, 2013 Cole announced that he would be re-releasing "The Warm Up" and "Friday Night Lights" for retail sale, in order to give them the push they deserved.
Friday Night Lights is the soundtrack for the 2004 film "Friday Night Lights", mostly written by post-rock band Explosions in the Sky in June and August 2004.
 It also features music by Daniel Lanois, Bad Company, and David Torn.
Brian "Smash" Williams is a fictional character in the NBC/DirecTV(The 101 Network) drama television series "Friday Night Lights" portrayed by actor Gaius Charles.
 He is the starting running back of the Dillon High School Panthers.
 Considered the most talented player on the roster after quarterback Jason Street, Smash received his nickname from his father after hitting a water heater.
 Smash is believed to be based on Boobie Miles from the "Friday Night Lights" book and film.
Timothy "Tim" Riggins is a character in sports drama "Friday Night Lights", portrayed by actor Taylor Kitsch.
 Tim Riggins is the fullback/running back of the Dillon Panthers in the television series.
 His character is similar to Don Billingsley from the original novel and 2004 film "Friday Night Lights".
Jason Gavin is a television writer.
 He has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights" as a writer.
 He was nominated for a Writers Guild of America (WGA) Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights".
 He was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Drama Series for a second consecutive year at the February 2010 ceremony for his work on the fourth season.
