SriLankan Airlines, is the flag carrier of Sri Lanka.
 Launched in 1979, the airline’s hub is located at Bandaranaike International Airport in Colombo, providing connections to its global route network of 96 destinations in 46 countries (including codeshare operations along with its partner OneWorld airlines).
 The following is a list of destinations served by SriLankan Airlines, as of May 2017.
 The list includes the city and country name; the airport codes of the International Air Transport Association (IATA airport code) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO airport code); the airport name.
Following is a list of destinations Viasa flew to as part of its scheduled destinations.
 Each city is provided with the name of the country, the name of the airport served, and both its International Air Transport Association (IATA) three-letter designator (IATA airport code) and International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) four-letter designator (ICAO airport code).
 Hubs and destinations served at the time of closure are also marked.
This is a list of cities Ariana Afghan Airlines flies to.
 The list includes the city and country name; the airport codes of the International Air Transport Association (IATA airport code) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO airport code); the airport name.
 Additionally, there are labels for airports that are the airline's hub and stations that have been terminated as well as future routes (as of August 2014):
Turkish Airlines flies to 47 domestic and 225 international destinations in 117 countries, excluding those only served by Turkish Airlines Cargo.
 Following is a list of destinations Turkish Airlines and Turkish Airlines Cargo fly to as part of scheduled services, as of 2017 .
 The list includes the city, country, the codes of the International Air Transport Association (IATA airport code) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO airport code), and the airport's name, with the airline's hub, focus airports, cargo services, future and terminated destinations marked.
Air Lituanica was a Lithuanian airline headquartered in Vilnius and based at Vilnius Airport.
 It ceased operations in  2015 (2015-) .
Vilnius Airport Railway Station is a railway station in Vilnius International Airport, Lithuania, which was opened on 2 October 2008.
 As for 2017, railbuses running between Vilnius airport and Vilnius central station being the only passenger service of the station are the fastest (8 minutes) and the cheapest (66 eurocents) way to go from the airport to the city centre, but there are only 16 trains during the day with intervals from 35 minutes to 2 hours 15 minutes.
 Vilnius airport is the only airport in the Baltic states to have a direct rail connection with the city center.
Vilnius Airport (IATA: VNO, ICAO: EYVI) (Lithuanian: "Vilniaus oro uostas" ) is the international airport of Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania.
 It is located 5.9 km south of the city.
 It is the largest of the four commercial airports in Lithuania by passenger traffic.
 Today, Vilnius Airport is one of the fastest-growing airports in Europe.
 With one runway and about 3.8 million passengers a year, Vilnius International Airport serves as a base for Ryanair, Wizz Air and Small Planet Airlines.
The list includes the city, country, the codes of the International Air Transport Association (IATA airport code) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO airport code), and the airport's name, with the airline's hubs marked.
 The list also contains the beginning and end year of services, with destinations marked if the services was not continual and if they are seasonal, and for dates which occur in the future.
The list shows airports that are served by XiamenAir as part of its scheduled services (as of July 2016).
 The list includes the city, country, the codes of the International Air Transport Association (IATA airport code) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO airport code), and the airport's name, with the airline's hubs and focus cities marked.
Kaunas International Airport (Lithuanian: "Kauno tarptautinis oro uostas" ), (IATA: KUN, ICAO: EYKA) is the second-busiest civil airport in Lithuania after Vilnius Airport and the fourth-busiest in the Baltic states.
 The airport is located in the central part of the country, 14 km northeast of the Kaunas city centre and 100 km west from the capital Vilnius.
