The Too Close for Comfort Site is an archaeological site located in Havre, Montana, United States.
 The area was used as a buffalo jump.
 The site, also known as Wahkpa Chu'gn has yielded artifacts from three Native American groups.
The Glenrock Buffalo Jump is a 40 ft high bluff in Converse County, Wyoming that was used by Native Americans as a buffalo jump.
 Bison were driven over the edge of the escarpment and were killed or injured by the fall, allowing the hunters to collect large quantities of meat at little hazard to themselves.
 Large amounts of buffalo bone and articles left by the hunters remain at the site, which was used from about 400 to 1750.
Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump is a buffalo jump located where the foothills of the Rocky Mountains begin to rise from the prairie 18 km northwest of Fort Macleod, Alberta, Canada on highway 785.
 It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and home of a museum of Blackfoot culture.
 Joe Crowshoe Sr. {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (1903 - 1999) – "Aapohsoy’yiis" (Weasel Tail) – a ceremonial Elder of the Piikani Nation in southern Alberta, was instrumental in the development of the site.
 The Joe Crow Shoe Sr.
 Lodge is dedicated to his memory.
 He dedicated his life to preserving Aboriginal culture and promoting the relationship between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal people and in 1998 was awarded the National Aboriginal Achievement Award for "saving the knowledge and practices of the Blackfoot people."
Madison Buffalo Jump State Park is a Montana state park in Gallatin County, Montana in the United States.
 The park is 638 acre and sits at an elevation of 4554 ft .
 The park is named for a canyon cliff used by Native Americans as a buffalo jump, where herds of bison were stampeded over the cliff as an efficient means of slaughter.
 Madison Buffalo Jump State Park is a day use-only park.
 It is open year-round for hiking, wildlife observation, and some picnicking.
Getting Married in Buffalo Jump is a 1990 Canadian TV movie filmed in Alberta, Canada.
 In specific Cowley, Lundbreck, and Pincher Creek.
 It was directed by Eric Till and stars Wendy Crewson and Paul Gross.
First Peoples Buffalo Jump State Park is a Montana state park in Cascade County, Montana in the United States.
 The park is 1481 acre and sits at an elevation of 3773 ft .
The Vore Buffalo Jump is an archeological site in Crook County, Wyoming.
 A sinkhole, formed where gypsum soil was eroded, leaving a steep-sided pit about 40 ft deep and 200 ft in diameter.
 Native American hunters could stampede bison in the direction of the pit, which was deep enough to kill or disable the animals that were driven into it.
 The location is one of a number of buffalo jump sites in the north central United States and southern Canada.
 The Vore site was used as a kill site and butchering site from about 1500 AD to about 1800 AD.
 Archeological investigations in the 1970s uncovered bones and projectile points to a depth of 15 ft .
 About ten tons of bones were removed from the site.
 About five percent of the site has been excavated, and the pit is estimated to contain the remains of 20,000 buffalo.
"Getting Married Today" is a patter song from the musical "Company" (1970) with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim.
 It is sung by the manic Amy, as the thought of marriage sends her into a panic on the day of her wedding.
 It is often misreferred to as "Not Getting Married Today".
Ganbarion (ガンバリオン "Ganbarion") is a Japanese video game company founded on August 13, 1999.
 Their function is the planning/development of home video game software.
 Two of Ganbarion's major clients are Bandai Namco Entertainment and Nintendo.
 Their most notable works are the "Jump Stars" series of games, such as "Jump Super Stars", "Jump Ultimate Stars" and "Pandora's Tower".
 They also co-developed "Wii Fit U" with Nintendo EAD.
Yasmin's Getting Married was a short-lived Australian reality television program that aired live on Network Ten in early August 2006.
 It was based on the successful Scandinavian show "Kerry's Getting Married", which revolves around a single woman's quest to find a partner and get married.
 It was produced by "Screentime", which purchased the format from "Strix Television".
