SEOUL International Women’s Film Festival (SIWFF, previously International Women's Film Festival in Seoul, IWFFIS) first took place on April 1, 1997, which marked the second appearance of the international film festival in Korea following Busan International Film Festival launched in 1996.
 This was the time when there was no clear idea about how to define a film festival.
 At that time, SEOUL International Women’s Film Festival came up with a catchphrase See the world through women’s eyes, setting its main goal to introduce women’s films that explore the “women’s reality from the women’s perspectives”.
 Featuring films by women, for women, and of women, the 1st edition of SEOUL International Film Festival received a number of positive reviews from the audience, which was never anticipated this much.
 Thanks to continuous support from the audience, SEOUL International Film Festival that used to be happening every other year has become an annual event since the 3rd edition in 2001.
 For the 6th edition in 2004, SEOUL International Women’s Film Festival looked for changes by relocating the festival office and venues to Sinchon, the street of youth and culture.
 For the 9th edition in 2007, the Queer Rainbow section was first introduced, presenting films about life and culture of gender minorities.
 In order to go beyond the gender boundaries based on biological sex and to reach out for solidarity, SEOUL International Women’s Film Festival newly created the Open Cinema section encompassing feminist films made by male directors.
 Now in 2015, SEOUL International Film Festival attempts to build its new festival identity and become a cultural platform more approachable for a wide variety of audiences by changing the official English title of the festival from International Women’s Film Festival in Seoul to SEOUL International Women’s Film Festival as well as by retouching the festival logo used for last 17 years.
The Gardener (Persian: باغبان‎ ‎ , "Bāghbān") is a poetic film by Mohsen Makhmalbaf.
 It had its Asian premiere at Busan International Film Festival, its European premiere at Rotterdam International Film Festival, and North American premiere at the Vancouver International Film Festival.
 It is the first film in decades to be made by an Iranian filmmaker in Israel.
 The film has been shown in more than 20 film festivals and won the Best Documentary award from Beirut International Film Festival and the special Maverick Award at the Motovun Film Festival in Croatia.
 The film was selected as "Critic's Pick of the Week" by New York Film Critics Circle, "Best of the Fest" at Busan Film Festival by "Hollywood Reporter", and "Top Ten Films" at Mumbai Film Festival by "Times of India", and its script was added to the Library of Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Rupert's Land is a 1998 film directed by Jonathan Tammuz and starring Samuel West, Ian Tracey, and George Wendt.
 A road movie produced and filmed in Canada, it was released at the 1998 Toronto International Film Festival and was nominated at the 1999 Genie Awards and Leo Awards.
Jonathan Miles is a British independent filmmaker.
 He studied at Surrey Institute of Art & Design.
 Early in his career he directed music videos, for instance "The Ride" with Alec Empire.
 His short film "The Queue" from 2007 has been shown at a number of film festivals, in particular The End Of The Pier International Film Festival, where it won the award for Best Comedy Short 2008.
 In addition to directing he has worked as a documentary editor on BBC films.
 He now lives in Berlin.
Bill is a 2015 British family adventure comedy film from the principal performers behind children's TV series "Horrible Histories" and "Yonderland".
 It was produced by Punk Cinema, Cowboy Films and BBC Films and was released in the UK on 18 September 2015 by Vertigo Films.
 The film is a fictional take on the young William Shakespeare's search for fame and fortune, as written by Laurence Rickard and Ben Willbond and directed by Richard Bracewell who co-produced with Tony Bracewell, Alasdair Flind and Charles Steel.
 It features the six lead performers playing several different roles each including Mathew Baynton, Martha Howe-Douglas, Ben Willbond, Simon Farnaby, Jim Howick and Laurence Rickard.
 "Bill" has received mostly positive reviews from critics and grossed $968,534 worldwide.
 The film also received nominations for the Evening Standard British Film Award for Award for Comedy and the Into Film Award for Family Film of the Year.
Company Pictures is an independent British television production company which has produced drama programming for many broadcasters.
 It was set up in 1998 by Charles Pattinson and George Faber, colleagues at BBC Films.
 Their first film was "Morvern Callar", which was credited as a co-production with BBC Films as they had begun developing it while still employed there.
 In 2003 Company Pictures became part of All3Media.
 The founders, Pattinson and Faber, left in 2012 to set up another independent production company, and John Yorke became managing director until 2015.
 He was succeeded by Michele Buck, former joint managing director of Mammoth Screen.
A Little Chaos is a 2014 British period drama film directed by Alan Rickman.
 The story was conceived by Allison Deegan and she co-wrote the screenplay along with Rickman and Jeremy Brock.
 The film stars Kate Winslet, Matthias Schoenaerts, Alan Rickman, Stanley Tucci, Helen McCrory, Steven Waddington, Jennifer Ehle and Rupert Penry-Jones.
 The film was financed by the Lionsgate UK and produced by BBC Films.
 It was the second film directed by Rickman, after his 1997 directorial debut "The Winter Guest".
 It was the second collaboration of Rickman and Winslet after their 1995 film "Sense and Sensibility".
 Production took place in London in mid 2013.
 The film had its world premiere at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival as the closing night film on 13 September 2014.
L ("Learning") is a Greek movie produced in 2011, directed by Babis Makridis, written by Babis Makridis and Efthymis Filippou, based on an original idea by Yorgos Giokas.
 It is the first Greek movie selected to compete at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival (19–29 January 2012) where its international premiere will take place.
 The movie is also nominated to compete in the official Tiger Awards competition in the International Film Festival Rotterdam (25 January – 5 February 2012) where its European premiere will take place.The film was nominated for Best Script award at the Hellenic Film Academy Awards.
 A six-minute extract of the movie was first released at the Work Progress Section of the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, at the Czech Republic in July 2011.
 L is Makridis's first feature film.
 His short film "The Last Fakir" (2005) was awarded the "Newcomer's Prize" at the 2005 International Short Film Festival in Drama which takes place in Greece.
The Meerkats, also known as Meerkats: The Movie, is a feature-length 2008 British wildlife fiction film which anthropomorphises the daily struggles of a clan of meerkats in the Kalahari Desert.
 It was produced by BBC Films and The Weinstein Company, and filmed by the award-winning BBC Natural History Unit.
 It is the debut directorial feature of James Honeyborne, previously a producer of natural history programmes for television.
 The worldwide premiere was held at the Dinard Film Festival, France in October 2008, expanding to a wide release the following week.
 The film was released in 2009, on 7 August in the UK.
 A US date has not yet been announced.
 This was dedicated to actor Paul Newman, who died in 2008, shortly before this movie was released.
Mrs. Brown's Boys D'Movie is a 2014 Irish comedy film based on the sitcom "Mrs. Brown's Boys" and is co-produced by That's Nice Films, Penalty Kick Films and BocFlix.
 BBC Films is acting as sales agent and it was distributed by Universal Pictures.
 It was written by series creator (and company director of both That's Nice Films and Bocflix) Brendan O'Carroll, who also plays the lead role.
 The film sees Agnes Brown go to court to protect her family's stall at Dublin's Moore Street market from a corrupt Russian businessman who wishes to convert it into a shopping centre.
 The film was released on 27 June to negative reviews from critics.
 It topped the UK and Ireland box office with £4.3 million in its opening weekend, on a budget of £3.6 million, and retained top spot for a second week.
 On 27 October it was released on home media, again topping the charts.
