Adam Alexander Carson (born February 5, 1975) is the drummer of the punk rock and horror punk band AFI.
 He and Davey Havok are the two original members left in the lineup.
 Carson also filled in as drummer for the psychobilly band Tiger Army.
 His drumming can be found on Tiger Army's "Early Years EP" as well as their debut album "Tiger Army".
 Carson was also a member of Influence 13 – a band formed by Nick 13, Jade Puget (who joined AFI in 1998), Geoff Kresge (who left AFI in 1996), and two other friends.
David Paden Marchand (born November 20, 1975), known professionally as Davey Havok, is the lead vocalist of the American rock band AFI, the electronic music band Blaqk Audio, hardcore band XTRMST, and new wave band Dreamcar.
Live at the Araneta is the first live album by Filipino singer Jaya, released in 2001 under Vival Records in the Philippines.
 The album is a live recording of a concert performed at Smart Araneta Coliseum.
 As with many live albums released in the Philippines, Jaya Live at the Araneta is dominated by performances of American hits such as Aretha Franklin's great '60s hit "Respect," and also includes LaBelle's "Lady Marmalade, Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit," and Roy Orbison's "Love Hurts."
 Joining her for the concert are Rico Blanco of Rivermaya, Jay Durias of South Border, Ely Buendia of Eraserheads, Wency Cornejo, KC Montero, Jeremiah and Asia's Songbird Ms. Regine Velasquez.
 It also certified gold with a total sales of 20,000 copies.
220 Volt Live is the seventh live album by Tangerine Dream and forty-eighth overall.
 It recorded live in the USA in 1992.
 It is the last of the band's many live albums consisting of original material not released previously.
 This may be considered some of the band's most rock oriented music so far, with guest guitarists Zlatko Perica playing being the more prominent element.
 Re-issued in 1999 and then again in 2009 on "Membran".
Live from Deep in the Heart of Texas is the fourth album by the country rock band Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen.
 It was recorded live at the Armadillo World Headquarters in Austin, Texas, and features cover art of armadillos by Jim Franklin.
 Unlike many live albums, it is mostly new material.
 Only two songs from previous albums are featured.
 More songs recorded at the Armadillo World Headquarters during these concerts were released on subsequent CDs, such as "Sleazy Roadside Stories", but the original live album is considered by many fans to be the group's best album.
"Nothin' to Lose" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, released on their self-titled debut album in 1974.
 It is the first single the band had ever released and the first single off the album, with "Love Theme from KISS" as the B-side.
 Although the song failed to chart, it has remained a concert staple during the 1970s and was featured on many live albums and compilations.
AFI (abbreviation for A Fire Inside) is an American rock band from Ukiah, California, formed in 1991.
 They have had the same lineup since 1998: lead vocalist Davey Havok, drummer and backup vocalist Adam Carson, with bassist Hunter Burgan and guitarist Jade Puget, who both play keyboard and contribute backup vocals.
 Of the current lineup, Havok and Carson are the two remaining original members.
Knife Fight is an American political thriller film.
 It stars Rob Lowe, Carrie-Anne Moss, Jamie Chung, Richard Schiff, Amanda Crew, Julie Bowen and Ryan Alosio.
 It is directed by Bill Guttentag and co-written by Bill Guttentag and former Al Gore spokesman Chris Lehane.
 The film was shot in San Francisco, California.
 The film premiered at the 2012 Tribeca Film Festival and was released theatrically in the United States on January 25, 2013 and was released on demand and digitally on January 28, 2013.
 Davey Havok of the band AFI makes an appearance.
"Miss Murder" is a song by American rock band AFI.
 It was released on April 3, 2006 as the lead single from their seventh studio album "Decemberunderground".
 It was initially scheduled to premiere on LIVE 105 on April 13, 2006, however, it was released early due to overwhelming fan reaction.
 "Miss Murder" was released to radio on April 25, 2006.
 It was released in the United Kingdom and Australia on April 24 and July 29, 2006.
 It was written by Davey Havok and produced by Jerry Finn.
Geoff Kresge is a songwriter, guitarist, bassist, and record producer.
 He played with the punk rock/horror punk band AFI for most of their early career, from 1992 through 1997, and co-wrote the majority of their early material alongside frontman Davey Havok.
 During an AFI hiatus in 1993, he briefly moved to New York to join street punk band Blanks 77.
 He later went on to play with Canadian horror rock group The Forbidden Dimension and also a high-energy rock band, The Daggers, before subsequently joining the psychobilly band Tiger Army.
 Though he played an electric bass in his previous bands, for Tiger Army he chose an upright bass.
