John Read Giordano (born December 31, 1937) is an American orchestra conductor, professor of music, composer, and former concert saxophonist.
 He is Associate Professor of Music at Texas Christian University.
 He is Music Director Emeritus of the Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra where he served as Music Director and Conductor for 27 years, Founder of the Fort Worth Chamber Orchestra, Jury Chairman of the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition since 1973, Music Director Emeritus of the Youth Orchestra of Greater Fort Worth, Founder and Director of the Colorado College Summer Music Festival and Conservatory, Director of Chamber Music for the Bowdoin Summer Music Festival, International Guest Conductor, published composer and arranger with an extensive award winning discography.
The National Zoological Gardens of South Africa (also informally known as The Pretoria Zoo) is an 85 ha zoo located in Pretoria, South Africa.
 It is the national zoo of South Africa, and was founded by J. W. B. Gunning in 1899.
 Pretoria zoo is one of the top 8 largest zoos in the world and one of the most highly rated zoo's in the world.
The Fort Worth Air Route Traffic Control Center (ZFW) is located at 13800 FAA Road, Fort Worth, Texas, United States 76155.
 The Fort Worth ARTCC is one of 22 Air Route Traffic Control Centers in the United States.
The Fort Worth Zoo is a zoo in Fort Worth, Texas, United States, that was founded in 1909 with one lion, two bear cubs, an alligator, a coyote, a peacock and a few rabbits.
 The zoo now is home to 5,000 native and exotic animals and has been named as a top zoo in the nation by "Family Life" magazine, the "Los Angeles Times" and "USA Today", as well as one of the top zoos in the South by "Southern Living" Reader's Choice Awards.
The Tornado outbreak of April 3, 2012 was a small, albeit localized tornado outbreak that primarily affected the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.
 During the morning of April 3, a large low-pressure area and associated frontal boundaries tracked across the Southern US Plains.
 Initially, environmental conditions did not favor the development of tornadoes.
 However, an outflow boundary from an area of storms in Oklahoma moved southwards before stalling over the Dallas–Fort Worth area.
 This allowed the formation of individual supercells, which would produce numerous tornadoes in the region.
 Many of these tornadoes occurred in the afternoon and evening hours of the day.
 One of these tornadoes was an EF3 tornado which struck areas of Forney, Texas, damaging homes and businesses; this tornado would be the strongest confirmed during the outbreak.
 However, the costliest tornado was of EF2 intensity, and struck the counties of Ellis and Dallas, causing roughly $400 million in damages.
 The same tornado also injured 10 people, but did not cause any damage.
 Throughout the duration of the outbreak, there were 22 confirmed tornadoes, though 17 of them were rated EF0 – the lowest rating on the Enhanced Fujita Scale.
Fort Worth Spinks Airport (ICAO: KFWS, FAA LID: FWS) is a city owned, public use airport located 14 nautical miles (26 km) south of the central business district of Fort Worth, in Tarrant County, Texas, United States.
 It is the newest of the three airports that are owned by the City of Fort Worth and it serves the cities of Fort Worth, Burleson, and Mansfield.
 The airport is located at the intersection of Interstate 35W and HWY 1187 and serves as a reliever airport for Fort Worth Meacham International Airport and Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.
 It was one of few airports in the country to have Class E airspace and a control tower.
 However, its airspace now has Class D designation.
Robert Hughes Sr. (born May 15, 1928 in Bristow, Oklahoma, United States) is the United States' all-time winningest high school basketball coach.
 From 1973 to 2005, he coached at Paul Laurence Dunbar High School in the Fort Worth, Texas Independent School District.
 He previously coached at I.M. Terrell High School in Fort Worth (an all-black high school) during segregation.
 After segregation ended and I.M. Terrell was shut down, Mr. Hughes began coaching at Dunbar.
 Combined, he won five state basketball titles.
 He retired as the all-time winningest high school basketball coach with 1,333 wins, passing Morgan Wootten in 2003.
 "If you can't work hard and put out the best, you probably need to go home to your mama," Hughes was known for telling his players.
 Hughes attended Texas Southern University and was drafted by the Boston Celtics.
 His son, Robert Hughes Jr., is the current coach at Dunbar High School.
 He has two daughters.
 One, the Rev. Carlye Hughes, is rector of Trinity Episcopal Church in Fort Worth.
 Another, Robin Hughes, is a professor and executive associate dean in the School of Education at Indiana University.
 Hughes Sr.'s wife of 57 years, Jacquelyne Sue Hughes, died in 2014.
 Hughes Sr. was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on March 31, 2017.
 He lives in Fort Worth.
The Hugh Beaumont Experience was a punk rock band from Fort Worth, Texas.
 The band's original lineup was Brad Stiles on vocals, Tommie Duncan on guitar, Clay Carlisle on bass, and Carter Kolba on drums.
 Formed in 1980 by members of the private school, Fort Worth Country Day School, in Fort Worth, they toured throughout Texas in 1981-82, including dates with MDC and The Dead Kennedys.
 Their nascent success was short-lived, however; the band had broken up by 1983, having released just one 7-inch called "Cone Johnson EP" (now a collector's item) and a cassette called "Virgin Killers".
 (This material was re-released in 1993 on Existential Vacuum Records; They also did a recording session with Bob Mould of Hüsker Dü.)
WFAA Communications Center Studios are the main studio operations of Tegna, Inc. owned television station WFAA, which is an ABC affiliate, located at 606 Young Street in Dallas, Texas.
 WFAA-TV is the only station in the Dallas-Fort Worth broadcasting market to not become a network O&O station.
 The studio opened in 1961, and housed WFAA-TV, WFAA-AM, and WFAA-FM, later known as KZEW-FM.
 From 1938 to 1970, WFAA-AM was both an NBC and ABC station which meant that the building housed both the NBC and ABC networks.
 The station that WFAA shared networks with was WBAP-AM which was housed at Broadcast Hill in Fort Worth.
 In the early years, WFAA was more known to Dallas and WBAP was more known to Fort Worth.
 WFAA-TV played a strong part in youthful programs such as Sump'n Else, The Group And Chapman, Peppermint Place, and many others.
 During the 1960s, WFAA-AM continued to broadcast entertainment, but its ratings were weakened due to Top 40 station KLIF-AM's format.
 The KLIF Triangle Point Studios are located a few blocks from WFAA in Downtown Dallas.
 WFAA Studios are a major part of Dallas-Fort Worth broadcasting history.
 At one time, Downtown Dallas had three different broadcast headquarters, which are WFAA, KRLD, and KLIF.
 While many national television shows were on tour, they occasionally filmed a few segments at WFAA Studios.
Fort Worth Flyover is the name of a short IMAX film created for the Omni Theater at the Fort Worth Museum of Science and History, the first one commissioned by a specific museum.
 Designed to simulate flying over Fort Worth, Texas in a helicopter, the movie (and later, a 1992 update) is traditionally shown before each Omni Theater feature, in part to acclimatize new viewers to the IMAX format.
