The Love of Jeanne Ney (German: Die Liebe der Jeanne Ney , released as Lusts of the Flesh in the United Kingdom) is a 1927 silent German drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst from a Soviet novel by Ilya Ehrenburg.
Manya Harari (née Manya Benenson) (8 April 1905 – 24 September 1969) was a noted British translator of Russian literature and the co-founder of Harvill Press.
 Her best-known work is the translation of Boris Pasternak's epic novel "Doctor Zhivago", which she co-translated with Max Hayward.
 She also translated works by Konstantin Paustovsky, Andrey Sinyavsky, Ilya Ehrenburg and Evgenia Ginzburg, among others.
The Pirate is a 1978 American two-part, four-hour television miniseries directed by Ken Annakin.
 It is based on the novel with the same title written by Harold Robbins.
 It was broadcast in two parts by CBS on November 21–22, 1978.
The Betsy is a 1978 film made by the Harold Robbins International Company and released by Allied Artists and United Artists.
 It was directed by Daniel Petrie and produced by Robert R. Weston and Emanuel L. Wolf with Jack Grossberg as associate producer.
 The screenplay was by William Bast and Walter Bernstein, adapted from the novel of the same title by Harold Robbins.
Joe Fineberg (1886–1957) was a prominent translator for the Communist International.
 He produced English translations of works by Alexander Bogdanov, Nikolay Dobrolyubov, Ilya Ehrenburg, Vladimir Lenin, Boris Polevoy, Leo Tolstoy and others.
The Lonely Lady is a 1983 American drama film directed by Peter Sasdy, adapted from the 1976 novel written by Harold Robbins.
 (The novel itself was believed to have been based on Robbins' memories of Jacqueline Susann.)
 The original music score was composed by Charlie Calello.
 The cast includes Pia Zadora in the title role, Lloyd Bochner, Bibi Besch, Jared Martin, and in an early film appearance, Ray Liotta.
 The plot follows Jerilee Randall, an aspiring screenwriter who deals with many abusive men in her attempts to achieve success in Hollywood.
 A critical and commercial failure, "The Lonely Lady" was the last adaptation of one of Robbins' best selling novels before he died in 1997, and, to date, the last such adaptation of any of his works.
The Dream Merchants is an American novel written by Harold Robbins and published in 1949.
 Set in the early 20th century, the book is a "rags-to-riches" story of a penniless young man who goes to Hollywood and builds a great film studio.
 A former Universal Studios employee, author Harold Robbins based the main character on Universal's founder, Carl Laemmle.
 With the Hollywood history in the backdrop, it is a love story.
79 Park Avenue is an American television miniseries broadcast in 1977 on NBC.
 It was based on the Harold Robbins novel of the same name.
The Adventurers is a 1970 American drama film based on the novel by Harold Robbins.
 It is directed, produced and written by Lewis Gilbert.
The Thaw (Russian: Оттепель , Ottepel) is a short novel by Ilya Ehrenburg first published in the spring 1954 issue of "Novy Mir".
 It coined the name for the Khrushchev Thaw, the period of liberalization following the 1953 death of Stalin.
 The novel marked a break both from Ehrenburg's earlier purely pro-Soviet work, and from previous ideas about socialist realism.
