Devorah Adler is a political consultant and opposition research specialist for the Democratic National Committee in the United States.
 A former Assistant Director for Health Policy during the Bill Clinton presidency, Adler later served as Director of Research for the Democratic National Committee in the 2006 election cycle, and served as Director of Research for the Barack Obama campaign for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination.
Gloria Estela La Riva (born August 13, 1954) is an American activist associated most recently with the Party for Socialism and Liberation and in California with the Peace and Freedom Party, and previously with the Workers World Party.
 She was the PSL's 2008 presidential candidate, and ran as the PSL's presidential candidate again in the 2016 race, with Eugene Puryear and Dennis J. Banks as her running mates.
Kelly Bryant (August 28, 1908 – October 1975) served as the Democratic secretary of state of the U.S. state of Arkansas from 1963 until his death nearly thirteen years later.
 He was one of three statewide politicians born in Hope, the seat of Hempstead County, in southern Arkansas.
 The others are former Governor and U.S. President Bill Clinton and former Governor and unsuccessful 2008 presidential candidate Mike Huckabee.
Karl Frisch (born February 21, 1978 in Inglewood, CA) is a syndicated columnist and Democratic strategist who has worked for numerous candidates and political organizations since 1996.
 He served as multimedia communications director and member of the renowned web-team for Howard Dean’s 2004 presidential campaign.
 In 2005, Frisch worked as press secretary for Rep. Louise Slaughter (D-NY) on the House Rules Committee.
 Most recently, in 2006 he served as communications director of Iraq War veteran Paul Hackett’s campaign for U.S. Senate in Ohio and then as press secretary of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.
 Prior to his work with progressives and Democrats, Frisch worked in Republican politics for several years before switching parties following the 2000 presidential primaries.
 During his time as a Republican, Frisch worked for Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), now-Sen.
 Lamar Alexander (R-TN), former Rep. Jim Nussle (R-IA) among others.
 A Los Angeles area native, Frisch now lives in Washington, DC where he currently serves as director of media relations at Media Matters for America, a not-for-profit, 501(c)(3) progressive research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting alleged conservative misinformation in the U.S. media.
 Frisch is openly gay.
 He is an inaugural member of the WikiQueer Global Advisory Board.
V. Lance Tarrance, Jr. is a Republican American pollster and political strategist who has conducted public opinion studies for national corporations, foundations, elected leaders of the U.S. Senate, U.S. House of Representatives and state governments.
 He served as a Senior Strategist for Senator John McCain's Straight Talk America political action committee and for the Senator's 2008 presidential campaign.
 Tarrance had previously been involved in the U.S. presidential campaigns of Barry Goldwater, Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, John Connally, Jack Kemp, and George H. W. Bush.
 In 2013, he was inducted into the American Association of Political Consultants' Hall of Fame for his career achievements.
Moneybomb (alternatively money bomb, money-bomb, or fundraising bomb) is a neologism coined in 2007 to describe a grassroots fundraising effort over a brief fixed time period, usually to support a candidate for election by dramatically increasing, concentrating, and publicizing fundraising activity during a specific hour or day.
 The term was coined by Trevor Lyman to describe a massive coordinated online donation drive on behalf of presidential candidate Ron Paul, in which context the "San Jose Mercury News" described a moneybomb as being "a one-day fundraising frenzy".
 The effort combines traditional and Internet-based fundraising appeals focusing especially on viral advertising through online vehicles such as YouTube, Myspace, and online forums.
 In the case of lesser-known candidates it is also intended to generate significant free mass media coverage the candidate would otherwise not receive.
 Moneybombs have been used for grassroots fundraising and viral activism over the Internet by several 2008 presidential candidates in the United States.
 It emerged as an important grassroots tool leading up to the 2010 midterm elections and 2012 presidential election in the United States.
Sarah Palin's candidacy for Vice President of the United States was publicly announced by then-presumptive Republican Party presidential candidate John McCain on August 29, 2008.
 As part of the McCain presidential campaign, Palin, then the incumbent Governor of Alaska, was officially nominated by acclamation at the 2008 Republican National Convention on September 3.
 The McCain-Palin ticket lost the 2008 presidential election on November 4 to the Barack Obama-Joe Biden ticket.
Charles Rollin Keyes (1864–1942) was a U.S. geologist and in 1918 was a U.S. Senate candidate in Iowa.
 Born in Des Moines, Iowa, he graduated from the State University of Iowa in 1887.
 He worked for the United States Geological Survey.
 He earned a Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University in 1892.
 He served as Assistant State Geologist of Iowa, Director of the Bureau of Geology and Mines of Missouri and was president of the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology at Socorro.
 Keyes was also an avid ornithologist, publishing the first detailed listing of birds in Iowa in 1889.
 In 1918 he was the Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate from Iowa, losing to William S. Kenyon.
Mahamudu Bawumia (born 7 October 1963) is a Ghanaian economist and banker and the current Vice President of Ghana.
 He assumed office on 7 January 2017.
 He was a Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana until his nomination as the vice presidential candidate of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) in 2008, standing alongside presidential candidate Nana Akufo-Addo.
 He also ran as the NPP vice-presidential candidate in the 2012 general elections and was the lead witness for the petitioners in the 2012/2013 Presidential Election Petition which challenged the declaration of John Mahama as winner of the election.
 He is married to Samira Ramadan and has four children.
The 2008 presidential campaign of Tom Vilsack, former Iowa Governor began on November 30, 2006, the 2nd to officially announce a run.
 Vilsack had previously been considered as Vice Presidential candidate for Senator John Kerry in the 2004 presidential election.
 He ran for the Democratic Party's 2008 nomination for President of the United States.
