Salt is a 2010 American action thriller film directed by Phillip Noyce, written by Kurt Wimmer, and starring Angelina Jolie, Liev Schreiber, Daniel Olbrychski, August Diehl, and Chiwetel Ejiofor.
 Jolie plays Evelyn Salt, who is accused of being a Russian sleeper agent and goes on the run to try to clear her name.
Angelina Jolie is an American actress and filmmaker.
 As a child, she made her screen debut in the 1982 comedy film "Lookin' to Get Out", acting alongside her father Jon Voight.
 Eleven years later she appeared in her next feature, the low-budget film "Cyborg 2", a commercial failure.
 She then starred as a teenage hacker in the 1995 science fiction thriller "Hackers", which went on to be a cult film despite performing poorly at the box-office.
 Jolie's career prospects improved with a supporting role in the made-for-television film "George Wallace" (1997), for which she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Television Film.
 She made her breakthrough the following year in HBO's television film "Gia" (1998).
 For her performance in the title role of fashion model Gia Carangi, she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Film.
By the Sea is a 2015 American romantic drama film written and directed by Angelina Jolie, and produced by and starring Jolie and Brad Pitt.
 The film was released on November 13, 2015, by Universal Pictures.
First They Killed My Father (Khmer: មុន​ដំបូង​ខ្មែរ​ក្រហម​សម្លាប់​ប៉ា​របស់​ខ្ញុំ "Moun​ dambaung​ Khmer​ Krahm​ samleab​ ba​ robsa​ khnhom") is a 2017 biographical historical thriller film directed by Angelina Jolie and written by Jolie and Loung Ung, based on Ung's memoir of the same name.
 Set in 1975, the film depicts 5-year-old Ung who is forced to be trained as a child soldier while her siblings are sent to labor camps during the Khmer Rouge regime.
Unbroken is a 2014 American war film produced and directed by Angelina Jolie, written by the Coen brothers, Richard LaGravenese, and William Nicholson, based on the 2010 non-fiction book by Laura Hillenbrand, "".
 The film revolves around the life of USA Olympian and army officer Louis "Louie" Zamperini.
 Zamperini survived in a raft for 47 days after his bomber crash landed in the ocean during World War II, then was sent to a series of prisoner of war camps.
In the Land of Blood and Honey is a 2011 American war film written, produced, and directed by Angelina Jolie and starring Zana Marjanović, Goran Kostić, and Rade Šerbedžija.
 The film, Jolie's first commercial release as a director, depicts a love story set against the background of the Bosnian War.
 It opened in the United States on December 23, 2011, in a limited theatrical release.
Cyborg 2, released in some countries as Glass Shadow, is a 1993 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Schroeder and starring Elias Koteas, Angelina Jolie, Billy Drago, Karen Sheperd and Jack Palance.
 It is an unrelated sequel to the 1989 film "Cyborg", although footage from the original is used in a dream sequence.
 It was also Jolie's film debut in a starring role (she had previously made an earlier film, "Lookin' to Get Out", as a child actress).
 It was followed by the 1995 direct-to-video release "".
Gone in 60 Seconds is a 1974 American action film written, directed, produced by, and starring H.B. "Toby" Halicki.
 It centers on a group of car thieves and the 48 cars they must steal in a matter of days.
 The film is known for having wrecked and destroyed 93 cars in a 40-minute car chase scene.
 This film is the basis for the 2000 remake starring Nicolas Cage and Angelina Jolie.
Angelina Jolie Pitt ( ; née Voight; born June 4, 1975) is an American actress, filmmaker, and humanitarian.
 She has received an Academy Award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and three Golden Globe Awards, and has been cited as Hollywood's highest-paid actress.
 Jolie made her screen debut as a child alongside her father, Jon Voight, in "Lookin' to Get Out" (1982).
 Her film career began in earnest a decade later with the low-budget production "Cyborg 2" (1993), followed by her first leading role in a major film, "Hackers" (1995).
 She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical cable films "George Wallace" (1997) and "Gia" (1998), and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama "Girl, Interrupted" (1999).
Louis Silvie "Louie" Zamperini (January 26, 1917 – July 2, 2014) was a US prisoner of war survivor in World War II, a Christian evangelist and an Olympic distance runner.
