Actuarial Society of Malaysia (Persatuan Aktuari Malaysia), also known as ASM was founded on 5 October 1978.
 ASM is the only representative body for the actuarial profession in Malaysia.
 Thus, it is the platform for members of the actuarial profession to raise and discuss technical and public interest issues related to the practice of the profession; to communicate such issues to relevant parties including the public, industry regulators and corporate stakeholders; to provide educational support to actuarial students and professional development to qualified actuaries; and to provide space for members of the profession to build relationships.
In sociology, an occupational closure (or professional demarcation) is the process whereby a trade or occupation transforms itself into a true profession by closing off entry to the profession to all but those suitably qualified.
 The profession then becomes closed to entry from outsiders, amateurs and the unqualified.
 This can be achieved by licensure, through barring entry to all except those who have passed certain entrance examinations and grades of training, or by allowing entry only to those who have gained membership of a specific professional body.
 In most professions all three methods are in regular use.
 What this means in practical terms, is that an architect or physician, for example, will firstly be a university graduate in their main subject, second, will have passed entrance examinations to join a recognised professional body and thirdly, will also be licensed to practise medicine or architecture, usually also obtained through sitting examinations.
 Therefore, such professions are open only to those who satisfy these requirements and are closed to everyone else.
 It is thus illegal for any other person to practice medicine or to pose as an architect.
The American College of Medical Practice Executives (ACMPE), established in 1956, supports and promotes the personal and professional growth of leaders to advance the medical practice management profession and is the certification and standard-setting body of the Medical Group Management Association (MGMA).
 Both are headquartered in Englewood, Colo.
 Nearly 6,000 members strong, ACMPE developed the standard-setting Body of Knowledge for Medical Practice Management.
 It grants nationally recognized certification and fellowship designations to the most accomplished medical practice executives and leaders in the profession.
Optometry is a health care profession which involves examining the eyes and applicable visual systems for defects or abnormalities as well as the medical diagnosis and management of eye disease.
 Traditionally, the field of optometry began with the primary focus of correcting refractive error through the use of spectacles.
 Modern day optometry, however, has evolved through time so that the education curriculum additionally includes intensive medical training in the diagnosis and management of ocular disease in countries where the profession is established and regulated.
 Optometrists (also known as Doctors of Optometry in the US and Canada for those holding the O.D. degree or Ophthalmic Opticians in the UK) are medical professionals who provide primary eyecare through comprehensive eye examinations to detect and treat various visual abnormalities and eye diseases.
 Being a regulated profession, an optometrist's scope of practice may differ depending on the location.
 Thus, disorders or diseases detected outside the treatment scope of optometry are referred out to relevant medical professionals for proper care, more commonly to ophthalmologists who are physicians that specialize in tertiary medical and surgical care of the eye.
 Optometrists typically work closely together with other eye care professionals such as ophthalmologists and opticians to deliver quality and efficient eyecare to the general public.
The Medical Council of Thailand is the country's professional regulatory body of the medical profession.
 It operates under the provisions of the Medical Profession Act, B.E. 2525 (1982 CE), which replaced series of earlier legislation dating to the council's foundation in 1923.
 Under the law, the council is tasked with: upholding the profession's ethics; supporting medical education, research and practice; uniting and upholding the dignity of its members; aiding and educating the general population and organizations on relevant matters; advising the government on medical and public health issues; and representing the medical profession in Thailand.
 The council is responsible for granting and revoking licences to practice medicine, as well as certification of medical education programmes and degrees.
 All licensed doctors are members of the council, and are entitled to elect members of its governing body, the Medical Council Committee, and its head, the President of the Medical Council, on a biennial basis.
An apprenticeship is a system of training a new generation of practitioners of a trade or profession with on-the-job training and often some accompanying study (classroom work and reading).
 Apprenticeship also enables practitioners to gain a license to practice in a regulated profession.
 Most of their training is done while working for an employer who helps the apprentices learn their trade or profession, in exchange for their continued labor for an agreed period after they have achieved measurable competencies.
 Apprenticeships typically last 3 to 7 years.
 People who successfully complete an apprenticeship reach the "journeyman" or professional certification level of competence.
The National Association for Chiropractic Medicine (NACM) was a minority chiropractic association founded in 1984 that described itself as a "consumer advocacy association of chiropractors".
 It openly rejected some of the more controversial aspects of chiropractic, including a basic concept of chiropractic, vertebral subluxations as the cause of all diseases.
 It also sought to "reform the chiropractic profession away from a philosophical scope of practice and towards an applied science scope of practice."
 It stated that it was "dedicated to bringing the scientific based practice of chiropractic into mainstream medicine" and that its members "confine their scope of practice to scientific parameters and seek to make legitimate the utilization of professional manipulative procedures in mainstream health care delivery."
 "While the NACM is focused on furthering the profession, its primary focus is on the rights and safety of the consumers."
 The NACM was the object of much controversy and criticism from the rest of the profession.
 It quietly dropped out of sight and its demise apparently occurred sometime between May 30, 2008 and March 6, 2010.
Modern urban planning in Canada can be traced back to the early 1900s, though Indigenous planning, an evolving practice, originated hundreds if not thousands of years ago.
 The planning profession originally focused on city layout, land subdivision and architecture and grew dramatically after 1945 due to the growth of Canadian cities.
 The profession now includes a diverse range of subjects such as urban sociology, data analysis and forecasting, municipal and planning law, management sciences and environmental sciences.
 According to the Canadian Institute of Planners, the profession has grown from only 45 practicing planners in 1949 to about 7,000 practitioners in 2009.
 This page compiles some of Canada’s most notable planners according to their contributions to the profession.
Professionalization is a social process by which any trade or occupation transforms itself into a true "profession of the highest integrity and competence."
 The definition of what constitutes a profession is often contested.
 Professionalization tends to result in establishing acceptable qualifications, one or more professional associations to recommend best practice and to oversee the conduct of members of the profession, and some degree of demarcation of the qualified from unqualified amateurs (that is, professional certification).
 It is also likely to create "occupational closure", closing the profession to entry from outsiders, amateurs and the unqualified.
Mike Robbie ( Born April 5, 1943 ), is a former General Manager of the Miami Dolphins and the son of the late Joe Robbie, former owner of the team.
