The election of President and Vice President of the United States is an indirect election in which citizens of the United States who are registered to vote in one of the 50 U.S. states or Washington, D.C. cast ballots for members of the U.S. Electoral College, known as electors.
 These electors then in turn cast direct votes, known as electoral votes, for President and Vice President.
 The candidate who receives an absolute majority of electoral votes for President or Vice President (currently, at least 270 out of a total of 538) is then elected to that office.
 If no candidate receives an absolute majority for President, the House of Representatives chooses the President; if no one receives a majority for Vice President, then the Senate chooses the Vice President.
The Emergency Banking Act (the official title of which was the Emergency Banking Relief Act), Public Law 1, 48 Stat.
 1 (March 9, 1933), was an act passed by the United States Congress in March 1933 in an attempt to stabilize the banking system.
 Beginning on February 14, 1933, Michigan, an industrial state which had been hit particularly hard by the Great Depression in the United States, declared an eight-day bank holiday.
 Fears of other bank closures spread from state to state as people rushed to withdraw their deposits while they still could do so.
 Within weeks, all other states held their own bank holidays in an attempt to stem the bank runs (on March 4th, Delaware became the 48th and last state to close its banks.)
 Following his inauguration on March 4, 1933, President Franklin Roosevelt set out to rebuild confidence in the nation's banking system.
 On March 6 he declared a four-day "national" banking holiday that kept all banks shut until Congress could act.
 A draft law prepared by the Treasury staff during Herbert Hoover's administration, was passed on March 9, 1933.
 The new law allowed the twelve Federal Reserve Banks to issue additional currency on good assets so that banks that reopened would be able to meet every legitimate call.
The presidency of Woodrow Wilson began on March 4, 1913 at noon when Woodrow Wilson was inaugurated as President of the United States, and ended on March 4, 1921.
 Wilson, a Democrat, took office as the 28th United States president after winning the 1912 presidential election, gaining a large majority in the Electoral College and a 42 percent plurality of the popular vote in a four–candidate field.
 Four years later, in 1916, Wilson defeated Republican Charles Evans Hughes by nearly 600,000 votes in the popular vote and secured a narrow majority in the Electoral College by winning several swing states with razor-thin margins.
 He was the first Southerner elected as president since Zachary Taylor in 1848, and the first Democratic president to win re-election since Andrew Jackson in 1832.
The Franklin Delano Roosevelt Foundation is a private 501(c)3 US public charity based at Adams House, Harvard University.
 Founded as the FDR Suite Foundation in 2008, its original goal was to restore the Harvard rooms of Franklin Roosevelt, the 32nd President of the United States.
 The Foundation adopted its current name in 2014 to better reflect its broadened philanthropic mission to promote and preserve the legacy of Franklin Roosevelt throughout the world.
 The Foundation currently comprises three principal initiatives:
Wendell Lewis Willkie (born Lewis Wendell Willkie; February 18, 1892 – October 8, 1944) was an American lawyer and corporate executive, and the 1940 Republican nominee for President.
 Willkie appealed to many convention delegates as the Republican field's only interventionist: although the U.S. remained neutral prior to Pearl Harbor, he favored greater U.S. involvement in World War II to support Britain and other Allies.
 His Democratic opponent, incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt, won the 1940 election with about 55% of the popular vote and took the electoral college vote by a wide margin.
Roosevelt Franklin was a Muppet featured on the children's television series "Sesame Street" during the early 1970s.
 He is purple with shaggy black hair that stands on end.
 His name is a word play on the name of the late US President Franklin Roosevelt, but the first and last names are reversed.
 "Sesame Street" cast member Matt Robinson, who also played Gordon on the series for the first two seasons (1969-71), provided Roosevelt Franklin's voice.
The United States presidential election of 1792 was the second quadrennial presidential election.
 It was held from Friday, November 2 to Wednesday, December 5, 1792.
 Incumbent President George Washington was elected to a second term by a unanimous vote in the electoral college.
 As in the first presidential election, Washington is considered to have run unopposed.
 Electoral rules of the time, however, required each presidential elector to cast two votes without distinguishing which was for president and which for vice president.
 The recipient of the most votes would then become president, and the runner-up vice president.
 Incumbent Vice President John Adams received 77 votes and was also re-elected (Washington received 132 votes, or one from each elector).
 This election saw the least amount of popular votes elect the winner in American history.
The 1985 Brazilian presidential election was the last to be held indirectly through an electoral college, and the last to be held under the Military Regime.
 The electoral college system was put in place so that the military elite that controlled the government could secure the election of the candidate chosen by the High Command of the Armed Forces as President.
 However, in 1985, due to the process of negotiated transition to democracy that started in the late 1970s, the politicians in the electoral college were placed under no coercion, and were allowed to choose the president of their choice.
Harry S. Truman (May 8, 1884December 26, 1972) was the 33rd President of the United States (1945–53), assuming that office upon the death of Franklin D. Roosevelt during the waning months of World War II.
 He is known for launching the Marshall Plan to rebuild the economy of Western Europe, for leading the Cold War against Soviet and Chinese communism by establishing the Truman Doctrine and NATO, and for intervening in the Korean War.
 In domestic affairs, he was a moderate Democrat whose liberal proposals were a continuation of Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal, but the conservative-dominated Congress blocked most of them.
 He used the veto power 180 times, more than any president since then, and saw 12 overridden by Congress; only Grover Cleveland and Franklin D. Roosevelt used the veto so often, and only Gerald Ford and Andrew Johnson saw so many veto overrides.
 He is also the only world leader to have ever used nuclear weapons in war, desegregated the U.S. Armed Forces, supported a newly independent Israel, and was a founder of the United Nations.
James Aloysius "Jim" Farley (May 30, 1888 – June 9, 1976) was one of the first Irish Catholic politicians in American history to achieve success on a national level.
 He simultaneously served as Chairman of the New York State Democratic Committee, Chairman of the Democratic National Committee, and Postmaster General under the first two administrations of President Franklin Roosevelt.
 A business executive and dignitary and a Knight of Malta, Farley was commonly referred to as a political kingmaker, and he was responsible for Roosevelt's rise to the presidency.
 Farley was the campaign manager for New York State politician Alfred E. Smith's 1922 gubernatorial campaign and Roosevelt's 1928 and 1930 gubernatorial campaigns as well as Roosevelt's presidential campaigns of 1932 and 1936.
 Farley predicted large landslides in both, and revolutionized the use of polling data.
