Memoir (published in North America as "All Will Be Well") is an autobiographical account of the childhood of Irish writer John McGahern.
 It was published in 2005, and the writer died in 2006.
 It recalls, amongst other things, his formative years in Leitrim, Ireland, the death of his beloved mother, Susan, and his relationship with his dark and enigmatic father.
 Themes from his childhood experiences run throughout his canon of fiction.
Ludvík Kundera (22 March 1920 – 17 August 2010) was a Czech writer, translator, poet, playwright, editor and literary historian.
 He was a notable exponent of the Czech avant-garde literature and a prolific translator of German authors.
 In 2007, he received the Medal of Merit for service to the Republic.
 In 2009, he was awarded the "Jaroslav Seifert Award", presented by the Charter 77 Foundation.
 Kundera was a cousin of Czech-French writer Milan Kundera and nephew of the pianist and musicologist also named Ludvík Kundera.
Paul Johann Ludwig von Heyse (15 March 1830 – 2 April 1914) was a distinguished German writer and translator.
 A member of two important literary societies, the "Tunnel über der Spree" in Berlin and "Die Krokodile" in Munich, he wrote novels, poetry, 177 short stories, and about sixty dramas.
 The sum of Heyse's many and varied productions made him a dominant figure among German men of letters.
 He was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1910 "as a tribute to the consummate artistry, permeated with idealism, which he has demonstrated during his long productive career as a lyric poet, dramatist, novelist and writer of world-renowned short stories."
 Wirsen, one of the Nobel judges, said that "Germany has not had a greater literary genius since Goethe."
 Heyse is the fifth oldest laureate in literature, after Doris Lessing, Theodor Mommsen, Alice Munro and Jaroslav Seifert.
Jaroslav Seifert (] ; 23 September 1901 – 10 January 1986) was a Nobel Prize–winning Czechoslovak writer, poet and journalist.
Stanislav Kostka Neumann (June 5, 1875, in Prague – June 28, 1947, in Prague) was Czech writer, poet and journalist.
 He has undergone many stages of creative: symbolist ("I Am an Apostle of the New Life"), anarchist ("A Dream About a Crowd of Desperate People, and Other Verses"), landscape lyric ("The Book of Forests, Hills, and Waters"), civilist ("New Songs"), communist ("Red Songs") and others.
 He was one of the founders of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia.
 He was a mentor of Jaroslav Seifert (Seifert was dedicated this his first book).
The Barracks was the first novel by Irish writer John McGahern (1934-2006).
 Critically acclaimed when it was published in 1963, it won the AE Memorial Award from the Arts Council of Ireland and the Macauley Fellowship.
Stoner is a 1965 novel by the American writer John Williams.
 It was reissued in 2003 by Vintage and in 2006 by New York Review Books Classics with an introduction by John McGahern.
Amongst Women is a novel by the Irish writer John McGahern (1934–2006).
 McGahern's best known novel, it is also considered his masterpiece.
The Jaroslav Seifert Prize is a prestigious Czech literary prize.
 It was originally awarded to authors in exile during the Soviet era.
The Dark is the second novel by Irish writer John McGahern, published in 1965.
