Kunyang or Khunyang Chhish East is a 7400m mountain in the Khunyang Chhish massive (a subrange of the Karakoram mountains of Pakistan).
 It is separated by a 7160 m pass from the main summit 2 km to the West and has a 2,700 m Southwest face.
 On July 18, 2013 Hansjörg Auer, Matthias Auer and Simon Anthamatten made the first ascent over this wall, which had been widely regarded as one of the great remaining problems in alpinism.
Pumari Chhish (Urdu: ‎ ), (or Pumarikish, Peak 11) is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range.
 It lies about 4 km east of Khunyang Chhish, in the heart of the Hispar, north of the Hispar Glacier.
Ismoil Somoni Peak (Tajik: Қуллаи Исмоили Сомонӣ, "Qulla-i Ismō‘il-i Sōmōnî/Qullaji Ismojili Somonī"; Persian: قلّهٔ اسماعیل سامانی‎ ‎ ; Russian: пик Исмаила Самани "pik Ismaila Samani") is the highest mountain in Tajikistan.
 It was within the territory of the former Russian Empire and the former Soviet Union before the area became independent as Tajikistan.
 The mountain is named after Ismail Samani, a ruler of the Samanid dynasty.
Bokhtar District (Tajik: Ноҳияи Бохтар ) is a district in Khatlon Province, Tajikistan, surrounding the provincial capital Qurghonteppa.
 Its administrative capital is the village of Ismoil Somoni (pop.
 8,000).
 The population in Bokhtar district is 209,100 (1 January 2008 estimate).
Yukshin Gardan Sar (Urdu: ‎ ) is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range in Pakistan.
 Its height is also often given as 7,469 m (24,505 ft) or 7,641 m (25,069 ft).
 It lies about 15 km (9 mi) northeast of Khunyang Chhish and 5 km (3 mi) northwest of Kanjut Sar.
 It is flanked on the northwest by the Yazghil Glacier and on the northeast by the Yukshin Gardan Glacier; both drain into the Shimshal River.
ICESat-2 (Ice, Cloud, and land Elevation Satellite 2), part of NASA's Earth Observing System, is a planned satellite mission for measuring ice sheet elevation, sea ice freeboard as well as land topography and vegetation characteristics.
 ICESat-2 is a planned follow-on to the ICESat mission.
 It will be launched in 2018 from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California into a near-circular, near-polar orbit with an altitude of approximately 496 km.
 It is being designed to operate for 3 years, and will carry enough propellant for 7 years.
Lenin Peak (Kyrgyz: Ленин Чокусу , "Lenin Çoqusu", لەنىن چوقۇسۇ; Russian: Пик Ленина , "Pik Lenina"; Tajik: қуллаи Ленин, "qulla‘i Lenin/qullaji Lenin" , renamed қуллаи Абӯалӣ ибни Сино (qulla‘i Abûalî ibni Sino) in July 2006), or Ibn Sina (Avicenna) Peak, rises to 7,134 metres (23,406 ft) in Gorno-Badakhshan (GBAO) on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan, and is the second-highest point of both countries.
 It is considered one of the easiest 7000 m peaks in the world to climb and it has by far the most ascents of any 7000 m or higher peak on Earth, with every year seeing hundreds of climbers make their way to the summit.
 Lenin Peak is the highest mountain in the Trans-Alay Range of Central Asia, and in the Pamir Mountains in Tajikistan it is exceeded only by Ismoil Somoni Peak (7,495 m).
 It was thought to be the highest point in the Pamirs in Tajikistan until 1933, when Ismoil Somoni Peak (known as "Stalin Peak" at the time) was climbed and found to be more than 300 metres higher.
 Two mountains in the Pamirs in China, Kongur Tagh (7,649 m) and Muztagh Ata (7,546 m), are higher than the Tajik summits.
Ismoil Somoni (Tajik: Исмоили Сомони ) is a town and jamoat in the Khatlon Province of Tajikistan.
 It is the capital of Bokhtar District.
Khunyang Chhish or Kunyang Chhish (Urdu: ‎ )is the second-highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram mountains of Pakistan.
 Alternate variations of the name include Kunyang Kish and Khiangyang Kish, among others.
 Its height, also sometimes given as 7823 m , is ranked 21st in the world and 8th in Pakistan.
The somoni (Tajik: cомонӣ , ISO 4217 code: TJS) is the currency of Tajikistan.
 It is subdivided into 100 diram (Tajik: дирам ).
 The currency is named after the father of the Tajik nation, Ismail Samani (also spelled "Ismoil Somoni").
