David Walsh Naughton (born February 13, 1951) is an American actor and singer known for his starring roles in the 1981 horror film, "An American Werewolf in London", and the 1980 Disney comedy, "Midnight Madness" as well as for a long running "Be a Pepper" ad campaign for beverage maker Dr Pepper.
 He also starred in the short-lived sitcom "Makin' It" and sang its hit theme song "Makin' It" giving him a Top 5 hit on the Billboard charts.
Deconstructed is a remix album by British band Bush, released on 11 November 1997, through Trauma Records.
 It did not feature any new material but was a collaborative effort between the band and various producers working in the electronic genre of music to remix some of the band's previously released songs. "
Mouth (The Stingray Mix)" was released as a single in 1997 and became a minor hit, due largely in part to it being featured prominently in both the trailer and the 1997 film "An American Werewolf in Paris".
Attention Please is the sixth studio album and second major label album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine.
 It was their first album of all new material since the band formed.
 The songs "Attention Please" and "Nothing to Prove" which both charted on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart at #30 and #23, respectively.
 Despite the album's success, it was not well promoted by the label and led the band to return to producing their albums independently for future releases.
 This album also featured a remix of the track "Turned Blue" which was featured on the "An American Werewolf in Paris" film soundtrack.
Thomas "Tom" Everett Scott (born September 7, 1970) is an American film, theatre and television actor.
 His film work includes a starring role as drummer Guy Patterson in the film "That Thing You Do!
", the protagonist in "An American Werewolf in Paris" and notable roles in "Boiler Room", "One True Thing", "Dead Man on Campus", "Because I Said So", and "La La Land".
An American Werewolf in Paris is a 1997 comedy horror film directed by Anthony Waller, co-written by Tim Burns, Tom Stern, and Waller, and starring Tom Everett Scott and Julie Delpy.
 It follows the general concept of, and is a loose sequel to, John Landis' 1981 film "An American Werewolf in London".
 The film is an international co-production between companies from the Netherlands, Luxembourg, the United States, and France.
Peter R. Adam (born May 29, 1957 in Pirmasens, Germany) is a film editor.
 He has worked on such films as "An American Werewolf in Paris", "Good Bye, Lenin!
", and "Anonymous".
 Adam was one of the first to use digital editing tools.
 He won the "Deutscher Filmpreis" for editing in 1998 for his work on "Comedian Harmonists".
An American Werewolf in London is a 1981 horror comedy film written and directed by John Landis and starring David Naughton, Jenny Agutter and Griffin Dunne.
 Two young American men, David Kessler (Naughton) and Jack Goodman (Dunne) are attacked by a werewolf on a backpacking holiday in England.
 With Jack killed, David is taken to a London hospital, where disturbing apparitions of his deceased friend inform him that he is a werewolf and will transform at the next full moon.
 Filming took place in London, Surrey and Wales.
"Mouth" is a 1996 song by British band Bush from their second album "Razorblade Suitcase".
 Though not released as a single, it was remixed by Bush under the pseudonym Stingray for the 1997 remix album "Deconstructed" and was released as a single on 7 October 1997, due largely in part to it being featured prominently in both the trailer and the 1997 film "An American Werewolf in Paris".
 The Stingray remix was the version that made the song popular and received airplay on radio peaking number 5 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.
Mexican Werewolf in Texas is a 2005 horror film directed by Scott Maginnis.
 The title is a reference to the 1981 horror comedy film "An American Werewolf in London", which was written and directed by John Landis and is in turn a possible reference to the 1928 symphonic poem "An American in Paris".
Julie Delpy (] ; born 21 December 1969) is a French-American actress, film director, screenwriter, and singer-songwriter.
 She studied filmmaking at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts and has directed, written, or acted in more than 30 films, including "Europa Europa" (1990), "Voyager" (1991), "" (1993), "Before Sunrise" (1995), "An American Werewolf in Paris" (1997), "Before Sunset" (2004), "2 Days in Paris" (2007), and "Before Midnight" (2013).
 She has been nominated for three César Awards, two Online Film Critics Society Awards, and two Academy Awards.
 After moving to the United States in 1990, she became an American citizen in 2001.
