Cleaver is a metafictional film within a TV-series that serves as an important plot element toward the end of the HBO television drama series "The Sopranos".
 Although very little film material is actually shown in the series, its planning and development are discussed at large throughout multiple seasons of the show.
 The extent to which Sopranos character Christopher Moltisanti mixes confidential and personal information about the Soprano mob family into the story elements of Cleaver is the focal point throughout its development.
 After the project eventually materializes, Cleaver can be categorized as a direct-to-DVD mafia-slasher film, described alternately as ""Saw" meets "the Godfather II"", ""the Ring" meets "The Godfather"", and "a story about a young man who goes to pieces and then manages to pull himself together again".
 Several characters are credited for their involvement in the project.
 The screenplay was written by J. T. Dolan based on a story by Christopher Moltisanti, directed by Morgan Yam and produced by Carmine Lupertazzi, Jr. and Moltisanti.
 The film starred Jonathan LaPaglia as Michael "the Cleaver" and Daniel Baldwin as mob boss Salvatore ("Sally Boy").
 Also starring as Sally-boy's key advisors are George Pogatsia as Frankie and Lenny Ligotti as Nicky.
 Moltisanti and Lupertazzi initially attempts to recruit Ben Kingsley to fill the role of the mafia don in "Luxury Lounge (6x07)," but Kingsley eventually turns down the part.
Giacomo Michael "Jackie" Aprile Sr., played by Michael Rispoli, is a fictional character on the HBO original series "The Sopranos".
 He was the first acting boss of the DiMeo Crime Family, after longtime reputed boss Ercole 'Eckley' DiMeo was sent to prison in 1995.
 He is based on DeCavalcante crime family acting mob boss Giacomo "Jake" Amari.
Michael "Mimi" Sabella (1911–1989) was a caporegime in the Bonanno crime family and a relative of Philadelphia crime family mob boss Salvatore Sabella.
Plymouth County Correctional Facility is a maximum-security prison located in Plymouth, Massachusetts Operated by the Plymouth County Sheriff's Department.
 The prison is the largest prison in Plymouth, and is much larger than the Massachusetts Correctional Institution - Plymouth, located in the Myles Standish State Forest.
 The prison is known for housing several celebrity inmates, most notably "" winner Richard Hatch, shoe-bomber Richard Reid, former President of Liberia Charles Taylor, reputed Boston mob boss James "Whitey" Bulger, as well as multiple murderer Gary Sampson, and former New England crime boss Francis "Cadillac Frank" Salemme.
George Musey, also known as "one-armed George Musey", was an associate mob boss in Galveston, Texas, during the 1920s and early 1930s.
 He, with the "Beau Brummel of Galveston" Johnny Jack Nounes, led the Downtown Gang, one of the two gangs which controlled Galveston underworld until the early 1930s.
 Musey was the gang's top enforcer and would not let anyone ruin the rise of the Downtown Gang.
 Bootlegging was his specialty, therefore, when the law would arrive to seize the illegal hooch, Musey always escaped.
 However, he was convicted on conspiracy liquor charges and sent to Atlanta Penitentiary.
 He went on to head the gang as Nounes's absence was in effect due to his prison terms.
 He was the only right-hand man to gang boss Nounes and he was the best acting boss the gang ever had.
 He was later assassinated in 1935, eight days after his 35th birthday.
Frank Sindone (1928 – October 29, 1980), also known as "Barracuda Frank", was a loan shark and soldier in the Bruno crime family who helped plot the 1980 murder of family mob boss Angelo Bruno.
Angelina Veneziano is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless".
 She is portrayed by Diana DeGarmo, who is famed for being runner-up on the third season of the reality television competition "American Idol".
 She was introduced by former executive producer and head writer Maria Arena Bell on October 31, 2011, as the daughter of mob boss Angelo Veneziano (Mike Starr).
 Angelina was described as a mob boss daughter and aspiring singer by Zap2it.
 DeGarmo described her as an over-the-top "jersey girl", and noted her flamboyant costumes and voice.
 The show's executive producer and head writer Maria Arena Bell offered DeGarmo the role of Veneziano after seeing her performance of Penny Pingleton in the musical production of "Hairspray".
Frank Ragano (January 25, 1923 – May 13, 1998) was a self-styled "mob lawyer" from Florida, who made his name representing organized crime figures such as Santo Trafficante, Jr. and Carlos Marcello, and also served as lawyer for Teamsters leader Jimmy Hoffa.
 In his 1994 autobiography "Mob Lawyer", Ragano recounted his career in defending members of organized crime, and made the controversial allegation that Florida mob boss Santo Trafficante, Jr. confessed to him shortly before he died in 1987 that he and Carlos Marcello had arranged for the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in 1963.
 These Kennedy assassination conspiracy theories have been called into serious question by others.
A crime boss, crime lord, mob boss, kingpin, or Don is a person in charge of a criminal organization.
 A boss typically has absolute or nearly absolute control over his subordinates, is greatly feared by his subordinates for his ruthlessness and willingness to take lives to exert his influence, and profits from the criminal endeavors in which his organization engages.
Raymond Patriarca Jr. (born February 24, 1945), a.k.a. Ray Junior and Junior, is a former gangster from Providence, Rhode Island and the son of Italian-American mob boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca, after whom the Patriarca crime family was named.
 The crime family has two factions: one in Providence, Rhode Island and the other in Boston, Massachusetts.
 He was boss of the crime family for six years after the 1984 death of his father.
