Saw II is a 2005 American horror film, a sequel to 2004's "Saw" and the second installment in the "Saw" franchise, directed and co-written by Darren Lynn Bousman and series creator Leigh Whannell.
 The film stars Donnie Wahlberg, Franky G, Glenn Plummer, Beverley Mitchell, Dina Meyer, Emmanuelle Vaugier, Erik Knudsen, Shawnee Smith, and Tobin Bell.
"Single" is the second single from New Kids on the Block's fifth studio album, "The Block", which is a duet with Ne-Yo.
 The lead vocals were sung by Joey McIntyre, Donnie Wahlberg, and Jordan Knight.
 Donnie also rapped in the song.
Painted Skin is a 2008 supernatural-fantasy film directed by Gordon Chan, starring Donnie Yen, Chen Kun, Zhou Xun, Zhao Wei, Betty Sun and Qi Yuwu.
 Although the film is based partly on a supernatural premise, it is more of an action-romance than a horror film.
 "Painted Skin" is based, very loosely, on "The Painted Skin", a short story from the "Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio".
 The theme song of the film, "Huà Xīn" (畫心; "Painted Heart"), was performed by Jane Zhang.
Dead Silence is a 2007 supernatural psychological horror film directed by James Wan and written by Leigh Whannell, the creators of "Saw".
 The film stars Ryan Kwanten, Judith Roberts, Donnie Wahlberg, and Amber Valletta.
"Dirty Dawg" is a song by NKOTB (formerly New Kids on the Block), which became their final single to chart on the Billboard Top 100 until the 2008 single "Summertime".
 It was featured on their 1994 album "Face the Music".
 The lead vocals were sung by Jordan Knight and Donnie Wahlberg rapped in the song, but he rapped only small bits during the instrumental breaks.
 There was another rap in the song featured by the former East Coast hip hop duo Nice & Smooth.
Paintings in My Mind is the second full-length studio release (third, if the "Republic of Idols" EP is counted) from pianist and singer-songwriter Tommy Page.
 Released in 1990, it features 10 tracks, all of which Page either wrote by himself or co-wrote.
 The single "I'll Be Your Everything" was co-written by Page, Jordan Knight, and Danny Wood; it became a smash hit in 1990, peaking at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Another New Kids on the Block alumnus, Donnie Wahlberg, contributed to the writing of the song "Turn on the Radio" (the second single).
 The album also features a duet with singer Sa-Fire on the song "Don't Give Up on Love."
Southie is a 1999 American film directed by John Shea and starring Donnie Wahlberg.
 The film centers on Danny Quinn (Wahlberg) who returns home to South Boston from New York City and gets stuck between his friends, who are supported by one Irish gang, and his family, which are members of another.
 The film also stars Rose McGowan, Anne Meara, Will Arnett, Jimmy Cummings, Lawrence Tierney, Robert Wahlberg, and Amanda Peet.
Butter (known as Never 2 Big in the United States) is a 1998 action film starring Ernie Hudson, Nia Long, Tony Todd and Donnie Wahlberg.
 It originally premiered on HBO as an HBO Original Film.
 It was later released to video by Artisan Entertainment as Never 2 Big in 1998 and on DVD in 2001.
First Lieutenant Clifford Carwood Lipton (30 January 1920 – 16 December 2001) was a commissioned officer with Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, in the 101st Airborne Division during World War II.
 Lipton was portrayed by Donnie Wahlberg in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers".
 On the battlefields of Europe, he was promoted to Company First Sergeant and ultimately was awarded a battlefield commission to Second Lieutenant.
 He said "it was the greatest honor ever awarded" to him.
 He eventually earned a promotion to First Lieutenant before leaving the Army.
 Lipton's life story was featured in the 2010 book "A Company of Heroes: Personal Memories about the Real Band of Brothers and the Legacy They Left Us."
Righteous Kill is a 2008 American crime thriller film with elements of a buddy cop film directed by Jon Avnet, and starring Al Pacino and Robert De Niro.
 This is the second film (the first one is "Heat") in which De Niro and Pacino appear together in the same scenes (both De Niro and Pacino starred in "The Godfather Part II", but did not appear in any of the same scenes).
 "Righteous Kill" also features John Leguizamo, Carla Gugino, Donnie Wahlberg, Brian Dennehy, and Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson.
 The film was released in the United States on September 12, 2008.
