The list of works by Nora Roberts includes all of the novels and novellas published by author Nora Roberts.
 The list is in order by year, and within each year it is in alphabetical order.
 It includes books published under the names Nora Roberts, J.D. Robb, and Jill March.
 The complete listing of J.D. Robb novels, in series order, can also be found at In Death.
Northern Lights, also known as Nora Roberts' Northern Lights, is a 2009 television film directed by Mike Robe, which stars Eddie Cibrian, LeAnn Rimes, and Rosanna Arquette.
 The film is based on the Nora Roberts novel of the same name and is part of the Nora Roberts 2009 movie collection, which also includes; "Midnight Bayou", "High Noon", and "Tribute".
 The film debuted March 21, 2009 on Lifetime.
Elizabeth Talbot, Countess of Shrewsbury (c. 1527–1608), known as Bess of Hardwick ("neé" Elizabeth Hardwick), of Hardwick Hall in Derbyshire, was a notable figure of Elizabethan English society.
 By a series of well-made marriages, she rose to the highest levels of English nobility and became enormously wealthy.
 Bess was a shrewd business woman, increasing her assets with business interests including mines and glass making workshops.
High Noon, also known as Nora Roberts' High Noon, is a 2009 television film directed by Peter Markle, which stars Emilie de Ravin and Ivan Sergei.
 The film is based on the Nora Roberts novel of the same name and is part of the Nora Roberts 2009 movie collection, which also includes "Northern Lights", "Midnight Bayou", and "Tribute".
 The film debuted April 4, 2009 on Lifetime Television.
Midnight Bayou, also known as Nora Roberts' Midnight Bayou, is a 2009 made-for-TV movie directed by Ralph Hemecker, which stars Jerry O'Connell, Lauren Stamile, and Faye Dunaway.
 The film is based on the Nora Roberts novel of the same name.
 And is part of the Nora Roberts 2009 movie collection, which also includes; "Northern Lights", "High Noon", and "Tribute".
 The movie debuted March 28, 2009 on Lifetime.
Carolina Moon is a 2007 American television film directed by Stephen Tolkin and starring Claire Forlani and Oliver Hudson.
 Based on the Nora Roberts novel "Carolina Moon", the film is about a woman with psychic visions who returns to her hometown to exorcise her demons and finds both danger and love.
 "Carolina Moon" is part of the Nora Roberts 2007 movie collection, which also includes "Angels Fall", "Blue Smoke", and "Montana Sky".
 The movie debuted February 19, 2007 on Lifetime Television.
Tribute, also known as Nora Roberts' Tribute, is a 2009 television film directed by Martha Coolidge, which stars Brittany Murphy and Jason Lewis.
 The film is based on the Nora Roberts novel of the same name.
 It is part of the Nora Roberts 2009 movie collection, which also includes "Northern Lights", "Midnight Bayou", and "High Noon".
 The movie debuted April 11, 2009 on Lifetime
Charlie Hardwick (born Claire Elizabeth Hardwick; 3 November 1960) is an English actress best known for playing Val Pollard from 2004 to 2015 in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale".
 For this role, she won the 2006 British Soap Award for Best Comedy Performance.
Montana Sky is a 2007 American television film directed by Mike Robe and starring Ashley Williams, John Corbett, and Charlotte Ross.
 Based on the Nora Roberts novel of the same name, the film is about a wealthy stock dealer who bequeaths his Montana farm to his three daughters, provided they live on the ranch together for at least one year.
 "Montana Sky" is part of the Nora Roberts 2007 movie collection, which also includes "Angels Fall", "Blue Smoke", and "Carolina Moon".
 The movie debuted on February 5, 2007 on Lifetime.
Blue Smoke is a 2007 American mystery thriller romantic drama television film directed by David Carson and starring Alicia Witt, Matthew Settle, and Scott Bakula.
 Written by Ronni Kern, based on the Nora Roberts novel of the same name, the film is about a beautiful arson investigator whose boyfriends are murdered in fires set by a stalker who traumatized her years earlier.
 "Blue Smoke" is part of the Nora Roberts 2007 movie collection, which also includes "Angels Fall", "Carolina Moon", and "Montana Sky".
 The film debuted February 12, 2007 on Lifetime Television.
