The 2001 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 The Gamecocks were led by Lou Holtz in his third season as head coach, and played their home games in Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina.
The 2006 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference during the college football season of 2006–2007.
 The Gamecocks were led by Steve Spurrier in his second season as USC head coach and played their home games in Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina.
The 2005 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference during the 2005 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 The Gamecocks were led by Steve Spurrier in his first season as USC head coach and played their home games in Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina.
The 1989 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina as an independent team in the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season finishing with a 6–4–1 record.
 The Gamecocks were led by Sparky Woods in his first year as head coach following the death of former head coach Joe Morrison.
 Morrison died of a fatal heart attack in February 1989 following the Gamecocks 1988 season.
The 1992 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the 1992 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 This was the first season for the Gamecocks as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
 In 1992 the SEC expanded to twelve teams and two divisions with South Carolina placed in the SEC East Division.
 The Gamecocks were led by Sparky Woods, in his fourth season as head coach, and finished the season with a 5–6 record.
 After beginning the season 0–5, Steve Taneyhill assumed the starting quarterback position and led the Gamecocks to a 5–1 finish.
The 2004 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 2004 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 The Gamecocks were led by Lou Holtz in his sixth and final season as head coach and played their home games in Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina.
 Although they were bowl eligible, South Carolina declined to accept a bid due to the team's involvement in the Clemson–South Carolina football brawl.
The 1998 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 1998 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 The Gamecocks were led by head coach Brad Scott and played their home games in Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina.
 Scott was fired following the end of the season, but was quickly hired as an assistant coach by Clemson.
 Lou Holtz was subsequently hired as South Carolina's new head coach.
The 2015 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Gamecocks competed as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) as part of its Eastern Division.
 The team was led by head coach Steve Spurrier, who was in his eleventh year before his resignation on October 12, 2015; co-offensive coordinator Shawn Elliott took over as interim head coach.
 They played their home games at Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina.
 They finished the season 3–9, 1–7 in SEC play to finish in a tie for sixth place in the Eastern Division.
The 2010 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The team's head football coach was Steve Spurrier, who was in his sixth season at USC.
 The Gamecocks played their home games at Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina and were members of the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference.
 The Gamecocks finished the season 9–5, 5–3 in SEC play to win the Eastern Division.
 They earned their first appearance in the SEC Championship where they were defeated by Auburn 17–56.
 They were invited to the Chick-fil-A Bowl, where they were defeated by Florida State 17–26.
The 2007 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference during the college football season of 2007–2008.
 The Gamecocks were led by Steve Spurrier in his third season as USC head coach and played their home games in Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina.
 The team was bowl eligible at 6–6 but was not selected for a bowl game.
