John DeNicola (born October 4, 1955) is an American songwriter and producer.
 He is best known for co-writing the song "(I've Had) The Time of My Life", for which he won both an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award, as well as receiving a Grammy nomination, in 1988.
 In 1989 he was the co-winner of ASCAP Awards' "Most Performed Songs from Motion Pictures" for "Time of My Life" as well as for "Hungry Eyes", another song from the film.
 In addition to "Dirty Dancing" hits for Bill Medley, Jennifer Warnes and Eric Carmen, he has also written songs with and for Eddie Money, John Waite, Kristine W, Steve Holy, Jeannie Kendall, Sugar Jones, Annie Haslam, Bernie Worrell, The Sighs and Martin Briley.
Jackie James is a Scottish singer/songwriter,keyboard player.
 James wrote the Million seller , "Heartbeat" for the group Steps, and went on to write more songs for the group.
 She has also written songs for Celine Dion, Jennifer Lopez and Kylie Minogue.
 Pete Waterman, who signed James to his music publishing company, and worked closely with her, said James was " as close as anyone one has come in the uk to legendary singer songwriting legend Carol King, in terms of having her songs record by other artists while retaining a separate successful solo performing career" (:Source "Music Week')
"Yatta!"
（やった "Hooray"） is a 2001 parody song by the fictional Japanese boy band Green Leaves (はっぱ隊 , "Happa-tai" ) .
 The song title, "yatta", is the past tense of the Japanese verb "yaru" ("to do"), an exclamation meaning "It's done!"
, "I did it!"
, "Ready!"
 or "All right!"
 The song was first performed as a sketch on the Japanese sketch comedy show "Adventures of a Laughing Dog" (笑う犬の冒険 , "Warau Inu no Bōken" ) , known as "Silly Go Lucky" in the United States, where Happa-tai is portrayed by some of Japan's most well-known comedians.
 The song was written by Hideki Fujisawa, otherwise known as Dance Man (dansu man;ダンス☆マン), who has also written songs for Morning Musume and the animated TV series "Sgt. Frog".
Scott Harris Friedman is an American multi-platinum songwriter, producer, and musician best known for his work with Shawn Mendes and co-writing hit song "Don't Let Me Down" by The Chainsmokers featuring Daya, which reached #1 on the US Mainstream Top 40 chart in 2016.
 Harris has 10 songs on Shawn Mendes' sophomore album "Illuminate" including the lead single "Treat You Better" which reached the top 3 at the US Mainstream Top 40 chart, "There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back which hit number 1 at the US Mainstream Top 40 chart and 10 songs on Shawn Mendes' debut album Handwritten which debuted at number 1 on the "Billboard" 200.
 Harris has also written songs for a number of artists, including Jessie J, Melanie Martinez, X Ambassadors, and Tiesto; he co-wrote every song on The Shawn Mendes EP in 2014, which debuted at number five on the "Billboard" 200.
Pebe Sebert is an American singer, songwriter, and multi instrumentalist who is known for writing the number one single "Old Flames Can't Hold a Candle to You" by Dolly Parton and also writing many songs with her daughter Kesha.
 Sebert has also written songs for Miranda Cosgrove, Miley Cyrus, Pitbull, School Gyrls, Riders in the Sky, and Joe Sun.
American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars has written and recorded songs for his studio albums, "Doo-Wops & Hooligans" (2010) and "Unorthodox Jukebox" (2012), and has written songs for other singers.
 The Smeezingtons (Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine) worked in the majority of the songs in Mars' debut studio album, including writing "Count on Me" and "Marry You" together.
 The team collaborated with Khari Cain and Khalil Walton on the album's lead single "Just the Way You Are", peaking at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Mars explained "I wasn't thinking of anything deep or poetic.
 I was telling a story."
 Mars co-wrote and co-produced the song "Talking to the Moon" with Grammy Award winning producer Jeff Bhasker.
 The single "Grenade", was conceptualised after Mars heard an unreleased track with similar lyrical themes.
 Mars' follow-up album, in addition to reunite collaborators from his previous album, such as The Smeezingtons and Jeff Bhasker, included new composers, such as Mark Ronson and Emile Haynie.
 All of these producers worked on the lead single "Locked Out of Heaven".
 The song concerns a relationship infused with positive emotion and good sex.
 The idea behind the second single, "When I Was Your Man", is the regret of letting a girl get away.
 Several of the songs were written solely by his production team, including the lead single, "If I Knew" and the single "Gorilla"
Guilherme Arantes (] ) is a Brazilian singer-songwriter and pianist.
 As a teenager, he was a member of the band "Os Polissonantes", which also featured Brazilian actor Kadu Moliterno on bass guitar.
 In 1969, Arantes started the band "Moto Perpétuo" with fellow students from USP's architecture course.
 It was with Moto Perpétuo that Arantes got his first taste of touring and recording in a studio.
 The band split up in 1974 as Arantes wanted to pursue a more commercial, pop style of music.
 Arantes dropped out of university to dedicate himself to his solo career, and in 1976, his song "Meu mundo e nada mais" (My world and nothing more) was picked by Rede Globo to feature in the soundtrack for the telenovela "Anjo Mau".
 The song was a hit, and Arantes toured the country for the first time.
 His first self-titled album was released the same year on Globo's Som Livre label.
 The song "Cuide-se bem" (Take good care) from the same record, was also picked by Globo for another telenovela, "Duas Vidas".
 Arantes went on to write another 23 songs for Globo's telenovelas, most of which became radio hits.
 Besides his solo work, he has also written songs for artists such as Gang 90 & Absurdettes, Elis Regina, Marina Lima and Maria Bethânia.
Walter Marks is a songwriter, playwright, screenwriter, and novelist.
 He is probably best known for his song "I've Gotta be Me", recorded by Sammy Davis, Tony Bennett, Michael Jackson and many others.
 He has also written songs recorded by Barbra Streisand, The Temptations, Della Reese, Little Anthony and the Imperials, Steve Lawrence, Eydie Gorme, and other artists.
Hiromi Sato (佐藤 ひろ美 , Satō Hiromi , born December 10, 1970) is a female Japanese singer and songwriter from Iwate Prefecture.
 She has performed for songs for games and anime, such as "Mizuiro", "Please Twins!
", "Green Green", and the "Galaxy Angel" games.
 She has also written songs for other artists.
 Prior to December 10, 2005, her name was written as 佐藤裕美.
 She is affiliated with ARIA Entertainment and their composing group Elements Garden.
 She runs the company S Inc.
Jessica Ashley Karpov better known as Jessica Ashley, is an American R&B singer, currently signed to M2V/Epic Records.
 She gained popularity and a large following by posting YouTube cover videos for several years.
 In addition to her career as a recording artist, Ashley has written songs for JoJo, MKTO, Maude, Madison Beer, Charlie XCX and Britney Spears.
 She is currently recording her debut studio album with Evan Bogart and Eman Kirakou.
