Doctor Wily (Dr.ワイリー , Dokutā Wairi ) , ( ) full name Albert W. Wily, is a video game character and the main antagonist of the original "Mega Man" series.
 He appeared in the first "Mega Man" video game and later in promotions and other media related to the series.
 In Japanese, he is voiced by Takeshi Aono in all appearances except "" and its sequel, as well as "", where he instead was voiced by Kenichi-Ogata; in English, the character is voiced by Dean Galloway, Douglas Kendall, Ian James Corlett and Scott McNeil voicing the character in "Mega Man Powered Up", "Mega Man 8", "", and the animated series, respectively.
Edmond Honda (エドモンド 本田 , Edomondo Honda ) , more commonly known as E. Honda, is a video game character created by Capcom for the "Street Fighter" series of fighting games. Introduced in "Street Fighter II" as part of the starting lineup, he has appeared in "Street Fighter Alpha 3", "Street Fighter IV", and the "Capcom vs. SNK" series, as well as several cameos.
 Honda is a professional sumo wrestler and "sentō" proprietor.
 He is one of the original eight playable characters in "Street Fighter II", representing Japan alongside Ryu.
Birdie (バーディー , Bādī ) is a video game character from the "Street Fighter" series of fighting games by Capcom.
 He debuted in the first "Street Fighter" as a non-playable character though he later made prominent appearances in the three "Street Fighter Alpha" games.
 His first appearance depicted him as a late 1970s tall white British punk rocker, but he later reappeared in the "Alpha" series as a hulking black British punk.
Cody (コーディー , Kōdī ) is a video game character who debuted as the lead character of Capcom's 1989 beat-em-up "Final Fight".
 He would appear as a playable character in "Street Fighter Alpha 3" and later "Final Fight"-related spin-offs.
 Cody is an American street brawler and vigilante who specializes in knife fighting.
 He was given the full name Cody Travers in "".
 The character's reception has been mostly positive.
Cammy White (キャミィ・ホワイト , Kyamī Howaito ) , also known as Cammy (キャミィ , Kyamī ) and the codename Killer Bee (キラービー , Kirā Bī ) in "Street Fighter Alpha 3", is a video game character in the "Street Fighter" fighting game series and the second female fighter to appear in the series, after Chun-Li.
 She debuted in 1993 as one of the four new characters in "Super Street Fighter II: The New Challengers".
 She has also been featured in the "Street Fighter Alpha" games, first as a secret character and then as a playable character.
 The games explore her backstory as one of the evil M. Bison's deadliest assassins or "dolls" turned an amnesiac MI6 operative for the British government.
Rolento F. Schugerg (ロレント・F・シュゲルグ , Rorento Efu Shugerugu ) , is a video game character from both the "Final Fight" and "Street Fighter" series.
 Like Sodom before him, he first appeared as a boss character in "Final Fight", but later evolved into a playable fighter in "Street Fighter Alpha 2".
Guy (ガイ , Gai ) is a video game character who first appeared in the 1989 arcade beat-em-up "Final Fight" by Capcom.
 Guy, along with other "Final Fight" series characters, has also been a recurring player character in the "Street Fighter" fighting game series since "Street Fighter Alpha: Warriors' Dreams" in 1995.
 Guy is a crimson-clad ninpō master of Japanese descent who has been taught the Bushin (武神 , Warrior God ) form of ninjutsu.
 The kanji, 武神, written on Guy's top literally translates to "God of War".
Catherine Davis "Kate" Higgins (born August 16, 1969 in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S.), also known as Kate Davis, is an American voice actress, singer and jazz pianist.
 Her major voice roles have been in English-language adaptations of Japanese anime, and is best known as the voice of Sakura Haruno in "Naruto".
 She has also voiced C.C. in "Code Geass" and Saber in the original "Fate/stay Night".
 In 2010, she voiced Miles "Tails" Prower in the video game series "Sonic the Hedgehog".
 She also voices Kate, Stinky and Lilly in the "Alpha and Omega" sequels.
 In 2014, She became the voice of Ami Mizuno / Sailor Mercury in the Viz English dub of "Sailor Moon".
Omega Quintet (オメガクインテット , Omega Kuintetto ) is a video game developed by Galapagos RPG, a subsidiary of Compile Heart, for the PlayStation 4.
 A hybrid between an idol simulation game and a role-playing video game, the player plays as Takuto, the manager of the Verse Maidens, an idol group that use the power of song and dance to fight off a phenomenon called the "Beep" and save the world.
 "Omega Quintet" is the first game by Compile Heart for the PlayStation 4, and also the first retail game for the PS4 to utilize PlayStation Move.
 An English version of the game, available in both digital and retail format, has been announced, and was released on April 28, 2015 in the United States and in Europe on 1 May 2015.
 A Microsoft Windows version, produced and published by Ghostlight, will be released in 2017.
Robert Garcia (ロバート・ガルシア , Robāto Garushia ) is a video game character created by SNK.
 Robert stars in the fighting video game "Art of Fighting" as the lead character along his best friend Ryo Sakazaki.
 The game has both of them as practitioners of the Kyokugenryu Karate fighting who search for Ryo's younger sister, Yuri Sakazaki, who was kidnapped by a criminal named Mr. Big.
 He is additionally featured in most of "The King of Fighters" crossover games, in which starts into the King of Fighters tournament in teams composed of three members.
 Thus far, he has been a playable character in every edition of "KOF" except "The King of Fighters XI"; however, he has been added back in for the PlayStation 2 version of the game.
