Malus baccata is an Asian species of apple known by the common names Siberian crab apple, Siberian crab, Manchurian crab apple and Chinese crab apple.
 It is native to much of northern Asia, but is also grown elsewhere as an ornamental tree and for rootstock.
 It is used for bonsai.
 It bears plentiful fragrant white flowers and edible red to yellow fruit of about 1 cm diameter.
Robbie Ribspreader is the reclusive b-movie screenwriter of such films as "Doomed to Consume," "She-Demons of the Black Sun," "Tender Flesh For Zombie Goddess," and others.
 His film "Purple Glow" (directed by Sv Bell) was screened in 2005 at the Fantasia Festival and took first place in the science-fiction category at the 2005 Wreck-Beach Film Festival.
 He is known throughout the industry as the fastest screenwriter on the underground scene, and has worked with a variety of filmmakers on many different projects simultaneously.
Straightneck squash (one of several cultivated "Cucurbita pepo") is a type of summer squash that is usually yellow-colored.
 It is also known as yellow summer squash, though that nomenclature is not wholly accurate.
 The crookneck squash looks similar but has a crooked neck.
 It has mildly sweet and watery flesh, and thin tender skins that can be left on the fruit for many types of recipes.
 It was almost certainly domesticated in the eastern United States, although other variants of the same species (zucchini and pumpkin) were domesticated in Mesoamerica.
 This squash grows on vined plants reaching 60-90 cm in height that thrive in mild weather.
 It is well known as an item in American cooking where it is fried, microwaved, steamed, boiled, or baked.
 It is often used in recipes interchangeably with zucchini.
 A good yellow summer squash will be small and firm with tender skin free of blemishes and bruising.
 It is available all year long in some regions, but is at its peak from early through late summer.
 One similar inedible "C. pepo" variety is "C. pepo" var.
 "ovifera".
The Type 067 landing craft, utility (NATO codename: Yunnan class), also known as "Yunnan" class, entered the People's Liberation Army Navy service from 1968–1972.
 This class is the enlarged version of Yuch'in class landing craft mechanized, developed into a landing craft tank (LCT) capable of carrying either a medium tank, or two armored fighting vehicles, or a company of infantry.
 Some Type 067 have been converted to buoy tender/cable layers, designated as Type 911, which includes two sub types, Type 911I and Type 911II, one for buoy tender, the other for cable layer.
Gari (ガリ ) is a type of tsukemono (pickled vegetables).
 It is sweet, thinly sliced young ginger that has been marinated in a solution of sugar and vinegar.
 Young ginger is generally preferred for gari because of its tender flesh and natural sweetness.
 Gari is often served and eaten after sushi, and is sometimes called sushi ginger.
 It is considered to be essential in the presentation of sushi.
 It is used to cleanse the palate between eating different pieces of sushi, or alternatively before or after the meal.
The Dungeness crab, Metacarcinus magister (the naming convention recognized by WoRMS) or Cancer magister (the naming convention recognized by ITIS), is a species of crab that inhabits eelgrass beds and water bottoms on the west coast of North America.
 It typically grows to 20 cm across the carapace and is a popular seafood prized for its sweet and tender flesh.
 Its common name comes from the port of Dungeness, Washington.
A crab cracker (also known as a lobster cracker or crab claw cracker) is a specialized food utensil, similar in construction (and sometimes appearance) to certain types of nutcrackers, used to crack the hard shells of crabs and lobsters by pulling the two handles together to access the flesh inside, while preparing or eating them.
Crab Louie salad, also known as Crab Louis Salad or the King of Salads, is a type of salad featuring crab meat.
 The recipe dates back to the early 1900s and originates on the West Coast of America.
Flies in the family Sarcophagidae (from the Greek σάρκο "sarco-" = flesh, φάγε "phage" = eating; the same roots as the word "sarcophagus") are commonly known as flesh flies.
 They differ from most flies in that they are ovoviviparous, opportunistically depositing hatched or hatching maggots instead of eggs on carrion, dung, decaying material, or open wounds of mammals, hence their common name.
 Some flesh fly larvae are internal parasites of other insects such as Orthoptera, and some, in particular the Miltogramminae, are kleptoparasites of solitary Hymenoptera.
 The adults mostly feed on fluids from animal bodies, nectar, sweet foods, fluids from animal waste and other organic substances.
 Juveniles need protein to develop and may be laid on carrion, dung or sweet plant foods (including fruit, nuts, and artificial foodstuffs).
Cancer pagurus, commonly known as the edible crab or brown crab, is a species of crab found in the North Sea, North Atlantic Ocean and perhaps in the Mediterranean Sea.
 It is a robust crab of a reddish-brown colour, having an oval carapace with a characteristic "pie crust" edge and black tips to the claws.
 A mature adult may have a carapace width of up to 25 cm and weigh up to 3 kg .
 "C. pagurus" is a nocturnal predator, targeting a range of molluscs and crustaceans.
 It is the subject of the largest crab fishery in Western Europe, centred on the coasts of the British Isles, with more than 60,000 tonnes caught annually.
