Vellai Roja (English: "White Rose") is a 1983 Indian Tamil-language film, directed by A. Jagannathan and produced by V. Viswanathan.
 The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Ambika, Prabhu and Radha in lead roles.
 The film had musical score by Ilayaraja.
 It is a remake of the Malayalam film "Post Mortem".
 It was remade in Kannada as "Dharmathma " in 1988 with Tiger Prabhakar reprising the role of Sivaji Ganesan and Shankar Nag reprising the role of Prabhu].
 This film was later made in Hindi as "Tahqiqaat" in 1993 with Jeetendra in the lead.
Uthama Puthiran (English: "Virtuous Son" ) is a 1958 Indian Tamil-language historical action film directed by Tatineni Prakash Rao.
 The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Padmini and M. N. Nambiar in the lead roles, while K. A. Thangavelu, Ragini and P. Kannamba play supporting roles.
 It is the first film to feature Sivaji Ganesan in two distinct roles.
 The film was released on 7 February 1958, and ran for over 100 days in theatres.
 The film was also released in Telugu as "Veera Prathap" and in Hindi as "Sitamgar".
Paradesi or Poongothai is a 1953 Telugu-Tamil bilingual Romance film, produced by P. Adinarayana Rao on Anjali pictures banner and directed by L. V. Prasad.
 Starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Anjali Devi, Sivaji Ganesan in the lead roles and music also composed by P. Adinarayana Rao.
 The film is remake of Hindi Movie "Raj Rani" (1950) and it is the first debut to Sivaji Ganesan into film industry.
 No print of "Poongothai" is known to survive, making it a lost film.
Ganapathi Subramania Sarma (17 November 1920 – 22 March 2005), better known by his stage name Gemini Ganesan, was an Indian film actor who worked mainly in Tamil cinema.
 He was nicknamed "Kadhal Mannan" (King of Romance) for the romantic roles he played in films.
 Ganesan was one among the "three biggest names of Tamil cinema", the other two being M. G. Ramachandran (known by his name's acronyms as MGR) and Sivaji Ganesan.
 While Sivaji Ganesan excelled in films with drama, and MGR dominated films with fight sequences, Gemini Ganesan held his own with sensitive portrayals of the yearning lover.
 A recipient of the Padmashree in 1971, he had also won several other prestigious awards such as the "Kalaimamani", "MGR Gold Medal" and "Screen Lifetime Achievement Award".
 He came from an orthodox Brahmin family, and was one of the few graduates to enter the film industry at that time.
Autobiography of an Actor: Sivaji Ganesan, October 1928-July 2001 is the autobiography of Indian actor Sivaji Ganesan published by Sivaji Prabhu Charities Trust.
 It is a compilation of interviews between Ganesan and journalist T. S. Narayanaswamy.
 The book was originally published in Tamil under the title Enathu Suya Sarithai (English: "My Autobiography" ) in 2002, and the English translated version by Sabita Radhakrishna was released in 2007.
"Vietnam Veedu" Sundaram was a popular Tamil scriptwriter and director.
 He has written scripts for nearly all the actors and wrote for 8 films starring Sivaji Ganesan after 1970.
 His directorial ventures Gauravam, Gnana Paravai, Vijaya, Devi Sri Kumariamman and Payanam are considered cult classics.
 He was the writer for Tamil classics like Vietnam Veedu, Gnana Oli, Satyam, Grihapravesam, Justice Gopinath Annan Oru Koyil starring Sivaji Ganesan, Naan Yen Pirandhen, Naalai Namadhe starring  M. G. Ramachandran.
 He has directed more than a dozen films and is well known for his family themes.
 His stories have been made into films in Telugu, Kannada and Hindi.
 He has turned actor on the small screen and films after 1998 and has to his credit quite a few television serials.
Sathyam is a 1976 Indian Tamil film, directed by S. A. Kannan and produced by P. M. Shanmugam and S. A. Kannan.
 The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Devika, Jayachitra and M. N. Nambiar in lead roles.
 The film had musical score by K V Mahadevan.
 The film has Kamal Haasan playing the younger brother of Sivaji Ganesan.
Sivaji Ganesan memorial is a memorial for veteran Tamil actor Sivaji Ganesan, located in Chennai, India.
 It is located on Durgabai Deshmukh Road in Adyar, a southern neighbourhood of the city.
Navarathri ("Nine Nights") is a 1964 Tamil Drama film by A. P. Nagarajan.
 The film is well known for starring Sivaji Ganesan in nine distinct roles: the basic emotions - wonder, fear, compassion, anger, peace, love, courage, repulsion and happiness.
 It was Sivaji's 100th film he acted.
 "Navarathri" traces Nalina's (Savitri) experience of these nine emotions on nine consecutive nights.
 The record of playing most number of roles in one Indian film was made by Sivaji Ganesan followed by Telugu with the same title and in Hindi as "Naya Din Nai Raat" (1974)with Sanjeev Kumar and Kamal Haasan in "Dasavathaaram" (2008).
Rajaraja Cholan is a 1973 Tamil film about the life of the Chola king Rajaraja Chola.
 The film has Sivaji Ganesan playing the title role.
 This high-budget production was the first CinemaScope film to be released in Tamil.
Famous violin artist Kunnakudi Vaidhyanathan composer of music for the movie.
 Sivaji Ganesan's portrayal as Rajaraja Chola was critically acclaimed.
