St. George was a census-designated place (CDP) in Broward County, Florida, United States.
 The population was 2,450 at the 2000 census.
 It now serves as a neighborhood of Lauderhill, Florida.
Boyd H. Anderson High School (also called "Boyd Anderson", or "B.A.", located in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida) is an suburban high school in Broward County.
 Boyd H. Anderson serves Lauderdale Lakes, and parts of Tamarac, North Lauderdale, Oakland Park, Fort Lauderdale and Lauderhill.
 Boyd H. Anderson High School is located in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida.
 We serve 1900 students who have the opportunity to enroll in one of our two Magnet programs.
 The International Baccalaureate (IB), which houses the Middle Years Programme, the Career-related Programme, as well as the Diploma Programme, gives students the opportunity to engage in a curriculum that gives a global perspective, while preparing them for exams that will earn them up to 4 semesters of college credits and the possibility of a guaranteed Bright Futures Academic Scholarship.
 The school also has a Health and Wellness Program, which, prepares students to get State certified in Electrocardiogram (EKC), Certified Medical Administrative Assistant (CMAA), and Personal Training.
 The Culinary program prepares students to gain certification in Self Serve and Prostart, which enables students to apply for jobs in local restaurants and hotels.
Perry E. Thurston, Jr. (born January 30, 1961) is a Democratic politician who has served as a member of the Florida Senate since 2016.
 He currently represents the 33rd district, which encompasses Lauderhill, Lauderdale Lakes, North Lauderdale, Margate, Oakland Park, and surrounding areas in Broward County.
 He previously served four terms in the Florida House of Representatives, representing the Fort Lauderdale area from 2006 to 2014, and was the House minority leader in his final term.
 Thurston was an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination for Attorney General of Florida in 2014.
Morris "Morrie' Elis (August 28, 1907 – May 31, 1992 in Lauderhill, Florida) was an American bridge player.
 Elis was from Lauderhill, and was a graduate of New York University.
"Flatline" is a song by American rapper B.o.B, initially released on SoundCloud in January 2016.
 "Flatline" is a diss song aimed at physicist Neil DeGrasse Tyson, who he had gotten into an argument with on Twitter, over B.o.B's stated belief that the earth is flat.
 In addition to dissing Tyson and expressing belief in a flat earth, the song's lyrics also include other conspiracy theories, including Holocaust denial, "mirror lizards", and the belief that Freemasons are indoctrinating young people.
 The lyrics to the song refer to science as a cult.
 Following criticism, B.o.B removed the song from his SoundCloud account, but it survives on YouTube and other sites where it was reposted.
 In April 2016, B.o.B included the song on a mixtape titled "E.A.R.T.H. (Educational Avatar Reality Training Habitat)", but the song lyrics had been rewritten as titled as pt.
 2.
Jahseh Dwayne Onfroy (born January 23, 1998), known professionally as XXXTentacion (stylized as XXXTENTACION and xxxtentacion) , and often referred to as X; is an American rapper, singer and songwriter from Lauderhill, Florida.
 He is known for his distorted production and violent lyrics.
Lauderhill, officially the City of Lauderhill, is a city in Broward County, Florida, United States.
 As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 66,887.
 It is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area, which was home to an estimated 6,012,331 people at the 2015 census.
 Its sister city is Chaguanas, Trinidad and Tobago.
"Escapades" is a song recorded by American rapper Azealia Banks for her upcoming sophomore album, "".
 Production of the song was handled by O/W/W/W/L/S, while the song was penned by Banks alone.
 The original version of the song was released as a free streaming single, on June 26, 2017, to Banks' SoundCloud.
 The "Radio Edit" of the song was released to SoundCloud on August 9, 2017.
 On September 1, 2017, Banks released the final version of the song to iTunes.
Soundcloud rap is a genre mixing lo-fi music with hip hop music that had originated on Soundcloud.
 DLBCovers, Playboi Carti, Lil Pump, and Denzel Curry are often cited as examples as well as XXXTentacion with heavy metal influence.
"Fuck Ugly God", censored as "F*ck Ugly God" is a single by American rapper Ugly God.
 The song was released on June 27, 2017 on Ugly God's SoundCloud account and on the same day it was released for digital download as a single by Asylum Records.
 It is the second single from his debut mixtape "The Booty Tape" after "Water".
 The track was produced by ParisVVS.
 The song currently has over 7 million plays on SoundCloud.
