Pumping Iron & Sweating Steel: The Best of the Iron City Houserockers is a compilation album by the Iron City Houserockers.
 Released in 1992 under Rhino Records, it was at that time the only Iron City Houserockers material available on compact disc ("Love's So Tough" and "Have a Good Time but Get out Alive!"
 would not be reissued on CD for another seven years after this compilation appeared).
 The disc covers all four of the Iron City Houserockers albums from the late seventies and early eighties and places them in chronological order with a few extra tracks thrown in to make it a worthy buy for collectors.
 Tracks 1–5 were taken from "Love's So Tough", with "School Days", a Chuck Berry cover, being an unreleased outtake from that album.
 Tracks 6–11 were taken from "Have a Good Time but Get out Alive!
", but with the single edit version of "Junior's Bar".
 Tracks 12–15 were taken from "Blood on the Bricks", tracks 16–17 from "Cracking Under Pressure" and "Goodbye Steeltown", a Joe Grushecky single released in August 1984 (after the band had broken up), was included as the final song.
 The songs were remastered for compact disc by Bill Inglot.
Robby Robinson (born May 24, 1946) is an American former professional bodybuilder.
 Known early in his career as Robin Robinson, he is also known as The Black Prince and Mr Lifestyle.
 He won various competitions including Mr America, Mr World, Mr Universe, Masters Olympia, and other titles of the International Federation of BodyBuilding & Fitness (IFBB), and appeared in several films (including the landmark docudrama "Pumping Iron") over a 27-year career as a professional bodybuilder, retiring from competition in 2001 at the age of 55.
Pumping Iron is a 1977 docudrama about the world of professional bodybuilding, with a focus on the 1975 IFBB Mr. Universe and 1975 Mr. Olympia competitions.
 Directed by George Butler and Robert Fiore, it is inspired by a book of the same name by Butler and Charles Gaines, and nominally centers on the competition between Arnold Schwarzenegger and one of his primary competitors for the title of Mr. Olympia, Lou Ferrigno.
 The film also features segments on bodybuilders Franco Columbu and Mike Katz, in addition to appearances by Ken Waller, Ed Corney, Serge Nubret, and other famous bodybuilders of the era.
Pumping Iron II: The Women is a 1985 documentary film about female bodybuilding, focusing on several women as they prepare for and compete in the 1983 Caesars World Cup.
Joseph James Shepley (born in Yonkers, New York on August 7, 1930; March 26, 2016) was an American jazz trumpeter.
 He worked with Burt Collins, Mike Longo, Duke Pearson and others.
 He can be heard in the docudrama Pumping Iron.
Love's So Tough is a studio album by the Iron City Houserockers.
 Released in 1979, the Iron City Houserocker's first album attempts to capture the presence of what was essentially a Pittsburgh bar band playing to a blue collar crowd every night.
 While Joe Grushecky's songwriting skills are clearly still developing, his potential is visible in cuts such as "Dance with Me" and "Heros Are Hard to Find".
 The general sound of the album is reminiscent of a slightly "harder" Bruce Springsteen, and the heavy use of harmonica would be a distinguishing factor of the Houserockers for several albums to come.
 The Chuck Berry song "School Days (Ring!
 Ring!
 Goes the Bell)" was recorded for the album but was cut from the final release.
 The track was then released on "Pumping Iron & Sweating Steel: The Best of the Iron City Houserockers".
 The album was reissued in CD format in 1999.
"Bodybuilders" was originally shot and aired as an episode of the Discovery Channel documentary series called "On the Inside".
 This particular episode went into the sport of bodybuilding at the turn of the millennium, bringing light to various depths of bodybuilding that the general public had little awareness of at the time—particularly natural bodybuilding.
 This episode aired for 8 years on 4 different networks.
 It inspired countless of thousands of people to achieve healthier greater physiques.
 Of all the bodybuilding documentaries, in terms of popularity, it comes second only to "Pumping Iron", which was the documentary that turned Arnold Schwarzenegger into a household name.
 It also featured the former Incredible Hulk actor, Lou Ferrigno.
Gary Scalese was an American rock musician and the lead guitarist on the Iron City Houserockers first album, "Love's So Tough".
 He is credited on Joe Grushecky's Myspace page as "Gary Scalese (R.I.P.)".
 He died of natural causes at the age of 38 on Friday, August 24, 1990 in St. Petersburg, Florida.
 He is also credited on two compilation albums, "Pumping Iron & Sweating Steel: The Best of the Iron City Houserockers" and "Outtakes And Demos 1975–2003" for work done during the 1975–1979 period.
Kenny "Ken" Waller (born March 20, 1942) is an American former bodybuilder featured in the 1977 movie "Pumping Iron", which starred Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 Waller also won the 1975 International Federation of Bodybuilders (IFBB) Mr. Universe contest in Pretoria, South Africa.
 He was known for his curly red hair and freckles — to this day, one of the very rare redheaded professional bodybuilders in the sport — and his graceful, confident posing style.
Michael Katz (born November 14, 1944) is a former American IFBB professional bodybuilder and former professional football player with the New York Jets, most famous for his appearance with Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 1977 bodybuilding documentary film "Pumping Iron".
