The 2013 Texas Longhorns football team (variously "Texas," "UT," the "Longhorns," or the "Horns") represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season, as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
 The Longhorns were led by 16th-year head coach Mack Brown and played their home games at Darrell K Royal–Texas Memorial Stadium (DKR).
 The team was also coached by offensive coordinators Major Applewhite and Darrell Wyatt, as well as defensive coordinator Greg Robinson; Manny Diaz was defensive coordinator to begin the season but was fired following the team's second game against Brigham Young (BYU).
The 2017 Wyoming Cowboys football team represents the University of Wyoming during the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Cowboys are coached by fourth-year head coach Craig Bohl and play their home games at War Memorial Stadium.
 They participate in the Mountain Division of the Mountain West Conference.
 This is their first year with new defensive coordinator Scottie Hazelton, who was previously an NFL linebackers coach with Jacksonville Jaguars for three seasons and was also Bohl's defensive coordinator for two seasons at North Dakota State.
The 2013 Western Carolina Catamounts football team represented Western Carolina University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Southern Conference.
 They were led by second year head coach Mark Speir and played their home games at Bob Waters Field at E. J. Whitmire Stadium.
 The Catamounts entered this season with a new defensive coordinator, Shawn Quinn, who joined the team after serving two seasons in the same position at Charleston Southern University.
 They finished the season 2–10, 1–7 in SoCon play to finish in a tie for eighth place.
The 2015 Texas Longhorns football team, known variously as "Texas", "UT", the "Longhorns", or the "Horns", was a collegiate American football team that represented the University of Texas at Austin as a member of the Big 12 Conference in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The team played its home games at Darrell K Royal–Texas Memorial Stadium in Austin, Texas, where the team is based.
 The Longhorns were led by second-year head coach Charlie Strong.
 Shawn Watson and Joe Wickline ran the offense.
 Vance Bedford served as defensive coordinator.
 They finished the season 5–7, 4–5 in Big 12 play to finish in a three way tie for fifth place.
The 2016 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Gamecocks played their home games at Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina and competed in the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
 The Gamecocks first-year head coach was Will Muschamp, with Kurt Roper as offensive coordinator and Travaris Robinson as defensive coordinator.
 They finished the season 6–7, 3–5 in SEC play to finish in a tie for fifth place in the Eastern Division.
 They were invited to the Birmingham Bowl where they lost to South Florida in overtime.
The 2016 Texas Longhorns football team, known variously as "Texas", "UT", the "Longhorns", or the "Horns", was a collegiate American football team representing the University of Texas at Austin as a member of the Big 12 Conference in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season; the 2016 team was the 124th to represent the university in college football.
 The Longhorns were led by third-year head coach Charlie Strong with Sterlin Gilbert as the team's offensive coordinator and Vance Bedford as the team's defensive coordinator.
 The team played its home games at Darrell K Royal–Texas Memorial Stadium in Austin, Texas, where the team is based.
The 2013 Weber State Wildcats football team represented Weber State University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
 Jody Sears returned as the head coach for the 2013 season, after being the interim head coach during 2012, and will be working with a new offensive coordinator and defensive coordinator in Robin Pflugrad and Eric Lewis.
 Weber State played their home games at Stewart Stadium.
 They were a member of the Big Sky Conference.
 They finished the season 2–10, 1–7 in Big Sky play to finish in a tie for 11th place.
The Trenton Lightning were an indoor professional football team founded in 2000 by owner/general manager, Phillip J. Subhan and local businessman, Kenneth Samu.
 The team started the 2001 season in the Indoor Professional Football League (IPFL) and were led by head coach (ex-NFL RB) Vaughn Hebron (played for the Philadelphia Eagles, Denver Broncos and Indianapolis Colts) and the team played its home games at the Sovereign Bank Arena, capacity 7,605 in Trenton, NJ.
 The team was originally scheduled for a 16-game season (eight home and eight away games), But, the team was to fold after only 6 games.
 The team's Director of Football operations was Marty Yukichak and the team had a front office staff of seven others in addition to a coaching staff of eight, including Hebron.
 The team's defensive coordinator was Chuck Murphy and offensive coordinator was Tom Cocuzza.
The 2012 Arkansas State Red Wolves football team represents Arkansas State University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 They were led by first year head coach Gus Malzahn and played their home games at Liberty Bank Stadium as members of the Sun Belt Conference.
 Arkansas State recorded a Sun Belt conference championship on the way to a 10-3 season.
 Malzahn vacated the position prior to the team's bowl game to assume the head coach position at Auburn University.
 Defensive coordinator John Thompson led the team as interim head coach to victory over the Kent State Golden Flashes in the 2013 GoDaddy.com Bowl.
The 2015 Wisconsin Badgers football team represented the University of Wisconsin–Madison in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Badgers, led by first-year head coach Paul Chryst, were members of the West Division of the Big Ten Conference and played their home games at Camp Randall Stadium.
 On January 13, 2015, the Badgers hired offensive coordinator Joe Rudolph.
 The Badgers were the media preseason favorites to win the Big Ten West division.
 During fall camp prior to the start of the season Chryst announced the Badgers would return to a pro-style punt scheme instead of the shield punt scheme, also known as the spread punt scheme.
 Two days after Wisconsin played in the Holiday Bowl defensive coordinator Dave Aranda was hired by LSU as their new defensive coordinator.
 At the end of the season, Wisconsin featured the #1 defense in college football, with opponents averaging just 13.1 points per game against the Badgers.
