The Battle of Sirte (also spelled Surt) was the final battle of the Libyan Civil War, beginning when the National Liberation Army attacked the last remnants of the Libyan army still loyal to Muammar Gaddafi in his hometown and designated capital of Sirte, on the Gulf of Sidra.
 As of September 2011, Sirte and Bani Walid were the last strongholds of Gaddafi loyalists and the NTC hoped that the fall of Sirte would bring the war to an end.
 The battle and its aftermath marked the final collapse of the four-decade Gaddafi regime.
 Both Gaddafi and his son, Mutassim, were wounded and captured, and tortured and killed in custody less than an hour later.
 The month-long battle left Sirte almost completely in ruins, with many buildings damaged or totally destroyed.
Mehdi Mohammed Zeyo (c. 1962 – 20 February 2011) was a Libyan middle manager for a state oil company in Benghazi, Libya.
 In the wake of the Libyan Civil War, Zeyo found he could no longer bury the civilian youth killed by Muammar Gaddafi's forces; he subsequently decided to use his car to blow up the gates to a military base in Benghazi.
 This allowed the civilian oppositional fighters to overrun the base and claim Benghazi as an oppositional stronghold in the Libyan Civil War.
Bashir Saleh Bashir was a former aide of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
 He was head of the Libyan African Portfolio, a sovereign wealth fund that invested Libya’s oil wealth mostly in sub-Saharan Africa, and served as an intermediary between Libya, Africa and France.
 Bashir was captured after the Battle of Tripoli during the Libyan Civil War but later escaped.
 Libya demanded that he be extradited because it is believed he is in France.
 Bashir spent Libya's oil money solely for the Gaddafi family, buying up hotels, mineral resources and shares in companies, eventually becoming what some Libyan officials and financial experts describe as one of the largest single investors in Africa.
 Libyan authorities believe that finding him is the key to finding a missing 7 billion dollars in Libyan funds.
Ahmed al-Gaddafi al-Qahsi (Arabic: أحمد القذافي‎ ‎ ; born 20th century - died 26 July 2011) was the cousin of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
 In 2006, he married Gaddafi's daughter Ayesha.
 According to the Gaddafi family, Qahsi, who was a Colonel in the Libyan Army, was killed in the 26 July 2011 bombing of the Gaddafi compound during the Libyan Civil War.
 The couple had three children before the conflict started.
 His fourth child, a girl, was born in Algeria as Ayesha fled there with her brothers Hannibal and Muhammad after the Battle of Tripoli.
The Battle of Ajdabiya was an armed battle in and near the city of Ajdabiya that took place as part of the Libyan Civil War.
 It was fought between anti-government rebels and military forces loyal to the Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
 Following the Second Battle of Brega, in which pro-Gaddafi forces captured the town, Ajdabiya was the only major rebel-held city left en route to the rebel capital of Benghazi.
 The battle for Ajdabiya had been cited as a potential turning point in the conflict on which the fate of the whole rebellion against the Gaddafi government may be decided.
 On 26 March 2011, Libyan rebels, backed by extensive allied air raids, seized control of the frontline oil town of Ajdabiya from Colonel Muammar Gaddafi's forces.
 During the first phase of the battle, pro-Gaddafi forces seized the strategic road junction leading to Benghazi and Tobruk, and captured most of the city.
 The city centre remained in rebel hands, but was surrounded by pro-government forces and cut off from outside assistance.
 After the second phase, anti-Gaddafi forces recaptured the road junction and cleared loyalist forces from the city, sending them retreating down the Libyan Coastal Highway towards Sirte.
The Second Gulf of Sidra offensive was a military operation in the Libyan Civil War conducted by rebel anti-Gaddafi forces in August and September 2011 to take control of towns along the Gulf of Sidra in an effort to surround Muammar Gaddafi's hometown of Sirte, which was held by pro-Gaddafi forces.
 It ended on 20 October, when Muammar Gaddafi and his son Mutassim Gaddafi were killed along with former defense minister, Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr.
 The Gaddafi loyalists in the area were finally defeated when NTC fighters captured Sirte.
Al-Saadi Muammar Gaddafi (Arabic: الساعدي معمر القذافي‎ ‎ ; born 25 May 1973), is the third son of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
 He is a Libyan former association football player.
 In 2011, he was the commander of Libya's Special Forces and was involved in the Libyan Civil War.
 An Interpol notice has been issued against him.
 On 5 March 2014, he was arrested in Niger and extradited to Libya, where he faces murder charges.
 In August 2015, video surfaced allegedly showing Gaddafi being tortured.
The Libyan Civil War refers to the ongoing conflicts in Libya, beginning with the Arab Spring protests of 2011, which led to the First Libyan Civil War, foreign military intervention, and the ousting and death of Muammar Gaddafi.
 The civil war's aftermath and proliferation of armed groups led to violence and instability across the country, which erupted into renewed civil war in 2014.
 The ongoing crisis in Libya has so far resulted in tens of thousands of casualties since the onset of violence in early 2011.
 During both civil wars, the output of Libya's economically crucial oil industry collapsed to a small fraction of its usual level, with most facilities blockaded or damaged by rival groups, despite having the largest oil reserves of any African country.
 U.S. President Barack Obama stated on 11 April 2016 that not preparing for a post-Gaddafi Libya was probably the "worst mistake" of his presidency.
Muammar Mohammed Abu Minyar Gaddafi ( ;    ;  1942 20 October 2011), commonly known as Colonel Gaddafi, was a Libyan revolutionary, politician, and political theorist.
 He governed Libya as Revolutionary Chairman of the Libyan Arab Republic from 1969 to 1977, then as the "Brotherly Leader" of the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya from 1977 to 2011.
 He was initially ideologically committed to Arab nationalism and Arab socialism, but later came to rule under his own Third International Theory.
Abdulrahman Ben Yezza (Arabic: عبد الرحمن عبدالله بن يزة‎ ‎ ) is a Libyan businessman and politician who is the Oil Minister in the government of Abdurrahim El-Keib.
 Prior to the 2011 Libyan Civil War, Ben Yezza served as "chairman of the operator's management committee" for Italian oil company Eni.
 He also worked for Libya's National Oil Corporation during Libya's governance by Muammar Gaddafi, but he quit the company voluntarily due to reported differences with its then-leader Shokri Ghanem, a member of Gaddafi's inner circle.
 In 2014 the Libyan government has named Abdulrahman Ben Yezza as chairman of the Libyan Investment Authority (LIA).
 He temporarily replaced AmbdulMagid Breish who had to step out pending investigation into his role in the Gaddafi administration.
