Singin' the Blues is the 1956 debut album by blues performer B.B. King, issued by the Bihari brothers on their budget Crown label.
 Among its tracks, the album gathered together five charting singles.
 "You Upset Me, Baby" was the highest charting single, reaching number one on Billboard's "Black Singles" chart.
 Other charting singles include "Every Day I Have the Blues" (number eight), "Ten Long Years" (number nine), "Crying Won't Help You" (number fifteen), "Bad Luck" (number three) and "Sweet Little Angel" (number six).
Golden Grass is the first compilation album by the California-based rock band the Grass Roots.
 The LP's release in the fall of 1968 followed the success of the group's highest charting single, "Midnight Confessions".
 It was issued by the ABC Dunhill Records label.
 It featured a song by Carole King titled "Lady Pleasure" that was previously unreleased by the group and a new single titled "Bella Linda" by Lucio Battisti that charted at #28.
 It is the highest charting Grass Roots album at #25.
 It was given a gold record award with RIAA certification.
The discography of Australian rock group, The Saints consists of thirteen studio albums, seventeen singles, six EPs, two live albums and ten compilation albums.
 The Saints began in 1974 as punk rockers and released their first single, "(I'm) Stranded", in September 1976 on their own Fatal Records label.
 They were signed to EMI and released their debut album in February 1977, "(I'm) Stranded".
 Mainstay founder, Chris Bailey, is the principal songwriter and record producer.
 Their sound became more R&B and pop rock.
 Their highest charting album, "All Fools Day" peaked in the Top 30 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart in April 1986.
 Their highest charting single was a cover version of The Easybeats' hit "The Music Goes Round My Head" issued in December 1988, which peaked in the Top 40 on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart.
"Kinky Afro" is a 1990 single by Happy Mondays.
 It was the second single from the band's third album "Pills 'n' Thrills and Bellyaches".
 The song was the band's biggest hit in the United States hitting #1 on the Billboard Modern Rock chart.
 It also hit #5 in the UK, tied with "Step On" as the band's highest charting single there.
 "Kinky Afro" was the band's highest charting single in Australia, peaking at #63 on the ARIA singles chart in March 1991.
 The song's chorus paraphrases the Labelle song "Lady Marmalade".
"Prayer" is a song released on August 14, 2002 by the American heavy metal band Disturbed as the first single from their second album, "Believe".
 It was inspired by the death of vocalist David Draiman's grandfather as well as various circumstances after the September 11 attacks, and is about a conversation between Draiman and God.
 Upon release, many media outlets refused to air the "Prayer" music video, citing supposed similarities between the imagery of the music video and that of the September 11 attacks.
 "Prayer" peaked at number-three on two United States airplay charts, "Billboard"'s Mainstream Rock Tracks and Modern Rock Tracks charts, as well as peaking at number-fifty-eight on "Billboard"'s Hot 100 and number-fourteen on the Canadian Singles Chart.
 "Prayer" is Disturbed's second highest charting single on the Billboard Hot 100 and their highest charting single on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, and 1 of only 2 of their songs to reach the top 5 on the chart (the other being "Inside the Fire", which peaked at No. 4).
Revelation is the third studio album released by American boy band 98 Degrees.
 It was released on September 26, 2000.
 The album features the hit single "Give Me Just One Night (Una Noche)" which became their highest charting single.
 The album debuted at number-two on the Billboard 200 selling 276,343 copies in its first week, making "Revelation" the band's best charting album and highest first-week sales on the Billboard 200.
"Lullaby" is a 1989 single by The Cure from their album "Disintegration".
 The song is the highest charting single by the band in their home country, reaching number five in the UK charts.
 Additionally, the music video won the 1990 Best British Video at the 1990 Brit Awards.
This is the discography of the English singer-songwriter Ed Harcourt.
 To date, Harcourt has released six studio albums, two compilation albums, three EPs, and fourteen singles (eleven of which have been released commercially).
 Harcourt's debut album "Here Be Monsters" was released in June 2001, and peaked on the UK Albums Chart at #84.
 His second album "From Every Sphere", released in February 2003, became his highest charting album at #39, and also features his highest charting single "All of Your Days Will Be Blessed".
 Released only one year later was his third album "Strangers", which features the single "This One's for You", Harcourt's second-highest charting single at #41.
 Two further singles followed throughout the end of 2004 and 2005: "Born in the '70s" and "Loneliness".
 A download-only compilation entitled "Elephant's Graveyard", collecting B-sides and rarities from 2000 to 2005, was issued in summer 2005.
 Harcourt's fourth studio album "The Beautiful Lie" was released in June 2006.
"Animal Nitrate" is the third single from the debut album by Suede released on Nude Records in 1993.
 It charted at number seven on the UK Singles Chart, making it the highest charting single from the album.
 The song was the band's highest charting single in Ireland, peaking at no. 11.
 The single was previewed to the nation at the 1993 Brit Awards.
 The song was also later nominated for Best British Single at the 1994 Brit Awards.
Since When is a 1998 album by Canadian rock band 54-40.
 It marks the band's return to the more acoustic folk rock sound of their 1980s albums.
 The album was the highest charting album in the band's history, peaking at No. 19 on the "RPM" Canadian Albums Chart.
 Also, the album's lead single and title track, "Since When", is the highest charting single in the band's history.
