The 1978 Arizona gubernatorial election took place on November 7, 1978 for the post of Governor of Arizona.
 Democrat Bruce Babbitt defeated Republican nominee Evan Mecham.
 Babbitt was the former Attorney General of Arizona, but after the death of Governor Wesley Bolin, Babbit became governor.
 Bolin himself ascended to office from the position of Secretary of State, meaning his replacement, Rose Mofford was not eligible to the office as she was not elected.
 This drama of exchanging office would continue after Babbitt's term came to an end, as Mofford would become governor and succeeded Evan Mecham, Babbitt's challenger, in 1988.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá (born July 25, 1947) is an Argentine Peronist politician.
 Born in a family that was highly influential in the history of the San Luis Province, he became governor in 1983, after the end of the National Reorganization Process military dictatorship.
 He remained governor up to 2001, being re-elected in successive elections.
The Union and Liberty Party (Spanish: "Partido Unión y Libertad" , PUL) is a political party in San Luis Province, Argentina.
 Independent of the Justicialist Party, it nevertheless defines itself as Peronist and supports the administration of dissident Peronist governor Alberto Rodríguez Saá with several leading PUL figures serving in the provincial government.
 Party leader Eduardo Gomina serves as provincial Minister of Environment.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá was Governor of the San Luis Province in Argentina.
 His grandson Adolfo Rodríguez Saá, would serve as President of Argentina.
 He was also grandfather and brother of San Luis Province Governors Alberto Rodríguez Saá and Ricardo Rodríguez Saá.
Rodolfo Gabrielli is an Argentine politician.
 He served as governor of the Mendoza Province from 1991 to 1995, and minister of Interior during the presidencies of Adolfo Rodríguez Saá and Eduardo Duhalde.
Federal Commitment is an Argentinian political coalition proposed by Alberto Rodríguez Saá for the 2011 Argentinian general election.
 Adolfo Rodríguez Saá promoted the Commitment for 2015.
 The Commitment was composed of the Federal Peronism, Partido Nacionalista Constitucional(National Constitution Party) and Movimiento Independiente de Justicia y Dignidad(Independent Movement for Justice and Dignity) parties.
The Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez is a 4.304 km motorsport race track in Mexico City, Mexico, named after the racing drivers Ricardo and Pedro Rodríguez.
 The circuit got its name shortly after it opened when Ricardo Rodríguez died in practice for the non-Championship 1962 Mexican Grand Prix.
 Ricardo's brother Pedro also lost his life behind the wheel nine years later.
 Since 2015 the track once again is a host of the Formula One Mexican Grand Prix, an event it previously hosted in two separarate time periods on a different layout, the last occasion of which was in 1992.
Rodolfo Aníbal Frigeri (1 April 1941 – 2 October 2015) was an Argentine economist and politician.
 He served as the Minister of Economy and Public Finances from December 23, 2001, to December 30, 2001, during the brief administration of President Adolfo Rodríguez Saá under the title "Minister of the Treasury, Finance and Public Revenue."
The youngest person to become governor was J. Neely Johnson (30 years, 160 days).
 The oldest person to become governor is Jerry Brown on January 3, 2011, who became governor at 72 years, 271 days old.
 Brown had previously been the sixth-youngest person to become governor in 1975, and the youngest since the 1860s, at 36 years, 275 days old (his third term began 28 years to the day after his second term expired).
 The median age of accession is roughly 48 years, which falls between John Bigler (19th youngest) and William Irwin (20th).
Ricardo Rodríguez Saá was Governor of the San Luis Province in Argentina from 1934 to 1938.
 His great-nephew, Adolfo Rodríguez Saá, would become President of Argentina.
 His brother, Adolfo, and another great-nephew, Alberto, have also served as Governors of the San Luis Province.
