Madeline Amy Sweeney (December 14, 1965 – September 11, 2001), known as Amy Sweeney, was an American flight attendant killed on board American Airlines Flight 11 when it was hijacked by 5 terrorists affiliated with al-Qaeda and flown deliberately into the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City, as part of the September 11 attacks.
American Airlines Flight 587 was a regularly scheduled passenger flight from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City to Las Américas International Airport in Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic.
 On November 12, 2001, the Airbus A300-600 flying the route crashed shortly after takeoff into the Belle Harbor neighborhood of Queens, a borough of New York City.
 All 260 people aboard the plane (251 passengers and nine crew members) died, including one dog carried in the cargo hold; five bystanders and one other dog on the ground were killed as well.
 It is the second-deadliest aviation incident in New York State, the second-deadliest aviation incident involving an Airbus A300 (after Iran Air Flight 655), and the second-deadliest aviation accident to occur on U.S. soil (after American Airlines Flight 191).
 No commercial airplane crash since then that was ruled accidental and not criminal has even surpassed that death toll, even though there had been deadlier incidents of this type before 2001.
The David Angell Humanitarian Award, in honor of David Angell, is an award given to individuals in the entertainment industry who contribute to global wellbeing through donations of time, expertise or other support to improve the human condition.
Impending Death is a photograph taken by freelance photographer Thomas Dallal on September 11, 2001.
 The photograph depicts the North Tower (1 WTC) of the World Trade Center, on fire after being struck by American Airlines Flight 11 at 8:46 AM, and shortly before its collapse at 10:28 AM.
 Visible in the photograph are numerous people trapped in the upper floors of the building, hanging out of windows because of the intense smoke and heat.
 They were unable to escape because of all stairwells and elevators above the 91st floor being severed by Flight 11's impact.
The Hamburg cell (German: "Hamburger Zelle" ) or Hamburg terror cell (German: "Hamburger Terrorzelle" ) was, according to U.S. and German intelligence agencies, a group of radical Islamists based in Hamburg, Germany that included students who eventually came to be key operatives in the 9/11 attacks.
 Important members included Mohamed Atta, who led the four hijacking teams in 2001 and piloted American Airlines Flight 11; Ramzi bin al-Shibh, who conspired with the other three members but was unable to enter the United States; and Marwan al-Shehhi, who piloted United Airlines Flight 175, Ziad Jarrah, who piloted United Airlines Flight 93 and failed to hit a target in Washington D.C., claimed by Khalid Sheikh Mohammed to have been the Capitol.
 Less important members included Said Bahaji, Zakariya Essabar, Mounir el-Motassadeq, and Abdelghani Mzoudi.
American Airlines Flight 11 was a domestic passenger flight that was hijacked by five al-Qaeda members on September 11, 2001, as part of the September 11 attacks.
 Mohamed Atta deliberately crashed the plane into the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City, killing all 92 people aboard and an unknown number in the building's impact zone.
 The aircraft involved, a Boeing 767-223ER, registration N334AA, was flying American Airlines' daily scheduled morning transcontinental service from Logan International Airport, in Boston, Massachusetts, to Los Angeles International Airport, in Los Angeles, California.
Amer Mohammed Kamfar (Arabic: عامر محمد كمفار‎ ‎ , "ʿĀmar Muḥammad Kamfār") is a licensed Saudi pilot and turbojet engineer (also referred to as Amer Taiybkamfar, but who personally preferred the name John) who was initially reported to be one of the hijackers aboard American Airlines Flight 11 as part of the September 11, 2001 attacks.
 Later he was described as "(his) name appeared on the list of passengers on board the United Airlines flight".
David Lawrence Angell (April 10, 1946September 11, 2001) was an American producer of sitcoms. Angell won multiple Emmy Awards as the creator and executive producer, along with Peter Casey and David Lee, of the comedy series "Frasier".
 Angell and his wife Lynn both died heading home from their vacation in Cape Cod aboard American Airlines Flight 11.
 This was the first plane to hit the World Trade Center during the September 11 attacks.
Betty Ong (February 5, 1956 – September 11, 2001) was an American flight attendant aboard American Airlines Flight 11 when it was hijacked and flown into the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City, as part of the September 11 attacks.
Berinthia "Berry" Berenson-Perkins (April 14, 1948 – September 11, 2001) was an American photographer, actress, and model.
 Perkins, who was the widow of actor Anthony Perkins, died in the September 11 attacks as a passenger on American Airlines Flight 11.
