This is a filmography of Welsh actor Ray Milland, containing his work in theatrically released motion pictures as well as his extensive television credits.
 Milland began his film career in United Kingdom in 1929 after serving three years as a guardsman in the Royal Household Cavalry, based in London.
 After appearing in several British films, he came to the United States in 1930 where he spent several years playing small and supporting roles.
 Eventually, in 1934, he became a contract player at Paramount Pictures where he established himself as a popular star.
 Milland remained with Paramount for the next 21 years.
 During his time with the studio, he developed his persona as a debonair leading man, mainly in drawing-room comedies but also occasionally in adventure and mystery films.
 In 1945, Milland won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of an alcoholic writer in "The Lost Weekend".
 From there he continued as a leading man well into the 1960s, appearing in several film noirs and occasionally cast as a villain.
 In 1953, Milland began working in television as both an actor and director.
 He alternated between the mediums of film and television for the remainder of his career.
 During the 1960s and 1970s, Milland frequently worked in science fiction and horror films.
 He also directed himself in four films.
Wang Kuan Hsiung was a lean dapper Taiwanese actor who was a well-known and popular leading man in the Kung Fu film genre of the 1970s and 1980s.
 He was cast as a romantic leading man in some of his films and he gained many female fans and is still considered a heart throb He is mostly known for his role in a 1974 film as Chan Ming Lung a.k.a. "The Iron Ox" in Iron Ox, The Tiger's Killer, which is a tale about a student taking on a group of men, The Five Tigers in duels to avenge the death of his teacher.
 This film also featured a well-known actor of the genre, Wong Fei-Lung
John Gilbert (born John Cecil Pringle; July 10, 1899 – January 9, 1936) was an American actor, screenwriter and director.
 He rose to fame during the silent film era and became a popular leading man known as "The Great Lover".
 At the height of his career, Gilbert rivaled Rudolph Valentino, another silent film era leading man, as a box office draw.
Claudine Mercier (born November 3, 1961) is a Québécoise comedian, singer, actress and impressionist.
Leading man or leading gentleman is an informal term for the actor who is the protagonist or plays a love interest to the leading actress in a film or play.
 A leading man is sometimes an all-rounder; capable of singing, dancing, and acting at a professional level.
Black Sabbath (Italian: "I tre volti della paura" , 'The Three Faces of Fear' ) is a 1963 horror film directed by Mario Bava.
 The film is centered on three separate tales that have an introduction and conclusion from Boris Karloff.
 The film stars an international cast in three short stories.
 The first, titled "The Telephone", involves Suzy (Michèle Mercier) who continually receives threatening telephone calls from an unseen stalker.
 The second is "The Wurdulak", where a man named Gorca (Karloff) returns to his family after claiming to have slain a Wurdulak, an undead creature who attacks those that it had once loved.
 The third story, "The Drop of Water", features Jacqueline Pierreux as Helen Corey, a nurse who steals a ring from a corpse that is being prepared for burial and finds herself haunted by the ring's original owner after arriving home.
Fred Cortes (1921-1964) was a Filipino actor who was a favorite leading man of Lvn Pictures before World War II.
William King Baggot (November 7, 1879 – July 11, 1948) was an American actor, film director and screenwriter.
 He was an internationally famous movie star of the silent film era.
 The first individually publicized leading man in America, Baggot was referred to as "King of the Movies," "The Most Photographed Man in the World" and "The Man Whose Face Is As Familiar As The Man In The Moon."
Robert Hossein (born Robert Hosseinoff; 30 December 1927) is a French film actor, director, and writer of Azerbaijani and Jewish origin.
 He directed the 1982 adaption of "Les Misérables", and appeared in "Vice and Virtue", "Le Casse", "Les Uns et les Autres" and "Venus Beauty Institute".
 His other roles include Michèle Mercier's husband in the "Angélique" series, a gunfighter in the Spaghetti Western "Cemetery Without Crosses" (which he also directed and co-wrote), and a Catholic priest who falls in love with Claude Jade and becomes a communist in "Forbidden Priests".
Michèle Mercier (born 1 January 1939 as Jocelyne Yvonne Renée Mercier) is a French actress.
 In the course of her career she has worked with leading directors like François Truffaut, Jean-Pierre Melville, Jacques Deray, Dino Risi, Mario Monicelli, Mario Bava, Peter Collinson and Ken Annakin.
 Her leading men have included Marcello Mastroianni, Vittorio Gassman, Jean-Paul Belmondo, Jean Gabin, Charles Aznavour, Robert Hossein, Charles Bronson, Tony Curtis and Charlton Heston.
 She has appeared in over fifty films, and is best known for her starring role in "Angelique, Marquise des Anges".
