Malibu Spring Break is a 2003 comedy starring Playboy Bunny Pilar Lastra.
 It also stars Kristin Novak and Charity Rahmer.
 It is Crown International Pictures's 1st release after 14 years of dormancy.
Torben Chris (born 13 february 1977 in Give) is a Danish standup comedian.
 Media attention towards him began to surface during various events such as the DM in stand-up 2003 Comedy Fight Club on TV 2 Zulu and host of Comedy Zoo.
Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat (lit: "The Only Mother To You All") is a 2008 Filipino comedy film starring Ai-Ai de las Alas and Eugene Domingo.
 It is the sequel to a 2003 comedy film "Ang Tanging Ina".
 It was released on December 25, 2008 as Star Cinema's official entry to the 2008 Metro Manila Film Festival.
 The film grossed a total of PHP 204 million and it used to be the all time box office hit in the Philippines until Star Cinema's "You Changed My Life" beat it.
 As of April 2009, it grossed ₱ pesos.
 Ai-Ai de las Alas reprises her role Ina Montecilio.
 It also stars Eugene Domingo as Rowena, Carlo Aquino as Tri, Alwyn Uytingco as Pip, Shaina Magdayao as Seven, Serena Dalrymple as Cate, Jiro Manio as Shammy and Yuuki Kadooka as Ten-Ten.
Down with Love is a 2003 comedy film directed by Peyton Reed and written by Eve Ahlert and Dennis Drake.
 It stars Renée Zellweger and Ewan McGregor, and is a pastiche of the early 1960s American "no-sex sex comedies" such as "Pillow Talk" and "Lover Come Back" (both which starred Rock Hudson, Doris Day and Tony Randall) and the "myriad spawn" of derivative films that followed. "
Time" film critic Richard Corliss, estimating conservatively, wrote that "Down with Love" "is so clogged with specific references to a half-dozen Rock-and-Doris-type comedies that it serves as definitive distillation of the genre."
“Why Not” is a song recorded by American actress and singer Hilary Duff for the soundtrack of the 2003 comedy film, "The Lizzie McGuire Movie," which was produced and released at the time when Duff was starring as the title character of the Disney comedy series "Lizzie McGuire."
 Its lyrics were written and its music was composed by Charlie Midnight, who collaborated on both with the song's music producer, Matthew Gerrard.
Good Boy!
 is a 2003 comedy film directed by John Robert Hoffman.
 The film stars Liam Aiken as Owen Baker, as well as the voices of Matthew Broderick, Delta Burke, Donald Faison, Brittany Murphy, Carl Reiner, Vanessa Redgrave, and Cheech Marin as the abundant dog characters in the movie.
 The film was based on the book "Dogs from Outer Space" by Zeke Richardson.
 John Hoffman and Richardson collaborated on the screen story, while Hoffman wrote the screenplay.
Frankie and Johnny Are Married is a 2003 comedy film written and directed by Michael Pressman, starring Pressman as well as Lisa Chess and Alan Rosenberg.
 The film chronicles the troubles a producer has trying to mount a production of the Terrence McNally play, "Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune".
 The production is beset by one problem after another, including a hard to handle male lead (Rosenberg).
 This eventually leads Pressman to take on the male lead role himself.
The R.M. is a 2003 comedy film about the experiences of an LDS returned missionary.
 "RM" is an LDS initialism for "returned missionary."
 It was written by Kurt Hale and John E. Moyer and directed by Kurt Hale.
"Don't Let Me Get Me" is a song by American singer Pink.
 It was released as the second single from her second studio album "Missundaztood" (2001) in February 2002.
 The song was featured in the trailer for the 2003 comedy "Just Married".
My Dinner with Jimi is a 2003 comedy film written by Howard Kaylan, dealing with events in 1966-67 which led up to the night in 1967 when the Turtles encountered the Beatles and Kaylan had dinner with Jimi Hendrix in London, England.
 The film was given an extremely limited theatrical release in Toronto in late September 2007.
