William Levett (also spelled William de Livet) (ca. 1200 – ca. 1270) was lord of the manor of the South Yorkshire village of Hooton Levitt, a village named in part for his ancestors, and became the owner of the patronage of Roche Abbey on marriage to the granddaughter of the Abbey's cofounder Richard FitzTurgis, a Norman baron who co-founded Roche with the great-nephew of one of England's most powerful Norman barons, Roger de Busli.
The University of Leeds is a  Russell Group university in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, established in 1831.
 Originally named the Yorkshire College of Science and later simply the Yorkshire College, it incorporated the Leeds School of Medicine and became part of the federal Victoria University alongside Owens College (which became the University of Manchester) and University College Liverpool (which became the University of Liverpool).
 In 1904, a royal charter, created in 1903, was granted to the University of Leeds by King Edward VII.
The East Riding of Yorkshire is a local government district with unitary authority status, and is a ceremonial county of England.
 It is named after the historic East Riding of Yorkshire which was one of three ridings alongside the North Riding and West Riding, which were constituent parts a Yorkshire ceremonial and administrative county until 1974.
 From 1974 to 1996 the area of the modern East Riding of Yorkshire constituted the northern part of Humberside.
Bedale is a market town and civil parish in the district of Hambleton, North Yorkshire, England.
 Historically part of the North Riding of Yorkshire, it is situated 34 mi north of Leeds, 26 mi south-west of Middlesbrough and 7 mi south-west of the county town of Northallerton.
 It was originally in Richmondshire and listed in the "Domesday Book" as part of Catterick wapentake, which was also known as Hangshire (so named from Hang Bank in Finghall and because of the many gallows used to execute marauding Scots); it was split again and Bedale remained in East Hang.
 Bedale Beck is a tributary of the River Swale, which forms one of the Yorkshire Dales, with its predominance of agriculture and its related small traditional trades, although tourism is increasingly important.
The Nidderdale Museum is housed in a former workhouse in the market town of Pateley Bridge, North Yorkshire, England.
 Exhibits focus on rural life and include such period room and business displays as a cobbler's workshop, schoolroom, Victorian parlour, general store, 1930s hairdresser's shop and a kitchen.
 Other displays include historic costumes, agriculture tools and equipment, local industries and transport vehicles.
Norman Walter Dransfield Yardley (19 March 1915 – 3 October 1989) was an English cricketer who played for Cambridge University, Yorkshire County Cricket Club and England, as a right-handed batsman and occasional bowler.
 An amateur, he captained Yorkshire from 1948 to 1955 and England on fourteen occasions between 1947 and 1950, winning four Tests, losing seven and drawing three.
 Yardley was named Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1948 and in his obituary in "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack", he was described as Yorkshire's finest amateur since Stanley Jackson.
Maurice Ward was an English inventor best known for his invention of Starlite, a thermal shielding material.
 He was a former hairdresser from Yorkshire, England.
 His demand that he keep 51% ownership of the formula for Starlite, and belief that the technology was worth billions of dollars, stunted its commercial success.
The West Yorkshire Association Football League is a football competition based in Yorkshire, England.
 It was previously known as the Leeds League until the name change in 1939.
 Although it is named the "West Yorkshire" League, clubs from the Harrogate and York areas of North Yorkshire also play in the competition.
Starlite is a material claimed to be able to withstand and insulate from extreme heat.
 It was invented by amateur chemist and hairdresser Maurice Ward (1933–2011) during the 1970s and 1980s, and received much publicity in 1993 thanks to coverage on the science and technology show "Tomorrow's World".
 The name Starlite was coined by Ward's granddaughter Kimberly.
Bradley is a village in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England.
 The village is situated between Skipton and Keighley.
 It is approximately 1/2 mi from the A629 and 2 mi from the nearby town of Skipton.
 Bradley is divided into two parts; High Bradley and Low Bradley, known collectively as Bradleys Both although traditionally the village used to be named Bradley Ambo.
 While physically in North Yorkshire and under the council of North Yorkshire, it has a West Yorkshire postal town and dialling code.
