La Voz de Houston (Spanish: "The Voice of Houston") is a Spanish-language weekly newspaper distributed by the "Houston Chronicle", and a subsidiary of the "Houston Chronicle".
 The newspaper's offices are located in the "Houston Chronicle"<nowiki>'s</nowiki> newspaper production plant at the 610 Loop and U.S. Route 59 (Southwest Freeway).
 This plant is the former "Houston Post" headquarters.
 Before the "Chronicle" acquisition, the paper was published by the La Voz Publishing Corp., headquartered in Houston.
The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS), based in Washington, D.C., is an American nonprofit organization founded by journalist Fred Myers and Helen Jones, Larry Andrews, and Marcia Glaser in 1954, to address what they saw as animal-related cruelties of national scope, and to resolve animal welfare problems by applying strategies beyond the resources or abilities of local organizations.
 In 2013, the "Chronicle of Philanthropy" identified HSUS as the 136th largest charity in the United States in its Philanthropy 400 listing.
The Chronicon Lusitanum or Lusitano (also Chronica Lusitana or Chronica/Chronicon Gothorum) is a chronicle of the history of Portugal from the earliest migrations of the Visigoths (which it dates to 311) through the reign of Portugal's first king, Afonso Henriques (1139–85).
 The entries in the chronicle, ordered by year and dated by the Spanish Era, get increasingly longer and the majority of the text deals with the reign of Afonso.
 The conventional title of the chronicle means "Lusitanian (i.e. Portuguese) chronicle" or "chronicle of the Goths".
 It was first given by the editor Enrique Flórez, who rejected the title under which it had previously been edited ("Gothorum Chronica") because of its subject matter.
 Flórez also claims that the manuscript of the "Chronicon" had previously been utilised by André de Resende, the first archaeologist of Portugal, and , the first journalist of Portugal; it was also edited in the third volume of the "Monarchia Lusitana" by (1632).
The Global Philanthropy Forum (GPF) is an initiative of the World Affairs Council which acts as a peer-learning network of philanthropists — grant-makers and social investors — committed to advancing equity and opportunity in the developing world.
 Its community of donors and social investors work on international causes through strategic philanthropy, operating on principles that overlap with those of impact investing.
Richard W. "Ric" Weiland (April 21, 1953 – June 24, 2006) was a computer software pioneer, programmer and philanthropist.
 He was the second employee at Microsoft Corporation joining the company during his final year at Stanford.
 When he was 35 he left Microsoft to focus his time on investment management and philanthropy, becoming a quiet but well respected donor to the LGBTQ social justice movement, the environment, health & human services and education.
 After his death, the Chronicle of Philanthropy called Ric's bequest the 11th largest charitable gift in the nation with more than $165 million distributed between 20 non profit beneficiaries.
The Chronicle of Market Prices, designated "Chronicle 23" in Grayson’s "Assyrian and Babylonian chronicles", its first publishing, and Mesopotamian Chronicle 50: “Chronicle of Market Prices” in Glassner’s "Mesopotamian Chronicles" is an ancient Mesopotamian Chronicle laconically recording the cost of various commodities from the beginning of the second until the early-mid first millennium BC.
 The moniker is a modern designation as it had no colophon to identify it in antiquity.
The Nonprofit Marketplace Initiative (NMI) was an initiative of the Effective Philanthropy Group of the Hewlett Foundation launched in 2006.
 Its closure was announced in the "Chronicle of Philanthropy" in April 2014.
The Almanac of American Philanthropy is a reference book published by the nonprofit Philanthropy Roundtable in 2016 to capture the history, purpose, effects, and modern direction of private philanthropy in the United States.
 Philanthropy in the U.S. is a major part of the economy with $360 billion given every year and 8 billion hours of time volunteered.
 Philanthropy is a major cultural force in the U.S., handling many social responsibilities, thanks to individual giving levels that are two to twenty times higher than in other comparable nations.
The Morning Chronicle was a newspaper founded in 1769 in London, England, and published under various owners until 1862, when its publication was suspended, with two subsequent attempts at continued publication.
 From 28 June 1769 to March 1789 it was published under the name "The Morning Chronicle, and London Advertiser".
 From 1789 to its final publication in 1865, it was published under the name "The Morning Chronicle".
 It was notable for having been the first steady employer of essayist William Hazlitt as a political reporter, and the first steady employer of Charles Dickens as a journalist; for publishing the articles by Henry Mayhew that were collected and published in book format in 1851 as "London Labour and the London Poor"; and for publishing other major writers, such as John Stuart Mill.
The Chronicle of Philanthropy is a magazine that covers the nonprofit world.
 Based in Washington, DC, it is aimed at charity leaders, foundation executives, fund raisers, and other people involved in philanthropy.
 The Chronicle of Philanthropy publishes 12 issues a year while updating its Web site daily.
 It was founded in 1988 by editor Phil Semas and then managing editor Stacy Palmer.
 It is owned by The Chronicle of Higher Education Inc., which also publishes "The Chronicle of Higher Education", a weekly newspaper covering colleges and universities.
