The National Liberation Army (Spanish: Ejército de Liberación Nacional, ELN) is an armed group involved in the continuing Colombian armed conflict, which has existed in Colombia since 1964.
 The ELN advocate a composite communist ideology of Marxism and liberation theology.
 They conduct military operations throughout the national territory of Colombia; in 2013, it was estimated that the ELN forces consisted of between 1,380 and 3,000 guerrillas.
 The ELN is the lesser known of two communist guerrilla armies who operate in Colombia; the other guerrilla army is the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC–EP) who are Marxist–Leninist in their approach to the national liberation of Colombia.
 According to former ELN national directorate member Felipe Torres, one fifth of ELN supporters have taken up arms.
 The ELN has been classified as a terrorist organization by the governments of Colombia, Peru, United States, Canada and the European Union.
Wilber Alirio Varela Fajardo (November 6, 1957 – January 30, 2008), also known as Jabón ("Soap"), was a Colombian police agent who then became a drug dealer and member of the Norte del Valle Cartel.
 A Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act indictment was filed in the District Court of the District of Columbia by the Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs Section of the United States Department of Justice Criminal Division against the leaders of the North Valley Cartel, including Varela Fajardo.
 According to the indictment, the North Valley Cartel exported approximately 500 metric tons of cocaine worth over $10 billion from Colombia to the United States, often through Mexico, between 1990 and 2004.
 The indictment was unsealed in May 2004.
 A provisional arrest warrant was issued and was sent to the U.S. Embassy in Bogota.
Olga de Amaral was born as Olga Ceballos Velez in Bogotá, Cundinamarca, Colombia to parents from the Antioquia region of Colombia.
 She was raised in a traditional religious family with 5 sisters and 2 brothers.
 She grew up in a traditional neighbourhood in Bogotá in a warm, safe family atmosphere, maintaining a special relationship with her loving and caring mother.
 Upon graduating from high school, in the years 1951-52 she got a degree in Architectural Design at the Colegio Mayor de Cundinamarca in Bogotá.
 After graduation, the future textile artist worked for a year as a director of the Architectural Drawing Faculty at the same school.
 In 1954, de Amaral went to the United States to study English in New York at the Columbia University.
 She then moved and studied fiber art at the Cranbrook Academy of Art in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, USA (1954–55).
 The artist cherishes that period of her education and considers it crucial for her later artistic development: "In Cranbrook, the textile workshop had eight looms placed against the windows: one of them, in the corner, would be my home for a year.
 There, I lived my most intimate moments of solitude; there was born my certainty about color; its strength; I felt as if I loved color as though it were something tangible.
 I also learned to speak in color.
 I remember with nostalgia that experience in which souls touched hands".
 At Cranbrook de Amaral met Jim Amaral and they became close friends.
 In 1955, after a year in Cranbrook, she returned to Colombia and started to make decorative textiles on commission for her architect friends.
 Meanwhile, Jim Amaral was in the U.S. Navy, on a base in the Philippines.
 In 1956, Jim visited Colombia to see Olga, initially for a few weeks.
 Shortly after, Jim Amaral and Olga Ceballos Velez married and settled in Bogotá.
 They started a family (children Diego and Andrea) and a workshop of handwoven textiles.
 During that period, Jack Lenor Larsen visited Colombia and the Amaral's workshop.
 He expressed interest in Olga's tapestries.
 Their professional and artistic relationship became crucial in projection of her work internationally in the world of contemporary tapestry.
 In 1965 de Amaral founded and taught at the Textile Department at the Universidad de los Andes (University of the Andes) in Bogotá.
 In 1966-1967 the Amaral family lived in New York.
 There Olga de Amaral met Eileen Vanderbilt from the World Crafts Council and became its representative for Colombia.
 With Jack Lenor Larsen's collaboration, Olga de Amaral displayed her tapestries in New York (solo exhibition in Jack Lenor Larsen’s New York showroom in 1967), taught at Penland School of Crafts in North Carolina and in Haystack Mountain School of Crafts in Maine.
 After returning to Colombia, the Amarals travelled to Popayán and Tierradentro region with its must-see San Agustín.
 Later Olga visited Peru as the WCC representative.
 On a rapid visit to Ireland to participate in a WCC conference, Olga met Lucie Rie, a British ceramist who inspired her to incorporate gold into the tapestries.
 At the beginning of the seventies, the Amarals moved to Barcelona and then to Paris.
 They visited Greece, Italy, Holland, Belgium, Switzerland, Sweden, and England.
 They made contacts with the centres of European art.
 They lived for a time in Europe, then returned to Bogotá, visited different areas of Colombia, and then went back to France, amid exhibits, work, and new friendships.
 Another important journey for the artist was her travel to Japan.
 Nowadays Olga de Amaral lives and works in Bogotá, Colombia.
The Medellín Cartel was a ruthless, highly organized and much-feared Colombian drug cartel originating in the city of Medellín, Colombia.
 The drug cartel operated throughout the 1970s and 1980s in Bolivia, Colombia, Central America, Peru, and the United States, as well as in Canada and Europe.
 It was founded and run by Ochoa Vázquez brothers Jorge Luis, Juan David, and Fabio, together with Pablo Escobar, George Jung, Carlos Lehder and José Gonzalo Rodríguez Gacha.
 By 1993, the resistance group, Los Pepes (or PEPES), controlled by the Cali Cartel, and the Colombian government, in collaboration with the Cali Cartel, right-wing paramilitary groups, and the United States government, had dismantled the Medellín Cartel by imprisoning or assassinating its members.
Juan Carlos Ramírez Abadía (Alias "Chupeta") (born February 16, 1963 in Palmira, Colombia) is a drug trafficker who, until his capture, was one of the leaders of the North Valley Cartel (Norte del Valle Cartel), who was wanted on drug smuggling, murder and RICO charges in the United States of America.
 In addition to the trafficking of cocaine, it is believed Abadia also participated in money laundering and trafficking of heroin.
 Through Abadias' illegal enterprise, he has amassed a fortune estimated at $1.8 billion by the US Department of State.
 He has been cited as "... one of the most powerful and most elusive drug traffickers in Colombia" by Adam J. Szubin, Director of the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).
The country of Colombia is a major source for women and girls subjected to trafficking in persons, specifically forced prostitution in Latin America, the Caribbean, Western Europe, Asia, and North America, including the United States.
 Within Colombia, some men are found in conditions of forced labor, but the forced prostitution of women and children from rural areas and urban areas remains a larger problem.
 Individual cases of forced marriage – a risk factor for trafficking – involuntary domestic servitude, and forced begging have been reported.
 Some children are subjected to forced labor in mines and quarries, in the agricultural sector or as domestic servants.
 Groups at high risk for internal trafficking include displaced persons, poor women in rural areas, and relatives of members of criminal organizations.
 Continued armed violence in Colombia has displaced many communities, making them vulnerable to human trafficking.
 Guerillas and new illegal armed groups forcibly recruit children to join their ranks; the government estimates thousands of children are exploited under such conditions.
 Members of gangs and organized criminal networks force their relatives and acquaintances, and displaced persons – typically women and children – into conditions of forced prostitution and forced labor, including forced work in the illegal drug trade.
 Colombia also is a destination for foreign child sex tourists, particularly coastal cities such as Cartagena and Barranquilla.
 Migrants from South America, Africa, and China transit Colombia en route to the United States and Europe; some may fall victim to traffickers.
The Central American jaguar was proposed as a subspecies of jaguar, native to Colombia and Central America, with the taxonomic name "Panthera onca centralis" .
 In 1939, due to lack of evidence, Reginald Innes Pocock accepted that other proposed subspecies of jaguars, from the southern part of the United States to Colombia, such as "Panthera onca arizonensis" and "Panthera onca hernandesii", and "Panthera onca centralis" were one subspecies, before recent tests failed to establish evidence for different subspecies of jaguar.
 Therefore, the name "Panthera onca centralis" referred to a geographic group, if not subspecies, of jaguars, from the United States and Mexico in the north, Central America in the middle, and Colombia in the south.
The military and political career of Simón Bolívar, (July 24, 1783 – December 17, 1830), which included both formal service in the armies of various revolutionary regimes and actions organized by himself or in collaboration with other exiled patriot leaders during the years from 1811 to 1830, was an important element in the success of the independence wars in South America.
 Given the unstable political climate during these years, Bolívar and other patriot leaders, such as Santiago Mariño, Manuel Piar, José Francisco Bermúdez and Francisco de Paula Santander often had to go into exile in the Caribbean or nearby areas of Spanish America that at the moment were controlled by those favoring independence, and from there, carry on the struggle.
 These wars resulted in the creation of several South American states out of the former Spanish colonies, the currently existing Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia, and the now defunct Gran Colombia.
Tranquilandia, (Tranquility-land) was the name of the large cocaine processing laboratory located in the jungles of Caquetá, Colombia.
 Tranquilandia was constructed for the Medellín Cartel by José Gonzalo Rodríguez Gacha, also known as "the Mexican".
 Until its destruction in 1984 by the Colombian National Police assisted by the United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the complex consisted of 19 laboratories, an independent water (Yari River) and electrical system along with dormitories for the laboratory workers.
 Processing supplies were flown in, and processed cocaine was flown out via any one of eight airstrips, constructed by the Cartel, for that specific purpose.
Catoferia is a small genus of plants in the Lamiaceae family composed of only four different species.
 First described in full by George Bentham in 1876, said species are native to southern Mexico, Central America, Colombia and Peru.
 Amongst all four species, only the Catoferia Chiapensis variety or 'Chiapas' are known grow across a wide area, their growth recorded in southern Mexico, Guatemala, Peru and Belize.
 Growth of the other three variants is believed to be limited to Southern Mexico.
 The beginnings of the Catoferia variety is thought trace back to the cretatious era, making it around 55 to 65 million years old.
