Feathers is the debut play by Eliza Power, a modern retelling of the story of Tereus, Procne and Philomela from "Ovid's Metamorphoses".
 The play premiered at the White Bear Theatre in London in July 2010.
 It then transferred to C Central at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival where it received critical acclaim.
Bonita Melody Lysette Langford (born 22 July 1964), known simply as Bonnie Langford, is an English actress, dancer and entertainer.
 She came to prominence as a child star in the early 1970s before subsequently becoming well known for her role as Mel Bush, a companion of Colin Baker and Sylvester McCoy's "Doctor" in the "BBC" series "Doctor Who" in the mid 1980s.
 She has since appeared on stage in various musicals in the West End and on Broadway, shows such as "Peter Pan", "Cats", "The Pirates of Penzance" and "Chicago", and more recently on TV in series 1 (2006) & series 9 (2014) of the reality competition programme "Dancing on Ice".
 As of 26 May 2015 she has been a regular cast member in the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders" as Carmel Kazemi.
 For her role in the show she has received the 2016 British Soap Award for Best Newcomer.
Dan Sullivan is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Craig Fairbrass.
 Dan appeared on the show as a regular from 7 June 1999 to 10 July 2000 and then as a recurring character from 26 February to 16 August 2001.
 He became central to a plot involving a love triangle between himself, his lover Carol Jackson and Carol's daughter Bianca - whom Dan embarks on an affair with.
 Other major storylines included him being conned out of his share of The Queen Victoria, being framed and wrongly imprisoned for the shooting of archenemy Phil Mitchell and being responsible for the kidnapping of Melanie Owen.
Dame Barbara Windsor, DBE (born Barbara Ann Deeks; 6 August 1937) is an English actress, known for her appearances in the "Carry On" films and for playing Peggy Mitchell in the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders".
 She joined the cast of "EastEnders" in 1994 and won the 1999 British Soap Award for Best Actress.
 She left the show in 2010, before returning for three episodes between 2013 and 2015.
 Her character's final appearances were broadcast in June 2016.
Tamzin Maria Outhwaite ( ; born 5 November 1970) is a British actress from London.
 Since coming to national notice playing Melanie Owen in the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders" from 1998 until 2002, she has since starred in both theatre and television productions, including army series "Red Cap" and crime drama "New Tricks".
Personal Enemy is a play by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton.
 It was written in 1954, prior to Osborne's 'big break' with "Look Back in Anger" at the Royal Court Theatre in 1956, and first performed in Harrogate in 1955.
 It was thought that the play manuscript was lost, but copies were found (along with another early Osborne play, "The Devil Inside Him") in the Lord Chamberlain's archive in the British Library in 2008.
 The two plays were subsequently published as "Before Anger," with a foreword by Peter Nichols.
 "Personal Enemy" was produced in its uncensored form for the first time in 2010 at the White Bear Theatre, as part of their "Lost Classics Project", before transferring to New York's Brits Off Broadway festival at 59E59 Theaters in November of that year.
 The play is the only work by Osborne to be set in the United States.
Sid Owen (born David Sutton; 12 January 1972) is an English actor, television presenter and former singer, who played Ricky Butcher in the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders" from 1988 until 2012.
 He also appeared in the tenth series of "Strictly Come Dancing".
The White Bear Theatre is a fringe theatre founded in 1988 at the White Bear pub in Kennington, London, and run by Artistic Director and founder Michael Kingsbury.
 It is one of London's leading pub theatres, as well as one of the longest established, dedicated since inception to both new writing and to its "Lost Classics Project", which focuses on productions of obscure historical works.
 Notable theatre practitioners who have worked at The White Bear include Joe Penhall, Dennis Kelly, Mark Little, Emily Watson, Tamzin Outhwaite, Kwame Kwei-Armah, Vicky Featherstone, Torben Betts, Lucinda Coxon, Adam Spreadbury-Maher, and Brice Stratford.
Pearl Mackie (born 29 May 1987) is a British actress, dancer, and singer.
 She is best known for playing Bill Potts in the long running television series "Doctor Who".
 Mackie is a 2010 graduate of the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
 Her first major TV role came in 2014, when she played Anne-Marie Frasier in BBC One soap opera "Doctors".
The First National Bank of White Bear is a historic former bank building in White Bear Lake, Minnesota, United States, built in 1921.
 It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places for having local significance in architecture and commerce.
 It is one of White Bear Lake's most architecturally sophisticated commercial buildings constructed before the 1940s.
 It also served a key financial role as White Bear Lake evolved from a resort town of summer homes for nearby Saint Paul into a full-fledged city with year-round residents.
