Carlos Alberto Morban Rivera (born April 25, 1982 in Santo Domingo) is a professional basketball player from the Dominican Republic.
 He is a 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m) and 190 lb (93 kg) guard who currently plays professionally for Mexican team Lobos Grises UAD.
Carlos Alberto Gomes de Lima or simply Carlos Alberto (born July 15, 1987 in Belém), is a Brazilian striker.
 He currently plays for Horizonte.
Saint Alberto Hurtado Cruchaga, S.J. (born Luis Alberto Hurtado Cruchaga on January 22, 1901 in Viña del Mar, Chile – August 18, 1952 in Santiago, Chile), popularly known in Chile as Padre Hurtado (Spanish: "Father Hurtado" ), was a Chilean Jesuit priest, lawyer, social worker and writer of Basque origin, founder of the "Hogar de Cristo" foundation.
 He was canonized on October 23, 2005, by Pope Benedict XVI, becoming his country's second saint.
Carlos Alberto de Oliveira Júnior or simply Carlos Alberto (born 24 January 1978 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who currently plays for Joinville Esporte Clube.
Carlos Alberto Hurtado Arteaga (born January 22, 1984 in Zacatepec, Morelos) is a professional Mexican footballer who currently plays for Correcaminos UAT on loan from Necaxa.
Padre Hurtado (] ) is a Chilean city and commune in Talagante Province, Santiago Metropolitan Region.
 A portion of the commune belongs to the Greater Santiago conurbation.
 The commune is named after Saint Alberto Hurtado, who was popularly known as "Padre Hurtado" ("Father Hurtado").
Carlos Alberto (born 22 October 1980 in Boquim, Brazil), full name Carlos Alberto dos Santos Gomes, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Boavista Sport Club at the left defender position.
Liceo Técnico Profesional Alberto Hurtado (English: Alberto Hurtado Technical-Professional High School ) is a Chilean high school located in Mostazal, Cachapoal Province.
Alberto Hurtado University (Spanish: "Universidad Alberto Hurtado" – UAH) is a Jesuit university located in downtown Santiago.
 Established in 1997, the university was created from the merger of three separate institutes: Instituto Latinoamericano de Doctrina y Estudios Sociales (ILADES), the Centro de Investigación, Desarrollo de la Educación (CIDE), and the Fundación Educacional Roberto Bellarmino.
 The university is named after a famous Chilean Jesuit Saint, Father Alberto Hurtado.
 UAH is a member of the AUSJAL and of .
 It receives support from Fundación Mar Adentro.
Carlos Alberto Gomes de Jesus (born 11 December 1984) commonly known as just Carlos Alberto, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder, but who can also play as a second striker.
 He currently plays for Atlético Paranaense.
 He is known for his technique, dribbling ability, balance on the ball and two-footedness.
