The Battle of Bishops Court, also known as The Defeat of Thurot, was a naval engagement that took place 28 February 1760, during the Seven Years' War, between three British ships and three French ships.
 The French force under famed commander François Thurot were brought to battle in the Irish sea between the Isle of Man and the coast of Ireland at 9 am.
 After a close-fought action, Thurot's force was battered into submission, with his ships dismasted and reduced to a sinking condition.
 Thurot was shot through the heart and died during the action.
 The British took all three French ships, completing victory.
The Battle of Texel was a sea battle fought during the Nine Years' War on 29 June 1694, when a force of 7 French ships, under Jean Bart, recaptured a French convoy, which had earlier that month been taken by the Dutch, and captured 3 ships of the 8-ship escorting force under Hidde de Vries.
 De Vries was captured by the French, but shortly after died of wounds.
Despite spirited resistance from the largest British merchant ship, "Windham", the failure of the other Indiamen to support their leader and the size and power of the French ships forced the British to withdraw: all the HEIC ships were subsequently captured by the larger, faster French warships.
 A month later, Hamelin's raiding campaign skirted disaster when a winter hurricane on the voyage back to Île de France almost wrecked his flagship "Vénus".
 "Vénus" only survived with the co-operation of the British prisoners aboard, who brought the ship safely to port.
 Only two of the captured Indiamen were successfully brought to Ile de France: the same storm that nearly destroyed "Vénus" scattered the squadron and its prizes, allowing a patrolling British frigate to recapture "Windham" just a few miles from the French island.
The French destroyer "Lynx" was a "Chacal"-class destroyer ("contre-torpilleur") built for the French Navy during the 1920s.
 The "Chacal"s were regarded as obsolete by 1935 and "Lynx" became a training ship for the torpedo school at Toulon that year.
 She was assigned convoy escort duties in the Atlantic after the start of World War II in September 1939.
 In July 1940, the ship was present when the British attacked the French ships at Mers-el-Kébir, but managed to escape without damage.
 After she reached Toulon, "Lynx" was placed in reserve where she remained for the next two years.
 On 27 November 1942, she was scuttled at Toulon when the Germans attempted to capture the French ships there.
 Her wreck was salvaged in 1944, but she was not broken up until 1948.
The Battle of Tellicherry was a naval action fought off the Indian port of Tellicherry between British and French warships on 18 November 1791 during the Third Anglo-Mysore War.
 Britain and France were not at war at the time of the engagement, but French support for the Kingdom of Mysore in the conflict with the British East India Company had led to Royal Navy patrols stopping and searching French ships sailing for the Mysorean port of Mangalore.
 When a French convoy from Mahé passed the British port of Tellicherry in November 1791, Commodore William Cornwallis sent a small squadron to intercept the French ships.
The Action of 7 October 1795 was a naval engagement of the French Revolutionary Wars during which a French squadron led by Rear-Admiral Joseph de Richery captured a large British convoy of thirty-one merchant vessels.
 The British convoy, escorted by three ships of line and several frigates under Commodore Thomas Taylor, sailed from Gibraltar and were intercepted on 7 October by a French squadron, one of the two who managed that year to evade the British blockade of Toulon.
 During the action the French ships captured a British 74-gun ship of line and all but one merchantmen.
 Shortly after, they bore his prizes triumphantly in Cadiz.
 Strangely it was not until 1812 when the Royal Navy decided to increase the number of escort vessels.
HMS "Peterel" (or "Peterell") was a 16-gun "Pylades"-class ship-sloop of the Royal Navy.
 She was launched in 1794 and was in active service until 1811.
 Her most famous action was the capture of the French brig "Ligurienne" when shortly after "Peterel" captured two merchant ships and sent them off with prize crews, three French ships attacked her.
 She drove two on shore and captured the largest, the 14-gun "Ligurienne".
 The Navy converted "Peterel" to a receiving ship at Plymouth in 1811 and sold her in 1827.
The Action of 2 May 1707, also known as Beachy Head, was a naval battle of the War of the Spanish Succession in which a French squadron under Claude de Forbin intercepted a large British convoy escorted by three ships of the line, under Commodore Baron Wylde.
 The action began when three French ships, the "Grifon", "Blackoal" and "Dauphine", grappled HMS "Hampton Court" , killing her captain, George Clements, and taking her.
 Claude Forbin's 60-gun "Mars" next attacked HMS "Grafton" and, when joined by the French ships "Blackoal" and "Fidèle", killed the Captain Edward Acton, and took her too.
 The convoy was scattered and the last British escort, HMS "Royal Oak" , badly hit and with 12 feet of water in her wells, managed to escape by running ashore near Dungeness, from where she was carried the next day into the Downs.
The Algeciras campaign (sometimes known as the Battle or Battles of Algeciras) was an attempt by a French naval squadron from Toulon under Contre-Admiral Charles Linois to join a French and Spanish fleet at Cadiz during June and July 1801 during the French Revolutionary War prior to a planned operation against either Egypt or Portugal.
 To reach Cadiz, the French squadron had to pass the British naval base at Gibraltar, which housed the squadron tasked with blockading the Spanish port.
 The British squadron was commanded by Rear-Admiral Sir James Saumarez.
 After a successful voyage between Toulon and Gibraltar, in which a number of British vessels were captured, the squadron anchored at Algeciras, a fortified port city within sight of Gibraltar across Gibraltar Bay.
 On 6 July 1801, Saumarez attacked the anchored squadron, in the First Battle of Algeciras.
 Although severe damage was inflicted on all three French ships of the line, none could be successfully captured and the British were forced to withdraw without HMS "Hannibal", which had grounded and was subsequently seized by the French.
The Battle of San Domingo was the last fleet engagement of the Napoleonic Wars, contested off the Southern coast of the Spanish colonial Captaincy General of Santo Domingo, then under French occupation, on 6 February 1806.
 A British squadron of seven ships of the line under Vice-Admiral Sir John Thomas Duckworth surprised and destroyed a French squadron of five ships of the line led by Contre-Admiral Corentin Urbain Leissègues as the French sailed westwards along the San Domingo coast.
 Using his superior numbers and speed, Duckworth struck at the head of the French line with his leading ships while the slower eastern division of his squadron intercepted and captured the French stragglers.
 The only French ships to escape were two frigates and a corvette – three ships of the line were captured and two destroyed, including Leissègues' flagship, the 120-gun "Impérial".
 French casualties were estimated as more than 1,500 men killed and wounded and the British suffered nearly 350 casualties in the engagement, which lasted for just over two hours.
