Song of the Open Road is a 1944 musical comedy film directed by S. Sylvan Simon, from a screenplay by Irving Phillips and Edward Verdier.
 It was the debut film of teenage singer Jane Powell.
 Powell's real name was Suzanne Burce, but prior to the release of this film MGM assigned her the stage name "Jane Powell" (the name of the character she portrays in this film).
The Bugle Sounds is a 1942 World War II movie starring Wallace Beery as a cavalry sergeant resistant to replacing horses with tanks.
 The supporting cast includes Marjorie Main, Lewis Stone, George Bancroft, Donna Reed, and Chill Wills, and the film was directed by S. Sylvan Simon.
Abbott and Costello in Hollywood (on screen title Bud Abbott and Lou Costello in Hollywood) is a 1945 black-and-white comedy film from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, produced by Martin A. Gosch, directed by S. Sylvan Simon, that stars the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.
Tish is a 1942 comedy-drama film directed by S. Sylvan Simon and starring Marjorie Main and ZaSu Pitts.
Salute to the Marines is a 1943 World War II propaganda war film drama in Technicolor from MGM, produced by John W. Considine, Jr., directed by S. Sylvan Simon, that stars Wallace Beery.
 The film co-stars Fay Bainter, Reginald Owen, Ray Collins, Keye Luke, and Marilyn Maxwell.
 Beery's older brother Noah Beery, Sr. also appears in the film, which is set in the Philippines just prior to the beginning of the Pacific War.
Grand Central Murder is a comedy/mystery film released in 1942.
 It was based on Sue MacVeigh's 1939 novel of the same name, and stars Van Heflin as a private investigator who is one of the suspects in a murder on a private train car in Grand Central Terminal.
 The film was directed by S. Sylvan Simon.
These Glamour Girls is a 1939 comedy-drama film directed by S. Sylvan Simon.
 It stars Lew Ayres and Lana Turner, with Tom Brown, Jane Bryan, Richard Carlson, Anita Louise and Ann Rutherford in featured roles.
Bad Bascomb is a 1946 western film starring Wallace Beery and Margaret O'Brien.
 The movie was directed by S. Sylvan Simon.
 The supporting cast features Marjorie Main, J. Carrol Naish, Frances Rafferty, Marshall Thompson and Henry O'Neill.
I Love Trouble is a 1948 American film noir mystery film written by Roy Huggins from his first novel "The Double Take", directed by S. Sylvan Simon, and starring Franchot Tone as Stuart Bailey.
 The character of Stuart Bailey was later portrayed by Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. in the television series "77 Sunset Strip".
Two Girls on Broadway is a 1940 musical film directed by S. Sylvan Simon, and starring Lana Turner and Joan Blondell.
 The film is a remake of "The Broadway Melody" (1929).
