Hawaiian Airlines (Hawaiian: "" ) is the largest airline in Hawaii.
 It is the 8th largest commercial airline in the US, and is based in Honolulu, Hawaii.
 The airline operates its main hub at Honolulu International Airport and a secondary hub out of Kahului Airport on the island of Maui.
 Hawaiian Airlines operates flights to Asia, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia and the United States Mainland.
 Hawaiian Airlines is owned by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. of which Mark Dunkerley is the current President and Chief Executive Officer.
The Airline Deregulation Act is a 1978 United States federal law that deregulated the airline industry in the United States, removing U.S. Federal Government control over such areas as fares, routes and market entry of new airlines, introducing a free market in the commercial airline industry and leading to a great increase in the number of flights, a decrease in fares, and an increase in the number of passengers and miles flown.
 The Civil Aeronautics Board's powers of regulation were phased out, but the Act did not diminish the regulatory powers of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) over all aspects of aviation safety.
GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) is an Irish–American commercial aircraft financing and leasing company.
 It is the largest commercial airline leasing/financing company in the world by number of aircraft.
 It is part of GE Capital, a company of the large conglomerate General Electric.
 GECAS buys aircraft from manufacturers like Airbus and Boeing and then leases them to airlines, typically on eight year leases, usually on dry lease contracts.
 It also buys aircraft from airlines and leases them back.
 The company has three global headquarters, located in Singapore; Shannon, County Clare and Norwalk, Connecticut.
Hilton Head Airport (IATA: HHH, ICAO: KHXD, FAA LID: HXD) is a public use airport located on Hilton Head Island, in Beaufort County, South Carolina, United States.
 Also known as Hilton Head Island Airport, it is owned by Beaufort County.
 Mostly used for general aviation, it is also served by a commercial airline and one public charter airline operating limited service.
 It is the only airport on Hilton Head Island.
The O’Kane Building is a historic commercial building in Bend, Oregon, United States.
 The structure was built in 1916 by Hugh O’Kane, a Bend businessman.
 The two-story building originally housed six retail stores and a theater on the first floor with twenty offices and an apartment upstairs.
 The building is located on the west corner of Oregon Avenue and Bond Street in downtown Bend.
 It has been in continuous use as a commercial building since it first opened.
 Today, the O’Kane Building is still the largest commercial structure in downtown Bend.
 Because of its importance to the history of Bend, the O’Kane Building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lancaster Airport (IATA: LNS, FAA LID: KLNS, TC LID: LNS) is a public use airport four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) north of the central business district of Lancaster, in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
 It is owned by the Lancaster Airport Authority.
 It is served by one commercial airline (subsidized by the Essential Air Service program) and one charter airline.
On April 15, 2008, Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines announced a merger agreement.
 The merger of the two carriers formed what was then the largest commercial airline in the world, with 786 aircraft.
 The merged airline is called "Delta Air Lines."
Louis Freeman (born June 12, 1952 in Austin, Texas) is a commercial airline pilot.
 In 1980 Freeman became Southwest Airlines' first black pilot, and, in 1992 he became the first black chief pilot of a major United States airline.
 His last flight was June 8, 2017.
Abu Dhabi Aviation Co. (Arabic: شركة طيران أبوظبي‎ ‎ ) () is an airline based in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
 It serves oil-fields and economic facilities in the United Arab Emirates and other Arab states.
 Its main base is Abu Dhabi International Airport.
 Abu Dhabi Aviation is the largest commercial helicopter operator in the Middle East, operating 58 helicopters (15 AgustaWestland AW139s, 24 Bell 412s, 19 Bell 212s), and 3 fixed-wing aircraft (DHC-8).
 The company employs over 900 personnel, including 150 pilots and 340 aircraft maintenance engineers.
 The bulk of the company's business activity is in support of Abu Dhabi offshore oil and engineering and construction companies.
 Other business activities include medical evacuation, survey, photography and charter.
 All aerial spraying of crops in the UAE and the majority of aerial spraying in Oman is carried out by ADA.
Julie E. Clark (born June 27, 1948 in Hayward, California, United States) is an American aerobatic air show pilot and former commercial airline pilot.
 She started her commercial flying career with Golden West Airlines as a first officer and ended it in 2003 as a Northwest Airlines Airbus A320 Captain.
 She was one of the first female pilots to work for a major airline.
 She has been voted as Performer of the Year several times for her performance in air shows.
