The Del Couch Music Education Foundation offers children free access to music education, recording equipment and mentorship.
 The foundation is located inside the Manatee School for the Arts in Palmetto, Florida, where the program founder and director Del Couch conducts four levels of classroom training in music recording and production and providing performance opportunities through events and mentorships.
 Alumni of the program include 2014 fifth-place American Idol finalist, Sam Woolf, and singer-songwriter recording artist Matt Walden, Carolina Opry star Colton Cason , singer song writer Taylor Zebracki , and more.
Porter Lyons is a jewelry and accessory brand created by Ashley Porter.
 The line debuted in November 2012 in New Orleans, Louisiana.
 The line has been worn by many celebrities, such as Taylor Swift, Jessica Alba, Jennifer Lawrence and Cameron Diaz and has been featured in "Elle" and "W Magazine".
Lou Bradley is an Australian singer/song writer born and raised in Sydney's Northern Beaches, later moving to Mullumbimby in her late 20's with her husband and three children.
Lalomie (Lomie) Washburn was a R&B Singer Song Writer.
Robert Pehrsson (born December 13, 1975) is a Swedish guitarist, singer & song writer.
 He has worked for such diverse bands such as Runemagick, Thunder Express, Death Breath, Dundertåget, Imperial State Electric, Slingblade and also Dagger.
 Robert Pehrsson started his career as a guitarist/vocalist around 88–89, then concentrating mainly on playing extreme music like thrash and early death metal, but soon branched out in different musical genres but mainly focusing on rock music.
Internet Co., Ltd. (株式会社インターネット , Kabushikigaisha Intānetto ) , or Internet, is a software company based in Osaka, Japan.
 It is best known for the music sequencer Singer Song Writer and Niconico Movie Maker for Nico Nico Douga, a video sharing website.
 It also develops singing synthesizers using the Vocaloid 4 engine developed by Yamaha Corporation.
 In 2014, they were the second leading company in sound related software in Japan, boasting a 14.0% share of the market.
Elhadi Adam Elhadi (Arabic: الهادي آدم الهادي‎ ‎ ), or Al-Hadi Adam Al-Hadi (1927-30 November 2006), was a Sudanese writer and song writer born in El-Helalelih village, Al Jazirah state in central Sudan on the bank of the Blue Nile.
 He is buried in Sheikh Mahgoub Cemetery in Khartoum North
Peter Irwin Cape (19 January 1926 – 30 May 1979) was a singer and song writer born in Helensville, New Zealand.
Masaki Kyomoto (京本 政樹 , Kyōmoto Masaki , January 21, 1959 –) is a Japanese actor, singer song writer, and guitarist.
 He has appeared in films and television series including "Legend of the Eight Samurai", "Sukeban Deka", "Kamen Rider Black", "" (aka "Ultraman Great"), "Cutie Honey", "Chage and Aska", "Ōedo Sōsamō", "Mito Kōmon", "Anmitsu Hime", "Food Fight", "Ultraman Tiga", "Ultraman Dyna", "Ii Hito", "GARO", 'Tenchu:Yamino Shiokinin" and most recently "81diver".
 He has performed on the soundtracks to "GARO" and "", performing the first two ending themes for the former, and producing GARO Project's performances of the final two ending themes for the series and the ending theme for the special.
 Masaki got a role in a buster film "Legend of the Eight Samurai" as Inuzuka Shino and it became a sensation that lead to Masaki's break out role "Ryu" on a popular Japanese period piece samurai drama series "Hisattsu shigotonin V" where he played Japanese obi-belt maker who is ex-ninja turned to be an assassin (shigotonin) to kill bad guys.
 He became a big star by that role and since then has appeared in numerous period piece drama series.
 He often plays a role much younger than his actual age due to youthful appearance.
 His picture with his son Taiga Kyomoto (Johnny's Jr.) went viral in Asia and many thought he is Taiga's older brother instead of father.
 He is an established musician as well produced sound track for TV shows and music for himself and other singers.
Yas Taalat is a recording artist and song writer born in Sudbury now based in Toronto.
 He is the co-founder and lead singer of the popular gold selling status band Project Wyze and currently the successful hip hop group Dead Celebrity Status.
 Yas had been making music and performing since the early age of 13 and toured with hip hop group Public Enemy by the time he was 14 years of age.
 Yas and band partner Bobby made a name for themselves across North America as gifted lyricists and ferocious battle emcee's.
 Though born in Canada his parents hail from Morocco.
 He is Muslim and talks about the pains and struggles of being one in this post 9/11 world on the Dead Celebrity Status track "In This Day and Age" featuring Jeordie White aka Twiggy Ramirez from Marilyn Manson and Bif Naked.
