Peter John Taylor (born 3 January 1953) is an English retired footballer who is currently manager of Gillingham .
 He has been the manager of Dartford, Southend United, Dover Athletic, Leicester City, Brighton and Hove Albion, Hull City, Crystal Palace, Kerala Blasters, Stevenage Borough, Wycombe Wanderers, Bradford City and Gillingham twice, leaving the last role at the end of 2014.
 He also had two spells as head coach of the England under-21 team and took charge of the England national team for one game against Italy where he made David Beckham captain.
 He recently managed England under-20 team in 2013.
 Outside of England, Taylor was the head coach of the Bahrain national football team.
Damian Barton (born 19 May 1962) is a former Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1980s and 1990s.
 He is currently manager of Derry Senior football team.
 He was part of Derry's 1993 All-Ireland Championship winning side, also winning Ulster Senior Football Championships in 1987 and 1993.
 He usually played in the half-forward line.
 Barton played club football with Seán O'Leary's GAC Newbridge, where he won a Derry Senior Football Championship in 1989.
 He also writes for The Irish News.
Brooke E. Knight (born November 20, 1972) is the current manager of the Adelaide Bite of the Australian Baseball League.
 He is best known for leading the Perth Heat to back-to-back ABL Championships in 2011 & 2012 (defeating the Bite and the Melbourne Aces respectively).
 He is also currently manager and director of baseball operations for the Corvallis Knights, a collegiate summer wood bat baseball team in the West Coast League.
Stuart Charles-Fevrier or Stuart Charles Fevrier is a Saint Lucian football manager and former international footballer.
 He is currently manager of W Connection in Trinidad and Tobago and also assistant manager of the Trinidad & Tobago national team
Johan Jordi Cruijff (] , anglicised to Cruyff; born 9 February 1974) is a Dutch former footballer.
 Cruyff is currently Maccabi Tel Aviv's manager.
 He is the son of Dutch former player and manager Johan Cruyff.
The Johan Cruyff Shield (Dutch: Johan Cruijff Schaal ) is a football trophy in the Netherlands named after the Dutch football player Johan Cruyff, also often referred to as the Dutch Super Cup.
 The winner is decided in one match only, played by the winner of the national football league (the Eredivisie) and the winner of the national KNVB Cup.
 In the event of a team winning both the Eredivisie and the KNVB Cup, the Johan Cruyff Shield will be contested between that team and the runner up in the national league.
 The match traditionally opens the Dutch football season in August one week before the Eredivisie starts.
Carles Rexach i Cerdà (] ) (born 13 January 1947), also referred to as Charly Rexach, is a former Spanish footballer and manager.
 He has spent the majority of his career at FC Barcelona.
 Rexach first joined the club as a junior player when he was 12.
 He was a player at the club for 22 years and then worked for them as a scout, coach and manager for another 22 years.
 Rexach formed a successful partnership with Johan Cruyff, both on and off the field.
 As players they helped FC Barcelona win La Liga in 1974, the club's first win in 14 years.
 He also served as assistant coach to Cruyff during the "Dream Team" era between 1988 and 1996.
 Rexach also served as caretaker manager of the club on three occasions before he was appointed manager in 2001.
Curtis Woodhouse (born 17 April 1980) is an English former professional footballer turned professional boxer and football manager.
 He is currently manager of Bridlington Town.
 Woodhouse played football as a central midfielder, and competed as a light-welterweight boxer.
 He is the former British light-welterweight champion.
 His career in the Football League spanned across nine seasons, earning four caps for the England under-21 football team.
 Woodhouse's professional boxing record stands at 29 fights 22 wins, 13 of which are by knock-out, and 7 defeats.
The Cruyff Turn (also spelled Cruijff Turn in the Netherlands) is an evasive football move that was named after Dutch footballer Johan Cruyff.
 To do this move, Cruyff would look to pass or cross the ball.
 Instead of kicking it, he would drag the ball behind his planted foot with the inside of his crossing foot, turn through 180 degrees, and accelerate away from the defender.
 This feint was executed by Cruyff in the 1974 FIFA World Cup, first being seen in the Netherlands' match against Sweden where he outwitted Swedish defender Jan Olsson.
 The move was soon widely copied by other players around the world.
 It remains one of the most commonly used dribbling tricks in the modern game.
Wilhelmus Maria "Wim" Jonk (born 12 October 1966 in Volendam) is a Dutch football coach, former international player and former Head of Academy at Ajax Amsterdam.
 Together with Jordi Cruyff, Jonk manages Cruyff Football and is responsible for the worldwide continuation and dissemination of the football legacy of Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff, who died on March 24, 2016.
