The Beloved Rogue is a 1927 American silent film, loosely based on the life of the 15th century French poet, François Villon.
 The film was directed by Alan Crosland for United Artists.
The Personality Kid is a 1934 American drama film directed by Alan Crosland, starring Pat O'Brien and Glenda Farrell.
 The film was based on a story by Gene Towne and C. Graham Baker.
 It was released by Warner Bros. in July 7, 1934.
 A young prizefighter's success corrupts him and leads him to neglect his wife.
The Flapper is a 1920 American silent comedy film starring Olive Thomas.
 Directed by Alan Crosland, the film was the first in the United States to portray the "flapper" lifestyle which would soon become a 1920s fad.
General Crack is a 1930 American Pre-Code part-talkie historical costume melodrama with Technicolor sequences which was directed by Alan Crosland and produced and distributed by Warner Bros. It was filmed and premiered in 1929, and released early in 1930.
 It stars John Barrymore in his first full-length all-talking feature.
 The film would prove to be Crosland and Barrymore's last historical epic together.
Contraband is a lost 1925 silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 Alan Crosland directed and Lois Wilson stars.
 The film is taken from a novel, "Contraband", by Charles Buddington Kelland.
 The last film directed by Alan Crosland the cooperation with distributor Paramount Pictures.
Midnight Alibi is a 1934 sound film directed by Alan Crosland, produced by First National Pictures, distributed by [[Warner Bros].]
 and starring [[Richard Barthelmess]].
 Midnight Alibi is an adaptation of [[Damon Runyon]]'s 1933 short story "The Old Doll's House".
Alan Crosland (August 10, 1894 – July 16, 1936) was an American stage actor and film director.
Lady Tubbs is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Alan Crosland and written by Barry Trivers.
 The film stars Alice Brady, Douglass Montgomery, Anita Louise, Alan Mowbray, June Clayworth and Hedda Hopper.
 The film was released on July 2, 1935, by Universal Pictures.
The Hertzberg Clock is an historic landmark and visitor attraction located at the corner of N. St. Mary's and Houston streets in the Bexar County city of San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas.
 Installed in 1878 in front of Eli Hertzberg Jewelry Company, it was made by E. Howard & Co. of Boston, Massachusetts.
 The freestanding town clock was donated to the San Antonio Conservation Society in 1982 by the daughters of its original owners, Max and Nell Goodman.
 A 1985 restoration was made possible through donations of time and money from Republicbank San Antonio, John J. Duff, master watchmaker and clockmaker, London Watch and Clock Company; and Kurt, Ted, and Al Voss, Kurt Voss Metals, Inc.
 The clock is hand wound and maintains time through a series of weights.
Kurt Voss (born Kurt Christopher Peter Wössner) is an American film director, screenwriter and musician-songwriter.
 Voss's credits include Will Smith's debut "Where The Day Takes You"; the Justin Theroux, Alyssa Milano and Ice T action film "Below Utopia"; actress Jaime Pressly's debut feature "", and rock and roll related films including "Down and Out with the Dolls" and "Ghost on The Highway: A Portrait of Jeffrey Lee Pierce and The Gun Club".
