The classical Latin alphabet, also known as the Roman alphabet, is a writing system originally used by the ancient Romans to write the Latin language.
 The Latin alphabet evolved from the visually similar Cumaean Greek version of the Greek alphabet, which was itself descended from the Phoenician abjad, which in turn was derived from Egyptian hieroglyphics.
 The Etruscans who ruled early Rome adopted the Cumaean Greek alphabet which was modified over time to become the Etruscan alphabet, which was in turn adopted and further modified by the Romans to produce the Latin alphabet.
An Arabic-based creole language, or simply Arabic creole is a creole language which was significantly influenced by the Arabic language.
Contemporary Latin is the form of the Latin language used from the end of the 19th century through to the present.
 Various kinds of contemporary Latin can be distinguished.
 On the one hand there is its survival in areas such as taxonomy as the result of the widespread presence of the language in the New Latin era.
 This is usually found in the form of mere words or phrases used in the general context of other languages.
 On the other hand, there is the use of Latin as a language in its own right as a full-fledged means of expression.
 Living or Spoken Latin, being the most specific development of Latin in the contemporary context, is the primary subject of this article.
English is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now a global "lingua franca".
 Named after the Angles, one of the Germanic tribes that migrated to England, it ultimately derives its name from the Anglia (Angeln) peninsula in the Baltic Sea.
 It is closely related to the Frisian languages, but its vocabulary has been significantly influenced by other Germanic languages, particularly Norse (a North Germanic language), as well as by Latin and Romance languages, particularly French.
Jean Bayet (12 November 1892 – 5 December 1969) was a French Latinist.
 A Professor of Latin Language and Literature at the Sorbonne, he was Director-General of Education in 1944 and Director of the École française de Rome from 1952 to 1960.
 In 1948 he was elected a member of the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres.
 A specialist of Latin literature and Religion in ancient Rome, Jean Bayet, through his works and the theses he directed, played a decisive role in the development of a French school of history of the Roman religion, particularly active in the second half of the twentieth century.
Classical Latin is the modern term used to describe the form of the Latin language recognized as standard by writers of the late Roman Republic and the Roman Empire.
 In some later periods, it was regarded as "good" Latin, with later versions being viewed as debased or corrupt.
 The word "Latin" is now taken by default as meaning "Classical Latin", so that, for example, modern Latin textbooks describe Classical Latin.
 Marcus Tullius Cicero and his contemporaries of the late republic, while using "lingua latina" and "sermo latinus" to mean the Latin language as opposed to Greek or other languages, and "sermo vulgaris" or "sermo vulgi" to refer to the vernacular, referred to the speech they valued most and in which they wrote as "latinitas", "Latinity", with the implication of good.
 Sometimes it was called "sermo familiaris", "speech of the good families", "sermo urbanus", "speech of the city" or rarely "sermo nobilis", "noble speech".
 But besides "latinitas", it was mainly called "latine" (adverb), "in good Latin", or "latinius" (comparative degree of the adverb), "good Latin".
Renaissance music is vocal and instrumental music written and performed in Europe during the Renaissance era.
 Consensus among music historians – with notable dissent – has been to start the era around 1400, with the end of the medieval era, and to close it around 1600, with the beginning of the Baroque period, therefore commencing the musical Renaissance about a hundred years after the beginning of the Renaissance as it is understood in other disciplines.
 As in the other arts, the music of the period was significantly influenced by the developments which define the Early Modern period: the rise of humanistic thought; the recovery of the literary and artistic heritage of Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome; increased innovation and discovery; the growth of commercial enterprises; the rise of a bourgeois class; and the Protestant Reformation.
 From this changing society emerged a common, unifying musical language, in particular the polyphonic style (this means music with multiple, independent melody lines performed simultaneously) of the Franco-Flemish school, whose greatest master was Josquin des Prez.
Lucius Livius Andronicus (c. 284 – c. 205 BC) was a Greco-Roman dramatist and epic poet of the Old Latin period.
 He began as an educator in the service of a noble family at Rome by translating Greek works into Latin, including Homer's "Odyssey".
 They were meant at first as educational devices in the school he founded.
 He wrote works for the stage—both tragedies and comedies—which are regarded as the first dramatic works written in the Latin language of ancient Rome.
 His comedies were based on Greek New Comedy and featured characters in Greek costume.
 Thus, the Romans referred to this new genre by the term comoedia palliata (fabula palliata).
 The Roman biographer Suetonius later coined the term "half-Greek" of Livius and Ennius (referring to their genre, not their ethnic backgrounds).
 The genre was imitated by the next dramatists to follow in Andronicus' footsteps and on that account he is regarded as the father of Roman drama and of Latin literature in general; that is, he was the first man of letters to write in Latin.
 Varro, Cicero, and Horace, all men of letters during the subsequent Classical Latin period, considered Livius Andronicus to have been the originator of Latin literature.
 He is the earliest Roman poet whose name is known.
Saga of Western Man is a historically themed anthology series television series that aired on ABC Television from 1963 to 1969.
 Each episode focused on a particular year, person, or incident that producer John H. Secondari felt significantly influenced the progress of Western civilization.
The Aquitanians (Latin: Aquitani) were a people living in what is now southern Aquitaine and southwestern Midi-Pyrénées, France, called Gallia Aquitania by the Romans in the region between the Pyrenees, the Atlantic ocean, and the Garonne, present-day southwestern France.
 They were an ancient non-Indo-European population that lived in the northern slopes of the Pyrenees.
 They spoke the Aquitanian language, related to Old Basque.
 Classical authors such as Julius Caesar and Strabo clearly distinguish them from the other peoples of Gaul and Hispania (the Iberian Peninsula).
 With the process of Romanization, in the centuries of Roman Empire, they adopted the Latin Language (Vulgar Latin) and Roman civilization.
 Their old language, the Aquitanian language, was the substrate for the Gascon language (one of the Romance languages) spoken in Gascony.
