Ka Vang (born 1975) is a Hmong American writer in the United States.
 Vang was born on a CIA military base, Long Cheng, Laos, at the end of the Vietnam War, and immigrated to America in 1980.
 A fiction writer, poet, playwright, and former journalist, Vang has devoted much of her professional life to capturing Hmong folktales on paper.
 She is a recipient of the Archibald Bush Artist Fellowship and several other artistic and leadership awards.
 She is the author of the children's book, Shoua and the Northern Lights Dragon, a finalist for the 23rd Annual Midwest Book Awards in 2012.
Two To Conquer is a science fantasy novel by American writer Marion Zimmer Bradley; it is part of the Darkover series, set at the end of Ages of Chaos, in the period of Darkover's history known as the Hundred Kingdoms.
 The book's introduction places it two hundred years after the events in the book entitled Stormqueen!
.
 at the end of the Ages of Chaos, and the start of the Hundred Kingdoms.
Wilhelm Dichter is a Polish American writer who has written three novels based on his life.
 He was born in 1935 in Borysław (in modern-day Ukraine), where he survived the war.
 His father had died, and he and his mother (remarried after the war) came to live in Poland toward the end of 1944.
 He finished his studies at the Warsaw Polytechnic, where he earned his doctorate in mechanical engineering and worked for 13 years until 1968.
 The antisemitic campaign in 1968 in Poland provided the opportunity for him and his family to emigrate, through Vienna and Rome, eventually settling in the United States.
 As an expert in ballistics, he worked at Colt Firearms in the R&D division on Long Island, New York, and later in Hartford Connecticut.
 In 1978, he made a transition to the field of image processing, becoming an image processing algorithm design specialist at the Linotype-Hell company.
 Wilhelm Dichter is now retired from his engineering and scientific work.
 When he is not writing, Wilhelm and his wife Ola spend quality time with their grandchildren.
 He and Ola live in the Boston area.
End of Watch is the 55th novel by American writer Stephen King, the third volume of a trilogy focusing on Detective Bill Hodges, following "Mr. Mercedes" and "Finders Keepers".
 The book was first announced at an event at St. Francis College on April 21, 2015 under the title "The Suicide Prince".
 On June 10, the new title "End of Watch" was announced.
 At the 2015 Edgar Awards, while accepting the award for Best Novel for "Mr. Mercedes", King announced that the novel's antagonist, Brady Hartsfield, will be making a return in this book.
The “Battle Hymn of the Republic”, also known as “Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory” outside of the United States, is a song by American writer Julia Ward Howe using the music from the song “John Brown’s Body.”
 Howe’s more famous lyrics were written in November 1861, and first published in "The Atlantic Monthly" in February 1862.
 The song links the judgment of the wicked at the end of the age (Old Testament, Isaiah 63; New Testament, Rev. 19) with the American Civil War.
 Since that time, it has become an extremely popular and well-known American patriotic song.
James William Kunetka (born September 29, 1944) is an American writer best known for his science fiction novels "Warday" and "Nature's End".
 He has also written non-fiction on the topic of the atomic age.
Sales Pitch is a science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick, first published in "Future Science Fiction "magazine, June 1954.
 The premise of omni-present, intrusive and even aggressive advertising and marketing is as relevant as ever.
 In the end of the story, the character is driven mad by a robot who can forcefully market himself, and refuses to take no for an answer.
 The subject was of concern to Dick, and features in his early works such as "The Man Who Japed".
 Advertising was still considered relatively innocuous in the 1950s.
 A later extrapolation of the idea is seen in J. G. Ballard's "The Subliminal Man", written nearly 10 years later.
This is a bibliography of works by or about the American writer Rex Stout (December 1, 1886 – October 27, 1975), an American writer noted for his detective fiction.
 He began his literary career in the 1910s, writing more than 40 stories that appeared in pulp magazines between 1912 and 1918.
 He wrote no fiction for more than a decade, until the late 1920s, when he had saved enough money through his business activities to write when and what he pleased.
 In 1929, he wrote his first published book, "How Like a God", an unusual psychological story written in the second person.
 He wrote a pioneering political thriller, "The President Vanishes" (1934), before he turned to writing detective fiction.
 His 1934 novel "Fer-de-Lance" introduced his best-known characters, detective Nero Wolfe and his assistant Archie Goodwin, who were featured in 33 novels and 39 novellas and short stories between 1934 and 1975.
 In 1959, Stout received the Mystery Writers of America's Grand Master Award.
 The Nero Wolfe corpus was nominated Best Mystery Series of the Century at Bouchercon XXXI, the world's largest mystery convention, and Rex Stout was nominated Best Mystery Writer of the Century.
Bobby Miller is an American writer/director whose short film "TUB" world premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2010.
 It went on to play Cannes, SXSW, and other film festivals around the world.
 Miller recently worked at BuzzFeed as a video producer, but left to write and direct his first feature film, "The Master Cleanse".
 He's a 2009 graduate of Columbia University's Graduate MFA Film Program and currently lives in Los Angeles, California.
 He is married to partner and animator, Daron Nefcy.
 His latest film is "End Times" which completes his "Trilogy of Tears".
 A trio of films that began with "TUB", continued with "The Master Cleanse", and concludes with "End Times".
Finity's End is a science fiction novel written by the American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.
 It is one of Cherryh's Merchanter novels, set in her Alliance-Union universe, in which humanity has split into three major power blocs: Union, the Merchanter's Alliance and Earth.
 "Finity's End" was shortlisted for a Locus Award in 1998.
