Shwayne Booth Jr., known as S.mouse (later as S.mouse!)
, is a fictional character from the Australian mockumentary television series, "Angry Boys".
 The character is portrayed by Chris Lilley, who wears a curly wig and blackface makeup.
 He has appeared in "Angry Boys" since the second episode.
 He is an African American rapper who lives in Calabasas, California.
 In the second episode, S.mouse is introduced as the rapper who just released the biggest selling hip-hop single of all time, "Slap My Elbow".
 Later in the show, S.mouse is put under house arrest at his parent's home for two months, after defecating on a police car in the music video for his single "Poo on You".
 He also gets dropped from his record label after another one of his videos, Grandmother Fucker, receives many complaints.
"Ego Trippin' (Part Two)" is a 1994 single by the group, De La Soul, and the second single to be released from the group's 1993 album, "Buhloone Mindstate".
 The song (and its music video) were a scathing parody on gangsta rap complete with "hardcore" screaming.
 The video caught the attention of rappers such as Ice Cube and Tupac Shakur, the latter taking exception to the video showing a rapper splashing around in a pool similar to Shakur's own video for his song entitled "I Get Around".
 The song features vocal contributions from Philadelphia rapper Shorty No Mas who also appeared in the video.
"You Can Do It" is a single by American rapper Ice Cube.
 It was released from the "Next Friday" soundtrack.
 The song features Ice Cube's Westside Connection bandmate Mack 10, as well as female rapper Ms. Toi.
 "You Can Do It" later appeared on Cube's sixth studio album, "War & Peace Vol.
 2 (The Peace Disc)" as well as on his "Greatest Hits" and "In the Movies" compilations.
 It would also appear on the double platinum "Save the Last Dance".
"We Want Eazy" is a single by the American gangsta rapper Eazy-E, from his 1988 debut album, "Eazy-Duz-It".
 The song features fellow N.W.A members Dr. Dre and MC Ren and was produced by Dr. Dre and DJ Yella.
 "We Want Eazy" also appears on his greatest hits, "Eternal E"; a 12-inch remix of this song was released as a single in 1989 and appeared on the rapper's posthumous compilation, "Featuring...Eazy-E".
The discography of American rapper Memphis Bleek consists of four studio albums, twelve mixtapes, seventeen singles (including four as a featured artist) and fifteen music videos.
 An early signing to rapper Jay-Z's record label Roc-A-Fella Records, Bleek appeared on several of Jay-Z's early songs, and collaborated with him on the single "It's Alright" from the soundtrack to the film "Streets Is Watching", which peaked at number 61 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Bleek went on to release his debut album, "Coming of Age", in 1999, which contained the singles "Memphis Bleek Is...", "My Hood to Your Hood" and "What You Think of That".
Felicia Pearson (born May 18, 1980) is an American actress, author, and rapper.
 She is best known for playing a character of the same name, Felicia "Snoop" Pearson, on "The Wire".
 She wrote a memoir titled "Grace After Midnight" detailing her troubled childhood and time spent in prison for second degree murder.
"Here I Am" is the third single from Rick Ross's second album "Trilla".
 It features Nelly and Avery Storm.
 This song, produced by Drumma Boy, contains an interpolation of Stevie Wonder's "Lately."
 Video appearances made are DJ Khaled, Birdman, Pitbull, Dre, Felicia Pearson, Ace Hood and others.
 After the song ends, the video cuts to Ross's other song, "Maybach Music".
 The single debuted at 99 on the Billboard Hot 100, and has peaked at #41.
 The original third single was going to be "Luxury Tax", but it was changed to "Here I Am".
"Here We Come" is a song American producer/rapper Timbaland.
 It features frequent collaborators Missy Elliott and Magoo and serves as the lead single for Timbaland's solo debut album, "" (1998).
 The song also features background vocals by Playa and Darryl Pearson.
 While the song charted and was released via radio airplay on November 17, 1998, it was not granted a physical release in the United States until March 2, 1999; and in October 5, 1999 for Germany.
Josh Winkler (born July 4, 1977), better known as DJ Klever is a prominent American turntablism and 2 time US Disco Mix Club champion.
 He has toured across the world and resides in Atlanta, Georgia.
 Since early 2014 he has been rapper Yelawolf's touring DJ, he later started working with the rapper and signed to his record label Slumerican.
 He is involved in the rapper's second studio album "Love Story", and has appeared to most of the single's music videos.
The discography of Tyga, an American rapper, consists of four studio albums, two compilation albums, fourteen mixtapes, eight singles (including four as a featured artist) and forty-eight music videos.
 In 2008, Tyga released his first studio album, "No Introduction", on the record label Decaydance Records.
 The album featured the single "Coconut Juice", which features singer Travie McCoy; the song peaked at number 94 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Tyga's first song to appear on the chart.
 In 2010, Tyga and American singer Chris Brown released the collaborative mixtape "Fan of a Fan", which included the single "Deuces": the song peaked at number 14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became Tyga's first song to chart on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, peaking at number thirty.
 Tyga also appeared on the song "Loyalty", a single by fellow rapper Birdman, and collaborated with rapper Lil Wayne on the non-album single "I'm on It", both of which failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
