The Villano de Las Encartaciones (Basque: "Enkarterriko billano" , Cantabrian: "Villanu", English: Villein of las Encartaciones ) is a Spanish working dog originated in Las Encartaciones, a comarca of the province of Biscay, in the Basque country, eastern Cantabria and northern Burgos.
 There are less than 100 of them in existence.
 The Villano derived from the Spanish Bulldog, of which it represents a lighter, faster and more agile version.
 The dog is used to catch Monchina cattle, which are raised in a feral state in northern Spain.
 The Villano is also used for boar hunting given its qualities as a catch dog.
 Males stand 60 to 65 cm at the shoulder and weigh up to 35 kg.
Falange Española de las Juntas de Ofensiva Nacional-Sindicalista (Spanish for "Spanish Phalanx of the Councils of the National-Syndicalist Offensive"; "FE de las JONS" for short), or simply called the "Falange" (   ), was a Fascist and National Syndicalist political party founded in 1934 in Spain as merger of the Falange Española (founded in October 1933) and the Juntas de Ofensiva Nacional-Sindicalista (founded in October 1931).
 The Falange Española de las JONS ceased to exist as such when, during the Spanish Civil War, General Francisco Franco merged it with the Traditionalists in April 1937 to form the similarly named Falange Española Tradicionalista y de las Juntas de Ofensiva Nacional Sindicalista, which became the sole legal party in Spain until its dissolution in 1977.
San Cristóbal de las Casas National Airport (Spanish: "Aeropuerto Nacional de San Cristóbal de las Casas" ) formerly (IATA: SZT, ICAO: MMSC) was an airport located 18 km from the city of San Cristóbal de las Casas in the state of Chiapas, Mexico.
 It was operated by Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares (English: Airports and Auxiliary Services ), a corporation of the federal government.
 It was also known as Corazón de María Airport.
Enkarterri (Spanish: "Las Encartaciones") is a comarca of the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain.
 It is one of the seven "comarcas" or districts that make up the province of Biscay.
 Its administrative centre is Balmaseda.
 Enkarterri stretches from the river Nervion and the Estuary of Bilbao in the east to the mountains that form its southern border with Cantabria and Castile-Leon in the west and south.
The Villanuco de Las Encartaciones (Basque: "Enkarterriko billanuko" , Cantabrian: "Villanucu", English: Little Villein of Las Encartaciones ) is a Spanish breed of dog typical of the region of Las Encartaciones (Biscay), Cantabria and northern Burgos (Spain).
Samanta Schweblin was born in Buenos Aires in 1978.
 In 2001 she was granted her first award by the Fondo Nacional de las Artes (national Fund of the Arts).
 In that same year, her first book "El núcleo del Disturbio" (Planeta, 2002) garnered her the first prize of the Concurso Nacional Haroldo Conti.
 (National Contest Haroldo Conti).
 In 2008 she obtained the prize "Casa de las Americas" for her storybook "La Furia de las pestes", soon to be published.
 She was included in the anthologies "Quand elles se glissent dans la peau d'un homme" (Éditions Michalon, Francia.
 2007), "Una terraza propia" (Norma, 2006), "La joven guardia" (Norma, 2005), "Cuentos Argentinos" (Siruela, España 2004), among others.
 In 2010 she was chosen by the Granta magazine as one of the 22 best writers in Spanish under 35 years.
 Some of her stories have been translated into English, French, Serbian, Swedish, Dutch, and Danish, and published in magazines and other cultural forums.
 An English translation of her story "Killing a Dog" was published in the Summer 2009 issue of the London-based quarterly newspaper The Drawbridge.
Residencial Fray Bartolomé de Las Casas, more commonly known as Residencial Las Casas or Las Casas, is a public housing complex located in San Juan, Puerto Rico consisting of 417 housing units.
 It is under the management of the Puerto Rico Housing Authority ("Administración de Vivienda Pública" in Spanish) and is under the federal housing program of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
 It was named after the famous Spaniard Roman Catholic Fray Bartolomé de Las Casas, who also has a town named after him in Mexico, namely San Cristóbal de las Casas.
África de las Heras Gavilán (Ceuta, 26 April 1909 – Moscow, 8 March 1988) was a Spanish Communist, naturalized Soviet citizen, and KGB Spy who went by the code name "Patria", but also used the names "María Luisa de las Heras de Darbat","María de la Sierra","Patricia", "Ivonne", "María de las Heras", "Znoi" and "María Pavlovna".
 Originally a member of the Communist Party of Spain, de las Heras participated in various Soviet intelligence operations both during and after the Spanish Civil War.
The Asno de las Encartaciones , Basque: "" , is a breed of small domestic donkey from the western part of the autonomous community of the Basque Country, in north-east Spain.
 It is named for the comarca of Las Encartaciones (Enkarterri), in the province of Biscay (Bizkaia).
 It is the only small donkey breed of Spain, and resembles the Gascon donkey, now a sub-type of the Pyrenean donkey.
 The Asno de las Encartaciones is critically endangered, and is protected by conservation measures.
The Retuertas horse, Spanish: Caballo de las Retuertas or Caballo de las Retuertas de Doñana , is a rare breed of horse indigenous to the Andalusia region of Spain.
 It is said to closely resemble the ancient Iberian horses that populated Spain before being domesticated.
 It is now found only in the Doñana National Park in the provinces of Huelva and Sevilla, and in The Biological Reserve "Campanarios de Azaba" in Espeja (Salamanca province) a part of which is the research reserve of the Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, the Spanish National Research Council.
 According to a genetic study by the CSIC, the Retuertas horse is one of the oldest European breeds., dating to 3000 years BP, and the only one living in the wild and isolated from other populations.
