The Pretzel Amusement Ride Company was a famous manufacturer of pretzel dark rides. Pretzel built over 1400 pretzel rides and sold them to carnivals and parks.
 The pretzel ride was invented by Marvin Rempfer.
 Leon Cassidy was Marvin's partner in the Pretzel Amusement Ride Company.
 Both names are on the patent.
 Leon Cassidy patented the single-rail dark ride in 1928 along with Marvin Rempfer.
 The company originated in Tumbling Dam Park on the banks of Sunset Lake in Bridgeton, New Jersey.
 A rider said that ""It felt like I was turned and twisted like a Pretzel"", so the name Pretzel was chosen.
 A large heavy pretzel design was originally affixed to the front of each car to prevent the car from flipping backwards.
 In 1929, a standard Pretzel ride had five cars, 350 feet of track, and was one and a half minutes per ride.
 A pretzel ride sold for $1,200.
Mack Rides GmbH & Co KG, also known simply as Mack Rides, is a German company that designs and constructs amusement rides.
 Mack Rides in headquartered in Waldkirch, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
 Mack Rides is one of the world's oldest amusement industry suppliers and builds all kinds of amusement devices including several types of flat rides, dark rides, log flumes, tow boat rides and roller coasters.
 The family that owns Mack Rides also owns Europa-Park.
Anton Schwarzkopf (8 July 1924 – 30 July 2001) was a German engineer of amusement rides, and founder of the Schwarzkopf Industries Company, which built numerous amusement rides and large roller coasters for both amusement parks and traveling funfairs.
D. H. Morgan Manufacturing, later simply known as Morgan, was a manufacturer of roller coaster trains, custom amusement rides, roller coasters, children's rides and other amusement devices.
 Founded in 1983, the company was originally headquartered in Scotts Valley, California.
 In 1991, the company moved to La Selva Beach, California and into a new 55,000 square-foot indoor manufacturing facility that also featured an acre of outdoor space.
 That facility was later increased to 75,000 square feet.
 The company produced a variety of rides from 1983 until 2001, but is probably best known for its steel hyper coasters.
Charles I. D. Looff was an American master carver and builder of hand-carved carousels and amusement rides.
 Looff built the first carousel at Coney Island in 1876.
 During his lifetime, he built over 40 carousels, several amusements parks, numerous roller coasters and Ferris wheels, and built California's famous Santa Monica Pier.
 He became famous for creating the unique Coney Island style of carousel carving.
 A carousel museum is located at 2500 Long Beach Blvd, Long Beach, California.
Roller coasters are amusement rides developed for amusement parks and modern theme parks.
 During the 16th and 17th centuries, rides consisting of wooden sleds that took riders down large slides made from ice were popular in Russia.
 The first roller coasters, where the train was attached to a wooden track, first appeared in France in the early 1800s.
 Although wooden roller coasters are still being produced, steel roller coasters are more common and can be found on every continent except Antarctica.
Giovanola Freres SA was one of the prominent thrill ride manufacturers in the world.
 It was well known for thrill rides and also built electrical power stations, water storage tanks, pipelines, highway bridges, and many other steel products.
 The company started out as a small metal forging shop, founded by Joseph Giovanola in 1888.
 It served as a subcontractor to Intamin supplying rides and roller coasters.
 In 1998 Giovanola started marketing directly under the name Giovanola Amusement Rides Worldwide.
 The company was based in Monthey, Switzerland.
 During its last years in business, Giovanola fashioned steel behind the scenes for companies such as Intamin and Bolliger & Mabillard.
 The company also built its own thrill rides and roller coasters from 1998 to 2001.
 Examples of Giovanola roller coasters are Goliath at Six Flags Magic Mountain, Titan at Six Flags Over Texas and Anaconda at South Africa's Gold Reef City.
Luna Park was one of several names for an amusement park that existed in Rexford, New York, near Schenectady, from 1901 to 1933.
 In addition to Luna Park (the name given by developer/entrepreneur Frederick Ingersoll when he added rides and assumed control of Rexford Park in 1906), it was also known as Dolle's Park (named after Fred Dolle, who bought the park from Ingersoll in 1912), Colonnade Park, Palisades Park, and (again) Rexford Park (in 1916) before the rides were dismantled in 1933.
 Constructed around the Grand View Hotel (built and opened by Jacob Rupert in 1901), the park was similar to Ingersoll's other Luna Parks in which it was a trolley park with roller coasters, picnic pavilions, carousels, a fun house, a roller rink, a concert shell, a dance hall, a midway, a Whip, and a shoot-the-chutes ride which presented itself at the park entrance adjacent to a station of the Van Vranken electric trolley line.
 Roughly seven decades before the Skycoaster rides that now dot various United States amusement parks, Luna/Rexford Park featured an aerial swing ride.
TOGO (株式会社トーゴ , Kabushiki-gaisha Tōgo ) was a Japanese amusement ride company that built roller coasters, giant wheels, carousels, flumes, dark rides, sky cycles and other amusement rides.
Castle Park, formerly Castle Amusement Park, is a 25-acre amusement park and family amusement center located in Riverside, California.
 The park utilizes a medieval "castle" theme and includes attractions such as a miniature golf course, arcade, and 27 amusement rides including three roller coasters such as "Merlin's Revenge", a junior rollercoaster, "Screamin' Demon" a spinning Wild Mouse rollercoaster, and "Little Dipper", a children's rollercoaster.
 The main "castle" themed building, houses the arcade as well as its only dark ride; "Ghost Blasters", an interactive attraction, designed by Sally Corporation, which can also be found at other amusement parks throughout North America.
 The park was designed, built and operated by Bud Hurlbut, who designed several rides at Knott's Berry Farm.
 Castle Park is currently owned and operated by Palace Entertainment.
