The Royal Palace of Brussels (Dutch: "Koninklijk Paleis van Brussel" ] , French: "Palais Royal de Bruxelles" , German: "Königlicher Palast von Brüssel" ) is the official palace of the King and Queen of the Belgians in the centre of the nation's capital Brussels.
 However it is not used as a royal residence, as the king and his family live in the Royal Palace of Laeken on the outskirts of Brussels.
 The website of the Belgian Monarchy describes the function of the palace as follows: ""The Palace is where His Majesty the King exercises his prerogatives as Head of State, grants audiences and deals with affairs of state.
 Apart from the offices of the King and the Queen, the Royal Palace houses the services of the Grand Marshal of the Court, the King's Head of Cabinet, the Head of the King's Military Household and the Intendant of the King's Civil List.
 The Palace also includes the State Rooms where large receptions are held, as well as the apartments provided for foreign Heads of State during official visits.""
Hans Majestet Kongens Garde (HMKG) (lit., His Majesty The King's Guard; the Royal Guards) is a battalion of the Norwegian Army.
 The battalion has two main roles; it serves as the Norwegian King's bodyguards, guarding the royal residences (the Royal Palace in Oslo, Bygdøy Kongsgård and Skaugum) and Akershus Fortress in Oslo, and is also the main infantry unit responsible for the defence of Oslo.
 The HMKG is located in Huseby leir in Oslo.
 Huseby leir is located on the old Oslo farm Nordre Huseby gård (Northern Huseby farm), which was acquired by the Norwegian government in the late 19th century.
The Louvre Palace (French: "Palais du Louvre" , ] ) is a former royal palace located on the Right Bank of the Seine in Paris, between the Tuileries Gardens and the church of Saint-Germain l'Auxerrois.
 Originally a fortress built in the medieval period, it became a royal palace in the fourteenth century under Charles V and was used from time to time by the kings of France as their main Paris residence.
 Its present structure has evolved in stages since the 16th century.
 In 1793 part of the Louvre became a public museum, now the Musée du Louvre, which has expanded to occupy most of the building.
The Royal Palace of Werla (German: "Königspfalz Werla") is located near Werlaburgdorf (municipality: Schladen-Werla) in Lower Saxony.
 The grounds of the royal palace cover about 20 hectares rising atop Kreuzberg hill, a 17 m high natural plateau overlooking the Oker river.
 In the Early Middle Ages the palace was an important place in the Holy Roman Empire, serving as an important base for the Ottonians in the 10th century in particular.
 Although it subsequently lost its political significance to the newly established Imperial Palace of Goslar at Rammelsberg, it developed into an independent settlement with a busy industrial quarter.
 In the 14th century it fell into ruin and was completely unknown until its rediscovery in the 18th century.
 The core fortress in particular was thoroughly excavated in the 20th century.
 Excavations carried out since 2007 have brought new understanding to the hitherto largely unexplored outworks.
 Since 2010 the palace complex with foundation and enceinte, as well as earthworks, has been partially reconstructed and is now open to the public as the "Archäologie- und Landschaftspark Kaiserpfalz Werla" (Archaeological and Wilderness Park of the Imperial Palace of Werla).
This is a list of residences occupied by the British royal family, noting the seasons of the year they are traditionally occupied.
 Members of the Royal Family inhabit their range of residences across the United Kingdom.
 Some are royal palaces, owned by the Crown and held in trust by the monarch; others are privately owned.
 Balmoral Castle and Sandringham House have been inherited as private property for several generations.
 Other royal palaces are no longer residences (e.g. the Palace of Westminster, the Palace of Whitehall).
 Some remain in irregular use for royal occasions (such as Hillsborough Castle).
 The Royal Palaces enjoy certain legal privileges: for example, there is an exemption from levying duty on alcoholic beverages sold in the bars at the Palace of Westminster and there are exemptions from Health and Safety legislation.
 According to "Halsbury's Laws of England", it is not possible to arrest a person within the "verges" of a royal palace (though this assertion is contradicted by a memorandum by the Clerk of the House of Commons in respect of the Palace of Westminster), and when a royal palace is used as a residence (regardless of whether the monarch is actually living there at the time), judicial processes cannot be executed within that palace.
The Royal Palace of Mari was the royal residence of the rulers of the ancient kingdom of Mari in eastern Syria.
 Situated centrally amidst Palestine, Syria, Babylon, Levant, and other Mesopotamian city-states, Mari acted as the “middle-man” to these larger, powerful kingdoms.
 Both the size and grand nature of the palace demonstrate the importance of Mari during its long history, though the most intriguing feature of the palace is the nearly 25,000 tablets found within the palace rooms.
 The royal palace was discovered in 1935, excavated with the rest of the city throughout the 1930s, and is considered one of the most important finds made at Mari André Parrot led the excavations and was responsible for the discovery of the city and the palace.
 Thousands of clay tablets were discovered through the efforts of André Bianquis, which provided archaeologists the tools to learn about, and to understand, everyday life at the palace and in Mari.
 The discovery of the tablets also aided in the labeling of various rooms in terms of their purpose and function.
Majesty Cruise Line is a Norwegian cruise line probably known for owning the Norwegian Majesty from 1992 to 1997.
 Majesty Cruise Line was a more upmarket brand created by Dolphin Cruise Line in 1993.
 Their first ship, the Royal Majesty, was originally ordered by Birka Line for their 24-hour cruises out of Stockholm.
 Following the bankruptcy of builders Wärtsilä, the contract was resold to Majesty Cruise Line and the vessel was completed as Caribbean cruise ship Royal Majesty in 1992.
 She initially worked three- and four-night cruises out of Florida, but in 1995 opened a new summer Boston-Bermuda route, terminating at St George's rather than the usual Hamilton in Bermuda.
 Royal Majesty returned to Florida in the winter.
 In June 1995 she ran aground on Rose and Crown shoal of Nantucket Island, due to a combination of faulty GPS and inadequate watch being maintained.
 Royal Majesty was 17 miles off course.
 She remained aground for 24 hours before tugs towed her off.
 In 1997, a second ship was added to the fleet, the Crown Majesty (previously Crown Dynasty).
 For the 1997 season, she operated cruises which had already been arranged for Crown Dynasty, but at the end of that season both ships passed to Norwegian Cruise Line (NCL).
 Royal Majesty was sold to NCL, being renamed Norwegian Majesty, and soon received a similar lengthening to Norwegian Wind/Dream.
 Crown Majesty which had been chartered from Effjohn International, had her charter transferred to NCL.
The Royal Alcázar of Madrid (Spanish: "Real Alcázar de Madrid") was a fortress located at the site of today's Royal Palace of Madrid, Madrid, Spain.
 The structure was originally built in the second half of the ninth century, then extended and enlarged over the centuries, particularly after 1560.
 It was at this time that the fortress was converted into a royal palace, and Madrid became the capital of the Spanish Empire.
 Despite being a palace, the great building kept its original title of "Alcázar" (English: "fortress").
The Alhambra ( ; ] ; Arabic: الْحَمْرَاء‎ ‎ ] , "Al-Ḥamrā", lit.
 "The Red One"), the complete Arabic form of which was "Qalat Al-Hamra", is a palace and fortress complex located in Granada, Andalusia, Spain.
 It was originally constructed as a small fortress in AD 889 on the remains of Roman fortifications, and then largely ignored until its ruins were renovated and rebuilt in the mid-13th century by the Moorish emir Mohammed ben Al-Ahmar of the Emirate of Granada, who built its current palace and walls.
 It was converted into a royal palace in 1333 by Yusuf I, Sultan of Granada.
 After the conclusion of the Christian Reconquista in 1492, the site became the Royal Court of Ferdinand and Isabella (where Christopher Columbus received royal endorsement for his expedition), and the palaces were partially altered to Renaissance tastes.
 In 1526 Charles I & V commissioned a new Renaissance palace better befitting the Holy Roman Emperor in the revolutionary Mannerist style influenced by Humanist philosophy in direct juxtaposition with the Nasrid Andalusian architecture, but which was ultimately never completed due to Morisco rebellions in Granada.
The Tower of London, officially Her Majesty's Royal Palace and Fortress of the Tower of London, is a historic castle located on the north bank of the River Thames in central London.
 It lies within the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, separated from the eastern edge of the square mile of the City of London by the open space known as Tower Hill.
 It was founded towards the end of 1066 as part of the Norman Conquest of England.
 The White Tower, which gives the entire castle its name, was built by William the Conqueror in 1078 and was a resented symbol of oppression, inflicted upon London by the new ruling elite.
 The castle was used as a prison from 1100 (Ranulf Flambard) until 1952 (Kray twins), although that was not its primary purpose.
 A grand palace early in its history, it served as a royal residence.
 As a whole, the Tower is a complex of several buildings set within two concentric rings of defensive walls and a moat.
 There were several phases of expansion, mainly under Kings Richard the Lionheart, Henry III, and Edward I in the 12th and 13th centuries.
 The general layout established by the late 13th century remains despite later activity on the site.
