Howards End is a 1992 British romantic drama film based upon the novel of the same name by E. M. Forster (published in 1910), a story of class relations in turn-of-the-20th-century England.
 The film—produced by Merchant Ivory Productions as their third adaptation of a Forster novel (following "A Room with a View" in 1985 and "Maurice" in 1987)—was the first film to be released by Sony Pictures Classics.
 The screenplay was written by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant.
Le Divorce is a 2003 Merchant Ivory Productions film directed by James Ivory from a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and Ivory, based on Diane Johnson's best-selling novel of the same name.
The Europeans is a 1979 British Merchant Ivory film, directed by James Ivory, produced by Ismail Merchant, and with a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, based on Henry James's novel by the same name.
A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries is a 1998 drama film directed by James Ivory and written by James Ivory and Ruth Prawer Jhabvala.
 It stars Kris Kristofferson, Barbara Hershey, Leelee Sobieski and Jesse Bradford.
 The film is a fictionalized account of the family life of writer James Jones and is based on Kaylie Jones' novel by the same name.
Autobiography of a Princess is a 1975 film by Merchant Ivory Productions (directed by James Ivory, written by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and produced by Ismail Merchant), starring James Mason and Madhur Jaffrey.
The discography of Carla Bruni, an Italian/French singer-songwriter, consists of four studio albums, five singles, six promotional singles and five music videos.
 In 2003, her debut album "Quelqu'un m'a dit", produced by Louis Bertignac, was released in Europe with success in Francophone countries.
 Three songs from the album appear in Hans Canosa's 2005 American film "Conversations with Other Women", the song "Le Plus Beau du quartier" was used in H&M's Christmas 2006 commercial, and the title track was featured in the 2003 movie "Le Divorce" and in the 2009 movie "(500) Days of Summer".
 In January 2010, her song "L'amoureuse" was featured in an episode of NBC's "Chuck", "Chuck vs. First Class".
The Householder (Hindi title: "Gharbar") is a 1963 film by Merchant Ivory Productions, with a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and James Ivory, and direction of James Ivory.
 It is based upon the 1960 novel of the same name by Jhabvala.
The Wild Party is a 1975 Merchant Ivory Productions film directed by James Ivory, produced by Ismail Merchant, and starring James Coco and Raquel Welch.
Savages is a 1972 Merchant Ivory Film directed by James Ivory and screenplay by George W. S. Trow and Michael O'Donoghue, based on an idea by Ivory.
Merchant Ivory Productions is a film company founded in 1961 by producer Ismail Merchant (d. 2005) and director James Ivory.
 Their films were for the most part produced by Merchant, directed by Ivory, and 23 (of the 44 total films) were scripted by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala (d. 2013) in some capacity, all but two of those with solo credit.
 The films were often based upon novels or short stories, particularly the work of Henry James, E. M. Forster, and two novels by Jhabvala herself.
