Honor (stylized as honor), is a sub-brand belonging to networking and telecommunications equipment and services company Huawei.
 Headquartered in Shenzen, China, the Honor series of mobile computing devices include smartphones, tablet computers, and wearable technology.
Sasatel (Dovetel) was a telecommunications company with a unified national licence in Tanzania.
 Their licence was later revoked.
 The company rolled out a 3G wireless (based on Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA)) national network benefiting from the demand for data and broadband services to both high-end residential and corporate customers.
 ZTE (a Chinese multinational telecommunications equipment and systems company) is the supplier of the network infrastructure.
 Dovetel bundles its broadband offering with fixed voice services and offers limited mobility voice services to the low-end of the residential market in order to increase penetration beyond the traditional GSM target market for mobile voice.
 In addition to CDMA modems and routers, Sasatel offers WiMAX solutions providing greater bandwidth.
Zhone Technologies, Inc. is a provider of telecommunications networking equipment founded in 1999.
 It is headquartered in Oakland, California.
 Zhone is certified in the manufacture and service of telecommunications equipment.
Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. ( ; ) is a Chinese multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company headquartered in Shenzhen, Guangdong.
 It is the largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer in the world, having overtaken Ericsson in 2012.
CLLI code (sometimes referred to as CLLI name or COMMON LANGUAGE Location Identifier Code, and often pronounced as "silly") is a Common Language Information Services identifier used within the North American telecommunications industry to specify the location and function of telecommunications equipment or of a relevant location such as an international border or a supporting equipment location, like a manhole or pole.
 Originally, they were used by Bell Telephone companies, but since all other telecommunications carriers needed to interconnect with the dominant Bell companies, CLLI code adoption eventually became universal.
 CLLI codes are now maintained and issued by Telcordia, which claims trademarks on the names "Common Language" and "CLLI".
Qualcomm is an American multinational semiconductor and telecommunications equipment company that designs and markets wireless telecommunications products and services.
 It derives most of its revenue from chipmaking and the bulk of its profit from patent licensing businesses.
 The company headquarters is located in San Diego, California, United States, and has 224 worldwide locations.
 The parent company is Qualcomm Incorporated (Qualcomm), which includes the Qualcomm Technology Licensing Division (QTL).
 Qualcomm's wholly owned subsidiary, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (QTI), operates substantially all of Qualcomm's R&D activities, as well as its product and services businesses, including its semiconductor business, Qualcomm CDMA Technologies.
Neoway Technology Co. Ltd. is a Chinese multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company headquartered in Shenzhen, Guangdong.
Minerva Gymnasium (or Minervagymnasium) is an independent upper secondary school in Umeå, Sweden.
 It was established in 2002 and is located in the vicinity of the University area, IKSU Sport as well as the Uminova Science Park.
 The facilities used by the school was formerly office spaces for Ericsson, and is currently shared by IT consulting firm Tieto.
 Admission requirements for Minerva Gymnasium involves adequate final grades (E) in Swedish, Mathematics, English as well as 9 other subjects.
 The school is also approved for nationwide admission of students.
Ericsson ("Telefonaktiebolaget L. M. Ericsson") is a multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden.
 The company offers services, software and infrastructure in information and communications technology (ICT) for telecommunications operators, traditional telecommunications and Internet Protocol (IP) networking equipment, mobile and fixed broadband, operations and business support services, cable television, IPTV, video systems, and an extensive services operation.
 Ericsson had 35% market share in the 2G/3G/4G mobile network infrastructure market in 2012.
Cisco Systems, Inc. (known as Cisco) is an American multinational technology conglomerate headquartered in San Jose, California, in the center of Silicon Valley, that develops, manufactures and sells networking hardware, telecommunications equipment and other high-technology services and products.
 Through its numerous acquired subsidiaries, such as OpenDNS, WebEx, Jabber and Jasper, Cisco specializes into specific tech markets, such as Internet of Things (IoT), domain security and energy management.
