Travel Service, a.s. is a Czech charter airline and the biggest airline in the Czech Republic with its head office on the property of Václav Havel Airport Prague in Ruzyně, 6th district, Prague.
 It operates charter flights mainly to leisure destinations and also wet and dry leases aircraft to other airlines.
 It has subsidiaries in Poland, Hungary and Slovakia and also operates scheduled flights under the brand SmartWings.
Travel Service Kft., trading as Travel Service, is an airline based in Budapest, Hungary, operating charter flights out of Budapest Ferihegy International Airport.
 It was founded in 2001 and is a sister airline of Travel Service from the Czech Republic.
The Armed Forces of the Czech Republic (Czech: "Ozbrojené síly České republiky" ) are the military forces of the Czech Republic.
 They consist of the Army of the Czech Republic (Czech: "Armáda České republiky" ), the Military Office of the President of the Republic and the Castle Guard, as defined by the Act No. 219/1999, on the Armed Forces of the Czech Republic.
 The current supreme commander of the Armed Forces of the Czech Republic is President of the Republic Miloš Zeman.
Travel Service Slovakia is a Slovak charter airline based in Bratislava, Slovakia.
 The company was founded in 2010 and operates from Bratislava Airport.
 Travel Service Slovakia is a sister airline of Travel Service from the Czech Republic.
The Czech Republic is a source, transit, and destination country for people subjected to human trafficking, both women in forced prostitution, and men and women working in forced labor.
 Women from the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Ukraine, Russia, Romania, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Mongolia, and Brazil are subjected to forced prostitution in the Czech Republic and also travel through the Czech Republic en route to forced prostitution in other European countries, including Austria, Germany, Switzerland, and Serbia.
 Many Roma women from the Czech Republic are subjected to forced prostitution domestically as well as abroad.
 Men and women from Russia, Ukraine, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Romania, Vietnam, Mongolia, Thailand, and Belarus are subjected to forced labour in the construction, forestry, agricultural, and service sectors and are exploited within and transited through the Czech Republic to other countries in the European Union.
 Czech citizens are also subjected to forced labour in the United Kingdom.
Václav Havel Airport Prague (Czech: "Letiště Václava Havla Praha" ), formerly "Prague Ruzyně International Airport" (Czech: "Mezinárodní letiště Praha-Ruzyně" , ] ), (IATA: PRG, ICAO: LKPR) , is the international airport of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.
 It is located 12 km west of the centre of Prague and 12 km southeast of the city Kladno.
 It is, with over 13 million passengers in 2016, the busiest airport in the newer EU member states.
 It serves as a hub for Czech Airlines as well as a base for Travel Service including its subsidiary brand SmartWings, and is also a base for low-cost carriers Wizz Air and Ryanair.
 The airport is able to handle wide-body aircraft including the Airbus A380 or Boeing 747.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic (Czech: "Ministr zahraničních věcí České republiky" ) is a senior official of the Cabinet of the Czech Republic and the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic and handles foreign policy of the Czech Republic.
Prison Service of the Czech Republic (Czech: Vězeňská služba České republiky or VS ČR) is the prison agency of the Czech Republic.
 Its head office is located in Prague District 4.
 the heads of the prison service are brig. gen. PhDr.
 Pavel Ondrášek and brig. gen. Mgr.
 Petr Dohnal.
Travel Service Polska Sp.
 z o.o. is a Polish charter airline based in Warsaw, Poland.
 The airline commenced operations in May 2012 from Warsaw Chopin Airport.
 Travel Service Poland is a sister airline of Travel Service.
SmartWings is a low-cost virtual brand of the Czech airline Travel Service.
 Travel Service operates scheduled flights to several European metropolitan and leisure destinations under the brand from its base at Václav Havel Airport Prague.
