The Langley Academy is an academy in Langley, east of Slough in Berkshire, south east England.
 It opened in September 2008, replacing the former Langleywood Secondary School.
 The building was designed by Foster and Partners, led by the architect Norman Foster and by Buro Happold.
 The school is supported by the Arbib Foundation.
 It has a specialism of science and a museum education theme, including exhibits in the school building.
 It also promotes sport, notably cricket and rowing.
"Hank Zipzer" is a children's television series which stars Nick James in the titular role as a 12-year-old dyslexic schoolboy.
 The show is based on the series of books by Henry Winkler, who plays the character of Mr. Rock, Hank's music teacher.
 The first series premiered in January 2014 on CBBC and a second and third series have been commissioned.
 Unlike the books that took place in America, the series takes place in Britain.
 The second series began airing on 13 August 2015.
 Javone Prince made his first appearance as Mr Joy in series 2, episode 5, "Hank's Hero".
 The third series began airing on 26 May 2016, which was followed by an 84-minute Christmas movie on 12 December 2016.
 A fourth series has been confirmed by Winkler.
Foster + Partners is a British international studio for architecture and integrated design, with headquarters in London.
 The practice is led by its founder and Chairman, Norman Foster, and has constructed many high-profile glass-and-steel buildings.
Cop and a Half is a 1993 American buddy cop-comedy film directed by Henry Winkler, and stars Burt Reynolds, Norman D. Golden II, and Ray Sharkey in his final role.
 Reynolds plays a veteran cop who reluctantly takes an eight-year-old child (Golden) as his partner to solve a murder investigation.
Night Shift is a 1982 American comedy film, directed by Ron Howard, concerning a timid night shift morgue employee whose life is turned upside down by a free-spirited entrepreneur.
 It stars Howard's "Happy Days" co-star Henry Winkler along with Michael Keaton, in his first starring role, and Shelley Long.
 Also appearing are Richard Belzer and Clint Howard.
 A young Kevin Costner has a brief scene as "Frat Boy #1", Shannen Doherty appears as a Bluebell scout, Vincent Schiavelli plays a man who delivers a sandwich to Winkler's character, and Charles Fleischer has a brief role as one of the jail prisoners.
Team 4 was a British architectural firm, established in 1963 by architecture graduates Su Brumwell, Wendy Cheesman, Norman Foster and Richard Rogers.
 Friction emerged within the firm, and by June 1967, Foster and Rogers, decided to dissolve the firm.
Norman Foster (born Norman Foster Hoeffer, December 13, 1903 – July 7, 1976) was an American actor, film director and screenwriter.
Anthony Hunt (born 1932) is a structural engineer of numerous world-renowned buildings, with a career spanning from the 1950s until his retirement in 2002.
 With a strong interest in both engineering and industrial design, Hunt was a major player in creating the High Tech style of Norman Foster and Richard Rogers.
 He formed Anthony Hunt associates in 1962.
 He worked with Rogers and Foster on Reliance Controls building in Swindon (1966) which was the first building of the High Tech architecture style.
 He was also a structural engineer on the Waterloo International railway station in London (1993).
Immanuel Winkler (June 3, 1886 in Sarata – June 18, 1932 in Winnipeg), born Adolf Immanuel Mathaeus Winkler, was a pastor in Hoffnungstal (today Tsebrykove, Ukraine) and author.
 During World War I, Winkler worked for the rights of Germans in Russia.
Geoffrey Norman Foster (16 October 1884 – 11 August 1971) was an English cricketer who played county cricket for Worcestershire and Kent, as well as appearing a number of times for Oxford University and MCC.
 He was one of the seven Foster brothers, all of whom played first-class cricket for Worcestershire, and he led the county on a few occasions in the absence of the regular captain.
 He was a fast scorer, once making 101 in an hour for Oxford against Gentlemen of England.
