The Financial Stability Forum (FSF) was a group consisting of major national financial authorities such as finance ministries, central bankers, and international financial bodies.
 The Forum was founded in 1999 to promote international financial stability.
 Its founding resulted from discussions among Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors of the G7 countries, and a study which they commissioned.
 The Forum facilitated discussion and co-operation on supervision and surveillance of financial institutions, transactions and events.
 FSF was managed by a small secretariat housed at the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland.
 The FSF membership included about a dozen nations who participate through their central banks, financial ministries and departments, and securities regulators, including: the United States, Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Canada, Australia, the Netherlands and several other industrialized economies as well as several international economic organizations.
 At the G20 summit on November 15, 2008 it was agreed that the membership of the FSF will be expanded to include emerging economies, such as China.
 The 2009 G-20 London summit decided to establish a successor to the FSF, the Financial Stability Board.
 The FSB includes members of the G20 who were not members of FSF.
The EU three, also known as EU big three or EU trio, refers to Germany, France and Italy, a group that consists of the three large founding members of the European Union; or France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, a group of countries of the European Union, especially during the negotiations with Iran.
Foreign relations of the Italian Republic are the Italian government's external relations with the outside world.
 Located in Europe, Italy has been considered a major Western power since its unification in 1861.
 Its main allies are the NATO countries, the EU states and the G7 nations, three entities of which Italy is a founding member.
Canada–Italy refers to the current and historical relations between Canada and Italy.
 Both nations enjoy friendly relations, the importance of which centres on the history of Italian migration to Canada.
 Approximately 1.5 million Canadians claim to have Italian ancestry (approximately 4.6% of the population).
 Both nations are members of the G7, G20, NATO and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
Spain is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe.
 It is a middle power and a major developed country with the world's fourteenth largest economy by nominal GDP and sixteenth largest by purchasing power parity.
 It is a member of the United Nations (UN), the European Union (EU), the Eurozone, the Council of Europe (CoE), the Organization of Ibero-American States (OEI), the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the Schengen Area, the World Trade Organization (WTO) and many other international organisations.
 Spain has a "permanent invitation" to the G20 summits that occur generally once a year.
Power in international relations is defined in several different ways.
 Modern discourse generally speaks in terms of state power, indicating both economic and military power.
 Those states that have significant amounts of power within the international system are referred to as small powers, middle powers, regional powers, great powers, superpowers, or hegemons, although there is no commonly accepted standard for what defines a powerful state.
 NATO Quint, The G7, the BRICS nations and the G20 are seen by academics as forms of governments that exercise varying degrees of influence within the international system.
The least of the Great Powers is a label used to conceptualize Italy's international status.
 Italy is part of great power concerts such as the EU trio, the NATO Quint, the G7, the G20 and various International Contact Groups. Italy, one of the UN's major funders, is the leading nation of the Uniting for Consensus and serves as one of the states of "chief" importance in providing shipping services, air transport and Industrial development.
 Alternative terms used by academics and observers to describe this concept include "intermittent Major power" or "small Great power", asserting that Italy's position in the international arena can be described in this way.
The Group of 7 (G7) is a group consisting of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.
 These countries represent more than 64% of the net global wealth ($263 trillion) and all have a very high Human Development Index.
 The G7 countries also represent 46% of the global GDP evaluated at market exchange rates and 32% of the global purchasing power parity GDP.
 The European Union is also represented within the G7.
France–Italy relations refer to the interstate relations as well as the historical links between the French Republic and the Italian Republic (since 1946) and its predecessor the Kingdom of Italy (1861—1946).
 Both countries were among the Inner six that founded the European Community, the predecessor of the EU.
 They are also founding members of the G7/G8 and NATO.
 Since April 9, 1956 Rome and Paris are exclusively and reciprocally twinned with each other:
The Quint is an informal decision-making group consisting of the United States and the Big Four of Western Europe (France, Germany, Italy and the United Kingdom).
 It operates as a "directoire" of various entities such as NATO and the G7/ G20.
