Ashley Judd (born Ashley Tyler Ciminella; April 19, 1968) is an American actress and political activist.
 She grew up in a family of successful performing artists as the daughter of country music singer Naomi Judd and the sister of Wynonna Judd.
 While she is best known for an ongoing acting career spanning more than two decades, she has increasingly become involved in global humanitarian efforts and political activism.
Frank Straus Meyer (1909–1972) was an American philosopher and political activist best known for his theory of "fusionism" – a political philosophy that unites elements of libertarianism and traditionalism into a philosophical synthesis which is posited as the definition of modern American conservatism.
 Meyer's philosophy was presented in two books, primarily "In Defense of Freedom: A Conservative Credo" (1962) and also in a collection of his essays, "The Conservative Mainstream" (1969).
 Fusionism has been summed up by E. J. Dionne, Jr. as “utilizing libertarian means in a conservative society for traditionalist ends.”
David Weisberg is an American screenwriter, best known for writing 1996 film "The Rock", which he co-wrote with his writing partner Douglas Cook, who died on July 19, 2015.
 His other credits with Cook include "Payoff", "Holy Matrimony", "Double Jeopardy" and "Criminal".
 They also wrote another action thriller script "Blank Slate", which is currently un-produced at Bold Films.
Béatrice Picard, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} , {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born July 3, 1929 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian actress.
 She is well known in Quebec for the countless roles she has played on the French Canadian theatre and television scene during an ongoing acting career spanning over six decades.
 She became a household name in Quebec for her acting role as Angelina Desmarais in one of the first French Canadian "télé-roman" series called "Le survenant" in the early days of French-speaking television.
 She then went on to a prolific career in televised comedies such as "Cré Basil" and "Symphorien".
 She also played in numerous theatre productions, summer plays, and films.
 Most recently, she is well known as the Quebec French voice of Marge Simpson in "The Simpsons".
Double Jeopardy is a 1999 American neo noir adventure crime thriller film directed by Bruce Beresford and starring Tommy Lee Jones, Ashley Judd, and Bruce Greenwood.
 The film is about a woman wrongfully imprisoned for murder who tracks down her husband who had framed her while eluding her parole officer.
Christopher R. Barron (born December 15, 1973) is an American political activist best known as the cofounder of GOProud, a political organization representing gay conservatives.
 He is the president of CapSouth Consulting, a political consulting firm, and previously the national political director for Log Cabin Republicans, where he directed the organization's federal lobbying efforts and media relations.
Scorpion's Revenge (also known as Sasori in U.S.A.) is a 1997 Japanese women in prison film directed by Daisuke Goto, and starring Yoko Saito, Shizuka Ochi and Tetta Sugimoto.
 The film was a Japanese/American co-production and was mostly filmed in Los Angeles, California.
 The plot of the film centers on a woman framed for the murder of her husband, bearing the similar plot to "Double Jeopardy" (which was released two years later).
Double Jeopardy American crime film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Rod Cameron, Gale Robbins and Allison Hayes.
 It is also known by the alternative title of Crooked Ring.
Douglas S. Cook (1958 – July 19, 2015) was an American screenwriter, known for writing 1996's film "The Rock".
 His other credits included "Payoff", "Holy Matrimony", "Double Jeopardy" and "Criminal".
 Cook wrote all of his screenplays along with his writing partner David Weisberg.
 They also wrote another action thriller script "Blank Slate", which is currently un-produced at Bold Films.
It Is the Law is a 1924 American silent mystery film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Arthur Hohl, Herbert Hayes, and Mona Palma.
 It is a film adaptation of the eponymous 1922 Broadway play by Elmer Rice, itself based on a novel by Hayden Talbot.
 The film depicts the story of Ruth Allen (Palma), who marries Justin Victor (Heyes) over competing suitor Albert Woodruff (Hohl).
 Seeking revenge for this slight, Woodruff fakes his death by killing a drifter who resembles him, and frames Victor for the murder.
 When Woodruff returns to court Allen under a new identity, she sees through his disguise.
 Once Victor is freed from prison, he kills Woodruff, and goes free because a conviction would constitute double jeopardy.
