"Santa Claus Is a Black Man" is a Christmas song by record producer and songwriter Teddy Vann, performed by his daughter Akim Vann (billed as Akim) and his Teddy Vann Production Company for a 1973 single.
 The song, described as "Vann's take on 'I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus'", has been called a cult classic, and continues to receive Christmas airplay.
Santa Claus is a 1898 British short silent drama film, directed by George Albert Smith, which features Santa Claus visiting a house on Christmas Eve.
 The film, according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline, "is believed to be the cinema's earliest known example of parallel action and, when coupled with double-exposure techniques that Smith had already demonstrated in the same year's "The Mesmerist" (1898) and "Photographing a Ghost" (1898), the result is one of the most visually and conceptually sophisticated British films made up to then."
The Year Without a Santa Claus is a 90-minute 2006 live-action remake of the Rankin-Bass classic "The Year Without a Santa Claus" which premiered on NBC December 11, 2006.
 A widescreen DVD was released on December 12, 2006 (UPC 085391115120).
Motion pictures featuring Santa Claus abound and apparently constitute their own subgenre of the Christmas film genre.
 Early films of Santa revolve around similar simple plots of Santa's Christmas Eve visit to children.
 In 1897, in a short film called "Santa Claus Filling Stockings", Santa Claus is simply filling stockings from his pack of toys.
 Another film called "Santa Claus and the Children" was made in 1898.
 A year later, a film directed by George Albert Smith in titled "Santa Claus" (or "The Visit from Santa Claus" in the United Kingdom) was created.
 In this picture, Santa Claus enters the room from the fireplace and proceeds to trim the tree.
 He then fills the stockings that were previously hung on the mantle by the children.
 After walking backward and surveying his work, he suddenly darts at the fireplace and disappears up the chimney.
 "Santa Claus' Visit" in 1900 featured a scene with two little children kneeling at the feet of their mother and saying their prayers.
 The mother tucks the children snugly in bed and leaves the room.
 Santa Claus suddenly appears on the roof, just outside the children's bedroom window, and proceeds to enter the chimney, taking with him his bag of presents and a little hand sled for one of the children.
 He goes down the chimney and suddenly appears in the children's room through the fireplace.
 He distributes the presents and mysteriously causes the appearance of a Christmas tree laden with gifts.
 The scene closes with the children waking up and running to the fireplace just too late to catch him by the legs.
 A 1909 film by D. W. Griffith titled "A Trap for Santa Claus" shows children setting a trap to capture Santa Claus as he descends the chimney, but instead capture their father who abandoned them and their mother but tries to burglarize the house after he discovers she inherited a fortune.
 A twenty-nine-minute 1925 silent film production titled "Santa Claus", by explorer/documentarian Frank E. Kleinschmidt, filmed partly in northern Alaska, feature Santa in his workshop, visiting his Eskimo neighbors, and tending his reindeer.
 A year later, another movie titled "Santa Claus" was produced with sound on De Forest Phonofilm.
 Over the years, various actors have donned the red suit (aside from those discussed below), including Monty Woolley in "Life Begins at Eight-thirty" (1942), Alberto Rabagliati in "The Christmas That Almost Wasn't" (1966), Dan Aykroyd in "Trading Places" (1983), Jan Rubes in "One Magic Christmas" (1985), David Huddleston in "" (1985), Jonathan Taylor Thomas in "I'll Be Home for Christmas" (1998), and Ed Asner in "Elf" (2003).
 Later films about Santa vary, but can be divided into the following themes.
A Miser Brothers' Christmas is a stop motion spin-off special based on some of the characters from the 1974 Rankin-Bass special "The Year Without a Santa Claus".
 Distributed by Warner Bros.
 Animation under their Warner Premiere label (the rights holders of the post-1974 Rankin-Bass library) and Toronto-based Cuppa Coffee Studios, the one-hour special premiered on ABC Family on Saturday, December 13, 2008, during the network's annual The 25 Days of Christmas programming.
 Mickey Rooney and George S. Irving reprised their respective roles as Santa Claus and Heat Miser at ages 88 and 86.
 Snow Miser, originally portrayed by Dick Shawn who died in 1987, was voiced by Juan Chioran, while Mrs. Claus, voiced by Shirley Booth in the original, was portrayed by Catherine Disher (because Booth had died in 1992).
 The movie aimed to emulate the Rankin/Bass animation style.
 This is the last Christmas special to feature Mickey Rooney as Santa Claus, as he died in 2014, as well as the last time George Irving voiced Heat Miser, as he died in 2016.
Santa's Workshop is an amusement park that opened on June 16, 1956 in Cascade, Colorado, just west of Colorado Springs at the base of Pikes Peak.
 Modeled after the Santa's Workshop in Lake Placid, New York, the park features a charming North Pole village complete with specialty shops for boys, girls, Christmas ornaments, and candy.
 The village is also home to Santa's Workshop itself, where children can meet with Santa Claus and Mrs. Claus year round.
 Many of the park's staff get into the holiday spirit as well, and children will find Santa's elves hard at work in admissions and the many shops around the premises.
The Year Without a Santa Claus is a 1974 Christmas stop motion animated television special produced by Rankin/Bass Productions.
 The story is based on Phyllis McGinley's 1956 book of the same name, illustrated by Kurt Werth.
 It was originally broadcast on December 10, 1974 on ABC.
Santa Claus: The Movie (known on-screen as simply Santa Claus) is a 1985 British-American Christmas film starring Dudley Moore, John Lithgow, and David Huddleston in the title role.
 It is the last major fantasy film produced by the Paris-based father-and-son production team of Alexander and Ilya Salkind.
 The film was directed by Jeannot Szwarc and released in North America on November 27, 1985, by TriStar Pictures.
 The 2005 DVD release was released by Anchor Bay Entertainment, now known as Starz Home Entertainment, under license from the film's current owner, StudioCanal; however, the current, 25th Anniversary home video release (which also now includes Blu-ray) is by Lionsgate Home Entertainment, again under StudioCanal's license.
Larry Wilson is an American film producer and screenwriter.
 He is best known for his screenwriting work on the films "Beetlejuice" (1988) and "The Addams Family" (1991).
 He also co-wrote the films "The Little Vampire" (2001) and the television film "The Year Without a Santa Claus" (2006).
 He also wrote and directed a number of episodes of the "Tales from the Crypt" television series from 1991 to 1996.
Jonathan Meath (born September 16, 1955) is an American TV producer based in Boston who is notable for children's television production.
 He was Senior Producer of the TV game show "Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?
" He produced "Zoom (1999)" and "The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss."
 He co-founded a production company called Andanzura.
 In addition, he is notable for having a dual career as a professional Santa Claus.
 He made numerous appearances in various media as Santa, including ABC's "Good Morning America" show, and at New York's Radio City Music Hall with The Rockettes.
 He appeared on the cover of "Boston Magazine" as "Father Christmas".
 He was described by "National Public Radio" and "Time Magazine" as a "top Santa", and appeared as Santa in a Delta Airline's in-flight safety video.
 He is featured as Santa in Coca-Cola’s worldwide 2016 holiday advertising campaign both in print and commercials titled “A Coke for Christmas."
