Dinko Tsvetkov Dermendzhiev (Bulgarian: Динко Цветков Дерменджиев ) (born 2 June 1941 in Plovdiv) is a former Bulgarian football player in a midfielder role, and later manager.
 Among football fans he is also popular with the nickname Chico (Bulgarian: Чико ).
Donald Neil Kerley (born 20 February 1934 in Barmera, South Australia) is a former Australian rules football player and coach.
 Known to his mates as either Neil or Knuckles and to South Australian football fans as King Kerley or simply "Kerls", he is best known for taking three clubs to four South Australian National Football League (SANFL) premierships over three decades as both a player and coach and for playing 32 state games for South Australia.
 Despite his first name being Donald, it was his mother Lillian's strong dislike of shortening Christian names that led everyone calling him Neil and not Don or Donald from an early age.
Julius Pongla Akosah ( "Akosah", born (1982--)16 1982 ) is a Cameroonian-Hongkonger professional association football player, his position is striker.
 He was called for Cameroon but he is eligible to play for Hong Kong in international tournaments.
 Hong Kong football fans commonly use Agumon as a nickname for him because of his transcriptional name.
 He is currently playing for Hong Kong First Division club Happy Valley.
Samuel Adam Adkins (born May 21, 1955) is a former professional American football player.
 He attended Cleveland High School in Reseda, CA and Wichita State University.
 He played for the NFL Seattle Seahawks from 1977–1981, and is the only member of the Seahawks to wear the number 12.
 In 1984, the number 12 was retired for the Seattle Seahawks fans (aka the "12s").
 The 12s is often considered to be the fans in the stands, as there are 11 players on the field at all times.
 While this rings true for crowds at home games in general, it became a prominent nickname that most football fans associate with the Seahawks.
 He and his wife Dayle have 4 children.
Wilfred Bamnjo (born 27 March 1980 in Cameroon) is a Cameroonian football player who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Happy Valley.
 His position is defensive midfielder.
 Supporters have given Bamnjo a nickname of "Hong Kong Makélélé".
Robert Hooks was a college football player and coach.
 He was a running back for the Georgia Bulldogs, a member of its dream and wonder team.
 Against Yale, he threw a 59-yard touchdown pass to Frank Dudley.
 He was selected All-Southern by football fans of the South through "Central Press" newspapers.
 Hooks later coached the Mercer Bears.
Shkëlqim Muça is a former Albanian football player and current coach of Flamurtari.
 He will be remembered by football fans as one of the finest Albanian footballers of the 1980s, skillful with the ball, but also distinguished as an extraordinary assist man, and a strong shooter.
 Muça's skills have been shown many times on the pitch: he could play in the center or the right side of the midfield.
Stand Up Speak Up was a Europe-wide campaign that was launched in January 2005 by the French Football player Thierry Henry following an increase in reports of racist incidents in football across Europe.
 Together with Nike and other top European players, he protests against this continuing problem inviting football fans to voice their opposition to racism.
Mircea David (16 October 1914 – 12 October 1993) was a Romanian football player, who played as a goalkeeper.
 After a match between Romania and Italy, played in Rome, he was nicknamed by the Italian football fans "Il Dio", because of his incredible saves.
 He was a member of the Romania national football team which competed at the 1938 FIFA World Cup, but did not play any match.
Bengalized is a term with origins among Cincinnati Bengals football fans and/or players.
 It usually refers to a Cincinnati Bengals player who, after multiple seasons of poor team performance, develops hostility with the coaching staff or ownership operation, and cultivates pessimism about remaining with the team.
 This results in efforts by the player to prompt a trade or release from the team.
 "Bengalized" can also refer to a Cincinnati Bengals fan who becomes frustrated after years of futility in losing seasons and/or playoff losses, ultimately ending their support of the franchise.
 As of the conclusion of the 2016-17 season, the Bengals have had 26 seasons without a playoff win - currently the longest streak in the NFL.
