The Journal of Perinatology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering perinatology.
 It was established in 1981 as the Journal of the California Perinatal Association, obtaining its current name in 1984.
 It is published by Nature Publishing Group on behalf of the California Perinatal Association, of which it is the official journal.
 The editor-in-chief is Edward E. Lawson (Johns Hopkins Hospital).
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.072.
Edward Paxson Howard IV was born in Santa Monica, CA and raised in Los Angeles, CA.
 He graduated from Taft High School in 1981.
 Howard received his B.A from George Washington University's (GWU) political science program in 1986 where he was Editor-in-chief of the GWU year book Cherry Tree, state chairman of College Democrats for Washington DC, Editorials Editor for the GWU student newspaper The Hatchet, and Editor-in-Chief of the GWU arts and literary magazine Wooden Teeth.
 He was elected vice president of the GWU College Democrats, as well elected to student senator, where he chaired the Senate Finance Committee.
 He also founded Political Awareness Week at GWU.
 He won various awards and honors, including GWU Excellence in Student Life Award, the Outstanding Service to GWU award, and was selected for the Omicron Delta Kappa National Leadership Honor Society].
 Howard received his J.D from Loyola Law School in 1990, where he was awarded the American Jurisprudence Award for Constitutional Law and was selected as Chief Justice of the Moot Court.
Science, Technology, & Human Values (ST&HV) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the relationship of science and technology with society.
 The journal's editor-in-chief is Edward J. Hackett (Arizona State University).
 From the "Newsletter on Science, Technology, and Human Values" that Gerald Holton established in 1972, it became "Science, Technology, & Human Values", in 1976.
 "ST&HV" is published by the Society for Social Studies of Science, in conjunction with SAGE Publications.
Lumpen is an American magazine published since 1991, whose editor-in-chief is Edward Marszewski.
 The magazine covers topics of local and global politics, art and music and is published in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
 The magazine is often published under themes such as 'makers' or 'comics'.
Colman Robert Hardy Andrews (born February 18, 1945) is an American writer and editor and authority on food and wine.
 In culinary circles, he is best known for his association with "Saveur" magazine, which he founded with Dorothy Kalins, Michael Grossman, and Christopher Hirsheimer in 1994 and where he served as editor-in-chief from 2001 until 2006.
 After resigning from the magazine in 2006, he became the restaurant columnist for "Gourmet".
 In 2010, he helped launch a food and drink website, The Daily Meal, and serves as its editorial director.
 He is considered one of the world's foremost experts on Spanish cuisine, particularly that of the Catalonia region.
WLPN-LP is a low-power radio station in Chicago started by "Lumpen" founder Edward Marszewski in 2015 who started a kickstarter campaign to raise funds for the station.
 The station operates out of an art gallery called the 'Co-Prosperity Sphere'.
James Oseland (born February 9, 1963 in Mountain View, California) is an American food writer and magazine editor who lives part-time in Manhattan and part-time in Emmaus, Pennsylvania.
 He is the former Editor-in-Chief of Rodale's Organic Life.
 Previously he was the Editor-in-Chief of "Saveur".
 Before "Saveur", Oseland wrote for "Food & Wine", "Gourmet", and "Time Out New York".
 He has also worked as an editor at "Vogue", "Organic Style", "L.A. Weekly", "TV Guide", "Vibe", "Sassy", "American Theatre", "The Village Voice" and "Mademoiselle".
Saveur is a gourmet, food, wine, and travel magazine that specializes in essays about various world cuisines.
 Its slogan—"Savor a World of Authentic Cuisine"—signals the publication's focus on enduring culinary traditions, as opposed to ephemeral food trends.
 Celebrated for its distinctive, naturalistic style of food photography and vivid writing, "Saveur" has been notable for placing food in its cultural context, and the magazine's popularity has coincided with a growing interest among American readers in the stories behind the way the world eats.
 The publication was co-founded by Dorothy Kalins, Michael Grossman, Christopher Hirsheimer, and Colman Andrews, who was also the editor-in-chief from 1996 to 2001.
 It was started by Meigher Communications in 1994.
 World Publications bought "Saveur" and "Garden Design" in 2000.
 World Publications was renamed Bonnier Corporation in 2007.
 A popular feature is the "Saveur 100", an annual list of "favorite restaurants, food, drink, people, places and things".
Glenn Frank (October 1, 1887 – September 15, 1940) was a president of the University of Wisconsin–Madison and "The Century Magazine"' s editor-in-chief.
 He graduated from Northwestern University in 1912 and became Edward Filene's personal assistant, where he wrote two books on the side.
 He joined "The Century Magazine" as an associate editor and became its editor-in-chief in three years, which gave his views on education a wide audience.
 He was tapped to the University of Wisconsin's presidency in 1925, where he introduced the Experimental College before being ousted in 1937.
 Frank became involved in Wisconsin politics and ran for the state's United States Senate seat, but died with his son in a car accident two days before the Republican Party primary.
Cell Biochemistry and Biophysics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of the biology of cells, especially their biochemistry and biophysics.
 It was established in 1979 as "Cell Biophysics" with Nicholas Catsimpoolas as founding editor-in-chief, obtaining its current name in 1996.
 The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Edward J. Massaro (United States Environmental Protection Agency).
