Glenn Wilkes (born November 28, 1928) is a former collegiate basketball coach who was inducted into the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame.
 He attended Mercer College.
 He is known as the Godfather of Florida basketball.
 He had over 550 wins along with 27 winning seasons.
 He coached from 1957 to 1993.
 He was the coach of the Stetson Hatters and helped in their transition from the NAIA to NCAA Division I.
 He wrote a book called basketball.
 His son, Glenn Wilkes Jr. is a basketball coach at Rollins College.
Addie Jo "Jody" Conradt (born May 13, 1941) is a retired women's basketball coach.
 She was the head coach for the women's team at University of Texas at Austin (UT).
 Her coaching career spanned 38 years, with the last 31 years at UT from 1976 to 2007.
 She also served concurrently as the UT women's athletic director from 1992 to 2001.
 During her tenure at UT, she achieved several notable personal and team milestones in collegiate basketball.
 At retirement, she had tallied 900 career victories, second place in all time victories for an NCAA Division I basketball coach.
The FEU Tamaraws men's basketball is a collegiate basketball varsity team of the Far Eastern University based in Sampaloc, Manila.
 FEU currently holds the record of winning the most number of championships (20 titles) in the men's basketball division of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines.
 FEU also appeared in the Philippine Collegiate Championship finals four times, and was able to win back to back championships in 2004 and 2005.
 The team originally played in the NCAA from 1929 to 1936 and was one of its founding members.
 This will be Nash Racela's final season as the coach of the Tamaraws as he will be handling PBA team TNT KaTropa.
 Nash's brother Olsen Racela will be the new head coach of the team for season 80.
Joanne Boyle (born November 1, 1963) is the current head coach of the University of Virginia women's basketball team.
 Prior to joining the Cavaliers, Boyle served as the head coach of the California Golden Bears women's basketball team.
 Boyle played her collegiate basketball for the Duke Blue Devils basketball program.
Liz Galloway McQuitter (born August 15, 1955) has held positions as head coach and assistant coach women's basketball at the collegiate level.
 In April, 2015, she ended her career in athletics retiring as head coach of the Rockdale High School in Rockdale, Texas.
 McQuitter served as head coach at Mundelein College (1984–1986), Lamar (1990–1994), and Northern Illinois (1994–1998).
 McQuitter took over the head coaching position at Lamar after the resignation of Al Barbre following an NCAA investigation which ended with two years probation and other penalties for the team.
 In spite of the cloudy start, McQuitter's team tied for first-place finish in the Sun Belt regular season.
 The Lady Cardinals were not eligible for post-season play that year.
 McQuitter left Lamar after four seasons to become head coach for the Northern Illinois Huskies women's basketball team.
 Her first season at Northern Illinois was also successful as the team qualified for the 1995 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament.
 Coach McQuitter served as assistant coach at Northwestern, Dartmouth, DePaul, and Texas A&M.
Shea Sydney Ralph (born March 12, 1978) is a former collegiate basketball player and current assistant coach for the University of Connecticut Huskies women's basketball team.
 Ralph was proficient in multiple sports, set state high school records in basketball, and earned multiple national player of the year awards in high school and college.
 She helped win a National Championship as a player at the University of Connecticut in 2000 and won numerous individual awards, including the Sports Illustrated for Women Player of the Year and the Honda Sports Award for the best collegiate female athlete in basketball.
 She suffered five ACL injuries in her career, two of which led to sitting out the 1997-98 season.
 Ralph was drafted by the WNBA Utah Starzz, but continued knee problems prevented her from embarking on a professional career.
 Ralph started her coaching career as an assistant coach at the University of Pittsburgh in 2003, then moved to the University of Connecticut in 2008.
John B. McLendon, Jr. (April 5, 1915 – October 8, 1999) was an American basketball coach who is recognized as the first African American basketball coach at a predominantly white university and the first African American head coach in any professional sport.
 He was a major contributor to the development of modern basketball and coached on both the college and professional levels during his career.
 He has been enshrined twice in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, and also inducted into the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame.
The Eastern Pennsylvania Collegiate Basketball League (EPCBL), also known as the Eastern Pennsylvania Conference (EPC) and Eastern Pennsylvania Collegiate League, was a collegiate basketball league that began in 1931–32 season.
Nancy H. Winstel (born December 10, 1953) was the head women's basketball coach at Northern Kentucky University from 1983 through 2012.
Coquese Makebra Washington (born January 17, 1971) is a former collegiate and professional basketball player who currently serves as the head coach of Penn State's women's basketball team, the Lady Lions.
 Washington holds a law degree and was the first president of the WNBA Players Association, holding that position from 1999 to 2001.
 She played her high school basketball at Flint Central High School and her collegiate basketball at the University of Notre Dame.
