Play The Game!
 is a 2015 Austrian mystery thriller film portraying a series of events which take place in the context of a real-life game.
 It was written and directed by Jörg Helbig.
 The film uses elements of film noir and psychological thriller.
 It opened in Austria on June 16, 2015.
Jack is a 2015 Austrian thriller film about serial killer Jack Unterweger, directed by Elisabeth Scharang.
 It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.
Revanche is a 2008 Austrian thriller film written and directed by Götz Spielmann.
 It centers on the ill-fated love story between a Viennese ex-con and a Ukrainian prostitute who get involved in a bank robbery.
Raman Raghav 2.0 is a 2016 Indian neo noir psychological thriller film directed by Anurag Kashyap.
 Nawazuddin Siddiqui plays the role of Ramanna, a psychopathic serial killer inspired by a serial killer who operated in Mumbai during the mid-1960s named Raman Raghav.
 Vicky Kaushal plays Raghavan, a cop assigned to investigate the serial killings.
 The film premiered at the Cannes Directors’ Fortnight to a positive critical reception, raising hopes of a good showing at the box office.
 It was released on 24 June 2016.
Ek Villain (English: "One Villain") is a 2014 Indian romantic thriller directed by Mohit Suri.
 The film stars Sidharth Malhotra, Shraddha Kapoor and Riteish Deshmukh in lead roles, and tells the story of a hardened criminal whose terminally ill wife is murdered by a serial killer.
 The film was produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor under Balaji Motion Pictures and ALT Entertainment.
 The film is an unofficial remake of the 2010 South Korean action thriller film "I Saw the Devil".
 Upon its release on 27 June 2014, the film received mixed to positive reviews from the critics, and was a commercial success.
Charles Edmund Cullen (born February 22, 1960) is a former nurse who is the most prolific serial killer in New Jersey history and is suspected to be the most prolific serial killer in American history.
 He confessed to authorities that he killed up to 40 patients during the course of his 16-year nursing career.
 But in subsequent interviews with police, psychiatric professionals, and journalists Charles Graeber and Steve Kroft, it became clear that he had killed many more, whom he could not specifically remember by name, though he could often remember details of their case.
 Experts have estimated that Charles Cullen may ultimately be responsible for 400 deaths, which would make him the most prolific serial killer in American history.
The Sun Hill Serial Killer was a major storyline from ITV's cop show "The Bill".
 Known originally as the "River Murders", the storyline spanned several months in 2002 and served as the exit for popular cast regular Cass Rickman (played by Suzanne Maddock).
 It was the first of several serial killer storylines from the show.
 Events came to a head in the New Year of 2003, when Acting DI Samantha Nixon discovers the truth and is taken hostage by the serial killer, before a final confrontation in which she is overpowered by DC Duncan Lennox, charged and thrown into the cells at Sun Hill Station.
Hannah is a 1997 Austrian thriller film directed by Reinhard Schwabenitzky.
 The film was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 69th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The House That Jack Built is an upcoming psychological horror thriller film written and directed by Lars von Trier, starring Matt Dillon in the title role of Jack.
 The story follows Jack, a serial killer, over the course of 12 years in the 1970s and 1980s in the US state of Washington.
 Von Trier has described the film as celebrating "the idea that life is evil and soulless."
God's Spy is a 2007 bestselling thriller novel by Juan Gómez-Jurado originally published in Spain.
 It has become an instant bestseller throughout Europe with a million copies sold to date and is going to be published in 42 countries.
 The plot is set in the Vatican, where, in the aftermath of Pope John Paul II's death, the hunt for a serial killer and sex offender — and former priest — reveals a chilling conspiracy.
 It is a detective story where the psychological portrait of Victor Karosky, the serial killer (which name is known from the first line of the book) is the spine of the novel.
 The action also takes place in a Maryland institution called the Saint Matthew Institute, a center for the rehabilitation of priest with a history of sexual abuse, which is based in a real-life place.
 This subject has aroused controversial issues in Catholic countries as Spain and Poland.
