Thomas M. Kolb, M.D., is an American radiologist specializing in the detection and diagnosis of breast cancer in young, predominantly hi-risk premenopausal women.
 He has serves as an assistant clinical professor of Radiology at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons from 1994-2010.
 Dr. Kolb is double board certified, having received his training in pediatrics at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in Bronx, New York, and in diagnostic radiology at the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center in New York.
Aubrey Otis Hampton (1900, Copeville, Texas – 1955) was an American radiologist remembered for describing Hampton's hump and Hampton's line.
 He graduated from Baylor College of Medicine in 1925, undertook his internship in Dallas and worked at the Massachusetts General Hospital from 1926.
 He became chief of radiology at Massachusetts General in 1941, serving as chief of radiology at the Walter Reed Army Hospital in Washington, D.C. from 1942 to 1945.
James K. Min (born June 23, 1971) is an American physician, a Professor of Radiology at Weill Cornell Medical College, and Director of the Dalio Institute of Cardiovascular Imaging at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill-Cornell Medical Center.
 Prior to this, he held the title of Professor of Medicine at both Cedars Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, CA and David Geffen UCLA School of Medicine, Los Angeles, CA.
 He is an expert in Cardiovascular Imaging and has led numerous multi-center international clinical trials.
 He has been studying clinical utility and coronary artery diseases for over ten years.
 During his work at UCLA and NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill-Cornell Medical Center, Dr. Min published over 250 papers on Cardiac CT and Coronary Artery Disease.
Szilard Voros is a Hungarian-born American cardiologist and research scientist.
 He studies cardiovascular imaging, biomarkers, lipoprotein metabolism and genomics.
 He is an Associate Professor of Medicine/Cardiology and Radiology, and Director of Advanced Cardiovascular MR and CT Research at the Department of Radiology and Cardiology at Stony Brook University Medical Center, State University of New York.
 He previously served as the Chief Scientific Officer, Chief of Cardiovascular Prevention, and Medical Director of Cardiac MR and CT at Piedmont Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia, and as a Clinical Associate Professor of Medicine at the Medical College of Georgia.
 He is a founding member and Fellow of the Society of Cardiovascular Computed Tomography (FSCCT), Fellow of the American College of Cardiology (FACC) and Fellow of the American Heart Association (FAHA).
Ryan B. Schwope, M.D., is a board-certified radiologist.
 He has been radiology staff at San Antonio Military Medical Center since August 2009, and Assistant Professor at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Science School of Medicine since 2011.
 As academic head of Genitourinary Radiology at SAMMC, he has played an integral part in Radiology Resident education in the forms of case conferences, inter-institutional didactic conferences, at-the-monitor teaching, and supervising image-guided biopsies and drainages.
 Since starting at SAMMC, he has established himself as an important interdisciplinary link with the gynecology, urology, and general surgery departments as the imaging liaison in multiple tumor boards.
 In addition, he has been intimately involved in implementing CT colonography, and low-dose CT renal stone protocol as routine examinations in the department of radiology.
 His research interests include hepatobiliary imaging, errors in image interpretation, as well as appropriate utilization of imaging with regards to pelvic MRI and CT urography.
Vidant Medical Center (previously, Pitt County Memorial Hospital) is a hospital located in Greenville, North Carolina.
 It is the primary teaching hospital for East Carolina University's Brody School of Medicine and is the flagship medical center for Vidant Health.
 Vidant is a Level 1 Trauma Center, one of 6 in the state of North Carolina.
 It is the only level I trauma center east of Raleigh, and thus is the hub of medical care for a broad and complicated rural region of over 2 million people.
 Vidant Medical Center is the largest employer in Eastern North Carolina and 20th overall in the state.
The Walter Reed Army Medical Center (WRAMC) — known as Walter Reed General Hospital (WRGH) until 1951 — was the U.S. Army's flagship medical center from 1909 to 2011.
 Located on 113 acre in Washington, D.C., it served more than 150,000 active and retired personnel from all branches of the military.
 The center was named after Major Walter Reed (1851–1902), an army physician who led the team that confirmed that yellow fever is transmitted by mosquitoes rather than direct contact.
Walter A. Wohlgemuth (born 15 Mai 1966 in Bad Kreuznach) is a German radiologist and neuroradiologist.
 He is a professor of interventional radiology and attending deputy at the Department of Radiology at the University Medical Center Regensburg.
 Wohlgemuth is known for his clinical und scientific works in the field of diagnostics and therapy of congenital vascular anomalies and of pediatric interventional radiology.
The Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology (MIR) is an academic radiology center associated with the Washington University School of Medicine, located within the Washington University Medical Center in St. Louis, Missouri.
 In addition to providing diagnostic and therapeutic patient-care services, the institute is a top research and education center.
 It employs over 140 academic staff and is among the top recipients of National Institutes of Health funding of radiology departments.
 The center provides radiology services to Barnes-Jewish and St. Louis Children's hospitals, as well as multiple other hospitals and outpatient centers in the St. Louis area.
 The center performs 700,000 examinations and procedures annually.
Memorial Hermann–Texas Medical Center is a nationally ranked hospital at the Texas Medical Center.
 It is the first hospital founded in the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas (and its founding predates the Texas Medical Center).
 Founded in 1925, it is the primary teaching hospital for McGovern Medical School (formerly The University of Texas Medical School at Houston (UTHealth Medical School)) and the flagship location of 13 hospitals in the Memorial Hermann Healthcare System.
 It is one of three certified Level I Trauma Centers in the greater Houston area.
 The Memorial Hermann Life Flight air ambulance service operates its fleet of helicopters from Memorial Hermann–Texas Medical Center.
 The hospital has 33,614 admissions and performs 14,937 inpatient and 3,972 outpatient surgeries.
