T-ara is a six-member South Korean girl group formed by Core Contents Media in 2009.
 Their debut studio album "Absolute First Album" (2009) included the hit singles "TTL (Time to Love)" and "Bo Peep Bo Peep".
 "Bo Peep Bo Peep" earned the group their first music show win on KBS's "Music Bank".
 It was later awarded Triple Crown on SBS's "Inkigayo" and was nominated for Best Dance Performance by a Female Group at the 12th Mnet Asian Music Awards.
 The album was re-released as "Breaking Heart" in 2010 and included two further singles, "I Go Crazy Because of You" and "I'm Really Hurt".
 "I Go Crazy Because of You" claimed two consecutive wins on "Inkigayo" and one on Mnet's "M Countdown".
 The repackage album was nominated for both a Disk Bonsang and Popularity Award at the 25th Golden Disk Awards. "
Temptastic" (2010) was released later that year and included the singles "Wae Ireoni" and "Yayaya" both receiving wins on "M Countdown".
Evernight is a series of five vampire-based romantic fantasy novels by "New York Times" bestselling American author Claudia Gray.
 It tells the story of Bianca Olivier, a 16-year-old half-vampire girl born to two vampires, who is forced to attend Evernight Academy, a private boarding school for vampires (although some humans are enrolled).
 She was enrolled in order to fulfill her destiny to become a full vampire, even though she feels she doesn't belong there.
 Bianca then meets and falls in love with a human named Lucas Ross, who also feels isn't the "Evernight" type, but their love becomes forbidden by their families and friends when the truth of each other's nature comes to light.
 Not only is it revealed that Bianca is a vampire, but it is also revealed that Lucas is a member of the ancient vampire hunting group Black Cross.
Wang Chung are a British new wave musical group formed in 1980.
 The name Wang Chung means "yellow bell" in Chinese (黃鐘 , ), and is the first note in the Chinese classical music scale.
 The group found their greatest success in the United States, with five Top 40 hits in the US, all charting between 1983 and 1987, including "Dance Hall Days" (No. 16 in the summer of 1984), "Everybody Have Fun Tonight" (No. 2 in 1986) and "Let's Go!
" (No. 9 in 1987).
D.Holic (Hangul: 디홀릭) was a South Korean girl group formed by Star Road Entertainment (formerly H.Mate Entertainment) in 2014 with five members.
 Nine left the group in August 2015, due to personal reasons, and was replaced by new member, Hwajung.
 In July 2016, it was revealed through teasers that Danbee and Duri had decided to leave the group, new member, EJ, was added to the line-up.
 In February 2017, it was confirmed through a performance that members Hami and Hwajung had departed from the group.
 They were temporary replaced with new members, Nayoung and Youjin, although they never officially made their debut.
 In July 2017, EJ announced that she would be leaving the group to pursue a modelling career.
 The group informally disbanded after the departure of all but one member, with the aim of re-debuting the remaining member, Rena, into a new girl group within a year.
 The group has released one mini-album: "Chewy" (2015) and three single albums: "D.Holic Dark With Dignity" (2014), "Murphy & Sally" (2015), and "Color Me Rad" (2016).
The Saturdays was a British-Irish girl group based in London, England.
 The group formed during the summer of 2007.
 The line up consisted of Frankie Bridge, Una Healy, Rochelle Humes, Mollie King and Vanessa White.
 They were formed through Fascination Records, who gave them an instant record deal with the label as well as a sub-division of Polydor Records.
 As soon as the contract was finalised The Saturdays went on tour with Girls Aloud during their Tangled Up Tour.
 The group's music style is pop, however throughout their career their management have experimented with dance-pop and electropop.
 To create this music, Ina Wroldsen, Steve Mac and Quiz & Larossi have been heavily involved.
Serebro (Russian: Серебро ; English translation: Silver) (Stylized as SEREBRO) is a Russian girl group formed by their manager and producer Maxim Fadeev.
 The group currently consists of members Olga Seryabkina, Polina Favorskaya and Katya Kischuk.
 Serebro was formed in 2007 as a submitted proposal for consideration by Channel One Russia for the Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
 Serebro was selected to represent Russia at the 2007 Contest with the song titled "Song #1".
 They subsequently placed third at the contest, scoring a total of 207 points.
 Serebro was then officially signed to Fadeev's record label Monolit Records, and in 2012, the group had additional releases produced by Sony Music Entertainment and Ego Music.
 During 2009, member Marina Lizorkina announced her departure from the group; she was subsequently replaced by Anastasia Karpova.
 Karpova left the group in 2013 and was replaced by Dasha Shashina, who left in 2016.
Catherine M. McGee Middle School is a public middle school located in Berlin, Connecticut.
 The current school building on Norton Road was opened in 1969 and serves grades 6-8.
 An addition was added in 1996, which included a new library media center, new science labs, and nine additional classrooms.
 Technological upgrades during the spring and summer of 2007 included the installation of LCD projectors in all core classrooms with interactive white boards being installed in approximately three-quarters of those rooms.
 Technology upgrades completed by the fall of 2009 include the installation of interactive white boards in all core classrooms.
 A major HVAC and roofing upgrade was completed in the summer of 2011.
 Changes to the interior of the building include HVAC closets in many classrooms and new ceilings and lighting in all classrooms and hallways.
The Sugababes are an English girl group formed in 1998 by Siobhán Donaghy, Mutya Buena and Keisha Buchanan.
 Their debut album, "One Touch", was released in the UK through London Records on 27 November 2000.
 The album achieved moderate success, peaking at number 26 in April 2001 and eventually being certified Gold.
 In 2001, Donaghy departed the group amid rumours of a rift with Buchanan and the group were dropped by their record label.
 With the introduction of Heidi Range, former member of fellow English girl group Atomic Kitten, the group began to experience a higher level of commercial success whilst keeping the critical acclaim they had achieved with their debut album.
 They released three studio albums before Buena announced her departure in December 2005, leading to Amelle Berrabah being brought in to replace her.
 Following the release of their first greatest hits album, the new line-up released two studio albums.
 In September 2009, after 11 years in the Sugababes, Buchanan, the final original member, was replaced by former UK Eurovision entry Jade Ewen.
 Range, Berrabah and Ewen released the group's seventh studio album, "Sweet 7", in 2010, after which they signed to RCA Records, before announcing an indefinite hiatus in 2011.
 In 2013, Ewen confessed that the Sugababes had split two years earlier.
 The original line-up of the band reformed in 2011, under the new name Mutya Keisha Siobhan.
TrueBliss were a New Zealand pop girl group formed in April 1999.
 The band were formed on the popular television show "Popstars", which aired on TV2 for nine weeks in the search for a new girl group.
 TrueBliss were the first ever group to be formed under the "Popstars" banner, before the concept was sold to Australia (who formed the group Bardot in similar style), continental Europe, the UK and the United States.
A La Carte was a German disco girl group formed in 1978.
 The trio originally included Patsy Fuller, Julia and Elaine.
 Their first song was "When the Boys Come Home", released in March 1979.
 By 1981, the group was made up of Jeanny Renshaw, Linda Daniels and Joy Martin.
 Together, they released the album "Viva".
 The group underwent several line-up changes afterwards also.
 The group disbanded in 1985.
 The final line-up featured Jeanny Renshaw, Patsy Fuller and Katie Humble.
 Other women disco groups like "A La Carte" were very popular in Europe at the time.
 Such as, Arabesque, (also from Germany), Luv' and Maywood (both from the Netherlands) and Baccara (from Spain).
