Symphony No. 2 in E minor, Op. 27 is a symphony by the Russian composer Sergei Rachmaninoff, written in 1906–07.
 The premiere was conducted by the composer himself in Saint Petersburg on 8 February 1908.
 Its duration is approximately 60 minutes when performed uncut; cut performances can be as short as 35 minutes.
 The score is dedicated to Sergei Taneyev, a Russian composer, teacher, theorist, author, and pupil of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
 Alongside his Piano Concerto No. 2 and Piano Concerto No. 3, this symphony remains one of the composer's best known compositions.
Perşembe (literally "Thursday", referring to market day ) is a belde (town) in Çaycuma district of Zonguldak Province, Turkey.
 It is situated in the mountainous area which runs parallel to Black Sea coast at .
 It is to the east of both Çaycuma and Zonguldak.
 The distance to Çaycuma is 7 km and to Zonguldak is 59 km .
 The population of Perşembe is 2659 as of 2010.
 The settlement was probably founded four centuries ago.
 The original population of the village was composed of migrants from Caucasus (probably Kipchaks, a medieval Turkic people lived in what is now Russian steps and Caucasus).
 Also people from other parts of Turkey were settled in the village.
 The settlement was declared a seat of township in 1990.
Alexander Nikolayevich Scriabin ( ; Russian: Алекса́ндр Никола́евич Скря́бин , ] ; 6 January 1872 [O.S. 25 December 1871] – 27 April [O.S. 14 April] 1915 ) was a Russian composer and pianist.
 Scriabin, who was influenced early in his life by the works of Frédéric Chopin, composed works that are characterised by a highly tonal idiom (these works are associated with his "first stage" of compositional output).
 Later in his career, independently of Arnold Schoenberg, Scriabin developed a substantially atonal and much more dissonant musical system, which accorded with his personal brand of mysticism.
 Scriabin was influenced by synesthesia, and associated colours with the various harmonic tones of his atonal scale, while his colour-coded circle of fifths was also influenced by theosophy.
 He is considered by some to be the main Russian Symbolist composer.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky ( ; Russian: Пётр Ильи́ч Чайко́вский ; 25 April/7 May 1840 – 25 October/6 November 1893), often anglicized as Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky, was a Russian composer of the romantic period, some of whose works are among the most popular music in the classical repertoire.
 He was the first Russian composer whose music made a lasting impression internationally, bolstered by his appearances as a guest conductor in Europe and the United States.
 Tchaikovsky was honored in 1884, by Emperor Alexander III, and awarded a lifetime pension.
Alexander Yuryevich Radvilovich (Russian: Александр Юрьевич Радвилович ; born 1955) is a Russian composer, pianist and teacher from Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg) from which Conservatory he also graduated at which he was under guidance from Sergei Slonimsky.
 In 1992 and 1994 respectively he was the first ever composer of Russian origin to get education at the International New Music in Darmstadt.
 He is known for his symphonies of two of his own poems called "Legend About Violinist" and "Pushkin".
 At one time, after reading Fyodor Dostoyevsky he composed a string quartet called "The Boy at Christ’s New Year Celebration" and also designed a mini opera called "Let’s Write Fairy-tale".
 He also composed an opera called "Hindrance" which was based on Danii Kharms' poem "Ruin of the Gods".
 Currently he is a member of both Russian Composer’s and Saint Petersburg Composer's Unions and works as music pedagogue at the Humanitarian University of the Petersburg Conservatory.
 On occasion, he tours the world as composer, pianist and leader of the Sound Ways which he also founded back in 1989.
 His music is published by various labels in countries such as Russia, the Netherlands and the United States.
Prisoner of the Caucasus ("Кавказский пленник" in Cyrillic, "Kavkazskij plennik" in transliteration) is an opera in three acts, composed by César Cui.
 The libretto is credited to Viktor Krylov, and is based on Alexander Pushkin's poem "The Prisoner of the Caucasus".
The Prisoner of the Caucasus (Russian: Кавказский пленник ), also translated as Captive of the Caucasus, is a narrative poem written by Alexander Pushkin in 1820-21 and published in 1822.
 Dedicated to his friend General Nikolay Raevsky, it was inspired by the poet's time spent in Pyatigorsk during his southern exile.
The Tarikh-e Qarabagh ("History of Qarabagh") is a book written by Jamal Javanshir Qarabaghi sometime after 1847 about the history of the Qarabagh (Karabakh) region.
 Written in Persian — the literary language of the Muslims in the Caucasus — it was composed on the order of the Russian head of the Caucasus Viceroyalty, Mikhail Semyonovich Vorontsov (in office; 1844–1854).
 The book covers the history of the Qarabagh region from the arrival of the Arabs through the Muslim conquest of Iran in the 7th century, up to the Imperial Russian conquest through the Russo-Persian War of 1804-1813.
Alexander Nikolayevich Serov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Никола́евич Серо́в , Saint Petersburg, 23 January [O.S. 11 January] 1820 – Saint Petersburg, 1 February [O.S. 20 January] 1871 ) was a Russian composer and music critic.
 He is notable as one of the most important music critics in Russia during the 1850s and 1860s and as the most significant Russian composer in the period between Dargomyzhsky's "Rusalka" and the works of Rimsky-Korsakov, Mussorgsky, and Tchaikovsky.
Prisoner of the Mountains (Russian: Кавказский пленник , "Kavkazskiy plennik"), also known as Prisoner of the Caucasus, is a 1996 Russian war drama film directed by Sergei Bodrov and written by Bodrov, Arif Aliyev and Boris Giller.
 The film is based on the Caucasian War-era short story "The Prisoner in the Caucasus" by the classic Russian writer Leo Tolstoy.
