Dorothea Jordan (22 November 17615 July 1816) was an Anglo-Irish actress, courtesan, and the mistress and companion of the future King William IV of the United Kingdom, for 20 years while he was Duke of Clarence.
 Together they had ten illegitimate children, all of whom took the surname "FitzClarence".
Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll (17 January 1801 – 16 January 1856; born Elizabeth FitzClarence) was an illegitimate daughter of King William IV of the United Kingdom and Dorothea Jordan.
 She married William Hay, 18th Earl of Erroll, and became Countess of Erroll on 4 December 1820 at age 19.
 Due to Hay's parentage, William Hay became Lord Steward of the Household.
 Elizabeth and William Hay married at St George's, Hanover Square.
 Hay is pictured in a FitzClarence family portrait in House of Dun and kept a stone thrown at her father William IV and the gloves he wore on opening his first Parliament as mementos.
 She died in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Lady Mary Fox (née FitzClarence; 19 December 1798 – 13 July 1864) was an illegitimate daughter of King William IV of the United Kingdom by his mistress Dorothea Jordan.
 In later life she became a writer.
Lieutenant-General Lord Frederick FitzClarence, GCH (9 December 1799 – 30 October 1854) was a British Army officer as well as being the illegitimate third son of King William IV and his mistress, Dorothea Jordan.
Lady Augusta Gordon ("née" FitzClarence; 17 November 1803 – 8 December 1865) was a British noblewoman.
 Born the fourth illegitimate daughter of William IV of the United Kingdom (then Duke of Clarence) by his long-time mistress Dorothea Jordan, she grew up at their Bushy House residence in Teddington.
 Augusta had four sisters and five brothers all surnamed FitzClarence.
 Soon after their father became monarch, the FitzClarence children were raised to the ranks of younger children of a marquess.
John Crichton-Stuart, 5th Marquess of Bute (4 August 1907 – 14 August 1956) was the son of John Crichton-Stuart, 4th Marquess of Bute and Augusta Bellingham.
 On his father's side, the 5th Marquess was a direct male-line descendant of Robert II of Scotland through John Stewart, his illegitimate son by Moira Leitch.
 On his mother's side, the 5th Marquess was a descendant of William IV of the United Kingdom through Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll, one of his illegitimate daughters by his mistress, Dorothea Jordan.
 As such, the 5th Marquess was the first member of the Bute family to be descended from William IV.
Wilhelmina FitzClarence, Countess of Munster ("née" Kennedy-Erskine; 27 June 1830 – 9 October 1906) was a British peeress and novelist.
 Her mother, Lady Augusta FitzClarence, was an illegitimate daughter of William IV of the United Kingdom; Wilhelmina, also known as Mina, was born the day after William's succession as monarch.
 She travelled as a young girl throughout Europe, visiting the courts of France and Hanover.
 In 1855, Mina married her first cousin William FitzClarence, 2nd Earl of Munster; they would have nine children, including the 3rd and 4th Earls of Munster.
Amelia Cary, Viscountess Falkland (21 March 1807 – 2 July 1858) was a British noblewoman.
 Born the fifth illegitimate daughter of William IV of the United Kingdom (then Duke of Clarence) by his long-time mistress Dorothea Jordan.
 Amelia had four sisters and five brothers all surnamed FitzClarence.
 Soon after their father became monarch, the FitzClarence children were raised to the ranks of younger children of a marquess.
 A granddaughter of George III, Amelia was named after her aunt Princess Amelia.
Sophia Sidney, Baroness De L'Isle and Dudley ("née" FitzClarence; 4 March 1795 – 10 April 1837) was the eldest illegitimate daughter of William IV of the United Kingdom and his longtime mistress Dorothea Jordan.
 She was married to Philip Sidney, 1st Baron De L'Isle and Dudley, and had four surviving children.
 Shortly before her death in 1837, she served as State Housekeeper in Kensington Palace.
The Regency Act 1830 (1 Will.4 c.2) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed to cater for the event that King William IV died while the next person in line to the throne was not yet aged 18.
 It provided for a regency until the new monarch reached the age of 18, and also would have enabled a posthumous child of King William IV to replace Queen Victoria on the throne.
 However, the Act never came into force, because William was not survived by a legitimate child and Victoria became queen at the age of 18 in 1837.
