Bjug Harstad (December 17, 1848 – June 20, 1933) was a Lutheran pastor, founding president of Pacific Lutheran University, and first president of the Evangelical Lutheran Synod.
The Dominguez Oil Field is a large oil field underneath Dominguez Hills near Carson, California and the California State University, Dominguez Hills.
 It was a major oil producer from 1923 through 1960.
 Starting in 2010, oil companies became interested in redeveloping the field using modern extraction technologies.
The Cal State Dominguez Hills Toros (also CSU Dominguez Hills Toros, CSUDH Toros, and California State-Dominguez Hills Toros) are the athletic teams that represent California State University, Dominguez Hills, located in Carson, California, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
 The Toros compete as members of the California Collegiate Athletic Association for all 9 varsity sports.
Pacific Lutheran High School is a private Lutheran high school located in Gardena, California.
 It was founded in 1996 by Tim Warneke and Norb Huber as a satellite campus of South Bay Lutheran High School, Inglewood, which is now closed.
 Pacific Lutheran High School was known as South Bay Lutheran High School from 1997 until 2003, when it separated from its sister campus and gained its own standing as an individual school.
Pacific Lutheran Theological Seminary (PLTS) in Berkeley, California, is a seminary affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA) and California Lutheran University, and is a member school of the Graduate Theological Union (GTU).
Pacific Lutheran University (PLU), founded by Norwegian Lutheran pioneers in 1890, is a private university offering liberal arts and professional school programs located in Parkland, a suburb of Tacoma, Washington, United States.
 PLU is sponsored by the 580 congregations of Region I of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
 PLU has approximately 3,100 students enrolled.
 As of 2017, the school employs approximately 220 full-time professors on the 156-acre (630,000 m²) woodland campus.
Gabriela Soto Laveaga is a historian of Latin America, specializing in Mexican history and history of science.
 She received her B.A. at California State University, Dominguez Hills (1994), and her M.A. (1998) and doctorate (2001) from University of California, San Diego, with Eric Van Young as her mentor.
 She taught history at Michigan State University, and University of California, Santa Barbara, and is currently professor of History of Science at Harvard University.
Marvel Keith Harshman (October 4, 1917 – April 12, 2013) was a college basketball coach, a head coach for forty years in the state of Washington at Pacific Lutheran University, Washington State University, and the University of Washington.
California State University, Dominguez Hills (also known as CSUDH, Dominguez Hills, or Cal State Dominguez Hills) is a public university within the 23-school California State University (CSU) system.
 It is located in the city of Carson, California in the South Bay region of Los Angeles County and was founded in 1960.
The Graduate Theological Union (GTU) is a consortium of eight private independent American theological schools and eleven centers and affiliates.
 Seven of the theological schools are located in Berkeley, California.
 The GTU was founded in 1962 and has established a relationship with the University of California, Berkeley that allows students from both institutions enjoying privileges accorded to their own students.
 Additionally, some of the GTU consortial schools are part of other California universities such as Santa Clara University (Jesuit School of Theology) and California Lutheran University (Pacific Lutheran Theological Seminary).
 Most of the GTU consortial schools are located in Berkeley around the campus of University of California, Berkeley, with the majority north of the campus in a neighborhood known as "Holy Hill" due to the cluster of GTU seminaries and centers located there.
