Magyk (an archaic spelling of "Magic") is a fantasy novel written by English author Angie Sage.
 It is the first book in the seven-book "Septimus Heap" series.
 The sequel, "Flyte" was released in March 2006, "Physik" in March 2007, "Queste" in 2008, "Syren" in September 2009, "Darke" in July 2011, and "Fyre" in 2013.
 The book cover of "Magyk" alludes to the diary that the ExtraOrdinary Wizard Marcia makes for her apprentice, Septimus Heap.
 The cover also depicts Septimus's Dragon Ring, rendered as if it were sitting atop the diary.
Radio On: A Listener's Diary (1997) is the first book by Sarah Vowell.
 In the book, she writes about listening to the radio for an entire year, switching between rock stations, talk radio, and NPR.
 In the book she bemoans the state of radio in the United States, referring to it as a "dreary, intelligence-insulting, ugly, half-assed, audio compromise lorded over by the stultifying FCC."
Demon Thief is a book in Darren Shan's "Demonata" series.
 Though it is the second book in the series, it is a prequel to "Lord Loss", the first book in the series.
 The protagonist is also different from that of the first book.
 The narrator here is a new character called Kernel Fleck, as opposed to Grubbs Grady, the protagonist of the first book.
 Demon Thief takes place about thirty years before "Lord Loss" so most of the characters from the first book did not appear, though a few did.
 It was also actually the sixth book of the Demonata to be written, although it was the second released.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Getaway is the twelfth book in the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" series by Jeff Kinney.
 The book was unveiled during the 2017 Diary of a Wimpy Kid Virtually Live Event which was live streamed via YouTube as part of the 10th anniversary of the first book.
 The book is due to be published on November 7, 2017.
Albrough was born in Kingston upon Thames, southwest London.
 After attending obligatory school, Albrough earned his degree at the Norwich School of Art, where he published his first book "A Bun Dance".
 He then worked for the Welsh publication "The Listener", where he published "Dotty Definitions".
 When his talents as an illustrator were discovered by an outside publisher, he received an offer to write his first children's book "Bare Bear", which was published in 1985.
 Alborough has been working as an independent author and illustrator since.
 He now lives in Richmond, London, with his Danish wife.
Christopher's Diary: Secrets of Foxworth is a 2014 American Gothic novel based on the writings of VC Andrews Dollanganger saga.
 It is a spin-off to the Dollanganger saga and records the events of the first book "Flowers in the Attic" from the perspective of Christopher Dollanganger in details that were never mentioned in the first book.
Grandmother Fish: A Child's First Book of Evolution was written by Jonathan Tweet.
 The book explains Charles Darwin's theory of common descent and its target audience is 3–5-year-olds.
 It uses a call-and-response interaction between speaker and listener, where the child is asked to mimic the behavior of various animals from our evolutionary past.
 The book is illustrated by Karen Lewis with colored artwork.
 "Grandmother Fish" takes children and adults through the history of life on our planet and explains how we are connected.
The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 13¾ is the first book in the Adrian Mole series of comedic fiction, written by Sue Townsend.
 The book is written in a diary style, and focuses on the worries and regrets of a teenager who believes himself to be an intellectual.
 The story is set in 1981 and 1982, and in the background it refers to some of the historic world events of the time, such as the Falklands War and the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana as well as the birth of Prince William.
 Mole is also a fierce critic of prime minister Margaret Thatcher, listing her as one of his worst enemies.
Gilbert Gnarley is a character developed and voiced by Gary Burbank of Cincinnati, Ohio, radio station 700 WLW.
 His comedy sketches involve prank phone calls to various businesses, organizations, and corporate headquarters, during which it becomes evident that Gilbert is very confused about something.
 Those who answer the calls may not initially realize that he is confused, but once they discover the source of his confusion, their reactions range from heartfelt compassion to annoyance to fits of laughter, all of which are used for comedic value.
 Traits of his calls include always spelling his last name for his listener — "Hello, my name is Gilbert Gnarley, G-N-A-R-L-E-Y..." — and never saying "goodbye" at the end of the call, instead saying "Okay?
 Okay?"
 repeatedly, inducing the individual to respond either with an affirming "okay" or to hang up.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a satirical realistic fiction comedy novel for children and teenagers written and illustrated by Jeff Kinney.
 It is the first book in the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" series.
 The book is about a boy named Greg Heffley and his struggles to fit in as he begins middle school.
