The Irish Setter (Irish: "sotar rua" , literally "red setter") is a setter, a breed of gundog, and family dog.
 The term "Irish Setter" is commonly used to encompass the show-bred dog recognised by the American Kennel Club as well as the field-bred Red Setter recognised by the Field Dog Stud Book.
Kanitkar is a surname used by Konkanastha Chitapavan sub-caste of Brahmins in India.
 Kanitkars, like most other Konkanastha Chitpavan Brahmins, originate in the Konkan strip on the western seacoast of India - about 300-500 kilometers south of Mumbai.
 Kanitkars (other names: Satkar) were from original five towns and 23 descendant families, spread to 110 towns by 1988.
 Kanitkars belong to Kaushik Gotra, and consider Shri Vyadeshwar at Guhaghar, Maharashtra, India as their primary "family god" [Kul Daivat].
The English Setter is a medium size breed of dog.
 It is part of the Setter family, which includes the red Irish Setters, Irish Red and White Setters, and black-and-tan Gordon Setters.
 The mainly white body coat is of medium length with long silky fringes on the back of the legs, under the belly and on the tail.
 The coat features flecks of colour, and the different colour varieties are referred to as belton.
The Reverend Noble Huston (died 1944), was the minister of the First Presbyterian Church in Ballynahinch, County Down and a breeder of dogs, credited with saving the Irish Red and White Setter from extinction in the early the twentieth century.
 According to Anna Redlich in “The Dogs of Ireland” (Dundalgan Press 1949), he " mated his half red and half red and white bitch Gyp to Johnnie, and later on to Glen of Rossmore ... Thus in due time and by judicious selection , he managed to build up a kennel of Red and White Setters..."
The Irish Red and White Setter () is a breed of dog, more specifically a setter.
 As with all the setters and the Pointer, it is classified as a gundog in the UK and is included in the sporting group in America and Canada.
 It is virtually identical in use and temperament to the related Irish Setter and its other setter cousins, the Gordon and English setters, but is more often found as a working gun dog.
James Andrew Hanna (c. 1947 – 1 April 1974), also known as Red Setter, was a senior member of the Northern Irish loyalist paramilitary organisation, the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) until he was shot dead by fellow members, for being an alleged informer.
 Journalists Joe Tiernan and Kevin Myers described him as having been the senior military leader of the UVF.
 Tiernan also suggested that he was part of a UVF unit that planted car bombs in Dublin in December 1972 and January 1973 which left three people dead and 145 injured.
 Tiernan claimed that Hanna was controlled by four British Army Intelligence Corps officers who frequently visited his home in Lisburn.
Mulcahy is a surname and Clan of Irish Gaelic origin.
 The anglicized form of "Ó Maolchathaigh" which in Gaelic means 'a descendant of a devotee of Cathach', a personal name meaning Warlike.
 The name is thought to originate in County Tipperary, However the earliest mention of the family appears in the Annals of Inisfallen in 1317 AD and subsequent references in and around the Churches of County Kerry in the 15th century.
Subfunctionalization was proposed by Stoltzfus (1999) and Force et al. (1999) as one of the possible outcomes of functional divergence that occurs after a gene duplication event, in which pairs of genes that originate from duplication, or paralogs, take on separate functions.
 Subfunctionalization is a neutral mutation process; meaning that no new adaptations are formed.
 During the process of gene duplication paralogs simply undergo a division of labor by retaining different parts (subfunctions) of their original ancestral function.
 This partitioning event occurs because of segmental gene silencing leading to the formation of paralogs that are no longer duplicates, because each gene only retains a single function.
 It is important to note that the ancestral gene was capable of performing both functions and the descendant duplicate genes can now only perform one of the original ancestral functions.
G Vidyaraj is supposedly a retired advocate who owns some of the largest gems in the world.
 He is featured in a viral message about India's wealth.
 His collection is said to include the largest rubies in the world, the atna ruby and the Neelanjali ruby.
 The message claims that he is a direct descendant of the rulers of the Vijayanagar raja of Hampi in Karnataka, which is where he claims the rubies originate from.
Coity Mountain (also spelled "Coety Mountain", Welsh: "Mynydd Coety") is a flat-topped mountain in the South Wales Valleys, between Blaenavon and Abertillery.
 The highest points of both Torfaen and Blaenau Gwent unitary authorities are at the summit of Coity Mountain.
 The summit is also known as Twyn Ffynhonnau Goerion.
 Some 2 km to the southeast lies a major subsidiary top of the hill, Mynydd Varteg Fawr (549m) at the southeastern end of whose broad ridge is a trig point at 544m.
 A few hundred metres to the southeast of this summit is a memorial known as the "Dog Stone" which commemorates "Carlo the Red Setter", a dog shot accidentally by his master while hunting on the 12 August 1864.
 Co-ordinates for the Dog Stone 51.45'15.58N 3.05'08.81W.
 Other notable tops include those of Mulfran (524m) (Welsh for "cormorant", pronounced 'me-al-vran') which overlooks the town of Brynmawr and Mynydd James immediately east of the town of Blaina.
