"Little Black Rain Cloud" is a song from the 1966 musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree".
 An instrumental version is played in the next featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
 The song was also subsequently incorporated into the 1977 musical film, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of the three previous Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Honey Tree".
 In the song Winnie the Pooh comments about the on-screen actions where he is pretending to be a "Little Black Rain Cloud", as the title implies.
 It's Pooh's hope that the Honey Bees will not notice him as he approaches their coveted honey.
"Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!"
 is a song from the 1968 musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
 It is sung by the cast as a release from the dramatic tension of the story.
 The song is also incorporated into (and used as the promotional tagline for) the 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Blustery Day".
 In the song, Pooh and Piglet are hailed as heroes (Pooh for saving Piglet's life, and Piglet for giving Owl his grand home in the beech tree).
"Heffalumps and Woozles" is a song from the 1968 Walt Disney musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
 It was written by the Sherman Brothers, and performed by The Mellomen.
 It is also in the 1977 full-length feature film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is a 1968 animated featurette based on the third, fifth, ninth, and tenth chapters from "Winnie-the-Pooh" and the second, eighth, and ninth chapters from "The House at Pooh Corner" by A. A. Milne.
 The featurette was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution Company on December 20, 1968 as a double feature with "The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit".
 This was the second of the studio's Winnie the Pooh shorts.
 It was later added as a segment to the 1977 film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
 The music was written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
 It was notable for being the last animated short produced by Walt Disney, who died during its production.
Brianne Siddall (born August 25, 1963 in Encino, California), also known under her stage names of Ian Hawk and Brianne Brozey, is an American voice actress.
 She is known for voicing Tommy Himi and Calumon in over a hundred episodes of the popular anime "Digimon" and its video games, as well as for voicing Tsukasa and Elk in the anime ".
hack//Sign" and the ".
hack" games.
 In the late 1990s Siddall, under the stage name Ian Hawk, was hired to perform as the voice of Myōjin Yahiko for the Sony dub of the "Ruroni Kenshin" anime and OAV, which premiered in the United States under the title "Samurai X." This initial attempt to market the series proved unsuccessful and the series was later re-dubbed by Media Blasters, who chose to hire Bang Zoom!
 Entertainment to redub the series.
 She also voiced characters for Pioneer and Bang Zoom!
 including Kunikida in "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya", Ruby and Rina in "Saint Tail".
 In live-action voice-over, she voiced Impus, the infant version of the character Prince Olympius, in "Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue", and Circuit the robotic owl in "Power Rangers Time Force".
 She voiced Jim Hawking, the kid crew member in "Outlaw Star", which had a run on Cartoon Network's Toonami and Adult Swim programming blocks, She also voiced main character Al Izuruha in the "Mobile Suit Gundam" OAV, "".
Catherine Davis "Kate" Higgins (born August 16, 1969 in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S.), also known as Kate Davis, is an American voice actress, singer and jazz pianist.
 Her major voice roles have been in English-language adaptations of Japanese anime, and is best known as the voice of Sakura Haruno in "Naruto".
 She has also voiced C.C. in "Code Geass" and Saber in the original "Fate/stay Night".
 In 2010, she voiced Miles "Tails" Prower in the video game series "Sonic the Hedgehog".
 She also voices Kate, Stinky and Lilly in the "Alpha and Omega" sequels.
 In 2014, She became the voice of Ami Mizuno / Sailor Mercury in the Viz English dub of "Sailor Moon".
"The Rain Rain Rain Came Down Down Down" is a narrative song from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
 The song is also incorporated into the 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Blustery Day".
 The song was written by the Sherman Brothers who have written most of the music for the Winnie-the-Pooh franchise over the many years.
 It was sung by an unidentified off-screen chorus with occasional lines sung by veteran character actor Sterling Holloway who provided the voice of Pooh.
"A Rather Blustery Day" is a whimsical song from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
 It was written by Robert & Richard Sherman and sung by Jim Cummings as "Pooh".
The House That Jack Built is a 1967 National Film Board of Canada animated short based on the nursery rhyme "This Is the House That Jack Built."
 Directed by Ron Tunis, written by and produced by Wolf Koenig, the eight-minute film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film, losing to "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day" at the 41st Academy Awards.
 Jack is desperate to escape his nine-to-five life.
 Mirroring the fairy tale, he trades his car for a handful of beans.
"The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers" is the theme song and personal anthem of Tigger, a fictional tiger from the children's book series Winnie-the-Pooh.
 Although Tigger's birthday is believed to be in October 1928, the year that "The House at Pooh Corner" was first published, on Tigger-related merchandise, Disney often indicates Tigger's birth year as 1968, a reference to the first year that Tigger appeared in a Disney production, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
 That was also the same instance when Tigger first sang this song.
 The song is repeated in Disney's 1974 release "Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too!
", The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh ride and then again in the 1977 release "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
 "The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers" opens up the 2000 release of "The Tigger Movie".
 In 1974, Paul Winchell earned a Grammy for his rendition of the song.
