The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bamenda is the Metropolitan See of the Ecclesiastical province of Bamenda in Cameroon.
 It was by the Bull Tametsi Christianarum of 13 August 1970, that Pope Paul VI erected the Diocese of Bamenda with territory detached from the Diocese of Buea.
 On 18 March 1982 Pope John Paul II created, by the Bull Eo Magis Ecclesia Catholica, the Archdiocese of Bamenda, the Ecclesiastical Province of Bamenda and erected the Diocese of Kumbo with territory detached from the Diocese of Bamenda.
 Bamenda was by the same bull made into the Metropolitan See of the Ecclesiastical Province with Buea and Kumbo as its Suffragans.
 Mamfe was later created into a diocese with territory detached from Buea.
 So Bamenda has 3 Suffragan Sees - Buea, Kumbo and Mamfe.
 As of Nov 2013 there are 35 Parishes in Bamenda divided into 6 Deaneries - NJINiKOM, MANKON, WIDIKUM, BAMBUI, WUM and NDOP.
The Archdiocese of Cashel and Emly (Irish: "Ard-Deoise Chaisil agus Imligh" ) is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in mid-western Ireland.
 The archdiocese is led by the Archbishop of Cashel and Emly, who serves as pastor of the mother church, the Cathedral of the Assumption and metropolitan of the ecclesiastical province of Cashel and Emly.
 The Diocese of Cashel was established in 1111 by the Synod of Rathbreasail.
 The ecclesiastical province, which was roughly co-extensive with the secular province of Munster, was created in 1152 by the Synod of Kells.
 The cathedral church of the archdiocese is located in Thurles, County Tipperary.
 The incumbent archbishop is Kieran O'Reilly.
The Ecclesiastical Province of Ontario is one of the Anglican Church of Canada's four ecclesiastical provinces.
 It was established in 1912 out of six dioceses of the Ecclesiastical Province of Canada located in the civil Province of Ontario, and the Diocese of Moosonee from the Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert's Land.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Capua (Latin: "Archidioecesis Capuana" ) is an archdiocese (originally a suffragan bishopric) of the Roman Catholic Church in Italy, but its archbishop no longer holds metropolitan rank and has no ecclesiastical province.
 Its see is in Capua, in Campania near Naples.
 Since 1979, it is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Napoli in Naples, i.e. no longer has its own ecclesiastical province nor metropolitan status.
 In 2013 in the Archdiocese of Capua there was one priest for every 2,345 Catholics.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Umuahia (Latin: "Umuahian(us)" ) is a diocese located in the city of Umuahia.
 It was part of the Old Ecclesiastical Province of Onitsha, but presently, it belongs to the Ecclesiastical province of Owerri, in Nigeria, which was erected on March 26, 1994 .
The Ecclesiastical Province of Miami is a Catholic ecclesiastical province covering the U.S. state of Florida.
 Its metropolitan bishop is the Archbishop of Miami, head of the Archdiocese of Miami.
 The province additionally includes the suffragan dioceses of Orlando, Palm Beach, Pensacola-Tallahassee, St. Augustine, St. Petersburg, and Venice.
The Ecclesiastical Province of Freiburg ("Kirchenprovinz Freiburg") or Upper Rhenish Ecclesiastical Province ("Oberrheinische Kirchenprovinz") is an ecclesiastical province of the Roman Catholic Church in the Upper Rhine area of Germany, centring on Freiburg im Breisgau.
 It covers the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Freiburg, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mainz and the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rottenburg-Stuttgart, covering large areas of Baden-Württemberg and Hesse and small parts of Rhineland-Palatinate.
 Its metropolitan bishop is the Archbishop of Freiburg - that Archdiocese and the Province were both set up in 1821 in the wake of the 1801 Concordat and the 1815 Congress of Vienna.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kottapuram (Latin: "Kottapuramen(sis)" ) is a diocese located in the city of Kottapuram in the Ecclesiastical province of Verapoly in India.
 On Saturday, December 18, 2010, Pope Benedict XVI named Joseph Karikkassery, Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Verapoly, as Bishop of Kottapuram.
 The diocese had until then been a vacant see (sede vacante), as Bishop Francis Kallarakal had been appointed by Pope Benedict XVI in February 2010 as Metropolitan Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Verapoly, India (the Diocese of Kottapuram is in its Ecclesiastical Province).
 The previous Archbishop of Verapoly had died.
An ecclesiastical province is a general term for one of the basic forms of jurisdiction in Christian Churches with traditional hierarchical structure, including Western Christianity and Eastern Christianity.
 In general, ecclesiastical province is consisted of several dioceses (or eparchies), one of them being the archdiocese (or archeparchy), headed by metropolitan bishop or archbishop who has ecclesiastical jurisdiction over all other bishops of the province.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Lecce (Latin: "Archidioecesis Lyciensis" ) in Apulia, southern Italy, has existed as a diocese since 1057.
 On 28 September 1960, in the bull "Cum a nobis", Pope John XXIII separated the diocese of Lecce from the ecclesiastical province of Otranto and made it directly subject to the Holy See.
 In the bull "Conferentia Episcopalis Apuliae" issued on 20 October 1980, Pope John Paul II created the ecclesiastical province of Lecce, with the Archdiocese of Otranto becoming a suffragan diocese.
