M-1 Global (Mixfight-1) or MMA-1 (Mixed martial arts-1) is a mixed martial arts promotion based in St. Petersburg, Russia which organizes between 10 and 20 competitions per year.
 The public faces of M-1 Global are President, Vadim Finkelstein and part-owner Fedor Emelianenko.
Kirill Yurievich Sidelnikov (Russian: Кирилл Юрьевич Сидельников) born August 17, 1988, is a Russian professional mixed martial artist and grappler, fighting out of Stary Oskol, the same hometown as Fedor Emelianenko with whom he is a training partner.
 He fights for M-1 Mixfight.
Mikhail Ilyukhin (born November 21, 1966) is a retired Russian mixed martial artist and professional wrestler who competed in the light heavyweight division.
 He competed in both RINGS, and Pride Fighting Championships, and was a prominent member of Russia Top Team, where he trained with the likes of Volk Han, Fedor Emelianenko, and Sergei Kharitonov.
 At Pride 26, Ilyukhin lost by stoppage to Quinton Jackson.
 He won his last fight at K-1 – Hero's Lithuania against Jordanas Poskaitis on November 26, 2005.
 It appears that following the demise of the Russia Top Team Ilyukhin has retired.
Art Davie is a business executive and entrepreneur formerly active in Southern California advertising circles.
 In 1993, he created and co-produced the tournament which became the televised Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 In 1998, Davie, as vice-president of K-1 USA, brought the successful K-1 kickboxing franchise from Japan to Las Vegas and North American pay-per-view television.
 In 2003, Davie was an executive producer with Mandalay Sports Entertainment.
 In 2006, he became vice-president of television at Paradigm Entertainment Group.
 In 2014, Ascend Books published Davie's book, "Is This Legal?
: The Inside Story of the First UFC from the Man Who Created It".
 Sean Wheelock assisted in the book's research and writing.
 In November 2014, Davie was inducted into the Legends of MMA Hall of Fame, alongside Big John McCarthy, Pat Miletich, Fedor Emelianenko, and Rickson Gracie.
Rickson Gracie (] ; born November 21, 1958) is a Brazilian 9th degree red belt in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu and a retired mixed martial artist.
 He is a member of the Gracie family: the son of Hélio Gracie, brother to Rorion and Relson Gracie, and half-brother to Rolker, Royce, Robin and Royler Gracie.
 In November 2014 he became an inductee of the Legends of MMA Hall of Fame, alongside Big John McCarthy, Pat Miletich, and Fedor Emelianenko.
Alexander Vladimirovich Emelianenko (Russian: Александр Владимирович Емельяненко , "Aleksandr Vladimirovich Emel'janenko" ] ; born (1981--) 02, 1981 ) is a Russian mixed martial artist.
 He is a three-time Russian national Combat Sambo champion and three-time world Combat Sambo champion in the absolute division.
 Emelianenko was convicted of aggravated sexual assault in May 2015 and was released early on parole on October 26, 2016.
 He is the younger brother of Fedor Emelianenko.
Silviu Dorin Vulc more commonly known as Silviu Vulc is a Romanian heavyweight mixed martial artist.
 Silviu Vulc spent his early career boxing in Romania, he then moved to Russia to train with Red Devil Sport Club team mates with Fedor Emelianenko and Alexander Emelianenko.
 Vulc spent two years there training and fighting.
 During this time he had ten MMA fights with eight wins and three losses, the first seven fights being semi-professional before moving into the professional league.
 Vulc had a short professional career, defeating Rodrigo Mendes in the Desert Combat Challenge in Israel and losing twice.
 His last fight being in 2008 for M-1 Global.
 Silviu has spent most of his time and energy over the years coaching others in boxing and MMA around the world including time spent in Russia, Romania and London, England.
Murad Magomedkhanovich Machaev (Russian: Мурад Магомедханович Мачаев ; born December 3, 1986 in Dagestan) is a Russian mixed martial artist of Avar heritage who currently fighting in the lightweight division for the Eurasia Fight Nights Global (EFN), Bellator MMA veteran, he is the winner of the 2011 Fedor Emelianenko Cup.
Antônio Carlos Silva (born September 14, 1979) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the heavyweight division of the UFC.
 He is a former EliteXC Heavyweight Champion, a former Cage Rage World Heavyweight Champion and a former Cage Warriors Super Heavyweight Champion.
 He has also competed for K-1 Hero's, BodogFIGHT, Strikeforce and World Victory Road.
 Known for being one of the five men (along with Tsuyoshi Kohsaka, Fabrício Werdum, Dan Henderson, and Matt Mitrione) to defeat Fedor Emelianenko in mixed martial arts competition.
Magomedkhan Amanulayevich Gamzatkhanov (Russian: Магомедха́н Аманула́евич Гамзатха́нов ; born April 15, 1961 in Anchih, Dagestan), better known by his alias Volk Han (Волк-хан), is a Russian professional wrestler and later a mixed martial artist of Avar descent renowned for his technical mastery of sambo.
 He would go on to represent Russia in the Russian RINGS team with Fedor Emelianenko, Andrei Kopylov, Nikolai Zuyev and Mikhail Ilyukhin.
