Johnnie Casson is an English comedian who has appeared on numerous occasions on British television, notably on ITV's "The Comedians" and many guest spots on "Des O'Connor Tonight".
The Comedians is a British television show of the 1970s (later reprised in the mid-1980s and early 1990s) produced by Johnnie Hamp of Granada Television.
 The show gave a stage to nightclub and working men's club comedians of the era, including Russ Abbot, Lennie Bennett, Stan Boardman, Jim Bowen, Jimmy Bright, Duggie Brown, Mike Burton, Jimmy Jones, Dave Butler, Brian Carroll, Frank Carson, Mike Coyne, Jimmy Cricket, Colin Crompton, Pauline Daniels, Charlie Daze, Vince Earl, Steve Faye, Eddie Flanagan, Stu Francis, Ken Goodwin, Jackie Hamilton, Jerry Harris, George King, Bobby Knutt, Bernard Manning, Mike McCabe, Paul Melba, Mick Miller, Hal Nolan, Tom O'Connor, Tom Pepper, Bryn Phillips, Mike Reid, George Roper, Harry Scott, Sammy Thomas, Johnny Wager, Roy Walker, Charlie Williams, Lee Wilson and Lenny Windsor.
Fash FC was a weekly UK television programme: a reality/documentary show following ex-professional footballer John Fashanu as he goes back to the grassroots of football, managing a team of amateur players in a Sunday League.
 The show was launched in September 2003, and was broadcast throughout the 2003–2004 football season on Bravo.
 The show received a re-run on Loaded TV, the Sky satellite platform Channel 200 and online.
 Broadcasts are weekly at 11pm on Wednesdays.
Shep's Banjo Boys was a British musical act, which appeared each week on "The Comedians", a British television show of the 1970s (later reprised in the mid-1980s and early 1990s) produced by Johnnie Hamp of Granada Television.
 They were a 7-piece band comprising (for the first five series) Charlie Bentley (tenor banjo), Andy Holdorf (trombone), John Drury (sousaphone), John Orchard (piano), John Rollings (drums), Graham Shepherd (banjo) and Howard Shepherd (lead banjo).
 In 1973, the line up was Howard "Shep" Shepherd (lead banjo), Graham Shepherd and Mike Dexter (banjos), Tony Pritchard (trombone), Tony "Tosh" Kennedy (sousaphone) and Ged Martin (drums).
Metal Mickey was a five-foot-tall robot (created, controlled and voiced by Johnny Edward), as well as the name of a spin-off television show starring the same character.
 He was essentially a modernised vision of a 1950s space toy with a voice reminiscent of the Cylons in "Battlestar Galactica".
 Metal Mickey first appeared on British television in the ITV children's magazine show "The Saturday Banana," produced by Southern Television in 1978.
 Humphrey Barclay saw Mickey on Jimmy Savile's 'Jim'll Fix It' television show.
 Seeing the children chatting in the marketplace with the friendly robot, this led to the creation of the "Metal Mickey" television show.
 Within a month the pilot had been video-taped and shortly after this the series went live with its first six episodes.
 41 episodes were made in all, attracting around 12 million viewers.
The "Celebrity Big Brother" racism controversy was a series of events related to incidents of racist behaviour by contestants on the British television series "Celebrity Big Brother 5", shown on British television station Channel 4.
 The incidents centred on comments made by contestants on this reality television show, most notably Jade Goody, glamour model Danielle Lloyd, and singer Jo O'Meara, which were directed towards Indian actress Shilpa Shetty.
 The screening of these comments on UK television resulted in national and international media coverage, responses from the UK and Indian governments, and the show's suspension during the 2008 season.
Johnnie Hamp (sometimes referred to as John Hamp, or Johnny Hamp) is a British television producer, now retired.
 He is responsible for the early British television appearances of such acts as the Beatles, singer Cilla Black, comedian Woody Allen and singer Lisa Stansfield as Head of Light Entertainment with Granada Television.
Act Your Age is a panel game on BBC Radio 4 hosted by Simon Mayo.
 The series, created by Ashley Blaker (the original radio producer of Little Britain) and Bill Matthews (co-deviser of They Think It's All Over), was first broadcast on 27 November 2008.
 The show features three teams of stand-up comedians from different generations: "The Up-And-Comers", featuring younger comedians, captained by Jon Richardson; "The Current Crop", featuring comedians popular at the moment, captained by Lucy Porter; and "The Old Guard", featuring older, veteran comics, captained by Roy Walker, (although in the second series, Adrian Walsh and Johnnie Casson took over for two shows each when Walker was unavailable).
 Most critics disliked the show.
 The readers of the British Comedy Guide went as far as voting it the "Worst British Radio Panel Show / Satire 2008".
GamesMaster is a British television show, screened on Channel 4 from 1992 to 1998, and was the first ever UK television show dedicated to computer and video games.
Shining Time Station is an American children's television series jointly created by British television producer Britt Allcroft and Rick Siggelkow.
 The series was produced by The Britt Allcroft Company (now Gullane Entertainment, a subsidiary of HiT Entertainment) and Quality Family Entertainment in New York City for New York City's PBS station WNET, and was originally taped in New York City and later in Toronto.
 It incorporated sequences from the British television show "Thomas & Friends", which was in turn based on a series of books that had been written by the Reverend Wilbert Awdry.
 The series aired on PBS from January 29, 1989 until June 11, 1993, and then continued on the network in reruns until June 11, 1998.
 It aired on Fox Family from 1998 to 1999.
 It also aired on Nick Jr. in 2000 and on Canadian television networks such as APTN and SCN.
 Elements from the show were incorporated into the Thomas and Friends film "Thomas and the Magic Railroad."
