Charles Manegold Jr. was a founding father of the Milwaukee Parks Department.
 Manegold was president of the Milwaukee-Waukesha Brewing Company, with plant at No. 155 South Water street in Milwaukee, was born September 15, 1851, in the city which is still his home.
 His father, Charles Manegold, was a native of Braunschweig, Germany, and came to the United States in 1848.
 For a time he resided in Cincinnati, Ohio, and then removed to Milwaukee.
 He was a blacksmith by trade but in later life turned his attention to the ice business in this city and in 1868 built a flour mill on South Water street, which he continued to own and operate until his death in May, 1879, his son Charles Jr., being associated with him in this undertaking.
 He was a most active and progressive business man and he enjoyed the respect and confidence of all.
 His father was Henry Manegold, who was likewise a blacksmith by trade.
 The mother of Charles Manegold Jr., bore the maiden name of Wilhelmina Notbohm, and she too was born in Braunschweig, Germany, while her death occurred in Milwaukee in 1909.
 Our subject has two brothers, Henry and William, who are yet regents of Milwaukee, the former now living retired.
 Two other brothers, Fred and Albert Manegold, are deceased.
John H. Sykes is a prominent Tampa Bay area business man and founder of Sykes Enterprises Incorporated (NASDAQ listing SYKE).
 Sykes was born in Charlotte, North Carolina and attended High Point University and Queens University of Charlotte, as well as Rollins College.
 He currently serves a Chairman Emeritus of Sykes Inc. and remains active in the Tampa Business community.
Jermaine Lewis was born on March 18, 1990 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and is of Jamaican descent.
 He grew up the youngest of four children to his mother but only the middle child to his father.
 His mother, who moved to America before he was born, use to send him as a kid to often stay with his father who was a local business man in Santa Cruz, Jamaica.
Khleber Miller Van Zandt (November 7, 1836 – March 19, 1930) was a Texas business executive, military officer, and politician.
Ozii Obiyo (born January 23, 1985) is a Nigerian-American entrepreneur from Arlington, Texas.
 Originally as a promise to his brother Chuki Obiyo when they were both students at the University of Texas at Austin, he started the first online African Radio show in Austin, Texas on KVRX called African Extravaganza.
 Started in 2005, the show showcased a variety of African artists representing different genres and cultures, from Fela Kuti and his Afrobeat to Angelique Kidjo and her Afropop.
 The fusion of cultures on his show was an experience that Ozii coined as "Afro-fantastic".
 The radio show led to AfroFantasticTV, a TV show that interviewed students and small business owners on the streets of Austin about African culture through humor.
 The TV show, broadcast on K09VR, featured Texas business owners discussing how different cultural aspects of Sub-Saharan Africa connected to the Keep Austin Weird business campaign; in one episode, the show featured Mark Cuban, owner of the Dallas Mavericks.
 As of March 2010, Ozii, through Mediasify, LLC is producing web TV shows, videos, and press releases for business owners.
Mike Long is an American business man, former CEO of several public companies, and currently a founding partner of Sulgrave Partners LLC.
 He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Continuum, an Austin, Texas IT consulting company, from 1991 to 1997, having started with Continuum as a Director in 1983.
 In 1997, Long was named CEO of Healtheon Corporation (now WebMD), succeeding former CEO David Schnell.
 Long oversaw Healtheon's initial public offering, traveling between Europe and the United States to woo investors.
 Long was able to secure the required investment funds, and saw Healtheon's stock price rise from $8 to a high of $120.
 In 2002, Long was recruited to fix the financial struggles of Move, Inc., a company plagued by more than $4 billion in lawsuits and hemorrhaging tens of millions of dollars a quarter.
 As Chief Executive Officer, Long was able to revive Homestore, Inc., by changing the business model, rebranding the company as Move, Inc. and returning it to profitability.
 Touching on his experience of bringing about the initial public offerings of web-based businesses, Long would say that investors needed to be presented "with an entirely new face every few months," and that "the only way to run one of these Silicon Valley companies was to forget everything you'd learned outside of Silicon Valley."
Ignite!
 Learning, Inc. is an educational software and hardware company co-founded in 1999 by Texas businessman Neil Bush and a year later Ken Leonard.
 Neil is a brother of Former President George W. Bush and Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, and son of former President George Herbert Walker Bush.
 Alan Davis resigned as the President and CEO in November, 2009.
 Ken Leonard is the current acting CEO.
Lal Wickrematunge is a Sri Lankan business man, media mogul and chairman of Leader Publications which he co-founded with brother Lasantha Wickrematunge.
The William P. Hobby Unit (HB) is a prison for women in unincorporated Falls County, Texas.
 Named after William P. Hobby, Lieutenant Governor of Texas, it is a part of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ).
 It is located on Texas Farm to Market Road 712, off Texas Business Highway 6 and 6 mi southwest of Marlin.
South Texas Business, Education &amp; Technology Academy
