<section begin=head />"Saturday Night Live" ("SNL") is a late-night sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels.
 It premiered on NBC, a terrestrial television network, on October 11, 1975 under the title "NBC's Saturday Night".
 The show often satirizes contemporary American popular culture and politics.
 "Saturday Night Live" features a two-tiered cast: the repertory members, also known as the "Not Ready for Prime-Time Players," and newer cast members, known as "Featured Players."
 Each week, the show features a host, often a well-known celebrity, who delivers an opening monologue and performs in sketches with the cast.
 A musical guest is also invited to perform several sets (usually two, and occasionally more).
 Every so often a host or musical guest will fill both roles, such as was the case with Britney Spears in 2000 and 2002, Jennifer Lopez in 2001 and 2010, Justin Timberlake in 2003, 2006 and 2013, Taylor Swift in 2009, Bruno Mars in 2012, Lady Gaga in 2013, Miley Cyrus in 2013 and 2015, Drake in 2014 and 2016, Blake Shelton in 2015, and Ariana Grande in 2016.
 With the exception of Season 7 and several other rare cases, the show has begun with a cold open that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming "Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!
"
The Blues Brothers are an American blues and soul revivalist band which was founded in 1978 by comedy actors Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi as part of a musical sketch on "Saturday Night Live."
 Belushi and Aykroyd, respectively in character as lead vocalist "Joliet" Jake Blues and harmonica player/vocalist Elwood Blues, fronted the band, which was composed of well-known and respected musicians.
 The band made its debut as the musical guest on the April 22, 1978, episode of "Saturday Night Live," performing "Hey Bartender."
Saturday Night Live (abbreviated as SNL) is an American late-night live television sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels and developed by Dick Ebersol.
 The show premiered on NBC on October 11, 1975, under the original title NBC's Saturday Night.
 The show's comedy sketches, which parody contemporary culture and politics, are performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members.
 Each episode is hosted by a celebrity guest (who usually delivers an opening monologue and performs in sketches with the cast) and features performances by a musical guest.
 An episode normally begins with a cold open sketch that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming, "Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!
", properly beginning the show.
Saturday Night Live from Milano, Also known as Saturday Night Live Italy, was the Italian localisation of the popular US-comedy television series "Saturday Night Live", shown on Mediaset television channel Italia 1 from 2006.
A Night at the Roxbury is a 1998 American comedy film based on a recurring skit on television's long-running "Saturday Night Live" called "The Roxbury Guys".
 "Saturday Night Live" regulars Will Ferrell, Chris Kattan, Molly Shannon, Mark McKinney and Colin Quinn star.
 This film expands on the original Saturday Night Live sketches where the Roxbury Guys were joined by that week's host, and bobbed their heads to Haddaway's hit song "What Is Love" while being comically rejected by women at various clubs.
"Saturday Night Live" (abbreviated as SNL) is a late-night sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels.
 It premiered on NBC, a terrestrial television network, on October 11, 1975 under the title "NBC's Saturday Night".
 The show often satirizes contemporary American popular culture and politics.
 "Saturday Night Live" features a two-tiered cast: the repertory members, also known as the "Not Ready for Prime-Time Players", and newer cast members, known as "Featured Players."
Erik Marcisak (pronounced "Mar-See-Sack") (born March 17, 1978 in Queens, NY), is an American writer, sketch comedy producer, actor and VIP customer of David Gagnon taxi, based in Charlottetown, PEI.
 Erik Marcisak was named one of "Backstage"'s Top Ten "Comedy Best Bets" in 2005 for producing the controversial sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Rewritten", which used the previous night's "Saturday Night Live" as a creative jumping-off point for an entirely new sketch show that was written, rehearsed, and performed within 8 hours the next day.
 "Saturday Night Rewritten" ran in New York City from 2003-2006.
"What Up with That?"
 is a recurring sketch on the NBC television series "Saturday Night Live" which first aired in 2009.
 It stars Kenan Thompson as Diondre Cole, host of a talk show on BET.
 Supporting characters include Taran Killam as the show's announcer (originally Will Forte), Sasheer Zamata (originally Jenny Slate, later Vanessa Bayer) and Cecily Strong (originally Nasim Pedrad) as backup singers/dancers Pippa and Piper, respectively, Fred Armisen as Giuseppe, a Kenny G-like saxophone player, and Jason Sudeikis as Vance, an overzealous backup dancer.
 The sketch has incorporated unannounced cameo appearances by a number of celebrities.
 In addition to this, cast members frequently play roles adding to the chaos during Cole's performances, such as Paul Brittain and Abby Elliott's dancing performances as Vili Fualaau and Mary Kay Letourneau, a student and teacher who made news for their sexual relationship.
"Wayne's World" was originally a recurring sketch from the NBC television series "Saturday Night Live".
 It evolved from a segment titled "Wayne's Power Minute" (1987) on the CBC Television series "It's Only Rock & Roll", as the main character first appeared in that show.
 The "Saturday Night Live" sketch spawned two films, and several catchphrases which have since entered the pop-culture lexicon.
 The sketch centered on a local public-access television program in Aurora, Illinois, hosted by Wayne Campbell (Mike Myers, the same actor from "Wayne's Power Minute"), an enthusiastic and sardonic long-haired metalhead, and his timid and sometimes high-strung, yet equally metal-loving sidekick and best friend, Garth Algar (Dana Carvey).
 Wayne lives with his parents and broadcasts his show "live" from the basement of their house every Friday evening at 10:30.
 The first "Wayne's World" sketch appeared in the 13th "Saturday Night Live" episode of 1988/1989.
SNL Studios is a production company, founded in July 1997 as a joint venture between "Saturday Night Live" executive producer Lorne Michaels and NBC Studios (now Universal Television, the production arm of NBCUniversal).
 While this venture also initially included Paramount Pictures, it was dissolved following NBC's merger with Universal Studios.
 On the television side, SNL Studios produces "Saturday Night Live" in association with Broadway Video.
 Film productions, typically offshoots of Saturday Night Live' sketches, include, among others, "A Night at the Roxbury" and "Superstar".
