The Summer's Last Stand Tour is a concert tour by American band Slipknot.
 The tour primarily took place in the United States.
 The tour started on July 24, 2015 and ended on September 5, 2015.
Sy Smith is an American R&B singer, songwriter, entertainer, record producer, and actress.
 Her first concert tour was in America, where she performed in more than 9 shows in 2006.
 The next year, she embarked on another tour in North America, Conflict Tour, playing over 20 shows.
 In 2009 she embarked on a promo Soul Sista tour, performing with Conya Doss, Maya Azucena, and Yahzarah.
The I Stand tour was a tour taken by American actress and singer Idina Menzel.
The Divine Intervention Tour was the tenth concert tour by American singer, songwriter, actress, comedian, and film producer Bette Midler.
 The tour started on May 8, 2015 in Hollywood, Florida, and concluded on July 19, 2015 in London, England.
 The tour traveled through North America, specifically the United States and Canada, and Europe, specifically parts of England and Scotland.
American singer Usher has embarked on five concert tours, four of which have been worldwide.
 He first served as an opening act for Mary J. Blige, Janet Jackson, and Puff Daddy from 1997–1999.
 His solo tour debut, 8701 Evolution Tour began in North America then expanded to Europe and visiting Africa, supporting his third studio album, "8701" (2001).
 Following the release of his fourth studio album, "Confessions", Usher embarked on his next world concert venture The Truth Tour.
 For this tour Usher collaborated with MasterCard, the company gave him his own prepaid debit card with his picture on it that was sold at his concert.
 The card gave his fans access to his website where you get discounts on concert tickets and Usher merchandise, T-shirts and key chains.
 In 2008, to promote his fifth studio album, "Here I Stand", he began his 14 date at intimate clubs and theaters venues in the United States.
The Girlie Show World Tour (also referred to as simply The Girlie Show) was the fourth concert tour by American singer and songwriter Madonna, in support of her fifth studio album, "Erotica".
 The tour visited the Americas, Europe, Asia, and Australia for the first time, selling 360,000 tickets in this leg only.
 Madonna's inspiration for the name of the tour was a painting called "Girlie Show" by Edward Hopper.
 The tour is estimated to have grossed over US$70 million.
 Two separate television specials were broadcast during the tour, one made during the Japanese leg of the tour and shown only on Japanese television; "Madonna Live in Japan 1993 – The Girlie Show" and an HBO special "" which was later released in 1994 by Warner Music Vision on home video.
MDNA World Tour is the fourth live album by American singer and songwriter Madonna.
 It was released on September 6, 2013, by Interscope Records as a full concert on all formats including a double-disc CD, DVD, and Blu-ray.
 Madonna had embarked on The MDNA Tour for promotion of her twelfth studio album "MDNA".
 The tour was a commercial success although it courted a number of controversies.
 The performances at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, Florida during the North American leg of The MDNA Tour were documented for video release.
 The recording was directed by Danny B. Tull and Stephane Sennour who included footage from other shows of the tour.
The Sun Comes Out World Tour (also known as the Sale el Sol World Tour) was the fifth concert tour by Colombian singer and songwriter Shakira, launched in support of her eighth and ninth studio albums, "She Wolf" (2009) and "Sale El Sol" (2010).
 After a special tour preview show held in Montreal, Canada, on 15 September 2010, the North American leg of the tour commenced at Uncasville, Connecticut, on 17 September, and closed at Rosemont, Illinois, on 29 October 2010.
 The European leg of the tour was planned to commence at Lyon, France, on 16 November, and end in London, England, on 20 December 2010.
 The tickets for the initial dates of the European leg were soon sold out, and Shakira extended the tour into 2011, beginning by announcing a show at Paris, France; venues at countries such as Croatia, Russia, Spain and Switzerland were soon added.
 The Latin American leg of the tour was a part of the Pop Festival and visited countries like Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Bolivia were added to the tour dates.
Who's That Girl World Tour was the second concert tour by American singer and songwriter Madonna.
 The tour supported her 1986 third studio album "True Blue", as well as the 1987 soundtrack "Who's That Girl".
 It was Madonna's first world tour, reaching Asia, North America and Europe.
 Musically and technically superior to her previous initiative, the Who's That Girl Tour incorporated multimedia components to make the show more appealing.
The Barefoot at the Symphony Tour was concert tour by American actress and singer Idina Menzel.
 This marks Menzel's first concert tour after giving birth to her son Walker Nathaniel Diggs.
 The tour featured Menzel performing a diverse repoitore of classic pop, musical theater favorites—including hits from "Wicked", "Rent", "Glee", and songs from her third studio album "I Stand"—all accompanied by major symphony orchestras including the New York Philharmonic, San Francisco Symphony, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, and more, featuring symphonic arrangements by Musical Director and pianist Rob Mounsey.
