Andrea Roth (born September 30, 1967) is a Canadian actress.
 She is perhaps best known for her role as Janet Gavin, the wife of main character Tommy Gavin, on the FX television series "Rescue Me" (2004–2011), her role in "The Collector", and before that, the Diana/NeuroBrain character in "" (1994).
"Home Invasion" is the second episode of the of the television series "American Horror Story", which premiered on the network FX on October 12, 2011.
 The episode was co-written by series co-creators Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk and directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon.
The Collector is a 2009 American home invasion horror film written by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton, and directed by Dunstan.
 The script, titled "The Midnight Man", was originally intended to be a prequel to the film "Saw", but the producers opposed the idea and dismissed it.
 The film has developed a cult following.
 A sequel, "The Collection", was released in 2012.
Hostel: Part II is a 2007 American horror film written and directed by Eli Roth, and the sequel to his 2005 horror film "Hostel".
 It stars Lauren German, Roger Bart, Heather Matarazzo, Bijou Phillips, and Richard Burgi and was produced by Chris Briggs, Mike Fleiss, and Eli Roth; Boaz Yakin, Scott Spiegel, and Quentin Tarantino are executive producers.
 Like its predecessor, the film is set in Slovakia and centers on a facility in which rich clients pay to torture (to death, which is mandatory) kidnapped victims.
Strangers Within is a 2017 British home invasion horror film.
 The film stars Elana Di Troya as Sam, the daughter of a world-famous artist who is left home alone for a weekend.
 Joined by her three best friends, Sam hosts a casual gathering.
 This lasts barely an hour as one of the girls’ boyfriend arrives with two friends who have attended the gathering with an ulterior motive.
Eli Raphael Roth (born April 18, 1972) is an American film director, producer, writer, and actor.
 As a director and producer, he is most closely associated with the horror genre, first coming to prominence by directing the 2005 film "Hostel" and its 2007 sequel, "".
 As an actor, his most prominent role was as Donny "The Bear Jew" Donowitz in Quentin Tarantino's war film "Inglourious Basterds" for which he won both a SAG Award (Best Ensemble) and a BFCA Critic's Choice Award (Best Acting Ensemble).
 Journalists have included him in a group of filmmakers dubbed the Splat Pack for their explicitly violent and bloody horror films.
 In 2013, Roth received the Visionary Award for his contributions to horror, at the Stanley Film Festival.
 His most recent directorial effort was the 2015 erotic horror film "Knock Knock".
 His next project is the vigilante action film "Death Wish", a remake of the 1974 original.
Brandi Younger better known as Gripsta, is an Oakland, California born female rap artist/actress discovered by Ice-T at the age of 13.
 She was featured on song titled "Funky Gripsta" off of his 1993 album release "Home Invasion" and later signed to Tuff Break/A&M Records in the 1990s.
 Her debut single "Pop Goz the 9" was partially leaked in January 1994, its music video was directed by Ice-T.
 However Gripsta's debut single was never officially released.
 The Tuff Break label on A&M records was dropped before her scheduled release date.
 She was later featured on "The Seventh Deadly Sin", Ice-T's 7th album, Released: October 12, 1999 as well as numerous features on record label Def Jam's "The Murda Squad" album.
 She worked with many artists under that association including South Central Cartel, Spice One and Sh'killa.
 Gripsta was also featured in a principal role in the movie "Dangerous Minds" in which she played one of the many troubled teens that actress Michelle Pfeiffer sought to reform.
 Other acting credits include a guest star appearance in the "Leaving the Life" episode of the CBS television show "Promised Land", a semi popular spin-off of CBS more successful show "Touched by an Angel".
 Gripsta has since changed her name to Egypt.
Inside (French: "À l'intérieur" ) is a 2007 French home invasion horror film directed by Julien Maury and Alexandre Bustillo, starring Alysson Paradis and Béatrice Dalle.
 It was written by co-director Bustillo, and is the first feature film from either director.
 It concerns the attack and home invasion of a young pregnant woman by a mysterious stranger who seeks to take her unborn baby.
 The film received generally positive reviews from mainstream critics upon its release and was particularly well received among horror film critics, noting it for being a genuinely scary and brutally violent example of the new wave of French horror.
There is a body of films that feature home invasions. Paula Marantz Cohen says, "Such films reflect an increased fear of the erosion of distinctions between private and public space... These films also reflect a sense that the outside world is more dangerous and unpredictable than ever before."
 Home invasion films are commonly thrillers and horror films.
 The home invasion subgenre goes as far back as D. W. Griffith's 1909 film "The Lonely Villa".
Hell Is Where the Home Is is an upcoming American home invasion thriller film directed by Orson Oblowitz in his directorial debut, and written by Corey Deshon.
 The film stars Angela Trimbur, Janel Parrish, Jonathan Howard, Zach Avery, and Fairuza Balk.
