X-Wing Rogue Squadron 25: The Making of Baron Fel is the twenty-fifth issue of the "" comic book series.
 It was originally published on December 3, 1997, and later collected in the "" trade paperback, and in June 2007 will be collected in the "" trade paperback.
 The events in this story take place approximately four years after the events in "Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope".
The WTA 125K series is the secondary professional tennis circuit organised by the Women's Tennis Association.
 The 2016 WTA 125K series calendar consists of eight tournaments, each with a total prize fund of $125,000.
 After 2015, the Nanchang event was upgraded to a WTA International level tournament, and with new events starting in San Antonio, West Hempstead and Bol.
 The planned tournament in West Hempstead was then cancelled, and the tournament scheduled to take place in Carlsbad, California was moved to Oahu, Hawaii.
 Following the death of the Thai king Bhumibol Abdulyadej, the event due to take place in Hua Hin was also cancelled, in accordance with Thai tradition that sporting events cannot take place in the month after a monarch's death.
Oru Desathinte Katha (English: The Story of a Locale ) is a Malayalam novel written by S. K. Pottekkatt in 1971.
 It sketches the men and women of Athiranippadam, drawing the history of the country while detailing the micro-history of a place.
 It won the Kendra Sahitya Academy Award in 1972, and the Jnanpith Award in 1980.
The story take place in a span of about 55 years.It has a huge canvas of Athiranippadam to North India to Africa and Switzerland.
 It is a nostalgic novel and an autobiographical stance haunt the reader enormously.
Aniversario: Never Compromise was a professional wrestling internet pay-per-view (iPPV) event produced by the Chikara promotion, that took place on June 2, 2013, at the Trocadero Theatre in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 The event marked Chikara's fourth iPPV, third to take place at the Trocadero Theatre and the promotion's only event to take place in Philadelphia in 2013.
 Much like the previous iPPV, Under the Hood, Aniversario: Never Compromise also aired through Smart Mark Video.
 Aniversario: Never Compromise celebrated Chikara's eleventh anniversary and was the first anniversary event to take place on iPPV; in the past, the promotion had celebrated its anniversaries with weekends of two shows.
 The event saw all three Chikara championships being defended with one title change, where Pieces of Hate (Jigsaw and The Shard) defeated 3.0 (Scott Parker and Shane Matthews) for the Campeonatos de Parejas.
 Another major match during the event saw former Campeones de Parejas, Amasis and Ophidian, end their nineteen-month storyline rivalry in a Sarcophagus match.
 The event concluded with a major storyline development, where Chikara's authority figure Wink Vavasseur ended the event and shut down the promotion, while the main event was still going on in the ring, leading to the promotion going inactive for a full year.
Lindenstraße (literally "Lime Street") is a German television drama series, broadcast by Das Erste.
 The first episode aired on 8 December 1985 and since then new episodes have aired weekly.
 Its current timeslot on Das Erste is Sundays at 18:50.
 The events of the Sunday episode usually take place on the Thursday before the show, based on the TV station's original plan of airing the episodes Thursday night.
 Prior of the start of the show, the timeslot was switched to Sunday evening but the Thursday remained the day the events usually take place as the show shall feature the daily life routine of the protagonists on a working day.
 Exceptions are the so-called holiday episodes that take place on Sunday, such as for Christmas and Easter and also on important election days (especially the election to the German Bundestag).
The Moderns is a 1988 film by Alan Rudolph, which takes place in 1926 Paris during the period of the Lost Generation and at the height of modernist literature.
 The film stars Keith Carradine, Linda Fiorentino and John Lone among others.
Avenging Spider-Man is the title of an American comic book series published monthly by Marvel Comics, featuring the adventures of the fictional superhero Spider-Man.
 The events in the story take place in the primary continuity of the mainstream Marvel Universe along with the events of "The Amazing Spider-Man" and later "The Superior Spider-Man".
 This was the first ongoing series to feature Spider-Man as the main character besides "The Amazing Spider-Man" since the cancellation of "Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man" and the second volume of "Sensational Spider-Man" in December 2008 following the conclusion of the "" storyline.
 "Avenging Spider-Man" has also been instrumental in Marvel's shift towards including codes to receive free digital copies of the comic with purchased print comic books.
Gunnars þáttr Þiðrandabana ("The Short Saga of Gunnar, Thidrandi's Killer") is a short saga (or þáttr) written in Old Norse in medieval Iceland.
 The events of the story take place in the Viking Age and concern Gunnar, a Norwegian merchant, who avenges his host's death in Iceland's Eastern Region, and must elude his enemies until he can safely escape the country.
The Clue of the Velvet Mask is the thirtieth volume in the original "Nancy Drew Mystery Stories" series.
 It was Mildred Benson's final ghostwrite for the series.
 The plot and story take place largely in Nancy's hometown of River Heights.
 Nancy tries to solve a mystery about a gang of event thieves robbing homes during parties, lectures, musicals, and other social occasions planned or catered by Lightner's Entertainment Company.
 Much of the original story contains elements of dramatic crime dramas; the villains are darker in tone than many other entries in the series.
Teknivals (the word is a portmanteau of the words tekno and festival) are large free parties which take place worldwide.
 They take place most often in Europe and are often illegal under various national or regional laws.
 They vary in size from dozens to thousands of people, depending on factors such as accessibility, reputation, weather, and law enforcement.
 The parties often take place in venues far away from residential areas such as squatted warehouses, empty military bases, beaches, forests or fields.
 The teknival phenomenon is a grassroots movement which has grown out of the rave, UK traveller and Burning Man scenes and spawned an entire subculture.
 Summer is the usual season for teknivals.
