Dissidia Final Fantasy NT is a fighting game with action RPG elements for the PlayStation 4, developed by Koei Tecmo's Team Ninja and published by Square Enix.
 The game is a follow-up to "Dissidia Final Fantasy" and "Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy", released for PlayStation Portable, and similarly allows players to battle one another using many characters from the "Final Fantasy" series.
 The game is a console port of the Japanese arcade title Dissidia Final Fantasy , which was released on November 26, 2015, and is scheduled to be released worldwide on January 30, 2018.
Ivalice (イヴァリース , Ivarīsu ) is a fictional universe setting primarily appearing in the "Final Fantasy" video game series.
 The world was co-created by Yasumi Matsuno and Hiroyuki Ito in 1995, and has since been expanded upon by several games as the "Ivalice Alliance" series.
 Ivalice is described as a complex world with a very long history, and the stories of "Final Fantasy Tactics", "Vagrant Story" and "Final Fantasy XII" are said to unfold quite close on the Ivalice map.
Final Fantasy Mystic Quest, released as Mystic Quest Legend in PAL regions and as Final Fantasy USA: Mystic Quest (ファイナルファンタジーUSA ミスティッククエスト , Fainaru Fantajī Yū Esu Ē Misutikku Kuesuto ) in Japan, is a role-playing video game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
 The game was released as a spin-off to Square's popular "Final Fantasy" series of video games.
 "Final Fantasy Mystic Quest" was first released in North America in 1992 and marketed as a "simplified role-playing game...designed for the entry-level player" in an attempt to broaden the genre's appeal.
 The game's presentation and battle system is broadly similar to that of the main series, but it differed in its inclusion of action-adventure game elements.
 "Final Fantasy Mystic Quest" was the first "Final Fantasy" game to be released in Europe.
The music of the video game "Final Fantasy IV" was composed by regular series composer Nobuo Uematsu.
 The "Final Fantasy IV Original Sound Version", a compilation of almost all of the music in the game, was released by Square Co./NTT Publishing, and subsequently re-released by NTT Publishing.
 It was released in North America by Tokyopop as "Final Fantasy IV Official Soundtrack: Music from Final Fantasy Chronicles", with one additional track.
 It has since been re-released multiple times with slight changes as part of the "Final Fantasy Finest Box" and as "Final Fantasy IV DS OST".
 An arranged album entitled "Final Fantasy IV Celtic Moon", containing a selection of musical tracks from the game performed in the style of Celtic music by Máire Breatnach, was released by Square and later re-released by NTT Publishing.
 Additionally, a collection of piano arrangements composed by Nobuo Uematsu and played by Toshiyuki Mori titled "Piano Collections Final Fantasy IV" was released by NTT Publishing.
The literature of science fiction and fantasy is extensive and includes many subgenres which includes artificial intelligence as a recurrent theme in science fiction.
 As a subgenre of science fiction, the fiction of artificial intelligence (AI) also applies the sub-themes of utopian and dystopian themes to its plots.
 Artificial intelligence (AI) is a common topic of science fiction.
 Science fiction sometimes emphasizes the dangers of artificial intelligence, and sometimes its positive potential.
The music for the MMORPG "Final Fantasy XIV" was composed by Nobuo Uematsu, a regular contributor to the music of the "Final Fantasy" series.
 Several other composers including Masayoshi Soken and Naoshi Mizuta contributed music for updates to the game.
 The music for the game's reboot, "", was primarily composed by Soken, who was the sound director for both releases of the game.
 Music from both releases of the game has been released in several albums, though no album contains music from both "XIV" and "A Realm Reborn".
 A pair of mini-albums containing a handful of selected tracks from "XIV", "Final Fantasy XIV: Battle Tracks" and "Final Fantasy XIV: Field Tracks", were released by Square Enix in 2010 when "XIV" first launched.
 A soundtrack album titled "Final Fantasy XIV - Eorzean Frontiers", containing most of the music that had been released by that point for "XIV", was digitally released in 2012.
 A final soundtrack album for the original release of the game, "Before Meteor: Final Fantasy XIV Original Soundtrack", was released in 2013 just before the launch of "A Realm Reborn", and contains all of the music that was composed for "XIV" throughout its lifetime.
 The latest soundtrack album, "Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn Original Soundtrack", was released in 2014, and contains all of the music for "A Realm Reborn" released up to that point.
"Final Fantasy XV", an action role-playing video game released in November 2016, is the fifteenth main installment in the "Final Fantasy" series, and is thematically connected to "Fabula Nova Crystallis Final Fantasy", a subseries of games linked by a common mythos which includes "Final Fantasy XIII" and "Final Fantasy Type-0".
 The world and main characters were created by Tetsuya Nomura, the game's original director.
 Nomura also designed the main characters, with later revisions and additional characters being designed by Yusuke Naora: other character designers involved with the game included Roberto Ferrari and Yusaku Nakaaki.
Hiroyuki Ito (伊藤 裕之 , Itō Hiroyuki ) , also credited with the spelling Hiroyuki Itou, is a Japanese game producer, director and designer who works for Square Enix.
 He is known as the director of "Final Fantasy VI" (1994), "Final Fantasy IX" (2000) and "Final Fantasy XII" (2006) and as the creator of the Active Time Battle (ATB) system in the "Final Fantasy" series.
Final Fantasy XII (ファイナルファンタジーXII , Fainaru Fantajī Tuerubu ) is a fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 2 home video console.
 Released in 2006, it is the twelfth title in the mainline "Final Fantasy" series.
 The game introduced several innovations to the series: an open world split into zones, a seamless battle system, a controllable camera, a customizable "gambit" system which lets the player control the artificial intelligence (AI) of characters in battle; and a "license" system that determines which abilities and equipment are used by characters.
 "Final Fantasy XII" also includes elements from previous games in the series, such as Chocobos and Moogles.
Research in artificial intelligence (AI) is known to have impacted medical diagnosis, stock trading, robot control, and several other fields.
 Perhaps less popular is the contribution of AI in the field of music.
 Nevertheless, artificial intelligence and music (AIM) has, for a long time, been a common subject in several conferences and workshops, including the International Computer Music Conference, the Computing Society Conference and the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence.
 In fact, the first International Computer Music Conference was the ICMC 1974, Michigan State University, East Lansing, USA
