Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack album to the 1991 Disney animated feature film, "Beauty and the Beast".
 Originally released on October 29, 1991, by Walt Disney Records, the album's first half – tracks 2 to 9 – generally contains the film's musical numbers, all of which were written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Howard Ashman, while its latter half – tracks 10 to 14 – features its musical score, composed solely by Menken.
 While the majority of the album's content remains within the musical theatre genre, its songs have also been influenced by French, classical, pop and Broadway music.
 Credited to Various Artists, "Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" features performances by the film's main cast – Paige O'Hara, Richard White, Jesse Corti, Jerry Orbach, Angela Lansbury and Robby Benson – in order of appearance.
 Additionally, the album features recording artists Celine Dion and Peabo Bryson, who perform a pop rendition of the film's title and theme song, "Beauty and the Beast", which simultaneously serves as the soundtrack's only single.
The Sword in the Stone is a 1963 American animated musical fantasy comedy film produced by Walt Disney and released by Buena Vista Distribution.
 The 18th Disney animated feature film, it was the final Disney animated film to be released before Walt Disney's death.
 The songs in the film were written and composed by the Sherman Brothers, who later wrote music for other Disney films like "Mary Poppins" (1964), "The Jungle Book" (1967), "The Aristocats" (1970), and "Bedknobs and Broomsticks" (1971).
The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a 1996 American animated musical drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation for Walt Disney Pictures.
 The 34th Disney animated feature film, the film is based on Victor Hugo's novel of the same name.
 The plot centers on Quasimodo, the deformed bell-ringer of Notre Dame, and his struggle to gain acceptance into society.
 Directed by Kirk Wise and Gary Trousdale and produced by Don Hahn, the film's voice cast features Tom Hulce, Demi Moore, Tony Jay, Kevin Kline, Paul Kandel, Jason Alexander, Charles Kimbrough, David Ogden Stiers, and Mary Wickes in her final film role.
Beauty and the Beast is a 1991 American animated musical romantic fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 The 30th Disney animated feature film and the third released during the Disney Renaissance period, it is based on the French fairy tale of the same name by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont (who was also credited in the English version as well as in the French version), and ideas from the 1946 French film of the same name directed by Jean Cocteau.
 "Beauty and the Beast" focuses on the relationship between the Beast (voice of Robby Benson), a prince who is magically transformed into a monster and his servants into household objects as punishment for his arrogance, and Belle (voice of Paige O'Hara), a young woman whom he imprisons in his castle.
 To become a prince again, Beast must learn to love Belle and earn her love in return to avoid remaining a monster forever.
 The film also features the voices of Richard White, Jerry Orbach, David Ogden Stiers, and Angela Lansbury.
Hercules is a 1997 American animated musical fantasy comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation for Walt Disney Pictures.
 The 35th Disney animated feature film, the film was directed by Ron Clements and John Musker.
 The film is loosely based on the legendary hero Heracles (known in the film by his Roman name, Hercules), the son of Zeus, in Greek mythology.
 The film also featured the first positive portrayal of African American women in a Disney animated film.
Home on the Range is a 2004 American animated musical western comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 The 45th Disney animated feature film, it was the last 2D animated Disney film released until "The Princess and the Frog" in 2009.
 Named after the popular country song of the same name, "Home on the Range" features the voices of Roseanne Barr, Judi Dench, Jennifer Tilly, Cuba Gooding Jr., Randy Quaid, and Steve Buscemi.
 The film is set in the Old West, and centers on a mismatched trio of dairy cows—brash, adventurous Maggie; prim, proper Mrs. Caloway; and ditzy, happy-go-lucky Grace.
 The three cows must capture an infamous cattle rustler named Alameda Slim for his bounty in order to save their idyllic farm from foreclosure.
 Aiding them in their quest is Lucky Jack, a feisty, peg-legged rabbit, but a selfish horse named Buck, eagerly working in the service of Rico, a famous bounty hunter, seeks the glory for himself.
In the history of The Walt Disney Company, the Disney Renaissance refers to the era from 1989 to 1999 during which Walt Disney Feature Animation (renamed Walt Disney Animation Studios in 2006) experienced a creative resurgence in producing successful animated films based on well-known stories, which restored public and critical interest in The Walt Disney Company as a whole.
 During this era, the studio produced and released ten animated films: "The Little Mermaid" (1989), "The Rescuers Down Under" (1990), "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), "The Lion King" (1994), "Pocahontas" (1995), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), "Hercules" (1997), "Mulan" (1998) and "Tarzan" (1999).
"Human Again" is a song originally written for, deleted from, and later restored to the 1991 Disney animated musical "Beauty and the Beast".
 With music by Alan Menken and lyrics by Howard Ashman, "Human Again" was replaced during production of the original 1991 version of the film by "Something There", but retained and revised by Menken and new lyricist Tim Rice for the 1994 stage musical adaptation of "Beauty and the Beast".
 A newly produced sequence featuring "Human Again" was added to the "Beauty and the Beast" animated film for its 2002 IMAX Special Edition and subsequent DVD, VHS, and Blu-Ray home releases.
Sleeping Beauty is a 1959 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney based on "The Sleeping Beauty" by Charles Perrault.
 The 16th Disney animated feature film, it was released to theaters on January 29, 1959, by Buena Vista Distribution.
 This was the last Disney adaptation of a fairy tale for some years because of its initial mixed critical reception and underperformance at the box office; the studio did not return to the genre until 30 years later, after Walt Disney died in 1966, with the release of "The Little Mermaid" (1989).
Belle's Magical World (also known as Beauty and the Beast: Belle's Magical World) is a 1998 direct-to-video animated musical film produced by Walt Disney Television Animation, and released by Walt Disney Home Video) on February 17, 1998.
 The film is a followup to the 1991 Walt Disney Pictures animated feature film "Beauty and the Beast", features the voices of David Ogden Stiers as Cogsworth, Robby Benson as The Beast, Gregory Grudt, who replaced Bradley Michael Pearce as Chip Potts, Paige O'Hara as Belle, Anne Rogers, who replaced Angela Lansbury as Mrs. Potts, Jerry Orbach as Lumiere.
 The film features two songs performed by Belle, "Listen With Our Hearts" and "A Little Thought."
 This storyline is set within the timeline of the original "Beauty and the Beast" (after Christmas but before the fight against Gaston).
