Titi Kwan () is a Hong Kong born, Paris-based fashion designer and wardrobe stylist.
 From the mid-1990s he worked closely with Chinese singer/actress Faye Wong as her stylist before moving to Paris to become a full-time designer in the early 2010s.
Approached by Tom Ford himself, Rosemin Manji learned from the best from the very beginning: “I learned more with Tom Ford than I did in university: managing people, the design process, brand management, and business.
 The people I worked with went on to become some of the best designers in the world: Clare Waight Keller, Stefano Pilati, Frida Giannini, Alessandra Facchinietti, Christpher Bailey”, claims Manji.
 She then was appointed as the European PR Director at Juicy Couture, setting up the first office and showroom outside America, and responsible for remaking the image of the brand beyond tracksuits, she worked closely with high-end magazines and dressed well known personalities including Gwyneth Paltrow, Kate Moss, Madonna, Kate Winslet, Queen Rania of Jordan and Sienna Miller.
 Manji moved to Dubai in 2007, where she started her own multi-brand showroom representing Givenchy, Tom Ford and Christian Louboutin, offering a plethora of services including styling, brand advisory and niche events.
 She also worked directly with Hermes, Prada, Chanel and Roger Vivier on special projects.
Michael Posluns (1941-) is a journalist and researcher in Canada.
 While a student at Carleton University, Posluns got involved in social justice issues, later joining the Company of Young Canadians.
 He went to Akwesasne where he worked with Rarihokwats and Ernie Benedict on publishing "Akewsasne notes" a local newspaper that ran from 1969-1996.
 He also became a self-trained court worker, assisting locals to navigate the legal system.
 In the mid-1970s, he served as a parliamentary adviser to the National Indian Brotherhood (known today as the Assembly of First Nations), working with George Manual.
 He also worked with the Dene Nation and others on governance, land claims, mercury poisoning and other issues.
 Posluns completed a PhD at York University in 2002 and his dissertation is entitled "The Public Emergence of the Vocabulary of First Nations Self-Government."
 He is the author of numerous other articles and books and he is co-author with George Manuel of 'The Fourth World: An Indian Reality' (1974) and with David Nahwegahbow and Douglas Sanders of 'The First Nations and the Crown: A Study in Trust Relationships' (1983).
 Posluns is an important figure in raising the profile of indigenous rights in Canada.
 He worked closely with George Manuel to advance self-government and indigenous political rights and their work had significant impact on the work of future political actors.
 In speaking to the Globe and Mail in 2013 Posluns cited some of his early advocacy work in the 1970s involved changing the language the government used to refer to indigenous peoples.
 For example members of Canadian parliament would refer to activist Kahnitenata Horn as a "Mohawk princess," demonstrating an ignorance of the democratic governance structures of the Haudenosaunee Confederacy.
 Posluns continues to advocate on issues related to governance and challenging myths and problematic language related to indigenous peoples of Canada.
Kouchner was born in Avignon, to a Jewish father and a Protestant mother, he began his political career as a member of the French Communist Party (PCF), from which he was expelled in 1966 for attempting to overthrow the leadership.
 On a visit to Cuba in 1964, Kouchner spent the night fishing and drinking with Fidel Castro.
 In the protests of May 1968, he ran the medical faculty strike committee at the Sorbonne.
 Kouchner has three children (Julie, Camille and Antoine) by his first wife, Évelyne Pisier, a professor of law, and one child, Alexandre, by his present wife Christine Ockrent, a television journalist.
 He worked as a physician for the Red Cross in Biafra in 1968 (during the Nigerian Civil War).
 His experience as a physician for the Red Cross led him to co-found Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) in 1971, and then, due to a conflict of opinion with MSF chairman Claude Malhuret, he established "Doctors of the World" ('Médecins du Monde') in 1980.
 Kouchner worked as a humanitarian volunteer during the Siege of Naba’a refugee camp in Lebanon in East Beirut during the Lebanese Civil War taking risks that "other foreign aid workers weren’t, even worked closely with the Shia cleric Imam Musa al-Sadr".
Sir Edward Coley Burne-Jones, 1st Baronet {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (28 August 183317 June 1898) was a British artist and designer closely associated with the later phase of the Pre-Raphaelite movement, who worked closely with William Morris on a wide range of decorative arts as a founding partner in Morris, Marshall, Faulkner & Co.
 Burne-Jones was closely involved in the rejuvenation of the tradition of stained glass art in Britain; his stained glass works include the windows of St. Philip's Cathedral, Birmingham, St Martin in the Bull Ring, Birmingham, Holy Trinity Church, Sloane Square, Chelsea, St Martin's Church in Brampton, Cumbria (the church designed by Philip Webb), St Michael's Church, Brighton, All Saints, Jesus Lane, Cambridge, St Edmund Hall and Christ Church, two colleges of the University of Oxford.
 His stained glass works also feature in St. Anne's Church, Brown Edge, Staffordshire Moorlands and St.Edward the Confessor church at Cheddleton Staffordshire.
Shizuko Hoshi is a Japanese-American actress and theatre director living in Southern California.
 She is a graduate of Tokyo Women's College and University of Southern California.
 She was married to actor Mako Iwamatsu, the founding Artistic Director of East West Players in Los Angeles, and worked closely with the Asian American theatre company from 1965 to 1989.
Islington Studios often known as Gainsborough Studios were a British film studio located on the south bank of the Regent's Canal, in Poole Street, Hoxton in the former Metropolitan Borough of Shoreditch, London between 1919 and 1949.
 The studios are closely associated with Gainsborough Pictures which was based there for most of the studio's history.
 During its existence Islington worked closely with its sister Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush and many films were made partly at one studio and partly at the other.
 Amongst the films made at the studios were Alfred Hitchcock thrillers, Will Hay comedies and Gainsborough Melodramas.
Hermann Zilcher (born August 18, 1881 in Frankfurt am Main; † 1 January 1948 in Würzburg) was a German composer, pianist, conductor and music teacher.
 He was the father of actress Eva Zilcher (1920-1994) and the conductor Heinz Reinhart Zilcher (1906-1967).
Zilcher received early piano lessons from his father, the composer and piano pedagogue Paul Zilcher (1855-1943), who was known as a composer of didactic piano and chamber music.
 The son studied from 1897 at the Dr. Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt, piano with James Kwast, counterpoint and morphology with Iwan Knorr and composition with Bernhard Scholz.
 At graduation he was awarded the Mozart Prize.
 In Frankfurt.
 In 1901 he moved to Berlin, where he quickly established himself mainly as a pianist for singers and instrumentalists, with concert tours, which made him internationally known in the US and in Europe.
 In 1905 he returned to Frankfurt as a piano teacher at the Dr. Hoch Conservatory.
 In 1908 he was appointed by Felix Mottl as a piano professor and in 1916 as a composition professor at the Academy of Music in Munich.
 In Munich, he worked closely with the head of the Munich Kammerspiele, Otto Falckenberg (1873-1947), for whom he wrote incidental music.
 In 1920 he became director of the Bavarian State Conservatory in Würzburg, and founded in 1922, the Würzburg Mozart Festival, which soon became internationally famous.
 For these accomplishments Zilcher was appointed in 1924 Privy Councillor by the Bavarian government and the University of Würzburg awarded him an honorary doctorate.
Pineros y Campesinos Unidos del Noroeste (in English, Northwest Treeplanters and Farmworkers United), more commonly known by the acronym PCUN, is the largest Latino union in the state of Oregon.
 PCUN is located in Woodburn, Oregon.
 According to the "Statesman Journal", the meetings which led to the formation of PCUN were held at Colegio Cesar Chavez, the nation's first fully accredited and independent Latino college.
 PCUN was founded in 1977 by Cipriano Ferrel, who graduated from Colegio Cesar Chavez and worked closely with Cesar Chavez himself.
 Ferrel was motivated to create the organization after an increase in immigration raids in Oregon.PCUN has organized the creation of migrant housing and farmworker housing.
 Cipriano Ferrel worked closely with Cesar Chavez.
Vera June Miles (née Ralston, born August 23, 1929) is an American actress who worked closely with Alfred Hitchcock, most notably as Lila Crane in the classic 1960 film "Psycho", reprising the role in the 1983 sequel "Psycho II".
 Other films in which she appeared include "The Wrong Man", "The Searchers", "Follow Me, Boys!
", "Tarzan's Hidden Jungle" and "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance".
