Donald Richard "Don" DeLillo (born November 20, 1936) is an American novelist, playwright and essayist.
 His works have covered subjects as diverse as television, nuclear war, sports, the complexities of language, performance art, the Cold War, mathematics, the advent of the digital age, politics, economics, and global terrorism.
HP Newquist is an American author whose books cover a wide range of topics, from medicine to music.
 He has also worked as an editor, musician, industry analyst, and video director.
The International Policy Statement of Canada is a policy statement, released on April 19, 2005, declaring Canada’s intentions, attitudes, and plans to increase its global engagement in international security and foreign relations.
 Specifically, Canada’s International Policy Statement focuses on diplomacy, development, defense, and commerce.
 According to the statement, Canada's defensive involvement will increase interaction with; rising global powers, fragile and failed states, putting emphasis on protection.
 The section on Canadian defense also includes combating the threat of global terrorism, renewing attention to peace operations, and expanding the defense of North America.
 The International Policy Statement's main development goal focuses on global poverty reduction.
 The commerce section outlines Canada's efforts to become a more active member of the global economy and the plan to cut and eventually cancel the national debt.
 Canada's interest in becoming a bigger part of the international community is motivated by past events such as its lack of influence in the Cold War and the recent rise in global Terrorism.
Charles Scribner III (January 26, 1890 – February 11, 1952), also known as Charles Scribner, Jr., was president of Charles Scribner's Sons publishing company starting in 1932.
The Scribner House is located on Roe Avenue in Cornwall, New York, United States.
 It was built in 1910 as the main house for the summer estate of New York City publishing executive Charles Scribner II, one of Charles Scribner's Sons.
The Short Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald is a compilation of 43 short stories by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
 It was edited by Matthew J. Bruccoli and published by Charles Scribner's Sons in 1989.
 It begins with a foreword by Charles Scribner II and a preface written by Bruccoli, after which the stories follow in chronological order of publication.
Charles Scribner is the name of several members of a New York publishing family associated with Charles Scribner's Sons:
"The Ice Palace" is a modernist short story written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and published in The Saturday Evening Post, 22 May 1920.
 It is one of eight short stories originally published in Fitzgerald's first collection, "Flappers and Philosophers" (New York City: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1920), and is also included in the collection "Babylon Revisited and Other Stories" (New York City: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1960).
Charles Scribner IV (July 13, 1921 – November 11, 1995), also known as Charles Scribner, Jr., was the head of the Charles Scribner's Sons publishing company.
 He was a resident of Manhattan for most of his adult life, establishing a residence in the upper east side area after 1945, when he was twenty-four.
Scribner's Magazine was an American periodical published by the publishing house of Charles Scribner's Sons from January 1887 to May 1939.
 "Scribner's Magazine" was the second magazine out of the Scribner's firm, after the publication of "Scribner's Monthly".
 Charles Scribner's Sons spent over $500,000 setting up the magazine, to compete with the already successful "Harper's Monthly" and "The Atlantic Monthly".
 "Scribner's Magazine" was launched in 1887, and was the first of any magazine to introduce color illustrations.
 The magazine ceased publication in 1939.
