Celebrity Blackjack is a television show where celebrities played tournament style blackjack for charity.
 The show, which ran on Game Show Network, was hosted by Matt Vasgersian (and Alex Borstein in the first season).
 Dave Stann was the dealer.
 Season 1 aired weekly from July 5 through August 9, 2004.
 Season 2 premiered October 12, 2004 and ran weekly through January 11, 2005.
The World Series of Blackjack is a televised blackjack tournament created and produced by the cable network GSN.
 It is a closed tournament; players are either invited to play or can attempt to win a spot via a satellite tournament.
 Rounds are edited into 1-hour episodes and broadcast on GSN.
 Matt Vasgersian and Max Rubin provided commentary for the first two seasons.
 Tiki Arsenault was the dealer for Season 1 as Deanna Bacon was the dealer for Seasons 2 and 3 while Jessica Knight was the dealer for Season 4.
Max Rubin is a gambling expert and author best known for his book "Comp City: A Guide to Free Gambling Vacations".
 The book teaches players how to maximize casino perks with little actual wagering.
 Rubin is also a gambling analyst for television.
 He served as commentator for the first two seasons of the GSN "World Series of Blackjack" along with Matt Vasgersian and co-hosts the "Ultimate Blackjack Tour" with Nick GAS' Mati Moralejo on CBS.
 Rubin is a member of the Blackjack Hall of Fame and hosts the annual Blackjack Ball.
Baseball IQ is an American television game show airing on the cable channel MLB Network.
 The show debuted on January 24, 2012 and its first season is scheduled to end on February 23, 2012 with the season championship.
 The show is hosted by MLB Network anchor Matt Vasgersian.
 The show's focus is baseball trivia.
Matt Vasgersian was a regular announcer.
 Dick Stockton and Josh Lewin were also regular fill in announcers.
 Leo Mazzone was as a fill in color commentator.
Appearances of Argentine Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara (1928–1967) in popular culture are common throughout the world.
 Although during his lifetime he was a highly politicized and controversial figure, in death his stylized image has been transformed into a worldwide emblem for an array of causes, representing a complex mesh of sometimes conflicting narratives.
 Che Guevara's image is viewed as everything from an inspirational icon of revolution, to a retro and vintage logo.
 Most commonly he is represented by a facial caricature originally by Irish artist Jim Fitzpatrick and based on Alberto Korda's famous 1960 photograph titled "Guerrillero Heroico".
 The evocative simulacra abbreviation of the photographic portrait allowed for easy reproduction and instant recognizability across various uses.
 For many around the world, Che has become a generic symbol of the underdog, the idealist, the iconoclast, or the martyr.
 He has become, as author Michael Casey notes in "Che's Afterlife: The Legacy of an Image", "the quintessential postmodern icon signifying anything to anyone and everything to everyone."
Daron Sutton (born October 21, 1969) is the former television play-by-play voice of Major League Baseball's Arizona Diamondbacks and Arizona State Sun Devils men's basketball.
 Sutton is also the son of former pitching great and Hall of Famer Don Sutton.
 Prior to moving to Arizona, he served for five years as the television voice of the Milwaukee Brewers, and prior to coming to Milwaukee in 2002, he was one of the radio voices of the then-Anaheim Angels, working alongside current Detroit Tigers television play-by-play broadcaster Mario Impemba.
 Sutton replaced play-by-play voice Matt Vasgersian (who left to become the TV voice of the San Diego Padres).
MLB 13: The Show is a Major League Baseball video game which was published by Sony Computer Entertainment and developed by Sony San Diego.
 The game was released on March 5, 2013 for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita.
 It is the second installment of the series to be fully compatible with PlayStation Move.
 The play-by play is done once again by Matt Vasgersian and Eric Karros along with a new commentator, Steve Lyons.
Matthew Edward "Matt" Vasgersian (born September 28, 1967) is an American sportscaster and television host.
 Vasgersian is currently a play-by-play announcer for Fox Sports' coverage of Major League Baseball, as well as a studio host for the MLB Network.
 In the past he has served as an announcer for Fox Sports' National Football League coverage, NBC Sports' coverage of the Olympic Games, and NBC Sports' coverage of the short lived XFL.
 He formerly called play-by-play for the Milwaukee Brewers and the San Diego Padres.
Thursday Night Baseball (formally known as MLB Network Showcase) is the title of a presentation of Major League Baseball on cable and satellite channel MLB Network (self-produced by MLB Network), that premiered on April 9, 2009.
 Longtime NBC Sports broadcaster Bob Costas is one of the play-by-play voices of the broadcasts.
 Matt Vasgersian also does play-by-play on some games.
 Jim Kaat, John Smoltz, and Tom Verducci provide color commentary.
 The network produces 26 non-exclusive live games a year during baseball season.
 Since one or both teams' local TV rights holders also carry the games, the MLB Network feed is subject to local blackouts.
 In that event, the cities in the blacked-out markets will instead see a simulcast of another scheduled game via one team's local TV rights holder.
