The 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, officially known as the Singapore 2010 Youth Olympic Games (YOG), were an international multi-sport event held in Singapore from 14 to 26 August 2010.
 The event was the inaugural Youth Olympic Games, and it saw 3,531 athletes between 14 and 18 years of age competing in 201 events in 26 sports.
 This medal table ranks the 204 participating National Olympic Committees (NOCs) by the number of gold medals won by their athletes.
 The Kuwait Olympic Committee was suspended by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) prior to the Games, but Kuwaiti athletes were allowed to participate and the country is listed in the table, bearing the Olympic flag.
The 1996 Summer Olympics, known officially as the Games of the XXVI Olympiad and unofficially as the Centennial Olympic Games, was a major international multi-sport event that took place in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, from July 19 to August 4, 1996.
 A record 197 nations, all current IOC member nations, took part in the Games, comprising 10,318 athletes.
 The International Olympic Committee voted in 1986 to separate the Summer and Winter Games, which had been held in the same year since 1924, and place them in alternating even-numbered years, beginning in 1994.
 The 1996 Summer Games were the first to be staged in a different year from the Winter Games.
 Atlanta became the fifth American city to host the Olympic Games and the third to hold a Summer Olympic Games.
The 2012 Summer Olympics, formally the Games of the XXX Olympiad and commonly known as London 2012, was a major international multi-sport event celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games, as governed by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
 It took place in London and to a lesser extent across the United Kingdom from 25 July to 12 August 2012.
 The first event, the group stage in women's football began on 25 July at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, followed by the opening ceremonies on 27 July.
 10,768 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) participated.
The 1948 Summer Olympics (also known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad) was an international multi-sport event held from July 29 through August 14, 1948, in London, United Kingdom.
 It was the first Olympic Games to take place in twelve years, due to the Second World War (and was known informally as "The Austerity Games" - largely due to countries having to bring their own food due to shortages in Britain), with London being chosen as the host city in March 1946.
 London had previously hosted the 1908 Summer Olympics, and was due to have hosted the event in 1944.
 A record 59 nations were represented by 4,104 athletes, 3,714 men and 385 women, in 19 sport disciplines.
 Following the Second World War, Germany and Japan remained under military occupation and had not yet formed their National Olympic Committee, and so were not invited.
 The only major Axis power to take part in the Games was Italy.
 The Soviet Union also did not form a National Olympic Committee and was ineligible to be invited to compete.
 However, they did send observers and competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
 Following the threats of a boycott from Arab countries should an Israeli team fly their flag at the opening ceremony, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) excluded Israel from the Games on a technicality.
The 2012 Winter Youth Olympic Games (German: "Olympische Jugend-Winterspiele 2012"), officially known as the I Winter Youth Olympic Games (YOG), were an international multi-sport event for youths that took place in Innsbruck, on 13–22 January 2012.
 They were the inaugural Winter Youth Olympics, a major sports and cultural festival celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games.
 Approximately 1100 athletes from 70 countries competed.
 The decision for Innsbruck to host the Games was announced on 12 December 2008 after mail voting by 105 International Olympic Committee (IOC) members.
 Innsbruck is the first city to host three winter Olympic events, having previously hosted the 1964 Winter Olympics and the 1976 Winter Olympics.
The Youth Olympic Games (YOG) is an international multi-sport event organized by the International Olympic Committee.
 The games are held every four years in staggered summer and winter events consistent with the current Olympic Games format.
 The first summer version was held in Singapore from 14 to 26 August 2010 while the first winter version was held in Innsbruck, Austria from 13 to 22 January 2012.
 The age limitation of the athletes is 14 to 18.
 The idea of such an event was introduced by Johann Rosenzopf from Austria in 1998.
 On 6 July 2007, International Olympic Committee (IOC) members at the 119th IOC session in Guatemala City approved the creation of a youth version of the Olympic Games, with the intention of sharing the costs of hosting the event between the IOC and the host city, whereas the traveling costs of athletes and coaches were to be paid by the IOC.
 These Games will also feature cultural exchange programs and opportunities for participants to meet Olympic athletes.
The 2020 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXII Olympiad and commonly known as Tokyo 2020, is a major international multi-sport event due to be celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games as governed by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The Olympic Games are an international multi-sport event featuring both summer and winter sports, held every two years with Summer and Winter Olympic Games alternating.
 During Olympic Games opening ceremonies, the sitting president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) will make a speech before inviting a representative from the host country to officially declare that particular Games open.
 The current Olympic Charter requires this person to be the head of state of the host country, although this has not always been the case.
 This article lists the people who have had the ceremonial duty to declare each Olympic Games open.
The Summer Olympic Games (French: "Jeux olympiques d'été" ) or the Games of the Olympiad, first held in 1896, is an international multi-sport event that is hosted by a different city every four years.
 The most recent Olympics were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
 The International Olympic Committee organizes the games and oversees the host city's preparations.
 In each Olympic event, gold medals are awarded for first place, silver medals are awarded for second place, and bronze medals are awarded for third; this tradition began in 1904.
 The Winter Olympic Games were created due to the success of the Summer Olympics.
The 1906 Intercalated Games or 1906 Olympic Games was an international multi-sport event that was celebrated in Athens, Greece.
 They were at the time considered to be Olympic Games and were referred to as the "Second International Olympic Games in Athens" by the International Olympic Committee.
 Whilst medals were distributed to the participants during these games, the medals are not officially recognized by the IOC today and are not displayed with the collection of Olympic medals at the Olympic Museum in Lausanne, Switzerland.
