Neyveli Santhanagopalan (born 1963) is an Indian Carnatic vocalist.
Charanams is a world music carnatic jazz band that presents a unique blend of South Indian carnatic music and jazz music.
 Charanams band presents musical compositions of carnatic musician Nivedita ShivRaj.
 These music compositions are based on South Indian Carnatic music with jazz improvisations.
 The compositions do not have any lyrics, but contains carnatic music solfege.
Anil Srinivasan (born June 3, 1977) is a classical pianist from India.
 Born in Chennai, India and educated at the University of Southern California and at Columbia University, New York, he is well known for his collaborative work with Carnatic vocalist Sikkil Gurucharan.
 Equally known is his pioneering work in music education in South India.
Dr. Annavarapu Ramaswamy (born 23 March 1926) is an Indian Classical Carnatic Violin Vidwan and Guru, whose musical journey entered into 9th decade.
 He is in the fourth line of direct disciples in Guru Shishya parampara of the Great Musician Saint Thyagaraja and is a disciple of Sri Parupalli Ramakrishnayya Pantulu.
 Both, Dr.M.Balamuralikrishna and him are very close friends, companions, classmates, learned carnatic music under the same guru Sri Parupalli Ramakrishnayya Pantulu.
 They performed many concerts together throughout the world.
 Many stalwarts in carnatic music, wanted and appreciated him as an accompaniment in their concerts in yesteryears.
 He accompanied top ranked legendary stalwart musicians of India, carnatic musicians such as his guru, Sri Parupalli Ramakrishnayya Pantulu,  Dr. Mangalampalli Balamurali Krishna, Sri Arayakudi Ramanuja Iyyengar, Sri Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar, Sri G. N. Balasubramaniam, Sri Semmamgudi Srinivasa Iyyer, T. R. Maralingam, Sri S.Balachandar etc..
.
; and Hindustani Musicians - Pandit Vinayakarao Pathvardhan, Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, Pandit Jasraj, etc., on many Prestigious National and International venues.
 He came up with his own style of performing solo concerts on Violin & Viola.
 He invented new Ragas & Talams such as Vandana Ragam, SriDurga Ragam and Tinetradi Tala and Vedadi Tala.
 He had written and composed many Varnams and Kritis.
 He is a notable guru, taught many students, who are in successful positions such as Violin Vasu, Flute Phani, V.L.Tulasi Viswanath (carnatic vocalist), Peravali Nanda Kumar (Violinist), etc., For the past 7 to 8 decades, he has been doing free service to the society such as teaching students at free of cost.
 He propagated the magnificence of his performances, teachings, demonstrations and Lectures on Music in countries such as U. S. A, Canada, European Countries (U. K, France etc.) and Asian Countries (Muscat, Bahrain, Dubai, Singapore, Malaysia, Doha, Srilanka, etc.,)
Nedunuri Krishnamurthy (10 October 1927 – 8 December 2014) was an Indian Carnatic vocalist.
 He was awarded the Madras Music Academy's Sangeetha Kalanidhi in 1991.
Gayathri Venkataraghavan (Tamil: காயத்ரி வெங்கட்ராகவன்) is an Indian Carnatic vocalist.
 She lives in Chennai.
Gajendra Singh Sareen (born 7 Nov 1966) is a businessman of Indian origin and the founder, CEO and president of Singapore headquartered tire manufacturer and distributor Omni United Pte. Ltd.
 He founded Omni United in 2003 and has since received numerous entrepreneurship awards including "Distinguished Business Leader Award", "DBS Insignia Spirit of Vision Prestige Award" and in 2012 was named to Fortune magazine's list of "Asia's Hottest People in Business".
 In 2014, he was featured in "The Peak" magazine's anniversary publication as one of 30 men and women documenting their success stories - the "30/30 – The Game Changers".
Abhishek Raghuram (born 1985) is an Indian carnatic vocalist.
Mysore Govinda Rao Venkata Raghavan (born 14 May 1956) is an Indian Carnatic vocalist, playback singer, composer and actor.
 He was awarded the Rajyotsava Prashasti, the highhest civilian honour of the state of Karnataka, for his contribution towards Carnatic music.
Sikkil C. Gurucharan (born on 21 June 1982) is among the foremost young performing musicians of Carnatic music in India today.
 He is the grandson of Sikkil Kunjumani, elder of the internationally acclaimed flautists the Sikkil Sisters.
 Gurucharan has been under the tutelage Vaigal Shri S. Gnanaskandan and is currently being mentored by Shri B. Krishnamurthy.
 He is an 'A' grade All India Radio artist.
 The magazine India Today featured him among 35 Game Changers Under (the age of) 35 in India, a list of young achievers from different walks of life.
