Vitellius (Latin: "Aulus Vitellius Germanicus Augustus" ; 24 September AD 15 – 22 December AD 69) was Roman Emperor for eight months, from 16 April to 22 December AD 69.
 Vitellius was proclaimed emperor following the quick succession of the previous emperors Galba and Otho, in a year of civil war known as the Year of the Four Emperors.
The Year of the Four Emperors was a year in the history of the Roman Empire, AD 69, in which four emperors ruled in succession: Galba, Otho, Vitellius, and Vespasian.
The Army of the Mughal Empire was the force by which the Mughal emperors established their empire in the 15th century and expanded it to its greatest extent at the beginning of the 18th century.
 Although its origins, like the Mughals themselves, were in the cavalry-based armies of central Asia, its essential form and structure was established by the empire's third emperor, Akbar.
Publius (or Gaius) Cornelius Tacitus ( ; ] ;  56 AD –  120 AD ) was a senator and a historian of the Roman Empire.
 The surviving portions of his two major works—the "Annals" and the "Histories"—examine the reigns of the Roman emperors Tiberius, Claudius, Nero, and those who reigned in the Year of the Four Emperors (69 AD).
 These two works span the history of the Roman Empire from the death of Augustus, in 14 AD, to the years of the First Jewish–Roman War, in 70 AD.
 There are substantial lacunae in the surviving texts, including a gap in the "Annals" that is four books long.
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a 2005 novel by Lisa See set in nineteenth-century China.
 In her introduction to the novel, See writes that Lily, the narrator, was born on June 5, 1824 — "the fifth day of the sixth month of the third year of the Daoguang Emperor's reign".
 The novel begins in 1903, when Lily is 80 years old.
 It continues on to tell the story of her life from birth, childhood, marriage, and old age.
 During her lifetime, Lily lives through the reigns of four emperors of the Qing dynasty: Daoguang (1820–1850); Xianfeng (1850–1861); Tongzhi (1861–1875); and Guangxu (1875–1908).
Lý Thánh Tông (] ; born Lý Nhật Tôn ] , ruled 1054–1072) was the posthumous title of the third emperor of the Lý dynasty of Vietnam.
 Like his father, he was considered as one of the most talented and benevolent emperors in Vietnamese history.
The Flavian dynasty was a Roman imperial dynasty, which ruled the Roman Empire between 69 AD and 96 AD, encompassing the reigns of Vespasian (69–79), and his two sons Titus (79–81) and Domitian (81–96).
 The Flavians rose to power during the civil war of 69, known as the Year of the Four Emperors.
 After Galba and Otho died in quick succession, Vitellius became emperor in mid 69.
 His claim to the throne was quickly challenged by legions stationed in the Eastern provinces, who declared their commander Vespasian emperor in his place.
 The Second Battle of Bedriacum tilted the balance decisively in favour of the Flavian forces, who entered Rome on December 20.
 The following day, the Roman Senate officially declared Vespasian emperor of the Roman Empire, thus commencing the Flavian dynasty.
 Although the dynasty proved to be short-lived, several significant historic, economic and military events took place during their reign.
The history of the Roman Empire covers the history of Ancient Rome from the fall of the Roman Republic in 27 BC until the abdication of the last Western emperor in 476 AD.
 Rome had begun expanding shortly after the founding of the Republic in the 6th century BC, though it did not expand outside of the Italian Peninsula until the 3rd century BC.
 Civil war engulfed the Roman state in the mid 1st century BC, first between Julius Caesar and Pompey, and finally between Octavian and Mark Antony.
 Antony was defeated at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC.
 In 27 BC the Senate and People of Rome made Octavian "imperator" ("commander") thus beginning the Principate, the first epoch of Roman imperial history usually dated from 27 BC to 284 AD; they later awarded him the name Augustus, "the venerated".
 The success of Augustus in establishing principles of dynastic succession was limited by his outliving a number of talented potential heirs: the Julio-Claudian dynasty lasted for four more emperors—Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius, and Nero—before it yielded in 69 AD to the strife-torn Year of Four Emperors, from which Vespasian emerged as victor.
 Vespasian became the founder of the brief Flavian dynasty, to be followed by the Nerva–Antonine dynasty which produced the "Five Good Emperors": Nerva, Trajan, Hadrian, Antoninus Pius and the philosophically inclined Marcus Aurelius.
 In the view of the Greek historian Dio Cassius, a contemporary observer, the accession of the emperor Commodus in 180 AD marked the descent "from a kingdom of gold to one of rust and iron"—a famous comment which has led some historians, notably Edward Gibbon, to take Commodus' reign as the beginning of the decline of the Roman Empire.
Otho ( ; Latin: "Marcus Salvius Otho Caesar Augustus" ; 28 April 32 – 16 April 69) was Roman emperor for three months, from 15 January to 16 April 69.
 He was the second emperor of the Year of the Four Emperors.
Han Yanhui (韓延徽) (882-959), courtesy name Zhangming (藏明), Khitan name Xialie (匣列, "one who returned"), formally the Duke of Lu (魯公), was an ethnically Han chancellor of the Khitan Liao dynasty, serving under its first four emperors, Emperor Taizu, Emperor Taizong, Emperor Shizong, and Emperor Muzong.
