Sociology of Health & Illness (SHI) is a peer-reviewed academic journal which covers the sociological aspects of health, illness, medicine, and health care.
 It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Foundation for the Sociology of Health and Illness.
 Established in 1979, the journal was originally published by Routledge and Kegan Paul (up to 2002).
 The Editorial Team is currently led by Gareth Williams and Ian Rees Jones at Cardiff University as joint Editors in Chief.
 The other members of the Editorial Team are Davina Allen, Eva Elliott, David Hughes, and Joanna Latimer.
 SHI has an active twitter feed at @SHIjournal and regularly commissions author blogs where articles have been picked up in national and international news outlets.
The Journal of Literary Theory is a double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal published by Walter de Gruyter since 2007.
 The journal is dedicated to research in literary theory.
 It takes an interdisciplinary approach and includes a broad variety of theories and methods.
 Publication languages are English and German.
 The journals is accompanied by a website, "JLTonline" offering selected articles from the journal as well as reviews, conference proceedings, and other information relevant to the field.
 The Journal was founded by Fotis Jannidis, Gerhard Lauer, and Simone Winko in 2007.
Michel Feher (born 1956) is a French philosopher and cultural theorist.
 He is a founding editor of Zone Books.
 Feher is also co-founder and president of Cette France-là, Paris, a monitoring group on French immigration policy.
 He writes for a number of outlets and has a semi-regular blog with the French journal Mediapart.
 Feher has held the positions of Professor and Visiting Lecturer at various universities, including École Nationale Supérieure in Paris, the University of California, Berkeley, and most recently, Goldsmiths, University of London (2013-2015).
Hispanic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on research in Hispanic and Luso-Brazilian literature and culture.
 The journal was created in 1933 to replace the French journal "" that had just stopped publication.
 Since its creation the journal has been edited by the Department of Romance Languages at the University of Pennsylvania.
 The journal is published quarterly by the University of Pennsylvania Press.
 It is available online through Project MUSE and JSTOR.
 The current general editor is Román de la Campa (University of Pennsylvania).
 Russell P. Sebold has been the longest-serving editor, having directed the journal for over twenty-nine years.
 Ignacio Javier López, Barbara Fuchs, and Michael Solomon have served as editors in the past.
Materials Today is a monthly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal, website, and journal family.
 The parent journal was established in 1998 and covers all aspects of materials science.
 It is published by Elsevier and the editors-in-chief are Jun Lou (Rice University) and Gleb Yushin (Georgia Institute of Technology).
 The journal principally publishes invited review articles, but other formats are also included, such as primary research articles, news items, commentaries, and opinion pieces on subjects of interest to the field.
 The website publishes news, educational webinars, podcasts, and blogs, as well as a jobs and events board.
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 17.793.
Ràdio Web MACBA, also known as RWM, is an online radio with a podcast subscription service, which explores contemporary thought, experimental music, radiophonic art, and sound art.
 It is a MACBA project.
 RWM is a tool that serves to document the continuous present of the Museum, including interviews with many of the prominent figures that pass through the Centre, who have so far included Michel Feher, Mark Fisher, Franco Berardi, Ann Demeester, Judith Butler, Rick Prelinger, Suely Rolnik, Michael Baldwin, Mel Ramsden, Allan Sekula, Seth Siegelaub, Kenneth Goldsmith, Fareed Armaly, Stuart Bailey, Will Holder, Xavier LeRoy, Antoni Muntadas, James Pritchett, Anri Sala, Natascha Sadr Haghighian, Vicki Bennett, John Oswald or Guy Schraenen among others.
Retfærd (Danish: "Justice"), subtitled "Nordic Journal of Law and Justice", is a Nordic peer-reviewed academic journal of legal science, publishing research from a "theoretical and practical point of view on the basis of not only jurisprudence, but also sociology, criminology, political science, history, philosophy, economics, ecology, anthropology, feminism and other sciences."
 Principally oriented towards Scandinavia, it primarily publishes articles in the Scandinavian languages, but also publishes special issues in English with a broader international focus.
 The journal was established in 1976 and since 2002 is published by the Association of Danish Lawyers and Economists.
 It was formerly published by Universitetsforlaget/the Scandinavian University Press.
 The journal is ranked as a Level 2 journal, the highest level, in the official Norwegian ranking (the Norwegian Scientific Index).
The Journal asiatique (full earlier title "Journal Asiatique ou Recueil de Mémoires, d'Extraits et de Notices relatifs à l'Histoire, à la Philosophie, aux Langues et à la Littérature des Peuples Orientaux") is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1822 by the Société Asiatique covering Asian studies.
 It publishes articles in French and several other European languages.
 Cited texts are presented in their original languages.
 Each issue also includes news of the Société Asiatique and its members, obituaries of notable Orientalists, critical reviews, and books received.
 The journal is published by Peeters Publishers on behalf of the Société Asiatique and the editor-in-chief is Jean-Marie Durand.
Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences (French: "Revue Canadienne des Sciences de l'Administration") is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Administrative Sciences Association of Canada.
 s of 2017 , the editor-in-chief is Michel Laroche (Concordia University).
 The journal publishes articles in both English and French in all key disciplines of business.
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", its 2015 impact factor is 0.405, ranking it 109 out of 120 journals in the category "Business" and 179 out of 192 journals in the category "Management".
The Canadian Journal of Physiology and Pharmacology (fr.
 Revue canadienne de physiologie et pharmacologie) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1964 after the split of "Canadian Journal of Biochemistry and Physiology" in two parts, the other one being "Canadian Journal of Biochemistry".
 While the vast majority of its papers are in English, the journal also publishes in French.
 Abstracts for its papers are in both languages.
 The journal is published monthly by NRC Research Press.
