"Hammer" is a song by Bob Marley.
 It was first recorded early in Marley's career (probably 1968) but never appeared on the Bob Marley & The Wailers studio albums in the seventies.
 JAD Records ultimately released remastered versions of the early studio sessions of Bob Marley & Wailers; "Hammer" is included on "Fy-ah, Fy-ah" and a Sly and Robbie remix of the song is included on "Man To Man".
 A version of the song also appears on the box-set "Songs of Freedom".
The ESP James Hetfield (or just ESP JH) are ranges of electric guitars produced by ESP Guitars based on the custom models of James Hetfield.
 All models were built by James Hetfield and Matt Masciandaro.
The Bob Marley Museum is a museum in Kingston, Jamaica, dedicated to the reggae musician Bob Marley.
 The museum is located at 56 Hope Road, Kingston 6, and is Bob Marley's former place of residence.
 It was home to the Tuff Gong reggae record label which was founded by The Wailers in 1970.
 In 1976, it was the site of a failed assassination attempt on Bob Marley.
 The Chicago-based band 56 Hope Road takes its name in homage to the address.
Talkin' Blues is a live album by Bob Marley & The Wailers, released in 1991.
 It contains live studio recordings from 1973 and 1975 intercut with interview segments of Bob Marley.
 The majority of tracks are taken from the recordings Bob Marley & The Wailers did on 31 October 1973, at The Record Plant for San Francisco radio station KSAN.
 They include "You Can't Blame the Youth", sung by Peter Tosh, and "Get Up, Stand Up" with Bob Marley and Peter Tosh alternatingly taking lead vocals.
 The remaining songs are taken from a performance at The Lyceum Theatre in London and interview segments from Jamaican radio in 1975.
Natty Dread is a 1974 album by Bob Marley and the Wailers.
 It was the first album released as Bob Marley and the Wailers instead of just the Wailers, the first recorded without Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer, and the first recorded with the I Threes, a female vocal trio consisting of Marcia Griffiths, Judy Mowatt, and Marley's wife, Rita Marley.
The 9 Mile Music Festival, also known as the Bob Marley Festival, Bob Fest, Marley Fest and Caribbean Festival, is an annual music event which began in 1993 in Miami, Florida.
 9 Mile was pioneered by Bob Marley’s mother, Cedella Marley Booker, to pay tribute to the legacy of her late son, and his messages of peace, love and unity.
 The festival maintains a tradition of collecting canned goods upon admission, to continue efforts to give back to the community.
 Donations go towards feeding the less fortunate in South Florida and the Caribbean.
 Over 2 million cans have been donated over the years.
Bob Marley and the Wailers were a Jamaican reggae band created by Bob Marley.
 The band formed when self-taught musician Hubert Winston McIntosh (Peter Tosh) met Neville Livingston (Bunny Wailer), and Robert Nesta Marley (Bob Marley) in 1963 and taught them how to play guitar, keyboards, and percussion.
 By late 1963 Junior Braithwaite, Beverley Kelso, and Cherry Smith had joined the Wailers.
 After Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer left the band in 1974, Bob Marley began touring with new band members.
 His new backing band included brothers Carlton Barrett and Aston "Family Man" Barrett on drums and bass respectively, Junior Marvin and Al Anderson on lead guitar, Tyrone Downie and Earl "Wya" Lindo on keyboards, and Alvin "Seeco" Patterson on percussion.
 The "I Threes", consisting of Judy Mowatt, Marcia Griffiths, and Marley's wife, Rita, provided backing vocals.
Bob Marley and the Wailers were a Jamaican reggae band led by Bob Marley which developed from the earlier ska vocal group, the Wailers, created by Marley with Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer in 1963.
 By late 1963 singers Junior Braithwaite, Beverley Kelso, and Cherry Smith had joined the Wailers.
 By the early 1970s, Marley and Bunny Wailer had learned to play some instruments and brothers Aston "Family Man" Barrett (bass) and Carlton Barrett (drums), had joined the band.
 After Bunny Wailer and Peter Tosh left the band in 1974, Marley began touring with new band members.
 His new backing band included the Barrett brothers, Junior Marvin and Al Anderson on lead guitar, Tyrone Downie and Earl "Wya" Lindo on keyboards, and Alvin "Seeco" Patterson on percussion.
 The "I Threes", consisting of Judy Mowatt, Marcia Griffiths, and Marley's wife, Rita, provided backing vocals.
Marley is a posthumous two-disc soundtrack album by Bob Marley & The Wailers.
 It was released by Island Records and Tuff Gong Records.
 The soundtrack features music from the whole career of Bob Marley, his first recorded song, "Judge Not", to the last album he released in his lifetime, "Uprising".
 "Marley" was released to coincide with the release of "Marley", a biographical film documenting the life of Bob Marley.
 The album features 24 of the 66 tracks used in the film.
Vincent Ford (c. 1940 – 28 December 2008), known as "Tata" or "Tartar", was a Jamaican songwriter best known for receiving writing credit for "No Woman, No Cry", the reggae song made famous by Bob Marley & The Wailers, as well as three other Bob Marley songs.
 However, controversy persisted as to whether the compositions had actually been written by Marley himself, and had been credited to Ford to allow Marley to avoid contractual obligations, resulting in a legal battle that ended with the Marley estate being granted control of the songs.
