Ricky Lundell is a Gracie (Brazilian) Jiu Jitsu 3rd degree black belt under Pedro Sauer and considered by many to be his most technical black belt.
 Ricky started jiu-jitsu at age six and is credited with being the youngest North American to receive the rank of black belt in Gracie (Brazilian) Jiu-Jitsu (age 19 when received).
 Ricky is a two-time Pancrase (Submission Wrestling) World Champion at 149 lbs and a 1x Absolute Pancrase World Champion.
 He was the smallest person to win the absolute division of Pancrase by over 20 lbs and submitted Brandon Ruiz who is a 2x FILA Silver Medalist in the heavyweight division (265 lbs) who was on 2 USA World Teams with Ricky.
 Ricky Lundell won the World Team Trials and took home MOG (Most Outstanding Grappler) award in 2007 and 2008.
 He represented the USA for Grappling 2x and is a 2x FILA World Championship in Submission Grappling under FILA (International Federation of Associated Wrestling Styles), the same organization that oversees Olympic wrestling.
Robson Moura Fonseca is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitor, instructor and a mixed martial artist.
 He started training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at the age of 10 in Teresópolis, Brazil.
 His first Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teacher was Ailson "Jucão" Brites, though Moura attained the rank of black belt at the age of 18 from Nova União co-founder Andre Pederneiras.
 Today Moura holds a 5th degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Professor Brites.
 He has a mixed martial arts record of 2-1-1.
Luanna Alzuguir is a female Black Belt Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioner.
 She won the World Championships in 2009, and in 2010, she won the open class.
 In these two years, she won all major championships in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, including the national championships, the Pan American championships, and the 2009 world championship.
 She is an ADCC champion and holds a win over Kyra Gracie.
Matt Ricehouse (born March 11, 1987) is an American professional mixed martial artist who most recently competed for the Strikeforce promotion.
 Matt is currently a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Rodrigo Vaghi (a fifth degree black belt under Rickson Gracie) and trains out of St. Charles MMA in St. Charles, MO under head coach Mike Rogers.
Rubens Charles Maciel (born December 24, 1979), aka "Cobrinha" and sometimes referred to as Rubens "Cobrinha" Charles, is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor.
 He is considered the best featherweight in the decade and to be among the best pound for pound jiu jitsu competitors in the world .
 Cobrinha is a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under Fernando "Terere" Augusto and a member of Alliance Jiu Jitsu.
 Cobrinha has won a total of six world championship titles in Brazilian jiu-jitsu as a black belt in the featherweight (or lightweight) category.
 He started training BJJ in 2000, received his black belt in 2005, and has since medaled in every World Jiu-Jitsu Championship in which he has competed - a total of ten.
 He is known for his attacking style of jiu jitsu and, in particular, for his guard.
 His guard was voted the best Guard of the Decade by fellow World Champions.
John Will (born (1957--)16 1957 ) is a notable martial artist from Australia.
 Will won the "Best Exponent Award" in the first World Silat Championships held in Jakarta in 1981.
 Will also completed his black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Rigan Machado and his brothers, John, Roger and Jean Jacques Machado in 1997; making him one of the first twelve foreign nationals to have earned a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
Peter 'Drago' Sell, (born August 5, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist specializing in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
 He is a black belt under teacher and fellow mixed martial artist Matt Serra in East Meadow, New York, and has trained extensively under striking coach Ray Bronx Longo in Garden City, New York.
 A member of the Serra-Longo Fight Team, Sell formerly fought at both Middleweight & Welterweight in the UFC.
Ricardo “Animal” Migliarese (aka Rick Migliarese, born December 17, 1978) is an American born professional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu grappler and a 4th degree Relson Gracie Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt with approximately 20 years of experience in BJJ and Mixed Martial Arts.
 A World and Pan-Am Champion, Rick is a trainer, training partner and coach to UFC and MMA fighters as well as other World and Pan-Am Champions.
 He currently lives in Philadelphia, PA where he teaches at Balance Studios which he co-owns with his brother, Phil Migliarese.
 Rick is also one of the co-founders/co-owners of Matrix Fights Promotion Company.
Fabrício dos Santos Camões (] ; born December 23, 1978) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 Camões's primary style in the cage is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Camões is a 3rd degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Royler Gracie.
Rômulo Barral (born May 3, 1983) is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitor.
 He is a black belt under Vinicius Magalhaes and competes for Gracie Barra, where he has won numerous championships.
 Rômulo Barral is one of the top Brazilian Jiu Jitsu fighters in the “Meio Pesado” weight division.
 Rômulo Barral maintained this black belt status in the years that followed with consistent medals at the top BJJ tournaments in the world.
 In August, 2011, Rômulo established his own Gracie Barra academy in Northridge, California, proving that he is also a coach.
 Rômulo is a 5-time black belt world champion, 3-time silver medalist in the open weight division, and a NO GI world champion, and the 2013 ADCC champion.
