Lou Lombardo (February 15, 1932 – May 8, 2002) was an American filmmaker whose editing of the 1969 film "The Wild Bunch" has been called "seminal".
 In all, Lombardo is credited on more than twenty-five feature films.
 Noted mainly for his work as a film and television editor, he also worked as a cameraman, director, and producer.
 In his obituary, Stephen Prince wrote, "Lou Lombardo's seminal contribution to the history of editing is his work on "The Wild Bunch" (1969), directed by Sam Peckinpah.
 The complex montages of violence that Lombardo created for that film influenced generations of filmmakers and established the modern cinematic textbook for editing violent gun battles."
 Several critics have remarked on the "strange, elastic quality" of time in the film, and have discerned the film's influence in the work of directors John Woo, Quentin Tarantino, Kathryn Bigelow, and the Wachowskis, among others.
 While Lombardo's collaboration with Peckinpah lasted just a few years, his career was intertwined with that of director Robert Altman for more than thirty years.
 Lombardo edited Altman's 1971 film "McCabe & Mrs. Miller" (1971), which had "a radical approach to the use of dialogue and indeed other sound, both in and beyond the frame."
 Towards the end of his career Lombardo edited "Moonstruck" (1987) and two other films directed by Norman Jewison.
 While his editing is now considered "revolutionary" and "brilliant", Lombardo was never nominated for editing awards during his career.
Jyoti Swaroop was an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer, who was one of the leading film directors in Hindi cinema of the 1960s and early 70s.
 His most well known films as a director include Parwana (1971 film), Padosan and Satte Pe Satta.
Eden Is West (French: "Eden à l'ouest" ) is a 2009 film by Greek-French director Costa-Gavras about an illegal immigrant called Elias who tries to get to Paris.
 The original title in Greek is “Paradissos sti Dysi” (“Paradise in West”) and since it is a Greek-French production, the also original French title is “Eden à l'ouest'.
 The nationality of the central hero is not disclosed because Gavras wants to make a point about the odysseys of the illegal immigrants of any nationality, since he himself was an immigrant 50 years ago in France, before he became a well known director.
 His hero seems to tolerate the sea, the cold of snowy mountains and the hunger, the rapists and robbers he meets, the cops that are after him all the time, the racists who push him aside, the fellow immigrants who steal his clothes and in the best case the women who see him as a lover they could also take advantage of.
 His only comfort is his dream of Paris and, in the complexity of human condition, the good within the evil and vice versa.
Donald Henry Pleasence, OBE ( ; 5 October 1919 – 2 February 1995) was an English actor.
 His most notable film roles include psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis in "Halloween" and most of its sequels, the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the James Bond film "You Only Live Twice", RAF Flight Lieutenant Colin Blythe in "The Great Escape", George in "Cul-de-sac", SEN 5241 in "THX 1138", Clarence "Doc" Tydon in "Wake in Fright" and the President of the United States in "Escape from New York".
Roberto Bodegas (born 3 June 1933) is a Spanish film director and screenwriter.
 He has directed 15 films since 1971.
 His 1971 film "Spaniards in Paris" was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.
William Theodore "Ted" Kotcheff (born April 7, 1931; as Velichko Todorov Tsochev) is a Bulgarian-Canadian film and television director and producer, known primarily for his work on several high-profile British and American television productions such as "Armchair Theatre" and "".
 He has also directed numerous successful films including the seminal Australian classic "Wake in Fright," action films such as "First Blood" and "Uncommon Valor", and comedies like "Weekend at Bernie's, Fun with Dick and Jane," and "North Dallas Forty".
 He is sometimes credited as William T. Kotcheff, and currently resides in Beverly Hills, California.
Wake in Fright (initially released as Outback outside Australia) is a 1971 psychological thriller film directed by Ted Kotcheff, written by Evan Jones and starring Gary Bond, Donald Pleasence, Chips Rafferty, Sylvia Kay and Jack Thompson.
 Based on Kenneth Cook's 1961 novel of the same name, the film follows a young schoolteacher from Sydney who descends into personal moral degradation after finding himself stranded in a brutal, menacing town in outback Australia.
Richard Caspar Sarafian (April 28, 1930 – September 18, 2013) was an American television and film director and actor.
 He compiled a versatile career that spanned over five decades as a director, actor, and writer.
 He is best known as the director of the 1971 film "Vanishing Point".
Wake in Fright is an upcoming two-part Australian miniseries based on Kenneth Cook's 1961 novel "Wake in Fright" and its 1971 film adaptation of the same name, which is set to air from 8 October 2017.
Herbert Holba (7 May 1932 – 26 October 1994) was an Austrian film director and screenwriter.
 He directed five films between 1961 and 1971.
 His 1971 film "The First Day" was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.
