Air Chief Marshal Sir Charles Stuart Burnett, (3 April 1882 – 9 April 1945) was a senior commander in the Royal Air Force during the first half of the 20th century.
 He was Air Officer Commanding Iraq Command during the early 1930s.
 During the Second World War, he served as Chief of the Air Staff of the Royal Australian Air Force.
Chief of the Air Staff is the commander and the highest-ranking officer of the Indian Air Force.
 The position is abbreviated as CAS in the Indian Air Force cables & communication, and is usually held by a four-star officer of the rank Air Chief Marshal.
 The current CAS is Air Chief Marshal Birender Singh Dhanoa who took office on 31 December 2016, following the retirement of Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha.
Air Chief Marshal Sir Henry Robert Moore Brooke-Popham, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (18 September 1878 – 20 October 1953) was a senior commander in the Royal Air Force.
 During the First World War he served in the Royal Flying Corps as a wing commander and senior staff officer.
 Remaining in the new Royal Air Force (RAF) after the war, Brooke-Popham was the first commandant of its Staff College at Andover and later held high command in the Middle East.
 He was Governor of Kenya in the late 1930s.
 Most notably, Brooke-Popham was Commander-in-Chief of the British Far East Command only months before Singapore fell to Japanese troops.
The following is a list of Royal Air Force air chief marshals.
 The rank of air chief marshal is a four-star officer rank and currently the highest rank to which RAF officers may be promoted to in a professional capacity.
 Throughout the history of the RAF there have been 140 RAF officers promoted to air chief marshal and at present two RAF officers hold the rank in an active capacity, namely the Chief of the Air Staff (the only dedicated RAF 4-star post) and the Chief of the Defence Staff (the only tri-service 4-star post currently occupied by an air chief marshal).
Air Chief Marshal WDRMJ Roshan Goonetileke RWP & bar, VSV, USP, ndc, psc was appointed the Chief of Defence Staff on 28 February 2011 on relinquishing Command of the Sri Lanka Air Force.
 He was the 12th Commander of the Sri Lanka Air Force (SLAF) and is the eldest son of the 5th Commander of the Sri Lanka Air Force, late Air Chief Marshal Harry Goonetileke and the elder brother of late Group Captain Shirantha Goonetileke, who was killed in combat in 1995.
 He was the second serving service Commander to be appointed as Chief of Defence Staff whilst holding the office.
Air Chief Marshal Hugh Caswall Tremenheere Dowding, 1st Baron Dowding, (24 April 1882 – 15 February 1970) was an officer in the Royal Air Force.
 He served as a fighter pilot and then as commanding officer of No. 16 Squadron during the First World War.
 During the inter-war years he became Air Officer Commanding Fighting Area, Air Defence of Great Britain and then joined the Air Council as Air Member for Supply and Research.
 He was Air Officer Commanding RAF Fighter Command during the Battle of Britain, and is generally credited with playing a crucial role in Britain's defence, and hence, the defeat of Adolf Hitler's plan to invade Britain.
 He was unwillingly replaced in command in November 1940 by Big Wing advocate Sholto Douglas.
Air Chief Marshal Sir Frederick Rudolph William Scherger, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (18 May 190416 January 1984) was a senior commander in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
 He served as Chief of the Air Staff, the RAAF's highest-ranking position, from 1957 until 1961, and as Chairman of the Chiefs of Staff Committee, forerunner of the role of Australia's Chief of the Defence Force, from 1961 until 1966.
 He was the first RAAF officer to hold the rank of air chief marshal.
The Indian Air Force's rank structure is based on that of the Royal Air Force.
 The highest rank attainable in the Indian Air Force is Marshal of the Indian Air Force, conferred by the President of India after exceptional service during wartime.
 MIAF Arjan Singh is the only officer to have achieved this rank.
 The head of the Indian Air Force is the Chief of the Air Staff, who holds the rank of Air Chief Marshal.
 The current Chief of the Air Staff is Air Chief Marshal Birender Singh Dhanoa, appointed on 31 December 2016, following the retirement of Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha.
The following is a list of Australians who have attained air marshal rank within the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF); that is, service personnel who have held the rank of air chief marshal (four-star rank), air marshal (three-star rank) or air vice marshal (two-star rank).
 The Royal Australian Air Force was established in 1921 as a separate branch of the Australian military forces.
 The service was modelled after the Royal Air Force—formed three years earlier—and adopted the same ranking system.
 Richard Williams, regarded as the "father" of the Royal Australian Air Force, was the service's first member to obtain air-officer rank on being promoted to air commodore (one-star rank) in 1927; he went on to become the first air vice marshal (1935) and air marshal (1940).
 In 1965, Sir Frederick Scherger became the first officer to be advanced to air chief marshal, one of only four members of the Royal Australian Air Force to obtain this rank as of June 2014.
 A further nineteen individuals have reached air marshal in the RAAF and 126 air vice marshal; seven officers have retired with the honorary rank of air vice marshal.
Air Chief Marshal Sir Neville Patrick McNamara, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (17 April 1923 – 7 May 2014) was a senior commander of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
 He served as Chief of the Air Staff (CAS), the RAAF's highest-ranking position, from 1979 until 1982, and as Chief of the Defence Force Staff (CDFS), Australia's top military role at the time, from 1982 until 1984.
 He was the second RAAF officer to hold the rank of air chief marshal.
