The Eurovision Song Contest 1999 was the 44th Eurovision Song Contest, held on 29 May 1999 in Jerusalem, Israel after Dana International won the contest the previous year in the United Kingdom.
 The venue for the contest was the International Convention Center, the same place that hosted the 1979 contest.
 Television news anchor Yigal Ravid, singer and 1992 contestant Dafna Dekel and model/actress Sigal Shachmon were the show's hosts, and it was the first time that three presenters were used to host the Contest.
 Israel's two previous winners, Izhar Cohen, who won in 1978 with "A-Ba-Ni-Bi" and Milk and Honey's Gali Atari who won it the next year with "Hallelujah" attended as spectators.
 The winner of the Contest was Charlotte Nilsson, representing Sweden with "Take Me to Your Heaven", which scored 163 points.
 This was Sweden's fourth win in the Contest and the second in the 1990s (after Carola's win for Sweden in 1991).
The Eurovision Song Contest 1998 was the 43rd annual Eurovision Song Contest.
 The contest took place in Birmingham in the United Kingdom, following Katrina and the Waves's win in the 1997 contest in Dublin with "Love Shine A Light".
 It was the UK's fifth win, and the eighth time that the UK hosted the contest, the last being in Harrogate in 1982.
 The UK has not won or hosted the contest since.
 The contest took place in the National Indoor Arena on 9 May 1998.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2003 was the 48th annual Eurovision Song Contest.
 The contest took place in Riga, Latvia on 24 May 2003, following Marie N's win in the 2002 contest with the song "I Wanna".
 It was the first win and hosting of the competition for Latvia with only their third participation after debuting at the 2000 contest.
 Latvijas Televīzija (LTV) chose the Skonto Hall as the venue after conducting a bidding process among several cities and venues in Latvia.
 The hosts for the contest were the previous year's winner Marie N and former Latvian representative at the 2000 contest, Renārs Kaupers, who competed in the contest as part of the band Brainstorm.
 The design of the contest was built around the theme "Magical rendez-vous", which represented the meeting of the various European nations coming to Latvia and encountering Latvia's versatile landscapes.
 Twenty-six countries participated, which saw the return of Iceland, Ireland, Netherlands, Norway and Poland after having been relegated from competing the previous year, Portugal returning to the contest after withdrawing the previous year, while Ukraine participated in the contest for the first time.
 Denmark, Finland, Lithuania, Macedonia and Switzerland were required to withdraw due to their poor results in the 2002 contest.
The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2010 was the eighth edition of Junior Eurovision Song Contest and took place in Minsk, Belarus.
 It was held on 20 November 2010.
 The contest was won by Vladimir Arzumanyan from Armenia with the song Mama.
 This gave Armenia its first Junior Eurovision victory and its first victory in any Eurovision contest.
The Eurovision Song Contest 1960 was the fifth edition of the Eurovision Song Contest.
 It was held on Tuesday 29 March 1960 in London.
 Although the Netherlands had won the contest in 1959, the Netherlands Television Foundation declined to host another contest so soon after staging the event in 1958.
 The honour of hosting the contest therefore passed to the United Kingdom, which had come second in 1959.
 Therefore, the BBC chose Catherine Boyle (as she was then known) to be the mistress of ceremonies at the contest for the first time.
 France's win this year was their second in the contest.
 The contest was won by France with the song ""Tom Pillibi"", performed by Jacqueline Boyer.
Belarus’s entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 was chosen using two phases.
 The Belarusian broadcaster BT staged a final allowing viewers to choose the top 3 songs in the selection.
 Of these three, the winner was chosen by a jury behind the scenes.
 They chose Polina Smolova with her song "Mama".
 The song is an upbeat pop song that resembles the styles of Michael Jackson.
 Polina attempted to represent Belarus last year, and although she was the public's favourite, she didn't win because she was not selected by the jury.
 The song was written by Andrey Kostiugov and composed by Sergey Sukhomlin, and has been renamed "Mum" for the contest in Athens.
The Bundesvision Song Contest 2009 was the fifth edition of the annual Bundesvision Song Contest musical event.
 The contest was held on 13 February 2009 at the in Potsdam, Brandenburg, following Subway to Sally's win in the 2008 contest in Lower Saxony with the song "Auf Kiel".
 The contest was hosted by Stefan Raab, Johanna Klum, and Elton in the green room.
 This was the first contest in which a public service broadcaster, , supported the contest.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2012 was the 57th edition of the annual Eurovision Song Contest.
 It took place in Baku, Azerbaijan, following Ell & Nikki's win at the 2011 contest in Düsseldorf, Germany with the song "Running Scared" — marking the first time that the country had won the contest.
 The contest was held at the newly constructed Baku Crystal Hall, with semi-finals held on 22 and 24 May 2012, followed by the final held on 26 May 2012.
 Forty-two countries competed in the contest — one less than the record number of 43 set at the previous contest, with Montenegro returning for the first time since 2009, and the withdrawal of Armenia due to security concerns in relation to the ongoing Nagorno-Karabakh conflict with Azerbaijan, and Poland due to financial concerns.
The Bundesvision Song Contest 2011 was the seventh edition of the annual Bundesvision Song Contest musical event.
 The contest was held on 29 September 2011 at the Lanxess Arena in Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia, following Unheilig's win in the 2010 contest in Berlin with the song "Unter deiner Flagge".
 This was the second time that North Rhine-Westphalia had hosted the contest, after previously hosting in the first contest Oberhausen in 2005.
 The contest was hosted by Stefan Raab, Johanna Klum, with Lena Meyer-Landrut; Germany's Eurovision Song Contest 2010 winner, and representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 conducting interviews in the green room, whilst regular green room host Elton sat in the fan block.
The participation of Armenia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest first began at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2007 which took place in Rotterdam, Netherlands.
 Armenian Public Television (ARMTV), a member organisation of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), have been responsible for the selection process of their participants since their debut.
 The first representative to participate for the nation at the 2007 contest was Arevik with the song "Erazanq" , which finished in second place out of seventeen participating entries, achieving a score of one hundred and thirty-six points.
 Since their debut, Armenia have never missed an edition of the contest and won in 2010 with the song "Mama" by Vladimir Arzumanyan.
 They hosted the contest at the Karen Demirchyan Sports and Concerts Complex in 2011 .
 As of Junior Eurovision 2016, Armenia have awarded and received the most points from Georgia .
