Loveless (Russian: Нелюбовь ) is a 2017 Russian drama film directed by Andrey Zvyagintsev.
 The story concerns two separated parents living apart whose affections are long forgotten and whose relationship has become loveless.
 They are temporarily brought together after their only young child becomes a missing person and they attempt to find him.
 It was shot in Moscow, with international support after the Russian government disapproved of Zvyagintsev's 2014 film "Leviathan".
 "Loveless" opened to critical acclaim and it won the Jury Prize at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival.
 It was selected as the Russian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 90th Academy Awards.
The Minneapolis Fire Department Repair Shop is a building in Minneapolis, Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The repair shop was established by the city of Minneapolis to reorganize and consolidate the services of the fire department.
 The shop was also used to convert horse-drawn fire equipment to motorized vehicles.
The Louden Monorail System in the Auto Repair Shop, also known as McGuire Motor Company and Crandall's Electric Service, is a historic structure located in Fairfield, Iowa, United States.
 The monorail system is located in a former auto repair shop along an alley between East Broadway Avenue and East Briggs Avenue.
 It is the rear, single-story, portion of the building at 117 E. Broadway Ave where the system is located.
 The storefront portion of the building, also historically associated with the automobile industry, is a two-story brick building built on a stone foundation.
 The east side of the central business district in Fairfield had become the center for automobile related businesses by the 1920s.
 Harley Carter bought this building in 1920, and had the monorail system, manufactured by the Louden Machinery Company, installed about 1922.
 The overhead material handling system is permanently attached to the east wall of the shop.
 It allowed the mechanics to more easily move the heavy engines and other parts to and from vehicles.
 The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Auto repair shop management system is an automated system for auto repair workflow management.
 This is a comparison of auto repair shop management systems which are the most popular so far.
Adrien (French: "Le Garagiste" ) is a 2015 Canadian drama film, written and directed by Renée Beaulieu.
 The film stars Normand D'Amour as Adrien, a small-town automobile repair shop owner who is confronting his mortality as he awaits a kidney transplant.
Robert Giardinelli (1914 in Catania, Italy – 1996 in New York City, New York) was a noted musical instrument craftsman who operated a musical instrument repair shop in New York City.
 After immigrating to the United States, Giardinelli served in the United States Army during World War II.
 Starting in the Bronx in 1946, he later moved his music shop to midtown Manhattan, where he remained in business for over 40 years until his retirement.
 Giardinelli's business included musical mouthpiece manufacturing, a discount retail music store, and a custom repair shop for brass and wind instruments.
 Giardinelli's music shop was located on the upper floors at 151 West 46th Street.
 His business became a world-renowned stop for musicians during the 1980's.
Leviathan (Russian: Левиафан , "Leviafan") is a 2014 Russian drama film directed by Andrey Zvyagintsev, co-written by Zvyagintsev and Oleg Negin, and starring Aleksei Serebryakov, Elena Lyadova, and Vladimir Vdovichenkov.
 According to Zvyagintsev, the story of Marvin Heemeyer in the United States inspired him and it was adapted into a Russian setting, but critics compare the story to the more similar biblical story of Naboth's Vineyard, where a King vies for his subjects' land and is motivated by his Queen to obtain it in a sly manner.
 The character development of the protagonist parallels another biblical figure, Job.
 The producer Alexander Rodnyansky has said: "It deals with some of the most important social issues of contemporary Russia while never becoming an artist's sermon or a public statement; it is a story of love and tragedy experienced by ordinary people".
 Critics noted the film as being formidable, dealing with quirks of fate, power and money.
On June 4, 2004, automobile muffler repair shop owner Marvin John Heemeyer drove his armored bulldozer through Granby, Colorado, damaging 13 buildings, with the cost of the damage rounding to an estimated $7 million.
 Heeymeyer's bulldozer rampage, which targeted other parties of a zoning dispute, ended ignominiously when Heemeyer committed suicide with a handgun inside his Komatsu D355A bulldozer.
 Heemeyer added improvised composite armor to his bulldozer consisting of layers of concrete and steel, creating what the media called a "killdozer".
Andrey Petrovich Zvyagintsev (Russian: Андре́й Петро́вич Звя́гинцев ; born 6 February 1964) is a Russian film director and screenwriter.
 He is mostly known for his 2003 film "The Return", which won him a Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.
 Following "The Return", Zvyagintsev directed "The Banishment" and "Elena".
 His film "Leviathan" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film in 2014.
 His most recent film "Loveless" won the Jury Prize at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival.
Mikhail Krichman (Михаил Владимирович Кричман; born 1967) is a Russian cinematographer who received a Golden Osella award at the 67th Venice Film Festival for "Silent Souls".
 He photographed all of Andrey Zvyagintsev's films, including "The Return" (2003), "The Banishment" (2007), "Elena" (2010) and "Leviathan" (2014).
 Zvyagintsev claims that Krichman (an engineer by profession) learned his craft by reading "American Cinematographer".
 Krichman also shot "Miss Julie" for Norwegian director Liv Ullmann.
