Rotvælsk was a secret language (also known as a cant or cryptolect) that was spoken in Denmark from early modern times until the turn of the 20th century.
 Rorvælsk was also known under several other names.
 It is now extinct.
 Rotvælsk was used by a social group known as Natmændsfolk who did simple craftsmanship, demeaning and unclean work or panhandled to survive.
 Both the social group and the language changed through the centuries, but remained associated with crime, loose morals, poverty and low social status in the eyes of the surrounding population.
 The social group and their language have often been confused with Romani people and the Romani language, though they do not seem to have had a different ethnic origin than most danes at that time.
Haji Gul Baran Khan Khilji (Urdu: گل باران خان خلجی‎ ); (born 1 March 1930) was a businessman,building contractor, philanthropist and tycoon from city of Quetta,Pakistan.
In social psychology, pluralistic ignorance is a situation in which a majority of group members privately reject a norm, but incorrectly assume that most others accept it, and therefore go along with it.
 This is also described as "no one believes, but everyone thinks that everyone believes".
 In short, pluralistic ignorance is a bias about a social group, held by that social group.
In the social sciences, a political movement is a social group that operates together to obtain a political goal, on a local, regional, national, or international scope.
 Political movements develop, coordinate, promulgate, revise, amend, interpret, and produce materials that are intended to address the goals of the base of the movement.
 A social movement in the area of politics can be organized around a single issue or set of issues, or around a set of shared concerns of a social group.
 In a political party, a political organization seeks to influence, or control, government policy, usually by nominating their candidates and seating candidates in political and government offices.
 Additionally, parties participate in electoral campaigns and educational outreach or protest actions aiming to convince citizens or governments to take action on the issues and concerns which are the focus of the movement.
 Parties often espouse an ideology, expressed in a party program, bolstered by a written platform with specific goals, forming a coalition among disparate interests.
Exogamy is a social arrangement where marriage is allowed only outside a social group.
 The social groups define the scope and extent of exogamy, and the rules and enforcement mechanisms that ensure its continuity.
 In social studies, exogamy is viewed as a combination of two related aspects: biological and cultural.
 Biological exogamy is marriage of nonblood-related beings, regulated by forms of incest law.
 A form of exogamy is dual exogamy, in which two groups engage in continual wife exchange.
 Cultural exogamy is marrying outside a specific cultural group; the opposite being endogamy, marriage within a social group.
Malak Baran Khan Kudezai was a politician and Chief of the Marmakhel Tribe which consists of famouse sub-tribes in Loralai i.e. Kudezai, Khadarzai, Malazai,Adhorhzai,Walizai, Alizai etc.
 He was also an active member of Loya jirga (Afghanistan Grand Council/Assembly).
In the social sciences, a social group has been defined as two or more people who interact with one another, share similar characteristics, and collectively have a sense of unity.
 Other theorists disagree however, and are wary of definitions which stress the importance of interdependence or objective similarity.
 Instead, researchers within the social identity tradition ågenerally define it as "a group is defined in terms of those who identify themselves as members of the group".
 Regardless, social groups come in a myriad of sizes and varieties.
 For example, a society can be viewed as a large social group.
The term cult usually refers to a social group defined by its religious, spiritual, or philosophical beliefs, or its common interest in a particular personality, object or goal.
 The term itself is controversial and it has divergent definitions in both popular culture and academia and it also has been an ongoing source of contention among scholars across several fields of study.
 In the sociological classifications of religious movements, a cult is a social group with socially deviant or novel beliefs and practices, although this is often unclear.
 Other researchers present a less-organized picture of cults on the basis that cults arise spontaneously around novel beliefs and practices.
 The word "cult" has always been controversial because it is (in a pejorative sense) considered a subjective term, used as an "ad hominem" attack against groups with differing doctrines or practices.
 Groups said to be cults range in size from local groups with a few members to international organizations with millions.
In sociology and social psychology, an ingroup is a social group to which a person psychologically identifies as being a member.
 By contrast, an outgroup is a social group with which an individual does not identify.
 For example, people may find it psychologically meaningful to view themselves according to their race, culture, gender, age or religion.
 It has been found that the psychological membership of social groups and categories is associated with a wide variety of phenomena.
The concept of hegemony, which first was put forward by Antonio Gramsci (1971), refers to the moral, philosophical, and political leadership of a social group, which is not gained by force but by an active consent of other social groups through taking control of culture and ideology.
 During this process, the leading social group exerts its impact and gain its legitimacy mainly through social mechanisms such as education, religion, family and the mass media.
 Based on the definition of hegemony, media hegemony means the dominance of a certain aspects of life and thoughts by penetrating dominant culture and values in social life.
 In other words, media hegemony served as a crucial shaper of culture, values and ideology of society (Altheide, 1984).
