One Raffles Link (Chinese: 莱佛士连道一号) is an office building located at Marina Centre, Singapore.
 The building is six storeys high with a basement and is managed by Hongkong Land.
 Completed in 2000, it was jointly designed by world-renowned architect, Kohn Pedersen Fox and Aedas LPT Architects.
 The development costs S$340 million and is a Grade A office building.
 VISA, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs and Citibank are major tenants of the building.
 Built on an elongated slip of land, the building offers the largest columnless floor-plates in the city.
 The development includes CityLink Mall, Singapore's first subterranean mall, which links One Raffles Link with the City Hall MRT Station, Raffles City, Marina Square, Suntec City and the Esplanade.
Raffles Place is the centre of the Financial District of Singapore and is located south of the mouth of the Singapore River.
 It was first planned and developed in the 1820s as Commercial Square to serve as the hub of the commercial zone of Singapore in Raffles Town Plan.
 It was renamed Raffles Place in 1858 and is now the site of a number of major banks.
 It is located in the Downtown Core within the Central Area, and features some of the tallest buildings and landmarks of the country.
Tanjong Pagar Centre, also known as Guoco Tower, is a S$3.2 billion mixed-use development located in Tanjong Pagar, Singapore.
 With a height of 290 m , it is currently the tallest building in Singapore, breaking the record held jointly by UOB Plaza, One Raffles Place and Republic Plaza for over 20 years.
The city of São Paulo, Brazil's largest city, has an impressive skyline.
 With 6,467 buildings, it is considered to have the 3rd-greatest concentration of buildings in the world, behind only New York City and Hong Kong; Within the city and its metropolitan area, there are 193 buildings taller than 100 meters, mostly concentrated in the downtown along the Paulista Avenue and in the neighborhood of Brooklin.
 At one time, the city was home to the tallest building in Latin America, the Martinelli Building, which opened in 1929 at a height of 130 meters.
 The Mirante do Vale, the largest building in the city, is 170 meters in height and was opened in 1960.
 Today, São Paulo is a city of low buildings, which rarely reach more than 80 meters and are mostly residential in nature.
 Municipal laws limit the construction of large skyscrapers and the tallest skyscrapers are located in three different regions.
 The city's financial center, fully occupied by skyscrapers, has moved.
 The city of São Paulo has the 10th highest number of buildings in the world taller than 90 meters, behind Hong Kong, New York City, Tokyo, Shanghai, Bangkok, Guangzhou, Chicago, and Singapore, respectively.
Raffles Place MRT Station (NS26/EW14) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) cross-platform interchange station on the North South Line and the East West Line in Downtown Core, Singapore.
 It is directly underneath the centre of the financial area of Raffles Place, located in the Downtown Core area, south of the Singapore River.
 It is one of the more prominent and busier stations within Singapore's transport system, especially being an interchange station located within the Central Area.
 The station has a large number of entrances/exits, the two main ones facing the Raffles Gardens, with the building being a miniature facade of the historic John Little building.
CapitaGreen, also known as Market Street Tower, is an office tower located in Raffles Place, Singapore.
 The building was designed by Toyo Ito and completed in 2014.
 With a height of 242 m , it is one of the tallest skyscrapers in Singapore.
One Raffles Place, formerly Overseas Union Bank Centre or OUB Centre is one of the tallest skyscrapers in the city of Singapore.
 It was the tallest together with the UOB Plaza and Republic Plaza until the construction of Tanjong Pagar Centre in 2016.
 At 280 m , it was also the tallest building in the world outside North America at the time of its completion in 1986, surpassing South Korea's 63 Building completed one year earlier, until it was succeeded by the Bank of China Tower.
 The building sits at the city centre of Raffles Place.
Republic Plaza (Chinese: 共和大厦) is one of the three tallest skyscrapers in Singapore, located at the Southern end of Raffles Place in the Downtown Core, the central business district of Singapore.
 It shares the title of "tallest building" with the OUB Centre and UOB Plaza One.
 Built at 280 metres (919 feet) tall, it was completed in 1995, and incorporates earthquake proof features despite the city being relatively far from earthquake zones.
Chevron House, formerly called Caltex House, is a high-rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore.
 It is located on 30 Raffles Place, in the financial district of Raffles Place.
 The building is near several buildings and landmarks, such as Singapore Land Tower, Hitachi Tower, Change Alley and The Arcade, all of which are less than 100 m away.
 The development has direct underground access to Raffles Place MRT Station.
 Hitachi Tower, a nearby neighbour of Chevron House, shares a four-level retail podium with the building.
One Marina Boulevard, sometimes called NTUC Centre, is a 32-storey, 110 m skyscraper at 1 Marina Boulevard, in the zone of Raffles Place and Marina Bay, in the central business district of Singapore.
 The building is near other skyscrapers, such as One Raffles Quay, The Sail @ Marina Bay and Ocean Building, all of which are around 100 metres away.
 It has a direct link to Raffles Place MRT Station via an air-conditioned underground mall.
