Andaz (Hindi: अंदाज़, English: Style) is a 1971 Hindi romantic movie starring Shammi Kapoor, Hema Malini, Rajesh Khanna and Simi Garewal.
 The film was directed by Ramesh Sippy.
 The film was a considerable success and important in the career of Malini as an actress.
 The film features "Zindagi Ek Safar Hai Suhana", one of the best known Bollywood yodels which also featured on the soundtrack of Mira Nair's "Mississippi Masala".
 The song fetched singer Kishore Kumar a nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer.
 When this film released, films of Shammi Kapoor were not doing well at the box office.
 The 10-minute cameo including made by Rajesh Khanna is credited for turning Andaz (1971) into a hit film.
 This film is counted among the 17 consecutive hit films Rajesh Khanna between 1969 and 1971, by adding the two hero films Marayada and Andaz to the 15 consecutive solo hits he gave from 1969 to 1971.
 Further this film is the first of the successful script writing that Salim-Javed started.
Hysterical Blindness is a TV movie made for HBO, directed by Mira Nair and starring Gena Rowlands, Uma Thurman, Juliette Lewis and Ben Gazzara.
 The movie premiered on HBO on August 21, 2002 to good reviews.
 In 2003, Uma Thurman won a Golden Globe Award for her portrayal of Debby Miller.
 Ben Gazzara and Gena Rowlands also won Best Supporting Actor/Actress awards for their performances as Virginia Miller and Nick Piccolo at the 2003 Emmy Awards.
Vanity Fair is a 2004 British-American historical drama film directed by Mira Nair and adapted from William Makepeace Thackeray's novel of the same name.
 The novel has been the subject of numerous television and film adaptations, and Nair's version made notable changes in the development of main character Becky Sharp.
Enrico Cocozza (6 November 1921 – 27 December 1997), was a Scottish filmmaker who won many film awards during the 1940s and 1950s.
 His often surreal films were mainly filmed in and around the town of Wishaw in Scotland, where his family owned the popular Belhaven Cafe.
 These include "Chick's Day" (1950), a prize winner at the 1951 Scottish Amateur Film Festival, "The Living Ghost" (1957), and "Glasgow's Docklands" (1959).
 Illness later forced him to give up making films and he spent most of his working life teaching at the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow.
 In 2001 he was the subject of the Channel 4 documentary "Artery: the Story of Enrico Cocozza".
Nitish Roy is an Indian film art director, production designer, and costume designer in Hindi cinema and a Bengali Film Director, who is also known for his work with art cinema directors, Shyam Benegal, Mrinal Sen and Govind Nihlani, Hindi mainstream cinema, directors like Rajkumar Santoshi, as well as international directors like Mira Nair and Gurinder Chadha.
The Namesake is a 2006 Indian-American drama film which was released in the United States on 9 March 2007, following screenings at film festivals in Toronto and New York City.
 It was directed by Mira Nair and is based upon the novel of the same name by Jhumpa Lahiri, who appeared in the movie.
 Sooni Taraporevala wrote the screenplay.
 The film received positive reviews from American critics.
 The film stars Tabu, Irrfan Khan, Kal Penn and Sahira Nair.
Salaam Bombay!
 is a 1988 Hindi film directed by Mira Nair, and screenwritten by her longtime creative collaborator, Sooni Taraporevala.
 The film chronicles the day-to-day life of children living on the streets of Bombay, India's biggest city.
 It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi, the National Board of Review Award for Top Foreign Film, the Golden Camera and Audience Awards at the Cannes Film Festival, and three awards at the Montréal World Film Festival.
 The film was India's second film submission to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 The film was among the list of "The Best 1,000 Movies Ever Made" by "The New York Times".
Mira Nair (born 15 October 1957) is an Indian American filmmaker based in New York City.
 Her production company, Mirabai Films, specializes in films for international audiences on Indian society, whether in the economic, social or cultural spheres.
 Among her best known films are "Mississippi Masala", "The Namesake", the Golden Lion-winning "Monsoon Wedding" and "Salaam Bombay!
", which was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Shafiq Syed (born 1976) is a former Indian child actor turned auto rickshaw driver.
 At the age of twelve, he starred in a lead role in the Mira Nair's Academy Award-nominated film "Salaam Bombay!
" (1988), for which he also received the 1989 National Film Award for Best Child Artist at the 36th National Film Awards.
 He drives an auto rickshaw in Bangalore and also works as an assistant in television production units.
Kathryn Drysdale (born December 1981) is an English actress known for her role as Grace Shelley in The West End show "The Ruling Class" opposite James Mcavoy, as Taylor in the movie "St Trinian's", Rhoda Swartz in Mira Nair's Vanity Fair, and Louise Brooks in the BBC comedy series "Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps" from 2001 until her departure from the show in 2009.
 She has also starred in the fourth series of the ITV sitcom "Benidorm" and as Brownwell in William Boyd's award-winning "Any Human Heart" opposite Jim Broadbent.
 She previously worked with Broadbent on Mira Nair's feature adaptation of William Thackery's "Vanity Fair" starring Reese Witherspoon.
 She played the role of mixed-race heiress Rhoda Swartz.
 She is also known for her role as Lizzie in the drama series "Tripping Over" by Mike Bullen.
 She appeared in "Doctor Who" as Bliss in the episode "Love & Monsters".
 She currently plays Meghan Markle in season 2 of "The Windsors".
