Rosa is the younger of two children.
 His older brother Daniel Rosa, Jr. is five years his senior.
 His parents are Raquel and Daniel Rosa, Sr.
 Rosa's entire family is of Puerto Rican descent and he was born in Brooklyn, New York.
 The Rosa family moved to Florida in the early 1990s so that he and his older brother could have an easier life.
 The Rosa family are members of the Pentecostal Church and he had a very strict, religious upbringing.
 Rosa graduated from Alonso High School in Tampa, Florida, class of 2004.
 While a high school student, he was a cadet on the school's drill team and a member of the Army ROTC program.
 He was also a foil instructor at a local Tampa fencing academy.
 After graduating from High School, Rosa attended Hillsborough Community College where he was studying to become a psychologist.
 At the age of 18, Rosa became a Youth Minister at the Zion Pentecostal Church.
Thomas Fane, 6th Earl of Westmorland {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (3 October 1681 – 4 June 1736), styled The Honourable Thomas Fane from 1691 to 1699, was a British peer and member of the House of Lords.
 He was the third son (second surviving son) of Vere Fane, 4th Earl of Westmorland and his wife Rachel Bence; as well as the younger brother of Vere Fane, and the older brother of John Fane, 7th Earl of Westmorland.
 As his older brother Vere died without issue in 1699, Thomas Fane inherited the Earldom of Westmorland, as well as his brother's further titles Baron Burghersh and Lord le Despencer.
Cody Votolato (born May 20, 1982) is a musician from Redmond, Washington, best known for being the guitarist in the post-hardcore band The Blood Brothers.
 He grew up in the eastside suburbs of Seattle.
 Cody attended Redmond High School with his bandmates in the late 1990s when the band originally formed, graduating Spring of 2000.
 His accomplished thrashy and discordant style, exhibited in early Blood Brothers albums and in Head Wound City, has evolved into a more melodic and experimental sound in recent years .
 Votolato's older brother Rocky Votolato is a folk musician and solo artist who played in the band Waxwing with his brother, as well as with Rudy Gajadhar, the older brother of The Blood Brothers' drummer Mark Gajadhar.
 Votolato also contributed artwork to The Blood Brothers' album "...Burn, Piano Island, Burn".
 On September 4, 2012, it was announced that Cody has joined Cold Cave as touring guitarist.
Alexander Hale Smith (June 2, 1838 – August 12, 1909) was the third surviving son of Joseph Smith and Emma Hale Smith.
 Smith was born in Far West, Missouri, and was named after Alexander Doniphan, who had once refused an extermination order to execute Joseph Smith, then had acted as Joseph's defense attorney during Joseph's incarceration at Liberty Jail.
 Alexander eventually became a senior leader of the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (RLDS Church, now Community of Christ).
 Smith served as an apostle and as Presiding Patriarch of the church.
 He became religiously inclined after the April 1862 death of his older brother Frederick G. W. Smith (b. 1836), who had not been baptized, and was baptized on May 25, 1862, in Nauvoo, Illinois, by another older brother, Joseph Smith III.
Los Debutantes is a 2003 Chilean film directed by Andres Waissbluth and starring Antonella Rios and Alejandro Trejo.
 It tells the story of two brothers from a small town, played by Nestor Castillana and Juan Pablo Miranda, who move to Santiago and visit a nightclub to celebrate the younger brother's 17th birthday.
 The older brother is subsequently offered a job by the club owner Don Pascual (played by Alejandro Trejo), and both brothers become friendly with Gracia, a dancer at the club who has dreams of becoming a singer (played by Antonella Rios).
 The story is told in Rashomon style from three different perspectives: firstly from the perspective of the younger brother, secondly from the perspective of the older brother, and finally from the perspective of Gracia.
 The film was the Chilean submission for the 76th Academy Awards in the category Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film which took place in 2004, but was not one of the five nominated films.
 It was also nominated for the Goya Awards.
 The film was released on DVD in the UK in 2005, and received a mildly critical review in Time Out.
Tuoba Yu (拓拔余) (died 452), formally Prince Yin of Nan'an (南安隱王), was briefly an emperor of the Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei.
 He was placed on the throne by the eunuch Zong Ai after Zong assassinated his father Emperor Taiwu in spring 452, and Zong was largely in control of the regime during his reign.
 Later in the year, when Tuoba Yu tried to assert his own authority, Zong had him assassinated as well, but then was overthrown by a group of officials, who put Tuoba Yu's nephew Tuoba Jun (the son of Tuoba Yu's older brother, Tuoba Huang the Crown Prince, who had predeceased their father) on the throne as Emperor Wencheng.
Emil Leeb (17 June 1881 – 8 September 1969) was a Bavarian-German general who saw active service during both World Wars.
 His older brother, who became Field Marshal Wilhelm Ritter von Leeb, had the knightly rank of "Ritter" and the nobiliary particle of "von", not by birth, but thanks to the conferment of the Bavarian Military Order of Max Joseph and a patent of nobility.
 Hence, the older brother had “von” between his names, but the younger brother did not.
Christopher Kennedy Masterson (born January 22, 1980) is an American actor and disc jockey known best for his role as Francis on "Malcolm in the Middle".
 He is the younger brother of "That '70s Show" cast member Danny Masterson, older brother of "The Walking Dead" cast member Alanna Masterson, and older brother of "Last Man Standing" cast member Jordan Masterson.
Marco Hofschneider (born October 18, 1969) is a German actor known for his biographical portrayal of Solomon Perel in the 1990 acclaimed (Golden Globe-winning and Academy Award-nominated) World War II film "Europa Europa".
 Since then, he has appeared in many German and British film and television programs.
 His older brother, Rene Hofschneider, also appeared in "Europa, Europa", playing the role of Isaak Perel, Solomon Perel's older brother.
Manuchar I Jaqeli (Georgian: მანუჩარ I ჯაყელი ) (died after 1518) was a Prince and Atabeg of Samtskhe-Saatabago from 1515 to 1518.
 He was a member of the Jaqeli family and youngest son of Qvarqvare II Jaqeli.
 After his older brother Mzetchabuk's abdication Manuchar started an uprising against his nephew Qvarqvare, the son of Kaikhosro I.
 Manuchar's revolt finished successfully and he ascended to the Meskhetian throne.
 During his brief reign Manuchar sent many gifts to the Ottoman sultan Selim I and claimed himself as an admier of Ottomans.
 In 1518 the new revolt started.
 Prince Qvarqvare with the help of Safavid troops attacked Samtskhe.
 Manuchar was overthrown and Qvarqvare became the new ruler of Meskheti.
 After this Manuchar asked his suzerain Sultan Selim for help.
 Sultan gave him the huge army.
 He had tried to restore himself as Atabeg, but was defeated by Qvarqvare's forces at the battle near Erzurum.
 Manuchar Jaqeli escaped to the Ottoman empire and lived there until his death.
 Nothing is known about his later life and descendants.
