KLIK (1240 AM), branding as Newstalk 1240, is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format.
 Licensed to Jefferson City, Missouri, United States, the station serves the Columbia, Missouri area.
 The station is currently owned by Cumulus Media and features programing from ABC Radio and Westwood One.
 KLIK also operates a local news operation with sister station KFRU (1400 AM in Columbia, Missouri).
 From 1954 until September 8, 1999, KLIK was located at 950 AM, transmitting with a daytime power of 5000 watts and a nighttime power of 500 watts (directional) from a four tower array about 3.2 miles south of Jefferson City.
 Early owners of KLIK broadcast a varied format of news and talk programs including music programs of middle of the road, top 40, adult contemporary and country music as 95 KLIK.
 For many years, KLIK and KJFF as the two largest regional radio stations (the most powerful AM and FM station in the region) dominated radio listenership in cumulative market share in the Columbia-Jeff City Market of Central Missouri.
 In the 1970s and early 1980s KLIK was known as the Live 95 as its broadcasts were all programmed by live deejays, talk hosts and newscasters rather than by a satellite or automation system.
 KLIK once operated with an FM sister station in the 1970s and 1980s known was KJFF 106.9 FM a 100,000 watt semi-automated easy listening music station with a large regional coverage signal.
 In the early 1980s KLIK and KJFF-FM together were sold by the local Jefferson City operators to a regional group broadcaster, and newspaper publisher, Brill Media.
 In about 1982, KJFF-FM 106.9 FM became an adult contemporary music station, initially with a satellite delivered music format, and easy listening music was phased out along with the KJFF call letters which were replaced by the new FM call signs of KTXY.
 KLIK 950 AM transitioned over from AC/Contemporary music at about the same time to a 24-hour-a-day live country/western format known as 95 Country.
 KLIK carried a variety of programming and a mostly country music format until the late 1990s.
Naseer & Shahab (Urdu: ‎ ) is a Pakistani soft alternative rock band from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
 Formed in 2010, the band rose to stardom with their debut single ""Za Pukhtoon Yam"".
 The band is a duo of Naseer Afridi, who is a lead vocalist, musician and songwriter, and Shahab Qamar, a producer, director and web designer.
 Naseer & Shahab release singles independently, in mainly Pashtu language, propelled to international success by social media, Naseer & Shahab's four singles ""Za Pukhtoon Yam"" (2012), ""Za Sta Pashan Na Yam"" (2012), ""Meray Yaar"" (2012) and ""Ghalti Mein Shta"" (2014), tops many charts and made them most influential and first Pashtu rock band of Pakistan.
Hum Tum (Urdu: ہم تم, literal English translation: "you and me") was the fourth studio album of the Pakistani band Vital Signs released in January 1995.
 This was the last studio album released by the band after which Junaid Jamshed, vocalist of the band, went on to pursue a career as a solo singer, Shehzad Hasan, bassist, concentrated on his work as a music producer and Rohail Hyatt, keyboards, formed a production company.
"Ghalti Mein Shta" ( Pashto: غلطي خه ښټه‎ ; lit.
 "The Fault is Mine") is a 2014 Pashtu language single by Pakistani Soft Alternative rock band Naseer & Shahab.
 It was released on August 23, 2014 as a digital download.
 It is an soulful Pashtu love-inspired ballad that depicts the female protagonist remembers her lover who is lost long, she visits his grave hoping one day she will see him.
 The song is written and composed by Naseer Afridi while directed, produced and co-composed by Shahab Qamar.
Gotas de Rap ("Drops of Rap") were a Colombian rap group from Bogotá.
 They toured Europe in 1995 and in their songs they rapped in Spanish about the social and political problems in Colombia.
 Along with Los Generales R&R and La Etnnia, they are considered as the pioneers of Colombian rap music.
 They had huge success among the ghettos and rappers but never reached stardom because of their controversial lyrics and new breed of music for the Colombian people.
 Hip-hop only came to its peak in 2002 and has dominated radio stations since then.
 The new form of hip hop is reggaeton, a hybrid of RnB and Rap.
Junoon 20 is the fourth compilation album and the nineteenth overall album of the Pakistani band Junoon.
 The compilation album served as a tribute album for the 20th anniversary of the band and is divided into two volumes.
 The first edition of the album featured many well known musicians like Bilal Khan, Outlandish, Aag, Usman Riaz and Laal’s Taimur Rahman, paying tribute to Junoon by covering some of the band's famous songs.
 The first volume of the album was released on September 30, 2011, and was made digitally available on October 5, 2011.
"Chal Bulleya" is a single by the Pakistani band Mekaal Hasan Band from their album "Saptak".
 Javed Bashir was on the vocals.
 Lyrics were taken from the verses written by Bulleh Shah and Kabir.
Dewaar (Urdu: دیوار, literal English translation: "wall") is the seventh studio album and the thirteenth overall album of the Pakistani band, Junoon released in 2003.
 This was the last studio album released by the band after which both vocalist, Ali Azmat and bassist, Brian O'Connell, left the band.
Farhan Saeed is a Pakistani singer-songwriter and actor.
 Farhan was the former lead vocalist of the Pakistani band Jal.
 He is the owner of the restaurant Cafe Rock.
 He has sung in Urdu and Punjabi.
Soft rock (or lite rock) is a subgenre of pop music that largely features acoustic guitars and slow-to-mid tempos.
 Originating in the early 1970s in southern California, the style smoothed over the edges of singer-songwriter and pop, relying on simple, melodic songs with big, lush productions.
 Soft rock dominated radio throughout the 1970s and eventually metamorphosed into the synthesized music of adult contemporary in the 1980s.
