Hürtgenwald is a municipality in the district of Düren in the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
 It is located in the Eifel hills, approx. 15 km south-west of Düren.
 Much of the area is covered by forest (Hürtgenwald in literal translation means Hürtgen Forest).
The Darkest Hour is a phrase coined by British prime minister Winston Churchill to describe the period of World War II between the fall of France in 1940 and the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941, when the British Empire stood alone against Nazi Germany and the Axis Powers in Europe.
 The length of time between the fall of France in June 1940 and the German invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941 measured 363 days, or 11 months and 28 days.
 It is particularly used for the time when the United Kingdom was under direct threat of invasion; following the evacuation of the British Army from Dunkirk and prior to victory in the Battle of Britain.
 The darkest moment is usually considered to have been 10 May 1941, when over 1,500 civilians died in Luftwaffe bombing raids on London alone.
John Wilson Minick (June 14, 1908 – November 21, 1944), born in Wall, Pennsylvania, near East McKeesport in Allegheny County, to Anthony Fuhrman and Alma J. (Churchfield) Minick, whose patriarchal Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry can be traced back to the 1700s in Perry County, Pennsylvania.
 He was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions during the Battle of Hürtgen Forest in World War II.
Darkest Hour: Europe '44-'45 is a free modification developed by Darklight Games / The Darkest Hour Team for Tripwire Interactive's multiplayer first-person shooter video game "", It is based on the Western Front during World War II between 1944 and 1945, depicting the conflict between Allied and German forces.
 Several large-scale operations are covered, including the invasion of Normandy, Battle of the Bulge, Operation Market Garden, and Battle of the Hürtgen Forest.
Leonard G. “Bud” Lomell (January 22, 1920 – March 1, 2011) was a highly decorated former United States Army Ranger who served in World War II.
 He is best known for his actions in the first hours of D-Day at Pointe du Hoc on the coast of Normandy, France.
 Pointe du Hoc was the site of the German Army’s largest coastal weapons, five 155-millimeter German guns with a 25-kilometer range that endangered the tens of thousands of troops landing on Omaha Beach and Utah Beach, and thousands of watercraft in the English Channel supporting the Normandy invasion.
 Unbeknownst to the Allied intelligence, the Germans had concealed the guns in an orchard, but left them operational and ready to fire.
 Through skill, courage and “pure luck,” Lomell found and quickly disabled all five guns.
 Lomell was recognized by historian Stephen Ambrose as the single individual — other than Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower — most responsible for the success of D-Day.
 Six months later, in the Battle of Hürtgen Forest, he would again distinguish himself, earning a Silver Star for his heroism and leadership as the 2nd Ranger Battalion captured and held Hill 400.
 After the war he returned to Ocean County, New Jersey, becoming an attorney in Toms River.
The Human Romance is the seventh studio album by the American melodic death metal band Darkest Hour.
 The album was released on February 22, 2011, in North America through eOne Music, and was released on March 7 in Europe through Century Media Records.
 This would be Darkest Hour's last album with drummer Ryan Parrish and bassist Paul Burnette.
Deliver Us is the fifth studio album by American melodic death metal band Darkest Hour.
 It was released on July 10, 2007 through Victory Records.
 The album debuted at number 110 on the Billboard album charts, with sales of 6,600.
 "Sanctuary" is featured in the video game, "Tony Hawk's Proving Ground", while "Demon(s)" is featured in "Guitar Hero 5" and "Doomsayer" was made available in "" through the "Darkest Hour Track Pack", the last to be released by Activision.
 The artwork was created by John Baizley who has also done art for bands such as Pig Destroyer, Daughters, and his own band Baroness.
When Trumpets Fade, an HBO war film first presented on June 27, 1998, was directed by John Irvin, produced by John Kemeny and written by W.W. Vought.
 It is set during the World War II Battle of Hürtgen Forest in Autumn of 1944.
The Battle of Heartbreak Crossroads was fought at a vital crossroads near a forester's cabin named Wahlerscheid, astride the Siegfried Line ("Westwall") that ran along the Höfen-Alzen and Dreiborn ridges, about 5.6 mi north of Krinkelt-Rocherath, Belgium.
 In early December 1944, the U.S. V Corps trucked the experienced 2nd Infantry Division from positions it had held in the south to Krinkelt-Rocherath, twin villages adjacent to Elsenborn Ridge and near the southern tip of the Hürtgen Forest.
The Battle of Hürtgen Forest (German: "Schlacht im Hürtgenwald" ) was a series of fierce battles fought from 19 September to 16 December 1944 between American and German forces on the Western Front during World War II in the Hürtgen Forest about 50 mi2 east of the Belgian–German border.
 It was the longest battle on German ground during World War II, and is the longest single battle the U.S. Army has ever fought.
