Henry Carey (c. 26 August 1687 – 5 October 1743) was an English poet, dramatist and song-writer.
 He is remembered as an anti-Walpolean satirist and also as a patriot.
 Several of his melodies continue to be sung today, and he was widely praised in the generation after his death.
 Because he worked in anonymity, selling his own compositions to others to pass off as their own, contemporary scholarship can only be certain of some of his poetry, and a great deal of the music he composed was written for theatrical incidental music.
 However, under his own name and hand, he was a prolific song writer and balladeer, and he wrote the lyrics for almost all of these songs.
 Further, he wrote numerous operas and plays.
 His life is illustrative of the professional author in the early 18th century.
 Without inheritance or title or governmental position, he wrote for all of the remunerative venues, and yet he also kept his own political point of view and was able to score significant points against the ministry of the day.
 Further, he was one of the leading lights of the new "Patriotic" movement in drama.
William Shakespeare (1564–1616) was an English poet and playwright.
 He wrote approximately 38 plays and 154 sonnets, as well as a variety of other poems.
Charles Goodall (1671—May 11, 1689) is a minor English poet.
 A student of Eton College and then Merton College, Oxford, he wrote a number of romantic and erotic poems referring to male students at said colleges.
 In 1689, the year of his death, he put together a collection entitled "Poems and Translations" which contains 33 poems with male-male subject matter, eleven regarding women, and 13 to a mistress named 'Idera' (considered probably imaginary).
 A number of the homoerotic poems have been rewritten to remove the same-sex subject matter.
John Henley Heathcote-Williams (15 November 1941 – 1 July 2017), known as Heathcote Williams, was an English poet, actor, political activist and dramatist.
 He wrote a number of book-length polemical poems including "Autogeddon", "Falling for a Dolphin" and "Whale Nation", which in 1988 became, according to Philip Hoare, "the most powerful argument for the newly instigated worldwide ban on whaling."
 Williams invented his idiosyncratic "documentary/investigative poetry" style which he put to good purpose bringing a diverse range of environmental and political matters to public attention.
 His last published work, "American Porn" was a critique of the American political establishment and the election of President Donald Trump: Publication date was the date of Trump's inauguration (20 January 2017).
 In June 2015, he published a book-length investigative poem about the "Muslim Gandhi", Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan, "Badshah Khan".
William Shakespeare ( ; 26 April 1564 (baptised) – 23 April 1616) was an English poet, playwright, and actor, widely regarded as the greatest writer in the English language and the world's pre-eminent dramatist.
 He is often called England's national poet, and the "Bard of Avon".
 His extant works, including collaborations, consist of approximately 38 plays, 154 sonnets, two long narrative poems, and a few other verses, some of uncertain authorship.
 His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright.
The Tempest is a 1979 film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play of the same name.
 Directed by Derek Jarman, with Heathcote Williams as Prospero, it also stars Toyah Willcox, Jack Birkett and Helen Wellington-Lloyd from Jarman's previous feature, "Jubilee" (1977), as well as his long-time cohort Karl Johnson.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge ( ; 21 October 177225 July 1834) was an English poet, literary critic, philosopher and theologian who, with his friend William Wordsworth, was a founder of the Romantic Movement in England and a member of the Lake Poets.
 He wrote the poems "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner" and "Kubla Khan", as well as the major prose work "Biographia Literaria".
 His critical work, especially on William Shakespeare, was highly influential, and he helped introduce German idealist philosophy to English-speaking culture.
 Coleridge coined many familiar words and phrases, including suspension of disbelief.
 He was a major influence on Ralph Waldo Emerson and American transcendentalism.
The Holy Sonnets—also known as the Divine Meditations or Divine Sonnets—are a series of nineteen poems by the English poet John Donne (1572–1631).
 The sonnets were first published in 1633—two years after Donne's death.
 The poems are sonnets and are predominantly in the style and form prescribed by Renaissance Italian poet Petrarch (or Francesco Petrarca) (1304–1374) in which the sonnet consisted of two quatrains (four-line stanzas) and a sestet (a six-line stanza).
 However, several rhythmic and structural patterns as well as the inclusion of couplets are elements influenced by the sonnet form developed by English poet and playwright William Shakespeare (1564–1616).
As the last in the famed collection of sonnets written by English poet and playwright William Shakespeare from 1592 to 1598, Sonnet 154 is most often thought of in a pair with the previous sonnet, number 153.
 As A. L. Rowse states in "Shakespeare's Sonnets: The Problems Solved", Sonnets 153 and 154 "are not unsuitably placed as a kind of coda to the Dark Lady Sonnets, to which they relate."
 Rowse calls attention to the fact that Sonnets 153 and 154 "serve quite well to round off the affair Shakespeare had with Emilia, the woman characterized as the Dark Lady, and the section of the Dark Lady sonnets".
 Shakespeare used Greek mythology to address love and despair in relationships.
 The material in Sonnets 153 and 154 has been shown to relate to the six-line epigram by the Byzantine poet known as Marianus Scholasticus, who published a collection of 3,500 poems called "The Greek Anthology".
 When translated, the epigram resembles Sonnets 153 and 154, addressing love and the story of Cupid, the torch, and the Nymph's attempt to extinguish the torch.
Isabella Cervoni (Colle Val d'Elsa, 1575–1600) was an Italian poet of the Counter-Reformation period, active between 1590 and 1600.
 She wrote encomiastic and polemical poems addressed to numerous secular and religious dignitaries of the Italian Renaissance, including Pope Clement VIII, Maria de' Medici, Christina of Lorraine and Henry IV of France.
 She was praised for her talent and ambition by Cristoforo Bronzini in his 1625 dialogue "Della dignità delle donne, dialogo…settimana prima e giornata quarta" as having "given the world many beautiful and spiritual compositions" despite her "most tender age."
