Trust is a 1990 American dark romantic comedy starring Adrienne Shelly and Martin Donovan.
 It is the second feature film from writer-director Hal Hartley.
Circus Days (1923) is a feature length silent film comedy starring child actor Jackie Coogan, directed by Eddie Cline, produced by Sol Lesser and Jackie Coogan's own production company, and distributed through Associated First National Pictures.
Something's Got to Give is an unfinished 1962 American feature film, directed by George Cukor for Twentieth Century-Fox and starring Marilyn Monroe, Dean Martin and Cyd Charisse.
 A remake of "My Favorite Wife" (1940), a screwball comedy starring Cary Grant and Irene Dunne, it was Monroe's last work, but from the beginning its production was disrupted by her personal troubles, and after her death on August 5, 1962, the film was abandoned.
 Most of its completed footage remained unseen for many years.
Still Crazy is a 1998 British comedy film about a fictional 1970s rock band named "Strange Fruit", who, after being split up for two decades, are persuaded to get back together to perform at a reunion of the same concert venue where they played their last gig.
 The film focuses on the personal lives of the band members and those closest to them, and their individual experiences with approaching middle-age and the success that eluded them.
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is a 1998 British crime comedy film written and directed by Guy Ritchie, produced by Matthew Vaughn and starring an ensemble cast featuring Jason Flemyng, Dexter Fletcher, Nick Moran, Jason Statham, Steven Mackintosh, Vinnie Jones, and Sting.
Easy Come, Easy Go is a 1967 American musical film comedy starring Elvis Presley.
 Hal Wallis produced the film for Paramount Pictures, and it was his final movie for Elvis Presley.
 The film co-starred Dodie Marshall, Pat Harrington, Jr., Pat Priest, Elsa Lanchester and Frank McHugh.
 (It was McHugh's last feature film.)
 The movie reached #50 on the "Variety" magazine national box office list in 1967.
Taron David Egerton (born 10 November 1989) is a Welsh actor.
 He is known for his roles in the British television series "The Smoke" and the 2014 action comedy film "".
 He has also played Edward Brittain in the 2014 drama film "Testament of Youth", appeared in the 2015 crime thriller film "Legend", starred as Eddie "The Eagle" Edwards in the 2016 biographical film "Eddie the Eagle", voiced Johnny in the 2016 animated musical film "Sing", and reprised his role in the 2017 sequel "".
 His upcoming films include "Billionaire Boys Club" and "Robin Hood".
Confessions of a Sexist Pig is a 1998 American independent romantic comedy starring Edward Kerr and Traylor Howard.
 It was directed and written by Sandy Tung.
 It won Best Feature Film at the New Orleans International Film Festival, and the Werner Fassbinder Award at the Mannheim-Heidelberg International Film Festival.
Eaten by Lions is a British comedy feature film written and directed by Jason Wingard.
 The film stars Antonio Aakeel, Jack Carroll, Johnny Vegas, and Asim Chaudhry.
 The Film is the feature-length adaptation of the director's 2013 short film 'Going to Mecca' which won best comedy at the Manchester International Film Festival.
 The feature follows half-brothers Omar and Pete as they embark on a journey to find Omar's estranged father, confronting him on the day of his daughters engagement party.
Sweet Revenge is a 1998 British comedy film written and directed by Malcolm Mowbray.
 The screenplay is based on the epic two-part play "The Revengers' Comedies" by Alan Ayckbourn.
