One and All is a tall ship based in Adelaide, and rigged for twelve sails, which are controlled by 100 lines.
 After being launched in 1985, she took part in the First Fleet Re-enactment Voyage as part of Australia's bicentenary celebrations, travelling from Rio de Janeiro back to Australia.
 She was commonly used for sail training, offering courses and voyages that last from between a few hours to many weeks, especially for youth at risk.
 The vessel is run by a group of volunteers.
The 1st Newcastle Engineer Volunteers, later Northumbrian Divisional Engineers, was a Royal Engineer (RE) unit of Britain's Volunteer Force and Territorial Army founded in 1860.
 Its companies saw action in both World Wars, particularly at the Battle of Rosières and the assault crossing of the River Selle in 1918, and on D-Day in 1944.
 Its successors continue to serve in today's Army Reserve.
The 46th (North Midland) Division was an infantry division of the British Army, part of the Territorial Force, that saw service in World War I.
 At the outbreak of the war, the 46th Division was commanded by Major-General Hon. E.J. Montagu-Stuart-Wortley.
 Originally called the North Midland Division, it was redesignated as the 46th Division in May 1915.
Clay Cross Tunnel is a 1,784-yard (1,631 m) tunnel on the former North Midland Railway line near Clay Cross in Derbyshire, England, now part of the Midland Main Line.
The Warsaw Uprising began with simultaneous coordinated attacks at 17:00 hours on August 1, 1944 (W-hour).
 The uprising was intended to last a few days until Soviet forces arrived; however, this never happened, and the Polish forces had to fight almost without any outside assistance.
 Initially the battle raged throughout most of Warsaw, but after a short time it became confined to districts in the West of the town.
 The key factor in the battle was the massive imbalance of weapons between the two sides.
 The German side was extremely well equipped whilst the Polish side had, initially, barely enough ammunition for a few days.
 The policy of "one bullet, one German" allowed the Polish fighters to sustain the uprising for many weeks at the cost of their own lives.
 Some areas fought for a full 63 days before an agreed capitulation took place.
 The losses on the Polish side amounted to 18,000 soldiers killed, 25,000 wounded and over 250,000 civilians killed; those on the German side amounted to over 17,000 soldiers killed and 9,000 wounded.
Wingfield railway station was a railway station built by the North Midland Railway on its line between Derby and Leeds which is now part of the Midland Main Line.
The 59th (2nd North Midland) Division was an infantry division of the British Army during World War I.
 It was formed in late 1914/early 1915 as a 2nd Line Territorial Force formation raised as a duplicate of the 46th (North Midland) Division.
 After training in the United Kingdom and saw service in the Easter Rising in April 1916, the division joined the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) on the Western Front in early 1917.
 It saw action at Ypres and Cambrai, and was almost destroyed during the German Army's Spring Offensive in March 1918.
 The reconstituted division took part in the final advances of the war.
Major-General Arthur Edmund Sandbach, CB, DSO, (30 July 1859 – 25 June 1928) was a British Army general officer who served in the Royal Engineers and on the General Staff, eventually rising to command the 68th (2nd Welsh) and 59th (2nd North Midland) Divisions during the First World War.
George Heald (2 June 1816 – 25 May 1858) was a civil engineer active at the beginning of the 19th century, notable for his role in the building of railways that formed part of the Grand Junction Railway, the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway, the Caledonian Railway and the North Midland Railway.
 Nowadays he is largely forgotten but to his contemporaries and those that followed immediately afterwards, he was one of the key engineers of the early railway age being listed alongside Brunel, Stephenson, Locke and Cubitt in George Drysdale Dempsey's book, the Practical Railway Engineer.
 He was a colleague and friend of Robert Stephenson and also worked with other notable railway engineers such as Joseph Locke and Thomas Brassey.
The North Midland Divisional Engineers was a Territorial Force unit of the British Royal Engineers created in 1908 by conversion of a volunteer infantry battalion from Staffordshire.
 It saw action in World War I at the Hohenzollern Redoubt, Gommecourt, Ypres, Cambrai, the German Spring Offensive and the Hundred Days Offensive, culminating in the assault crossings of the St Quentin Canal, the Selle and the Sambre.
 During World War II its component units saw action in the Battle of France, in Greece, Tunisia, Italy, Normandy and the Rhine crossing.
