Bethesda-by-the-Sea is an Episcopal Church by the Lake Worth Lagoon in Palm Beach, Florida.
 It is the oldest house of worship in Palm Beach.
 The church consists of the main building featuring an example of the gothic revival style surrounding a courtyard.
Lake Worth is a city in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States, which takes its name from the body of water along its eastern border, originally called "Lake Worth", and now generally known as the Lake Worth Lagoon.
 The lake itself was named for General William J. Worth, who led U.S. forces during the last part of the Second Seminole War.
 s of 2010 , the population estimated by the U.S. Census Bureau was 34,910.
 The city is included in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach Metropolitan Area, which is home to approximately 5,563,857 people.
The Lake Worth Historical Museum was established to serve as the repository to preserve the history and culture of the city of Lake Worth, Florida by collecting, organizing and exhibiting artifacts, books, photographs, and other materials which record the development of Lake Worth and the cultural history of the immediate surrounding area.
 The museum is located on the second floor of the Old Lake Worth City Hall at 414 Lake Avenue and is currently open on Wednesday and Friday from 1:00-4:00p.m.
A caisson lock was invented in the late 18th century as a solution to minimise the use of great volumes of water required to raise and lower canal boats through large height differences.
 It was normal to only raise and lower boats through small height differences of a few feet when traversing undulating terrain.
 A solution was required when either large height differences were encountered or water was in short supply.
 The Caisson (or Caisoon) was thought to be one solution.
 The technology of the time was not capable of achieving this type of construction economically with current building materials.
 This design attempted was a type of canal lock in which a narrowboat is floated into a sealed watertight box and raised or lowered between two different canal water levels.
 It was designed primarily as a water-saving measure, and also was an attempt to minimise construction costs compared with other engineering solutions of the time.
 In use it was capable of replacing up to seven conventional locks.
 Other design benefits were speed of boat descent/ascent, and only a little loss of water when operating compared with a conventional boat lock.
The Palm Beach Inlet, also known as the Lake Worth Inlet is an artificial cut through a barrier island connecting the northern part of the Lake Worth Lagoon in Palm Beach County, Florida with the Atlantic Ocean.
 It is bordered by the town of Palm Beach on the south, and by the town of Palm Beach Shores to the north.
 The inlet is also the entrance channel for the Port of Palm Beach.
 Its coordinates are .
The Lake Worth Lagoon is a lagoon located in Palm Beach County, Florida.
 It runs parallel to the coast, and is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by barrier beaches, including Palm Beach Island.
 The lagoon is connected to the Atlantic Ocean by two permanent, man-made inlets.
The South Lake Worth Inlet, also known as the Boynton Inlet, is an artificial cut through a barrier beach connecting the south end of the Lake Worth Lagoon in Palm Beach County, Florida with the Atlantic Ocean.
 The inlet is 130 ft wide and 6 ft and 12 ft deep.
Lake Worth Community High School is a B State of Florida rated public high school located in Lake Worth, Florida.
 Established in 1922 as Lake Worth High School, it is currently one of Palm Beach County's largest schools.
 It has six magnet programs: the award-winning Air Force JROTC led by former Multi-National Award-winning Drill Teams, Tyranny and Fidelis; Medicine and Allied Health; Child Care and Development; Criminal Justice; Culinary and Drafting and Design.
 The Palm Beach County School Board added the word Community to the names of all public high schools, including Lake Worth High School, in the 1980s.
Lake Worth is a Tri-Rail commuter rail station in Lake Worth, Florida, at the confluence of Lake Worth Road (SR 802) and Interstate 95.
 Opening to service January 9, 1989, parking is available at this station, all of which is beneath I-95 on the south side of Lake Worth Road.
Lake Osborne, Florida, USA is a 378-acre (152.9 hectares) lake that is part of a system of once natural freshwater lakes lying along the western slope of the coastal ridge in Palm Beach County just west of the Florida Intracoastal Waterway and Atlantic Ocean.
 It is located within the C-16 drainage basin which occupies approximately 40,031 acres of land (16,200 hectares).
 Five drainage canals discharge directly to Lake Osborne, and Lake Osborne discharges via the E-4 canal to the C16 and C51 canals to the Lake Worth Lagoon.
 The lake is bordered on the west by John Prince Memorial Park, and on the east be the City of Lake Worth.
