Prova is the debut album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi.
 It was released in 1989 by CBS Records Greece.
 It was re-released on CD in 1992, under the Columbia label as a joint package with "Gialia Karfia" (1990).
 In 1996, a separate and hitherto final edition of the album came out on the Greek market.
Sincerely Yours is the second album by R&B/OPM group One Voice.
 The album was supposed to show their growth as artists, but was less successful than their debut album and received mixed reviews.
 Along with the album came a new sexy image, a la Britney Spears.
 The album would only sell 20,000 copies in the United States and 25,000 copies in the Philippines where it only went silver.
 This would be their last album with Kamikaze.
Hip Hop Lives is the collaborative album from MC KRS-One and producer Marley Marl.
 This is a historical album in the sense that 20 years prior, KRS and Marley were bitter rivals involved in the legendary Bridge Wars.
 In an interview with Unkut.com, KRS-One spoke on how the album came together and as it was released 20 years after his debut album Criminal Minded, he and Koch Records wanted something special in celebration of that and decided to get Marley Marl to produce the whole LP.
The Darkest Cloud is the debut album by Chicago rapper Vakill, released May 5, 2003 on Molemen Records [].
 The album came eight long years after the rapper's 1995 debut EP "Who's Afraid?"
 [].
 The album drew acclaim from underground fans and critics alike, due to its dark production and advanced lyricism .
 "The Darkest Cloud" features production from members of The Molemen, and guest appearances from Slug (of Atmosphere), Copywrite, Camu Tao, Breez Evahflowin and Jakki Da Motamouth .
 The album's lead single is "End of Days" b/w "Sickplicity" b/w "The Creed" .
Roll Call is the debut album recorded by girl group IQ.
 During its first release, the album came with a DVD of an introduction featuring IQ, performances and IQ with groups such as B5, Jada and Everlife.
 The album was later sold as an Enhanced CD with the audio and video all on one disc.
Jacob Nana Kwame Otroo , better known by his stage name Quata Budukusu (born 4 June 1981) is a Ghanaian Hiplife,  Afropop, hip hop and Raggie artist, rapper and record producer.
 He became widely known for his debut album, WONIE .
 The album came with a traditional video that went viral on channel O.
All Fates Have Changed is the solo debut album by underground rapper Jus Allah, formerly of the groups Jedi Mind Tricks & Army of the Pharaohs.
 The album was released May 10, 2005 under Babygrande Records.
 The album came five years after his recording debut, on JMT's "Violent by Design".
 Guest appearances on the album are provided by GZA, Chief Kamachi, Lord Jamar, Shabazz the Disciple, Agallah, Virtuoso, T-Ruckus, Evil Dead and Bomshot.
 The album features the singles "G-O-D" b/w "Supreme" and "Pool of Blood" b/w "Hell Razors".
 The last five tracks on the album are all previously released 'Bonus Tracks & Alternate Mixes'.
 "White Nightmare" and "Reign of the Lord" were originally released on Jus' "White Nightmare" single, "Severed and Split" and "Chess King" were both featured on the Omnipotent Records compilation "Era of the Titans", and "Divide & Conquer", produced by Molemen member Panik, was featured on the Molemen compilation "Lost Sessions".
Native Window is the self-titled debut album of American progressive rock band Native Window.
 It was released on June 23, 2009.
 The tracks on the album are all original material composed by the members of the band.
 The album came about soon after the band formed; it was because Steve Walsh, the lead singer for Kansas, would not write any new material.
 Phil Ehart, Rich Williams, Billy Greer, and David Ragsdale got together to write new songs, and released them under the Native Window name.
The First Flower is Play Dead's debut album, recorded at the Jungle Records studio in March 1983.
 Originally titled "The First Flower: A Six Track Album", this album came totally unexpected as the group had disappeared since their last record company Fresh Records had gone under.
 The album was reissued in 1993 as simply "The First Flower" and included ten extra tracks.
 Four of the ten extra tracks featured original guitarist "Re-Vox."
Go to the Top is the debut album by Japanese singer-songwriter Hitomi, released on September 27, 1995 by Avex Trax.
 The first press edition of the album came with the CD case housed inside a hardback case, similar to a book.
 The inside of the back of the case contains a mini-photobook.
 The RIAJ has certified it 2x Platinum, recognizing over 500,000+ shipments throughout Japan.
 On the Oricon charts, the album's peak position was #3, and it stayed on the charts for eight weeks.
