The Atlantic coastal plain is a physiographic region of low relief along the East Coast of the United States.
 It extends 2200 mi from the New York Bight southward to a Georgia/Florida section of the Eastern Continental Divide, which demarcates the plain from the ACF River Basin in the Gulf Coastal Plain to the west.
 The province is bordered on the west by the Atlantic Seaboard fall line and the Piedmont plateau, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Floridian province.
 The Outer Lands archipelagic region forms the insular northeasternmost extension of the Atlantic coastal plain.
The Piedmont is a plateau region located in the eastern United States.
 It sits between the Atlantic Coastal Plain and the main Appalachian Mountains, stretching from New Jersey in the north to central Alabama in the south.
 The Piedmont Province is a physiographic province of the larger Appalachian division which consists of the Piedmont Upland and the Piedmont Lowlands sections.
The Southern coastal plain nonriverine basin swamp is a wetland system found along the southern Atlantic coastal plain and the eastern Gulf coastal plain, and extending into the Florida peninsula.
 These wetlands occur in large, seasonally flooded depressions away from rivers.
 Sites are often forested by trees including bald cypress ("Taxodium distichum"), swamp tupelo ("Nyssa biflora"), evergreen shrubs, and hardwoods.
 Slash pine ("Pinus elliottii") is sometimes found.
 Characteristic shrubs include buckwheat tree ("Cliftonia monophylla"), swamp cyrilla ("Cyrilla racemiflora"), fetterbush lyonia ("Lyonia lucida"), and laurelleaf greenbrier ("Smilax laurifolia").
The Cumberland Plateau is the southern part of the Appalachian Plateau in the Appalachian Mountains of the United States.
 It includes much of eastern Kentucky and Tennessee, and portions of northern Alabama and northwest Georgia.
 The terms "Allegheny Plateau" and the "Cumberland Plateau" both refer to the dissected plateau lands lying west of the main Appalachian Mountains.
 The terms stem from historical usage rather than geological difference, so there is no strict dividing line between the two.
 Two major rivers share the names of the plateaus, with the Allegheny River rising in the Allegheny Plateau and the Cumberland River rising in the Cumberland Plateau in Harlan County, Kentucky.
Southeast Georgia's Lower Coastal Plain is a subregion that encompasses the lowest-lying areas of the Atlantic coastal plain in the state, containing barrier islands, marshes, and swampy lowlands, as well as flat plains and low terraces.
 It differs from Georgia's Upper Coastal Plain in that it is lower in elevation with less relief and wetter soils.
 The United States Environmental Protection Agency defines the Lower Coastal Plain as an ecoregion, part of the larger, interstate Southern Coastal Plain.
Israel's Coastal Plain (Hebrew: מישור החוף‎ ‎ , "Mishor HaḤof") is the coastal plain along Israel's Mediterranean Sea coast, extending 187 km north to south.
 It is a geographical region defined morphologically by the sea, in terms of topography and soil, and also in its climate, flora and fauna.
 It is narrow in the north and broadens considerably towards the south, and is continuous with the exception of the short section where Mount Carmel reaches almost all the way to the sea.
 The Coastal Plain is bordered to the east by - north to south - the topographically higher regions of the Galilee, the low and flat Jezreel Valley, the Carmel range, the mountains of Samaria, the hill country of Judea known as the Shephelah, and the Negev Mountains in the south.
 To the north it is separated from the coastal plain of Lebanon by the cliffs of Rosh HaNikra, which jut out into the sea from the Galille mountains, but to the south it continues into the Egyptian Sinai Peninsula.
The Blackwater River of southeastern Virginia flows from its source near the city of Petersburg, Virginia for about 105 miles (170 km) through the Inner Coastal Plain region of Virginia (part of the Atlantic Coastal Plain).
 The Blackwater joins the Nottoway River to form the Chowan River, which empties into Albemarle Sound.
 The Blackwater-Nottoway confluence forms the boundary between Virginia and North Carolina.
The Atlantic and Gulf Coastal Plain Province is a coastal plain floristic province within the North American Atlantic Region, a floristic region within the Holarctic Kingdom.
 It lies to the east and south of the Appalachian Province, from southern Nova Scotia to eastern Texas.
 The narrow coastal strip in New England widens in New Jersey to a broad plain through the Delmarva Peninsula, Virginia, the Carolinas, southern Georgia, and much of Florida.
 Along the Mississippi Embayment, the province stretches up to the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers in Cairo, Illinois.
 The province can be further subdivided into the Atlantic coastal plain and Gulf coastal plain.
New Jersey is a very geologically and geographically diverse region in the United States' Middle Atlantic region, offering variety from the Appalachian Mountains and the Highlands in the state's northwest, to the Atlantic Coastal Plain region that encompasses both the Pine Barrens and the Jersey Shore, the state's geological features have impacted the course over four centuries of settlement, development, commerce and industry.
York Plateau is located on the Seward Peninsula of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 It is situated beyond the western front of the York Mountains.
 It is a dissected plateau which stands at an elevation of about 600 ft .
 The top of the plateau is smooth and hard.
 The larger streams within the plateau have rather broad valleys, which are cut down nearly to sea level, while the smaller tributaries flow in canyons.
 To the south, the plateau ends in a steep escarpment which is separated from the Bering Sea by a narrow coastal plain or beach.
 Near the settlement of York, the coastal plain has an elevation of about 50 ft , and above this is a higher bench at about 400 ft , which is similar to the plateau in character, but not so extensive.
 The plateau seems to slope more gradually to the Arctic Ocean, from which it is separated by a coastal plain which extends inland for several miles.
 A wide lagoon separates this coastal plain from the Arctic Ocean.
 The surface of the plateau is covered with a thin layer of semiangular gravels.
