The Romance languages (sometimes called the Romanic languages, Latin languages, or Neo-Latin languages) are the modern languages that evolved from Vulgar Latin between the sixth and ninth centuries and that thus form a branch of the Italic languages within the Indo-European language family.
British Latin or British Vulgar Latin was the Vulgar Latin spoken in Great Britain in the Roman and sub-Roman periods.
 While Britain formed part of the Roman Empire, Latin became the principal language of the elite, especially in the more Romanized south and east of the island.
 However, it never substantially replaced the Brittonic language of the indigenous Britons, especially in the less Romanized north and west.
 In recent years, scholars have debated the extent to which British Latin was distinguishable from its continental counterparts, which developed into the Romance languages.
The Eastern Romance languages are a group of Romance languages that developed in Southeast Europe from the local variant of Vulgar Latin.
 Today, the group consists of Romanian and three other related minor languages, Aromanian, Megleno-Romanian and Istro-Romanian.
The Aquitanians (Latin: Aquitani) were a people living in what is now southern Aquitaine and southwestern Midi-Pyrénées, France, called Gallia Aquitania by the Romans in the region between the Pyrenees, the Atlantic ocean, and the Garonne, present-day southwestern France.
 They were an ancient non-Indo-European population that lived in the northern slopes of the Pyrenees.
 They spoke the Aquitanian language, related to Old Basque.
 Classical authors such as Julius Caesar and Strabo clearly distinguish them from the other peoples of Gaul and Hispania (the Iberian Peninsula).
 With the process of Romanization, in the centuries of Roman Empire, they adopted the Latin Language (Vulgar Latin) and Roman civilization.
 Their old language, the Aquitanian language, was the substrate for the Gascon language (one of the Romance languages) spoken in Gascony.
French ("le français" ] or "la langue française" ] ) is a Romance language of the Indo-European family.
 It descended from the Vulgar Latin of the Roman Empire, as did all Romance languages.
 French has evolved from Gallo-Romance, the spoken Latin in Gaul, and more specifically in Northern Gaul.
 Its closest relatives are the other langues d'oïl—languages historically spoken in northern France and in southern Belgium, which French (Francien) has largely supplanted.
 French was also influenced by native Celtic languages of Northern Roman Gaul like Gallia Belgica and by the (Germanic) Frankish language of the post-Roman Frankish invaders.
 Today, owing to France's past overseas expansion, there are numerous French-based creole languages, most notably Haitian Creole.
 A French-speaking person or nation may be referred to as "Francophone" in both English and French.
The Portuguese language developed in the Western Iberian Peninsula from Latin spoken by Roman soldiers and colonists starting in the 3rd century BC.
 Old Portuguese, also known as Galician-Portuguese, began to diverge from other Romance languages after the fall of the Western Roman Empire and the Germanic invasions, also known as barbarian invasions in the 5th century and started appearing in written documents around the 9th century.
 By the 13th century, Galician-Portuguese had become a mature language with its own literature and began to split into two languages.
 In all aspects—phonology, morphology, lexicon and syntax—Portuguese is essentially the result of an organic evolution of Vulgar Latin with some influences from other languages, namely the native Gallaecian language spoken prior to the Roman domination.
Romanian verbs are highly inflective in comparison to English, but markedly simple in comparison to Latin, from which Romanian has inherited its verbal conjugation system (through Vulgar Latin).
 Unlike its nouns, Romanian verbs behave in a similar way to those of other Romance languages such as French, Spanish, and Italian.
 They conjugate according to mood, tense, voice, person and number.
 Aspect is not an independent feature in Romanian verbs, although it does manifest itself clearly in the contrast between the imperfect and the compound perfect tenses as well as within the presumptive mood.
 Also, gender is not distinct except in the past participle tense, in which the verb behaves like an adjective.
Vulgar Latin or Sermo Vulgaris ("common speech") was the nonstandard form(s) of Latin (as opposed to "classical") spoken in the Mediterranean region during and after classical period of the Roman Empire.
 It is from Vulgar Latin that the Romance languages developed; the best known are the national languages Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Romanian, and French.
 Works written in Latin during classical times and the earlier Middle Ages used Classical Latin rather than Vulgar Latin, with very few exceptions (most notably sections of Gaius Petronius' "Satyricon").
 Because of its nonstandard nature, Vulgar Latin had no official orthography.
 Vulgar Latin is sometimes also called colloquial Latin, or Common Romance (particularly in the late stage).
 In Renaissance Latin, Vulgar Latin was called "vulgare Latinum" or "Latinum vulgare."
There are approximately 34 living spoken languages and related dialects in Italy, most of which are indigenous evolutions of Vulgar Latin, and thus are classified as Romance languages.
 Although they are sometimes referred to as regional languages, there is no uniformity within any Italian region, and speakers from one locale within a region are typically very aware of features that distinguish their local language from the speech of other places nearby.
 The official and most widely spoken language is Italian, a descendant of Tuscan.
The La Spezia–Rimini Line (also known as the Massa–Senigallia Line), in the linguistics of the Romance languages, is a line that demarcates a number of important isoglosses that distinguish Romance languages south and east of the line from Romance languages north and west of it.
 The line runs through northern Italy, very roughly from the cities of La Spezia to Rimini.
 Romance languages on the eastern half of it include Italian and the Eastern Romance languages (Romanian, Aromanian, Megleno-Romanian, Istro-Romanian), whereas Spanish, French, Catalan, Portuguese as well as Gallo‒Italic languages are representatives of the Western group.
 (Sardinian does not fit into either Western or Eastern Romance.)
