Main Khiladi Tu Anari (English: "Me, the Player, You, the Unskilled") is a 1994 Indian Hindi action comedy film directed by Sameer Malkan.
 The films screenplay is by Sachin Bhowmick.
 Starring Akshay Kumar, Saif Ali Khan and Shilpa Shetty in pivotal roles, the film went on to become one of the top 5 highest grossing movie of the year and was declared a "SUPER HIT" at the end of its theatrical run.
 It was the second installment in the Khiladi (film series).
 It was the first Bollywood action film to be reviewed by martial arts film critic Albert Valentin on the now defunct KungFuCinema.com The movie is inspired by the 1991 movie "The Hard Way".
If Looks Could Kill (released in the UK as Teen Agent) is a 1991 American action comedy spy film directed by William Dear and stars Richard Grieco.
Yasiin Bey ( ) (born Dante Terrell Smith; December 11, 1973), best known by his stage name Mos Def ( ), is an American hip hop recording artist, actor and activist from Brooklyn, New York City, New York.
 Best known for his music, Mos Def embarked on his hip hop career in 1994, alongside his siblings in the short-lived rap group Urban Thermo Dynamics (UTD), after which he appeared on albums by Da Bush Babees and De La Soul.
 He subsequently formed the duo Black Star, alongside fellow Brooklyn-based rapper Talib Kweli, and they released their eponymous debut album in 1998.
 He was featured on the roster of Rawkus Records and in 1999 released his solo debut, "Black on Both Sides".
 His debut was followed by "The New Danger" (2004), "True Magic" (2006) and "The Ecstatic" (2009).
 The editors at About.com listed him as the 14th greatest emcee of all time on their "50 greatest MC's of our time" list.
The Sidehackers (also known as Five the Hard Way) is a 1969 American action film about motorcycle racing with a twist.
 Each motorcycle has a sidehack (or "sidecar"), in which a passenger rides and tilts to one side or another when going around curves.
 The credits thank the "Southern California Sidehack Association"; sidehacking is also known as sidecarcross or "sidecar motocross racing".
Hudson Hawk is a 1991 American action comedy film directed by Michael Lehmann.
 Bruce Willis stars in the title role and also co-wrote both the story and the theme song.
 Danny Aiello, Andie MacDowell, James Coburn, David Caruso, Lorraine Toussaint, Frank Stallone, Sandra Bernhard, and Richard E. Grant are also featured.
Marcus Vialva, better known by his stage name Shabaam Sahdeeq, is an alternative hip hop artist from Brooklyn, New York.
 He first reached fame with Rawkus Records and was featured alongside artists including Busta Rhymes, Redman, Method Man, Kool G Rap, Common, Mos Def and Eminem.
 Shabaam Sahdeeq is notable for his work on the "Soundbombing" and "Lyricist Lounge" series in the late 1990s and the early 2000s.
 In 1998, Sahdeeq collaborated with DJ Spinna, Mr. Complex and Apani B to form the hip-hop collective Polyrhythm Addicts, a supergroup renowned for its pivotal role in the explosion of late 90's indie hip-hop.
 The single "Not Your Ordinary: gained a positive critical and commercial reception, which paved the way for their first album, "Rhyme Related", released in 1999, and widely regarded as a hip-hop classic.
 After this success, the group disbanded to focus on their individual careers.
 Sahdeeq's distinct voice and unique delivery catapulted him to mainstream stardom on the "Simon Says" Remix alongside label mate Pharoahe Monch.
 He is currently releasing music independently.
 Shabaam Sahdeeq's recent work has been receiving rave reviews in some of the biggest hip-hop publications.
I Learned the Hard Way is the fourth studio album by American soul and funk band Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings, released April 6, 2010 on Daptone Records.
 Production for the album took place at the label's House of Soul Studios during 2009 to 2010 and was handled by Daptone co-founder Gabriel Roth, credited for the album as "Bosco Mann".
 The album debuted at number 15 on the US "Billboard" 200, selling 23,000 copies in its first week.
 Upon its release, "I Learned the Hard Way" received generally positive reviews from most music critics.
Three the Hard Way is a 1974 action blaxploitation film starring Fred Williamson, Jim Brown, and Jim Kelly, written by Eric Bercovici and Jerrold L. Ludwig and directed by Gordon Parks, Jr. The film features the three biggest black action stars of the 1970s in their first movie together.
 According to The New York Times, the theatrical version ran 93 minutes.
 A PG version distributed to television (and released on Xenon VHS tape) runs 105 minutes.
 The Warner DVD ("4 Film Favorites: Urban Action") runs 89 minutes and is missing a song (cut from the theatrical version) and some footage of boats, cars, etc.(cut from the TV version) but includes the language and nudity.
 The theatrical version contains scenes of three topless women, but these scenes were re-shot with them clothed for the TV version.
The Hard Way is a 1991 American action comedy film directed by John Badham, and starring Michael J. Fox and James Woods.
 Stephen Lang, Annabella Sciorra, Luis Guzmán, LL Cool J, Delroy Lindo, Christina Ricci, Mos Def, Kathy Najimy, Michael Badalucco, and Lewis Black appear in supporting roles.
The Last Boy Scout is a 1991 American action comedy film directed by Tony Scott, starring Bruce Willis, Damon Wayans, Chelsea Field, Noble Willingham, Taylor Negron and Danielle Harris.
 The film was released in the United States on December 13, 1991.
