Banned substances in baseball has been an ongoing issue for Major League Baseball.
 Several players have come forward in recent years to suggest that drug use is rampant in baseball.
 David Wells stated that "25 to 40 percent of all Major Leaguers are juiced".
 Jose Canseco stated on "60 Minutes" and in his tell-all book "" that as many as 80% of players used steroids, and that he credited steroid use for his entire career.
 Ken Caminiti revealed that he won the National League MVP award while on steroids.
 In February 2009, after reports emerged alleging that Alex Rodriguez tested positive for steroids in , a year in which he was American League MVP, he admitted to having used performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) between and 2003.
 Mark McGwire, dogged by allegations of PED use for years, admitted in January 2010 that he had used steroids and human growth hormone off and on for over a decade, including in when he set the single-season home run record.
Berk Communication and Marketing Group is an American public relations firm.
 The company is best known for representing D'usse Cognac, Kevin Durant, Robinson Canó, CC Sabathia, Roc Nation Sports, Tao Group, Tidal and Alex Rodriguez.
 Berk was founded in 1999.
 Britney Spears hired Berk Communications in 2002 to promote Nyla, Spears' restaurant in Manhattan's Dylan Hotel.
 In October 2015, MWW, a public relations firm headquartered in New York, acquired a majority stake in Berk.
 The company operates as an independent subsidiary acquisition and has expanded across the United States and Europe.
 Ron Berkowitz is the company's President and CEO.
 In February 2016, Berk signed with The Statler Hotel & Residences as public relations support through the hotel's relaunch.
 When baseball player Alex Rodriguez announced his retirement in 2016, it was also announced that Berk Communications would continue to work with Rodriguez.
 Rodriguez first signed with Berk in 2013.
The 1993 Major League Baseball draft began with first round selections on June 3, 1993.
 Alex Rodriguez was selected first overall by the Seattle Mariners.
 Other notable draftees included Chris Carpenter, Torii Hunter, Jason Varitek, Scott Rolen, future NFL Hall of Famer Marshall Faulk, and Heisman Trophy winner Charlie Ward.
Translating the Name is the debut EP by American rock band Saosin, released on June 17, 2003 through Death Do Us Part.
 The album was released before Anthony Green departed from the band to form the rock band Circa Survive.
 It is also the band's only release to feature bass guitarist Zack Kennedy, as well as the only release to not feature drummer Alex Rodriguez.
 Guitarist Beau Burchell stated that Rodriguez intended to track the drums for Translating the Name but had a prior commitment with his former band Open Hand before he could join.
 Pat Magrath was hired as a session musician and performed with Saosin briefly before Rodriguez joined.
Selena Roberts (born May 16, 1966 in Live Oak, Florida) is an American best-selling author, sportswriter, and digital entrepreneur.
 Previously, she was a senior writer for "Sports Illustrated" and a columnist for "The New York Times".
 Roberts began her career as a beat writer for the Minnesota Vikings at the "Minneapolis Star Tribune" and for the Orlando Magic and Tampa Bay Buccaneers at the "Orlando Sentinel".
 She received a B.A. degree in journalism from Auburn University in 1988 where she was a sports editor for the university paper "The Plainsman".
 She also made frequent appearances on the ESPN talk show "The Sports Reporters".
 In a February 7, 2009 article on SI.com that quickly made the cover of "Sports Illustrated", Roberts revealed that Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez tested positive for steroids in 2003.
Open Hand is an American rock band.
 The band was formed in Hollywood in 1997 by guitarist/vocalist Justin Isham.
 With bassist Michael Anastasi and drummer Alex Rodriguez they released two EPs on Justins own American Propaganda label, Radio Days (1998) and Evolutions (1999).
 After touring they signed with Trustkill Records in 1999.
 In 2000, Trustkill issued The Dream, a collection of the band’s two EPs and bonus unreleased material.
 They continued touring.
 They released the album "You and Me" in 2005 on Trustkill / Roadrunner Records, the band went on to tour extensively all over the world between 2005- 2009.
 Open Hand released "Honey" (Anodyne Records) in 2010.
 The band has continued touring ever since .
 Open Hand is currently writing new material and working on a new record titled 'Weirdo'
The National Classic is a high-school baseball tournament that takes place in Fullerton, California.
 Started in , it is one of the most prestigious high-school baseball tournaments in the country.
 The games are played at local high schools and at California State University Fullerton.
 The tournament invites the top schools from around the country to compete for the National Classic championship in front of an audience of professional and college scouts.
 The tournament is currently sponsored by Diamond Sports.
 A home run derby and a team introduction precedes the games.
 This tournament provides young stars with recognition and the opportunity to play against some of the best teams in the country.
 Some of the 115 professional players who have participated in the tournament are Alex Rodriguez, Dustin Pedroia, and Ian Kennedy.
The 2017 Miami Hurricanes baseball team represented the University of Miami during the 2017 NCAA Division I baseball season.
 The Hurricanes played their home games at Alex Rodriguez Park at Mark Light Field as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
 They were led by head coach Jim Morris, in his 24th season at Miami.
Zachary Ben Hample (born September 14, 1977), known as Zack Hample, is a Major League baseball collector.
 He is known for his claim that he has collected more than 10,000 baseballs from major league stadiums in North America, including Alex Rodriguez's 3,000th career hit and Mike Trout's first career home run.
 Hample has faced criticism from sportswriters, players, and fans, some of whom have pointed out that he has been seen bumping children out of his way in efforts to grab baseballs, as well as the fact that he did not want to return Alex Rodriguez's 3,000th hit ball to him.
 He eventually did, under the condition that the New York Yankees donate $150,000 to a charity, Pitch in for Baseball.
 His mother is Naomi Hample, and his father was writer Stoo Hample.
The Commissioner's Historic Achievement Award is awarded by the Commissioner of Baseball to a group or person who has made a "major impact on the sport" of baseball.
 It is not an annual award; rather, the Commissioner presents the trophy at his discretion.
 The trophy is a gold baseball sitting atop a cylindrical silver base, created by Tiffany & Co. The award has been presented fourteen times by Commissioner Bud Selig: eleven times to players, once to a team, and twice to a non-player.
 Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa were the first to receive the award for their parts in the 1998 MLB home run record chase.
 The most recent recipient is Derek Jeter (2014), who was honored in the final year of his career for being "one of the most accomplished shortstops of all-time".
 The 2001 Seattle Mariners won the award as a team for posting a 116–46 record one season after losing Alex Rodriguez to the Texas Rangers.
 Roberto Clemente, the 2006 awardee, is the only player to receive the award posthumously; his award was accepted by his wife, Vera.
