Trump Plaza is a closed hotel and casino on the Boardwalk in Atlantic City, New Jersey, owned by Trump Entertainment Resorts.
 Designed by architect Martin Stern, Jr., it operated from May 15, 1984 until September 16, 2014.
Icahn Enterprises L.P. is an American conglomerate company headquartered at the General Motors Building in New York City, New York.
 The company has investments in various industries including auto parts, energy, metals, rail cars, casinos, food packaging, real estate and home fashion.
 The company is currently controlled by investor Carl Icahn.
Avianca Holdings (formerly AviancaTaca AirHoldings Inc.) is a Latin American airline holding company formed in February 2010 by the merger of two airlines, Avianca from Colombia and TACA Airlines from El Salvador.
 The company is a subsidiary of Synergy Group, a South American conglomerate based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
 Avianca Holdings S.A. is headquartered in Panama City, Panama.
TVS Group is an Indian diversified industrial conglomerate with its principal headquarters located in Madurai and presence across the Globe.
 Almost all holdings of the group are private.
 The largest and most visible subsidiary is TVS Motor Company, the third-largest two-wheeler manufacturers in India.
 TVS Group, with group revenue of more than US$6 billion, is an automotive conglomerate company, specialized in manufacturing of two-wheeler, three-wheeler, auto-electricals components, high tensile fasteners, die casting products,dealership business, brakes, wheels, tyres, axles, seating systems, fuel injection components, electronic and electrical components and many more.
Trump Entertainment Resorts, Inc. was a gaming and hospitality company that owned and operated the now shuttered Trump Taj Mahal hotel and casino, as well as the now shuttered Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino and the Trump Marina located in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.
 Formerly known as Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts, it was founded in 1995 by Donald Trump, now 45th President of the United States, who has not had any formal role in the company since 2011, if not earlier.
 The company filed for bankruptcy in 2004, 2009 and 2014.
 It has been a subsidiary of Icahn Enterprises since 2016.
Kinney National Services, Inc. (later, Kinney Services, Inc.) was an American conglomerate company from 1966 to 1972.
 Its successors were National Kinney Corporation and Warner Communications.
Cherokee Nation Businesses, LLC (CNB) is an American conglomerate holding company headquartered in Catoosa, Oklahoma, that oversees and manages a number of subsidiary companies.
 CNB is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Cherokee Nation, the largest Native American tribe in the United States.
 CNB operates in the following industries: aerospace and defense, hospitality and entertainment, environmental and construction services, information technology, healthcare, and security and safety.
Michael Dean Cohen (born 1966/67) is an American attorney who works as a lawyer and spokesperson for U.S. President Donald Trump.
 Prior to this appointment he was Executive Vice-President of the Trump Organization and special counsel to Trump.
 Cohen also previously served as co-president of Trump Entertainment and a member of the board of the Eric Trump Foundation, a children's health charity.
 He joined the Trump Organization after having been a partner at Phillips Nizer.
Tribune Media, also known as Tribune Media Company and formerly known as the Tribune Company, is an American conglomerate that is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
 A significant amount of the stock of publicly traded Tribune is held by three firms that were the company's senior debt holders: Oaktree Capital Management (which owns a 23% interest), Angelo, Gordon & Co. and JPMorgan Chase (which both own 9%).
 Tribune announced its sale to Hunt Valley, Maryland-based conglomerate Sinclair Broadcast Group on May 8, 2017 (the deal is expected to receive FCC approval sometime in the 4th quarter of 2017).
Golden Nugget Atlantic City is a hotel, casino, and marina located in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
 Opened in 1985 as Trump's Castle, it was renamed Trump Marina in 1997.
 Landry's, Inc. purchased the casino from Trump Entertainment Resorts in February 2011, and the sale was approved in late May.
 Landry's took control of the property on May 23, 2011.
