"The Day Before I Met You" is a song by Australian recording artist Jessica Mauboy from the platinum edition of her third studio album, "Beautiful".
 It was released on 13 February 2015 as the album's sixth overall single and the second single from the platinum edition.
 "The Day Before I Met You" was written by Antonio Dixon, Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds, Khristopher Riddick-Tynes, Helen Jane Culver and Mauboy.
 Dixon and Edmonds also produced the song with The Rascals.
 "The Day Before I Met You" is a pop love song which features an acoustic guitar riff and "very low pitched" vocals in its verses.
 Lyrically, Mauboy sings about "not wanting to go back to a time before that special someone was in her life".
Urusei Yatsura no Theme ~Lum no Love Song／「Mii」 (うる星やつらのテーマ～ラムのラブソング～／「ミィ」 / "Theme of Urusei Yatsura ~Love Song of Lum~/"Me"") is the fourteenth single released by Japanese artist misono on September 23, 2009.
 The single was released the same day as her first cover album "Cover Album."
 The single charted well on Oricon, taking the #18 position for the week; however, the single only remained on the charts for two weeks.
"A Love Song" is a song written by Lee Greenwood and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Rogers.
 It was released in October 1982 as the second single from his album "Love Will Turn You Around".
 The song reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada."
 "A Love Song" was originally recorded by Greenwood on his 1982 album "Inside Out".
Anmol Gagan Maan (Gagandeep Kaur Maan) is a Punjabi Singer known for her Punjabi Folk, Bhangra songs.She has done her graduation from M.C.M. D.A.V. College Chandigarh, with Music & Psychology as major.
 In 2004 she has won a World Folk Dance(Jhumar, Bhangra, Giddha) Competition in England and Russia.
 In year 2013, she was crowned as Miss Mohali Punjaban at Miss World Punjaban.
 She has over half a million fan on her Facebook fan page.
 She was even nominated for her debut song Sohni in 2014.
 Punjabi Music Best Debut vocalist (Female) Award, Punjabi Music Best folk oriented Vocalist Award for Sohni in 2014, Shoukeen Jatt in 2015 and Punjabi Music Best pop Vocalist (Female) Award for Kala Sher in 2016, Anmol Gagan Maan and her father launched a band with label named punjabo on April 14 2017 along with 11 female members of band
"Crazy in Love" is a song by American singer Beyoncé featuring American rapper Jay-Z, from Beyoncé's debut solo studio album "Dangerously in Love" (2003).
 Both artists wrote and composed the song in collaboration with Rich Harrison and Eugene Record; the former also produced it with Beyoncé.
 Using samples from The Chi-Lites's 1970 song "Are You My Woman (Tell Me So)", "Crazy in Love" is an R&B and pop love song that incorporates elements of hip hop, soul, and 1970s-style funk music.
 Its lyrics describe a romantic obsession that causes the protagonist to act out of character.
Owari no Hoshi no Love Song (終わりの惑星のLove Song ) is a Japanese pop music concept album produced by Jun Maeda featuring vocalist Nagi Yanagi.
 It was released on April 25, 2012 by Flaming June, an independent record label established by Maeda.
 Two of the album's thirteen tracks were previously released on the single "Killer Song" at Comiket 81 on December 29, 2011.
 Two different editions of the album were released: a regular CD version and a CD+DVD limited edition.
 "Owari no Hoshi no Love Song" peaked at No. 6 on the Japanese Oricon weekly albums chart.
"Feels Just Like a Love Song" is a song co-written and recorded by American country artist Sara Evans.
 It was released to country radio in July 2009, and as a digital download on August 18, 2009.
 "Feels Just Like a Love Song" is the twenty-third single release of Evans' career.
"Tunak Tunak Tun" (Punjabi: ਤੁਣਕ ਤੁਣਕ ਤੁਣ ) or simply "Tunak", is a bhangra/pop love song by Indian artist Daler Mehndi released in 1998.
 At the time, critics complained that Mehndi's music was only popular due to his videos that featured beautiful women dancing.
 Mehndi's response was to create a video that featured only himself.
 The music video was the first made in India using greenscreen technology, which allowed the singer to superimpose his image over various computer-generated backgrounds such as desert and mountain landscapes and St. Basil's Cathedral.
Lum no Love Song (ラムのラブソング / "Love Song of Lum") is the debut single of Japanese pop singer Yuko Matsutani.
 The single was released on October 21, 1981 and was created as the theme song for the anime series "Urusei Yatsura."
 The song was used as the theme song from its debut on October 14, 1981 until the 77th episode released on July 20, 1983.
“This Ain’t a Love Song” is the lead single from Bon Jovi’s 1995 album "These Days".
 It reached #14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #11 on the Mainstream Top 40 and it reached #6 on the UK Singles Chart.
 The song is an example of the strong rhythm and blues influence that Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora wanted the "These Days" album to have, and the final result by the Q is alternative rock according to the critics of the magazine.
 The official music video was shot at Wat Ratchaburana in Ayuthaya, Thailand; and directed by Andy Morahan.
 A Spanish version, "Como Yo Nadie Te Ha Amado," was also recorded, however the Spanish version is different from the original because the lyrics are different and it talks about how nobody really love the two people that are in a relationship.
 Mexican singer Yuridia covered the Spanish version on her second studio album "Habla El Corazón" which peaked at #16 on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart.
 Yuridia's cover received was nominated at the 2008 Latin Billboard Awards for Latin Pop Airplay of the Year by a Female Artist.
 Her cover also led to Jon Bon Jovi winning an ASCAP Latin Award in the Pop/Ballad field.
