The 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy (officially known as Wills International Cup, also known as Mini World Cup) was a One Day International (ODI) cricket tournament held in Bangladesh.
 It was the first tournament apart from the World Cups to involve all Test playing nations.
 The winners of the Knock-out stage—India, South Africa, Sri Lanka and Indies—reached the semi-finals.
 South Africa made their way to the final by defeating Sri Lanka in the first semi-final by 92 runs; the match was reduced to 39 overs per innings due to rain.
 In the second semi-final, West Indies defeated India by six wickets, and qualified for the final.
These were the nine squads (all Test nations) picked to take part in the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy, the first installment of the Champions Trophy cricket tournament.
 The tournament was held in Bangladesh from 24 October to 2 November 1998.
 Teams could name a preliminary squad of 30, but only 14-man squads were permitted for the actual tournament, one month before the start of the tournament.
 In the knockout tournament, New Zealand and Zimbabwe were the only teams to play a pre-quarter final match.
 New Zealand won the match and qualified for the quarter-final where they faced Sri Lanka.
 South Africa won the inaugural edition of the ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final by four wickets.
These were the eleven squads (all Test nations and two ODI nations) picked to take part in the 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy, the second installment of the Champions Trophy cricket tournament.
 The tournament was held in Kenya from 3 to 15 October 2000.
 In the preliminary quarter finals, two ODI full-status teams Kenya and Zimbabwe played with India and Sri Lanka respectively, and India and Sri Lanka won their matches convincingly.
 In third preliminary quarter final, England beat Bangladesh to secure his position in Knockout Tournament.
 New Zealand won the second edition of the ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating India in the final by four wickets, which was their first ICC event to be won.
Guy Philip Randall-Johnson (born 8 December 1959) is a former English cricketer and umpire from Crediton, Devon.
 Randall-Johnson initially played Minor counties cricket for Devon between 1987 and 1991.
 In 1993, Randall-Johnson first stood as an umpire in a Minor Counties Championship match between Dorset and Wales Minor Counties.
 Two years later he stood in his first MCCA Knockout Trophy match, played between Cornwall and Devon.
 He stood in his first List A match in the 1999 NatWest Trophy played between the Somerset Cricket Board and Bedfordshire.
 Between 1999 and 2003 he stood in 7 List A matches, the last of which he stood was between Dorset and Buckinghamshire in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was held in 2003.
 Randall-Johnson stood as an umpire in Minor counties cricket until 2008, by which time he had stood in 54 Minor Counties Championship matches and 25 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches.
 He made headlines in 2006 for walking out of a Minor Counties Championship match after being on the receiving end of abuse from Berkshire players after he gave Berkshire captain Julian Wood out LBW.
 After not getting an apology from the players, he walked out of the game, with others having to deputise for him.
The 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy was a One Day International cricket tournament held in Kenya (which helped to booster cricket in Kenya).
 New Zealand were crowned champions and cashed the winner's cheque of US$250 000.
 It was their first win in a major ICC tournament.
 Zaheer Khan, Yuvraj Singh and Marlon Samuels made their ODI debuts during the competition.
Davies made his 2nd XI debut for Glamorgan vs MCC young cricketers and has to date made over 25 appearances for the county.
 He later made his Test Match debut for Wales Minor Counties against Lincolnshire in the 2009 MCCA Knockout Trophy.
 His Minor Counties Championship debut came in the same season against Shropshire.
 To date he has made fourteen Minor Counties Championship and ten MCCA Knockout Trophy appearances.
 While studying for a degree in Sports Coaching at the University of Wales Institute, Cardiff, Davies made his debut in first-class cricket for Cardiff MCCU against Somerset in 2012 at Taunton Vale Sports Club Ground, making scores of 42 and 14.
Lindum Sports Club Ground is a cricket ground in Lincoln, Lincolnshire.
 The first recorded match on the ground was in 1861, when Lincolnshire played an All-England Eleven.
 Lincolnshire played their first Minor Counties Championship match at the ground in 1907 against Staffordshire.
 Lincolnshire used the ground during a number of periods during the 21st century, playing their final Minor Counties Championship match at the ground in 2000 against Cumberland.
 The first MCCA Knockout Trophy watch played the ground saw Lincolnshire play Bedfordshire in 1996.
 From 1996 to 2007, the ground held 4 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches, with the final match played on the ground to date against Lincolnshire and Staffordshire.
Sridharan Sharath (born 31 October 1972, in Madras, Tamil Nadu) is a former Indian cricketer who played first class cricket for the Tamil Nadu cricket team.
 A left-handed batsman, in 134 first class matches he made 8390 runs at 51.47 with 27 hundreds, making him one of the most prolific batsman in Indian domestic cricket history.
 Although he never got to represent his country at Test or ODI cricket, he did get to play for India A on numerous occasions.
 He is the only Tamil Nadu player to have played 100 Ranji Trophy games.
Digswell Park is a cricket ground in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire.
 The first recorded match on the ground was in 1866 between The Node and Southgate.
 In 2000, the ground hosted its only Minor Counties Championship match to date, which was between Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire.
 In 2003, the ground hosted 2 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches.
 Hertfordshire resumed their usage of Digswell Park and have to date played 4 further MCCA Knockout Trophy matches on the ground.
Peter William Kingston-Davey (22 October 1940) is a former English cricket umpire from Tiverton, Devon.
 In 1995, Kingston-Davey first stood as an umpire in a Minor Counties Championship match between Dorset and Wales Minor Counties.
 Two years later he stood in his first MCCA Knockout Trophy match, played between Dorset and Wales Minor Counties.
 He stood in his first List A match in the 1999 NatWest Trophy played between Devon and Berkshire.
 Between 1999 and 2003 he stood in 5 List A matches, the last of which he stood in was between Devon and Suffolk in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was held in 2003.
 Peter-Kingston stood as an umpire in Minor counties cricket until 2006, by which time he had stood in 39 Minor Counties Championship matches and 15 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches.
