Todo un hombre ("What a Man") is a 1943 Argentine romantic drama film directed by Pierre Chenal on his Latin film debut, and starring Francisco Petrone
Native Son (1951), also known as Sangre negra, is a black-and-white Argentine film directed by the French filmmaker Pierre Chenal.
The Lafarge Case (French: "L'Affaire Lafarge" ) was a 1938 French language film directed by Pierre Chenal.
Le Dernier tournant (a.k.a. "The Last Turning") is a 1939 French drama film directed by Pierre Chenal, written by Charles Spaak and Henri Torrès, based on novel "The Postman Always Rings Twice" by James M. Cain.
The Man from Nowhere (French: L'Homme de nulle part) is a 1937 French drama film directed by Pierre Chenal and starring Pierre Blanchar, Isa Miranda and Catherine Fonteney.
 It was made at the Cines studios in Rome, and based on Luigi Pirandello's 1904 novel "Il fu Mattia Pascal".
 A separate Italian-language version of the film was also produced.
Les mutinés de l'Elseneur is a 1936 French action film directed by Pierre Chenal and starring Jean Murat, Winna Winifried and André Berley.
 A journalist takes command of a ship after the crew mutiny against the brutal captain.
 It was an adaptation of the novel "The Mutiny of the Elsinore" by Jack London.
 - En toile de fond servi la barque allemand quatre-mâts "Padua"; capitaine du voilier était "Robert Clauss", le quatre-mâts-barque aujourd'hui comme un navire école Krusenstern sous le drapeau russe.
Crime and Punishment (French: "Crime et châtiment") is a 1935 French crime drama, produced by Général Productions and distributed by Les Grands Spectacles Cinématographiques.
 It was directed by Pierre Chenal and produced by Michel Kagansky starring Harry Baur along with Pierre Blanchar.
Poetic realism was a film movement in France of the 1930s.
 More a tendency than a movement, poetic realism is not strongly unified like Soviet Montage or French Impressionism but were individuals who created this lyrical style.
 Its leading filmmakers were Pierre Chenal, Jean Vigo, Julien Duvivier, Marcel Carné, and, perhaps the movement's most significant director, Jean Renoir.
 Renoir made a wide variety of films some influenced by the leftist Popular Front group and even a lyrical short feature film.
 Frequent stars of these films were Jean Gabin, Michel Simon, Simone Signoret, and Michèle Morgan.
Viaje sin regreso is a 1946 Argentine black-and-white film written by Hugo Mac Dougall and directed by Pierre Chenal.
L'Alibi is a 1937 French-language film directed by Pierre Chenal.
 It was released in April 9, 1939 by Columbia Pictures.
 Erich von Stroheim played the lead role.
