The TJX Companies, Inc. (), is an American apparel and home goods company based in Framingham, Massachusetts.
 It claims to be the largest international apparel and home fashions off-price department store chain in the United States.
 The company evolved from the Zayre discount department store chain, founded in 1956, which opened its first branch of T.J.Maxx in 1976 and its first BJ's Wholesale Club in 1984.
 In 1988, Zayre sold its nameplate to rival Ames, and T.J.Maxx was renamed "The TJX Companies, Inc.".
John Francis Geisse (September 1, 1920 – February 21, 1992) was an American businessman, the founder of three successful retail chains: Target Discount Stores; Venture Stores; and The Wholesale Club, which merged in 1991 with Sam’s Club.
U.S. Vision, a wholly owned subsidiary of Refac Optical Group, is an international optometric dispensary chain.
 The vast majority of these locations are leased spaces in large department stores, such as J.C. Penney, Boscov's, and The Bay.
 As of May 8, 2007, 500 locations in 47 states and Canada are in operation, consisting of licensed departments and freestanding stores.
 In early 2008, due to an acquisition of BJ's Optical Centers located in many BJ's Wholesale Clubs, that number has grown to approximately 650 locations.
 U.S. Vision deals mainly in prescription eyewear, contact lenses, and optometry offices.
The Occupy Wall Street protests have inspired a wide international response.
 There have been hundreds of Occupy movement protests worldwide over time, intended and organized as non-violent protest.
 This is a list of some of their locations.
 Months before the Occupy movement began, the Movimiento 15-M planned to hold events in many nations on October 15, 2011.
 The Occupy movement joined in and also held many events in many nations on that day.
 A list of proposed events for the 15 October 2011 global protests listed events in 951 cities in 82 countries.
 Reportedly the large manifestation in Rome ended in violence.
 Protest camps were built at many of the protest locations from Honolulu to Zeulenroda, often near banking institutions or stock markets.
 Many locations had further manifestations at the following weekends until "Guy-Fawkes" day since the Guy Fawkes mask had become protester fashion.
 Many US-American Occupy groups kept activity alive until spring 2012, some are still active.
Alamance Crossing is a lifestyle center (outdoor shopping mall) in Burlington, North Carolina, United States.
 Opened in 2007, it is the second shopping mall in the city, as well as the larger.
 Alamance Crossing comprises more than seventy tenants, including eight major anchor stores: (Belk, Dillard's, JCPenney), Barnes & Noble, Hobby Lobby, Kohl's, Dick's Sporting Goods and BJ's Wholesale Club.
 It was developed by CBL & Associates Properties, who also manages it.
Clubes City Club is the wholesale club of Mexican grocery store Soriana founded in 2002, in this same year it opened the first club in Torreón, Coahuila, in Fundadores Square, that also has a Soriana store.
 As of 2013 it has 32 stores.
Wholesale Club is a chain of warehouse clubs owned by Loblaw Companies with locations across Canada.
 The chain was formerly named The Real Canadian Wholesale Club, a reference to Loblaw's hypermarket banner Real Canadian Superstore (both banners originated in Western Canada).
BJ's Wholesale Club Inc., commonly referred to simply as BJ's, is an American membership-only warehouse club chain operating on the United States East Coast, as well as in the state of Ohio.
D'abadie is a suburb of Arima in Tunapuna-Piarco in Trinidad and Tobago.
 Its estimated population is 26,000 people.
 Some businesses include Arawak Chicken Factory, D'abadie Discount Hardware Limited, Dawn and Damien Auto Supplies & Accessories, Omega Electrical & General Services Limited,Cedric Dookie Supermarket and PriceSmart Wholesale Club.
 Some schools include Pinehaven S.D.A. Primary School and D'abadie Government Primary School.
 One of its attractions is Cleaver Woods, a park dedicated to the history and culture of the indigenous Caribs.
Edward Phelan, also Phalen or Felyn, was an early settler of Saint Paul, Minnesota.
 Phelan was born in approximately 1811 in Derry, Ireland and later became, along with John Hays and William Evans, one of the first settlers of Saint Paul.
 Phelan was later accused of Hays' murder, the first ever in Saint Paul, but was acquitted.
 He was indicted for perjury a year later but fled to California before he could be prosecuted.
 Phelan was killed by his companions in what they describe as self-defense before he could reach California.
 Many locations in Saint Paul, Minnesota are named after Phelan as a result of his early land claims.
 Phelan's name was spelled variously and as a result most locations are named Phalen and not Phelan
