Commelina lukei is a monocotyledonous, herbaceous plant in the dayflower family from East Africa.
 This blue-flowered herb has been recorded in lowland areas of Kenya, Tanzania (including Zanzibar), and Madagascar, where it is found in a variety of habitats ranging from forests to grasslands to roadsides.
 Described in 2008, the species was previously confused with "Commelina mascarenica" and "Commelina imberbis".
 Despite this misinterpretation, a third similar species, "Commelina kotschyi", is actually most closely related to "C. lukei".
 The plant's distinctive features include a scrambling habit, capsules with a rounded extension at the apex, appendaged seeds, clasping leaf bases throughout, and solely needle-like hairs along the upper side of the leaf's midrib.
 The species was named in honour of the botanist W. Q. R. Luke, whose collection of the plant served as the type specimen and allowed for a complete illustration and description.
Kuemmerling is the brandname of a type of Kräuterlikör (herb liqueur) from Germany, belonging to the group of Halbbitter (semi bitters).
Malacothrix incana is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name dunedelion.
 It is endemic to California, where it grows only in sand dunes on the beaches of the Channel Islands and isolated spots along the mainland coastline in San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara Counties.
 The type specimen was collected in San Diego, but the plant no longer occurs there.
 This is a perennial herb forming a leafy mound up to about 70 centimeters in maximum height.
 It may be hairless to densely hairy.
 The leaves are smooth-edged or have dull lobes.
 Leaves at the base of the stem are similar to those distal.
 The inflorescence is an array of flower heads lined with hairless phyllaries.
 The ray florets are one or two centimeters long and yellow in color.
Alternanthera ficoidea is a type of herb belonging to the Amarathaceae family.
 It is also known as "Alternanthera tenella," and is common and widespread throughout the tropics.
 It is in fact an endemic herb in the Western Ghats of India.
 However it is invasive to the island of Palau, and Philippines.
 The herb has been introduced to Japan, and many other Pacific islands, where they are not invasive.
 Propagation occurs via seeds.
Ruppia polycarpa is a submerged aquatic herb species in the genus "Ruppia" found in shallow brackish waters.
 It is a common submerged herb on Australasian coasts, including Australia (NSW; SA; Vic; WA) and New Zealand (type locality).
Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum is a species of succulent plant in the "Mesembryanthemum" genus known by the common name slenderleaf iceplant.
 It is the type species for the genus.
 It is native to Israel and Jordan, as also endemic to southern Africa, but it is known in many other places as an introduced species and sometimes an invasive weed, including several regions of Australia, parts of the western United States and adjacent Mexico, and some Atlantic islands.
 This is a usually annual herb forming a mostly prostrate clump or mat of stems up to about 20 centimeters in maximum length.
 The small stem branches are lined with knob-like cylindrical fleshy leaves up to 2 centimeters long.
 The herbage is green to bright red and visibly bumpy with shiny, bubble-like papillae. Flowers are solitary or borne in loose clusters.
 Each is about half a centimeter wide with many narrow to thready white or pale yellow petals.
 The fruit is a capsule which opens when it becomes wet, releasing seeds.
A physic garden is a type of herb garden with medicinal plants.
 Botanical gardens developed from them.
The International Typeface Corporation (ITC) was a type manufacturer founded in New York in 1970 by Aaron Burns, Herb Lubalin, and Edward Rondthaler.
 The company was one of the world's first type foundries to have no history in the production of metal type.
 It is now a wholly owned brand or subsidiary of Monotype Imaging.
Moretum is a type of herb cheese spread that the Ancient Romans ate with bread.
 A typical moretum was made of herbs, fresh cheese, salt, oil and some vinegar.
 Optionally, different kinds of nuts could be added.
 The contents were crushed together in a mortar, hence the name.
Stillingia spinulosa is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name annual toothleaf.
 It is native to the southwestern United States where it occurs in the creosote scrub of the deserts.
 It is an annual or perennial herb producing a clump of thick, leafy stems approaching a meter in maximum height.
 The alternately arranged leaves have shiny pointed oval blades 2 to 4 centimeters long and up to 1.2 centimeters wide which are lined with sharp teeth.
 The inflorescence is a stout spike of flowers 1 to 2 centimeters long.
 The plant is monoecious, and each spike has several male flowers at the tip and 1 or 2 fruit-bearing female flowers below these.
 Neither type of flower has petals.
 The ovary of the female flower develops into a three-lobed greenish capsule about half a centimeter wide.
 There is a tiny rough-surfaced seed in each of the three chambers of the fruit.
