Toby Scott (not to be confused with Los Angeles rapper Toby Scott Ganger) is a music recording engineer, mixer and record producer.
 Scott has worked extensively with Bruce Springsteen, recording and mixing albums for the singer since 1978.
 Scott has also worked with other prominent artists such as Bob Dylan, Bette Midler, The Manhattan Transfer, Booker T and the MGs, Tommy Tutone, Steve Van Zandt, Robert Palmer, Blue Öyster Cult, and The Replacements.
 Additionally, he has recorded and mixed projects for commercials, movies, and television.
Leah Ray Hubbard Werblin (February 16, 1915 – May 27, 1999) was an American singer born in Norfolk, Virginia who performed in the Big Band era and who sang and acted in more than a dozen motion pictures.
Sylvester Antolak (September 10, 1916 St. Clairsville, Ohio – May 24, 1944 Cisterna di Littoria, Italy) was a United States Army Sergeant who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for actions on May 24, 1944.
 Sergeant Antolak was an American of Polish descent.
 He joined the army from his hometown in July 1941.
Dinmukhamed Kanatuly Kudaibergen () is a Kazakh singer born on May 24, 1994 in Aktobe, Kazakhstan.
 Dimash's parents Kanat Kudaibergenovich and Svetlana Aitbayeva are honored music artists of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
 Dimash is a tenor altino.
 He was the 2015 Grand Prix winner of the Slavianski Bazaar in Vitebsk In the same year, he was named the "Nation's Favorite" (kazakh. "
Халықтың сүйіктісі"), participant of the international festival "ABU TV song" in Istanbul, Turkey, and awarded with the Certificate of Honor of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan for an important contribution into strengthening the unity of the people in Kazakhstan.
 He placed second in "Singer 2017".
Kenneth J. Diono, known professionally as Kenny Dino (July 12, 1939 – December 10, 2009) was an American singer born in Astoria, Queens, New York.
Laura Turner is an American singer born in Houston, Texas.
 She came to public notice following the release of her album "Soul Deep" on Curb Records in 2003.
Christopher Edward Medina (born November 30, 1983) is an American singer born in Chicago, Illinois.
 In late 2010 he auditioned for "American Idol" making it to the top 40 before being eliminated.
 He is most famous for his hit "What Are Words", which reached number 1 in Sweden and Norway; it also charted in Denmark and made it to number 83 on Billboard Hot 100.
Douglas D. Scott is an American archaeologist most notable for his work at the Little Bighorn in the mid-1980s.
 Working with Richard Fox, Melissa Connor, Doug Harmon, and staff and volunteers from the National Park Service, Scott worked to sketch out a field methodology that has enabled archaeologists to systematically investigate battlefields.
 This work is internationally recognized as constituting a great step forward in our ability to interpret battlefields archaeologically, regardless of the extent of the historical record.
 At the Little Bighorn, the fieldwork produced an interpretation of the battle that for the first time gave a clear understanding of the way the battle developed and pointed out some of the glaring inaccuracies of the historiography of the event.
 The fieldwork also helped determine which of the 242 headstones to the 210 U.S. soldiers lost at the Little Bighorn were erroneous, and recovered skeletal elements allowed one of the soldiers to be positively identified.
 It was not as successful in recovering the remains of 24 men lost in Deep Ravine and whose whereabouts are unknown to this day.
Carol Sloane (born March 5, 1937) is an American jazz singer born in Providence, Rhode Island, who has been singing professionally since she was 14, although for a time in the 1970s she worked as a legal secretary in Raleigh, North Carolina.
 In addition, between September 1967 and May 1968, she occasionally wrote album reviews for "Down Beat".
 She currently lives in Stoneham, Massachusetts.
Meredith D'Ambrosio (born 1941) is an American jazz singer born in Boston, Massachusetts.
