Devil's Food is a singles compilation by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers, released in April 2005 on Mid-Fi records.
The Original Singles: 1965–1967, Volume 1 is a compilation album by American rock 'n' roll band The Byrds.
 Originally released in 1980, it offered, for the first time, all of the mono single versions of the Byrds' singles released between 1965 and early 1967.
 The tracks on the album are laid out chronologically by release date of the single, and features the A-side first, then the B-side.
 For example, the Byrds' first single was "Mr. Tambourine Man" with "I Knew I'd Want You" on the B-side.
 The next single was "All I Really Want to Do" with "I'll Feel a Whole Lot Better" on the B-side, and so forth.
This is Music: The Singles 92–98 is a singles compilation album by the English alternative rock band The Verve.
 The compilation was released in November 2004 and included two previously unreleased tracks: "This Could Be My Moment" and "Monte Carlo" (see 2004 in music).
 The album was named after a track by the same name off their 1995 album "A Northern Soul".
 The album cover is based on the cover of their 1992 single, "She's a Superstar".
Substance is a singles compilation album by English rock band Joy Division.
 It was released on 11 July 1988 by Factory Records.
 It is the companion to a similar singles compilation by their subsequent band New Order, also entitled "Substance".
 It peaked at number 7 on the UK Albums Chart and 146 on the "Billboard" 200, the band's only chart appearance in the United States.
 It also reached number 15 in New Zealand and number 53 in Australia in August 1988.
Supersuckers are an American rock band.
 Following the relative success of their 1997 foray into country music with the release of "Must've Been High", they have also been known to play country shows under various names, including, of course, the Supersuckers.
The Original Singles: 1967–1969, Volume 2 is a compilation album by American rock 'n' roll band The Byrds.
 Originally released in 1982, it offered, for the first time, all of the mono single versions of the Byrds' singles released between 1967 and early 1969.
 The tracks on the album are laid out chronologically by release date of the single, and features the A-side first, then the B-side.
 For example, the album opens with the "My Back Pages" single, which had that on the A-side and "Renaissance Fair" on the B-side.
 The next single was "Have You Seen Her Face" with "Don't Make Waves" on the B-side, and so forth.
Bill Haley & His Comets were an American rock and roll band, founded in 1952 and continued until Haley's death in 1981.
 The band, also known as Bill Haley and the Comets and Bill Haley's Comets (and variations thereof), was the earliest group of white musicians to bring rock 'n' roll to the attention of America and the rest of the world.
 From late 1954 to late 1956, the group placed nine singles in the Top 20, one of those a number one and three more in the Top Ten.
Verve is the first studio release by English rock band Verve, released in December 1992 on Vernon Yard Recordings in the United States and Hut Records in the United Kingdom.
 It features songs that never appeared on another studio release by The Verve.
 The two singles from the EP would reappear on the B-side compilation "No Come Down" ("Gravity Grave") and the singles compilation "" ("Gravity Grave" and "She's a Superstar").
The 4onthefloor is an American rock and roll band from Minneapolis, MN, formed in 2009.
 The group is known for each member playing a bass drum and for writing all their songs in 4/4 time, evoking their namesake.
 Their music has been featured in such television shows as ABC’s Nashville and A&E’s Duck Dynasty, including a feature as the main theme on the Season 1 DVD.
 The group has produced five original albums and has been featured on a number of compilation albums, including American Buffalo.
 The 4onthefloor’s debut record, 4×4, has been called “one of the best rock and roll records of 2011,” by Indie Media Magazine.
 Their live show is known for keeping “packed crowd[s] intensely involved for an entire show”, with “call-and-response choruses” and “meaty guitar riffs.”
 Their sound has been reviewed as “heavy-stomping blues-rock.”
"I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)" is a 1973 hit single by the English progressive rock band The Moody Blues.
 It was first released in 1972 as the final track on the album "Seventh Sojourn".
 "I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)" was later released as a single in 1973, with "For My Lady" on the B-side.
 It was the second single released from "Seventh Sojourn", with the first being "Isn't Life Strange" (also written by John Lodge).
