The 10th Victim (Italian: "La decima vittima" ) is a 1965 Italian-French science fiction film directed by Elio Petri and starring Marcello Mastroianni and Ursula Andress, and featuring Elsa Martinelli in a supporting role.
 The picture is based on Robert Sheckley's 1953 short story "Seventh Victim".
 Sheckley later published a novelization of the film in 1966, and two sequels ("Victim Prime" and "Hunter/Victim") in 1987 and 1988, respectively.
 In the United States, the film was theatrically released by Joseph E. Levine's Embassy Pictures.
Stanley Kubrick's Boxes is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jon Ronson about the film director Stanley Kubrick.
 Ronson's intent was not to create a biography of the filmmaker but rather to understand Kubrick by studying the director's vast personal collection of memorabilia related to his feature films.
 The documentary came about in 1998 when Ronson received a request from Kubrick's estate for a copy of a documentary Ronson made about the Holocaust (Ronson was unaware that it was Kubrick who was asking for the film until months later).
 A year later, as Ronson was making plans to conduct a rare interview with the director, Kubrick suddenly died after completing work on his final film "Eyes Wide Shut".
 To his surprise, Ronson was invited to Kubrick's house by his widow.
 When he arrived, he found that half the house was filled by more than one thousand boxes containing snap shots, newspaper clippings, film out-takes, notes, and fan letters which the director used for research towards each of his films.
Luigi Kuveiller (3 October 1927 - 10 January 2013) was an Italian cinematographer, best known for his collaboration with Elio Petri.
The 25th Cannes Film Festival was held from 4 to 19 May 1972.
 The Palme d'Or went to the "La classe operaia va in paradiso" by Elio Petri and "Il Caso Mattei" by Francesco Rosi.
Elio Petri (29 January 1929 – 10 November 1982) was an Italian political filmmaker.
S is for Stanley (Italian: "S Is for Stanley - Trent'anni dietro al volante per Stanley Kubrick" ) is a 2016 Italian documentary film co-written and directed by Alex Infascelli.
 It depicts the relationship between celebrated director Stanley Kubrick and his personal chauffeur and assistant, Emilio D'Alessandro.
 It was produced by Kinethica and Lock And Valentine.
 It is based on D'Alessandro's autobiography "Stanley Kubrick and Me".
Property Is No Longer a Theft (Italian: La proprietà non è più un furto ) is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Elio Petri.
 It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival.
The Assassin (Italian: "L'assassino" ) is a 1961 Italian crime film directed by Elio Petri.
 It is the feature film debut of Petri.
 It was entered into the 11th Berlin International Film Festival.
Good News (Italian: "Buone notizie" ) is a 1979 Italian satirical comedy film written and directed by Elio Petri and starring Giancarlo Giannini.
 It is the last film of Petri.
Todo modo is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Elio Petri.
 It is based on a novel of the same name by Leonardo Sciascia.
