Maryland Route 363 (MD 363) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland.
 Known for almost all of its length as Deal Island Road, the state highway runs 18.30 mi from a dead end on Deal Island east to Mansion Avenue in Princess Anne.
 MD 363 connects Princess Anne and U.S. Route 13 (US 13) with the communities of Deal Island, Chance, and Dames Quarter on Tangier Sound in northwestern Somerset County.
 The state highway was constructed starting from Princess Anne around 1920, and reached Chance in the early 1930s.
 It was extended to Deal Island when a modern bridge to the island was constructed in 1940.
 MD 363 was extended to its present terminus on the island in the late 1950s.
Princess Gardens is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 It is located in the western area of Toronto that was formerly the City of Etobicoke.
 Its boundaries are Eglinton Avenue to the north, Martin Grove to the west, Islington to the east, and Rathburn Road to the south.
 The southeastern part of this area is the separate neighbourhood of Thorncrest Village.
 The neighbourhood is divided into two areas.
 The portion east of Kipling Road is known as Princess Anne Manor while the portion west of Kipling is Princess Margaret Gardens.
 They are named after The Princess Anne and The Princess Margaret, members of the British Royal family.
 The southwestern part of the neighbourhood is also sometimes known as Glen Agar.
Princess Anne's Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 It is located on Willis's Plateau at the northern end of the Upper Rock Nature Reserve, above Princess Caroline's Battery.
 It was named after Anne, Princess Royal and Princess of Orange, the eldest daughter of George II.
 However, its name is often confused with those of other batteries in the area.
 In 1732, guns were first mounted on the battery, which also saw action during the Great Siege of Gibraltar.
 Princess Anne's Battery was updated in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, with the latter modernisation entailing the installation of four QF 5.25 inch guns with both anti-aircraft and coastal defence capabilities.
 The battery was manned into the early 1980s, after which it was decommissioned.
 The guns were refurbished in the early twenty-first century, and represent the world's only intact battery of 5.25 inch anti-aircraft guns.
 Princess Anne's Battery is listed with the Gibraltar Heritage Trust.
Princess Anne is a community located in the independent city of Virginia Beach, Virginia, United States at the junction of Princess Anne Road and North Landing Road near the West Neck River.
 The community, which dates from 1691, was named after Anne, Queen of Great Britain (1665–1714), who was previously Princess Anne of Denmark & Norway.
State Route 165 (SR 165) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia.
 The state highway runs 39.75 mi from U.S. Route 17 Business (US 17 Business) in Chesapeake north to SR 337 in Norfolk.
 SR 165 is a C-shaped route that connects Chesapeake and Norfolk in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area indirectly via Virginia Beach.
 The highway's east–west segment connects the Chesapeake communities of Deep Creek and Great Bridge with the Princess Anne part of Virginia Beach.
 SR 165's northwest–southeast portion connects the Princess Anne area with Virginia Beach's Salem and Kempsville communities and with Norfolk.
 Within Norfolk, the state highway parallels Interstate 64 (I-64) while passing through the eastern and northern areas of the city near Norfolk International Airport and Naval Station Norfolk.
 Much of SR 165 is a multi-lane divided highway, but there are significant two-lane stretches in all three of the independent cities the highway serves.
The Francis Land House, or Rose Hall, is a historic brick house in located within the Rose Hall District near Princess Anne Plaza in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
 It was the plantation home of the prominent Land family, a founding family of Princess Anne County, Virginia.
The Norfolk, Virginia Beach and Southern Railroad was a 19th-century railroad that operated a line from downtown Norfolk to the Virginia Beach oceanfront, where the railroad owned and operated the Princess Anne Hotel.
 A branch split southeast from the present day Newtown Rd area and proceeded into Princess Anne county following the route of today's Princess Anne Road.
 The branch terminated at Munden where the railroad operated a turntable as well as two steam ferries.
 The Munden site is now Munden Point park of the City of Virginia Beach Parks and Recreation.
 Only the wharves remain of this early intermodal operation.
Princess Anne of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Dowager Duchess of Calabria ("née" Princess Anne of Orléans; born 4 December 1938, Woluwe-Saint-Pierre, Belgium) is the widow of Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria.
 Princess Anne is the third daughter and fifth child of Prince Henri, Count of Paris (1908–1999), Orleanist claimant to the defunct French throne, and his wife Princess Isabelle of Orléans-Braganza (1911–2003).
The Princess Anne Historic District is located in Princess Anne the county seat of Somerset County, Maryland on Maryland's Eastern Shore.
 There has been little change due to industry or other development, and the town retains much of its historic character since its founding in the early 18th century.
 It has been the governmental center since the county was formed in 1742 and the present courthouse is one of the most architecturally distinguished in the state.
 Within the historic district are a few pre-Revolutionary structures, a high concentration of Federal and Victorian architecture, vernacular dwellings as well as 19th and early-20th century commercial and public buildings.
 The district contains approximately 270 structures of which nearly 90 percent are contributing to the character of the district.
Princess Anne High School (PAHS) is one of 11 high schools in the Virginia Beach City Public School System.
 Opened in 1954, it is the oldest remaining high school in Virginia Beach, Virginia, United States.
 The school is named after the now extinct Princess Anne County, Virginia (itself named after the British Royal, Queen Anne, titled at the time and prior to ascension, Princess of Denmark) which was annexed with the founding of Virginia Beach.
