A Scholar Under Siege is an opera in two acts by contemporary American composer Michael Braz.
 Braz also wrote the English language libretto for the opera which was composed for the centenary of Georgia Southern University.
 It premiered on April 20, 2007 in Statesboro, Georgia.
Georgia College (Georgia College & State University or GCSU) is a public liberal arts university in Milledgeville, Georgia, United States, with approximately 7,000 students.
 A member of the University System of Georgia, Georgia College was designated Georgia's "Public Liberal Arts University" in 1996 by the Georgia Board of Regents.
The Telfair Center for the Arts is a 501c3 charitable nonprofit in Telfair County, Georgia.
 It occupies a historic building which was renovated for its use, the South Georgia College Administration Building of South Georgia College on College St. in McRae, Georgia.
James Emory "Jim" Boyd (July 18, 1906 – February 18, 1998) was an American physicist, mathematician, and academic administrator.
 He was director of the Georgia Tech Research Institute from 1957 to 1961, president of West Georgia College (now the University of West Georgia) from 1961 to 1971, and acting president of the Georgia Institute of Technology from 1971 to 1972.
Jittery Joe's is a chain of coffeehouses based in Athens, Georgia.
 In 1994, the first Jittery Joe’s opened in downtown Athens, near the famed 40 Watt Club.
 Open 24 hours a day, they offered fresh coffee roasted in-store.
 There are now five locations in Athens, two in Watkinsville, Georgia, and one each in the Georgia cities of Cartersville, Alpharetta, and Buford.
 There is also a location near the Clemson University campus in Clemson, South Carolina and one in Mercer village across from Mercer University in Macon, Georgia.
 A shop was opened in the University Commons housing complex at Georgia State University, although it only stayed open for a few months before closing.
 Its most recently opened shops were opened in a corner of the LifeSprings Resources bookstore on the campus of Emmanuel College in Franklin Springs, Georgia and in early 2016, downtown Columbia, SC near the University of South Carolina, which also features beer and spirits.
 There was also a short-lived location in downtown Milledgeville, Georgia, located near Georgia College and State University.
The University of North Georgia was first established at the site of its current campus in Dahlonega, Georgia in 1873 as North Georgia Agricultural College (NGAC).
 In 2013 North Georgia College & State University was consolidated with Gainesville State College to form the University of North Georgia.
Henry King Stanford (April 22, 1916 – January 1, 2009) was president of Georgia Southwestern College (now known as Georgia Southwestern State University), president of Georgia State College for Women (now known as Georgia College & State University), president of Birmingham Southern College, the third president of the University of Miami, and 19th president of the University of Georgia.
Macon State College was a four-year state college unit of the University System of Georgia.
 On Jan. 8, 2013, it was merged with Middle Georgia College into a new institution, Middle Georgia State College, which was renamed on July 1, 2015 to Middle Georgia State University.
Atkinson Hall is a historic building at Georgia College in Milledgeville, Georgia.
 Atkinson Hall was constructed in 1896.
 It was saved from demolition in 1977-78 by alumni, community support, faculty, and students.
 The building was home to the college's J. Whitney Bunting College of Business and is named for William Y. Atkinson and his wife, Susan Cobb Milton Atkinson.
 Susan Atkinson was involved in advancing women's education after communicating with her journalist friend, Julia Flisch.
 Atkinson persuaded her husband, a state legislator from Coweta (and future governor), to create legislation establishing Georgia Normal & Industrial College in 1889.
 The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 20, 1972.
The University of Georgia College of Engineering is a college within the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens, Georgia.
 The college offers 15 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in agricultural engineering, biochemical engineering, biological engineering, civil engineering, computer systems engineering, electrical and electronics engineering, environmental engineering and mechanical engineering.
 Since its formation in 2012, the UGA College of Engineering has experienced significant growth in enrollment and research expenditures.
 In 2017, the college's research portfolio expanded to include three new institutes: the Institute for Resilient Infrastructure Systems, the Engineering Education Transformations Institute, and the Georgia Informatics Institutes for Research and Education.
 In addition, the college plays a key role in the New Materials Institute, a cross-disciplinary research center founded in 2016 that focuses on the challenges of design and disposal of new products and materials.
