Assistant Secretary of State (A/S) is a title used for many executive positions in the United States Department of State, ranking below the Under Secretaries.
 A set of six Assistant Secretaries reporting to the Under Secretary for Political Affairs manage diplomatic missions within their designated geographic regions, plus one Assistant Secretary dealing with international organizations.
 Assistant Secretaries usually manage individual bureaus of the Department of State.
 When the manager of a bureau or another agency holds a title other than Assistant Secretary, such as "Director," it can be said to be of "Assistant Secretary equivalent rank."
 Assistant Secretaries typically have a set of deputies, referred to as Deputy Assistant Secretaries (DAS).
Hagibis is a Filipino singing group from the Philippines which was formed in Manila in 1979.
 They were composed of Bernie Fineza (died January 15, 2015), Mike Respall, Sonny Parsons, Joji Garcia and Mon Picazzo.
 Mike Hanopol was the group's producer and main songwriter.
 Best known for their macho image and their equally macho songs like "Katawan", Hagibis has been coined as "Village People of the Philippines", a title which they still hold today.
Michael Howard Coffman (born March 19, 1955) is the U.S. Representative for Colorado 's 6 congressional district , serving since 2009.
 A member of the Republican Party, he previously served as the Secretary of State of Colorado (2007–2009) and as Colorado State Treasurer (1999–2005 and 2006–2007).
In British politics the Shadow Secretary of State for Justice is the member of the Shadow Cabinet who shadows the Secretary of State for Justice, an office which has existed since 2007.
 Prior to 2007, the office was known as Shadow Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs.
 The current Shadow Secretary of State for Justice is  Richard Burgon, who replaced Lord Falconer of Thoroton of the Labour Party, when Falconer resigned due to a loss of confidence of the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn.
Morgan Lenore Carroll (born November 24, 1971) is an American politician from Colorado and is currently the Chairwoman of the Colorado Democratic Party.
 A Democrat, Carroll represented Colorado House District 36 in the city of Aurora from 2004 to 2008, and she represented the state's 29th Senate district from 2009 to 2017.
 Carroll served as President of the Colorado State Senate from 2013 to 2014 and as minority leader in 2015.
 Carroll stepped down as minority leader in July 2015 to unsuccessfully run against incumbent Republican Mike Coffman for Colorado's 6th congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives.
 In addition to her legislative work, Carroll works for the law firm of Bachus & Schanker.
The Shadow Secretary of State for Employment was an office within British politics held by a member of Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition.
 The duty of the office holder was to scrutinise the actions of the government's Secretary of State for Employment and develop alternative policies.
 The office was replaced by that of Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions after the creation of the Department for Work and Pensions.
Ben Scott is a Senior Advisor to the Open Technology Institute at the New America Foundation in Washington, D.C. and a Visiting Fellow at the Stiftung Neue Verantwortung in Berlin.
 Previously, he was a Policy Advisor for Innovation at the US Department of State where he worked at the intersection of technology and foreign policy.
 In a small team of advisors to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, he worked to help steward the 21st Century Statecraft agenda with a focus on technology policy, social media and development.
 Prior to joining the State Department, for six years he led the Washington office for Free Press, a non-profit organization dealing exclusively with media and communications policy.
 As policy director for Free Press, he headed a team of lawyers, researchers, and advocates, and directed a public interest policy agenda to expand affordable access to an open Internet and to foster more public service journalism.
 He was frequently called as an expert witness before the U.S. Congress.
 Before joining Free Press, he worked as a legislative aide handling telecommunications policy for then-Rep.
 Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.)
 in the U.S. House of Representatives.
 He holds a PhD in communications from the University of Illinois.
 Ben is a 1995 graduate of the University of Illinois Laboratory High School.
 He is the author of several scholarly articles on American journalism history and the politics of media regulation as well as co-editor of two books.
The Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland, often referred to as Under-Secretary of State for Scotland is a junior ministerial post (of Parliamentary Under Secretary of State rank) in the United Kingdom government, supporting the Secretary of State for Scotland.
 The post was first established as the Parliamentary Under-Secretary for Health for Scotland in 1919, before becoming the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland in 1926.
 Additional Parliamentary Under-Secretary posts were added in 1940 and 1951 and a Minister of State post was established in 1951.
 In 1969-70, one of the Under-Secretary posts was replaced by an additional Minister of State.
 From 1974 to 1979, there were two Ministers of State and three Under-Secretaries, reverting to one Minister of State in 1979.
 In 1997, the second Minister of State post was reinstated, and a fourth Under-Secretary post was briefly added from August 1998.
Earl of Cranbrook, in the County of Kent, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1892 for the prominent Conservative politician Gathorne Gathorne-Hardy, 1st Viscount Cranbrook.
 He notably held office as Home Secretary, Secretary of State for War and Secretary of State for India.
 Gathorne-Hardy had already been created Viscount Cranbrook, of Hemsted in the County of Kent, in 1878, and was made Baron Medway, of Hemsted in the County of Kent, at the same time he was given the earldom.
 The latter title is used as a courtesy title for the Earl's eldest son and heir apparent.
 Lord Cranbrook's eldest son, the second Earl, represented Rye, Mid Kent and Medway in the House of Commons as a Conservative.
 s of 2010 the titles are held by the latter's great-grandson, the fifth Earl, who succeeded his father in 1978.
 He is a zoologist and environmental biologist, who was awarded the Royal Geographical Society's Founder's Gold Medal in 1995.
Bernie Buescher (born July 11, 1949) is the former secretary of state of Colorado.
 A Democrat, he was appointed to the office in 2009 by Governor of Colorado Bill Ritter to fill the vacancy left by the resignation of Republican Mike Coffman.
