The Shrine of Our Lady of Our Health, Hyderabad is the biggest octagonal church in Asia.
 It is one of the oldest Roman Catholic Churches of Hyderabad and is dedicated to Blessed Virgin Mary.
 It is situated near to Mahaveer Hospital, Masab Tank, Hyderabad and is in A.C. Guards, Khairtabad.
 In this church, the birthday of Blessed Virgin Mary is celebrated on 8 September every year.
 On the day of the feast and during the feast lakhs of people visit the Shrine to pay their respects to Blessed Virgin Mary.
 Every year the celebrations start with the Flag Hoisting on 29 August, after which a Novena to Our Lady Of Health is held daily in the evenings, when a parish from Hyderabad or Secundrabad comes to host the Holy Mass.
 After the mass, there is a procession with the Statue of Our Lady Of Health out in the grounds of the Church after which Benediction takes place.
 Even on First Saturday of every month, there's a Holy Mass conducted during which the Statue of Our Lady Of Health is taken out in the grounds of the Church where Benediction takes place and thousands of people attend the mass.
The Martyr's Memorial, also known as Shaheed Smarak, is a life-size statue of seven young men who sacrificed their lives in the Quit India movement (August 1942), to hoist the national flag on the (now) Secretariat building.
 The foundation stone of Martyr's Memorial was laid on 15 August 1947, by the governor of Bihar, Mr. Jairam Das Daulatram.
 The sculptor Deviprasad Roychoudhury built the bronze statue of the seven students with the national flag.
 These statues were cast in Italy and later placed here.
King Charles the Martyr, or Charles, King and Martyr, is a title of Charles I, who was King of England, of Scotland, and of Ireland from 1625 until his execution on 30 January 1649.
 The title was used by high church Anglicans who regarded Charles' execution as a martyrdom.
 His feast day in the Anglican calendar is 30 January, the anniversary of his execution in 1649.
 The cult of Charles the Martyr was popular with Tories.
 The observance was one of several "state services" removed in 1859 from the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and the Church of Ireland.
 There remain some churches and parishes dedicated to Charles the Martyr, and his cult is maintained by some Anglo-Catholic societies, including the Society of King Charles the Martyr founded in 1894.
The Sangiliyan statue was dedicated to Cankili II a Tamil martyr and the last king of Jaffna Kingdom.
 The statue is seen as a landmark of the city of Jaffna.
 The Sangiliyan statue was built 1974 at Muuirai junction Nallur and declared open by then Jaffna Mayor Alfred Duraiappah.
 On 2011 was the statue removed and a new statue was built at the same place.
 The new statue was declared open by Jaffna Mayor Mrs. Yogeshwarai Patkunarajah and Minister Douglas Devananda.
 Tamil groups believe the statue was destroyed and rebuilt because of political motives.
 They criticize by this act was the historic beauty of the statue destroyed, the new statue has not the heroic features of the former statue, the sword in the hand of Cankili was removed by the government and reinstalled in another position.
Martyr (Sahid) Dharma Bhakta Mathema is one of the revered freedom fighters of Nepal, who sacrificed his life in struggle for freedom against hereditary prime ministership of the Rana dynasty.
 He was a professional body builder as well as a founding member of Praja Parishad party of Nepal.
 He was hanged during the freedom movement, and he is duly recognized as one of the four martyrs of Nepal.
 His statue is found, along with other three martyrs, in the Martyr's Gate (Sahid Gate) memorial in Kathmandu.
A school is also established on his name 'Shahid Dharma Bhakta School (SDB)' currently located in Nakkhu, Lalitpur, Nepal by her daughter Renu Devi which runs the classes from montessori to grade 10 (School Leaving Certificate).
 He is also said to have introduced modern body building techniques in Nepal.
Our Lady of Aberdeen is a Madonna and Child statuette, a copy of a similar statuette in Brussels known as "Notre Dame du Bon Succès".
 Copies of "Notre Dame du Bon Succès" are to be found across the North East of Scotland.
 It is believed that the statue in Brussels may have been in Old Aberdeen as early as 1450.
 References to a statue in a Chapel at the Bridge of Dee in Aberdeen suggest that it may have been placed there by Bishop Gavin Dunbar of Aberdeen (1514–1531).
 At the beginning of the Scottish Reformation (c. 1559) many religious objects from churches in Aberdeen and the St Machar's Cathedral in Old Aberdeen were given for safe keeping to Catholic sympathisers.
 It is claimed that the statue was in the hands of a Catholic family, the Gordons of Strathbogie, until 1625.
 It was then sent to the Low Countries by a William Laing, thought to be the Procurer for the Kings of Spain to the Infanta Isabella Clara Eugenia in Brussels.
 There is a reliable history of "Notre Dame du Bon Succès" in Brussels from that date.
 In Scotland the Catholic Church celebrates 9 July as Our Lady of Aberdeen Day.
 There are copies in St Mary's Cathedral, Aberdeen and in the Bishop’s House, formerly the Convent of the Sacred Heart in Aberdeen.
 Other copies include one in Buckie and one in St Peter's Church in Aberdeen.
 For historic details of "Notre Dame du Bon Succès" and Our Lady of Aberdeen see the papers by Ray McAleese – below.
 The monograph by Ron Smith (see below) gives a devotional account of beliefs about Our Lady of Aberdeen and "Notre Dame du Bon Succès".
Saint Theonestus of Vercelli is venerated as a martyr by the Catholic Church.
 Theonestus may have been a member of the early Christian community in Vercelli, living in an era earlier than that of Eusebius of Vercelli.
 Theonestus may have been a martyr, whose relics were buried in the cemetery where other Christians were buried, outside the city walls.
 It is believed that his whole body was conserved in the tomb dedicated to him.
 He is probably not the saint of the same name who was said to have been killed at Altinum by the Arians.
 This saint of Altinum, whose legend, in any case, is confused and contradictory, may have been confused for the martyr of Vercelli, whose historicity is more certain.
Praça da Independência (English: Independence Square) is a public square and focal point of Maputo, Mozambique.
 It was built by the Portuguese as Praça Mouzinho de Albuquerque ("Mouzinho de Albuquerque Square") and was dominated by a statue of Mouzinho de Albuquerque, the former governor-general of Portuguese Mozambique.
 The statue of Mouzinho on horseback was inaugurated in 1940.
 After the independence of Mozambique in 1975 the square was renamed Praça da Independência, and the statue of Mouzinho de Albuquerque was removed to Fortaleza de Nossa Senhora da Conceição and replaced by a statue of Samora Machel (1933-1986), the first president of Mozambique.
 The square is now dominated by the much larger Samora Machel Statue, which was built and dedicated in 2011.
The INA Martyr's Memorial complex is a war memorial at Moirang, India, dedicated to the soldiers of the Indian National Army.
 The main feature of the complex is a reconstruction of the INA's memorial to its fallen soldiers as it stood in Singapore, before its destruction at the hands of British-Indian Army sappers in 1945.
 The complex also contains a museum dedicated to the INA along with a library and an auditorium and a statue of Subhas Chandra Bose.
 Work on the cenotaph itself began in October 1968 and was completed in September 1969, when it was unveiled by Indira Gandhi.
 Work on expanding the monument complex to present-day size was completed in 2005, when it was unveiled.
 The total cost in building the memorial was Rs 6.23 crores.
 A stone monument has also been erected at the historic Moirang Kangla, where Colonel S. A. Malik leading an INA unit raised the flag of Azad Hind in April 1944.
 The Imphal state government has administered the site since 1985.
 Close to the complex is the peace memorial at Lotpaching, raised by the Japanese government.
Battle Monument is a large Tuscan column monument located on Trophy Point at the United States Military Academy, West Point, NY.
 Designed by Stanford White, it was dedicated on 30 May 1897 by surviving Civil War veterans.
 The monument was financed by monthly contributions from the pay of the officers and soldiers of the regular army.
 The granite column, standing 46 feet tall and 5 feet in diameter, is reputed to be the largest column of polished granite in the Western Hemisphere.
 Inscribed on bronze straps belting the eight monumental "cannon balls" circling the column are the names of 2,230 Regular Army officers and soldiers who died for the Union during the Civil War.
 Designed by Frederick MacMonnies, a female statue sits atop the monument, representing "fame".
 The statue that now tops the monument is actually the second version of the statue.
 Just months after it was unveiled, MacMonnies agreed to replace the original statue after complaints that it was too large and awkward.
 Traditionally, the plebes at West Point made reference to the statue of Fame when giving the following reply to any upperclassman demanding to know "How are they all?"
: "They are all fickle but one, sir."
 "Who is the one?"
 "She who stands atop Battle Monument, for she has been on the same shaft since 1897;" however, this is no longer current practice.
