Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Christie, Lady Mallowan, DBE ("née" Miller; 15 September 1890 – 12 January 1976) was an English crime novelist, short story writer and playwright.
 She is best known for her 66 detective novels and 14 short story collections, particularly those revolving around her fictional detectives Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple.
 She also wrote the world's longest-running play, a murder mystery, "The Mousetrap", and six romances under the name Mary Westmacott.
 In 1971 she was elevated to Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) for her contribution to literature.
Dorothy Edith Gilman (June 25, 1923 – February 2, 2012) was an American writer.
 She is best known for the Mrs. Pollifax series.
 Begun in a time when women in mystery meant Agatha Christie's Miss Marple and international espionage meant young government men like James Bond and the spies of John Le Carre and Graham Greene, Emily Pollifax, her heroine, became a spy in her 60s and is very likely the only spy in literature to belong simultaneously to the CIA and the local garden club.
Ben Wright (born September 3, 1969) is best known for originating the role of "Jack" in the Tony Award-winning musical "Into the Woods".
 Wright's professional acting career started with George C. Wolfe's Off-Broadway production of "Paradise" at Playwrights Horizons.
 He then went on to originate leading roles on Broadway in Stephen Sondheim's "Into The Woods" and the Tony nominated "State Fair", for which he received a Drama Desk Nomination.
 He also created the role of Nanki Poo in Hot Mikado at the Ford's Theater in Washington, D.C. He has worked extensively with some of Broadway’s greatest talents, including Stephen Sondheim, James Lapine, Bernadette Peters, James Hammerstein, Paul Gemignani and Joanna Gleason.
 Wright's feature film credits include the Academy Award winning "Born on the Fourth of July" with Tom Cruise as well as Penny Marshall's "Renaissance Man" with Danny DeVito.
 Wright's television credits include starring opposite Judd Nelson in NBC's "" and the ABC drama series "Capital News" with Lloyd Bridges and Helen Slater.
 Wright has performed at the Tony Awards two times and can be heard on several albums, including the original cast recording of State Fair and the Grammy Award winning recording of "Into the Woods".
Julia Kathleen McKenzie (born 17 February 1941) is an English actress, singer, presenter, and theatre director.
 On television, she is known for her BAFTA Award nominated role as Hester Fields in the sitcom "Fresh Fields" (1984–86) and its sequel "French Fields" (1989–91), and as Miss Marple in "Agatha Christie's Marple" (2008–13).
David Horovitch (born 11 August 1945) is an English actor, perhaps best known for playing the character of Inspector Slack in "Miss Marple".
Alan Blaikley (born 23 March 1940) is an English songwriter and composer.
 He is best known for writing a series of international hits in the 1960s and 1970s in collaboration with Ken Howard, including the UK number ones "Have I the Right?
" and "The Legend of Xanadu".
 Together with Howard, he has also written two West End musicals and a number of TV themes, including the theme music for the BBC's long-running series of Agatha Christie's "Miss Marple".
George Pollock (March 27, 1907 – December 22, 1979) was a British film director, best known for bringing Agatha Christie's famous detective Miss Marple to the big screen for the first time, starring Margaret Rutherford.
Chorion Limited was an international media production company with offices in London, New York and Sydney.
 The company produced TV shows and feature films, and was best known for its portfolio of entertainment brands.
 These included children's characters such as Paddington Bear, Peter Rabbit, The Mr. Men, "The Very Hungry Caterpillar", "Olivia", and Gaspard and Lisa.
 The company also owned the rights to the Agatha Christie Estate (including the Miss Marple and Poirot characters), Raymond Chandler, and Georges Simenon.
Putting it Together is a musical revue showcasing the songs of Stephen Sondheim.
 Drawing its title from a song in "Sunday in the Park with George", it was devised by Sondheim and Julia McKenzie.
 The revue has received several productions, beginning with its premiere in England in 1992, Broadway in 1999 and the West End in 2014.
Joan Bogle Hickson, OBE (5 August 1906 – 17 October 1998) was an English actress of theatre, film and television.
 She was particularly known for her role as Agatha Christie's Miss Marple in the television series "Miss Marple".
 As well as portraying Miss Marple on television, Hickson also narrated a number of "Miss Marple" stories on audio books.
