Glen Cove Emergency Medical Services (EMS) is a municipal department in the City of Glen Cove, New York, USA.
 The department is a New York State Dept of Health-Certified Advanced Life Support agency that provides around the clock emergency medical transportation and care in the city.
 In addition to ambulance calls, they also provide non-emergency services in the city which includes public education, community event support and emergency preparedness.
 An EMS team is also detailed to every official City of Glen Cove event.
 The department operates out of a single station, EMS Headquarters, located at 8 Glen Cove Avenue.
 Although the EMS department works closely and has developed an excellent relationship with the City of Glen Cove Fire Dept and Police Department, they are a separate third-service within the city.
The South Suburban Conference is a Minnesota State High School League conference in Minnesota.
 It was started officially on July 1, 2010.
 There are ten member schools; nine of these formerly belonged to the Lake Conference and one to the Missota Conference.
 They offer 30 different interscholastic sports and 14 fine arts activities.
 After the 2013-14 school year, Bloomington Jefferson and Bloomington Kennedy left the conference to the newly formed Metro West Conference for a better balance of enrollment.
 Farmington Senior High School and Shakopee High School joined from the Missota Conference that same year.
RIT Ambulance (RITA) is a community run, 911 dispatched, volunteer collegiate New York State Certified Basic Life Support Ambulance Agency, run under the Rochester Institute of Technology Student Health Center.
 The ambulance serves the entire Rochester Institute of Technology campus.
Ambulance Tasmania, formerly known as the Tasmanian Ambulance Service, provides ambulance services in the state of Tasmania, Australia.
 The service was established by the "Ambulance Service Act 1982" and operates within the Department of Health and Human Services.
The Henley Sharks Football Club is an Australian Rules Football Club that has been in existence in different forms since 1899 and has been known by its current name since 1998.
 The current club was formed in 1994 as the Henley Greek Football Club, a merger of the Henley Districts and Old Scholars Football Club and the Greek Football Club.
 The Henley 'Sharks' field 4 senior teams in the South Australian Amateur Football League (SAAFL), Division 2, Division 2 Reserves, Division C2 and Under 18's.
 The club also fields many junior teams in the Metro West Junior Football League in grades ranging from Under 8's through to Under 16's.
Kennedy High School (also known as John F. Kennedy High School) is one of two public high schools located in Bloomington, Minnesota, USA.
 Named after former president John F. Kennedy, it was opened in 1965 due to the rapid growth of Bloomington at the time.
 The school had been a member of the Lake Conference since the school opened.
 The school left the Lake Conference after the 2009-10 school year to become part of the new South Suburban Conference.
 In 2014, Kennedy joined the new Metro West Conference.
The North West Ambulance Service NHS Trust (NWAS), formerly 4 services (Cumbria Ambulance Service, Lancashire Ambulance Service, Cheshire and Mersey Ambulance Service and Greater Manchester Ambulance Service), was formed on 1 July 2006, as part of Health Minister Lord Warner's plans to reduce the number of NHS ambulance service trusts operating in the United Kingdom meaning that (NWAS) was given a bigger area to cover, making them the second largest in England
Metro West Ambulance is an ambulance corporation based in the U.S. state of Oregon with ambulances and wheelie vans throughout Washington County and along the Oregon Coast (under the names Pacific West Ambulance, Bay Cities Ambulance, and Medix Ambulance).
 Metro West also manages the Vernonia Volunteer Ambulance Association.
 In addition to daily emergency ambulance services, Metro West also serves customers through a comprehensive wheelchair van service, special event medical support for Portland's Moda Center, the Oregon State Fair, and many other events throughout the year.
 Metro West also offers community medical and preparedness training with "Education for Life" through the American Heart Association.
Tespa (formerly Texas eSports Association) is a North American collegiate eSports organization headquartered in the offices of Blizzard Entertainment in Irvine, California.
 Founded in 2012 as a collegiate gaming club at the University of Texas, Austin, Tespa expanded nationally in 2013 as an event support network for college gaming organizations.
 In 2014, the company announced an official partnership with Blizzard Entertainment, hosting online leagues for , League of Legends, StarCraft II, Heroes of the Storm, and Overwatch.
The Heysel (French) or Heizel (Dutch) Metro Station is one of the metro stations on line 6 (formerly 1A) of the Brussels Metro.
 It was opened on 5 July 1985 and serves the Heysel area, famous for the 1958 Brussels World Fair, the King Baudouin Stadium (formerly known as the Heysel Stadium) and the Atomium.
 The Bruparck entertainment park (with among others Mini-Europe, a movie theater, a swimming-pool) and the Brussels Exhibition Hall are also located nearby.
 Prior to 1998, the station was the western terminus of line 1A (now line 6).
 The line was expanded to the King Baudouin metro station for the 2000 UEFA European Football Championship.
 The station is located in the City of Brussels.
 It offers a connection with tram route 7 as well as bus routes 84 and 88.
