The 2013 United Tournament was an exhibition football club tournament that took place in Ukraine and Russia on 27 June – 7 July 2013.
 Four teams participated in it: Shakhtar Donetsk and Dynamo Kyiv from Ukraine; Zenit St. Petersburg and Spartak Moscow from Russia.
 On 7 July 2013, Dynamo Kyiv beat Spartak Moscow 2–1 and won this tournament.
FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv was the second football team of the Ukrainian football club Dynamo Kyiv based in Kiev, Ukraine.
 The team was created in 1946, and the club ceased its operations after the 2015–16 season.
Following are the results of the 2008–09 FC Dynamo Kyiv season.
 FC Dynamo Kyiv (Ukrainian: ФК «Динамо» Київ ) is a professional football club based in the Ukrainian capital city of Kyiv.
 Founded in 1927, the club currently participates in the Ukrainian Premier League and has spent its entire history in the top league of Soviet and later Ukrainian football.
 Dynamo Kyiv has won thirteen league titles, nine Ukrainian Cups, one UEFA Super Cup and two UEFA Cup Winners' Cups, and played three times in the semi-final of the UEFA Champions League.
Artur Oleksiyovych Rudko (Ukrainian: Артур Олексійович Рудько ; born 7 May 1992 in Kyiv, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
 He spent time in training process with main FC Dynamo Kyiv team during summer of 2010.
Nikita Korzun (Belarusian: Мікіта Карзун ; Russian: Никита Корзун ; born 6 March 1995) is a Belarusian professional football player who currently plays for Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv.
Valyantsin Byalkevich (Belarusian: Валянцін Бялькевіч ; 27 January 1973 – 1 August 2014), also sometimes spelled "Valiantsin Bialkevich") was a Belarusian football player.
 He was most notably a member of the Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv from 1996 to 2008.
 During the late 1990s, he was a playmaker for Dynamo Kyiv of the UEFA Champions League, and helped them reach the semi-finals of 1998–99 competition.
The Ukrainian Cup 2004–05 was the 14th annual edition of Ukraine's football knockout competition, known as the Ukrainian Cup.
 The first game was conducted on August 4, 2004 with the game between Rava and Shakhtar Donetsk in Rava-Ruska, Lviv Region.
 However other sources with a reference to the Professional Football League of Ukraine state that the competition started on August 6, 2004 with game between Olkom and Dynamo Kyiv in Melitopol, Zaporizhia Region.
 Traditionally the final took place in late May of the next year where the same Shakhtar yielded to Dynamo Kyiv at the Olympic Stadium 0:1.
Dynamo Club Stadium is part of the educational training facility ground operated by Ukrainian Premier League club Dynamo Kyiv located at the city limits of Kiev in the former village of Chapayevka (Koncha-Zaspa, Holosiiv Raion).
 The area is specifically notorious for having the state-owned mansions compound designed for the state high-ranking officials.
Football Club Dynamo Kyiv (Ukrainian: Футбольний клуб «Динамо» Київ , ] ) is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Kiev.
 Founded in 1927 as part of the Soviet Dynamo Sports Society, the club plays in the Ukrainian Premier League, and has never been relegated to a lower division.
 Their home is the 70,050 capacity Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex.
Mykyta Valeriyovych Burda (; born 24 March 1995) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
 Born in Yenakiyeve, a city village in Donetsk Oblast, Mykyta began playing football in Yahotyn, Kyiv Oblast where he attended local sports school.
 When he was sixteen, Burda transferred to FC Dynamo Kyiv football academy, where he began playing for FC Dynamo Kyiv youth and reserve squads.
