Otto Mann is a fictional character on the animated TV series "The Simpsons", voiced by Harry Shearer.
 He is the school bus driver for Springfield Elementary School.
Reverend Timothy "Tim" Lovejoy is a recurring character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He is voiced by Harry Shearer, and first appeared in the episode "The Telltale Head".
 Lovejoy is the minister at The First Church of Springfield—the Protestant church in Springfield.
 Initially kind-hearted and ambitious, Lovejoy has become apathetic towards others because of Ned Flanders's constant asinine scrupulosity.
"Trust but Clarify" is the fifth episode of the twenty-eighth season of the animated television series "The Simpsons", and the 601st episode of the series overall.
 It aired in the United States on Fox on October 23, 2016, making it the first episode to air in October the week after the annual "Treehouse of Horror".
 The title is based on the phrase "Trust but verify", used in relation to nuclear verification.
 This episode was written by voice actor Harry Shearer.
"Two Bad Neighbors" is the thirteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 14, 1996.
 In the episode, George H. W. Bush, the 41st President of the United States, voiced in the episode by Harry Shearer, moves into the house across the street from the Simpson family.
Nedward "Ned" Flanders, Jr. is a recurring fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He is voiced by Harry Shearer, and first appeared in the series premiere episode "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire".
 He is the good-natured, cheery next-door neighbor to the Simpson family and is generally loathed by Homer Simpson.
 A devout Evangelical Christian with an annoyingly perfect family, he is among the friendliest and most compassionate of Springfield's residents and is generally considered a pillar of the Springfield community.
Principal W. Seymour Skinner (born Armin Tamzarian) is a fictional character in the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", who is voiced by Harry Shearer.
 He is the principal of Springfield Elementary School, which he struggles to control, and is constantly engaged in a battle against its inadequate resources, apathetic and bitter teachers, and often rowdy and unenthusiastic students, Bart Simpson being a standout example.
Charles Montgomery Burns, known as C. Montgomery Burns and Monty Burns, but usually referred to simply as Mr. Burns, occasionally as Mr Snrub, is a recurring character in the animated television series "The Simpsons", and is voiced by Harry Shearer.
 Mr. Burns is the evil owner of the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant and is also Homer Simpson's boss.
 He is assisted at almost all times by Waylon Smithers, his loyal and sycophantic aide, adviser, confidant and secret admirer.
Waylon J. Smithers Jr., usually referred to as Mr. Smithers or simply Smithers, is a recurring fictional character in the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", who is voiced by Harry Shearer.
 Smithers first appeared in the episode "Homer's Odyssey", although his voice could be heard in the series premiere "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire".
 He is the consummate executive and personal assistant of Springfield Nuclear Power Plant's owner Mr. Burns.
Kent Brockman is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He is voiced by Harry Shearer and first appeared in the episode "Krusty Gets Busted".
 He is a grumpy, self-centered local Springfield news anchor.
The Itchy & Scratchy Show (often shortened as Itchy & Scratchy) is a running gag and fictional animated television series featured in the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It usually appears as a part of "The Krusty the Clown Show", watched regularly by Bart Simpson and Lisa Simpson.
 Itself an animated cartoon, "The Itchy & Scratchy Show" depicts a sadistic anthropomorphic blue mouse, Itchy (voiced by Dan Castellaneta), who repeatedly maims and kills an anthropomorphic, hapless threadbare black cat, Scratchy (voiced by Harry Shearer).
 The cartoon first appeared in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "The Bart Simpson Show", which originally aired November 20, 1988.
 The cartoon's first appearance in "The Simpsons" was in the 1990 episode "There's No Disgrace Like Home".
 Typically presented as 15-to-60-second-long cartoons, the show is filled with gratuitous violence.
 "The Simpsons" also occasionally features characters who are involved with the production of "The Itchy & Scratchy Show", including Roger Meyers Jr. (voiced by Alex Rocco, and, later, Hank Azaria), who runs the studio and produces the show.
