John Prosky is an American film, theatre, and television actor.
 His numerous TV credits include "NYPD Blue", "ER", "Heroes", "Criminal Minds", "True Blood", "JAG", "My So-Called Life", "", "The Practice", "The X-Files", "The West Wing", "Charmed", "24", "House", "Grey's Anatomy", "Veronica Mars", "Fringe," and the web series "Red Bird".
 His film credits include "The Nutty Professor", "Bowfinger", and "A.I. Artificial Intelligence".
 He also contributed voice work to the "L.A. Noire" video game.
 He is the son of actor Robert Prosky.
Red vs. Blue (stylized as redvsblue), often abbreviated as RvB, is an American comic science fiction web television series created by Burnie Burns with his production company Rooster Teeth.
 The show is distributed through Rooster Teeth's website, as well as on DVD, Blu-ray, and more recently syndicated on the El Rey Network, Netflix and its own YouTube channel.
 The series initially centers on two opposing teams of soldiers fighting a civil war in the middle of a desolate box canyon (Blood Gulch), in a parody of first-person shooter video games, military life, and science fiction films. Initially intended to be a short series of six to eight episodes, the project quickly and unexpectedly achieved significant popularity following its premiere on April 1, 2003.
 The series consists of fifteen seasons and five mini-series.
 "Red vs. Blue" is the longest running episodic web series and second longest running web series of all time.
Damon Dark is an independent public access TV series and web series from Australia about a heroic and obsessive investigator of UFO incidents and other strange cases, created by Australian writer, actor and film maker Adrian Sherlock.
 Damon James Dark became a dedicated alien investigator after a close encounter during his teenage years.
 He is associated with both the secret service and friendly aliens, including a character called Vincent Kosmos (an alien time traveller) and Trans-Dimensional Control (an alien law enforcement agency).
 The character of Damon Dark has appeared in a 5-week TV series on Community TV 31 in Melbourne Australia, a self-published novel ("Biodome") on Amazon's createspace platform and a long running web series on YouTube.
 He has also been involved in related web series "Young Damon Dark" and "Vincent Kosmos."
 He has also been the focus of a one actor stage drama.
 The character of Damon Dark has been played by Adrian Sherlock, Bruce Hughes, Aiden Sherlock and Jack Knoll.
 Damon Dark is a loner, dresses in black, has a huge experience of aliens and their technology.
 Damon is characterized by his high intelligence, idealistic moral outlook and wry sense of humor.
 His best friend in the series is the long-suffering Gary Sutton, played by actor Robert Trott.
 Damon Dark began in 1999, with a five-part weekly series on Melbourne's Community TV 31, (although the pilot was shot in 1996 and the show had been in development since 1990) following a screening of a 65-minute version of the story "Maddox" at the 57th World Science Fiction Convention (Aussiecon Three) held in Melbourne.
 The series was later revived as a YouTube webseries which inspired several related webseries, including "The Young Damon Dark Adventures" in which the character is played as a teenager, and Vincent Kosmos, (created by and starring Chris Heaven, , an Italian actor and musician, about a renegade alien character who is a friend of Damon.
Red Bird is an American Western web series.
 Created by Misti Boland and Jeremy Osbern, the series stars Alexandra Goodman, Ian Stark, Armin Shimerman, Kitty Swink, Mike McShane, and John Prosky.
 The series of eight three to five minute episodes premiered on YouTube and the show's website in March 2016.
Red vs. Blue: Reconstruction (stylized as redvsblue RΞCONSTRUCTION) is the sixth season of the action comedy-drama science fiction machinima web series Red vs. Blue, produced by Rooster Teeth Productions and distributed via the Rooster Teeth website.
 "Red vs Blue: Reconstruction" is set over a year after "The Blood Gulch Chronicles" and picks up where the "" miniseries left off.
 The credits for the trailer state that "Reconstruction" stars several voices from the original Blood Gulch Chronicles, as well as "Recovery One" voice actor Shannon McCormick.
 On May 26, Rooster Teeth released Chapter One of "Reconstruction".
 The season begins an era of "Red vs. Blue" known as "The Recollection Trilogy" which refers to the sixth, seventh, and eight season of the series.
 The season concluded on October 30, 2008 with the 19th chapter.
 It was followed up by the "" mini-series, and then by the seventh season entitled "".
Kathryn Felicia Day is an American actress, singer, writer, and web series creator.
 She is the star, writer, and producer of the original web series "The Guild" (2007–2013), a show loosely based on her life as a gamer.
 She also wrote and starred in the "Dragon Age" web series "" (2011).
 Day was a member of the board of directors of the International Academy of Web Television beginning December 2009 until the end of July 2012.
The Red Bird River Petroglyphs, also known as the Red Bird Petroglyphs are a series of petroglyphs, or carvings, on a stone in Clay County, Kentucky.
 The rock originally was situated along the Red Bird River but was moved to a park in Manchester after it fell onto the roadway below in 1994.
Zitkála-Šá (1876–1938) (Lakota: pronounced "zitkála-ša", which translates to "Red Bird"), also known by the missionary-given name Gertrude Simmons Bonnin, was a Sioux (Yankton Dakota) writer, editor, musician, teacher and political activist.
 She wrote several works chronicling her youthful struggles with identity and pulls between the majority culture and her Native American heritage.
 Her later books in English were among the first works to bring traditional Native American stories to a widespread white readership.
Red vs. Blue: Recreation is the seventh season of the action comedy science fiction machinima web series Red vs. Blue created by Rooster Teeth Productions that premiered on June 9, 2009, and concluded on October 26, 2009.
 Set three days after the "" mini-series, the Red team are back plotting against the Blue team, which currently consists of only one person, Caboose.
 New episodes were released every Monday at 9:00 CST.
Beverly is an unincorporated community in Bell County, Kentucky, United States.
 It was also known as Nuckles and Red Bird which was a coal town.
 Its post office is closed.
