Relations between Ethiopia and Sudan were very good following the end of the Ethiopian Civil War, due to the support that the Sudanese government had given to the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front.
 However, relations were strained for a time following the 26 June 1995 assassination attempt against Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak as he was leaving the OAU summit meeting in Addis Ababa.
 The subsequent investigation revealed that Sudan was involved in this act, forcing the Ethiopian government to take a series of steps against Sudan that September, which included closing the Sudanese consulate in Gambela, reducing the number of Sudanese embassy staff, and terminating all Sudan Airways and Ethiopian Airlines flights between the two countries.
 However the start of the Eritrean-Ethiopian War led to Sudan and Ethiopia put this conflict between them and normalizing their relations by November 1999 when president Omar Hassan al-Bashir made a formal visit to Addis Ababa.
Addisu Legesse is an Ethiopian politician.
 He was formerly the chairman of the Amhara National Democratic Movement, the Amhara region branch of the ruling EPRDF, a position from which he retired in 2010.
 He was also President of the Amhara region from 1992 until 2000, deputy prime Minister, and Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development until 2008.
 He then served as chairman of Ethiopian Airlines.
 He is currently head of the Meles Zenawi Academy, a quasi educational institution that's designed to train future EPRDF cadres in the ideology of Melesism, also known as, Ethiopian style Revolutionary Democracy
Ethiopian Airlines (Amharic: in short), formerly "Ethiopian Air Lines" (EAL) and often referred to as simply "Ethiopian", is Ethiopia's flag carrier and is wholly owned by the country's government.
 EAL was founded on 21 December 1945 and commenced operations on 8 April 1946, expanding to international flights in 1951.
 The firm became a share company in 1965, and changed its name from "Ethiopian Air Lines" to "Ethiopian Airlines".
 The airline has been a member of the International Air Transport Association since 1959, and of the African Airlines Association (AFRAA) since 1968.
 Ethiopian is a Star Alliance member, having joined in  2011 (2011-) .
Airlines proliferated in Africa because, in many countries, road and rail networks are not well developed due to financial issues, terrain, and rainy seasons.
 Ben R. Guttery, author of "Encyclopedia of African Airlines", said "Although most of the carriers have never been large by European or American standards, they have had tremendous impact on the economy and the people."
 Many larger African airlines are owned partially or completely by national governments.
 Some African airlines have European airlines as major shareholders.
 For instance, KLM has a 26% stake in Kenya Airways and British Airways has an 18% stake in Comair.
Ethiopian Airlines Flight 409 was an international commercial flight scheduled from Beirut to Addis Ababa that crashed into the Mediterranean Sea shortly after takeoff from Rafic Hariri International Airport on 25 January 2010, killing all 90 people on board.
 This was the first crash for Ethiopian Airlines since the hijack of Ethiopian Airlines Flight 961 in 1996.
Yeroo was the first private Afaan Oromo newspaper published in Qubee (Oromo alphabet).
 It distributed weekly newspapers mainly around the cities and towns of the Oromia region of Ethiopia.
 Due to being independent, the media faced difficulties from the Ethiopian government since its beginning during its registration and establishment.
 A few weeks after its publications, security problems and financial restrictions imposed by the government caused the newspaper to be suspended.
 Its website version is Jimma Times (JT), which has remained online after Yeroo newspaper was closed.
 JT has been the first media to break several news stories before other media outlets, including the story of former Ethiopian PM Tamrat Layne, who became "born again" and left politics, the acceptance of Ethiopian Airlines into the Star Alliance as well as on the decision of the top opposition party Medrek to seek a re-run of disputed Election 2010.
 Various international media have used news content from Yeroo's Jimma Times, including United Press International (UPI), Epoch Times and Voice of America (VOA) radio.
 The Jimma Times has also been quoted by and its content used by many Ethiopian newspapers and sites including Capital Ethiopia, Addis Neger, Gadaa.com, Opride.com, Ethio Channel, Awramba Times and African Monitor.
 Its website/online version has also been suspended for many years after it faced frequent blockage from the government that often censors online media.
Ethiopian Airlines Flight 702 was a scheduled flight from Addis Ababa to Milan via Rome on 17 February 2014.
 The aircraft, an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767-300ER, was hijacked by the unarmed co-pilot, Hailemedhin Abera Tegegn, en route from Addis Ababa to Rome, and landed at Geneva.
 All 202 passengers and crew were unharmed.
 Tegegn was arrested by the Swiss authorities, and after being convicted "in absentia" by an Ethiopian court, was granted asylum in Switzerland in May 2016.
The African Airlines Association (French: "Association Aérienne Africaine"), also known as the Association of African Airline Companies (French: "Association des Compagnies Aériennes Africaines") and by its abbreviation AFRAA, is a trade association of airlines which hail from the nations of the African Union.
 Founded in Accra, Ghana in 1968, and today headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya, the primary purpose of AFRAA is to establish and facilitate co-operation between African airlines.
Ethio telecom, previously known as the Ethiopian Telecommunications Corporation (ETC), is an integrated telecommunications services provider in Ethiopia, providing internet and telephone services.
 Ethio telecom is owned by the Ethiopian government and maintains a monopoly over all telecommunication services in Ethiopia.
 Based in Addis Ababa, it is one of the "Big-5" group of state owned corporations in Ethiopia, along with Ethiopian Airlines, the Commercial Bank of Ethiopia, Ethio-Insurance, and the Ethiopian Shipping Lines.
Ethiopian Airlines, the national airline of Ethiopia, has a good safety record, by contrast to other African airlines.
 s of 2014 , the "Aviation Safety Network" records 60 accidents/incidents for Ethiopian Airlines that total 322 fatalities since 1965, plus six accidents for Ethiopian Air Lines, the former airline's name.
 Since  1948 (1948-) , the company wrote off 36 aircraft, including three Boeing 707s, two Boeing 737s, one Boeing 767, two Douglas DC-3s, two Douglas DC-6, one de Havilland Canada DHC-5 Buffalo, two de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otters, 21 subtypes of the Douglas C-47, one Lockheed L-749 Constellation and one Lockheed L-100 Hercules.
