The Superior Court is the state court in the U.S. state of New Jersey, with statewide trial and appellate jurisdiction.
 The New Jersey Constitution of 1947 establishes the power of the New Jersey courts.
 Under the State Constitution, "'judicial power shall be vested in a Supreme Court, a Superior Court, County Courts and inferior courts of limited jurisdiction.'"
 The Superior Court has three divisions: the Appellate Division is essentially an intermediate appellate court while the Law and Chancery Divisions function as trial courts.
 The State Constitution renders the New Jersey Superior Court, Appellate Division the intermediate appellate court, and "[a]ppeals may be taken to the Appellate Division of the Superior Court from the law and chancery divisions of the Superior Court and in such other causes as may be provided by law."
 Each division is in turn divided into various parts.
 "The trial divisions of the Superior Court are the principal trial courts of New Jersey.
 They are located within the State's various judicial geographic units, called 'vicinages,' R. 1:33-2(a), and are organized into two basic divisions: the Chancery Division and the Law Division".
Grant Ranch Park is the largest county park in Santa Clara County, California.
 Also known as Joseph D. Grant County Park, this site is situated in the Diablo Range foothills of the eastern Santa Clara Valley.
 The park is one of 28 owned by Santa Clara County and managed by the Santa Clara County Parks and Recreation Department.
Jacqueline Marie Arroyo is an American judge.
 She is Judge of the Superior Court of Santa Clara County, California.
 She replaced retired judge Charles Cory on the Santa Clara Superior Court in May 2008 after being appointed by then Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 She is married to Molly O'Neal, Public Defender of Santa Clara County, and that they have two children.
Mary Jo Levinger is a Judge in the Superior Court of Santa Clara County.
 She received a B.S. from University of California, Berkeley.
 In 1973 she graduated from Santa Clara University School of Law.
 In 1990 she was appointed by Governor George Deukmejian.
People v. Turner, formally People of the State of California v. Brock Allen Turner (2015), was a criminal case filed in Santa Clara County Superior Court which convicted Brock Allen Turner of three counts of felony sexual assault.
 Turner was a student athlete at Stanford University on January 18, 2015, when he sexually penetrated an intoxicated and unconscious 22-year-old woman (later called "Emily Doe") with his fingers.
 Turner was apprehended by two Stanford international students from Sweden, who testified that they intervened because the woman appeared to be unconscious.
 As they approached, Turner fled.
 The two men gave chase, apprehending Turner and restraining him until police arrived to take him in custody.
 The police arrested Turner on Stanford's campus, and booked him into the Santa Clara County jail on suspicion of attempted rape and penetration with a foreign object.
 He was released the same day after posting $150,000 bail.
Marquis D. Jones Jr. served as a State of New Jersey Superior Court Judge, Ocean County, from 2008 to 2015.
 Jones was one of only two African Americans to serve on the Ocean County Superior Court bench at the time.
 Prior to being appointed judge, Jones was First Assistant Corporation Counsel/Acting Corporation Counsel, in Newark's Law Department, working under Cory A. Booker, then Mayor of Newark, from 2006 to 2008.
 Upon taking the bench as Superior Court Judge, Booker called Jones “inspirational.”
Michele Landis Dauber is an American lawyer, a leading figure focusing in constitutional history and law, distributive justice, federalism, gender & sexual orientation discrimination, inequality, law & society, public policy & empirical studies, torts and welfare & poverty law, currently the Frederick I. Richman Professor at Stanford Law School.
.
 Dauber was also involved in the efforts to recall Judge Aaron Persky, the Santa Clara County judge who rendered the verdict in People v. Turner.
The Superior Court of Santa Clara County is the California Superior Court for Santa Clara County, which includes the city of San Jose.
 The doctrine of Corporate personhood in US law is commonly traced to the 1886 decision of the United States Supreme Court in Santa Clara County v. Southern Pacific Railroad, which started in this court.
 In August 2016, hundreds of clerks in the Santa Clara court system went on strike for better wages.
 One striking clerk had been living in a homeless shelter since November 2015.
Judge Jack Komar is a Superior Court Judge of Santa Clara County, California.
 He succeeded Justice Ronald B. Robie, of the California Court of Appeal, Third Appellate District.
 Before joining the bench in 1985, Judge Komar was in general civil and criminal practice in San Jose, California for 16 years and was deputy district attorney for Santa Clara County from 1966 to 1969.
 He served as the court’s presiding judge from 1999 through 2000.
Reid–Hillview Airport of Santa Clara County (IATA: RHV, ICAO: KRHV, FAA LID: RHV) is in the eastern part of San Jose, in Santa Clara County, California.
 The airport is owned by Santa Clara County and is near the Evergreen district of San Jose where aviation pioneer John J. Montgomery experimented with gliders in 1911.
 Reid–Hillview Airport is also the official general aviation airport for the 2015 Super Bowl in Levis Stadium (nearby Santa Clara, CA).
