In political philosophy and international relations especially in peace and conflict studies the concept of a war against war also known as war on war refers to the reification of armed conflicts.
The Plan DN-III-E or Plan to Aid Civilian Disaster is a series of measures protocolized and implemented primarily by bodies of the Mexican Secretariat of National Defense, specifically the Mexican Army and the Mexican Air Force organized as a body under the name of Support Force for Disaster (FACD).
 This acts in response to a disastrous situation that affects or could affect a large group of civilians in Mexico and in some cases abroad.
 It is also known as the 3rd Army mission entrusted to safeguard and protect civilians in case of disaster.
The Mexican Drug War (also known as the Mexican War on Drugs; Spanish: "guerra contra el narcotráfico en México" ) is the Mexican theater of the United States' War on Drugs, involving an ongoing low-intensity asymmetric war between the Mexican Government and various drug trafficking syndicates.
 Since 2006, when the Mexican military began to intervene, the government's principal goal has been to reduce the drug-related violence.
 The Mexican government has asserted that their primary focus is on dismantling the powerful drug cartels, rather than on preventing drug trafficking, which is left to U.S. functionaries.
The 1990–98 Indonesian military operations in Aceh also known as Operation Red Net (Indonesian: "Operasi Jaring Merah" ) or "Military Operation Area" (Indonesian: "Daerah Operasi Militer/DOM" ) was launched in early 1990s until August 22, 1998, against the separatist movement of Free Aceh Movement (GAM) in Aceh.
 During that period, the Indonesian army practised large-scale and systematic human rights abuses against the Acehnese.
 The war was characterised as the dirtiest war in Indonesia involving arbitrary executions, kidnapping, torture and disappearances, and the torching of villages.
 Amnesty International called the military operations response as a "shock therapy" for GAM.
 Villages that were suspected of harboring GAM operatives were burnt down and family members of suspected militants were kidnapped and tortured.
 It is estimated more than 300 women and children were raped and between 9.000 (9,000) and 12.000 (12,000) people, mostly civilians, were killed between 1989 and 1998 in the operation.
The Qatari–Bahraini War also known as the Qatari War of Independence was an armed conflict that took place between 1867 and 1868 in the Persian Gulf.
 The conflict pitted Bahrain and Abu Dhabi against the people of Qatar.
 The conflict was the most flagrant violation of the 1835 maritime truce, requiring British intervention.
 The two countries agreed to a truce, mediated by the United Kingdom, which led to Britain recognizing the Al Thani royal family of Qatar as the semi-independent ruler of Qatar.
 The conflict resulted in wide-scale destruction in both countries.
The Cristero War or Cristero Rebellion (1926–29), also known as La Cristiada ] , was a widespread struggle in many central-western Mexican states against the secularist, anti-Catholic and anti-clerical policies of the Mexican government.
 The rebellion was set off by enactment under President Plutarco Elías Calles of a statute to enforce the anti-clerical articles of the Mexican Constitution of 1917 (also known as the Calles Law).
 Calles sought to eliminate the power of the Catholic Church and organizations affiliated with it as an institution, and also suppress popular religious celebration in local communities.
 The massive, popular rural uprising was tacitly supported by the Church hierarchy and was aided by urban Catholic support.
 US Ambassador Dwight W. Morrow brokered negotiations between the Calles government and the Church.
 The government made some concessions, the Church withdrew its support for the Cristero fighters and the conflict ended in 1929.
 It can be seen as a major event in the struggle between Church and State dating back to the 19th century with the War of Reform, but it can also be interpreted as the last major peasant uprising in Mexico following the end of the military phase of the Mexican Revolution in 1920.
Queen Anne's War (1702–1713), as the North American theater of the War of the Spanish Succession was known in the British colonies, was the second in a series of French and Indian Wars fought between France and England, later Great Britain, in North America for control of the continent.
 The War of the Spanish Succession was primarily fought in Europe.
 In addition to the two main combatants, the war also involved numerous American Indian tribes allied with each nation, and Spain, which was allied with France.
 It was also known as the Third Indian War or in French as the Second Intercolonial War.
The First Kurdish–Iraqi War also known as Aylul revolts (Kurdish: شۆڕشی ئەیلوول‎ ) was a major event of the Iraqi-Kurdish conflict, lasting from 1961 until 1970.
 The struggle was led by Mustafa Barzani, in an attempt to establish an independent Kurdish state in northern Iraq.
 Throughout the 1960s, the uprising escalated into a long war, which failed to resolve despite internal power changes in Iraq.
 During the war, 80% of the Iraqi army was engaged in combat with the Kurds.
 The war ended with a stalemate in 1970, resulting in between 75,000 to 105,000 casualties.
 A series of Kurdish-Iraqi negotiations followed the war in an attempt to resolve the conflict.
 The negotiations led to the Iraqi-Kurdish Autonomy Agreement of 1970.
The Mexican Indignados Movement ("Movimiento por la Paz con Justicia y Dignidad") is an ongoing protest movement that began on 28 March 2011 in response to the Mexican Drug War, government and corporate corruption, regressive economic policies, and growing economic inequality and poverty.
 The protests were called by Mexican poet Javier Sicilia in response to the death of his son in Cuernavaca.
 The protesters have called for an end to the Drug War, the legalization of drugs, and the removal of Mexican President Felipe Calderón.
 Protests have occurred in over 40 Mexican cities, including an estimated 50,000 in Cuernavaca and 20,000 in Mexico City.
Juan Nepomuceno Cortina Goseacochea (May 16, 1824 – October 30, 1894), also known by his nicknames Cheno Cortina, the Red Robber of the Rio Grande and the Rio Grande Robin Hood, was a Mexican rancher, politician, military leader, outlaw and folk hero.
 He was an important caudillo, military general and regional leader, who effectively controlled the Mexican state of Tamaulipas as governor.
 In borderlands history he is known for leading a paramilitary mounted Mexican Militia in the failed Cortina Wars.
 The "Wars" were raids targeting Anglo-American civilians whose settlement Cortina opposed near the several leagues of land granted to his wealthy family on both sides of the Rio Grande.
 Anglo families began immigrating to the Lower Rio Grande Valley after the Mexican Army was defeated by the Anglo-Mexican rebels of the Mexican State of Tejas, in the Texas Revolution.
 From 1836 to 1848 when Cortina was 12–24 years old, parts of the Cortina Grant North of the Rio Grande River was in the disputed territory between the Rio Grande and the Nueces Rivers, claimed by both Mexico and the Republic of Texas.
 The situation had a big impact on Cortina and his perspective on government and power.
 When the United States defeated Mexico in the Mexican-American War in 1848, Mexico was forced to concede the disputed territory to Texas.
 Cortina opposed this concession.
 However, Cortina's Mexican militia was easily defeated and forced to flee into Mexico when the Texas Rangers, the United States Army and the local militia of Brownsville, Texas and Matamoros, Tamaulipas.
 According to Robert Elman, author of "Badmen of the West", Cortina was the first "socially motivated border bandit," similar to Catarino Garza and Pancho Villa of later generations.
 His followers were known as the "Cortinistas."
