Captain D’s is a U.S.-based chain of fast casual restaurants specializing in seafood.
 Captain D’s serves a wide variety of seafood that includes freshly prepared entrees and the company’s signature hand batter dipped fish, which is freshly prepared.
 The restaurants also offer premium-quality grilled items such as shrimp and salmon, as well as hushpuppies, desserts and freshly brewed Southern-style sweet tea.
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. ( ) is an American chain of fast casual restaurants in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, and France, specializing in tacos and Mission-style burritos. Its name derives from "chipotle", the Nahuatl name for a smoked and dried jalapeño chili pepper.
 The company trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol CMG.
McAlister's Deli is an American chain of fast casual restaurants founded in 1989 in Oxford, Mississippi by retired dentist Dr. Don Newcomb.
 There are currently over 400 locations in 26 states, ranging from Virginia in the East to Florida in the South to Arizona in West to Michigan in the North.
 The menu includes deli sandwiches, "Texas-size" spuds (baked potatoes), soups, salads, and desserts, as well as catering items such as sandwich trays and boxed lunches.
 The chain is also known for its McAlister's Famous Sweet Tea, which is available by the glass or by the gallon.
Panera Bread Company is an American chain of bakery-café fast casual restaurants in the United States and Canada.
 Its headquarters are in Sunset Hills, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis, and operates as Saint Louis Bread Company in the St. Louis metropolitan area.
 Offerings include soups, salads, pasta, sandwiches, specialty drinks, and bakery items.
4FINGERS (also known as 4FINGERS Crispy Chicken) is a Singaporean chain of fast casual restaurants that specialises in crispy Asian style fried chicken.
 Headquartered in Singapore, the chain was founded in 2009 and currently has 21 stores across Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and Australia.
 The company expanded regionally to Malaysia in 2015 with three stores located in Kuala Lumpur], one store in Petaling Jaya and two outlets in Medan, Indonesia.
 From June–July 2017, 4FINGERS also opened an outlet in Melbourne, Australia[http://www.businessreviewaustralia.com/finance/2431/Singaporean-fried-chicken-chain-4FINGERS-expands-into-Australia <nowiki>[2]</nowiki>] and two outlets in Queensland, Australia, with plans for expansion to Europe and the USA in the future.
Dr. William D. Steers, August 19, 1955 – April 10, 2015, was a Paul Mellon professor and Chair of the Department of Urology at the School of Medicine of the University of Virginia.
 Dr. Steers is past President of the American Board of Urology (ABU) and Editor of the "Journal of Urology".
 In 2003, the University of Virginia awarded Dr. Steers the Hovey Dabney Professorship.
 In 2004 Dr. Steers initiated the Charlottesville Men’s Four Miler road race in Virginia to raise funds for men’s health.
 Dr. Steers was a viticulturist aficionado, he co-owned Well Hung Vineyard in Charlottesville.
 He also authored YOURometer an iPhone app.
 used to record urological related symptoms.
The Bill Steers Men's 4-Miler (formerly Charlottesville Men's Four Miler) is the only all men's run in the Charlottesville area.
 The race was rededicated as a tribute to William D. Steers in 2015.
 It is an annual event hosted by the Department of Urology at the University of Virginia, and the Charlottesville Track Club.
 The event has also been sponsored by Panera Bread, BMW of Charlottesville, Starbucks, Pepsi and the City of Charlottesville.
 The City of Charlottesville also hosts the Women's Four Miler to benefit the UVA Cancer Center Breast Care Program.
 The event, held continuously since 2004, was conceived by William D. Steers with the purpose of raising awareness on men's health issues; to encourage men to take control of their health, and become more physically active.
Aladdin's Eatery is a chain of franchised restaurants in the American Midwest and South-East, specializing in Lebanese cuisine.
 Adapted to American tastes, the sites are fast casual restaurants that also offer take out.
The following is a list of notable current and former fast food restaurant chains, as distinct from fast casual restaurants (see List of casual dining restaurant chains), coffeehouses (see List of coffeehouse chains), ice cream parlors (see List of ice cream parlor chains), and pizzerias (see List of pizza chains).
This is a list of casual dining restaurant chains around the world, arranged in alphabetical order.
 A casual dining restaurant is a restaurant that serves moderately priced food in a casual atmosphere.
 Except for buffet-style restaurants and, more recently, fast casual restaurants, casual dining restaurants usually provide table service.
