Robinsons Townville Cabanatuan (referenced as Robinsons Cabanatuan listed on the text-only annual reports for Robinsons Land (known as SEC 17-A)) is a shopping mall located Maharlika Highway, Cabanatuan, Philippines.
 The mall is owned by John Gokongwei, founder of JG Summit Holdings and Robinsons Land Co, it is the first Robinsons mall in the province.
 The mall was built beside NE Pacific Mall in 2007.
 The mall had its soft opening on November 2008 and its grand opening the next year.
Robinsons Galleria Cebu is a mixed-used development located in North Reclamation Area in Cebu City.
 The mall is just a few meters from the Port of Cebu and approximately 1 kilometer away from SM City Cebu.
 The mall is owned and operated by Robinsons Malls.
 It is the firm's third largest mall (after Robinsons Place Manila and its namesake Robinsons Galleria) and its largest development outside Metro Manila.
Robinsons Metro East (formerly known as Robinsons Place Metro East) is a shopping mall owned by Robinsons Malls .
 Robinsons Metro East is situated along Marikina–Infanta Highway, located at the boundaries between the barangays of Dela Paz in Pasig and San Roque in  Marikina, Philippines.
 The mall, opened in 2001, is currently the 3rd largest mall in the Philippines owned by Robinsons Malls.
Robinsons Novaliches (formerly known as Robinsons Place Novaliches and Robinsons Nova Market) is a shopping mall in Fairview owned and operated by Robinsons Malls, the second largest mall operator in the Philippines.
 This mall was opened in 2001.
 It is the second mall by Robinsons Malls in Quezon City after Robinsons Galleria.
 It has a total floor area of 62,893 square meter.
Robinsons Town Mall Malabon is a shopping mall located in Malabon, Metro Manila, Philippines.
 It is the first full service mall in Malabon owned and managed by Robinsons Land Corporation, the second largest mall operator in the Philippines.
 The mall was opened in 2013.
 It is the 37th mall opened by Robinsons in the Philippines and the first and only Robinsons mall in Malabon and the whole CAMANAVA (North Metro Manila) area.
SM City Cebu, also known locally as SM Cebu, is a large shopping mall located in Cebu City, Philippines.
 It is the 4th shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings, the country's largest shopping mall owner and developer.
 It is the company's first shopping mall outside of Metro Manila and the 6th largest shopping mall in the Philippines.
 It has a land area of 11.8 hectares and a gross floor area of 268,611 m2
Robinsons Place Manila (unofficial name: Robinsons Ermita or Robinsons Place Ermita) is a shopping mall located behind the Philippine General Hospital, the campus of the University of the Philippines Manila and St. Paul University Manila in the City of Manila.
 It was the second and by-far, the largest Robinsons Mall ever built by John Gokongwei.
 It began operations in 1995 and was opened in 1997.
 The mall features anchors like Robinsons Supermarket, Robinsons Department Store.
Robinsons Place Las Piñas is a shopping mall and mixed-use development in Las Piñas, Metro Manila, Philippines.
 It is located on the north side of Alabang–Zapote Road between CAA Road and Admiral Road in Talon 3.
 The mall is owned and managed by Robinsons Land Corporation, the second largest mall operator in the Philippines.
 It is the 39th mall opened by Robinsons in the Philippines and the first and only Robinsons mall in Las Piñas and the whole South Manila area.
Robinsons Place Butuan is a mall located in Jose C. Aquino Avenue (Butuan-Cagayan de Oro-Iligan Highway), Brgy.
 Bayanihan, Butuan City.
 It is Robinsons Land's 33rd commercial center in the Philippines and the 4th Robinsons Mall in Mindanao after Robinsons Cagayan de Oro, Robinsons Cybergate Davao and Robinsons Place Gensan.
 It covers an area of over 45300 m2 making it the biggest than its predecessors in Mindanao.
 It was opened to the public on 25 November, 2013.
 The mall also features 102-room hotel component that occupies 4th and 5th levels in the east wing of the building.
 An expansion wing, located beside the mall, was opened in August 2, 2017 and will feature more shops and restaurants.
Robinsons Galleria (also known as Robinsons Galleria Ortigas) is a mixed-use complex and shopping mall located at EDSA corner Ortigas Avenue, Quezon City just near SM Megamall.
 The mall is owned by Robinsons Malls, and it is their flagship mall.
 It was built in 1990 with a total gross floor area of approximately 216000 m2 .
