Khaglan Wala (ڪھگلانواله) is a village and union council of Isakhel Tehsil of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
 It is part of Isa Khel Tehsil and is located at 32°37'60N 71°16'0E.
It is located on the northern bank of Kurram River.
 It is one of the villages situated on the western borders of Punjab province adjacent to KPK province.
 Its population is about 3000 people .
 It is a comparatively developed village as basic facilities like electricity, telephone, metallic road, internet, schools, water supply system and sewerage system are provided to the inhabitants of this village.
 It is also a well-planned village situated on a 40 feet wide (18' metallic) road.
 A 30' main street runs east to west through the village by equally dividing the entire village into two parts.
 Three other streets run north to south crossing the main street at 90°.
 There are four mosques including a grand mosque (Jamae Masjid or Waddi Maseet) situated in this settlement.
 The scene of river Kurram alongside bela jungle give beautiful look to this historical village.
 Khaglanwala is a hub of different routs coming from various villages situated on other side of the River Kurram to reach Isa Khel city.
Irkut (Russian: Ирку́т , Mongolian: Эрхүү гол Buryat: Эрхүү гол ) is a river in the Buryat Republic and Irkutsk Oblast of Russia.
 It is the Angara River's left tributary.
 It flows out of lake Ilchir which is situated 50 km away from the highest peak of the Eastern Sayan Mountains, Munku-Sardyk.
 The length of the river is 488 km .
 The area of its basin is 15000 km2 .
 The Irkut River freezes up in late October or mid-November and stays icebound until late April or early May.
 The city of Irkutsk is located at the mouth of the Irkut River on the Angara River.
Suifenhe () is a county-level city in southeastern Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China, located situated where the former Chinese Eastern Railway crosses the border with Russia's town of Pogranichny, Primorsky Krai.
 In January 2014 Suifenhe became the only Chinese city in which trading with Russian Ruble is allowed.
The Ram Fortress is situated on a steep slope on the right bank of the River Danube, in the municipality of Veliko Gradište, Serbia.
 Situated on a rock which is from the northeast side tilted towards the Danube River.
 It is assumed that the city was built on an opposite side of fortress of Haram, from which nothing was left today, and which is located on the other side of the Danube.
 The remains of the city are in good condition today.
Metopus magnus is a species of metopid first found in soil from the Murray River floodplain, Australia.
 This species can be distinguished from its congeners by its large body size and the shape of the macronucleus; this species' micronucleus is located situated in a small macronuclear concavity.
The Geography of Atlanta encompasses 132.4 sqmi , of which 131.7 sqmi is land and 0.7 sqmi is water.
 The city is situated among the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains, and at 1050 ft above mean sea level, Atlanta has one of the highest elevations among major cities east of the Mississippi River.
 Atlanta straddles the Eastern Continental Divide, such that rainwater that falls on the south and east side of the divide flows into the Atlantic Ocean, while rainwater on the north and west side of the divide flows into the Gulf of Mexico.
 Atlanta sits atop a ridge south of the Chattahoochee River, which is part of the ACF River Basin.
 Located at the far northwestern edge of the city, much of the river’s natural habitat is preserved, in part by the Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area.
Amicale Sportive Dragons is a Congolese football club based in Kinshasa.
  As of the 2007/2008 season they play in the Linafoot league, the top level of professional football in DR Congo.
  Their home games are played at Stade 24 Novembre.
Stade 7 Novembre du Kef (Arabic: ملعب 7 نوفمبر بالكاف‎ ‎ ) Home ground of Olympique du Kef, located in the city of El Kef in northwest Tunisia, and it has the capacity of 9,000.
Dinajpur (] ; Bengali: দিনাজপুর ) is a city of Rangpur Division situated in northern part of Bangladesh.
 It was founded in 1786.
 It is located in the Dinajpur District, near the capital city of Rangpur Division,413 km north-west of Dhaka in Bangladesh.
 It is situated in 25o37' N. latitude and 88o39' E longitude on the eastern bank of the river Punarvhaba.
 It is bounded on the north by Suihari, Katapara, Bangi Bechapara, Pulhat, Koshba on the south, on the east of Sheikhupura and by the river Punarbhava on the west.
Stade 24 Novembre, formerly known as Stade Reine Astrid and today Stade Cardinal Malula, is a stadium located in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 It opened in 1937 and serves as the home of AS Dragons.
