"Fly" is a song by American rock band Sugar Ray.
 It appears on their 1997 album "Floored" twice: one version with reggae artist Super Cat (Track 4) and the other without (Track 13).
Sugar Ray is the self-titled fourth studio album by the band Sugar Ray.
 The album was released on June 12, 2001, and debuted at number 6 on the "Billboard" 200 chart,<ref name="sugar ray/billboard"> </ref> and eventually went gold.
 The album's first single, "When It's Over", performed well on pop and rock charts as well.
"When It's Over" is a song by American rock band Sugar Ray and it was released in May 2001 as the lead single from their self-titled fourth album "Sugar Ray".
 The song reached number 6 in New Zealand, number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 32 on the UK Singles Chart.
Floored is the second studio album by American rock band Sugar Ray, released on June 24, 1997.
 It includes the hit song "Fly", and another moderately successful single, "RPM".
 Two versions of "Fly" are found on the album, one of them featuring reggae artist Super Cat.
"Falls Apart" is a song by American rock band Sugar Ray from their album "".
 The song reached number 29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 5 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks.
Sugar Ray is an American rock band formed in 1986.
 The band, starting off more as a funk metal band, gained mainstream fame in 1997 with their release of the song "Fly".
 This song's success, coupled with its pop rock sound that was quite different from the rest of their material at the time, led the band to change to a mainstream, pop music style.
 Subsequent albums shared this style, and the band landed a number of hits with "Every Morning" and "Someday" from "" and "When It's Over" from their self-titled album.
Lemonade and Brownies is the debut studio album by the American rock band Sugar Ray.
 It was produced by the band's director friend Joseph McGinty "McG" Nichol and DJ Lethal and released on April 4, 1995 by Atlantic Records.
 Actress Nicole Eggert is featured on the cover.
 Even though the album did not chart and was a commercial and critical failure for Atlantic Records, the band stayed on the label, going on to huge success.
"Someday"(1999) is a single from the rock band Sugar Ray from their third album "".
 The song reached #7 on both the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the Hot Modern Rock Tracks, as well as #4 on the Hot 100 Airplay and #4 on Canada's "RPM" singles chart.
14:59 is the third studio album by American rock band Sugar Ray, released on January 12, 1999.
 It entered the top 20 on the "Billboard" 200, peaking at number 17<ref name="1459/billboard"> </ref> and certified triple-platinum by the RIAA.
 The album shows the band moving into a more mainstream pop rock sound, away from their earlier funk metal and nu metal sound, due to the success of their single "Fly" off their prior album, "Floored".
 The album's title is a self-deprecating reference to the "15 minutes of fame" critics claimed the band was riding on.
Das Damen was an alternative rock band from New York City, United States, formed in 1984.
 The band released several albums before splitting up in 1991.
 The band's name is fake German and allegedly translates to "the ladies" (the correct German form would be "Die Damen").
