Rio Hondo Preparatory School, familiarly known as Rio Hondo Prep, RHP or simply Rio, is a day school for grades 6–12.
 Founded in 1964, it is located in Arcadia, California.
The Rio Bonito is a small river in the Sierra Blanca Mountains of southern New Mexico, United States.
 The headwaters of the river start in the Lincoln National Forest on the slopes of Sierra Blanca and travel eastward until they merge with the south fork of the Rio Bonito just west of Bonito Lake, a man-made reservoir.
 After passing through the reservoir, the river continues in a generally eastward direction passing through the historic Fort Stanton and the home of Billy the Kid, Lincoln, New Mexico.
 10 mi past Lincoln the Rio Bonito merges with the Rio Ruidoso in the town of Hondo, New Mexico where the two rivers join to form the Rio Hondo which then flows towards the Pecos River.
 Though not reaching the Pecos except during floods.
Rio Hondo College is a community college located in the city of Whittier, California, United States, named after the Rio Hondo.
 Founded in 1960, it mainly serves the cities of Whittier, Pico Rivera, Santa Fe Springs, El Monte, and South El Monte.
 Rio Hondo College offers 23 associate degrees for transfer that guarantee transfer to California State Universities, 50 associate degrees and 60 certificates.
 Rio Hondo offers on-campus, online, and off-campus courses to all of its students.
San Roman village also known as San Roman Rio Hondo is located in the Orange Walk District from the nation of Belize.
 The village consist of mainly people from Yucatec Maya descent.
 San Roman Rio Hondo is known for having 100 Year Old Church .
The Rio Hondo is a 79 mi river in southern New Mexico which begins at the confluence of the Rio Bonito and Rio Ruidoso rivers near the town of Hondo, New Mexico.
 The river flows eastward through the Hondo Valley in the foothills of the Sierra Blanca and Capitan Mountains, roughly paralleling the route of U.S. Route 70 through the towns of Picacho and Tinnie.
 Near the community of Riverside the river passes through a deep canyon before entering the rolling hills west of Roswell.
In northern New Mexico, the Rio Hondo begins high in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains near Taos Ski Valley and flows for approximately 20 mi into the Rio Grande.
 Portions of the Rio Hondo are prized as prime spots for bird-watching and fishing.
 The river was the subject of a 2005 study by the New Mexico Environment Department Surface Water Quality Bureau into the effects of wastewater from Taos Ski Valley, which is discharged from the Village of Taos Ski Valley Waste Water Treatment Plant.
Hondo is an unincorporated community in Lincoln County, New Mexico, United States.
 It is located about five miles downstream (east) from Ruidosos Downs, where the Rio Bonito and Rio Ruidoso rivers join together to form the Rio Hondo.
 It is located at the point where U.S. Route 70 is joined by U.S. Route 380, which conjoined route continues eastward.
 It has had a post office since 1900.
The Rio Hondo Bike Path is a Class 1 bicycle path that parallels the Rio Hondo (creek) through the San Gabriel Valley, in eastern Los Angeles County, California.
 The bicycle path is gently graded, and has sections with more greenery and mature trees than other bicycle paths in the area.
Rio Hondo High School is a high school in Rio Hondo, Texas.
 It is a part of the Rio Hondo Independent School District.
Rio Hondo Independent School District is a public school district based in Rio Hondo, Texas (USA).
