India is a country in South Asia.
 It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country (with over 1.2 billion people), and the most populous democracy in the world.
India lies on the Indian Plate, the northern portion of the Indo-Australian Plate, whose continental crust forms the Indian subcontinent.
 The country is situated north of the equator between 8°4' to 37°6' north latitude and 68°7' to 97°25' east longitude.
 It is the seventh-largest country in the world, with a total area of 3287263 km2 .
 India measures 3214 km from north to south and 2933 km from east to west.
 It has a land frontier of 15200 km and a coastline of 7516.6 km .
India, officially the Republic of India ("Bhārat Gaṇarājya"), is a country in South Asia.
 It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country (with over 1.2 billion people), and the most populous democracy in the world.
 It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south, the Arabian Sea on the southwest, and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast.
 It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west; China, Nepal, and Bhutan to the northeast; and Myanmar (Burma) and Bangladesh to the east.
 In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives.
 India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia.
Noelle Bassi (married name: Noelle Bassi Smith; born December 1, 1983) is a butterfly swimmer from the United States, who won the silver medal in the women's 200m butterfly event at the 2003 Pan American Games.
 She is best known for her 2004 National Champion title in the 200m butterfly, and her placement on the top 25 world/top 10 U.S. rankings lists for six consecutive years.
 Bassi is a three-time Olympic Trial Qualifier (2000, 2004, 2008), and a 2004 Olympic Trial Finalist for the U.S. team.
The economy of India is an underdeveloped mixed economy.
 It is the world's seventh-largest economy by nominal GDP and the third-largest by purchasing power parity (PPP).
 The country ranks 141st in per capita GDP (nominal) with $1723 and 123rd in per capita GDP (PPP) with $6,616 as of 2016.
 After 1991 economic liberalisation, India achieved 6-7% average GDP growth annually.
 In FY 2015 and 2017 India's economy became the world's fastest growing major economy surpassing China.
 The long-term growth prospective of the Indian economy is positive due to its young population, corresponding low dependency ratio, healthy savings and investment rates, and increasing integration into the global economy.
Joris Gerhard Keizer (born 26 January 1979, in Hengelo) is a retired butterfly swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 in Sydney, Australia.
 There he was eliminated in the semifinals of the 100m butterfly, and finished in fourth place with the men's 4×100 medley relay team.
 A year earlier, Keizer won the bronze medal in the 50m butterfly at the 1999 FINA Short Course World Championships.
 He retired from the sport after a disappointing appearance at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
"Butterfly" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her sixth studio album of the same name.
 It was released as the second single from the album on December 1, 1997 by Columbia Records.
 The song was written, arranged and produced by Carey and Walter Afanasieff.
 "Butterfly" is a ballad combining elements of pop and gospel genres.
 Carey had originally conceived it as a house record with David Morales titled "Fly Away (Butterfly Reprise)".
 After realizing how personal the lyrics were and how they could be applied to "Butterfly", she wrote the album's title track with Afanasieff.
 On the song's lyrics, Carey sings to someone, telling them to spread their wings and release into the world on their own, like a butterfly.
Angola , officially the Republic of Angola (Portuguese: "República de Angola" ] ; Kikongo, Kimbundu and Umbundu: "Repubilika ya Ngola"), is a country in Southern Africa.
 It is the seventh-largest country in Africa and is bordered by Namibia to the south, the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north, Zambia to the east, and the Atlantic Ocean to west.
 The exclave province of Cabinda has borders with the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 The capital and largest city of Angola is Luanda.
Rice production in Vietnam in the Mekong and Red River deltas is important to the food supply in the country and national economy.
 Vietnam is one of world's richest agricultural regions and is the second-largest (after Thailand) exporter worldwide and the world's seventh-largest consumer of rice.
 The Mekong Delta is the heart of the rice producing region of the country where water, boats, houses and markets coexist to produce a generous harvest of rice.
 Vietnam's land area of 33 million ha has three ecosystems that dictate rice culture.
 These are the southern delta (with its Mekong Delta dominating rice coverage), the northern delta (the tropical monsoon area with cold winters) and the highlands of the north (with upland rice varieties).
 The most prominent irrigated rice system is the Mekong Delta.
 Rice is a staple of the national diet and is seen as a "gift from God".
Angola is a country in Southern Africa.
 It is the seventh-largest country in Africa and is bordered by Namibia to the south, the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north and east, Zambia to the east, and the Atlantic Ocean to west.
 The exclave province of Cabinda has borders with the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 The capital and largest city of Angola is Luanda.
