Robert Altomare (October 30, 1938 - April 28, 2012), known professionally as Bobby Alto, was an American actor, comedian and performer.
 He and Buddy Mantia made up the Brooklyn-based comedy team "Alto & Mantia".
 They performed on both "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" (original air date September 6, 1971) and "Toast of the Town" with Ed Sullivan (original air date October 20, 1968).
 Alto and Mantia also teamed with Marvin Braverman as the comedy team "The Untouchables."
Eat Bulaga!
 (or "EB") is the longest running noontime variety show in the Philippines produced by Television And Production Exponents Inc. (TAPE).
 First air date is July 30, 1979 and the show is currently aired by GMA Network.
 The show broadcasts from The New TAPE Studios (Eastside Studio) at the Broadway Centrum in New Manila, Quezon City.
 "Eat Bulaga!"
 is aired Weekdays at 12:00 pm to 2:30 pm and Saturdays at 11:30 am to 2:30 pm (PST).
 The show is also broadcast worldwide through GMA Pinoy TV and via livestreaming on YouTube.
 The name approximately translates to "Lunchtime Surprise!"
.
Gormiti Nature Unleashed is an Italian CGI animated series co-produced from Giochi Preziosi and Mondo TV.
 After the first Gormiti series success among Italy and Europe, production companies decided to revive it in a combination of 3D and computer-generated animation in high definition.
 The new 26x22′ series is titled Gormiti: Nature Unleashed.
 According to Michelle Azoury, head of sales and brand manager at Mondo TV, it "does not discount the earlier series but does not directly address it either."
Care Bears: Welcome to Care-a-Lot, or simply known as Welcome to Care-a-Lot, is an American/Canadian CGI adventure musical animated TV series which is based on the "Care Bears" franchise in honor of their 30th anniversary.
 It is produced by American Greetings Properties.
 Unlike its previous predecessor "Care Bears" shows, this is AG's first CGI animated "Care Bears" TV series, though several films in the franchise had been released in the format.
 The series premiered on June 2, 2012 on the Hub Network in the United States.
 Previews of each new episode were released weekly on an official channel on YouTube, along with occasional music video or other promotional releases.
WEJS (1600 AM) is a sports radio station in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, United States branded as "Fox Sports 1600".
 WEJS' first air date was August 1, 1979.
WLYC (1050 AM) is a sports radio station in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, United States, branded as Fox Sports Radio 1050.
 WLYC's first air date was June 26, 1951.
 The station was purchased in late 2013 by longtime General Manager Todd Bartley from Daniel Klingerman and Larry Allison, Jr., who co-owned the station with Colonial Radio Group until September 2010, when Colonial focused its efforts on FM stations in the Olean, New York, market and sold its remaining shares in WLYC to Klingerman and Allison.
Villa Dulce (English: "Sweet Village") is a Chilean CGI animated series created by Beatriz Buttazzoni and Francisco Bobadilla of Empatía Productions in 2004 and broadcast in Canal 13 network.
 Villa Dulce was a historical series in Chile because it was the first animated TV program made in the country since Condorito's shorts in the 80s.
Mixels was a 2014 comedy animated television series that aired on Cartoon Network, co-produced by The Lego Group and Cartoon Network Studios.
 The series first aired on February 12, 2014 with a new episode of "Teen Titans Go!
".
 The series revolves around the Mixels, small creatures that can mix and combine with one another in creative and unpredictable storylines.
 Although previous Lego series, such as "" and "Legends of Chima" use CGI animation, "Mixels" made use of Toon Boom Harmony software, which is animated at Atomic Cartoons, Inc., before later being animated traditionally at Digital eMation, Inc., Big Star Entertainment, Inc., and Saerom Animation, Inc..
Hella Kemper (born 2 February 1959 in Gummersbach) known by her stage name Hella von Sinnen (lit.
 "Hella out of [her] mind", making pun of the aristocratic "von") is a German entertainer.
 She had several TV shows on German private channels (mainly RTL Group).
 Since the show's first air date on 11 January 2003, she has formed (together with Bernhard Hoëcker) the two permanent panel members of the award-winning weekly Sat.1 improvisational comedy show "Genial daneben" (lit.
 "ingeniously off the mark") presented by her main TV partner Hugo Egon Balder.
 In this show, von Sinnen, Hoëcker and three varying comedians try to answer strange questions sent in by the audience.
 Her stage name is a pun on the German "von" preposition denoting noble descent; "von Sinnen" is a German expression for "mad or insane".
Remote Control War is a one-hour documentary produced by Zoot Pictures.
 The documentary focuses on the rise of robotics in the military.
 It was broadcast on CBC in Canada as part of the "Doc Zone" series, with first air date of February 24, 2011.
 The production team shot in Europe, Israel and across North America, going from the Pentagon to production facilities and research laboratories to find the latest technology, trends and the issues that arise when robots are used to kill humans.
