A documentary swarm is one of the terms used for the technique of creating audio/video media content that combines documentary film, and citizen journalism.
 The concept was first utilized by Martin Kunert and Eric Manes's 2004 theatrical film "Voices of Iraq" where 150 DV cameras were sent to Iraq during the war and used by Iraqis to film themselves.
James Waterston (born January 17, 1969) is an American film and television actor whose first role was playing Gerard Pitts in the 1989 film "Dead Poets Society".
Amy Lysle Smart (born March 26, 1976) is an American actress and former fashion model.
 Smart began her career modeling in Italy and subsequently enrolled in acting school.
 Her first role in film was in director Martin Kunert's film "Campfire Tales."
 She has since appeared in numerous films, including "Varsity Blues" (1999), "Road Trip" (2000), "Rat Race" (2001), "The Butterfly Effect" (2004), "Just Friends" (2005), "Mirrors" (2008), and Tyler Perry's "The Single Moms Club" (2014).
Martin Kunert (Marcin Stanisław Kunert-Dziewanowski) is a feature film and television writer, director and producer; and since 2010, a photographer.
 In 2004, Kunert conceived and directed the documentary "Voices of Iraq", made by sending 150 DV cameras to Iraqis to film their own lives. "
MovieMaker Magazine" hailed the film as “truly a groundbreaking film…both in terms of its content and the process behind its production.”
Fear (promoted as MTV's Fear) is an American paranormal reality television series that originally aired from 2000 to 2002 on MTV.
 The program follows a group of five or more contestants being left at an allegedly haunted location and led them on a series of dares over two nights to explore and confirm whether or not the place is haunted.
 The show was created by Martin Kunert and Eric Manes who were inspired by the 1973 horror film "The Legend of Hell House".
 The pilot episode was co-executive produced and directed by George Verschoor.
 The series aired the first two episodes in a pilot run, which received outstanding reviews and a full season was ordered.
 After eight more episodes, another season was ordered.
 The second season ended after only six aired episodes.
 The series was not cancelled due to a lack of interest (the show was the second most popular on MTV at the time of its cancellation), but due to the high cost of producing each episode.
 A DVD, "MTV's Inside Fear", was released on November 6, 2001.
Neetu Singh (born 8 July 1958), also known by her marriage name Neetu Kapoor, is an Indian film actress who appears in Hindi films.
 She started acting at the age of 8 under the name Baby Sonia.
 Her first role as child artist was with the film "Suraj" in 1966.
 She played "Roopa" in the 1966 movie "Dus Lakh" and a dual role in the film "Do Kaliyaan".
 Her other notable films as a child actress were "Waris" and "Pavitra Paapi".
 She made her adult debut as a leading actress with the film "Rickshawala" in 1973 and went on to appear in 55 films as the lead heroine from 1973 to 1983.
 She left the film industry in 1983 after her marriage to frequent co-star Rishi Kapoor in 1980.
 She made her comeback to films after 26 years, appearing opposite her husband in the superhit films; romantic drama "Love Aaj Kal" (2009), comedy drama "Do Dooni Chaar" (2010), romance "Jab Tak Hai Jaan" (2012)the last of which rank among the highest-grossing Indian films, and the comedy "Besharam" (2013), a box office flop.
Me, Myself & Irene is a 2000 American black comedy film directed by the Farrelly brothers, and starring Jim Carrey and Renée Zellweger.
 Chris Cooper, Robert Forster, Richard Jenkins, Daniel Greene, Anthony Anderson, Jerod Mixon and Mongo Brownlee co-star.
 The film is about a Rhode Island state trooper named Charlie who, after years of continuously suppressing his rage and feelings, suffers a psychotic breakdown which results in a second personality, Hank.
 This was also Carrey's first role in a 20th Century Fox film.
Catherine Scorsese (née Cappa; April 16, 1912 – January 6, 1997) was an American actress, and the mother of director Martin Scorsese.
 Of Italian descent, she began acting when her son Martin Scorsese cast her in his film "It's Not Just You, Murray!"
.
 She frequently played the role of an Italian mother, and is perhaps most well known for her appearance in her son's film "Goodfellas".
 She acted in films other than her son's.
 She was married to Charles Scorsese.
 Her father, Martin Cappa, was a stage co-ordinator and her mother, Domenica, was a shop owner.
 She published a recipe book, "Italianamerican: The Scorsese Family Cookbook".
Campfire Tales is a 1997 American anthology horror film directed by Matt Cooper, Martin Kunert, and David Semel.
 The film is made up of three individual short segments that are presented in an overarching narrative, told by a group of friends around a fire after they crash their car in the woods.
 It stars James Marsden, Christine Taylor, Amy Smart, and Ron Livingston.
 The film was released direct to video in 1998 through New Line Cinema.
Mariana Ximenes do Prado Nuzzi (born April 26, 1981) is a Brazilian actress.
 Her first role was in the telenovela "Fascinação" in 1998 where she portrayed the role of Emília Gouveia.
 In the same year she played the role of Ruth Stern in the film "Caminho dos Sonhos".
 In 2000, she played in "Uga-Uga" portraying "Bionda".
 This role rise to prominence as she became widely known in Brazil and internationally.
 Later in 2001, she offered her services in the Portuguese voice over translation in the Canadian/Chinese animated series "Braceface", for the character Sharon Spitz.
 She later played the protagonist in "Cobras & Lagartos" in 2006 and Lara in "A Favorita", later in 2008.
 In 2010, she portrayed her first villainous role in the critically acclaimed telenovela "Passione".
 Since 2010 she has appeared in several telenovelas, television series, films and theatre performances.
 In 2016, she is slated to star in the successor of "Totalmente Demais", "Haja Coração", together with Malvino Salvador.
