The discography of the Pet Shop Boys, an English electronic/pop music duo, comprises 13 studio albums, four compilation albums, two live albums, four remix albums, one extended play and 55 singles.
 The duo's debut single, "West End Girls", was first released in 1984 but failed to chart in most regions.
 However, the song was entirely re-recorded in late 1985, and this newly recorded version became their first number-one single, topping the UK Singles Chart, "Billboard" Hot 100 and Canadian Singles Chart.
 Parlophone Records released the duo's debut album, "Please", in the United Kingdom in March 1986.
 The album peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart and was certified Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
 It also peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States and was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 The following summer they released "It's a Sin", the lead single from their second album, "Actually".
 The single became another UK number one and also reached number nine in the US.
 This was followed by "What Have I Done to Deserve This?
", with Dusty Springfield, which peaked at number two in both the UK and US.
 In the summer of 1987 the Pet Shop Boys recorded "Always on My Mind", a cover of the Brenda Lee track, and it became their third UK number-one single over Christmas 1987.
 This was followed by another UK number one, "Heart" in spring 1988.
 The album "Actually" was released in September 1987, peaked at number two in the UK and was certified three-times Platinum by the BPI.
Elijah Blue Molina (born October 15, 1987), better known by his stage name Scoop DeVille, is an American record producer, rapper and DJ.
 DeVille has produced records for several prominent rappers, such as Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, 50 Cent, Busta Rhymes and Fat Joe, among several others.
 He is perhaps best known for producing rapper Snoop Dogg's "I Wanna Rock", as well as Kendrick Lamar's "Poetic Justice", both of which charted in the top 50 of the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
"These Walls" is a song by American rapper Kendrick Lamar.
 It was released on October 13, 2015, as the fifth and final single from his third album, "To Pimp a Butterfly" (2015).
 The track was written by Kendrick Lamar, Terrace Martin, Larrance Dopson, James Fauntleroy and Rose McKinney.
 It won Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 58th Grammy Awards.
American singer Madonna has released 83 singles and 16 promotional singles, and charted with 14 other songs.
 In 1982, she signed a contract with Sire Records and Warner Bros.
 Records, and released her first two singles before launching her eponymous debut album.
 Her first entry on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 was "Holiday" (1983), which peaked at number 16.
 The following year, Madonna released "Like a Virgin", which reached number one in Australia, Canada and the US; in the latter it spent six weeks atop the chart.
 The album "Like a Virgin" spawned three other top five singles: "Material Girl", "Angel", and "Dress You Up".
 In 1985, Madonna released her second US number-one single, "Crazy for You", and her first UK number-one single, "Into the Groove", both from feature film soundtracks.
 The following year, her third studio album "True Blue" gave her three number-one singles: "Live to Tell", "Papa Don't Preach", and "Open Your Heart".
 Two other singles from the album, "True Blue" and "La Isla Bonita", were top-five hits.
 In 1987, she scored another number-one single with "Who's That Girl".
 The title track from Madonna's fourth studio album, "Like a Prayer" (1989), was her seventh single to top the Hot 100 chart, making her the female artist with the most number-one singles in the 1980s (shared with Whitney Houston).
"Give It 2 U" is a song by American recording artist Robin Thicke, featuring a guest appearance from American rapper Kendrick Lamar.
 The song was serviced to mainstream radio on August 27, 2013 as the third single from Thicke's sixth studio album "Blurred Lines" (2013).
 The song was written by Thicke and Lamar alongside will.i.am, and produced by Dr. Luke and Cirkut.
 It peaked at number 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 and 41 on the ARIA chart in Australia.
"Miss You Much" is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson, released as the lead single from her fourth album "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814" (1989).
 The single spent four weeks at number-one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, making it the longest running number-one single of 1989.
 "Miss You Much" was the second-best selling single of 1989 and the biggest radio airplay song of the year.
 "Billboard" later listed "Miss You Much" as Janet Jackson's all-time biggest Hot 100 single.
 It is Jackson's third longest running number-one single, behind "That's the Way Love Goes" (1993) and "All for You" (2001), which spent eight and seven weeks at number-one.
"Humble" (stylized as "HUMBLE.")
 is a song by American rapper Kendrick Lamar.
 It was released on March 30, 2017, by Top Dawg Entertainment, Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records.
 The song, written by Lamar and Mike Will Made It and produced by the latter, was serviced to rhythmic contemporary radio as the lead single from Lamar's fourth studio album, "Damn".
 The single became Lamar's second number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 after "Bad Blood" and his first as a lead artist.
"Swimming Pools (Drank)" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kendrick Lamar.
 It was released on July 31, 2012 as the lead single (second overall) from his major-label debut studio album "good kid, m.A.A.d city" (2012), by Top Dawg, Aftermath and Interscope.
 The song was written by Lamar and Tyler "T-Minus" Williams, the latter of whom also produced the song.
 The song, mixed by Dr. Dre and Top Dawg's engineer Derek "MixedByAli" Ali, propelled Lamar to mainstream popularity.
 The song peaked at number 17 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, in its thirteenth week of charting, after gradually climbing up the chart.
 It debuted on the Hot 100 at number 100 and progressed from number 55 and 32 to its peak.
 "Swimming Pools (Drank)" also serves as Lamar's first entry on the UK Singles Chart, where it debuted at number 63.
"Freedom" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé featuring American rapper Kendrick Lamar for her sixth studio album, "Lemonade" (2016).
 The song was written by Jonny Coffer, Beyoncé, Carla Marie Williams, Dean McIntosh and Kendrick Lamar; it contains samples of "Let Me Try", written by Frank Tirado, performed by Kaleidoscope; samples of "Collection Speech/Unidentified Lining Hymn", recorded by Alan Lomax in 1959, performed by Reverend R.C. Crenshaw; and samples of "Stewball", recorded by Alan Lomax and John Lomax, Sr. in 1947, performed by Prisoner "22" at Mississippi State Penitentiary at Parchman.
 Its production was handled by Beyoncé, Coffer and veteran hip hop record producer Just Blaze.
"Collard Greens" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Schoolboy Q, released on June 11, 2013 as the lead single from his third studio album "Oxymoron" (2014).
 The song, produced by production team THC and co-produced by Gwen Bunn, features a guest appearance from his Black Hippy cohort and fellow American rapper Kendrick Lamar.
 The song has since peaked at number 92 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 36 on the UK R&B Chart.
 It was met with generally positive reviews from music critics.
