The Girl in the Book is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Marya Cohn in her directorial debut.
 The film stars Emily VanCamp, Michael Nyqvist, David Call, Michael Cristofer, Talia Balsam and Ana Mulvoy-Ten.
 It had its world premiere at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 13, 2015.
 The film was released in a limited release and through video on demand on December 11, 2015, by Myriad Pictures, and Freestyle Releasing.
The Wannabe is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Nick Sandow.
 The film stars Patricia Arquette, David Zayas, Domenick Lombardozzi, Michael Imperioli, Vincent Piazza and Nick Sandow.
 The film was released on December 4, 2015, by Entertainment One Films and Orion Pictures.
Bare is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Natalia Leite and produced by Alexandra Roxo, Natalia Leite, and Chad Burris.
 It stars Dianna Agron, Paz de la Huerta, Chris Zylka, and Louisa Krause.
 The film follows a young woman living in a small desert town in Nevada, who becomes romantically involved with a female drifter who leads her into a life of drugs, stripping, and psychedelic spiritual experiences.
 The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 19, 2015.
 IFC Films released it on October 30, 2015, in a limited release and through video on demand.
The Benefactor (originally titled Franny) is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Andrew Renzi.
 The film stars Richard Gere, Dakota Fanning, Theo James, and Clarke Peters.
 The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 17, 2015.
 The film was released in the United States on January 15, 2016, in a limited release and through video on demand by Samuel Goldwyn Films.
Brotherly Love is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Jamal Hill.
 The film stars Keke Palmer, Cory Hardrict, Eric D. Hill and Quincy Brown.
 The film was executive produced by Queen Latifah for her production company Flavor Unit Films, Electric Republic and Jacavi Film.
 "Brotherly Love" was distributed by Freestyle Releasing and had a limited theatrical release in the United States on April 24, 2015.
Unexpected is a 2015 American drama film written by Kris Swanberg and Megan Mercier.
 It stars Cobie Smulders as a teacher at an inner city Chicago high school who unintentionally becomes pregnant.
 One of her students, Jasmine (Gail Bean), is also unexpectedly pregnant, and the two bond through planning their futures.
 The film had its world premiere at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival on January 25, 2015.
 The film was released in a limited release and released video on demand on July 24, 2015, by The Film Arcade.
Krisha is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Trey Edward Shults in his feature-length directorial debut, starring his real-life aunt Krisha Fairchild, and produced by J.P. Castel and Jonathan R. Chan, and is the feature-length adaption of the 2014 short film "Krisha" also directed by Shults.
Songs My Brothers Taught Me is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Chloé Zhao and produced by Forest Whitaker.
 It is Zhao's debut feature film and was developed in Sundance Institute workshops.
 The film, set on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota, explores the bond between a Lakota Sioux brother and his younger sister.
Bleeding Heart is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Diane Bell.
 The film stars Jessica Biel, Zosia Mamet, Joe Anderson and Edi Gathegi.
 The film was produced by Jonathan Schwartz, Andrea Sperling, and Greg Ammon.
Safelight is a 2015 American drama film, written and directed by Tony Aloupis, and starring Juno Temple, Evan Peters, Kevin Alejandro, Jason Beghe, Ariel Winter, and Christine Lahti.
 The film had its world premiere on April 17, 2015 at the Nashville Film Festival.
