The Young Doctors is a 1961 film directed by Phil Karlson and starring Ben Gazzara, Fredric March, Dick Clark, Ina Balin, Eddie Albert, Phyllis Love, Aline MacMahon, George Segal (in his first movie) and Dolph Sweet.
 The film is based on the 1959 novel "The Final Diagnosis" by Arthur Hailey.
 Ronald Reagan was the narrator in the film.
Rosario Castellanos Figueroa (] ; 25 May 1925 – 7 August 1974) was a Mexican poet and author.
 Along with the other members of the Generation of 1950 (the poets who wrote following the Second World War, influenced by César Vallejo and others), she was one of Mexico's most important literary voices in the last century.
 Throughout her life, she wrote eloquently about issues of cultural and gender oppression, and her work has influenced feminist theory and cultural studies.
 Though she died young, she opened the door of Mexican literature to women, and left a legacy that still resonates today.
Detective is a novel by Arthur Hailey.
 It was written in 1997 and it was the author's last book.
 Hailey depicts the work of the homicide department and its background and investigation methods.
The Centro Cultural Bella Epoca is a cultural 3,000 square meter cultural centre in the Condesa neighborhood in Mexico City.
 It includes the Rosario Castellanos bookshop (claimed to be the largest bookshop in Latin America) which carries over 35 thousand different titles, and has a children’s area, a coffee shop, and reading facilities.
 The "Cine Lido" art cinema and "Galería Luis Cardoza y Aragón" art gallery are also housed in the cultural center.
Wheels (1971) is a novel by Arthur Hailey, concerning the automobile industry and the day-to-day pressures involved in its operation.
Zero Hour!
 is a 1957 drama film directed by Hall Bartlett from a screenplay by Arthur Hailey, Hall Bartlett and John Champion.
 It stars Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell and Sterling Hayden and features Peggy King, Elroy "Crazy Legs" Hirsch, Geoffrey Toone and Jerry Paris in supporting roles.
 The film was released by Paramount Pictures.
Airport is a bestselling novel by British-Canadian writer Arthur Hailey.
 Published by Doubleday in 1968, the story concerns a large metropolitan airport and its operations during a severe winter storm.
Jean-Claude Andro (1937, Quimper – 2000) was a French writer.
 He published his first novel at 22 and then left to teach in Mexico (1960-62).
 He then pursued a career as a novelist and translator ("Zone sacrée" and "Chant des aveugles" by Carlos Fuentes and "Christ des ténèbres" by Rosario Castellanos).
Cristina Pacheco is a journalist, writer, interviewer and television personality who lives and works in Mexico City.
 While her journalism career began in 1960, continuing with regular columns in La Jornada, she is best known for her work in television, hosting two shows called Aquí nos tocó vivir and Conversando, con Cristina Pacheco, both on Once TV since 1980.
 Which these shows, Pacheco interviews notable people and profiles popular Mexican culture, which includes interviews with common people.
 She has received over forty prizes and other recognitions for her work including Mexico’s National Journalism Prize and the first Rosario Castellanos a la Trayectoria Cultural de la Mujer Award for outstanding women in the Spanish-speaking world.
Overload (1979) is a novel by Arthur Hailey, concerning the electricity production industry in California and the activities of the employees and others involved with Golden State Power and Light, a fictional California public service company.
 The plot follows many of the issues of the day, including race relations, corporate politics, business ethics, terrorism and journalism.
 (Hailey would later explore (television) journalism in another novel, "The Evening News".)
