The Paavo Nurmi Marathon is an annual marathon road running race held during summer in Turku, Finland, the birth city of Paavo Nurmi.
 Although various marathons have been held in Turku since 1910, the Paavo Nurmi Marathon was established in 1992.
 It is arranged along with Paavo Nurmi Games, a part of Paavo Nurmi happening week.
 The route goes through Turku city and Ruissalo park.
 The marathon attracts yearly 500 to 1000 participants.
Matthew Wyatt Elrod (born October 2, 1988), better known as Wyatt Nash, is an American television personality and actor.
 Under his birth name, he was a contestant on the of the American competitive reality television series "Survivor".
 Following his appearance on "", he chose to adopt the name Wyatt Nash (his middle name plus Nash for his birth city, Nashville) as his stage name.
 Most recently, Nash has appeared as Nigel Wright on the ABC Family series, "Pretty Little Liars", and the Lifetime television adaptation of V. C. Andrews's "Petals on the Wind", portraying the character of Christopher.
The birth control movement in the United States was a social reform campaign from 1914 to around 1945 that aimed to increase the availability of contraception in the U.S. through education and legalization.
 The movement began in 1914 when a group of political radicals in New York City, led by Emma Goldman, Mary Dennett, and Margaret Sanger, became concerned about the hardships that childbirth and self-induced abortions brought to low-income women.
 Sanger, in particular, simultaneously sought to connect birth control to the organized eugenics movement, regularly appealing to the authority of eugenic scientists Karl Pearson, Charles Davenport, and others in her "Birth Control Review" from the early 1920s Such figures sought to prevent population segments they deemed genetically 'undesirable' from reproducing.
 While seeking legitimacy for the birth control movement partly through the approval of organized eugenics, Sanger and other activists also worked on the political front.
 Since contraception was considered to be obscene at the time, the activists targeted the Comstock laws, which prohibited distribution of any "obscene, lewd, and/or lascivious" materials through the mail.
 Hoping to provoke a favorable legal decision, Sanger deliberately broke the law by distributing "The Woman Rebel", a newsletter containing a discussion of contraception.
 In 1916, Sanger opened the first birth control clinic in the United States, but the clinic was immediately shut down by police, and Sanger was sentenced to 30 days in jail.
Daniela Scalia (born 9 November 1975 in Verona) is an anchorwoman and sport journalist.
 She also acts in the fictional sports procedural "Sport Crime" which she co-writes with Luca Tramontin.
James Henry Mills (May 2, 1923 – November 11, 1973) was the only Polk County, Florida native to receive the Medal of Honor in World War II.
 He joined the Army from his birth city in September 1943.
 Private Mills earned the Medal of Honor in 1944 for demonstrating "conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty."
 Mills actions allowed his platoon to take its objective without casualties.
"’Alā Khallidī" (Arabic: ألا خلّدي‎ ‎ ) is the former national anthem of Tunisia.
 It was sung during the Presidency of Habib Bourguiba until his downfall in 1987. "
Humat al-Hima" was temporarily used as a national anthem between the end of the monarchy on 25 July 1957 and the adoption of "Ala Khallidi" as the official national anthem.
 In 1958, the Ministry of Education organized a competition, in which 53 poets and 23 musicians took part.
 The results were examined first by a commission of the Board of Education, which selected the submissions of the hymn poet Jalaleddine Naccache (1910–1989) and the composer and director of the Conservatoire of Tunis Salah El Mahdi (1925-2014).
 The works were presented to the president without announcing the selection that already been made.
 He selected the same version as the commission had.
 In order to be completely sure, another larger popular assembly was held in Monastir, the birth city of the president, and all 23 melodies were played.
 But then, the song by Naccache and El Mahdi won and was formally adopted during Independence Day, 20 March that same year.
Ronny Rosenthal (Hebrew: רוני רוזנטל‎ ‎ ; born October 4, 1963), nicknamed "Rocket Ronny", is an Israeli former footballer.
 After starting his career in his birth city with Maccabi Haifa, Rosenthal went on to play in Belgium with Club Brugge and Standard Liège.
 He moved to Liverpool in 1990 for a fee of £1.1million, becoming the first non-British player to move to an English club for more than £1million.
 After four years at Liverpool, Rosenthal finished his career with Tottenham Hotspur and Watford.
 Between 1983 and 1997 he made 60 appearances for the Israel national football team, scoring 11 goals.
Dayang Jingxuan (; ) was a Zen Buddhist monk during the early Song Dynasty.
 During his life, he was apparently the only living teacher representing Caodong/Sōtō school, and he was the last monk of that tradition to be mentioned in the influential "Transmission of the Lamp", compiled in 1004.
 However, as that work was compiled during his lifetime, it lacked biographical information.
 A biography did not appear until the "Xudeng lu" of 1101.
 He left his birth city to become a monk at Chongxiao Temple in Jinling.
 His teacher there was named Zhitong, but Dayang soon left when he was 19.
 He studied with Yuanjiao Liaoyi for a time, but eventually moved on, finally settling on Liangshan Yuanguan as his teacher.
Marta Abreu de Estévez (13 November 1845 – 2 January 1909) was one of the most influential figures of her time in central Cuba, especially in her birth city and province of Santa Clara.
 For her constant aid to the poor, her donations to the city and the independence war, she won the title of “the great benefactor”.
The Legacy Run is a procedural Sport-Movie produced in Switzerland and Croatia in 2016, featuring sport-cast Daniela Scalia and Luca Tramontin, and Italian Cannes winner Nino Castelnuovo.
