The Comeback Kid is a 1980 American made-for-television romantic comedy sports film starring John Ritter, Susan Dey and Doug McKeon which was broadcast on ABC on April 11, 1980.
Not for Ourselves Alone: The Story of Elizabeth Cady Stanton & Susan B. Anthony is a 1999 documentary by Ken Burns produced for National Public Radio and WETA.
 The documentary explores the movement for women's suffrage in the United States in the 19th century, focusing on leaders Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony.
 It won a Peabody Award in 1999.
 It was released on VHS on November 9, 1999.
Susan B. Landau (March 31, 1952 – May 31, 2017) was an American film producer, television producer, talent manager, and photographer whose credits included "Mr. Destiny" in 1990, "Cool Runnings" in 1993, "An Ideal Husband" in 1999, and the 2000 television film, "Mary and Rhoda".
Turbo is a 2013 American 3D computer-animated comedy sports film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 It is based on an original idea by David Soren, who also directed the film in his feature debut.
 Set in Los Angeles, the film features an ordinary garden snail whose dream of becoming the world's fastest snail comes true.
 The film was released on July 17, 2013.
 The film stars the voices of Ryan Reynolds, Paul Giamatti, Michael Peña, Snoop Dogg, Maya Rudolph, Michelle Rodriguez and Samuel L. Jackson.
Aces of the Turf (French: Les as du turf) is a 1932 French comedy sports film directed by Serge de Poligny and starring Paul Pauley, Alexandre Dréan and Josyane.
 It was made at Joinville Studios by the French subsidiary of Paramount Pictures.
 In 1935 it was released in the United States with the alternative title of Racetrack Winners.
Excuse My Glove is a 1936 British, black-and-white comedy sports film directed by Redd Davis starring Ronald Shiner as Perky Pat, and Bobbie Comber as Bivex.
 It was produced by Alexander Film Productions.
Cool Runnings is a 1993 American comedy sports film directed by Jon Turteltaub and starring Leon, Doug E. Doug, Rawle D. Lewis, Malik Yoba and John Candy.
 The film was released in the United States on October 1, 1993.
 It was Candy's third to last film of his career and the last of his films to be released during his lifetime.
 It is loosely based on the true story of the Jamaica national bobsleigh team's debut in competition during the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
 The film received positive reviews, and the film's soundtrack also became popular with Jimmy Cliff's cover of "I Can See Clearly Now" reaching the top 40 as a single in nations such as Canada, France, and the UK.
Ann Dexter Gordon is a research professor in the department of history at Rutgers University and editor of the papers of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony, a survey of more than 14,000 papers relating to the pair of 19th century women's rights activists.
 She is also the editor of the multi-volume work, "Selected Papers of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony", and has authored a number of other books about the history of the women's suffrage movement.
 She worked with popular historian Ken Burns on his 1999 book and appears in his documentary film about Stanton and Anthony.
 Since 2006, Gordon has repeatedly weighed in on the Susan B. Anthony abortion dispute stating that "Anthony spent no time on the politics of abortion.
 It was of no interest to her."
The Galloping Major is a 1951 British comedy sports film, starring Basil Radford, Jimmy Hanley and Janette Scott.
 It also featured Sid James, Charles Hawtrey and Joyce Grenfell in supporting roles.
 It was directed by Henry Cornelius and made at the Riverside Studios in Hammersmith.
 The film's sets were designed by Norman Arnold.
Take a Chance is a 1937 British comedy sports film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Claude Hulbert, Binnie Hale and Henry Kendall.
 It depicts farcical events in the horse racing world.
