Joe Dolan (1939–2007) was an Irish entertainer, recorder and singer of easy listening songs.
Adèle King (born Adèle Condron-King, 4 April 1951) is an Irish entertainer better known as Twink from her time as a member of a group called Maxi, Dick and Twink which was a girl band in Ireland in the late 1960s and 1970s.
 She is the mother of singer Chloë Agnew from the group Celtic Woman.
Maxi (born 23 February 1950) is an Irish radio disc-jockey and producer; actress, journalist and singer.
 She came to fame in Ireland as part of the popular girl group, Maxi, Dick and Twink, in the late 1960s.
TBC (styled as tbc), are a Christian girl band who were launched by Innervation Trust in 2004, as a "flagship" girl band alongside their brother band Thebandwithnoname.
 Innervation Trust is a Christian charity that exists to recruit and resource schools teams, dubbed "Collectives", each dedicated to a major city in the UK.
 Innervation Trust is the product of Mark Pennells and Zarc Porter, a songwriter/producer partnership also credited with writing most of the music for, and co-founding, the World Wide Message Tribe.
 After 7 years of promoting the Collective bands throughout every region of the UK, they were replaced by the primary school project, Pop Connection.
 This has since been replaced by iSingPOP.
 iSingPOP works in primary schools and will spend a week teaching all the children a number of songs (usually 7) as a choir and the next week will perform these songs in their local church or activity hall/centre with an audience.
 They also have a recording day to make their very own album.
Maxi, Dick and Twink were an all-girl singing trio in Ireland in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
 Maxi is Irene McCoubrey (born 23 February 1950), Dick is Barbara Dixon (born 4 April 1952) and Twink is Adele King (born 4 April 1951).
Richie Kavanagh (born 19 March 1949) is an Irish entertainer who writes and performs his own songs.
 Famous for the song "Aon Focal Eile", he now has a number of hits to his name.
 Richie was born and raised in the Raheenwood area of Fenagh, Muine Bheag, County Carlow in Ireland where he still currently resides.
 Despite Psoriasis crippling Richie’s hands at the age of 44, he went on to harness his talents as a singer/songwriter and burst onto the national entertainment scene with the song Aon Focal Eile.
 Tony Keogh in Southeast Radio was the first man to play the CD and when Gerry Ryan began playing it on his morning show, the song became a runaway hit.
Guy Richards Smit (born 1970) is an American performance artist, painter, and singer-songwriter in the band Maxi Geil!
 & PlayColt.
 He has shown at the Museum of Modern Art in New York, and in London, Los Angeles, Madrid, Valencia, Paris, Dublin, and Havana, among other places.
 He is represented by Charlie James Gallery in Los Angeles.
Rebecca E. Chamberlain is a visual artist and vocalist in the New York art band Maxi Geil!
 & Playcolt.
 She has exhibited her work in New York City, Boston, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Jersey City, Amsterdam and Bologna, Italy, and been reviewed in the "New York Times, Artforum, Art in America, Tema Celeste" and "Flash Art."
 She is currently represented by DODGEgallery in New York.
John Joseph Linehan, MBE (born 1952, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish entertainer, most known for his drag queen character May McFettridge.
 Linehan has, in character, been a long-running feature on local radio and television, as well as a regular pantomime dame.
Carol Atemi Oyungu is a Kenyan singer, songwriter and entertainer.
 She made her first mark up by being in girl band Intu until 2007 when they each decided to go solo.
 In 2003, she joined Eric Wainaina, as an assistant vocal harmony provider for his band.
 Oyungu released her first single "Happy" in 2004 and her debut album "Hatimaye" in 2008, and her second studio album "Manzili" in 2013.
