KCND (90.5 FM) is a public radio station licensed to Bismarck.
 It signed on the air in 1981 as Prairie Public Radio, which later became part of the statewide North Dakota Public Radio network, the entirety of which was later renamed Prairie Public Radio.
 It currently broadcasts with an effective radiated power of 50 kW on 90.5 MHz.
The New Jersey Network (NJN) was a network of public television and radio stations serving the U.S. state of New Jersey.
 NJN was a member of the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) for television and the National Public Radio (NPR) for radio, broadcasting their programming as well as producing and broadcasting their own programming, mostly relating to issues in New Jersey.
 With studios in both Trenton and Newark, NJN's television network covered all of New Jersey, plus parts of Pennsylvania, New York, Connecticut and Delaware; the radio network primarily served several areas of New Jersey that were not covered by Philadelphia and New York City public radio stations.
WPPR (88.3) is a public radio station in Demorest, Georgia.
 Originally, WPPR had the call letters WDEM (Radio Demorest), but changed to WPPR on August 19, 1996.
 It is part of the Georgia Public Broadcasting radio network, which in turn is a member of National Public Radio, Public Radio International, and American Public Media.
 Unlike many stations of the GPB network, WPPR does not only broadcast simulcasts from GPB.
 WPPR also produces its own programming about the local area including Habersham County.
 One of the community features, "Community Life in Northeast Georgia," is an educational and informative program about an area that is not well known.
 WPPR's studios are located on the Piedmont College campus in Demorest.
 This allows for Piedmont Mass Communications students to work directly with WPPR as interns.
WAMC is a public radio network headquartered in Albany, New York.
 The network has 12 broadcast radio stations (transmitters) and 16 broadcast relay stations (translators,repeaters).
 One of the stations is an AM station: WAMC (AM) 1400 in Albany.
 The organization's legal name is "WAMC" and it is also known as "WAMC Public Radio" or "WAMC Northeast Public Radio."
AMPERS (Association of Minnesota Public Educational Radio Stations) is a public radio network in Minnesota.
 It is the second-largest public radio organization in the state, after Minnesota Public Radio (MPR).
 Known as Independent Public Radio (IPR) between 2004 and 2012, the network helps member stations coordinate fundraising and allows them to share a certain amount of programming.
 A number of AMPERS' 12 members are college radio stations.
 The network headquarters is located at 525 Park Street, Suite 310, St. Paul, MN.
KMXT is a non-commercial radio station in Kodiak, Alaska, broadcasting on 100.1 FM.
 The station airs public radio programming from the National Public Radio network, Alaska Public Radio Network and the BBC World Service.
 KMXT also airs many hours of locally originated news, talk and music programming, and relies heavily on non-paid citizen volunteers to host numerous shows.
Minnesota Public Radio (MPR), is a public radio network for the state of Minnesota.
 With its three services, News & Information, Classical Music and The Current, MPR operates a 44-station regional radio network in the upper Midwest serving over 9 million people.
 MPR has 127,150 members and more than one million listeners each week, the largest audience of any regional public radio network.
Eric M. Plakun, MD, DLFAPA, FACPsych, is an American board certified psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, researcher and forensic psychiatrist.
 He is the current associate medical director and director of biopsychosocial advocacy at the Austen Riggs Center in Stockbridge, MA.
 Plakun’s primary interests include the value of and evidence base for psychosocial treatments and the diagnosis, treatment, longitudinal course and outcome of patients with borderline personality disorder and treatment resistant disorders.
 Plakun has been widely published and quoted in the media on psychotherapy and psychiatry, including in The New York Times and The Globe and Mail.
 He has appeared in the media to discuss his psychiatric work on WAMC, the Albany, New York affiliate of NPR.
 and on CBS 60 Minutes.
 His psychiatric research has been widely cited.
Steve Robinson (born September 7, 1946) is an American radio manager, producer and executive producer.
 He has held senior management positions with numerous American radio stations, including WFMT and the WFMT Radio Network/Chicago, WBUR/Boston, WGBH/Boston, WCRB/Boston, KPFA/Berkeley, WBGO/Newark, Vermont Public Radio and Nebraska Public Radio Network.ork.
 Robinson served as general manager of the statewide Nebraska Public Radio Network (1990-2000) and WFMT and the WFMT Radio Network from 2000 until October 2016.
WGPB FM 97.7 is a public radio station in Rome, Georgia.
 It is part of the Georgia Public Broadcasting radio network, a state network which in turn is a member of National Public Radio, Public Radio International, and American Public Media.
 Unlike most stations on the GPB network, WGPB does not completely simulcast with the network.
 WGPB also produces its own programs.
 The studios are located at Georgia Highlands College's Heritage Hall campus in downtown Rome, from which locally produced programming originates.
 The station began broadcasting as WGPB at 5 AM on June 30, 2006.
