Chronic active EBV infection (CAEBV) or in its expanded form, chronic active Epstein-Barr virus infection is a very rare and often fatal complication of Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) infection that most often occurs in children or adolescents of Asian or South American lineage, although cases in Hispanics, Europeans and Africans have been reported.
Jonathan Paul Cambry (born 1982) is an American classical pianist, teacher, composer and producer from Chicago, Illinois.
 He has performed at multiple locations around the world, most notably the Chicago Symphony Center as part of the 2012 Chicago Piano Day curated by concert pianist and Grammy-winning Soviet-born naturalized American classical pianist, Emanuel Ax.
 Pianists at this festival included world-renowned pianists Jorge Federico Osorio, Jeremy Denk, Reginald Robinson, Marc-André Hamelin, Orli Shaham, Valentina Lisitsa, Bill Charlap, Renee Rosnes and others.
Martan Mann is an American jazz pianist and educator living in Boulder Creek, California.
 He performs with the Martan Mann Trio, the Martan Mann & Mannkind (contemporary jazz band) and has performed with George Young and Dmitri Matheny.
 A graduate of San Jose State University, San Francisco State University, Hawaii Pacific College, and the University of Hawaii, he is a musical director at Capitola Theater in Capitola, California and is on the board of directors for the Jazz Society of Santa Cruz, California.
 Jazz educational books include "Jazz Improvisation for the Classical Pianist" (1989), "New Age Improvisation for the Classical Pianist" (1994), and "Improvising blues piano" (1997).
 He is also the author of an jazz educational DVD, "Jazz Skills for Piano".
The bronze-winged duck ("Speculanas specularis") also known as the spectacled duck, is a dabbling duck and the sole member of its genus "Speculanas".
 It is often placed in "Anas" with most other dabbling ducks, but its closest relative is either the crested duck or the Brazilian duck, which likewise form monotypic genera.
 Together they belong to a South American lineage which diverged early from the other dabbling ducks and may include the steamer ducks.
Yevgeny Olegovich Sudbin (Russian: Евгений Олегович Судьбин ; born 19 April 1980, Saint Petersburg, Russia) is a Russian concert pianist.
 He studied at the St. Petersburg Conservatory.
 After his family emigrated to Berlin when he was age 10, he won several German piano competitions, and studied at the Hochschule für Musik Hanns Eisler in Berlin.
 He was a pupil of Christopher Elton at the Purcell School and the Royal Academy of Music for nine years.
 His education has also included lessons with Murray Perahia, Claude Frank, Leon Fleisher, Stephen Kovacevich, Dmitri Bashkirov, Fou Ts'ong, Stephen Hough, Alexander Satz, and Maria Curcio.
Norman Krieger is an American pianist and a professor at the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University.
 He is a recipient of numerous prizes, including one from the Paderewski Foundation.
 He studied under the guidance of Esther Lipton in Los Angeles.
 By the age of 15, he obtained a scholarship from the Juilliard School, where he was educated by Adele Marcus.
 He was Alfred Brendel's and Maria Curcio's student in London, and he obtained an artist's diploma from the New England Conservatory.
 By 2011 he became a professor of music at the USC Thornton.
 He has collaborated with such musicians as Sheri Greenawald, Livia Sohn and Jian Wang as well as both Tokyo and Manhattan String Quartets.
 He also was invited to the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and was a frequent participant at the Mostly Mozart Festival.
 He has recorded two Johannes Brahms concertos, which he has also performed with the Arkansas Symphony Orchestra.
Maria Curcio (27 August 1918 or 191930 March 2009) was an Italian classical pianist who became a sought-after teacher.
 Her students included Barry Douglas, Martha Argerich, Radu Lupu, Dame Mitsuko Uchida, Myung-Whun Chung, Leon Fleisher, Rafael Orozco, Christopher Elton and Geoffrey Tozer.
 She was the last student of Artur Schnabel and she passed on his teachings to her own students.
Richard Farrell (30 December 1926 – 27 May 1958) was a New Zealand classical pianist who achieved almost legendary status, but whose flourishing career was terminated in a road accident at the age of 31.
 He has been described as New Zealand's "greatest classical pianist".
Charlie Albright (Korean: 찰리 박 올브라이트 ) is an American-born classical pianist, composer, and improviser.
 He is an official Steinway Artist, 2014 Avery Fisher Career Grant Recipient, 2010 Gilmore Young Artist (2010) and former Young Concert Artist.
 He graduated from Harvard College (B.A.) and the New England Conservatory (M.M.) as the first classical pianist in the schools' five-year BA/MM Joint Program, was named the Leverett House Artist in Residence for 2011–2012, and was one of the 15 Most Interesting Seniors of the Harvard College Class of 2011.
 He graduated from the Juilliard School of Music with his post-graduate Artist Diploma (A.D.) in 2014.
Gerard Willems AM (born Gerardus Maria Willems, 19 August 1946) is an Australian classical pianist and teacher.
 He was the first Australian pianist to record on CD the complete series of 32 piano sonatas by Ludwig van Beethoven.
 He also recorded Beethoven's five piano concertos and the "Diabelli Variations", and is the only pianist to do so using an Australian Stuart & Sons piano.
 This series of recordings constitutes the largest classical music recording project ever undertaken in Australia, and Willems became the best selling classical artist in Australia's recording history.
