Beyond Wonderland is an electronic dance festival organized by Insomniac Events.
 The event has been held in various locations across the west coast including Seattle, San Bernardino, and Mountain View spanning either one or two days.
Together as One was an electronic music festival.
 It was held on New Year's Eve in Los Angeles.
 It was a joint production by promoters Go Ventures and Insomniac Events through 2010, but is now promoted solely by Go Ventures.
 Taking place in downtown Los Angeles, Together As One attracts audiences of over 40,000 dance music enthusiasts each year.
Insomniac Events, founded by Pasquale Rotella, is an American tour promoter focusing primarily on electronic dance music events.
 It organizes a number of major dance music festivals, including its flagship Electric Daisy Carnival, along with other events such as Beyond Wonderland, Nocturnal Wonderland and Escape From Wonderland.
 It jointly organized the Together as One festival with rival promoter Go Ventures prior to 2011.
 Insomniac also organizes the "EDMBiz" conference (an industry event that first took place in 2012 to coincide with EDC Las Vegas, in a similar fashion to the Winter Music Conference and the Ultra Music Festival).
 Insomniac is involved in the operation of three Los Angeles nightclubs—Create (in partnership with SBE, built on the site of the former Vanguard Hollywood), Exchange L.A. and the underground warehouse Factory 93, located at 1756 Naud Street.
 Insomniac also organizes drum and bass and dubstep-oriented events under the brand Bassrush, hardstyle events under the brand Basscon and trance festivals under the brand Dreamstate.
Electric Forest Festival is an eight-day, two-weekend, multi-genre event with a focus on electronic and jam band genres, held in Rothbury, Michigan, at the Double JJ Resort.
 The original event was called Rothbury Festival, debuted in 2008, and focused on jam bands and rock bands.
 The event was not held in 2010.
 Electric Forest, which debuted in 2011, is co-produced by Madison House Presents and Insomniac Events.
 The 2015 event drew an estimated 45,000 attendees.
White Wonderland is an electronic music festival co-organized by Insomniac Events and fellow club promoter Giant.
 The event was first held for New Year's Eve in 2011, following the announcement that Insomniac had pulled out of co-organizing the New Year's Eve festival Together as One due to conflicts with its fellow organizer Go Ventures.
Escape Halloween is an electronic music festival held in Southern California around Halloween.
 It is one of Insomniac Events music festivals running annually since 2011.
 There are Halloween walk-through mazes, themed stages, and costumed performers.
 Genres include EDM, house, dance, electro house, drum and bass, techno, dance-punk, hardstyle, dubstep, trance, and more.
 Previous hosted stages include: Audiotistic, Bassrush, Richie Hawtin's ENTER., and Laidback Luke's Super You & Me.
 The event was originally named Escape from Wonderland, but was later changed to Escape Halloween with changing themes throughout each annual festival.
 Themes for the event are all based around horror and range from things such as Escape from Wonderland (2011) and Escape Psycho Circus (2015).
Federal Triangles Soccer Club, otherwise known as Federal Triangles, the Feds or FTSC, is a coed soccer club founded in 1990 by J. C. Cummings and a group of interested players under the umbrella of the DC Sports Association (the GLBT sports group of the time for the Washington, D.C. area).
 The club runs several tournaments and leagues throughout the year and sponsors multiple men's and women's fall and spring teams.
 FTSC also organizes regular pickup games, multiple tournaments, and other events throughout the year, including the Rehoboth Beach Classic, United Night Out (UNO, D.C. United's Pride night), and a Turkey Bowl & Thanksgiving Potluck.
 FTSC is a member of Team DC and the International Gay and Lesbian Football Association (IGLFA), and has nearly 200 paying member players of its own.
The Sprite Car Club of Australia is a club founded in 1960 for owners and enthusiasts of Austin-Healey Sprites and MG Midget cars.
[1] The club has social events and sporting programs for amateur racers.
Union, University & Schools Club is a private, social club founded in 1857.
 and based in Sydney at 25 Bent Street.
 The Club was formed by a merger between the Union Club and the University & Schools Club in January 2007.
 Members must be nominated and seconded and the annual membership fee is only disclosed to potential members.
 The Club has reciprocal relationships with other like minded clubs around the world, including the Melbourne Club, the Alexandra Club in Melbourne, the Turf Club, the Garrick Club and the Athenaeum Club, London, the Hong Kong Club, the Jonathan Club in Los Angeles and the Metropolitan Club and the Lotos Club in New York.
Todd Mission is a city in Grimes County, Texas, United States.
 It lies on Farm Road 1774, 50 mi northwest of Houston.
 The population was 107 as of the 2010 census, down from 146 at the 2000 census.
 The city is home to the Texas Renaissance Festival and Middlelands Music Festival by Insomniac Events.
