Conestoga was a literary science fiction and fantasy convention held annually in Tulsa, Oklahoma from 1997 through 2010, after which it was suspended for financial and logistical reasons.
 The convention at first was designated by the year in which it was held.
 With its sixth incarnation, Conestoga converted to a whole number count, rolling the first five into the number tally, and running through #14 before stopping.
 Celebrating science fiction and fantasy literature and art were staples of the convention, but many who were also interested in horror, anime, and comics attended.
 Popular activities at the convention included filking (filk singing is a play on folk) and gaming.
 Featured programming included a writers track, an art show, a dealer room, a masquerade, and a play put on by the Penguin Playhouse Troupe.
Corn School is a festival and one of few street fairs still in existence, that takes place in downtown LaGrange, Indiana in the first week of October every year.
 Begun in 1906, it was originally started as a one-day festival for boys in the local corn growing classes to show off their products.
 They were to receive prizes for their corn, and a day was to be designated in their honor.
<ref name="/Corn School">Historic Corn School dates back to 1906 </ref> Notables such as the Governor of Indiana Frank Hanly and the State Secretary of Agriculture were speakers for the event for the first couple of years.
The 2015 CIS Men's University Cup Hockey Tournament (53 Annual) was held March 20–23, 2014.
 It was the first of two consecutive CIS Championships to be held at the Scotiabank Centre in Halifax jointly hosted by the St. Francis Xavier University & Saint Mary's University.
 Each school would be a designated 'host' for one of the events; St. Francis Xavier would be the 2015 host while Saint Mary's would be the host in the second year (2016).
The California State Summer School for the Arts, commonly known as CSSSA ("SEE-SUH"), is a rigorous four-week, pre-professional visual and performing arts training program for high school students held each summer at the California Institute of the Arts.
 The goal of CSSSA is to provide a supportive environment in which students acquire experience and training that extends beyond the practice and improvement of aesthetics and technique.
 Artistic disciplines offered by the program include: animation, creative writing, dance, film and video, music (including vocal arts), theatre arts, and visual arts.
 Its purpose is to provide a training ground for future artists who wish to pursue careers in the arts and entertainment industries in California.
 Admitted students are designated "California Arts Scholars", honored throughout the state’s fifty-eight counties.
 Upon completion of the program, the students are awarded a Governor's Medallion, the highest distinction in California for artistically talented students.
 Founded in 1987, CSSSA is a California State agency funded through a unique public/private partnership.
The Dungeness School is a historical schoolhouse building located at 657 Towne Road in Dungeness, Washington.
 The idea for the school was formed in 1892 by the settlers of the Dungeness area.
 On May 10, 1892 a meeting was held in which settlers created a bond for land and a two story school house.
 The school house opened on February 27, 1893.
 The school originally had 73 students from the ages of 5 to 20.
 The school had one teacher who lived on the second floor of the school.
 Classes were large and books and supplies not easy to get.
 School Board minutes of April 8, 1895, show a motion was passed to buy the school a bottle of ink.
Wilmslow Show is held at Wilmslow High School, Wilmslow, Cheshire, England, as a one-day event on a Sunday – usually the second Sunday in July.
 Sections include Horticulture, Dogs, Classic Cars, etc.
Hawthorn Hall is a former country house in Hall Road, Wilmslow, Cheshire, England.
 It originated in about 1610 as a timber-framed yeoman house for John Chavman of mnc.
 It was improved and encased in brick for John Leigh in 1698.
 Its use changed in the 19th century, and in 1835 it opened as a homeless shelter school.
 The building has since been used as offices.
 It is constructed in plum-coloured brick, with a Kerridge stone-slate roof, a stone ridge, and three brick chimneys.
 Parts of the timber-framing can still be seen in the roof gables, and in an internal wall.
 The plan consists of a long rectangle.
 The house is in 2½ storeys, and has a near-symmetrical north front.
 There are four gables with bargeboards and mace finials. Each gable contains a pair of wooden mullioned and transomed windows.
 In the centre is a doorway, flanked by plain pilasters, and surmounted by a segmental hood framing a cartouche containing the date 1698.
 At the top of the hall, above the door, is a small balustrade, behind which is a half-glazed lantern with a cupola and a weathervane.
 The south front is similar to the north front, although the door is not central.
 This door is flanked by fluted pilasters, and surmounted by a plaque with a lion rampant.
 The east front has two gables.
 The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner comments that the house is "good to look at, though conservative for its date".
 The house, together with parts of the garden walls, is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Wilmslow High School is a mixed-sex 11–18 comprehensive secondary school in Wilmslow, Cheshire, and a designated Centre of Excellence.
 The school began in 1960 as a grammar school and gradually became a comprehensive school, becoming Wilmslow High School in 1991.
 Dr. James Pullé is the head teacher.
 The school is designated "good" by Ofsted.
<ref name="11/13 Ofsted Report">Ofsted report</ref>
Spartan Municipal Stadium, formerly known as Universal Stadium, is a stadium in Portsmouth, Ohio.
 It hosted the National Football League's Portsmouth Spartans from 1930 to 1933, as well as local high school teams.
 The stadium held 8,200 people at its peak and was built in 1930.
 In 1970, it was renamed Spartan Municipal Stadium.
 On October 5, 2003, the stadium was designated as a state historical site.
 The stadium is owned by the City of Portsmouth.
 After a fire in the 1990s, the city replaced walls and the press box.
 Also, the city upgraded the lighting thanks to a USDA grant.
 Several years ago, the city began limiting stadium use to only regular football games to help preserve the sod.
 In the past, both Portsmouth and Notre Dame High School football teams have played on the turf.
 The city wanted to sell the stadium to the Portsmouth City School District for one dollar, but the district turned down the offer as they received $10 million from a local foundation to construct their own athletic complex next to the new city school complex.
Pownall Hall is a former country house in Wilmslow, Cheshire, England.
 It was remodelled in 1830 as "a red sandstone Georgian house dressed up in the Tudor style".
 In 1886 it was bought by the Manchester brewer Henry Boddington, who transformed it "into a showcase for the most up-to-date work of the Arts and Crafts Movement".
 The architect was William Ball of the Ball and Elce partnership of Manchester.
 Much of the decoration and furniture design was carried out by members of the Century Guild, an organisation founded in 1882 by A. H. Mackmurdo.
 In addition "lots of pretty, small-scale bits of decoration" were added to the façade.
 The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
 As of 2011 the building is in use as a school.
