Armageddon is a Swedish melodic death metal band, led by Christopher Amott of Arch Enemy.
Stigmata is the second album by Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy.
 The album was Arch Enemy's first to see worldwide release, in Europe and North America on Century Media Records, and in Japan again on Toy's Factory records.
 "Stigmata" features session drummer Peter Wildoer, who had also appeared in Christopher Amott's solo project Armageddon on the 1997 album "Crossing the Rubicon", shortly before the recording of the album.
 The album was reissued on May 25, 2009, featuring a new layout, packaging, and bonus tracks.
 Stigmata not only contains a title track, but a track named after their previous album as well.
 The Sri Lankan metal band Stigmata named themselves after this album.
Crossing the Rubicon was an album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Armageddon, released in Europe on the now defunct W.A.R. records, and in Japan on Toy's Factory records in 1997.
 The album features Christopher Amott of Arch Enemy, as well as former Arch Enemy members Peter Wildoer and Martin Bengtsson.
 The album was only released in Japan, briefly in Europe, and is extremely hard to find.
Doomsday Machine is the sixth studio album by Swedish death metal band Arch Enemy, produced by Rickard Bengtsson and mixed by Andy Sneap.
 It is the third album to feature the vocals of Angela Gossow.
 The album had some commercial success reaching number 87 on the "Billboard" 200 selling 12,000 copies.
 Christopher Amott left the band shortly after recording the album in July 2005 but rejoined 2 years later for the songwriting sessions for "Rise of the Tyrant".
King Kobra III, released in 1988 on New Renaissance Records, was the first and last album by the Edwards, Michael-Phillips, Northrup, Hart and Appice line-up of King Kobra.
 After the demise of the original line-up, remaining members Carmine Appice and David Michael-Phillips teamed up with Johnny Edwards, Jeff Northrup and Larry Hart, all 3 members of the Sacramento, CA band Northrup at the time.
Christopher Amott (born 23 November 1977) is a Swedish guitarist and vocalist, younger brother of Michael Amott and founding member of the Swedish metal bands Arch Enemy and Armageddon.
Michael Amott (born 28 July 1969) is a Swedish guitarist, songwriter, founding member of the bands Arch Enemy, Spiritual Beggars, and Carnage, as well as a former member of the grindcore band Carcass.
 He is the older brother of Christopher Amott.
 Some major influences in his music have been Tony Iommi, Michael Schenker, Uli Jon Roth and Dave Mustaine.
War Eternal is the ninth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy, which was released on June 9, 2014 by Century Media.
 It is the first Arch Enemy album in 13 years since Wages of Sin to feature a new line-up; Alissa White-Gluz took over on vocals after former long-time vocalist Angela Gossow stepped down from vocal duties to be the band's business manager.
 Additionally, ex-Arsis guitarist Nick Cordle replaced Christopher Amott in 2012.
 Cordle ultimately left the band just before their European tour and was replaced by former Nevermore Guitarist Jeff Loomis
Anthems of Rebellion is the fifth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy.
 This was the first Arch Enemy album to feature clean vocals.
 The clean vocals were sung by Christopher Amott on "End of the Line" and "Dehumanization".
Martin Bengtsson is a Swedish metal musician.
 He was a key part of the influential Swedish melodic death metal scene.
 He was a member of the melodic death metal band Arch Enemy between 1997 and 1998, and played bass guitar on their second album, Stigmata.
 He was also a member of Arch Enemy guitarist Christopher Amott's side project Armageddon in 1997.
