Bonsallo Avenue is a street in South Los Angeles that consists of two segments about four miles apart.
 The northern segment, located in historic West Adams, Los Angeles near downtown, is home to six Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments.
 The southern segment, near Slauson Avenue, is between Los Angeles' Mt Carmel and Hoover-Gage parks.
The DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Los Angeles Downtown is located in Los Angeles, California, USA.
 Managed by Rim Hospitality Inc., the hotel is located in the Little Tokyo area of downtown Los Angeles at 120 South Los Angeles Street.
Harsh Times is a 2005 American crime film set in South Los Angeles.
 The film stars Christian Bale and Freddy Rodriguez, and was written and directed by David Ayer, who wrote the script for the Academy Award-winning 2001 film "Training Day".
 The film was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Bauer Martinez Entertainment.
 Ayer says that the film's characters are largely based on the people he knew when he lived in South Central.
Street Kings 2: Motor City is a 2011 American crime film starring Ray Liotta and directed by Chris Fisher.
 It is the sequel to the 2008's "Street Kings" starring Keanu Reeves.
 The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on April 19, 2011.
West Athens is a census-designated place (CDP) in Los Angeles County, California, United States.
 The population was 8,729 at the 2010 census, down from 9,101 at the 2000 census.
 It is an Unincorporated community within the 2nd Supervisorial District of Los Angeles County.
 West Athens is served by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, operating out of the South Los Angeles Station.
 The approximate boundaries for West Athens are: 87th Street to the North, Vermont Avenue to the East, El Segundo Boulevard to the South, and approximately Western Avenue to Van Ness Avenue to the West.
 West Athens is predominantly residential, with commercial uses along its main corridors.
 Los Angeles Southwest Community College lies within West Athens.
End of Watch is a 2012 American crime drama film written and directed by David Ayer.
 It stars Jake Gyllenhaal and Michael Peña as Brian Taylor and Miguel Zavala, two Los Angeles Police Department officers who work in South Los Angeles.
 The film focuses on their day-to-day police work, their dealings with a certain group of gang members, their friendship with each other, and their personal relationships.
David Ayer (born January 18, 1968) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.
 He is best known for being the writer of "Training Day" (2001), and the director and writer of "Harsh Times" (2005), "Street Kings" (2008), "End of Watch" (2012), "Sabotage" (2014), "Fury" (2014), and "Suicide Squad" (2016).
Barriox13, B13 in short, is a street gang in South Los Angeles consisting of over 200 members, many of which are inactive.
 It is divided into West Side Barriox13 and East Side Barriox13 gang with all members loyal to the Barriox13 gang.
 It was established in the early 1980s near El Segundo Boulevard and Main St in South Los Angeles, California.
 The Original group of Barriox13 gang members began the gang for self-protection.
 It is a South Side (Sureno) gang loyal to Hispanic prison gangs.
Central Avenue is a major north-south thoroughfare in the central portion of the Los Angeles, California metropolitan area.
 Located just to the west of the Alameda Corridor, it runs from the eastern end of the Los Angeles Civic Center south, ending at Del Amo Boulevard in Carson.
 From north to south, Central Avenue passes through Downtown Los Angeles, South Los Angeles (including Watts, Florence-Graham, and Willowbrook), Compton, and Carson (where it runs through California State University, Dominguez Hills).
South of 8 is a 2016 American crime film written by first time director Tony Olmos and Rosewood Five Productions, based on a string of bank robberies set in the near future.
 It officially premiered September 26, 2016 at the Downtown Los Angeles Film Festival in Los Angeles, California, where it won the jury award for Best Dramatic Screenplay.
 Prior to its premiere, the film won 'Best Trailer' at the San Diego Film Awards and was a finalist for Audience Choice #TrailerChallenge at DTLAFF via Indi.com.
 The film screened again on February 11, 2017 at San Diego Film Week and took home the award for "Best Horror/SciFi/Thriller Feature."
