Abiodun Oyewole (born Charles Davis, February 1948), is a poet, teacher and founding member of the American music and spoken-word group The Last Poets, which developed into what is considered to be the first hip hop group.
 Critic Jason Ankeny wrote, "With their politically charged raps, taut rhythms, and dedication to raising African-American consciousness, the Last Poets almost single-handedly laid the groundwork for the emergence of hip-hop."
Ron Saint Germain (alternate spellings Ron St. Germain, Ron Saint-Germaine and similar) is an American record producer, engineer, and mixer born in post-war Frankfurt, Germany, into a career Air Force family.
 Prior to his career in music production and engineering he was a musician, actor, singer.
 Ron's music business career spans forty five + years.
 He began learning the art of recording at two of America's busiest and best recording studios, Record Plant, NYC and Media Sound Studios, NYC.
 Some of Ron's fellow "colleagues" during those formative years were Tony Bongiovi, Bob Clearmountain, Harvey Goldberg, Mike Barbiero, Joe Gastwirt and Michael Brauer.
 Since going "Independent" as a Producer, Engineer and Mixer in 1977 his work has amassed over 100 + gold and platinum awards, selling well over a quarter billion units, garnering FOR THE ARTISTS, 19 Grammy nominations with 14 wins and numerous American Music and MTV Awards.
 He’s also mixed live and recorded in venues from CBGB’s to the 1980 Winter Olympics, Ronald Regan’s Inauguration Ceremonies and the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
 He has one of the most eclectic discographies in the business working in countless genres of music.
 Among some of the most notable include such Artists as Hendrix, Aretha, Whitney, Diana, Michael, Smokey, Ashford & Simpson, Mick Jagger, U2, Muse, Bad Brains, Living Colour, 311, Tool, Soundgarden, Sonic Youth, Creed, The Cure, Ziggy, Chili Peppers, Foreigner, Kraftwerk, Duran Duran, Nels Cline, Ornette Coleman, McCoy Tyner, Jackie McClean, Ben Golgberg, Kris Davis, Craig Taborn, The Last Poets and numerous others.
 He has much of his music work in film soundtracks, is active in Sound Design and is part of, 'A Moment In Time', a documentary film production company amomentintimefilms.com.
 Ron continues his work traveling where ever it takes him, but does most of his recording and mixing work at his private studio, "Saint’s Place".
In hip hop music, "political hip hop", or "political rap", is a form developed in the 1980s, inspired by 1970s political preachers such as The Last Poets and Gil Scott-Heron.
 Public Enemy were the first political hip hop group to gain commercial success.
 Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five released the first sociopolitical rap song in 1982, named "The Message", which inspired many rappers to address social and political topics.
Umar Bin Hassan (born in 1948) is an African-American poet associated with The Last Poets.
 He sold his younger sister's record player to purchase a bus ticket to New York City, where he joined the Last Poets.
 In the mid-1990s, he recorded a solo album titled "Be-Bop or be Dead" on Bill Laswell's Axiom Records through Island/PolyGram
The Last Poets is the debut spoken word album, released in 1970, by The Last Poets.
"Boyz-n-the-Hood" is the solo debut single by Eazy-E as a part of N.W.A.
 The song was originally on "N.W.A. and the Posse", which started with the phrase: "Cruisin' down the street in my '64".
 Ruthless Records executive Jerry Heller considers the song to be a mix of Gil Scott-Heron, The Last Poets, the Rolling Stones, and the Black Panthers.
 This samples "I'm a Ho" by Whodini and vocal samples from, "Hold It, Now Hit It" by Beastie Boys as well as "Mr. Big Stuff" by Jean Knight and, near the end, the opening of "I'll Take You There" by The Staple Singers.
Holy Terror is the twelfth album by rap/spoken word pioneers The Last Poets released in 1993.
 The album was financed and released by P-Vine Records in Japan and then released by Rykodisc Records in the United States and the United Kingdom later that same year, with a release in 2004 by Innerhythmic.
 The U.S. and UK releases featured one bonus track entitled "Black and Strong (Homesick)".
 The lead figures in the Last Poets at this time were Umar Bin Hassan and Abiodun Oyewole.
 The album was part of the Black Arc Series, launched by producer Bill Laswell in 1992.
The Watts Prophets are a group of musicians and poets from Watts, California, United States.
 Like their contemporaries The Last Poets, the group combined elements of jazz music and spoken-word performance, making the trio one that is often seen as a forerunner of contemporary hip-hop music.
 Formed in 1967, the group comprised Richard Dedeaux, Father Amde Hamilton (born Anthony Hamilton), and Otis O'Solomon (also billed as Otis O'Solomon Smith) (O'Solomon removed the "Smith" from his name in the 1970s).
Political hip hop is a subgenre of hip hop music that was developed in the 1980s as a way of turning rap music into a call for action and a form of social activism.
 Inspired by 1970s political preachers such as The Last Poets and musician Gil Scott-Heron, Public Enemy was the first predominately political hip-hop group.
 It has helped to create a new form of social expression for subordinate groups to speak about their exclusions, injustices and lack of power.
 Political hip-hop is the use of hip hop music to send political messages to inspire action or to convince the listener of a particular worldview.
 There is no all-encompassing political hip-hop ideology; rather, there are multiple perspectives that range anywhere from Marxism to the values of the Five Percent Nation.
Malik & the O.G' s is a spoken-word performance band based in Liverpool.
 Its founder Malik Al Nasir put the band together in 2006 when he first recorded his poetry to music for his debut album "Rhythms of the Diaspora Vol 1 & 2", which was released in on Mentis Records featuring Gil Scott-Heron and The Last Poets′ Jalal Mansur Nuriddin.
 Malik produced the album in 2006 and Malik & the O.G's produced a video with Emmy Award winning Director Mitchell Stuart for the song from the album "Africa", an adaptation of one of the poems of the same name in Malik's book "Ordinary Guy".
