The Hong Kong Museum of History () is a museum which preserves Hong Kong's historical and cultural heritage.
 It is located next to the Hong Kong Science Museum, in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Its headquarters was located at Simferopol.
 The corps was established in 1967 and became the Coastal Defence Forces Command in 2003.
 The Coastal Defence Forces Command was disbanded in 2004.
The Hong Kong Museum of Coastal Defence () is a museum in Hong Kong, located in a former coastal defence fort overlooking the Lei Yue Mun channel, near Shau Kei Wan on Hong Kong Island.
 The fort was built by the British in 1887, intended to defend the eastern approaches to Victoria Harbour.
The Hong Kong Museum of Education (HKME; ) is a museum in Tai Po, New Territories, Hong Kong, China.
 The museum is located in Education University of Hong Kong.
Teddy Lo is a Hong Kong and New York-based LED artist known for his work in the "tech-art" scene.
 He has held exhibitions in the United States, Europe, and Asia.
 Lo studied advertising design at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, where he began exploring the use of light-emitting diodes in art; he relocated to New York City after his graduation in 2001.
 He began his career in the advertising industry, and at the same time pursue art using LED as his medium In 2003, Lo held his first solo art exhibition, Morphology, in New York City.
 He was named in Lighting magazine's "Who's Who of Lighting 2004", for his contribution to the lighting industry.
 Since then, Lo has held solo exhibitions in various locations, including Russell Simmons' Art for Life in NYC, Luminale in Frankfurt, the 2006 National Day Singapore Expo at The Esplanade and Microwave's "A-Glow-Glow" outdoor Media Art Exhibition at Hong Kong Museum of Art, Miaimi Art Basel and Burniningman Festival in Nevada.
 His work is also featured in “Legacy and Creations – Ink Art vs Ink Art and Art vs Art” at Hong Kong Museum of Art, I Light Marina Bay in Singapore and “Transmutation” in New York.
Praed Point Battery was a coastal defence battery at Praed Point, East New Britain, Papua New Guinea during World War II.
 It was built in 1941, by Royal Australian Engineers of Lark Force, together with 'L' Coastal Defence Battery of the Royal Australian Artillery.
 The battery covered St. George's Channel and the approaches to Blanche Bay.
 Due to the topopgraphy of Praed Point, the guns were located at different levels.
 The battery was commanded led by Major James Rowland Purcell Clark, equipped with two 6 inch Mk.
 VII naval guns, formerly from Wallace Battery, and two H.C.D. 90 cm Mk VI searchlights.
 The battery was destroyed on 22 January 1942 during an air raid, with the upper gun being blown off its mount and sliding down the slope knocking out the lower gun emplacement.
 Eleven men were killed in the attack.
Law Uk (; meaning "Law's House") is a former Hakka village house located in Chai Wan, Hong Kong.
 Named after the surname of the family who had previously lived in the house, it was built in the mid-18th century during the Qing Dynasty, about ninety years before the British took possession of Hong Kong Island.
 It was rediscovered in the 1970s and is a declared monument of Hong Kong.
 After being restored, the house was turned into the Law Uk Folk Museum, which serves as a branch of the Hong Kong Museum of History.
 It is the only example of Hakka architecture left in the area.
The Hong Kong Science Museum () is a science-themed museum in Tsim Sha Tsui East, Kowloon, Hong Kong, located next to the Hong Kong Museum of History.
A Kung Ngam () is a village and an area in northeast Shau Kei Wan in the north of Hong Kong Island, in Hong Kong.
 It contains a fish terminal market, several temples and the Hong Kong Museum of Coastal Defence.
The Hong Kong Museum of Art () is the main art museum of Hong Kong.
 It is managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Hong Kong Government.
 A branch museum, the Flagstaff House Museum of Tea Ware, is situated in the Hong Kong Park.
