Stewart David Nozette (born May 20, 1957) is an American planetary scientist, technologist, and consultant who worked for the United States Department of Energy, the United States Department of Defense, DARPA, the United States Naval Research Laboratory, and NASA.
 He is also a convicted felon for attempted espionage and fraud against the United States.
 The FBI arrested him October 19, 2009, charging him with attempted espionage after a sting operation which Nozette's lawyer claims amounted to entrapment.
 At trial, Nozette admitted attempting to sell U.S. classified information to someone he believed was an Israeli Mossad operative, but was in reality an undercover Federal Bureau of Investigation employee.
 He pleaded guilty to one charge of attempted espionage and was sentenced, under the terms of a plea bargain, to thirteen years in prison and is now serving time at the Federal Correctional Institution, Terre Haute.
 The FBI found no evidence that any classified materials were actually released to anyone outside the US Government.
Dodge Correctional Institution, (DCI), is an adult male maximum-security correctional facility operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections Division of Adult Institutions in Waupun, Wisconsin.
 The facility was converted from the Central State Hospital for the Criminally Insane to an adult correctional facility in 1977 at a cost of $2.47 million of general obligation bonds, as authorized by Chapter 29 of the Laws of 1977.
 The first two inmates were transferred from the nearby Waupun Correctional Institution to DCI on May 15, 1978.
 On October 29, 1993, ground was broken for a $45 million expansion which more than doubled the size of the facility.
 On June 17, 1996, the first female was admitted to DCI making it the only reception center for both male and female adult felons committed to the Wisconsin Department of Corrections.
 DCI served as the reception center for both males and females until December 1, 2004, when the female reception center moved to the Taycheedah Correctional Institution.
 DCI also serves as the central medical center for the division, providing both in-patient and out-patient care for male and female inmates.
Kinross Correctional Facility (KCF) is a Michigan prison, located in Kincheloe, which houses adult male prisoners.
 The original facility closed in October 2015, with most of the inmates relocating to the formerly closed Hiawatha Correctional Facility.
 Upon the move, the Kinross Correctional Facility name was transferred to the reopened complex.
The Indianapolis Juvenile Correctional Facility was a minimum, medium, and maximum state juvenile facility of the Indiana Department of Correction.
 It was located on Girls School Road, 8 mi west of downtown Indianapolis.
 The facility currently houses 185 female inmates ranging in age from twelve years to twenty-one years.
 The facility was originally established in 1907 as an all-girls school and was known for most of its history as the Indiana Girls School.
 In 2006, juvenile male offenders were assigned to the facility as well.
 In late 2007 all male offenders were transferred to other state facilities and the Indianapolis Juvenile Correctional Facility reverted to being an all female facility.
 In 2009 the girls were moved to the Madison Juvenile Correctional Facility, and the former IJCF became the current location of the Indiana Women's Prison.
Taconic Correctional Facility is a medium security women's prison in Bedford Hills, New York that is operated by the New York State Department of Corrections.
 It is associated with the Bedford Hills Correctional Facility, a maximum security women's prison.
 In 1901 it opened as the 'New York State Reformatory for Women' between the ages of 15 and 30.
 The then Department of Corrections took over the administration of the reformatory in 1926 and, in 1933 it was merged it with the newly opened 'Bedford Hills Correctional Facility for women'.
 For the next four decades, the reformatory operated as part of Bedford Hills, still the state’s only maximum-security prison for females.
 In 1973, Taconic began operations as an autonomous medium-security prison.
 During 1971 and 1972, Bedford Hills was a correctional facility with separate male and female units.
 In 1973 the male inmates were transferred before the unit closed in June; the unit reopened in December as the Taconic Correctional Facility.
Green Haven Correctional Facility is a maximum security prison in New York.
 The prison is located in the Town of Beekman in Dutchess County.
 The New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision lists the address as Route 216, Stormville, NY 12582.
 This prison housed New York's execution chamber during the time the state briefly had the death penalty (but never used it) in the post-"Furman" era.
 New York's electric chair "Old Sparky" was moved here from Sing Sing Correctional Facility.
 It was originally a federal prison and now houses maximum security inmates.
 Green Haven Correctional Facility also operates a Hot Kosher Food Program; because of this, the prison has a large Jewish population.
 Yale Law School operates the Green Haven Prison Project, a series of seminars among Yale law students and Green Haven inmates on law and policy issues concerning prisons and criminal law.
Green Bay Correctional Institution (GBCI) is an adult male maximum-security correctional facility operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections Division of Adult Institutions in Allouez, Wisconsin.
 The prison is located along the east bank of the Fox River.
 The prison was originally known as the Wisconsin State Reformatory (WSR).
 In 1972, WSR became an adult male, maximum-security prison.
 The name was changed to the Green Bay Correctional Institution (GBCI) on July 1, 1979.
Franklin Correctional Facility is a medium security state prison in Malone, Franklin County, New York, United States, near Bare Hill Correctional Facility and Upstate Correctional Facility, medium and maximum security prisons, respectively.
 It has a capacity for 1730 inmates.
The Nebraska State Penitentiary (NSP) is a state correctional facility for the Nebraska Department of Correctional Services.
 Located in Lincoln, it is the oldest state correctional facility in Nebraska, opening in 1869.
 Until after World War I, it was the only adult correctional facility in the state.
Michigan State Prison or Jackson State Prison, which opened in 1839, was the first prison in Michigan.
 After 150 years, the prison was divided, starting in 1988, into four distinct prisons, still in Jackson: the Parnall Correctional Facility which is a minimum-security prison; the G. Robert Cotton Correctional Facility where prisoners can finish their general education; the Charles Egeler Reception and Guidance Center which is the common point of processing for all male state prisoners sentenced to any Michigan prison; and the Cooper Street Correctional Facility which is the common point for processing of all male state prisoners about to discharge, parole, or enter a community center or the camp program.
