The regulation of genetic engineering varies widely by country.
 Countries such as the United States, Canada, Lebanon and Egypt use "substantial equivalence" as the starting point when assessing safety, while many countries such as those in the European Union, Brazil and China authorize GMO cultivation on a case-by-case basis.
 Many countries allow the import of GM food with authorization, but either do not allow its cultivation (Russia, Norway, Israel) or have provisions for cultivation, but no GM products are yet produced (Japan, South Korea).
 Most countries that do not allow for GMO cultivation do permit research.
Election day refers to the day when general elections are held.
 In many countries, general elections are always held on a Sunday, to enable as many voters as possible to participate, while in other countries elections are always held on a weekday.
 However, some countries, or regions within a country, always make a weekday election day a public holiday, thus satisfying both demands.
 Many countries permit absentee ballots or early ballots to be cast by mail prior to the election, thereby avoiding the problem altogether.
American singer Kelly Clarkson has released seven studio albums, four extended plays, one compilation album, one remix album, and 38 singles (including four as a featured artist).
 In 2002, she won the inaugural season of the television competition "American Idol" and was immediately signed to a 1 million recording deal with RCA Records.
 She made her chart debut in September 2002 with the double A-side single "Before Your Love" / "A Moment Like This", which topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States by achieving the biggest jump to number one.
 Her debut album, "Thankful", was released in April 2003 and debuted atop the "Billboard" 200 chart in the United States and was certified in four countries, including a double-platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Its lead single, "Miss Independent", charted in nine countries, reaching number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Subsequent singles from the album include "Low" and "The Trouble with Love Is".
 In 2004, Clarkson released her second album, "Breakaway", which incorporated aspects of pop rock.
 "Breakaway" debuted at number three on the "Billboard" 200 and subsequently became her most successful studio album to date, being certified sextuple-platinum in the United States and twelve million worldwide.
 Its first four singles, "Breakaway", "Since U Been Gone", "Behind These Hazel Eyes", and "Because of You", became successful hits worldwide, charting at the top-ten in many countries, and with the latter-most topping the charts in the Netherlands and Switzerland.
 Its final single, "Walk Away", became a top-twenty hit in many countries.
The Magnolia Petroleum Company was an early twentieth century petroleum company in Texas founded on April 24, 1911 by the Sealy family of Galveston, as a consolidation of several earlier companies.
 Standard Oil of New York (Socony) exchanged its stock for all of the Magnolia stock (except seven shares for the Directors) in December 1925 though it continued to operate as an affiliate of Socony.
 Socony merged with Vacuum Oil Company in 1931, becoming Socony-Vacuum Oil Company.
 Magnolia Petroleum continued to operate as a subsidiary of Socony-Vacuum.
 In 1959, Magnolia was fully incorporated into the Mobil division of Socony-Vacuum, which later changed its name to Socony Mobil and, ultimately to Mobil Mobil Oil Corporation.
Marine Diesel Oil (MDO) is a type of fuel oil and is a blend of gasoil and heavy fuel oil, with less gasoil than intermediate fuel oil used in the maritime field.
 Marine Diesel Oil is also called "Distillate Marine Diesel".
 MDO is widely used by medium speed and medium/high speed marine diesel engines.
 It is also used in the larger slow speed and medium speed propulsion engine which normally burn residual fuel.
 Those fuels resulting from a catalytic cracking/visbreaking refinery.
 Marine diesel oil has been condemned for its nimiety of sulfur, so many countries and organizations established regulations and laws on MDO use.
 Due to its lower price compared to more refined fuel, MDO is favored particularly by shipping industry.
A personal radio service is any system that allows individual to operate radio transmitters and receivers for personal purposes with minimal or no special license or individual authorization.
 Personal radio services exist around the world and typically use light-weight walkie talkie portable radios.
 The power output, antenna size, and technical characteristics of the equipment are set by regulations in each country.
 Many regions (for example, the European Union) have standardized personal radio service rules to allow travelers from one country to use their equipment in another country.
 Examples of standardized services include PMR446 and FM Citizens Band Radio (CB) in the EU and several other countries/regions.
 26–27 MHz CB radio is the oldest personal radio service and is used in nearly every country worldwide, with many countries and regions copying the United States 40-channel frequency plan.
 In many countries, CB radio is less popular due to the availability of other personal radio services that offer shorter antennas, better protection from noise and interference.
This is a list of oil-producing countries by oil exports based on The World Factbook  and other Sources.
 Many countries also import oil, and some import more oil than they export.
Oilexco Incorporated (TSX: OIL, LON: OIL) was an oil and gas exploration and production company.
 The company's producing properties and exploration activities were located in the United Kingdom Central North Sea, specifically in the Outer Moray Firth and Central Graben areas.
 In June 2007, oil production commenced from the Company’s first operated offshore field developments, the 100% owned Brenda Field and the 70% owned Nicol fields.
 The Company had a wholly owned subsidiary, Oilexco North Sea Limited (ONSL), which is based in Aberdeen, Scotland.
 The company entered administration in early 2009 and ONSL was eventually bought over by independent British oil company Premier Oil in June 2009.
John Dustin Archbold (July 26, 1848 in Leesburg, Ohio – December 6, 1916 in Tarrytown, New York) was an American capitalist and one of the United States' earliest oil refiners.
 His small oil company was bought out by John D Rockefeller's Standard Oil Company.
 Archbold rose rapidly at Standard Oil, handling many of the complex secret negotiations over the years.
 By 1882 he was Rockefeller's closest associate, and typically acted as the company's primary spokesman.
 Rockefeller after 1896 left business matters to Archbold while he pursued his philanthropy; as vice president Archbold effectively ran Standard Oil until his death in 1916.
 Inspired by Rockefeller's policies, Archbold's main goals were stabilization, efficiency, and minimizing waste in refining and distributing petroleum products.
 The company was broken up by the Supreme Court in 1911 into three dozen smaller operations, Archbold became president of the largest one, Standard Oil of New Jersey.
This is a list of countries by oil imports based on The World Factbook  and other sources.
 Many countries also export oil, and some export more oil than they import.
