Khadra Bashir Ali is a Somali politician.
 She belongs to the Leelkase subclan of the Darod.
 She is the former Minister of Education of Somalia, having been appointed to the position on 27 January 2015 by the now former Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke.
 Khadra Bashir Ali was subsequently sacked from her post as Minister of Education by former Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke and replaced with Abdulkadir Abdi Hashi on 24 June 2016.
Krishna Prasad Mathur is an eminent Indian physician and the personal physician to Indira Gandhi, the former prime minister of India.
 He was one of the last few people to meet Indira Gandhi before the former prime minister was assassinated by Beant Singh and Satwant Singh on 31 October 1984
The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) is a centre-right coalition of political parties in India.
 At the time of its formation in 1998, it was led by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and had thirteen constituent parties.
 Its honorary chairman is former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
 Also representing the alliance are L. K. Advani, former Deputy Prime Minister, who is the acting chairman of the Alliance, Narendra Modi, current Prime Minister and Leader of the House in Lok Sabha; and Arun Jaitley, Leader of the House in Rajya Sabha.
 The coalition was in power from 1998 to 2004.
 The alliance returned to power in the 2014 General election with a combined vote share of 38.5%.
 Its leader, Narendra Modi, was sworn in as Prime Minister of India on 26 May 2014.
Naoto Kan (菅 直人 , Kan Naoto , born 10 October 1946) is a Japanese politician, and former Prime Minister of Japan.
 In June 2010, then-Finance Minister Kan was elected as the leader of the Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) and designated Prime Minister by the Diet to succeed Yukio Hatoyama.
 Kan was the first Prime Minister of Japan since the resignation of Junichiro Koizumi in 2006 to serve for more than 1 year, with predecessors Yukio Hatoyama, Tarō Asō, Yasuo Fukuda, and Shinzō Abe either resigning prematurely or losing an election.
 On 26 August 2011, Kan announced his resignation.
 Yoshihiko Noda was formally appointed as Prime Minister on 2 September 2011.
 On 1 August 2012, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced Kan would be one of the members of the UN high-level panel on the post-2015 development agenda.
Meet Market is a 2004 film directed by Charlie Loventhal and starring Alan Tudyk, Krista Allen, Elizabeth Berkley, Laurie Holden and Julian McMahon.
 The movie is a comedy about singles in Los Angeles who attempt to find love in the aisles of a supermarket.
 The film was released directly to DVD on February 12, 2008.
The Karnataka Legislative Assembly election of 1999 took place in October 1999 in 224 constituencies in Karnataka, India.
 The elections were conducted to elect the government in the state of Karnataka for the next five years.
 The Indian National Congress secured a huge majority winning 132 seats.
 The National Democratic Alliance composed of the Bharatiya Janata Party and Janata Dal (United) faction was a distant second winning only 63 seats.
 The Janata Dal (Secular) faction of former prime minister Deve Gowda also bit dust winning only 10 seats.
 The election was held simultaneously with the Lok sabha elections.
 The Janata Dal government collapsed in mid-1999 owing to a split in the Janata Dal.
 The Chief minister J.H.Patel and many other prominent leaders joined the Janata dal (United) faction and along with Ramakrishna Hegde allied with the Bharatiya Janata Party where as the former prime minister Deve gowda and his associates including the deputy chief minister Siddaramaiah joined the Janata dal (secular) faction.
 Owing to the anti incumbency against both the factions of JD, the Congress won handsomely.
 S.M. Krishna of the Congress was sworn in as Chief minister on 11 October 1999.
Han Myeong-sook (born March 24, 1944; Korean: 한명숙 ] ) was the Prime Minister of South Korea from April 2006 to March 2007.
 She is South Korea's first female prime minister (second female prime minister overall if the acting premiership of Chang Sang is included).
 She was from the United New Democratic Party (UNDP) as a member of the Korean National Assembly (representative) for Ilsan-gab, and is a graduate of Ewha Womans University in Seoul with a degree in French literature.
 She resigned as Prime Minister on March 7, 2007 and declared her presidential candidacy.
 But she did not succeed in the nominations.
 In 2008 she ran for parliament, but was not elected.
 However, in January 2012 she was elected leader of the main oppositional Democratic United Party (DUP) before the April legislative elections and became a member of parliament.
 But the liberals did not manage to defeat the ruling Saenuri Party and Han stepped down as party leader in April 2012.
 In August 2015, Han was convicted of receiving illegal donations at the amount of 900 million KRW, and sentence to two years in prison.
 She is ineligible to run for public office for ten years after her prison term.
 She became the first former prime minister of the Republic of Korea to serve a prison time.
Lee Hsien Loong (; Tamil: லீ சியன் லூங்; born 10 February 1952) is a Singaporean politician and the current Prime Minister of Singapore.
 In 2004, Lee became the nation's third prime minister after taking over the leadership of the People's Action Party (PAP) when former prime minister Goh Chok Tong stepped down from the position.
 Lee subsequently led his party to victory in the 2006, 2011 and 2015 general elections.
 He began his current term on 15 January 2016 (following the opening of Singapore's 13th Parliament).
 Lee is the eldest son of Singapore's first Prime Minister, Lee Kuan Yew.
Sanjaya Baru is a political commentator and policy analyst, currently serving as Director for Geo-Economics and Strategy at the International Institute of Strategic Studies.
 Penguin India.
 Retrieved on 14 April 2014.
</ref> Previously he had served as associate editor at "The Economic Times" and "The Times of India", and then chief editor at "Business Standard".
 His father B. P. R. Vithal served as Finance and Planning Secretary during former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's stint as Secretary of Finance.
 Before he became a journalist, he was a member of Communist Party of India (Marxist) when he was a student at University of Hyderabad.
 He became Manmohan Singh's media advisor and chief spokesperson, a role in which he served from May 2004 until August 2008.
 In April 2014, Penguin India published "The Accidental Prime Minister", Baru's tell-all memoir about his time at the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
 In it, Baru alleges that the prime minister was completely subservient to Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who wielded significant influence in the running of the Singh administration, including the PMO itself.
 The book has sparked off a controversy, with the PMO officially denouncing it as "fiction".
 Baru, however, has said that he set out to show an empathetic portrait of the prime minister.
Josip Manolić (] ; born 22 March 1920) is a Croatian politician and former high-ranking official of the State Security Administration (UDBA or UDSA) who was the Prime Minister of Croatia from 24 August 1990 to 17 July 1991.
 Croatia formally declared independence during his term, on 25 June 1991.
 Having taken office as Prime Minister at the age of 70 and having left the office at the age of 71, he is the oldest person to date to have served as Prime Minister of Croatia.
 Manolić is also the oldest currently living former prime minister at the age of and the longest-lived holder of the office.
 Following his brief term as Prime Minister he served as the first Speaker of the Chamber of Counties, the upper house of the Croatian Parliament, from 1993 until 1994.
