Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky (Russian: Алекса́ндр Фёдорович Ке́ренский , ] ; 4 May 1881 – 11 June 1970) was a Russian lawyer and key political figure in the Russian Revolution of 1917.
 After the February Revolution of 1917 he joined the newly formed Russian Provisional Government, first as Minister of Justice, then as Minister of War, and after July 1917 as the government's second Minister-Chairman.
 A leader of the moderate-socialist Trudoviks faction of the Socialist Revolutionary Party, he was also vice-chairman of the powerful Petrograd Soviet.
 On 7 November, his government was overthrown by the Lenin-led Bolsheviks in the October Revolution.
 He spent the remainder of his life in exile, in Paris and New York City, and worked for the Hoover Institution.
Timofey Petrovich Samsonov (Russian: Тимофей Петрович Самсонов ) (9 May 1888 – 28 October 1955) was a Soviet politician and veteran of the Russian Civil War.
 He was a member of the Central Committee elected by the 15th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks),the Central Committee elected by the 16th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) and the Central Committee elected by the 17th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks).
 He was Chief Administrator (1927–1935), head of the Accounting Department (1932–1934).
 He died in Moscow.
Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov (Russian: Лавр Гео́ргиевич Корни́лов , ] ; 18 August 1870 – 13 April 1918) was a military intelligence officer, explorer, and general in the Imperial Russian Army during World War I and the ensuing Russian Civil War.
 He is today best remembered for the Kornilov Affair, an unsuccessful endeavor in August/September 1917 that purported to strengthen Alexander Kerensky's Provisional Government, but which led to Kerensky eventually having Kornilov arrested and charged with attempting a coup d'état, and ultimately undermined the rule of Kerensky; strengthening the claims and power of the soviets, and the Bolshevik party.
The left-wing uprisings against the Bolsheviks were a series of rebellions and uprisings against the Bolsheviks by rival left-wing parties that started soon after the October Revolution, continued through the Russian Civil War, and lasted into the first few years of Soviet rule.
 They were led or supported by left-wing groups such as some factions of the Socialist Revolutionary Party, Left Socialist Revolutionaries, Mensheviks, and anarchists.
 The uprisings started in 1918 and continued during and after the Civil War until around 1924.
 The Bolsheviks increasingly abandoned attempts to invite these groups to join the government and instead suppressed them with force.
The Socialist Revolutionary Party, or Party of Socialists-Revolutionaries (the SRs; Russian: Партия социалистов-революционеров (ПСР), эсеры , "esery") was a major political party in early 20th century Russia and a key player in the Russian Revolution.
 Its general ideology was revolutionary socialism of democratic socialist and agrarian socialist forms.
 After the February Revolution of 1917, it shared power with other liberal and democratic socialist forces within the Russian Provisional Government.
 In November 1917, it won a plurality of the national vote in Russia's first-ever democratic elections (to the Russian Constituent Assembly), but the October Revolution had changed the political landscape and the Bolsheviks disbanded the Constituent Assembly in January 1918.
 The SRs soon split into pro-Bolshevik and anti-Bolshevik factions.
 The anti-Bolshevik faction of this party, known as the Right SRs, which remained loyal to the Provisional Government leader Alexander Kerensky was defeated and destroyed by the Bolsheviks in the course of the Russian Civil War and subsequent persecution.
Kerensky–Krasnov uprising was an attempt by Alexander Kerensky to regain power after the Bolsheviks overthrew his Provisional Government in Petrograd.
Louise Bryant (December 5, 1885 – January 6, 1936) was an American feminist, political activist, and journalist best known for her sympathetic coverage of Russia and the Bolsheviks during the Russian Revolution.
 Bryant, who married writer John Reed, her second husband, in 1916, wrote about Russian leaders such as Katherine Breshkovsky, Maria Spiridonova, Alexander Kerensky, Vladimir Lenin, and Leon Trotsky.
 Her news stories, distributed by Hearst during and after her trips to Petrograd and Moscow, appeared in newspapers across the United States and Canada in the years immediately following World War I.
 A collection of articles from her first trip was published in book form as "Six Red Months in Russia" in 1918.
 During the next year, she defended the revolution in testimony before the Overman Committee, a Senate subcommittee established to investigate Bolshevik influence in the United States.
 Later in 1919, she undertook a nationwide speaking tour to encourage public support of the Bolsheviks and to denounce armed U.S. intervention in Russia.
Communism in Russia began after Tsar Nicholas II lost his power during the February Revolution.
 The Provisional Government was established under Prince Lvov, however, the Bolsheviks refused to accept the government and revolted in October 1917, taking control of Russia.
 Vladmir Lenin, their leader, rose to power and governed between 1917 and 1924.
 The Bolsheviks formed the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, marking the beginning of the Russian Civil War between the revolutionary Reds and the counter-revolutionary Whites.
 In 1922 the Communist Reds were victorious, and formed the Soviet Union.
 Lenin died in 1924, starting a power struggle which ended with Joseph Stalin seizing power.
 He was the leader of the Communist Party until 1953.
 He encouraged political paranoia and conducted the Great Purge to remove opponents of his dominance.
The Russian Civil War (Russian: Гражда́нская война́ в Росси́и , "Grazhdanskaya voyna v Rossiyi" ; November 1917 – October 1922) was a multi-party war in the former Russian Empire immediately after the Russian Revolutions of 1917, as many factions vied to determine Russia's political future.
 The two largest combatant groups were the Red Army, fighting for the Bolshevik form of socialism led by Vladimir Lenin, and the loosely allied forces known as the White Army, which included diverse interests favoring monarchism, capitalism and alternative forms of socialism, each with democratic and antidemocratic variants.
 In addition, rival militant socialists and nonideological Green armies fought against both the Bolsheviks and the Whites.
 Eight foreign nations intervened against the Red Army, notably the Allied Forces and the pro-German armies.
 The Red Army defeated the White Armed Forces of South Russia in Ukraine and the army led by Admiral Aleksandr Kolchak in Siberia in 1919.
 The remains of the White forces commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel were beaten in Crimea and evacuated in late 1920.
 Lesser battles of the war continued on the periphery for two more years, and minor skirmishes with the remnants of the White forces in the Far East continued well into 1923.
 The war ended in 1923 in the sense that Red control of the newly formed Soviet Union was now assured, although armed national resistance in Central Asia was not completely crushed until 1934.
 There were an estimated 7,000,000–12,000,000 casualties during the war, mostly civilians.
 The Russian Civil War has been described by some as the greatest national catastrophe that Europe had yet seen.
The Battle of Romanovka was fought in June 1919 during the Russian Civil War.
 Russian Bolsheviks of Yakov Triapitsyn launched a surprise attack on an American army camp at Romanovka, Siberia near Vladivostok.
 As a result of the engagement, the attacks were repelled.
 Romanovka and the Suchan Valley Campaign that followed were the final major engagements of the Russian Civil War involving the United States.
 Battles would later break out again between the Americans and Bolsheviks, as well as the Cossacks, on much smaller scales.
 Likewise, the Americans were invariably victorious.
