Denise Affonço (born in Phnom Penh, Cambodia) is an author who wrote about her sufferings under the Khmer Rouge in a powerful memoir "To The End Of Hell" ("La Digues Des Veuves") with an introduction by Jon Swain.
 She was born to a Vietamese mother and French father and grew up in the peaceful years before all out war came to Indo-China.
 Her life was torn apart in April 1975 when the Khmer Rouge came to power.
 There followed four hellish years during which her husband was taken away and never seen again and her daughter died of starvation.
Seorak Musan Cho Oh Hyun (Hangul: 조오현) (born in 1932 in Miryang in South Gyeongsang Province of South Korea) has lived in the mountains since he became a novice monk at the age of seven.
 Over the years he has written over a hundred poems, including many in sijo form.
 In 2007 he received the Cheong Chi-yong Literary Award for his book Distant Holy Man.
 He is Josil of Kibon Seonwon (Spiritual Master of Fundamental Seon Mediation Center) of Jogye Order of the Korean Buddhism at Baekdamsa Monastery and famous for his Poetry of Delusion.
 He founded Manhae Foundation and Manhae Prize in Korea.
 He started his Seon Poetry career in 1966.
 Soon in 1977, he became the abbot of Sinheungsa Temple which is the 3rd Diocese of Jogye Order of the Korean Buddhism.
 His Books of Seon Poetry, Ten Ox-Herding was published in 1978, The Seon Anthology of Manak Gathas was published in 2002, A Remote Holy Man was published in 2007.
 Many authors have written on Seorak Musan Cho Oh Hyun.
 He became Josil of Kibon Seonwon (Spiritual Master of Fundamental Seon Mediation Center) of Jogye Order of the Korean Buddhism at Baekdamsa Monastery on 14 March 2014.
 He is renowned not only in South Korea but also in European and Asian countries like Germany, India, Sri Lanka, etc. for his poetry.
 He is also a painter.
 Lee (2011) described the Wisdom of the Social Awakening emerged in the Gathas of Searching the Bulls : centering on Musan Cho Oh-Hyun’s Gathas of Ten Ox Herding.
 He further elaborate that Seorak Musan Cho Oh-Hyun wrote Musan's Ten Ox Herding gathas as the process of his practice through Seon poems.
 He concluded that ox-herding story of Seorak Musan Cho Oh Hyun leads people to peaceful shelter to stop agony and awake the reality of the world truly.
 Ox-herding practice can be an alternative for awakening society.
 Lee (2013) discussed Musan Cho Oh Hyun and Ethics Education.
 He revealed that Musan Cho Oh Hyun’s approach to ethics education is humanistic.
 His teachings import the carriage of leading a life worthy of a human being.
 While embodying the transcendental ethics of Seon Buddhism, Musan teaches that in order to lead a truly human life, it is paramount for all mortals to respect the collective rules of communities.
 In his exposition of the Buddhist ethics, Musan shows a supple understanding that goes beyond Sila and Vinaya, the rules of daily Buddhist lives.
Hell on Earth is the dark paranormal series by Jackie Kessler.
 It focuses on the former succubus Jezebel, now the mortal Jesse Harris, as she tries to avoid her Hellish past and learn how to be truly human.
 Hell, however, wants Jesse back, which is really putting a crimp on her human life.
Alun Munslow (born 1947) is a British historian known for his deconstructionist and postmodernist approach to historiography.
 He is Professor Emeritus of History and Historical Theory at Staffordshire University.
 He is also Visiting Professor at the University of Chichester.
 His argument is that prior to engaging with the past historians need to acknowledge that the past and history do not share the same ontic space.
 He suggests that the past is the time before our perpetual present and history is that range of authored narratives we substitute for it.
 Munslow suggests that the consequences of this argument are substantial and not the least among them being the situation that we can only engage with the aesthetics of historying because we cannot access the ontic nature of the past.
 The way to avoid that situation is to fuse – or as he argues - the historian should not (con)fuse the past with history.
 He accepts that this may seem ironic – and happily it is – the reason being that history is a singularly unprivileged authorial act undertaken in the perpetual present about the ineffable past.
 He is the author of a number of texts on the philosophy of history such as 'Discourse and Culture: The Creation of America, 1870-1920' (1992), 'Deconstructing History' (1997), 'The New History' (2003), 'Narrative and History' (2007), 'The Future of History' (2010), 'A History of History' (2012) and 'Authoring the Past' (2013).
 He was a Founding Co-Editor of the journal 'Rethinking History: The Journal of Theory and Practice'.
"Don't Know Why" is a song written by Jesse Harris which originally appeared on his 1999 album, "Jesse Harris & the Ferdinandos".
 It was the second single by American singer Norah Jones from her debut studio album "Come Away with Me" (2002).
 Jones's version peaked at No. 30 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 and was a critical success, helping establish her as a respected new artist, and subsequently her album sold extremely well.
 The single went on to win three Grammy Awards in 2003 for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.
 It remains Jones's biggest hit single in the United States to date, and her only one to reach the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The single was also a hit internationally and reached top 10 in several countries.
 The song charted at 459 in "Blender" magazine's 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born.
Maafa (or African Holocaust, Holocaust of Enslavement, or Black holocaust as alternatives) are political neologisms (popularized from 1998 onwards) used to describe the history and ongoing effects of atrocities inflicted on African people, particularly when committed by non-Africans, specifically in the context of the history of slavery, including the Arab Slave Trade and Atlantic Slave Trade, and argued as "continued to the present day" through imperialism, colonialism, and other forms of oppression.
 For example, Maulana Karenga (2001) puts slavery in the broader context of the "Maafa", suggesting that its effects exceed mere physical persecution and legal disenfranchisement: the "destruction of human possibility involved redefining African humanity to the world, poisoning past, present and future relations with others who only know us through this stereotyping and thus damaging the truly human relations among peoples."
Jesse Harris (born October 24, 1969) is a Grammy Award-winning American singer-songwriter.
 He has collaborated with several musical artists including Norah Jones, Melody Gardot, Madeleine Peyroux, Nikki Yanofsky, and Lizz Wright.
Joia Jefferson Nuri is a communications strategist and human rights activist from the United States.
 She is an expert in human rights advocacy.
 She is the Director and founder of In The Public Eye Communications.
 She is a consultant and senior adviser for human rights organizations and political activists.
 In the past, she has worked as a Technical Director and Senior Producer for news agencies such as NBC, CBS, NPR, and C-SPAN.
 Her topics of interest include racism, perceptions of minorities, sports and emerging democracies in West Africa.
 Today she is a contributor to political television and radio talk shows and is the author of a video blog on how cultural and historical images shape current politics and policy.
 Her client list includes Harry Belafonte, TransAfrica, the Calvert Foundation, Truly Living Well Center for Natural Urban Agriculture and SNV USA.
 Her company, In The Public Eye Communications, has served as event strategists for two Presidential Inaugural galas (2009 and 2013), Smithsonian Institution fundraisers, embassy celebrations, annual conferences, seminars and press events.
Jessica Baldassarre known as Jessie Baylin is a Nashville-based singer/songwriter born April 4, 1984, in the Gillette section of Long Hill Township, New Jersey.
 Her debut album "You" was produced by Grammy Award winner Jesse Harris.
Form: The form used in On the Pleasure of Hating is a nonfiction essay.
 A nonfiction essay is a short, nonfiction narrative work of prose literature that is analytic, speculative, or interpretive in nature, dealing with or offering opinions or conjectures upon facts and reality, and written from the author’s point of view.
 On the Pleasure of Hating is seen as an essay because it is written to express Hazlitt’s point of view on the lack of sympathy that people have.
 For example, on page 189, Hazlitt proceeds to explain that,“We learn to curb our will and keep our overt actions within the bounds of humanity, long before we can subdue our sentiments and imaginations to the same mild tone.”
Hazlitt gives this example as he is about to kill a spider.
 Hazlitt comes to the realization that the spider has done nothing to harm him.
 Why should he kill the innocent spider if the spider just means to be crawling from one place to another?
 Hazlitt tries to make the reader comprehend that society is the one that has placed pressure on hating things just to avoid us from hating ourselves.
