The 2012 Indian Premier League spot-fixing case was a controversy which arose during the 2012 Indian Premier League and led to the banning of five cricketers.
 It started when a Hindi news channel, India TV, aired a sting operation which accused five players of seeking money in exchange for spot-fixing.
 Bans were imposed on all five, with a life-ban on Deccan Chargers's TP Sudhindra, a five-year ban on Kings XI Punjab's Shalabh Srivastava, and a one-year ban on Pune Warriors India's Mohnish Mishra and Kings XI Punjab's Amit Yadav.
 In addition Abhinav Bali, who was not in contact with any team during the 2012 season, was banned for a year.
 In the sting operation, Bali claimed to have spot-fixed during the 2009 season.
 According to the sting operation, some of the players revealed that they had received more money from the franchises' owners than agreed on in the players' auction; they said that this money was black money.
Operation Bittersweet was a sting operation in the 1980s in which the U.S. Department of Justice caught companies illegally importing sugar from foreign countries in violation of the U.S. Customs Service's 1984 restrictions on the importation of sugar products.
 The sting resulted in 30 companies being implicated and over $16 million USD in fines.
Eastman Kodak v Harold Worden is case of industrial espionage involving the sale of information by Harold Worden, a former Kodak manager, to Kodak's competitors in 1995.
 Worden was caught selling details on the 401 process, a process designed to increase the speed and quality of film during development, during a sting operation conducted by Kodak after two of their competitors, Konica and Agfa-Gevaert, told Kodak that he had approached them selling trade secrets.
 After the sting operation, Worden was sentenced to 15-month prison sentence and a fine of $30,000 for interstate transportation of stolen property.
The Narada sting operation was a sting operation carried out by Mathew Samuel in 2011 for the Indian newsmagazine "Tehelka" and published in Naradanews.com just before the 2016 West Bengal Assembly elections.
 The sting targeted high-ranking officials and politicians of All India Trinamul Congress (AITC).
 As of June 2017, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and a parliamentary ethics committee are probing the case.
 The Trinamool Congress, has claimed that the money was received in way of donations.
Evelyn Dawn Knight (born November 5, 1942) is an English woman known for her involvement in the Abscam sting operation of the 1970s, with her ex-husband Mel Weinberg.
 A character inspired by her was portrayed on film by Amy Adams in "American Hustle" (2013) for which Adams was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
 The story of Abscam was depicted as well in the 1981 book "The Sting Man" by Robert Greene.
It begins by telling the story of Operation Lunar Eclipse, the first successful sting operation to recover a piece of the moon brought back by American astronauts, a sting operation the professor led and went undercover in, while still an agent.
 The sting operation successfully recovered the Honduras Apollo 17 Goodwill Moon Rock that was in the possession of Florida businessman Alan H. Rosen.
 This operation was funded in part with the financial assistance of H. Ross Perot, billionaire and former Presidential candidate.
Aniruddha Bahal (born 1967) is an Indian journalist, author, founder and editor of the online magazine "Cobrapost.com".
 Born in Allahabad, Bahal worked as a journalist and editor for "India Today" and "Outlook".
 In 1999, he along with Tarun Tejpal co-founded "Tehelka", an investigative news website.
 While at Tehelka, Bahal conceived and carried out a sting operation which caught members of Indian Cricket Team accepting bribes to throw matches in camera.
 It resulted in a series of articles on match fixing in Indian Cricket, which were eventually published as a book -" Fallen Heroes".
 Bahal is also known for his part in Operation West End, another sting operation.
 In 2003, he left "Tehelka".
Ismaël Habib (born 1988) is the first Canadian adult to be found guilty following a trial of a new Canadian law that prohibits people from trying to leave Canada to participate in the activities of a terrorist group.
 The Canadian law, section 83.181, was created by the conservative government of Stephen Harper in 2013.
 Habib had gone to Syria in 2013and allegedly had contacts with jihadist groups fighting the Syrian regime of Bashar Assad.
 Upon his return to Quebec, he made several attempts to acquire a false passport.
 He claims this was in an effort to find his wife and two children found in ISIL-controlled territory in Syria.
 But the Canadian authorities claimed it was an effort on his part to join IS (the Islamic State) group.
 In a long-running sting operation starting in 2015, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) implicated him of plans to join ISIL.
 Habib was first detained in February 2016 in Gatineau, Quebec, when he was charged with threatening his girlfriend in a domestic violence case.
 This led the authorities to charge him with the terror-related counts in Montreal.
 In June 2017, He was found guilty of attempting "to leave Canada to commit a terrorist act".
Operation Duryodhana (2005) was the code name of a sting operation, which captured on camera eleven members of Parliament of India accepting money to table questions on the floor of the Parliament.
 This was the first such sting operation in the history of Republic of India, and all the members were expelled from the Parliament.
The Bribery and Special Interest (BRISPEC) sting operation was a sting operation conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation investigating corruption in the California State Legislature from 1986 to 1988.
 The operation was also known as Shrimpscam because FBI agents posed as representatives of a West Sacramento-based shrimp processing company who gave campaign contributions to law makers in exchange for favorable legislation to the front company.
 A couple of the bills were actually passed by both the Assembly and Senate, but were vetoed by Governor George Deukmejian, who was tipped off in advance.
