Robert Patrick Murphy (born 23 May 1976) is an American economist, consultant and author.
 He is an economist with the Institute for Energy Research (IER) specializing in climate change and a research fellow with the Independent Institute, He was a senior fellow in business and economic studies at the Pacific Research Institute, and he is an associated scholar at the Ludwig von Mises Institute.
 In addition to economic subjects, Murphy writes about, and has presented an online video class in, anarcho-capitalism on the Mises Institute website.
 Murphy is also noteworthy, and has been criticized by economists Brad DeLong and Paul Krugman for, repeatedly predicting that the quantitative easing practiced by the Federal Reserve in the late 2000s would create double-digit inflation—predictions that did not come to fruition.
 Murphy is a Christian, and has written articles expressing support for a literal interpretation of the Bible and skepticism of evolutionary theory.
Don Bernard Kates Jr., (January 26, 1941 – November 1, 2016) was an American lawyer and research fellow with The Independent Institute in Oakland, California who focused on promoting gun rights.
 His scholarship and litigation played important parts in the modern renaissance of the Second Amendment.
 Additionally, Kates played a major role in bringing together scholars and opinion leaders.
 Along with Stephen Halbrook, Kates deserved the primary credit for making the Second Amendment scholarship an important topic of modern scholarly interest.
 His books include "Armed: New Perspectives On Gun Control", "Restricting Handguns: The Liberal Skeptics Speak Out", "Firearms and Violence: Issues of Public Policy", and "The Great American Gun Debate: Essays on Firearms and Violence" (with Gary Kleck).
 As a civil liberties lawyer he has been retained by the National Rifle Association to represent gun owners attacking the constitutionality of certain firearms laws.
 The "Washington Post" described Kates as the "Johnnie Cochran" of the pro-gun lobby, noting his polemical attacks on public-health research on firearms injuries and writing that Kates "has muddied the waters of truth so thoroughly that wading into them is a daunting task."
 Kates also wrote extensively on criminological issues related to firearms.
 Among his most influential policy articles is “Guns and Public Health: Epidemic of Violence or Pandemic of Propaganda?”
 which appeared in a symposium issue of the "Tennessee Law Review" in 1994.
 His 1983 article in the "Michigan Law Review" was the first time that a top-10 law journal published a detailed historical analysis of the original meaning of the Second Amendment.
Edward Everett Cox (December 29, 1867 – April 1, 1931) was an American newspaper publisher who started Blackford County's first daily newspaper in Hartford City, Indiana.
 He is "considered one of the most influential forces in journalism" in Blackford County, and was a strong supporter of the Democratic Party.
 Serving as publisher and sometimes as editor of his newspaper, he also spent time as chairman of the eleventh congressional district, county chairman of the Democratic Party, member of the school board, and postmaster.
 His newspapers were a "voice" for the Democratic Party for nearly 40 years.
Ertuğrul Kürkçü (born 5 May 1948) is a Turkish politician, socialist activist and the current Honorary President of the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) as of 22 June 2014.
 He previously served as the co-chair of the HDP between October 2013 and June 2014 with co-chair Sebahat Tuncel.
 Kürkçü and Tuncel also served as co-spokespersons for the Peoples' Democratic Congress between 2011-16.
 Tuncel stepped down on 23 Jan. 2016 and was replaced by Gülistan Koçyiğit.
 Kürkçü was elected in the 2015 June and November general elections consecutively as a Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) Member of Parliament for the Aegean port city of Izmir.
 In the 7 June 2015 elections the HDP entered in the parliament with 80 deputies.
 In the second round of elections on 1 November called by the President upon the parliament's failure in establishing a coalition government in due time, the HDP preserved its place as the third biggest party in the parliament but lost 2,5 percent of votes and 21 seats after a tense election campaign marred by violent attacks against the HDP premises and outdoor activities what caused the lives of at least 150 party members and affiliates.
 Kürkçü represents his party also in the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
 Kürkçü had earlier entered in the TBMM as an independent Member of Parliament for Mersin in the 2011 general election.
The Independent Institute is an American think tank based in Oakland, California.
 Its stated mission is "to boldly advance peaceful, prosperous, and free societies, grounded in a commitment to human worth and dignity."
 Founded in 1986 by David J. Theroux, the Institute focuses on political, social, economic, legal, environmental and foreign policy issues.
 It has more than 140 research fellows.
 The Institute was originally established in San Francisco, was re-located in 1989 to Oakland, and since 2006, has had an office in Washington, D.C.
 The Institute is organized into seven centers addressing a range of issues.
 According to the "2014 Global Go To Think Tank Index Report" (Think Tanks and Civil Societies Program, University of Pennsylvania), the Institute is ranked number 54 (of 60) in the "Top Think Tanks in the United States".
The Social Democratic Party (Romanian: "Partidul Social Democrat" , PSD) is the major social-democratic political party in Romania.
 The largest party in Parliament with initially 63 seats in the Senate and 158 seats in the Chamber of Deputies, it also has the largest number of mayors, local and county councilors and county presidents thus being the biggest and most influential political force in the country.
 PSD traces its origins to the Democratic National Salvation Front, a breakaway group established in 1992 from the post-communist National Salvation Front.
 In 1993 this merged with three other parties to become the Party of Social Democracy in Romania (PDSR).
 The present name was adopted after a merger with the smaller Romanian Social Democratic Party (PSDR) in 2001.
 Since its formation, it has always been one of the two dominant parties of the country.
 The PDSR governed Romania from 1992 to 1996, while the PSDR was a junior coalition partner between 1996 and 2000.
 The merged PSD was the senior party in the coalitions governing from 2000 to 2004, and from March 2014 to November 2015, as well as one of the main coalition partners between December 2008 and October 2009 (with the Democratic Liberal Party) and again between May 2012 and March 2014 (as part of the Social Liberal Union).
 The party left government after Prime Minister Victor Ponta resigned in November 2015.
 The founder of the party, Ion Iliescu, became President of the Republic, in office from the end of Communism in 1989 to 1996, and again from 2000 to 2004.
The American Independent Institute is a nonprofit organization which funds liberal investigative journalism efforts.
 According to the organization, its aim is to support journalism which exposes "the nexus of conservative power in Washington."
 The current institute, started by David Brock in 2014, is a relaunch of the former state-based digital news-gathering network known as the American Independent News Network.
The Socialist Party of Transylvania was a political party in Romania, active primarily in Transylvania.
 Born out of the ethnic Romanian section of the Social Democratic Party of Hungary (MSZDP), it gradually attracted other socialist and social-democratic groups active in the Transleithanian lands of Austro-Hungary incorporated into the Kingdom of Romania after World War I.
 Although initially it claimed, under the title Social Democratic Party of Transylvania and Banat, the adherence of the MSZDP party sections in Banat, the latter, while maintaining close links with the Transylvania party, constituted themselves as a distinct political organization.
 The party also actively sought the cooperation of the socialist parties active in other regions of Romania, working towards a unified political party of the working class.
 Such plans were however soon thwarted by repression from the part of the Romanian authorities, as well as disagreements both inside the party and among the different socialist formations of Romania.
 The disagreements were further aggravated by the request of the Third International that the leaders of the party that had collaborated with the Romanian National Party be excluded from the merger, and eventually resulted in the split between the reformist social-democrats and the revolutionary-minded communists.
 While the former decided to retire from unification talks and re-establish an independent Transyvanian party, the latter joined the majority of Socialist Party of Romania (PSR) to create the Communist Party of Romania in May 1921.
 The social-democratic faction would late join the PSR members that disagreed with the new orientation of their party, founding the Romanian Social Democratic Party in 1927.
David Brock (born November 2, 1962) is an American Neo-Liberal political operative, author, and commentator who founded the media watchdog group Media Matters for America.
 He has been described by "Time" as "one of the most influential operatives in the Democratic Party".
Sutan Bhatoegana Siregar (13 September 1957 – 19 November 2016) was an Indonesian politician of the Democratic Party.
 Sutan was a member of the People's Representative Council Commission VII of the Republic of Indonesia (DPR-RI) for the period 2009-2014 were selected from the 2009 legislative elections from the first North Sumatra constituency (electoral district) that includes Medan, Deli Serdang, Serdang Badagai, and Tebing Tinggi by the Democratic Party.
 Sutan was one of the founders of the Democratic Party, he was recorded as a founder and secretary of the Communication Forum Deklarator (FKPD) Democratic Party, although it is considered the unofficial forum by internal Democratic Party.
