Judy Chicago (born Judith Sylvia Cohen, July 20, 1939) is an American feminist artist, art educator, and writer known for her large collaborative art installation pieces, which examine the role of women in history and culture.
 By the 1970s, Chicago had coined the term "feminist art" and had founded the first feminist art program in the United States.
 Chicago's work incorporates stereotypical women's artistic skills, such as needlework, counterbalanced with stereotypical male skills such as welding and pyrotechnics.
 Chicago's most well known work is "The Dinner Party", which is permanently installed in the Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art at the Brooklyn Museum.
 "The Dinner Party" celebrates the accomplishments of women throughout history and is widely regarded as the first epic feminist artwork.
 Other notable art projects by Chicago include "International Honor Quilt", "The Birth Project", "Powerplay", and "The Holocaust Project".
Keret House is a structure and art installation in Warsaw, Poland.
 It was designed by the architect Jakub Szczęsny through the architecture firm Centrala, and has been described as the narrowest house in the world, measuring 92 cm at its thinnest point and 152 cm at its widest.
 The two-story art installation was named after Israeli writer and filmmaker Etgar Keret, who was the building's first tenant.
 Keret plans to give the house to a colleague after he moves out.
Liquid Shard is a 2016 art installation by Patrick Shearn of Poetic Kinetics.
 The installation was on display in Pershing Square in Los Angeles, California from July 28 through August 11, 2016.
 Shearn came up with the idea after being approached by the Los Angeles Recreation and Parks Department and Now Art LA with the proposal to create an art installation for Pershing Square.
Come Dine with Me is a popular Channel 4 cooking program shown in the United Kingdom.
 It was produced by ITV Studios (formerly known as Granada) until 2013, when Shiver Productions took over.
 First broadcast in January 2005, the show has either four or five amateur chefs competing against each other hosting a dinner party for the other contestants.
 Each competitor then rates the host's performance with the winner winning a £1,000 cash prize which is announced by the competitor who hosted the dinner party on Friday.
 An element of comedy is added to the show through comedian Dave Lamb, who provides a dry and bitingly sarcastic narration.
Walking With Our Sisters is a commemorative art installation of over 1,763 moccasin vamps.
 This art installation was created to remember and honor missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls.
 Each pair of moccasin vamps, also known as tops, represents one missing or murdered Indigenous woman from North America.
Dinner Party Wars is a series that airs on Food Network Canada that is produced by Cineflix.
 Dinner Party Wars is a three-night, high-stakes dining challenge that dares couples to be the best by any means possible.
 From setting the menu and the table, to the cooking, conversation, and all the kitchen crises, hidden cameras capture every detail for viewers.
 The show is narrated by Garnet Williams, while two expert judges, Chef Corbin Tomaszeski and Anthea Turner, watch every move from a distance and determine the winner from the comfort of their curbside studio.
Rocco's Dinner Party is an American reality competition series which premiered on June 15, 2011, on the Bravo cable network.
 Each week, three chefs are challenged to craft the perfect dinner party for celebrity chef Rocco DiSpirito and his guests.
 The contestants are judged on their cooking, service, and décor.
 The winner of each episode wins $20,000 (USD).
Sound installation (related to sound art and sound sculpture) is an intermedia and time based art form.
 It is an expansion of an art installation in the sense that it includes the sound element and therefore the time element.
 The main difference with a sound sculpture is that a sound installation has a three-dimensional space and the axes with which the different sound objects are being organized are not exclusively internal to the work, but also external.
 A work of art is an installation only if it makes a dialog with the surrounding space.
 A sound installation is usually a site-specific but sometimes it can be readapted to other spaces.
 It can be made either in close or open spaces, and context is fundamental to determine how a sound installation will be aesthetically perceived.
This list documents all 999 mythical, historical and notable women who are displayed on the handmade white tiles of the "Heritage Floor" as part of Judy Chicago's "The Dinner Party" art installation (1979).
 The names appear as they are spelled on the floor.
 Since 2007 the installation has been on permanent exhibition in the Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art at the Brooklyn Museum, New York.
Come Dine With Me Canada is a Canadian reality television series, adapted from the British programme "Come Dine With Me", produced by Proper Television.
 The show debuted November 1, 2010 on the W Network.
 The show generally brings five amateur chefs competing against each other hosting a dinner party for the other contestants.
 Each competitor then rates the host's performance with the winner winning a $1,000 cash prize on Fridays which was announced by Friday's dinner party host.
 An element of comedy is added to the show through comedian Jamie Carr, who provides a dry and "Canadian sarcastic" narration.
