U.S. Route 80 (US 80) also known as the Ocean-to-Ocean Highway was a major transcontinental highway which existed in the U.S. state of Arizona from November 11, 1926, to October 6, 1989.
 At its peak, US 80 traveled from the California border in Yuma to the New Mexico state line near Lordsburg.
 Locals often used US 80 to reach the beaches around San Diego during the hot Arizona summers.
 US 80 was a particularly long highway, reaching almost 500 mi long within the state of Arizona alone.
 With the advent of the Interstate Highway System, Interstate 10 and Interstate 8 both replaced US 80 within the state.
 US 80 was removed from Arizona in 1989; the remainder of it now being State Route 80.
The National Pioneer Women's Hall of Fame is a museum located in the former Alice Springs Gaol in Alice Springs, Northern Territory, Australia.
 It aims to recognise the place of women in history, and particularly the role of women in Australia's development.
 It recognises "any woman who is a pioneer in her chosen field from settlement to present day".
National Old Trails Road, also known as the Ocean-to-Ocean Highway, was established in 1912, and became part of the National Auto Trail system in the United States.
 It was 3096 mi long and stretched from Baltimore, Maryland (some old maps indicate New York City was the actual eastern terminus), to California.
 Much of the route follows the old National Road and the Santa Fe Trail.
The William Penn Highway was an auto trail in the United States, generally running from Pittsburgh east to New York City.
 It served as the eastern end of the Pikes Peak Ocean-to-Ocean Highway.
 The William Penn Highway Association of Pennsylvania was organized March 27, 1916 to promote a road parallel to the Pennsylvania Railroad between Pittsburgh and Philadelphia.
 Two branches were included — one from Lemoyne (near Harrisburg) to Washington via Baltimore and one from Reading to New York.
The Pioneer Women's Memorial Garden in Adelaide, Australia, is a tribute to the pioneer women of South Australia.
 The garden was designed by landscape designer Elsie Cornish (1887-1946), and the statue created by Ola Cohn was unveiled by Lady Muriel Barclay-Harvey (the wife of the Governor of South Australia, Sir Malcolm Barclay-Harvey) on 19 April 1941.
Edward Norton Hamilton, Jr. (born February 14, 1947) is an American sculptor living in Louisville, Kentucky, who specializes in public art.
 His most famous work is "The Spirit of Freedom", a memorial to black Civil War veterans, that stands in Washington, DC, in the Shaw neighborhood near Howard University.
 Hamilton has also created monuments dedicated to Booker T. Washington, Joe Louis, York (William Clark's manservant on the Lewis and Clark Expedition), and the slaves who revolted on "La Amistad".
The Ocean To Ocean Bridge is a through truss bridge spanning the Colorado River in Yuma, Arizona.
 Built in 1915, it was the first highway crossing of the lower Colorado and is the earliest example of a through truss bridge in Arizona.
 It is also the only example of a Pennsylvania truss within Arizona.
 Originally the bridge carried the transcontinental Ocean-to-Ocean Highway and later carried its successor, US 80 until a new bridge was built to the west in 1956.
 Between 1988 and 2001, the bridge was closed to vehicular traffic and only traversable by pedestrians and bicyclists.
 After a major restoration, the bridge was rehabilitated and reopened to vehicular traffic in 2002, with a re-dedication by the Quechan nation and Yuma Crossing National Heritage Area.
The Highway of Tears murders is a series of murders and disappearances of mainly aboriginal women along the 720 km (450 mi) section of Highway 16 between Prince George and Prince Rupert, British Columbia, Canada from 1969 until 2011.
 Highway 16 is northern British Columbia's east-west corridor, extending from Jasper in the east to Prince Rupert in the west.
 This route is a section of the Trans-Canada Yellowhead Highway, also known as the "Park-to-Park Highway", which spans across British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba.
 There are numerous municipalities and twenty-three First Nations communities that border the Highway of Tears.
 The region is plagued with poverty and lack of public transportation, forcing its occupants to turn to hitchhiking as a form of transit.
 Police list the number of Highway 16 victims at nineteen, but estimates by aboriginal organizations range into the forties, largely because they include women who disappeared a greater distance from the highway.
Madonna of the Trail is a series of 12 monuments dedicated to the spirit of pioneer women in the United States.
 The monuments were commissioned by the National Society of Daughters of the American Revolution (NSDAR).
 They were installed in each of the 12 states along the National Old Trails Road, which extended from Cumberland, Maryland, to Upland, California.
The National Monument to the U.S. Constitution (also known as the Constitution Bicentennial Monument) is a monument commissioned of Australian artist Brett-Livingstone Strong by Warren E. Burger, Chairman of the Commission on the Bicentennial of the United States Constitution, to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the signing of the United States Constitution.
 One of a pair created by Strong to commemorate historic anniversaries, along with The United States Presidency Monument, it was dedicated by President Ronald Reagan at Independence Hall in Philadelphia on September 17, 1987.
 Both monuments are the property of the Global EventMakers,Inc., a Florida-based company with principal offices in Richmond, Virginia.
 The monument has been transported for display at several public events around the country and was scheduled to begin a twenty-city traveling exhibit as part of the Spirit of Freedom Tour beginning in September 2009.
 Due to poor economic conditions, The Tour never commenced; however the Monuments accompanying original replicas of the United States Constitution and Bill of Rights are being produced for placement in America's schools.
 All rights to the Constitution Monument and the Original Replicas of the Constitution were transferred to The American Constitution Spirit Foundation, a Virginia non-profit, in March 2010.
 The Foundation plans to find a permanent home for the monument during 2013.
