Kevin Brownlow (born 2 June 1938) is a British film historian, television documentary-maker, filmmaker, author, and film editor.
 Brownlow is best known for his work documenting the history of the silent era.
 Brownlow became interested in silent film at the age of eleven.
 This interest grew into a career spent documenting and restoring film.
 He has rescued many silent films and their history.
 His initiative in interviewing many largely forgotten, elderly film pioneers in the 1960s and 1970s preserved a legacy of early mass-entertainment cinema.
 Brownlow received an Academy Honorary Award at the 2nd Annual Governors Awards given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences on 13 November 2010.
 This was the first occasion on which an Academy Honorary Award was given to a film preservationist.
Three Ages is a 1923 black-and-white American feature-length silent comedy film starring comedian Buster Keaton and Wallace Beery.
 The first feature Keaton wrote, directed, produced, and starred in (unlike "The Saphead" (1920), in which he only acted), Keaton structured the film like three inter-cut short films.
 The structure also worked as a satire of D. W. Griffith's 1916 film "Intolerance".
 The film was shot in this manner as a kind of insurance for the studio.
 While Keaton was a proven success in the short film medium, he had yet to prove himself as a feature-length star.
 Had the project flopped, the film would have been broken into three short films, each covering one of the 'Ages.'
The Silent Historian (original title: "Het zwijgen van Loe de Jong [The Silence of Loe de Jong]") is a 2011 Dutch documentary film by Simonka de Jong, shown as part of the January 2012 New York Jewish Film Festival, presented in partnership with Jewish Museum and Film Society of Lincoln Center.
Betrayal was a 1929 drama film produced for Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures.
 The film is the last silent film directed by Lewis Milestone, the last silent performance by Gary Cooper, the last silent performance by Germany's Emil Jannings, and the only onscreen pairing of Cooper and Jannings.
 It is considered a lost film.
The Betrayal — Nerakhoon is a 2008 documentary film directed by Ellen Kuras and Thavisouk Phrasavath.
Day at the Circus is a 1901 American silent film produced and distributed by Edison Manufacturing Company and directed by Edwin S. Porter.
 It depicts a parade of the Great Forepaugh and Sells Bros.
 Combined Circus followed by a horse race in the tent.
 It was one of many early silent film documentaries depicting circuses, which historian Katherine H. Adams said, "The circus' emphasis on movement and quick transition, as well as its lack of dialogue, made it a perfect subject matter for silent film."
The Air Legion is a 1929 aviation silent film about airmail produced and distributed by Film Booking Offices of America(FBO) and was released just as FBO was being turned into RKO Pictures.
 In Canada, the film was distributed by the Alliance Communications Corporation.
 Aviation historian Michael Paris considered the film as "virtually the last silent film" on the topic of airmail flying.
The Price of Betrayal (Swedish: "Judaspengar" ) is a 1915 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
Annette Marie Lloyd (née D'Agostino; born August 8, 1962, Staten Island, New York) is a silent film historian and author of numerous books on silent film and television, particularly on the life and works of actor Harold Lloyd.
Lois Weber (June 13, 1879 – November 13, 1939) was an American silent film actress, screenwriter, producer, and director, who is considered "the most important female director the American film industry has known", and "one of the most important and prolific film directors in the era of silent films".
 Film historian Anthony Slide asserts that: "Along with D.W. Griffith, Weber was the American cinema's first genuine auteur, a filmmaker involved in all aspects of production and one who utilized the motion picture to put across her own ideas and philosophies."
