Lilian Sukis (born 29 June 1939, Kaunas) is a Canadian operatic soprano of Lithuanian birth.
 After earning diplomas from the University of Toronto and McMaster University, she made her professional opera debut in 1964 as Kate Pinkerton in Giacomo Puccini's "Madama Butterfly" with the Canadian Opera Company.
 In 1965 she sang the role of Countess Almaviva in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro" at the Stratford Festival.
 That same year she became a pupil at the Metropolitan Opera Studio and School.
 She made her debut at the Met in 1967 as Helen Niles in the world premiere of Marvin David Levy's "Mourning Becomes Electra".
 In 1969 she became a member of the Bavarian State Opera where she remained for more than 20 years.
 She has also appeared as a guest artist with several major opera houses and opera festivals internationally, including the Bayreuth Festival, the Frankfurt Opera, Graz, the Hamburg State Opera, the Salzburg Festival, and the Vienna State Opera among others.
Settimia Caccini (6 October 1591 – ca. 1638, Italy) was a well-known Italian singer and composer during the 1600s being one of the first women to have a successful career in music.
 Caccini was highly regarded for her artistic and technical work with music.
 Settimia comes from a family of well-known composers and singers, with her father being Giulio Caccini one of the more famed composers of this time known for helping to establish monodic music.
 This type of music opposed traditional music then, by having expressive melodies and evocative chords.
 As well as her father being into music she also had an older sister who was a famous composer of the time.
 Although she is not as well known as her sister, Francesca Caccini, mostly due to the fact Settimia never published any of her own music composed pieces of music.
 Instead she was known much more for her talent as a singer, who sang for nobility across Italy.
 It is thought that she did compose her own music but instead of publishing and releasing it to be performed instead she kept it for herself for her to perform in private.
 One of her pieces eventually did get published once she had passed.
 Coming from a family full of talent her works are not as well known as her sister's compositions but nonetheless she was able to lead herself to her own fame and success.
The Cleveland Thyagaraja Festival is a 12-day festival of South Indian classical music and dance in Cleveland, Ohio, and is held each year around Easter weekend.
 The festival is a celebration in honor of Tyagaraja, the famous composer of Carnatic music, who composed thousands of devotional compositions, most in Telugu language .
 The festival began in 1978, and has since grown to become the largest South Indian classical music and dance festival outside of India.
 The festival draws its audience from all over the United States, as well as from Canada and other parts of the world.
Husanlal Bhagatram were one of the earliest music directors in Bollywood.
 The team consisted of Husanlal (1910–1968) and Bhagatram (1916–1973).
 They were popular composers in the 1940s and 1950s.
 It is said that the concept of a duo of music directors began with them.
 Their family name was Batish; their elder brother Amarnath was also a famous composer of film music in 1940s; Shiv Dayal Batish, yet another contemporary, was also related to them.
 The brothers trained famous music directors Shankar (of Shankar Jaikishan), Laxmikant (of Laxmikant -Pyarelal) Khayyam and the singer, Mahendra Kapoor.
Calcutta School of Music established in 1915 by Phillipe Sandre is one of the premier institutions of India, in the field of Western Classical music and Contemporary classical music.
 It was established in the year 1915 by Phillipé Sandré, a musician of considerable calibre, and a contemporary and friend of the famous composer Saint Saëns.
 It has a wide ranging canvas of musical disciplines covering both Indian and Western music, dance, speech training, elocution, and drama.
 The School is an important element of the city of Kolkata, providing liberal instruction in musical subjects on one hand, and also arranging orchestral, chamber and solo music training and concerts, as well as music appreciation sessions throughout the year.
 Many visiting luminaries of the musical world have visited the School throughout its existence.
 this include maestros Yehudi Menuhin, Isaac Stern and Mstislav Rostropovich.
 The great sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar inaugurated the faculty of Indian Music & Dance during the year 1975.
Ghanam Krishna Iyar (1790–1854) was a composer of Carnatic music and was famous for his "padams".
 "Padams" are expressive songs of three of more stanzas, used generally as an accompaniment to classical dance.
 Krishna Iyar was a student of the famous composer, Pacchimiriam Adiyappa.
 He was also influenced by Tyagaraja and Gopalakrishna Bharathi.
 The title "Ghanam", which associated with music means 'deep' or 'grand', relates to his style of singing.
Pallavi Seshayyer (1842–1909) was a composer of Carnatic music, who followed the traditions of the famous composer Tyagaraja.
 Seshayyar was a singer in the court of the king of Mysore.
 As a singer, he was an expert of the techniques of "Ragam-Thanam-Pallavi", a unique style of singing Carnatic music.
 This expertise gave him his epithet "Pallavi" Seshayyar.
 He could also compose exploiting rare "Ragas".
Cenk Celebioglu is a Turkish-born composer whose orchestral compositions combine electronic and live instruments.
 He aspires to use his music to establish a bridge between east and west.
 He attended Berklee College of Music.
 Famous composer Fahir Atakoglu, whom he admired since his young age, has offered much encouragement to Cenk, as he is now dedicated to continue his professional career in creating his own unique music and orchestration for film, trailer & media
Sigismondo d'India (c. 1582 – before 19 April 1629) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras.
 He was one of the most accomplished contemporaries of Monteverdi, and wrote music in many of the same forms as the more famous composer.
The National Peace Jubilee was a celebration, organized by Patrick Gilmore in Boston on June 15, 1869.
 It featured an orchestra and a chorus, as well as numerous soloists.
 More than 11,000 performers participated, including the famous violinist Ole Bull as the orchestra's concertmaster, and Carl Zerrahn as director of the choral forces.
 The Jubilee became the "high-water mark in the influence of the band in American life".
 Along with the World's Peace Jubilee and International Musical Festival in 1872, it made Gilmore a famous composer and bandmaster.
 For the Jubilee, a newly commissioned "Hymn of Peace" was written by Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, set to the music from "American Hymn" by Matthais Keller.
