Michael Moynihan is an American author and the nephew of Daniel Patrick Moynihan, former Senator (Democrat) from New York.
 He wrote "The Coming American Renaissance", a rebuttal of works by Lester Thurow and others, argued that America possessed a unique set of economic advantages that would propel it to global leadership in the 21st century.
 Moynihan cited technology leadership, in particular, as a driver of economic growth.
 He worked in the Clinton administration as an advisor to Secretaries of the Treasury, Lawrence Summers and Robert Rubin from 1996 to 1999.
 Moynihan was in charge of Internet and electronic commerce policy and was involved with the effort to pass the Internet Tax Freedom Act.
 Moynihan founded the Internet website AlwaysonTV.
The 1982 United States Senate election in New York was held on November 2, 1982.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan won re-election to a second term.
The Negro Family: The Case For National Action (known as the Moynihan Report, 1965) was written by Daniel Patrick Moynihan, an American sociologist serving as Assistant Secretary of Labor under President Lyndon B. Johnson of the United States.
 In 1976, Moynihan was elected to the first of several terms as US senator from New York and continued to support liberal programs to try to end poverty.
 His report focused on the deep roots of black poverty in the United States and controversially concluded that the high rate of families headed by single mothers would greatly hinder progress of blacks toward economic and political equality.
John Westergaard (2 July 1931 – 31 January 2003) was a stock analyst and founder of the Westergaard Fund.
 He also as political advisor to Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan.
The Commission on Protecting and Reducing Government Secrecy, also called the Moynihan Secrecy Commission, after its chairman, U.S. Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, was a bipartisan statutory commission in the United States.
 It was created under Title IX of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (P.L. 103-236 SEC. 900) to conduct "an investigation into all matters in any way related to any legislation, executive order, regulation, practice, or procedure relating to classified information or granting security clearances" and to submit a final report with recommendations.
 The Commission's investigation of government secrecy was the first authorized by statute since the Wright Commission on Government Security issued its report in 1957.
The family structure of African-Americans has long been a matter of national public policy interest.
 A 1965 report by Daniel Patrick Moynihan, known as "The Moynihan Report", examined the link between black poverty and family structure.
 It hypothesized that the destruction of the Black nuclear family structure would hinder further progress toward economic and political equality.
Linda J. Bilmes (born 1960) is the Daniel Patrick Moynihan Senior Lecturer in Public Policy at Harvard University.
 She is a full-time faculty member at the Harvard Kennedy School where she teaches public policy, budgeting and public finance.
Dennis H. Kux (born August 11, 1931 in London, England) is a diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Côte d'Ivoire (1986–89).
 He is the author of "India and the United States: Estranged Democracies 1941-1991" (the book has an introduction by Daniel Moynihan) and "The United States and Pakistan, 1947-2000: Disenchanted Allies".
 He is a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and Council on Foreign Relations.
 Kux served in the US embassy in Karachi in Pakistan from 1957 to 1959, followed by a tour in India.
 He again served in Pakistan from 1969 to 1971.
The Daniel Patrick Moynihan United States Courthouse is a courthouse in Manhattan.
 At 500 Pearl Street in Foley Square in the Civic Center neighborhood of lower Manhattan in New York City, it houses the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
David Luchins (born 1946) is a professor at Touro College and chair of its political science department.
 He is a national vice-president of the Orthodox Union and a national officer of the Jewish Council for Public Affairs (JCPA).
 Luchins is a "much-lauded longtime Orthodox Jewish activist" who is active in Jewish communal life and is a frequent speaker on educational, political and Jewish topics.
 Luchins served as an aide to then-Vice President Hubert Humphrey and for 20 years on the Senate staff of New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan.
