Karan Kapoor (born 18 January 1962) is a former Indian film actor and model of British and Indian descent.
 He is the son of Indian Bollywood International Actor Shashi Kapoor and his India settled (late) British Actress Jennifer Kendal.
 His paternal grandfather was Prithviraj Kapoor and his paternal uncles are Raj Kapoor and Shammi Kapoor.
 His elder brother Kunal Kapoor and sister Sanjana Kapoor have also acted in some films but like him they were not very successful.
 His maternal grandparents, Geoffrey Kendal and Laura Kendal, were actors who toured India and Asia with their theatre group, Shakespeareana, performing Shakespeare and Shaw.
 The Merchant Ivory film, "Shakespeare Wallah", was loosely based on the family, which starred his father and his aunt, actress Felicity Kendal.
 Karan later moved towards photography and decided to be a part of this profession though he worked as an actor too.
Virginia Lilian Emmeline Compton-Mackenzie, CBE ( ; 18 September 1894 – 12 December 1978), known professionally as Fay Compton, was an English actress from a notable lineage of actors; her father was actor/manager Edward Compton; her mother Virginia Bateman was a distinguished member of the profession, as were her elder sister, the actress Viola Compton, and her uncles and aunts.
 Her grandfather was the 19th century theatrical luminary Henry Compton.
 Author Compton Mackenzie was her elder brother.
Prince Henry of Wales {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (Henry Charles Albert David; born 15 September 1984), familiarly known as Prince Harry, is the younger son of Charles, Prince of Wales, and Diana, Princess of Wales.
 At the time of his birth, he was third in line of succession to the British throne, after his father and elder brother, but is currently fifth in line after his father, his elder brother, and his nephew and niece, George and Charlotte.
Kurt Mørkøre (born 20 February 1969) is a former Faroese football midfielder or striker who is currently manager of the Norwegian club Averøykameratene.
 He is the elder brother of fellow Faroese international Allan Mørkøre.
 He is a baker by profession.
Henry Grace (31 January 1833 – 13 November 1895) was an English cricketer active in 1871 who played for Gloucestershire.
 A member of the Grace family and an elder brother of E. M., W. G. and Fred, he was born in Downend, near Bristol, and died in Honiton.
 He appeared in three first-class matches as a righthanded batsman who bowled right arm medium pace with a roundarm action.
 He did not pursue a cricket career like his brothers as he entered the medical profession on a full-time basis.
 He scored four runs with a highest score of 4 and took three wickets with a best analysis of three for 48.
Samuel Manetoali (born January 24, 1969) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands.
 He represents the Gao/Bugotu constituency in Isabel Province.
 He attended Lepi Primary School and then went on to do his secondary education at the prestigious King George Sixth National School in Honiara.
 He attended law school at the University of Papua New Guinea and graduated with an LLB degree and further unspecified qualifications from the University of Tasmania and University of South Australia.
 Prior to entering politics he worked in the country's Public Solicitors Office, then he worked as a private lawyer and a legal adviser to the Isabel Provincial Government.
 He first entered parliament in the 2006 general election and re-elected in the 2010 general election.
.
 He served as the Solomon Islands' Minister of Police, National Security and Correctional Services in Prime Minister Derek Sikua's Cabinet until May 2009, when he was transferred to the position of Minister for Lands, Survey, and Housing.
 Following the 2010 general election, he remained in Cabinet, under new Prime Minister Danny Philip, as Minister for Tourism and Culture.
 In this year's (2014) general election which was held on the 19th November, he was voted in again for the third term with a landslide victory.
 .
 He contested as an independent candidate in last week's election.
.
 As a lawyer, many people had expected more from him seeing that many world leaders including Barack Obama and Tony Abott are lawyers by profession and he appears to be a potential candidate for the prime minister's post given his experience as a politician (3 terms including the current term) and his noble profession.
 His current success in the recent election could be attributed to projects such as mini-fisheries projects that he established in the various villages in his constituency.
 He also helped the villages and communities by giving handouts such as roofing irons, outboard motor engines, fiber boats, solar panels, cash money and other form of support as a way to maintain and broaden his support.
 He also supported local tourism in his constituency by giving financial help to tourism operators such as on Sigana Island,albeit, tourism is still at its infant stage in his constituency.
 His other elixir to maintain his popularity and support is through facilitating and sending Bamboo Bands/groups notably the Hageulu bamboo band overseas for the promotion of tourism and culture for the country and he managed to do that in his capacity as the minister of Tourism and Culture in the Lilo-led government.
 He was also instrumental in establishing the Gao-Bugotu Cultural Festival initially held in Huali Village in Gao and in Sepi/Lepi Villages in Bugotu.
Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany (Frederick Augustus; 16 August 1763 – 5 January 1827) was the second son and child of George III, King of Great Britain and Ireland and Elector of Hanover.
 A soldier by profession, from 1764 to 1803 he was Prince-Bishop of Osnabrück in Germany.
 From the death of his father in 1820 until his own death in 1827 he was the heir presumptive to his elder brother, King George IV, both to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Kingdom of Hanover.
 However, he died before his brother.
Jacqueline Left Hand Bull (formerly Delahunt, born in 1943), member of the Sicangu Lakota of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe, was brought up in her view in a traditional Lakota way by her grandparents and parents.
 She became a member of the Bahá'í Faith in 1981, appointed a Continental Counselor in 1988, and was elected as Chair of the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States in 2007.
 The family history of the name "Left Hand Bull" involves the elder brother of a family who had done the difficult task of hunting a Buffalo from the left side and was known to provide for more than his family in his hunting.
 Years later the younger brother reconnected with the elder and undertook to greatly honor the elder in a ceremony and in return the elder brother traded his name.
 She shares a short stature with this younger brother who was given the name "Left Hand Bull".
Marudur Gopala Chakrapani (13 January 1911 – 17 August 1986), commonly known as M. G. Chakrapani or Ettan ("elder brother" in Malayalam), was an Indian actor based in the Tamil film industry.
 He was the elder brother of actor-politician M. G. Ramachandran.
Tatsuo Kawabata (川端 達夫 , Kawabata Tatsuo , born January 24, 1945) is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan, a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature).
 A native of Ōmihachiman, Shiga, he attended Kyoto University and received a master's degree from it.
 He was elected for the first time in 1986.
 His elder brother is former mayor of Omihachiman Gohei Kawabata.
 In September 2011 he was appointed as Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications in the cabinet of newly appointed prime minister Yoshihiko Noda.
 He was relieved from the post on 1 October 2012.
