The 1926 Tempe State Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Tempe State Teachers College (later renamed Arizona State University) as an independent during the 1926 college football season.
 In their fourth season under head coach Aaron McCreary, the Bulldogs compiled a (4–1–1) record, and outscored their opponents 97-42.
 Tempe State's team captain was Ernest "Bally" Simpkins.
 The Bulldogs finished (3-0-1) at home and (1-1) on the road.
 All home games were played at Normal Field in Tempe, Arizona.
Tempe ( ; "Oidbaḍ" in Pima), also known as Hayden's Ferry during the territorial times of Arizona, is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, with the Census Bureau reporting a 2010 population of 161,719.
 The city is named after the Vale of Tempe in Greece.
 Tempe is located in the East Valley section of metropolitan Phoenix; it is bordered by Phoenix and Guadalupe on the west, Scottsdale on the north, Chandler on the south, and Mesa on the east.
 Tempe is also the location of the main campus of Arizona State University.
Aaron Monroe "Mac" McCreary (September 15, 1892 – ?)
 was an American football, basketball, and baseball player, coach, and college athletics administrator.
 He served as the head football coach at Tempe State Teachers College, known at Arizona State Teachers College by 1929 and now called Arizona State University, compiling a career college football record of 25–17–4.
 McCreary was also the head basketball coach at Tempe/Arizona State Teachers from 1923 to 1930 and at Arizona State Teacher's College of Flagstaff, now Northern Arizona University, amassing a career college basketball record of 140–149.
 In addition, he coached baseball at Tempe/Arizona State Teachers (1924–1926, 1928, 1930–1931) and at Arizona State Teacher's Flagstaff in 1959, tallying a career college baseball mark of 22–56–1.
Arizona State University Tempe campus is the largest of four campuses that compose Arizona State University.
 The campus lies in the heart of Tempe, Arizona, about eight miles (13 km) east of downtown Phoenix.
 The campus is considered urban, and is approximately 642 acre in size.
 ASU's Tempe campus is arranged around broad pedestrian malls and is completely encompassed by an arboretum.
 ASU has an extensive public art collection, considered one of the ten best among university public art collections in the United States.
 Against the northwest edge of campus is the Mill Avenue district (part of downtown Tempe) which has a college atmosphere that attracts many students to its restaurants and bars.
 ASU's Tempe Campus is also home to all of the university's athletic facilities.
The Tempe Union High School District is a school district of high schools in Tempe, Arizona, USA.
 Its service area includes all of Tempe, the city of Chandler, Arizona west of the Loop 101, Guadalupe, the Gila River Indian Community in Maricopa County, and the Ahwatukee area of Phoenix (the same areas served by the Tempe Elementary School District and the Kyrene School District, both of which feed into Tempe Union).
Four Peaks Brewery is an Arizona brewery and restaurant.
 The original and main location is in an old creamery and warehouse on 8th Street in Tempe, Arizona, about 1/2 mile east of the campus of Arizona State University.
 Nearby Scottsdale, Arizona boasts an additional location, and, in response to high demand (nearly 40,000 barrels in 2012 alone), another Tempe brewing site opened in the summer of 2012.
 The Tempe site was selected following a review of 25 potential sites, including the famed Sunkist facility in Mesa, Arizona and numerous warehouses in downtown Phoenix.
The 1922 Tempe Normal Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Tempe Normal School (later renamed Arizona State University) as an independent during the 1922 college football season.
 In their first and only season under head coach Ernest C. Wills, the Owls compiled a (0–3–1) record and were outscored by their opponents 74-31.
 Tempe Normal's team captain was Pete Brown.
 The Bulldogs finished (0-2-1) at home and (0-1) on the road.
 All home games were played at Normal Field in Tempe, Arizona.
Tempe Preparatory Academy is a public charter school in Tempe, a suburb of Phoenix, Arizona in the United States.
 Founded in 1996, Tempe Preparatory Academy (also known as Tempe Prep or TPA) offers a Great Books, core liberal arts curriculum centered on Western tradition, history, language, and literature.
 Its motto is "Verum, Pulchrum, Bonum", meaning "Truth, Beauty, Goodness".
 It is also the founding model for the Great Hearts Academies schools, with which it is otherwise unaffiliated.
 Tempe Prep is an independently-governed public charter school.
 The current headmaster is Dr. Wayne Porter.
 Past headmasters include Dr. Thomas Butler, Mr. Andrew Zwernaman, Dr. Daniel Scoggin, Mr. Ron Bergez, Ms. Julie Boles, Mr. Hugh Hallman, Dr. Torren Baker and Dr. David Baum.
The 1923 Tempe Normal Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Tempe Normal School (later renamed Arizona State University) as an independent during the 1923 college football season.
 In their first season under head coach Aaron McCreary, the Bulldogs compiled a (4–2) record, and outscored their opponents 152-102.
 Tempe Normal's team captain was John Turner.
 The Bulldogs finished (1-1) at home and (3-1) on the road.
 All home games were played at Normal Field in Tempe, Arizona.
 Coach McCreary graduated from Tempe Normal School in 1915 and had thereafter been in charge of athletics at Tucson High School.
The 1925 Tempe State Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Tempe State Teachers College (later renamed Arizona State University) as an independent during the 1925 college football season.
 In their third season under head coach Aaron McCreary, the Bulldogs compiled a (6–2) record, and outscored their opponents 154-59.
 Tempe State's team captain was Ed Ellsworth.
 The Bulldogs finished (2-0) at home and (4-2) on the road.
 All home games were played at Normal Field in Tempe, Arizona.
