Purpose is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer and songwriter Justin Bieber.
 It was released on November 13, 2015 by Def Jam Recordings and School Boy Records.
 It serves as the follow-up to Bieber's third studio album "Believe" (2012), and it was developed after the release of his collection "Journals" (2013), which saw him in a more R&B direction.
 The album was created over a period of two years, in which Bieber struggled to find a musical direction for recording, scrapping each of these tracks many times.
 The album features guest vocals from Travis Scott, Big Sean & Halsey, and production help from Skrillex & Diplo.
 With the help of his personal friend and frequent collaborator Jason Boyd, Bieber started writing and recording with the idea of making an inspirational album that could encourage people through uplifting messages during a period of all his media scrutiny and his involvement in various misdemeanours; as well as his relationship with his former girlfriend Selena Gomez.
"All Around the World" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber, from his third studio album, "Believe" (2012).
 It was written by Bieber, Sir Nolan and Nasri of The Messengers in collaboration with Ludacris, who guest features.
 This was the second collaboration between Bieber and Ludacris, having previously collaborated on "Baby" (2010).
 It was first released on June 4, 2012, as a promotional single from the album.
 The song was released as the fourth international single, and the fifth and final US single on February 26, 2013.
 The Eurodance track features a similar instrumentation to songs by Britney Spears, Chris Brown and Usher.
 Lyrically, it features Bieber singing to his love interest that "all around the world, people want to be loved".
 "All Around the World" received mostly positive reviews from music critics, who welcomed the song's Eurodance style.
 The song had moderate success worldwide, reaching the top ten in several countries, such as Belgium, Canada and Norway.
 Bieber promoted the song through live performances and a music video.
"Love Yourself" is a song recorded by Canadian singer Justin Bieber for his fourth studio album "Purpose" (2015).
 The song was released first as a promotional single on November 8, 2015, and later was released as the album's third single.
 It was written by Ed Sheeran, Benny Blanco and Bieber, and produced by Blanco.
 An acoustic pop song, "Love Yourself" features an electric guitar and a brief flurry of trumpets as its main instrumentation.
 During the song, Bieber uses a husky tone in the lower registers.
 Lyrically, the song is a kiss-off to a narcissistic ex-lover who did the protagonist wrong.
"Sorry" is a song recorded by Canadian singer Justin Bieber for his fourth studio album, "Purpose" (2015).
 Written by Julia Michaels, Justin Tranter, Sonny Moore, Michael Tucker and Bieber; the song was produced by Skrillex and Blood.
 It was released on October 23, 2015, as the second single from the album.
 A dancehall-pop and tropical house song, "Sorry" contains in its instrumentation "brassy horn bleats", warm island rhythms and a dembow riddim beat.
 Lyrically, "Sorry" is a plea for a chance to apologize to a lover, with Bieber asking forgiveness and a second chance to redeem himself.
"Where Are Ü Now" is a song produced by American EDM artists Skrillex and Diplo under their collaborative effort Jack Ü, with vocals from Canadian singer Justin Bieber.
 The song was released as the second single from the duo's debut studio album, "Skrillex and Diplo Present Jack Ü" (2015), on their respective labels OWSLA and Mad Decent, and is also included on Bieber's fourth studio album "Purpose" (2015).
 It was released simultaneously with the album on February 27, 2015, later sent to mainstream radio on April 21, 2015.
"I'll Show You" is a song recorded by Canadian singer Justin Bieber for his fourth studio album "Purpose" (2015).
 Written by Bieber, Josh Gudwin, Sonny Moore, Michael Tucker and Theron Feemster, the song was produced by Skrillex and Blood.
 It was released as a promotional single from the album on November 1, 2015 by Def Jam.
 A mid-tempo EDM ballad, the song includes trap percussion and synthesizer beds as its main instrumentation.
 Bieber's vocals on the track were considered emotional, lower, and calmer.
 Lyrically, "I'll Show You" was considered an autobiographical song about his public image, with lyrics about the pressure of fame and the need for human connection.
"Next to You" is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown, included as a track on his fourth studio album, "F.A.M.E.", released on March 18, 2011.
 The song features Canadian singer Justin Bieber.
 Brown co-wrote the song with its producers, The Messengers, with additional writing from Amber "Sevyn" Streeter of RichGirl.
 Brown first revealed plans to collaborate with Bieber in December 2010, and the track is the first of two tracks they worked together on, the second being a remix of Bieber's "Up."
"Eenie Meenie" is a song by American singer Sean Kingston and Canadian singer Justin Bieber.
 The song was written by Kingston, Bieber, Carlos Battey, Steven Battey, Benny Blanco, Marcos Palacios and Ernest Clark, and was produced by Blanco.
 It was originally released as the first single from Kingston's third studio album "Back 2 Life" on March 23, 2010, but was taken off for unknown reasons.
 However, it is included on Bieber's "My World 2.0".
 The song, a dance-pop number with Kingston's reggae influences and Bieber's R&B vocals, is lyrically about an indecisive lover.
"Company" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber from his fourth studio album "Purpose" (2015).
 Written by Bieber, Poo Bear, James Abrahart, Andreas Schuller, Thomas Troelsen, James Wong and Leroy Clampitt, the song was produced by Axident, Gladius, Big Taste and co-produced by Boyd.
 It was released to American rhythmic contemporary and contemporary hit radio stations on March 8, 2016 as the album's fourth and final single.
 It is an electropop and R&B song, with bass guitar, guitar and percussion in its instrumentation.
 Lyrically, "Company" talks about looking forward to getting to know someone attractive, but also sets some healthy boundaries for doing so.
"What Do You Mean?"
 is a song recorded by Canadian singer Justin Bieber for his fourth studio album "Purpose" (2015).
 The song was released on August 28, 2015, as the album's lead single by Def Jam.
 Written by Bieber, Jason "Poo Bear" Boyd and Mason Levy, the song was produced by MdL and co-produced by Bieber.
 "What Do You Mean?"
 is a pop and tropical house song, with its instrumentation consisting in light flourishes of panpipes, looped vocal samples, piano chords, fervent synths, bass and "slick beat" elements with the sound of a clock ticking, while Bieber uses a smooth, soulful vocal.
 Lyrically, "What Do You Mean?"
 talks about not being able to figure out the opposite sex with Bieber asking a girl why her body language is conflicting with her words.
