Nikolay Ivanovich Pirogov (25 November [O.S. 13 November] 1810 – 5 December [O.S. 23 November] 1881 ) was a prominent Russian scientist, medical doctor, pedagogue, public figure, and corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (1847).
 He is considered to be the founder of field surgery, and was one of the first surgeons in Europe to use ether as an anaesthetic.
 He was the first surgeon to use anaesthesia in a field operation (1847), invented various kinds of surgical operations, and developed his own technique of using plaster casts to treat fractured bones.
 He is one of the most widely recognized Russian physicians.
Podiatrists have molded custom orthotics to address patients foot malformations.
 Over the years they have developed numerous means to create the basis for their molds; plaster casts, foam box impressions, or three-dimensional computer imaging.
 None is very accurate: all produce proper fit under 80% of the time.
Cynthia Plaster Caster (born Cynthia Albritton on May 24, 1947) is an American artist and self-described "recovering groupie" who creates plaster casts of famous persons' breasts and erect penises.
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham (1787 – 13 October 1847) was a British architect who pioneered the study of Medieval Gothic architecture.
 He was a restorer and conservator of existing buildings.
 He set up a Museum of Medieval Art in Waterloo Road, London with a collection of artefacts from demolished buildings and plaster casts of the medieval sculpture.
H. Winnett Orr (March 17, 1877 – October 11, 1956) was an orthopedic surgeon who was born in Pennsylvania, raised and lived the rest of his life in Nebraska.
 More than any other person, Orr was responsible for the invention of plaster casts method for the treatment of broken bones.
Plaster Caster is a 2001 documentary film about Cynthia Plaster Caster, the legendary groupie who became famous for making plaster casts of rock stars' penises, including Jimi Hendrix's.
The Musée Rude is an art museum dedicated to the French sculptor François Rude (1784–1855).
 It has the "Musée de France" label and has been housed since 1947 in a part of the former Église Saint-Étienne of Dijon, built during the 11th century.
 The museum displays life-size plaster casts acquired by the Dijon municipality between 1887 and 1910, which are major works by the artist exhibited in other museums in France (including the Louvre in Paris).
 The museum also displays archaeological crypt of the 11th century and the former St. Stephen's Gate of the Dijon castrum of the 3rd century on which the church is built.
 Open from 9:30 am to 6 pm from 1 June to 30 September, the museum is free.
Mariana Castillo Deball (born 1975 in Mexico City) is an artist who studied in the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Mexico City and the Jan Van Eyck Academie in Maastricht.
 She is currently based in Berlin.
 In 2009, she was awarded the Ars Viva prize, which has been presented by the Kulturkreis der deutschen Wirtschaft im BDI (Association of Arts and Culture of the German Economy at the Federation of German Industries) every year since 1953, and is awarded to young visual artists who live and work in Germany.
 Castillo Deball uses installation, sculpture, photography and drawing to explore the role objects play in our understanding of identity and history.
 Engaging in prolonged periods of research and field work, she takes on the role of the explorer or the archaeologist, compiling found materials in a way that reveals new connections and meanings.
 In Castillo Deball's 2013 work Stelae Storage, Plaster casts copied from monolithic Mayan stone sculptures called stelae are displayed on metal racks similar to those found in a museum's storage area.
 In a similar work, Lost Magic Kingdoms Paolozzi (2013), Castillo Deball culled photographic reproductions from the personal archives of late Scottish artist Eduardo Paolozzi, who mixed pop and ethnographic references.
The Museum of Plaster Casts occupies two rooms in the basement of the new building of the School of Philosophy of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, in Central Macedonia, Greece.
 The museum houses a collection of plaster casts, replicas and original archaeological artifacts.
 The collection dates from the time of the University's founding and is due to K. Romaio, Professor of Classical Archaeology.
Paul Freeman (August 10, 1943 – April 2, 2003) was an American Bigfoot hunter who claimed to have discovered Bigfoot tracks showing dermal ridges.
 The plaster casts Freeman subsequently made were convincing enough to be considered critical pieces of evidence by anthropologists Jeff Meldrum of Idaho State University and Grover Krantz of Washington State University, who put considerable time and resources into studying them.
 Others, like René Dahinden and Bob Titmus thought Freeman was simply a hoaxer seeking attention.
