Triumph of the Will (German: Triumph des Willens ) is a 1935 German propaganda film directed, produced, edited, and co-written by Leni Riefenstahl.
 It chronicles the 1934 Nazi Party Congress in Nuremberg, which was attended by more than 700,000 Nazi supporters.
 The film contains excerpts from speeches given by Nazi leaders at the Congress, including Adolf Hitler, Rudolf Hess and Julius Streicher, interspersed with footage of massed Sturmabteilung (SA) and Schutzstaffel (SS) troops and public reaction.
 Hitler commissioned the film and served as an unofficial executive producer; his name appears in the opening titles.
 The film's overriding theme is the return of Germany as a great power, with Hitler as the leader who will bring glory to the nation.
 Because the film was made after the 1934 Night of the Long Knives (on 30 June) many prominent Sturmabteilung (SA) members are absent—they were murdered in that Party purge, organised and orchestrated by Hitler to replace the SA with the Schutzstaffel (SS) as his main paramilitary force.
Mein Kampf (] , "My Struggle") is a 1925 autobiographical book by Nazi Party leader Adolf Hitler.
 The work describes the process by which Hitler became antisemitic and outlines his political ideology and future plans for Germany.
 Volume 1 of "Mein Kampf" was published in 1925 and Volume 2 in 1926.
 The book was edited by Hitler's deputy Rudolf Hess.
Karlheinz Pintsch (1909 -?)
 was the long serving senior adjutant to Rudolf Hess who was the Deputy Führer to Adolf Hitler in Nazi Germany.
 It fell to him to report Hess's illegal May 1941 flight to Scotland to Hitler and his recollections and notes have been the subject of debate by historians.
Karl Ernst Haushofer (27 August 1869 – 10 March 1946) was a German general, geographer and politician.
 Through his student Rudolf Hess, Haushofer's ideas influenced the development of Adolf Hitler's expansionist strategies, although Haushofer denied direct influence on the Nazi regime.
 Under the Nuremberg Laws, Haushofer's wife and children were categorized as "Mischlinge".
 His son, Albrecht, was issued a German Blood Certificate through the help of Hess.
Gravel Hill tram stop is a light rail stop serving Addington, in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London.
 It is the main destination for tourists visiting the historic site of Addington Palace.
 It is also used by students who attend John Ruskin College and is the nearest stop for Forestdale.
Wolf Rüdiger Hess ("Heß" in German; 18 November 1937 – 24 October 2001) was the son of Rudolf Hess and Ilse Pröhl Hess.
 He was also an outspoken critic of the investigation into his father's death, which he believed was a cover-up.
 He maintained that the British Secret Intelligence Service (SIS) had murdered his father in order to prevent his parole—which he believed to be imminent—because the British government were afraid that his father, if allowed to speak freely, would reveal embarrassing information about British actions during World War II.
 In 2007, however, documents demonstrating British support for Hess' release on humanitarian grounds and their campaign against steadfast Soviet opposition to his release were published.
The Party Chancellery ("Parteikanzlei"), was the name of the head office for the German Nazi Party (NSDAP), designated as such on 12 May 1941.
 The office existed previously as the Staff of the Deputy Führer ("Stab des Stellvertreters des Führers") but was renamed after Rudolf Hess flew to England in an attempt to negotiate a peace agreement without Hitler's authorization.
 Hess was denounced by Hitler, his former office was dissolved, and the new Party Chancellery was formed in its place under Martin Bormann.
The Thule Society ( ; German: "Thule-Gesellschaft" ), originally the "Studiengruppe für germanisches Altertum" ("Study Group for Germanic Antiquity"), was a German occultist and "völkisch" group founded in Munich right after World War I, named after a mythical northern country in Greek legend.
 The Society is notable chiefly as the organization that sponsored the Deutsche Arbeiterpartei (DAP; German Workers' Party), which was later reorganized by Adolf Hitler into the National Socialist German Workers' Party (NSDAP or Nazi Party).
 According to Hitler biographer Ian Kershaw, the organization's "membership list... reads like a Who's Who of early Nazi sympathizers and leading figures in Munich", including Rudolf Hess, Alfred Rosenberg, Hans Frank, Julius Lehmann, Gottfried Feder, Dietrich Eckart, and Karl Harrer.
St Paul's tram stop is a tram stop serving nearby St Paul's Square, Birmingham, England.
 It was opened on 31 May 1999 on the Midland Metro Line 1.
 The stop is a short distance west of Birmingham Snow Hill station, which is visible from the stop.
 Pedestrian access is via Constitution Hill.
"Warsaw" is the opening song by Joy Division on their "An Ideal for Living" EP.
 It was slated for release on the album that became "Warsaw", which was originally scrapped by the band and not released until 1994.
 The song is available on a number of compilations, including "Substance".
 The song appears to be a somewhat fantastical biography of Rudolf Hess, a Nazi and Hitler's Deputy Führer, who flew to Great Britain in 1941 in an attempt to negotiate a peace between Germany and the UK, supposedly because of his disillusionment with Nazi ideology.
