This is a list of football (soccer) players who have played for Perth Glory, a team based in Perth, Western Australia.
 Perth Glory were founded in 1996 as Perth Glory Soccer Club and played from their inception until 2004 in the National Soccer League.
 Since 2005 the Glory have played in the A-League as Perth Glory Football Club.
The East Perth Football Club, nicknamed the Royals, is an Australian rules football club based in Leederville, Western Australia, current playing in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).
 Formed in 1902 as the Union Football Club, the club entered the WAFL in 1906, changing its name to East Perth.
 It won its first premiership in 1919, part of a streak of five consecutive premierships.
 Overall, the club has won 17 premierships, most recently in 2002.
 The club is currently based at Leederville Oval, which it shares with the Subiaco Football Club, having previously played home games at Wellington Square (from 1901 to 1909) and Perth Oval (formerly known as Loton Park) from 1910 to 1999.
 The current coach of East Perth is Luke Webster and the current captains are Kyle Anderson and Patrick McGinnity.
Leederville Oval (known as Medibank Stadium under a naming rights agreement between 2006 and 2016) is an Australian rules football ground located in Leederville, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.
 The ground is currently used as a home ground by two clubs: the East Perth Football Club and the Subiaco Football Club, both competing in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).
 The ground was previously home to the West Perth Football Club from 1915 to 1993, before the club moved to Arena Joondalup, its current home ground.
 The ground is serviced by the Joondalup railway line, with the nearest stop being the Leederville station.
The Victorian Football Club, often referred to as Victorians or Vics, was an Australian rules football club based in Perth, Western Australia.
 Formed in 1885, the club was a founding member of the West Australian Football Association (WAFA), which was established the same year.
 The club merged with the West Australian Football Club at the end of the 1888 season to form the Metropolitan Football Club (now the West Perth Football Club).
Domenick Louis "Don" Marinko (27 August 1907 – 4 May 1967) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Subiaco and West Perth Football Clubs in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL) and the Boulder City Football Club in the Goldfields Football League (GFL).
 Born in the Goldfields region of Western Australia, he was educated at Christian Brothers' College in Perth, and made his senior debut for Subiaco in 1923, at the age of 16.
 The following season, Marinko returned to the Goldfields in order to find work in the mines, and took up playing for the Boulder City Football Club in the Goldfields Football Association (GFA), playing in premierships in 1924 and 1925.
 Returning to Perth, he fell into West Perth's zone, and began playing with the club in 1926.
 Marinko played in premiership sides for West Perth in 1932, 1934, and 1935, and was captain of the club for the latter two seasons.
 At his retirement in 1939, he had played 194 games for the club, and 197 games total in the WAFL, as well as playing thirteen interstate matches for Western Australia.
 Having died in 1967 from a sudden heart attack, Marinko was named in West Perth's Team of the Century in 2000, and inducted into the West Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2011.
The Swan Districts Football Club, nicknamed the Swans, is an Australian rules football club playing in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).
 The club is based at Bassendean Oval, in Bassendean, an eastern suburb of Perth, Western Australia.
 The club was formed in 1932, and joined the then-Western Australian National Football League (WANFL) in 1934, acting as a successor to the Midland Junction Football Club, which had disbanded during World War I, in the Perth Hills region.
The Ugly Men's Voluntary Worker's Association of Western Australia Inc., generally shortened to the Ugly Men's Association or Ugly Men was a uniquely Western Australian fund-raising and charitable organisation established in 1917.
 Previously, a Mrs Alicia Pell had organised an "Uglie Man" competition to raise funds for the Red Cross in Kalgoorlie.
 The East Perth Football Club then built on the concept to raise funds for the Perth Children's Hospital and the War Patriotic Fund.
 The football club's work developed into a successful grassroots organisation with the first branch opening in the Perth suburb of Mount Lawley and focusing on supporting cases of hardship caused by war.
Norwood Oval (currently known as Coopers Stadium due to sponsorship from the Adelaide-based Coopers Brewery) is a suburban oval in the western end of Norwood, an inner eastern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.
 Norwood, Payneham & St Peters Council own the Oval but rent it to the Norwood Football Club.
 It has been used for a variety of sporting and community events including baseball, soccer, rugby league and American football, but its main use is for Australian rules football.
 It is the home ground for the Norwood Football Club ("The Redlegs") in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
The West Australian Football Club, often referred to as West Australians or Wests, was an Australian rules football club based in Perth, Western Australia.
 Formed in 1886, the club was originally not associated with any competition, but entered the senior West Australian Football Association (WAFA) the following season.
 The club finished last in both its seasons in the competition, merging with the Victorian Football Club on 16 April 1889 to form the Metropolitan Football Club (now the West Perth Football Club).
Graham Vivian "Polly" Farmer, MBE (born 10 March 1935) is a retired Australian rules football player and coach.
 Born in Western Australia, he joined the East Perth Football Club as a ruckman in 1953, where he won several awards and contributed to the team winning three premierships.
 He was recruited to the Victorian Football League (VFL) league in 1962 for the Geelong Football Club, where he played 101 games and captained the team for three seasons.
 Farmer returned to Western Australia and became the captain/coach of the West Perth Football Club in 1968, leading the club to premierships against East Perth in 1969 and 1971.
 After retiring as a player, he coached Geelong, East Perth and Western Australia's first state of origin team.
