The Battle of Rossignol was an early battle of the First World War and part of the Battle of the Frontiers.
 In order to counter the German invasion of Belgium French commander-in-chief General Joseph Joffre ordered an attack upon the centre of the German advance.
 This was to be spearheaded by the French Fourth Army comprising the Colonial Corps and II Corps.
 Simultaneously, the German army broke with their Schlieffen Plan and turned the 5th Army southwards towards the French border.
 The French Colonial Corps advanced towards Neufchâteau expecting the nearest German forces to be several days march away.
Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd (8 September 1901 – 6 September 1966), also commonly referred to as Dr. Verwoerd, was a South African professor, newspaper editor-in-chief and politician who served as Prime Minister of South Africa from 1958 until his assassination in 1966.
 He is regarded as the mastermind behind socially engineering and implementing the racial policies of apartheid, the system of legal racial classification and forced racial segregation that existed in South Africa from 1948 to 1994.
 Verwoerd played an instrumental role in helping the far right National Party (South Africa) come to power in 1948 serving as their propagandist and political strategist.
 He eventually rose to party leader in 1958.
The Ulm Campaign was a series of French and Bavarian military maneuvers and battles to outflank and capture an Austrian army in 1805 during the War of the Third Coalition.
 It took place in the vicinity of and inside the Swabian (then Bavarian) city of Ulm.
 The French Grande Armée, led by Napoleon Bonaparte, comprised 210,000 troops organized into seven corps, and hoped to knock out the Austrian army in the Danube before Russian reinforcements could arrive.
 Through rapid marching, Napoleon conducted a large wheeling maneuver that captured an Austrian army of 23,000 under General Mack on 20 October at Ulm, bringing the total number of Austrian prisoners in the campaign to 60,000.
 The campaign is generally regarded as a strategic masterpiece and was influential in the development of the Schlieffen Plan in the late 19th century.
Lieutenant field marshal, also frequently historically field marshal lieutenant (German: "Feldmarschall-Leutnant" , formerly "Feldmarschallleutnant", historically also "Feldmarschall-Lieutenant" and, in official Imperial and Royal Austrian army documents from 1867 always "Feldmarschalleutnant", abbreviated "FML"), was a senior army rank in certain European armies of the 17th to 20th centuries.
 It emerged as the rank of field marshal (German: "Feldmarschall" ) came to be used for the highest army commander in the 17th century (having originally been the equivalent of a cavalry colonel).
 In German-speaking countries the commander-in-chief usually appointed an "under marshal" ("Untermarschall") or "lieutenant field marshal" to support and represent the field marshal.
 Amongst his functions as the personal deputy to the field marshal, were the supervision of supply depots and routes, and inspection of the guards.
Terence Zuber is an American military historian specializing in the First World War.
 He received his doctorate from the University of Würzburg in 2001 after serving for twenty years as an infantry officer in the United States Army.
 He has advanced the controversial thesis that the Schlieffen Plan as generally understood was a post-World War I fabrication.
Field marshal (or field marshal, abbreviated as FM) ( , ) is a five–star general officer rank and the highest attainable rank in the Indian Army.
 Field marshal is ranked immediately above general, but not exercised in the regular army structure.
 It is a largely ceremonial or wartime rank, having been awarded only twice.
 A field marshal's insignia consists of the national emblem over a crossed baton and sabre in a lotus blossom wreath.
The Schlieffen Plan (German: "Schlieffen-Plan" , ] ) was the name given after World War I to the thinking behind the German invasion of France and Belgium on 4 August 1914.
 Field Marshal Alfred von Schlieffen, the Chief of the Imperial Army German General Staff from 1891 to 1906, devised a deployment plan for a war-winning offensive, in a one-front war against the French Third Republic from 1905–06.
 After the war, the German official historians of the "Reichsarchiv" and other writers, described the plan as a blueprint for victory.
 German historians claimed that the plan had been ruined by "Generaloberst" (Colonel-General) Helmuth von Moltke the Younger, the Commander-in-Chief of the German army after Schlieffen retired in 1906, who was dismissed after the First Battle of the Marne (5–12 September 1914).
Alfred Graf von Schlieffen, mostly called Count Schlieffen (] ; 28 February 1833 – 4 January 1913) was a German field marshal and strategist who served as Chief of the Imperial German General Staff from 1891 to 1906.
 His name lived on in the 1905–06 'Schlieffen Plan', then "Aufmarsch I", a deployment plan and operational guide for a decisive initial offensive operation/campaign in a one-front war against the French Third Republic.
Belgium Put the Kibosh on the Kaiser was a popular British patriotic song of the First World War.
 It was first recorded on 6 October 1914 by Mark Sheridan.
 The song refers to the 1914 campaign in Belgium when the small British Expeditionary Force, along with an unexpectedly fierce Belgian defence, managed to delay the much larger German army, slowing them and wrecking the Schlieffen Plan which depended on total victory against the French to the west in a matter of weeks.
 By attacking Belgium, they had violated that nation's neutrality and brought the British Empire into the war because of a pledge to uphold Belgian independence.
 The song has the metre of Tramp!
 Tramp!
 Tramp!
.
Preem Palver is a fictional character, part of Isaac Asimov's "Foundation" Series.
 Palver is portrayed as a rather loud and jolly simple farmer.
 However, in reality he is the mastermind behind the plot to restore Hari Seldon's plan to its original course after the disruption by the Mule.
 This required meticulous planning, giving the Foundation a believable solution to the enigma of the Second Foundation.
 Preem Palver is the nineteenth First Speaker of the Second Foundation and direct descendant of Stettin Palver, another character in the "Foundation" universe.
 (In fact, Palver's name seems to mean "First Speaker"; Preem sounds like prime and Palver sounds like palaver.
 This is probably meant as a foreshadowing hint to the reader, since his identity as First Speaker is not revealed until the last sentence of "Second Foundation.")
