Sidney M. Goldin, born Samuel Goldstein (March 25, 1878 – September 19, 1937) was an American Jewish silent film director as well as a prominent writer, actor and producer for Yiddish theater and Yiddish cinema during the early 20th century.
 During his career, he worked frequently with Molly Picon, Maurice Schwartz and Ludwig Satz in Europe and Palestine.
Maksim Isaakovich Dunayevsky (Russian: Максим Исаакович Дунаевский , born 15 January 1945 in Moscow) is a popular Soviet/Russian film composer.
 Son of Isaak Dunayevsky.
 He finished the departments of music theory and composition in the Moscow Conservatory in 1965.
 In 1970, he finished the composition department of the same institution.
 Dunayevsky lived in the United States for seven years (from 1992 to 1999) where he worked in Hollywood and composed music for several films.
 He was married seven times.
 One of his wives included the actress Natalya Andrejchenko from whom the composer had a son by the name of Dmitriy Dunayevsky (born in 1982).
 In 1983 he had a daughter by the name of Alina who is actually living in Paris.
 She became a singer and author-composer of the pop-rock band Markize that she created and issued several albums and several singles and video clips.
 Nowadays she continues with creating her soloist project with new upcoming album.
 Her official web site: http://alina-dunaevskaya.com/ In 2002, his current wife bore him a daughter by the name of Paulina.
Sergey Dmitrievich Merkurov (Russian: Серге́й Дми́триевич Мерку́ров , 7 November [O.S. 26 October] 1881 – 8 June 1952) was a prominent Soviet sculptor-monumentalist of Greek-Armenian descent.
 He was a People's Artist of the USSR, an academic at the Soviet Academy of Arts, and director of the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts from 1944 to 1949.
 Merkurov was considered the greatest Soviet master of post-mortem masks.
 He was the sculptor of the three biggest monuments of Joseph Stalin in the USSR.
"Moya Moskva" («Моя Москва», "My Moscow") is the anthem of the city of Moscow since 1995.
 The music was composed in 1941 by Isaak Dunayevsky and the lyrics were written by Sergey Agranyan and Mark Lisyansky.
Sergey Yakovlevich Nikitin (Russian: Серге́й Яковлевич Никитин , born 8 March 1944) is a prominent Soviet and Russian bard, composer, and biophysicist.
 He performs both solo and in a duet with his wife, Tatyana Nikitina all over Russia, the former Soviet republics, and other countries with significant Russian-speaking diaspora.
 Sergey Nikitin is also known as a composer and performer of songs for children.
Isaak Moiseevich Milin, (Исаак Моисеевич Милин); * February 16, 1919, Oster, Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic – † November 17, 1992 Saint-Petersburg (former Leningrad), Russian Federation) was a prominent Soviet/Russian mathematician, doctor of science in physics and mathematics, senior researcher, specialist in Geometric Theory of Functions of a Complex Variable and Applied Mathematics, engineer-lieutenant-colonel at the Soviet Air Force.
White King, Red Queen (Russian: Белый король, красная королева; "Belyy korol, krasnaya koroleva" ; 1992) is a Russian film.
 The composer Isaak Schwarz won a Nika Award from the Russian Academy of Cinema Arts and Sciences for the film's music.
The Cranes Are Flying (Russian: Летят журавли , translit.
 "Letyat zhuravli") is a 1957 Soviet film about World War II.
 It depicts the cruelty of war and the damage suffered to the Soviet psyche as a result of World War II (known in the Soviet Union as the Great Patriotic War).
 It was directed at Mosfilm by the Georgian-born Soviet director Mikhail Kalatozov in 1957 and stars Aleksey Batalov and Tatiana Samoilova.
 It won the "Palme d'Or" at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival, the only Soviet film to win that award, although "The Turning Point" (1946) was one of eleven films awarded that year's Grand Prix, the predecessor of the "Palme d'Or".
Isaak Osipovich Dunayevsky (Russian: "Исаак Осипович Дунаевский" ; also transliterated as Dunaevski or Dunaevsky; 30 January [O.S. 18 January] 1900 25 July 1955) was a Soviet film composer and conductor of the 1930s and 1940s, who achieved huge success in music for operetta and film comedies, frequently working with the film director Grigori Aleksandrov.
 He is considered one of the greatest Soviet composers of all time.
 Many of his songs are very well known and held in high regard in Russia and the former Soviet Union.
Otto Peter (born 1931) is a Swiss classical baritone.
 He studied with the composer Paul Hindemith, the Swiss violinist of Czech origin Petr Rybář, and singers Margherita Perras and Heinz Rehfuss.
 He became famous as an interpreter of the music of Johann Sebastian Bach and performed frequently with the Zürich Bach Choir (Zürcher Bach Chor).
 He was particularly active in Prague during the 1960s and 1970s where he worked frequently with the Prague Symphony Orchestra (PSO) and Ars Rediviva.
 With the PSO, he made recordings of the "Johannes Passion" and the "St Matthew Passion" under conductor Jindřich Rohan.
 He also recorded several Bach cantatas with Ars Rediviva under the baton of Milan Munclinger.
