Quintus Caecilius Metellus Creticus (c. 135 BC – late 50s BC) was a politically active member of the Roman upper class.
 He was praetor in 74 BC and pontifex from 73 BC until his death.
 He was consul in 69 BC along with Quintus Hortensius Hortalus.
The Dian Kingdom () was an ancient kingdom established by the Dian people, an ancient group of indigenous non-Chinese metalworking tribes that inhabited around the Dian Lake plateau of central northern Yunnan, China from the late Spring and Autumn period until the Eastern Han dynasty.
 The Dian buried their dead in vertical pit graves.
 The Dian language was likely one of the Tibeto-Burman languages.
 The Dian were gradually displaced and assimilated into Han Chinese culture as the Han dynasty expanded towards what is now Yunnan.
 The Han annexation of the Dian Kingdom in 109 BC eventually led to the establishment of the Yizhou commandery.
Go Royal Family (Reigned from 37 BC to 668 AD) was the dynasty that founded and ruled over the ancient Korean kingdom of Goguryeo.
 Its founder, Jumong (Hangul: 주몽 ; Hanja: 朱蒙 ), broke away from another ancient Korean kingdom called Dongbuyeo to start his own kingdom.
 The Taewangs were all members of the Go Royal Family.
Dong'ou () also known as Ouyue (), was an ancient kingdom located in what is now Wenzhou and Taizhou, Zhejiang Province, China.
 It was contemporary with the Han dynasty and later conquered by Minyue in 138 BC.
Minyue () was an ancient kingdom in what is now Fujian Province in southern China.
 It was a contemporary of the Han dynasty, and was later annexed by the Han empire as the dynasty expanded southward.
 Its inhabitants were groups of indigenous non-Chinese tribes called the Baiyue.
 The kingdom survived roughly from 334 BC to 110 BC.
The Han campaigns against Minyue were a series of three Han military campaigns dispatched against the Minyue state.
 The first campaign was in response to Minyue's invasion of Eastern Ou in 138 BC.
 In 135 BC, a second campaign was sent to intervene in a war between Minyue and Nanyue.
 After the campaign, Minyue was partitioned into Minyue, ruled by a Han proxy king, and Dongyue.
 Dongyue was defeated in a third military campaign in 111 BC and the former Minyue territory was annexed by the Han Empire.
Year 135 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.
 At the time it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Flaccus and Piso (or, less frequently, year 619 "Ab urbe condita").
 The denomination 135 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Atropatene (Greek: Ἀτροπατηνή ; originally known as "Atropatkan" and "Atorpatkan" ) was an ancient kingdom established and ruled under local ethnic Iranian dynasties, first with Darius III of Persia and later Alexander the Great of Macedonia starting in the 4th century BC and includes the territory of modern-day Iranian Azerbaijan, Iranian Kurdistan, and a small part of the contemporary Azerbaijan Republic.
 Its capital was Ganzak.
 "Atropatene" also was the nominal ancestor of the name "Azerbaijan".
This is a list of solar eclipses in the 2nd century BC.
 During the period 200 to 101 BC there were 237 solar eclipses of which 80 were partial, 73 were annular (two non-central), 63 were total (one non-central), and 21 were hybrids.
 The greatest number of eclipses in one year was four, occurring in 7 different years: 193 BC, 175 BC, 168 BC, 157 BC, 135 BC, 121 BC, and 117 BC.
Ballaios (Ancient Greek: Βαλλαῖος ; ruled c.167–c.135 BC) or (c.195–c.175 BC) was an Illyrian king of the Ardiaei.
 Ballaios was not mentioned by any ancient writers.
 Ballaios was a powerful and influential king testified by the abundance of his silver and bronze coinage found along both coasts of the Adriatic.
