The Blitz Kids were a group of young people who frequented the weekly Blitz club-night in Covent Garden, London in 1979-80, and are credited with launching the New Romantic subcultural movement.
 It was Andrew Czezowski (Ex manager of The Damned) and Susan Carrington who went on to start The Roxy club with Barry Jones that introduced Steve Strange and Rusty Egan to the Blitz in Covent Garden, which started the New Romantic Movement.
 Among the many attendees were Rusty Egan, Steve Strange, Boy George, Marilyn, Alice Temple, Perri Lister, Princess Julia, Philip Sallon, Carl Teper and Martin Degville (later to be the frontman of Tony James' Sigue Sigue Sputnik).
 Crucially, the club lay between two art colleges (St Martin's School and Central School) and became a testbed for student fashion designers who set London ablaze during the 1980s.
 These included Stephen Jones, Fiona Dealey, Kim Bowen, Melissa Caplan, Stephen Linard, Chris Sullivan, Judith Frankland, David Holah, Stevie Stewart, John Galliano, Darla Jane Gilroy, Dinny Hall, Iain Webb, Simon Withers, Willy Brown, Richard Ostell, Rachel Auburn and more.
 The Blitz began making headlines thanks to its outrageous styles of clothes and make-up for both sexes, subsequently documented by Gary Kemp in his 2009 first-person book, "I Know This Much".
Martin Degville is (born 27 January 1961 in Walsall) is the lead singer and co-songwriter of the UK pop band, Sigue Sigue Sputnik – which had a worldwide hit single in 1986 with "Love Missile F1-11" – and six other EMI single releases.
 Sputnik was formed with ex-Generation X bassist Tony James.
"Pickin' Up the Pieces" is the first song recorded by pioneer country rock band Poco.
 Written by founding member Richie Furay, the song was the title track of Poco's first album.
Inamorata is the 18th album by the country rock band Poco.
 Featuring guest spots by former members Timothy B. Schmitt, Richie Furay and George Grantham (the only member missing from the classic years line up was Jim Messina), this would be the last album that the band would record for Atlantic Records.
 After this the original line up (Richie Furay, Rusty Young, Jim Messina, Randy Meisner and George Grantham) would reform for the 1989 release "Legacy".
Last Time Around is the third and final album by folk rock band Buffalo Springfield.
 Released 1968, it featured Neil Young, Stephen Stills, Richie Furay, Dewey Martin, Bruce Palmer, and Jim Messina, who also worked as producer and a recording engineer.
Poco is an American country rock band originally formed by Richie Furay, Jim Messina and Rusty Young.
 Formed following the demise of Buffalo Springfield in 1968, Poco was part of the first wave of the West Coast country rock genre.
 The title of their first album, "Pickin' Up the Pieces", is a reference to the break-up of Buffalo Springfield.
 Throughout the years Poco has performed in various groupings, and is still active.
Poco: The Songs of Richie Furay is a compilation album consisting of songs by Richie Furay during his tenure with the band Poco, released in 1980.
Seven is the sixth studio album (seventh overall) by American country rock band Poco.
 It is the first album they made after leader Richie Furay left the band.
 The front cover was designed by Phil Hartman.
The Souther Hillman Furay Band (SHF) was a country rock supergroup led by singer-songwriters Richie Furay (Buffalo Springfield, Poco), Chris Hillman (The Byrds, The Flying Burrito Brothers, Manassas), and J.D. Souther (Longbranch Pennywhistle, noted songwriter for Linda Ronstadt and the Eagles).
 The band recorded two albums during the 1970s before breaking up due to disagreements between the members.
Neil Percival Young, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born November 12, 1945), is a Canadian singer-songwriter, musician, producer, director and screenwriter.
 After embarking on a music career in the 1960s, he moved to Los Angeles, where he formed Buffalo Springfield with Stephen Stills, Richie Furay and others.
 Young had released two solo albums by the time he joined Crosby, Stills & Nash in 1969, in addition to two as a member of Buffalo Springfield.
 From his early solo albums and those with his backing band Crazy Horse, Young has recorded a steady stream of studio and live albums, sometimes warring with his recording company along the way.
