Man Mohan Suri (1928–1981) was an Indian mechanical engineer and the Director of Central Mechanical Engineering Research Institute (CMERI), Durgapur.
 He is best known for inventing "Suri Transmission", a hydromechanical transmission unit, reported to increase the efficiency of diesel locomotives and he held the patent for the inventions.
 The technology is known to have led to 36 patent specifications in eleven countries.
 He is also credited with the conceptualization of Swaraj farm tractor, a product of Punjab Tractors Ltd. and held another patent for his development of "Railway truck wheel assembly".
 He received the fourth highest Indian civilian award of the Padma Shri in 1961.
 The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the apex agency of the Government of India for scientific research, awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards for his contributions to Engineering Sciences in 1962.
 The Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi has instituted an annual award, "Padmashri Manmohan Suri Project Award", for honoring the best mechanical project by its alumni.
Loknayak is a 2004 biographical film based on the life of Bharat Ratna Jayaprakash Narayan (JP).
 It was directed by Prakash Jha in 2004.
 Actor Chetan Pandit enacted the role of Jayaprakash Narayan and Tisca Chopra played role of Prabhavati Devi, wife of JP Narayan.
Jayaprakash Narayan Nagar, popularly known as J. P. Nagar, is an established residential area located in the south of the Bangalore conurbation, India named after prominent Indian leader Jayaprakash Narayan.
 It is located in proximity to prime residential areas such as Jayanagar, Banashankari, Bannerghatta Road and BTM Layout.
Ashok Seth is an Indian interventional cardiologist, credited with the performance of over 50,000 angiograms and 20,000 angioplasties, which has been included in the Limca Book of Records, a reference book for achievements and records from an Indian perspective.
 He is a Fellow of the Royal Colleges of Physicians of London, Edinburgh and Ireland and serves as the chief cardiologist, holding the chairs of the department of cardiovascular sciences and cardiology council at the Fortis Healthcare.
 Seth, a recipient of the Order of Isabella the Catholic, was honored by the Government of India with the fourth highest Indian civilian award of Padma Shri, in 2003, followed by Padma Bhushan, the third highest Indian civilian award, in 2015.
Gurcharan Singh Kalkat is an Indian agricultural scientist and the founder chairman of the Punjab State Farmers Commission (PSFC), known for his contributions in bringing the green revolution to Punjab.
 The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest Indian civilian honour of Padma Shri in 1981 and followed it up with the third highest Indian civilian award of Padma Bhushan in 2007.
Jayaprakash Narayan (   ; 11 October 1902 – 8 October 1979), popularly referred to as JP or Lok Nayak (Hindi for The Folk Hero), was an Indian independence activist, theorist and political leader, remembered especially for leading the mid-1970s opposition against Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, for whose overthrow he called a "total revolution".
 His biography, "Jayaprakash," was written by his nationalist friend and an eminent writer of Hindi literature, Ramavriksha Benipuri.
 In 1999, he was posthumously awarded the Bharat Ratna, India's highest civilian award, in recognition of his social work.
 Other awards include the Magsaysay award for Public Service in 1965.
 The Patna airport is also named after him.
 The largest hospital run by the Delhi government and the teaching hospital of the famous Maulana Azad Medical College, Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Hospital, is also named after him.
 It was formerly called Irwin hospital.
 There is also a park in his name, situated on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, in New Delhi, just opposite to Maulana Azad Medical College.
 On August 1, 2015, the Chhapra-Delhi-Chhapra Weekly Express was renamed as "Loknayak Express" in his honour.
Chandra Prakash Vohra is an Indian geologist, glaciologist and mountaineer who scaled Mount Everest, the highest peak in the world, in 1965.
 He was the first Indian civilian to scale the peak a feat he accomplished on 24 May 1965.
 A winner of the Arjuna Award (1965) and the National Mineral Award, Vohra was honoured by the Government of India in 1965, with the award of Padma Shri, the fourth highest Indian civilian award.
Lok Satta is a political party in India, founded by Jayaprakash Narayan, a former I.A.S. officer and renowned activist from Andhra Pradesh.
 Since 1996, the Lok Satta Movement functioned as a non-governmental organisation, but on 2 October 2006, the movement was reorganised into a formal political party.
 The party intends to further the causes of the Lok Satta Movement, including a reduction in the size of the cabinet, promotion of the Right to Information Act, and disclosure of criminal records and assets by political candidates.
 Beginning with the 2009 elections the party has adopted a whistle as their official symbol.
 On March 23 2016, the party founder president, Jayaprakash Narayan said that they will not take part in electoral politics for sometime.
Ashok Panagariya is an Indian neurologist, medical researcher and academic, known for his researches on nerve cells and neuromyotonia.
 He is a former Vice Chancellor of Rajasthan University of Health Sciences, Jaipur and a former member of the Planning Board of the Government of Rajasthan.
<ref name="http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/jaipur/Docs-stir-Govt-toughens-stand/articleshow/4831946.cms?referral=PM"> </ref> A recipient of Dr. B. C. Roy Award, the highest Indian award in the medical category, Panagariya was awarded the fourth highest Indian civilian award of Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2014.
Rajinder Kumar (born 1934) is an Indian chemical engineer and a former professor at the Indian Institute of Science.
 He is known for his studies on multiphase phenomena and is an elected fellow of the Indian National Science Academy, Indian Academy of Sciences, and the Indian National Academy of Engineering.
 The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the apex agency of the Government of India for scientific research, awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards for his contributions to Engineering Sciences in 1976.
 He received the third highest Indian civilian award of the Padma Bhushan in 2003.
 He is also a recipient of Om Prakash Bhasin Award and the VASVIK Industrial Research Award.
