Alwine Dollfuß (née Glienke) (1897–1973) was the wife of former Austrian chancellor Engelbert Dollfuß.
 At the time of his murder, she was in Italy with Benito Mussolini, who allowed her the use of his private plane to hurry back to Austria.
 She is buried in Hietzinger Cemetery next to her husband, and two of her children; Hannerl and Eva.
 She was also satirized in Brecht's "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui" 1941 as the character 'Betty Dullfeet'.
The Second Faymann government was a government of Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann.
 It took office on 16 December 2013 following the 2013 legislative election, succeeding the First Faymann government.
 On 17 May 2016, it was succeeded by the Kern government, following Faymann's resignation amidst the 2016 presidential election.
The chancellor of the College of William & Mary is the ceremonial head of the college, chosen by the university's Board of Visitors.
 The office was created by the college's Royal Charter, which stipulated that the chancellor would serve a seven-year term.
 Henry Compton, Bishop of London, was named in the Charter as the college's first chancellor.
 Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States Sandra Day O'Connor served as chancellor from 2005 until 2012 when Robert Gates assumed the office.
 He was installed as chancellor on February 3, 2012.
Karl, Count Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin (Czech: "Karel hrabě Chotek z Chotkova a Vojnína" , German: "Karl Graf Chotek von Chotkow und Wognin" ); (23 July 1783 – 18 December 1868) was an Austrian chancellor, Government President (Gubernialpräsident) and school reformer of Bohemia and honorary citizen of Innsbruck and Prague.
Otto Planetta (2 August 1899 in Vyškov, Austro-Hungarian Empire, now Czech Republic – 31 July 1934 in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian Nazi.
 On 25 July 1934 he murdered Engelbert Dollfuss, Austrian Chancellor during the unsuccessful July Putsch, four years before the Anschluss.
 He and the other assassins were members of SS Regiment 89.
 He was executed.
Jörg Leichtfried (born 18 June 1967 in Bruck an der Mur, Styria) is an Austrian politician who currently serves as Federal Minister for Transport, Innovation and Technology in the government of Chancellor Christian Kern.
George Abraham von Dyhrn, "1st Baron of Dyhrn" (1620–1671), was an Austrian Chancellor in the province of Silesia, politician and a landowner in the Habsburg monarchy.
Wolfgang Schüssel (] ; born 7 June 1945) is an Austrian People's Party politician.
 He was Chancellor of Austria for two consecutive terms from February 2000 to January 2007.
 While being recognised as a rare example of an active reformer in contemporary Austrian politics, his governments were also highly controversial from the beginning, starting with the fact that he formed a coalition government with Jörg Haider's Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) on both occasions.
 In 2011, he retired from being an active member of parliament due to a multitude of charges of corruption against members of his governments.
The Kreisky–Peter–Wiesenthal affair was a political and personal feud in the 1970s fought between the then Austrian chancellor Bruno Kreisky and the Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal arising from Kreisky's ministerial appointments and the SS past of Freedom Party leader Friedrich Peter, which had been revealed by Wiesenthal.
Eduard Hedvicek (Czech: "Eduard Hedvíček" ) was born in 1878 in Kojetín, Moravia, Austria-Hungary, now in the Czech Republic, and died 1947 in Vienna, Austria.
 He was the secretary of Engelbert Dollfuß, the Austrian Chancellor before the Anschluss.
 On July 25, 1934, he unsuccessfully tried to prevent Dollfuß's assassination by Otto Planetta.
 He testified at the trial of the murderers as a "Crown" (prosecution) witness and was awarded the Gold Medal of Merit Signum Laudis by the Austrian government for his heroic efforts.
 He was imprisoned by the Nazis after Germany annexed Austria.
 His imprisonment was a matter of personal revenge for Ernst Kaltenbrunner, the SS-Obergruppenführer and Chef der Reichssicherheitshauptamtes of the Nazi government and a famous Austrian Nazi, who himself was involved in Dollfuß's assassination and was for this and other crimes hanged after the war.
