Voodoo Moon is a 2006 horror film written and directed by comic book artist and writer Kevin VanHook.
 It aired as a Sunday night movie on the Sci-Fi channel on June 4, 2006.
Seven Days in Sammystown is the third studio album by American new wave band Wall of Voodoo, released in 1985.
 This was the first Wall of Voodoo album to include Andy Prieboy on vocals and Ned Leukhardt on drums.
 It includes their cover version of "Dark as a Dungeon".
 The album reached #50 on the Australian charts.
 The track "Far Side of Crazy" is featured in the 1985 movie "Head Office".
The Spring is a 1989 independent movie, not available in video, about archaeologists Andy (Dack Rambo) and Matty (Gedde Watanabe), who discover a diary written by a member of Ponce de León's exploration party, which they believe can lead them to the Fountain of Youth.
 They go to Florida to retrace De León's steps, but the secret of their quest gets out and they are pursued by a millionaire with plans to make money from the spring and a voodoo acolyte hoping to find immortality.
 Andy's investigations bring him in contact with Dyanne (Shari Shattuck), an artist living near the search area, who seems to be holding back knowledge of the spring.
The Undead is a 1957 horror film directed by Roger Corman starring Pamela Duncan, Allison Hayes, Richard Garland and Val Dufour.
 The authors' original working title was "The Trance of Diana Love".
 The film follows the story of a prostitute, Diana Love (Duncan), who is put into a hypnotic trance by psychic Quintis (Dufour), thus causing her to regress back to a previous life.
 Hayes later starred in "Attack of the 50 Foot Woman" (1958).
 The film was released by American International Pictures as a double feature with "Voodoo Woman".
The Spore is Opiate for the Masses's second full-length album, released on April 26, 2005, by Jim Kaufman's own Voodoo Records.
 The CD is sold with a Warcon DVD including videos from Opiate for the Masses, Eighteen Visions, Queens of the Stone Age, Drowning Pool, El Pus, Stutterfly and Bleed The Dream.
 There is also a collection of movie trailers, concert clips, video game teasers and a five-track demo by Shadows Fall.
Le President a-t-il Le Sida is a 2006 Haitian movie directed by Haitian Filmmaker Arnold Antonin starring Jimmy Jean-Louis (of Heroes) and Jessica Généus.
 It tells the story of Dao, a prominent musician who leads an unprotected sexual life with orgies and drug use.
 He changes his lifestyle when he meets Nina, a poor 23-year-old.
 Dao ends up in the hospital after a car accident.
 He later finds out that he has contracted AIDS.
 His mother takes him to a voodoo priest in hopes that the "evil spirits" will be removed.
 Nina marries him 6 months after finding out that he has AIDS.
Urgh!
 A Music War is a British film released in 1982 featuring performances by punk rock, new wave, and post-punk acts, filmed in 1980.
 Among the artists featured in the movie are Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD), Magazine, The Go-Go's, Toyah Willcox, The Fleshtones, Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, X, XTC, Devo, The Cramps, Oingo Boingo, Dead Kennedys, Gary Numan, Klaus Nomi, Wall of Voodoo, Pere Ubu, Steel Pulse, Surf Punks, 999, UB40, Echo & the Bunnymen and The Police.
 These were many of the most popular groups on the New Wave scene; in keeping with the spirit of the scene, the film also features several less famous acts, and one completely obscure group, Invisible Sex, in what appears to be their only public performance.
Daniel Frischman (born April 23, 1959) is an American actor, noted for playing socially inept "geeks" and "nerds".
 Frischman's birthdate is often listed as 1964, because early in his career his acting agent encouraged him to falsify his age to make himself more eligible for teenaged acting roles.
 He was born in Whippany, New Jersey.
Naomie Melanie Harris, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 September 1976) is an English actress.
 She started her career as a child actress, appearing on the children television series "Simon and the Witch" in 1987.
 She played voodoo witch Tia Dalma in the second and third "Pirates of the Caribbean" films, Selena in "28 Days Later", and Winnie Mandela in "".
 She played Eve Moneypenny in the James Bond films "Skyfall" and "Spectre".
 In 2016, she starred in the critically acclaimed film "Moonlight"; a performance which earned her several nominations for Best Supporting Actress awards, including the Golden Globe, BAFTA, and the Academy Award.
Sugar Hill is a 1974 American horror blaxploitation zombie film released by AIP.
 It starred Marki Bey as the title character who uses voodoo to get revenge on the people responsible for her boyfriend's death.
 The zombies in this film more closely resemble the creatures of voodoo legend - i.e., the walking dead who do the bidding of a human master - than the flesh-eating "living dead" ghouls popularized by George A. Romero.
 According to the film, the zombies are the preserved bodies of slaves brought to the United States from Guinea.
 American International Pictures had previously combined the horror and blaxploitation genres with "Blacula" (1972) and its sequel, "Scream Blacula Scream" (1973).
