Del Monte Center is an open-air shopping center located in Monterey, California.
 Del Monte Center is the largest shopping center on the Monterey Peninsula and the second largest shopping mall in Monterey County, California, and has the only department store in a 22-mile radius.
 Del Monte Center was designed by architect John Carl Wernecke, built by Williams and Burrows Construction Company and originally opened in 1967 but expanded and renovated in 1987.
 The shopping center encompasses 675000 sqft of retail space including 85 stores, one department store (Macy's), Whole Foods Market, restaurants (California Pizza Kitchen, P.F. Chang's China Bistro, Pizza My Heart, Islands Fine Burgers & Drinks, Subway, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Starbucks and Lalla Grill), a gym and spa (Energia) and a thirteen screen Century Theatres.
 Petco was added in 2004, replacing Stroud's.
 The existing theater complex moved in 2006, with the former complex becoming a furniture store for Macy's.
Rhodes Brothers was a department store located in Tacoma, Washington, originally established in 1892 as a coffee shop in downtown Tacoma by Albert, William, Henry and Charles Rhodes.
 In 1903, the brothers would shift into the department store business, opening in the newly built Snell Building at Broadway and 11th Street in the heart of Tacoma's retail core.
 The store would achieve great success, and by 1911, three floors were added to the building eventually bringing it to 170,000 ft² (15793.52m²), included a tea room (opened in 1908) and a branch of the Tacoma Public Library.
 By 1920, even more room was needed and several buildings across the alley (Court C) were purchased and connected to the main store by a sky bridge.
 Further additions included a discount annex in 1935, a new men's shop in 1937 and a special vault that could hold 5,000 coats.
 In 1957, the company opened its first suburban location at the Villa Plaza Shopping Center in Lakewood, Washington.
 At one time there were signs on highways in Washington that said, "All roads lead to Rhodes," giving the number of miles to the Rhodes store in Tacoma.
Ashley Landing (originally opened as Ashley Plaza and later known as Ashley Plaza Mall), built in 1970, was the first indoor shopping mall built in the West Ashley area of Charleston, South Carolina.
 The center is located at 1401 Sam Rittenberg Boulevard (S.C. Highway 7) at the fork of Old Towne Road (S.C. Highway 171).
 It was built as a joint venture of shopping center developers the LeFrak Organization of New York City and The Cordish Company of Baltimore, Maryland under the name Ashley Plaza Mall Associates.
 Ashley Plaza Mall was originally constructed in the late 1960s as a strip shopping center featuring a J.M. Fields Department Stores joined to a Pantry Pride supermarket.
 In 1970 the locally owned Condon's Department Store was built adjacent to Pantry Pride as a freestanding building.
 The center was originally known as "Ashley Plaza" and had a large red and white neon pylon "Ashley Plaza" sign in the center of the parking lot that remained until 1989 when it was destroyed by Hurricane Hugo.
Channel District is a residential neighborhood in the City of Tampa that includes an entertainment complex, just east of Downtown Tampa, Florida.
 It is bordered by Ybor Channel on the east and Garrison Channel on the south.
 Channelside is a nickname for the entertainment complex "Channelside Bay Plaza", within the neighborhood that includes shops, restaurants, and bars.
 It is located next to the Florida Aquarium, American Victory Museum, Port Tampa Bay (the launching point for cruise lines) and a short stretch on the Tampa Riverwalk to the Tampa Bay History Center.
 Also located in the district is the Amalie Arena (formerly the Tampa Bay Times Forum) where the NHL's Tampa Bay Lightning and Tampa Bay Storm play their home games.
 The Arena also hosts concerts and other events.
 The center of the Bay Plaza has a large open court for live music, with views of the downtown skyline, cruise ships and the Port of Tampa.
 It also houses a Sony Giant Screen theater.
 The TECO Streetcar has several stops in the district.
 Also, NEVs are being utilized by startups to link Tampa's core neighborhoods including Channelside.
 The Tampa Convention Center is located adjacent to the district to the west.
Britton Plaza Shopping Center is a 522689 sqft  open-air shopping plaza in the Fair Oaks - Manhattan Manor neighborhood of Tampa, Florida (on the corner of Dale Mabry Highway and Euclid Avenue).
 The plaza was built in 1956 and includes these anchors: Publix Super Market, Bealls Outlet, Tuesday Morning, Stein Mart, Burlington Coat Factory, Marshall's, Michaels, and Big Lots, as well as a GNC, Taco Bell, and a variety of local stores including The Perfect Gift which opened in 2011.
 The plaza also has an eight-screen theater, operated by Five Star Cinemas, which reopened in August 2009.
.
 The theater was previously operated by Regal Entertainment in the mid-1990s and later Zota Theatres during the early and mid-2000s.
 Additionally, Fashion Bug closed its Britton Plaza store in March 2009, and China Garden Super Buffet closed its doors in June to prepare for an expansion.
 It reopened as the Tampa Buffet on November 29, 2009 and includes expanded dining facilities and buffet selection.
 In February 2011, Walgreens moved across the street; (Pet Supermarket will occupy the former space during the first quarter of 2012), and in April 2011, Plato's Closet opened in the old Fashion Bug storefront (the other half of the former Fashion Bug storefront has been occupied by Five Dollar Fashions since 2009).
Kings Plaza Shopping Center is a shopping center within the Marine Park/Mill Basin section of Brooklyn, New York City, near the Flatlands and Bergen Beach neighborhoods.
 Opened in September 1970, it is located at the southeast corner of Flatbush Avenue and Avenue U, just north of Floyd Bennett Field.
 The mall is anchored by Macy's, Best Buy, H&M, and Old Navy, and formerly by Sears.
Lakewood Towne Center is a shopping center located in Lakewood, Washington, a suburb of Tacoma.
 Lakewood Towne Center was created when MBK Northwest bought and demolished the enclosed portion of the failing Lakewood Mall in 2001, and turned the site into an open air destination by creating four distinct components, including a civic center with a city hall as its centerpiece, a power center, entertainment center, and a neighborhood center.
 Lakewood Mall itself had been a replacement for the outdoor Villa Plaza Shopping Center.
The Street at Chestnut Hill is an open-air shopping center on Route 9 in the Newton portion of Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.
 The shopping center contains 640,090 sq. feet of fashion retailers, restaurants, and entertainment options.
 The architecture and design of the new shopping center mimics modern village-like streetscapes and overlooks neighboring Hammond Pond.
 The center contains a Showcase SuperLux and a Star Market.
Briarcliff Plaza, also known as Ponce de Leon Plaza, is a strip mall-type shopping center designed by architect George Harwell Bond and opened in 1939 at the southwest corner of Ponce de Leon Avenue and Highland Avenue in the Poncey-Highland neighborhood of Atlanta.
 Braircliff Plaza was developed by Relnac Inc., and was proposed to cost $300,000.
 Construction began after the last home on the block was purchased by Relnac Inc., the Dr. Robin Adair estate, and Briarcliff Plaza opened throughout 1939 with businesses such as Dupree Dry Cleaners, Blick’s Bowling Alley, Holcomb Flowers, the Georgia Fruit & Vegetable Company and Nick Caruso’s Big Place which offered shoe repair, hat cleaning, pressing, repairing and hat cleaning.
 It was Atlanta's first shopping center with off-street parking.
 It is anchored by the historic Plaza Theatre and Urban Outfitters (former home of the iconic Plaza Drugs).
 Adjacent to Briarcliff Plaza is the equally iconic Majestic Diner, open since 1929.
Bay Plaza Shopping Center is a shopping center on the south side of Co-op City, in the Bronx, New York.
 In addition to various department stores and shops, such as Macy's, JCPenney, Staples, Kmart and Old Navy, it has a multiplex movie theater, several restaurants, a fitness club, and some office space.
 It used to operate a Barnes and Nobles bookstore across the mall but was shut down.
 Constructed from 1987 to 1988 by Prestige Properties, the shopping center is located between Bartow and Baychester Avenues, just outside Sections 4 and 5 of Co-op City, on an open lot that from 1960 to 1964, was the site of Freedomland USA.
 The Bay Plaza Shopping Center is the largest shopping center in New York City.
 Since opening over 25 years ago, it has become extremely successful, the center claims to hold some of the highest performing stores on a per-square-foot basis for many national retailers.
