SuperHappyDevHouse (aka SHDH) is an international series of social events which organizers originally conceived as parties for hackers and thinkers.
 Founded May 29, 2005 by Jeff Lindsay and David Weekly (founder of PBwiki), SHDH in Silicon Valley began by hosting 150 to 200 people every six weeks at rotating venues throughout San Francisco Bay and Silicon Valley, California.
 The unusual name derived from a popular 1991 "Saturday Night Live" satire, Happy Fun Ball, which lampooned TV commercials and the NERF Ball.
 Weekly lived in a house nicknamed "SuperHappyFunHouse" after SNL's commercial parody, and that name was given yet another twist as SuperHappyDevHouse.
Go is an American television game show created by Bob Stewart and aired on NBC from October 3, 1983 to January 20, 1984.
 The show featured two teams, each composed of four contestants and a celebrity.
 The teams had to construct questions one word at a time to convey a word or phrase to their teammates.
 The concept of "Go" was based on a bonus round used on "Chain Reaction", another game show created by Stewart.
Richard Collins (1947 – April 15, 2013) was a Canadian actor.
 He was best known for playing Philadelphia "Phil" Collins in the comedy series "Trailer Park Boys".
 In 2011, he also appeared as Big Ron in "The Drunk and On Drugs Happy Fun Time Hour".
 He also appeared in the episode 'Loveliner' of the series Lexx.
Uh Oh!
 is a Canadian game show created by Rick Watts (who also served as producer and director of the show's first five seasons) and Frank Young.
 The show aired from September 5, 1997 to April 19, 2003 on YTV, and was a spin-off of the popular variety show "It's Alive!
", which also aired on YTV.
 "Uh Oh!"
 was part of "It's Alive"'s game show segment during its third season.
 but existed as a parody during its second season.
 As of 2016, "Uh Oh!"
 is the third longest running show on YTV, behind "Hit List" and "Video & Arcade Top 10", both of which aired for 14 and 15 years respectively.
 For its entire run, "Uh Oh!"
 was taped at Global Television in Toronto, Ontario, in the same studio where "It's Alive!"
 was shot, The series was cancelled on April 19, 2003.
The "Happy Fun Ball" was the subject of a series of parody advertisements on "Saturday Night Live".
 Described as a "classic that can sit right up there with Dan Aykroyd's Bass-o-Matic", it originally aired February 16, 1991 on NBC and was brought back for several "Best Of" specials.
 The topic of the skit is a toy rubber ball, the advertisement for which is accompanied by a long series of bizarre disclaimers and warnings, including "Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball".
The Super Happy Fun Club (also known as Super Happy Fun Club, or SHFC) is an American piano rock band from Chicago, Illinois.
 The band is composed of local Chicago musicians who had all previously achieved minor to moderate success in the music industry.
 As such, the name of the band is a tongue-in-cheek reference to the disenchantment many musicians feel towards the music industry.
 This facetiously jocular attitude is conspicuous in many of their songs, while others represent a more serious reflection on the vicissitudes of life.
 Current members of the band are Kaustubh "Stubhy" Pandav (vocals), Pat Gilroy (keyboards/backing vocals), Jeremy Galanes (bass, backing vocals), Phil Kosch (guitar, backing vocals), Dave Swick (guitar, backing vocals), and Chris Mason (drums).
HAPPinas Happy Hour is a Philippine sketch comedy and variety show created by Wilma V. Galvante and produced by TV5 Entertainment Division and Content Cows Company.
 The show will premiere on TV5 on May 6, 2016.
 The show's comedy sketches, which parody contemporary culture and politics, are performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members.
A parody religion or mock religion is a belief system that challenges spiritual convictions of others, often through humor, satire, or burlesque (literary ridicule).
 Often created to achieve a specific purpose related to another belief system, a parody religion can be a parody of several religions, sects, gurus, cults, or new religious movements at the same time or even a parody of no particular religion, instead parodying the concept of religious belief itself.
 In some parody religions, emphasis is on having fun and being a convenient excuse for pleasant social interaction among the like-minded (e.g., the Church of the SubGenius).
 Other parody religions target a specific religion, sect, cult, or new religious movement.
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi is a compilation album by pop duo Puffy AmiYumi, released in 2004.
 It was compiled to tie in with the group's animated series of the same name.
 There is also a Japanese version of this CD, of which contains the subtitle, "Happy Fun Rock Music from the Series" and includes two additional "TV Mix" tracks.
 The album peaked at #49 on the Japanese Albums Chart.
GEICO advertising campaigns are known for using surreal humor and satire, often featuring distinctive characters such as the company's mascot, the GEICO gecko.
 The advertising strategy incorporates a saturation-level amount of print (primarily mail circulars) and television parody advertisements, as well as radio advertisements.
 A common line used by GEICO is "15 minutes could save you 15% or more on car insurance."
