Fall of Because was an English band formed in 1982 in Birmingham by bass guitarist G. C. Green and guitarist Paul Neville.
 The band, also featuring Justin Broadrick on drums, is known for paving way to the pioneering industrial metal band Godflesh, which formed in 1988 by Green and Broadrick following the disbandment of Fall of Because in 1987.
Legends of Motorsport is a rock band formed in Hobart and based in Melbourne, Australia.
"Hobart Paving" is a single by British pop group Saint Etienne.
 It was released by Heavenly Records in May 1993 as a double A-side with the band's cover of "Who Do You Think You Are", originally released in 1974 by Jigsaw and a hit for Candlewick Green.
 It reached number 23 in the UK Singles Chart.
On!Air!Library!
 was a post-rock/ambient/experimental rock band from New York City.
 Twin sisters Claudia and Alejandra Deheza formed the group with Phillip Wann in 1998.
 Through playing at local venues and parties, the trio eventually landed a deal with Arena Rock Recording Co. in 2002, and in 2003, a split record with The Album Leaf exposed the band to a wider audience, paving the way for their full-length, self-titled, debut album in 2004.
 That same year, they embarked on a nationwide tour with Interpol and The Secret Machines.
 In 2005, On!
 Air!
 Library!
 disbanded.
 The Deheza sisters both became involved in a new project, School of Seven Bells, with former Secret Machines guitarist Benjamin Curtis.
 Wann also started a new band, Daylight's for the Birds, which released its first album in 2006.
Enola Fall are an Australian indie rock, pop band formed as Melatonin in Hobart, Tasmania in 2001.
 Original members were Adam D’Andrea, Kieran Holm and Joe Nuttall; Nuttall has continued with later members of Tristan Barnes, Lochner James and Nicholas Howe.
Eraserheads (sometimes stylized as ERASƎRHEADS) is a Filipino rock band formed in 1989.
 Consisting of Ely Buendia, Marcus Adoro, Buddy Zabala, and Raimund Marasigan, the band became one of the most successful, most influential, critically acclaimed, and significant bands in the history of Philippine music, leaving a legacy that resulted to them being the most commercially successful Filipino music artists of all time.
 Often dubbed as "The Beatles of the Philippines", they are credited for spearheading a second wave of Manila band invasions, paving the way for a host of Philippine alternative rock bands.
Psycroptic is an Australian technical death metal band formed in Hobart in 1999.
 Mainstay members are Dave Haley on drums, his brother Joe Haley on guitar, and Cameron Grant on bass guitar.
 Their lead vocalist, Jason Peppiatt, joined in 2004.
 In 2008 they signed to Nuclear Blast.
 As of February 2012, the band have released five studio albums.
 They have undertaken Australian national tours supporting international acts, Incantation, Decapitated, Origin and Misery Index.
 Psycroptic have also toured Europe with Nile and with Deicide.
The Innocents are a power pop band formed in Hobart, Tasmania in 1975.
 Featuring singer/songwriters David Minchin, Charles Touber, Greg Cracknell, and drummer Brent "Beep" Jeffrey, The Innocents—originally called Beathoven—are one of only two Tasmanian bands to ever have Australian chart success (the other being MEO 245).
Thrall (formerly known as Thy Plagues) is a black metal band formed in Hobart, Tasmania, currently signed to Moribund Records.
The Philisteins were a garage punk band formed in Hobart in 1985 as The Cheesemongers with a line-up including Scott Harrison on bass guitar; Aydn Hibberd on guitar, vocals and harmonica; and Guy Lucas on guitar, vocals and organ.
 In 1986 Konrad Park joined on drums and they adopted a new name, The Philisteins.
 In 1987 they issued their debut album, "Reverberations", and soon after relocated to Adelaide and signed with local label, Greasy Pop Records.
 In December 1988 they released an eight-track extended play, "Bloody Convicts", with Harrison replaced by Ian Wettenhall on bass guitar and Nick Bruer on drums.
 They followed with a six-track EP, "Some Kind of Philisteins", in November 1989, with Bruer replaced by Stewart Tabert.
 Their full-length album, "Lifestyles of the Wretched and Forgettable", appeared in November of the next year on Dog Meat Records and they had moved to Melbourne.
 By 1992 they disbanded and Lucas, Tabert and Wettenhall formed another group, The Freeloaders.
 Hibberd was a founding member of indie rock band, Powder Monkeys.
 In March 1998 Guy Lucas died of a drug overdose.
 A compilation album, "A Savage Affection: 1986–1992", appeared in December 2007.
