Kurt Cobain About a Son is a documentary about Kurt Cobain that debuted at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival.
 It is directed by AJ Schnack.
 It was produced by Sidetrack Films.
 It features audio of interviews between Cobain and journalist Michael Azerrad done for the book "", set over ambient cinematography of the places which Kurt Cobain called his home, mainly Aberdeen, Olympia, and Seattle.
 The film played at numerous film festivals, and was nominated for the 2007 Independent Spirit's Truer than Fiction Award.
 The DVD, which was released by Shout!
 Factory in February 2008, includes bonus interviews and commentary by Michael Azerrad and A.J. Schnack.
 Shout!
 Factory also put out the documentary's first Blu-ray edition on October 6, 2009.
Love and Death: The Murder of Kurt Cobain, published by Simon & Schuster, is a collaborative investigative journalism book written by Ian Halperin and Max Wallace purporting to show that rock star Kurt Cobain, believed to have committed suicide, was in fact murdered, possibly at the behest of his wife Courtney Love.
 It is a follow-up to the authors' 1998 bestseller on the same subject, "Who Killed Kurt Cobain?"
.
 The book is based on 30 hours of revealing audiotaped conversations, exclusively obtained by the authors, between Courtney Love's private investigator, Tom Grant, and her and Cobain's entertainment attorney, Rosemary Carroll, who both dispute the official finding of suicide and believe Cobain was in fact murdered.
Teen Spirit: The Tribute to Kurt Cobain is a documentary about Nirvana band leader Kurt Cobain.
 Released in September 1996 it is significant as the first unofficial Kurt Cobain or Nirvana documentary to be available as a home video.
Last Days is a 2005 American drama film directed, produced and written by Gus Van Sant.
 It is a fictionalized account of the last days of a musician, loosely based on Kurt Cobain.
 It was released to theaters in the United States on July 22, 2005 and was produced by HBO.
 The film stars Michael Pitt as the character Blake, based on Kurt Cobain.
 Lukas Haas, Asia Argento, Scott Patrick Green and Thadeus A. Thomas also star in the film.
 This is the first film from Picturehouse, a joint venture between Time Warner's New Line Cinema and HBO Films subsidiaries to release art house, independent, foreign, and documentary films.
 The film received mixed reviews from critics.
 Though meant to be based on Kurt Cobain, it contradicts the factual evidence of Cobain's final days.
Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck (also billed as Cobain: Montage of Heck) is a 2015 documentary film about Nirvana lead singer Kurt Cobain.
 The film was directed by Brett Morgen and premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival.
 It received a limited theatrical release worldwide and premiered on television in the United States on HBO on April 24, 2015.
 The documentary chronicles the life of Kurt Cobain from his birth in Aberdeen, Washington in 1967, through his troubled early family life and teenage years and rise to fame as front man of Nirvana, up to his death in April 1994 in Seattle at the age of 27.
Glenn Frey Live is a live album by Glenn Frey, released in 1993.
Christiaan "Chris" Mostert is a Dutch saxophonist who has played with the Eagles during their "Farewell 1 Tour" in 2005.
 He is part of the horns the Mighty Horns .
 Besides his work with the Eagles, Mostert has also played on solo tours of Don Henley, Joe Walsh and Glenn Frey, and been he also been a member of the bands, Goose Creek Symphony, Pollution, Sylvester and the Hot Band .
 He also performed on three solo albums by Glenn Frey, "Soul Searchin'", "Strange Weather" and "After Hours".
 He also worked on the last studio album by the Eagles "Long Road Out of Eden".
On April 8, 1994, Kurt Cobain, the lead singer of the grunge band Nirvana, was found dead at his home, located at 171 Lake Washington Boulevard East in Seattle, Washington.
 Forensic analysis at the time determined he had killed himself on April 5.
 The Seattle Police Department incident report states: "Kurt Cobain was found with a shotgun across his body, had a visible head wound and there was a suicide note discovered nearby."
 The King County Medical Examiner noted puncture wounds on the inside of both the right and left elbow.
 Prior to his death, Cobain had checked out of a drug rehabilitation facility and had been reported as suicidal by his wife Courtney Love.
"New Kid in Town" is a song by the Eagles from their 1976 studio album "Hotel California".
 It was written by Don Henley, Glenn Frey and J.D. Souther.
 Released as the first single from the album, the song became a number-one hit in the US, and number 20 in the UK.
 The single version has an earlier fade-out than the album version.
 The song features Glenn Frey singing the lead vocals, with Don Henley singing main harmony vocals.
 Randy Meisner plays the guitarrón mexicano, Don Felder plays electric guitars, and Joe Walsh plays the electric piano and organ parts.
 The song won the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Arrangement for Two or More Voices.
Kurt Cobain Memorial Park, also called Kurt Cobain Landing, is the first official, full-scale memorial to Kurt Cobain in his hometown of Aberdeen, Washington.
 A welcome sign to the city, placed in 2005, more than ten years after Cobain's death, obliquely says "come as you are" but does not mention him by name and was the first official recognition of Cobain.
 The park, initially built in Felony Flats on city-owned land near his Aberdeen home in 2011, and maintained by local volunteers as Kurt Cobain Landing, was adopted by the city of Aberdeen in 2015, 20 years after his death.
 As recently as 2011, a motion not to rename the adjacent Young Street Bridge after Cobain was applauded at a city council meeting.
