The Lynyrd Skynyrd Tribute Tour was a tour that was undertaken to pay tribute to the original band members who died in a plane crash in 1977.
 The tour began in the fall of 1987, in honor of the 10-year anniversary of the plane crash.
 A number of surviving members reunited for the tour.
 Original members Gary Rossington, Billy Powell and Leon Wilkeson were joined by Ed King (original member who had left the band in 1975), Artimus Pyle (drummer at the time of the plane crash), Randall Hall and Johnny Van Zant.
Heather Penney is the director of United States Air Force Air Superiority at Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company.
 She is best known for her role as a USAF lieutenant who was one of two pilots ordered to ram and down United Airlines Flight 93 before it reached Washington, DC, during the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
Omar Mohammed Ali Rezaq (born 1963) is the only surviving hijacker of EgyptAir Flight 648.
 He was a member of Abu Nidal.
 The plane was hijacked by a group of three people.
 The remaining two hijackers were killed, either during in-flight shooting with the plane's sky-marshal, Methad Mustafa Kamal, or after Egyptian commandos stormed the hijacked plane.
"The plane crash" is a storyline from the Australian television soap opera "Neighbours" that began on 24 October 2005 when an aeroplane, carrying several characters, crashed in Bass Strait after a bomb was detonated during the journey.
 The storyline aired as part of the show's 20th anniversary and would be the catalyst for several major storylines that aired the following year.
 "The plane crash" also saw the departures of three established characters; David (Kevin Harrington), Liljana (Marcella Russo) and Serena Bishop (Lara Sacher).
 The actors' departures had been announced in May 2005, but it was not confirmed they would depart during "The plane crash" until their last scenes aired.
Flying Officer Raimund Sanders Draper saved the lives of 650 students plus faculty in Sutton School in Hornchurch, Essex when his Spitfire plane's engine died and the plane went into a spin short of the nearby airfield on 24 March 1943 during the Second World War.
 He deliberately crashed the plane to avoid hitting the school.
 To do this, he did not jump from his plane, but was killed in the crash.
 The school was renamed in his honour to Sanders Draper School in 1973 on the 30th anniversary of the crash, until 2014, when the school was renamed again, to Sanders School.
 Draper was an American serving as a Spitfire pilot in the RAF.
Southern by the Grace of God is a live album by southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, this live concert was a tribute by Lynyrd Skynyrd to the members of the band who had died in the 1977 plane crash.
 The plane crash killed frontman Ronnie Van Zant, guitarist Steve Gaines, backing vocalist Cassie Gaines and road manager Dean Kilpatrick.
 This is the first album produced by the band after the '77 plane crash.
 The band's lineup was re-worked into a second-generation Skynyrd.
 The changes include: Johnny Van Zant, younger brother of Ronnie Van Zant, taking over on vocals, Ed King, who departed the band during a 1975 tour and Randall Hall, who replaced the paralyzed Allen Collins.
 The three (King, Hall along with founding member Gary Rossington) re-form the famous triple-lead guitar attack of the original band.
 New background vocalists Carol Bristow and Dale Krantz-Rossington were added to take the place of the original Honkettes.
El Al Flight 253, was a Boeing 707 en route from Tel Aviv, Israel, to New York City, United States when it was attacked by two Palestinian terrorists as it was about to depart from a layover in Athens, Greece on December 26, 1968.
 One passenger, Israeli Leon Shirdan, 50, of Haifa, a marine engineer, was shot dead.
 He was survived by his wife and then 15-year-old daughter.
 Two unidentified women were injured, one by a bullet, the other as she leaped from the jet when the door was opened.
 The two terrorists were 19-year-old Naheb H. Suleiman, born in Tripoli, Libya, of Palestinian parents, and 25-year-old Mahmoud Mohammad Issa Mohammad, born in 1943 in Palestine.
 They were members of the Lebanese-based militant organization Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine The two Arabs dashed out of the transit lounge of Athens Airport just as the Israeli plane, parked 200 yards away, was preparing to take off.
 The plane had flown in earlier from Tel Aviv.
 Mahmoud Mohammed Issa Mohammed fired at the plane for more than a minute with a submachine gun, killing one; while the other threw two hand grenades, creating panic aboard the plane carrying 10 crew members and 41 passengers.
 The two men were taken into custody by Greek authorities.
 Mahmoud Mohammed Issa Mohammad, was sentenced to 17 years and 5 months behind bars.
 He was freed after less than 4 months after another Palestinian terrorist group hijacked a Greek airliner and demanded his release.
 Subsequently he successfully hid his terrorist past and emigrated to Canada.
 Once Canadian authorities learned of his crime, a protracted extradition process culminated in his extradition to Lebanon in 2013.
The LeRoy W. Homer Jr.
 Foundation is a national 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in memory of First Officer LeRoy W. Homer Jr..
 LeRoy Homer was the co-pilot of United Airlines Flight #93, which crashed in Shanksville, Pennsylvania on September 11, 2001.
 The flight recordings revealed that Dahl and Homer survived the initial attack and were still alive after the hijackers took over the plane.
 It is believed that Dahl and Homer took actions to interfere with the hijackers, including disengaging the autopilot just before the hijackers took over in order to prevent them from setting the plane's target coordinates for Washington, D.C., and switching the output of the pilots' microphones from the cabin address speakers to the radio transmitter so that Jarrah's attempts to communicate with the passengers would instead be heard by air traffic controllers.
 After learning of the earlier crashes at the thumb|right|World Trade CenterMelodie and the Pentagon, the crew and passengers attempted to foil the hijacking and reclaim the aircraft.
 Meanwhile, the hijackers were not able to disengage the autopilot.
 Dahl continued to struggle in the cockpit, refusing to allow a hijacker to deactivate the autopilot so he could fly the plane manually.
 The hijackers were heard to say "Inform them, and tell him to talk to the pilot; bring back the pilot", possibly referring toLaurel Homer (CVR transcripts).
 However, the uprising of crew and passengers took place and during the attempt the plane crashed into a field in Stonycreek Township, Pennsylvania2002.
 The crash killed everyone on board.
 Before the plane went down, she says, he had regained consciousness and was part of the final attack that forced the plane to abort its intended target, which was somewhere in Washington, D.C., and crash.ref>]]
Pan Am Flight 73, a Pan American World Airways Boeing 747-121, was hijacked on September 5, 1986, while on the ground at Karachi, Pakistan, by four armed Palestinian men of the Abu Nidal Organization.
 The aircraft, with 360 passengers on board, had just arrived from Sahar International Airport in Mumbai, India, and was preparing to depart Jinnah International Airport in Karachi for Frankfurt Airport in Frankfurt am Main, West Germany, ultimately continuing on to John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City, United States.
 A June 2001 grand jury charged that the militants were planning to use the hijacked plane to pick up Palestinian prisoners in both Cyprus and Israel.
Andy Tyson (October 15, 1968 – April 10, 2015) was an American businessman, writer, and mountaineer who died in April 2015 in a small plane crash, at the age of 46.
 At the time of his death he was working for the company Creative Energies.
 He died with several others in a plane crash at Diamond D ranch in the U.S. State of Idaho.
 The plane was a Cessna T210M and it crashed in Custer County, Idaho.
 (see Cessna 210) In the crash investigation it was noted that wind currents in Mountain areas can push small planes around.
 A candlelight vigil to mourn the lost gathered 600 people in the locality.
 The fund had the goal of raising 100 thousand USD to help those in underdeveloped areas near climbing areas, develop mountaineering skills.
