The Ferris-Haggerty Mine Site was one of the richest components of the Grand Encampment Mining District in Carbon County, Wyoming.
 The site was first exploited by Ed Haggerty, a prospector from Whitehaven, England, in 1897 when he established the Rudefeha Mine on a rich deposit of copper ore.
 Haggerty was backed by George Ferris and other investors, of whom all but Ferris dropped out.
 The partners sold an interest to Willis George Emerson, who raised investment funding for improvements to the mine.
 These facilities included a 16 mi aerial tramway from Grand Encampment over the Continental Divide to the in Encampment.
 The mine's assets were eventually acquired by the North American Copper Company for $1 million.
 By 1904 the mine had produced $1.4 million in copper ore, and was sold to the Penn-Wyoming Copper Company.
 However, even with copper prices peaking in 1907, the company had difficulty making a profit from the remote mine site.
 The company was over-capitalized and under-insured and was suffered devastating fires at the mine site in March 1906 and May 1907 which halted production.
 Business disputes and a fall in copper prices prevented re-opening of the mine even after it was rebuilt.
 Machinery was salvaged after a foreclosure in 1913.
 A total of $2 million in copper ore was extracted from the mine during its life.
The Beaulieu Mine was a post-World War II gold mining operation near Yellowknife, Northwest Territories.
 It entered production in October 1947, but by the end of November only 7 troy ounces (220 g) of rough gold were recovered.
 Additional gold was recovered during 1948, but altogether the mine recovered only 30 troy ounces (930 g) of fine gold.
 The operation folded in chaos and bankruptcy.
The McIntyre mine is an abandoned underground gold mine in Schumacher, Ontario, Canada, which has earned a place in Canadian mining history as one of the nation's most important mines.
 Its iconic headframe, located near downtown Timmins, has come to represent the entire Porcupine Gold Rush.
 The McIntyre also yielded a considerable amount of copper over its life.
In World War II, the United States Navy needed a vessel that could consistently locate mines in [foreign or domestic?]
 or littoral waters.
 Littoral waters are found between the shore line and waters 60 meters deep.
 The Accentor-class minesweeper (sometimes called the Accentor/Acme-class minesweeper) was developed for this task.
 This class of minesweeper was named after the Accentor bird, Prunella modularis.
 This bird is endemic to Europe, Asia, and North Africa which is the area that World War II occurred.
 The bird is a drab brown and gray color and is in the same family as warblers and thrushes.
 The Accentor-class mine sweeper was designed for the sweeping of mines in harbors, bays, and other littoral waters.
 The Accentor-class minesweeper had a wooden hull for three reasons.
 The first was that some of the mines that the Accentor-class minesweeper was trying to detect were detonated by a copper wire coming out of the top of the mine that is used to detect the magnetic field that is produced by the metal hulls of most ships; when the wire senses a magnetic field, it detonates the mine.
 Minesweepers use wooden hulls because wood is a non-magnetic material, unlike steel, and would not set off this type of mine.
 The second is that wooden hulls were lighter than metal hulls.
 This caused them to float higher in the water, which made them displace less water and have a smaller pressure wave, so pressure mines would not be set off by the movement of the ship.
 Lastly, due to the ship floating higher in the water, contact mines were not effective because they were often around 20 feet below the surface of the water, and the draft of this class of ship was between 8 feet 11 inches and 10 feet 8 inches.
 Typically, the Accentor-class minesweepers were armed with a pair of .50 caliber machine guns for protection.
 Rather than creating new minesweeping vessels, forty-five wooden-hulled fishing boats were converted into Accentor-class minesweepers.
 This saved the Navy both time and money.
 Since these converted fishing boats were not all the same, their specifications do vary a bit.
 The converted fishing boats had a displacement from 165 to 270 tons of water.
 They had speeds from 8.5 up to 14 knots and crews from as small as 15 up to 50.
Mining is important to the national economy of Mongolia.
 Coal, copper, and gold are the principal reserves mined in Mongolia.
 Several gold mines are located about 110 km north of Ulaanbaatar, such as Boroo Gold Mine and Gatsuurt Gold Mine.
 Khotgor Coal Mine is an open-pit coal mining site about 120 km west of Ulaangom.
 Ömnögovi Province in the south of Mongolia is home to large scale mining projects such as the Tavan Tolgoi coal mine and the Oyu Tolgoi copper mine.
 Oyu Tolgoi mine is reported to have the potential to boost the national economy by a third but is subject to dispute over how the profits should be shared.
 The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has estimated that 71 percent of the income from the mine would go to Mongolia.
Candente Copper Corp. is a Canadian mining company specialising in metals such as gold, silver, copper and zinc.
 It is active in Mexico and Peru.
 The company is headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia.
 Candente owns the Cañariaco Norte mine deposit, a large copper deposit in northern Peru estimated to contain 7.5 billion lbs of copper (Measured and Indicated at 0.45% Cu cutoff).
 Candente estimates that the mine will yield 75,000 tonnes per day with a minimum life of nineteen years.
 In September 2008, Candente announced plans to mine up to 1.43 million ounces of gold and 36.5 million ounces of silver from Cañariaco Norte.
The McIntyre Community Building was constructed in Timmins, Ontario, Canada in 1938 by McIntyre Mines owner J. P. Bickell.
 At the time, it was one of the finest recreational centres in Canada outside of a major centre.
The Corocoro United Copper Mines, Ltd. was the largest copper mine in Bolivia, an honor previously held by Compania Corocoro de Bolivia.
 The corporate office was at 151 Finsbury Pavement House, London, England, while the mine office was at Coro Coro, Bolivia.
 It was organized August 6, 1909 under the laws of Great Britain.
 The lands included 515 claims in the Coro Coro district.
 The principal mines were the Wisk'achani, formerly owned by J. K. Child & Co., Ltd.; the Santa Rosa, formerly owned by Carreras Hermanos; and the Guallatiri, formerly owned by the Succession Noel Berthin.
 The mines were opened on two successive conglomerate strata of different geological horizons, and similar only in their origin and cupriferous nature.
 The mines are believed to have been worked by the Incas.
 The nearest water supply was the Rio Desaguadero, 14 miles away, down which the copper was shipped by way of Puerto de Desaguadero, and from there to Mollendo, Chile, for export to Europe.
The Bingham Canyon Mine, more commonly known as Kennecott Copper Mine among locals, is an open-pit mining operation extracting a large porphyry copper deposit southwest of Salt Lake City, Utah, in the Oquirrh Mountains.
 The mine is the largest man-made excavation in the world and is considered to have produced more copper than any other mine in history – more than 19 million tonnes.
 The mine is owned by Rio Tinto Group, a British-Australian multinational corporation.
 The copper operations at Bingham Canyon Mine are managed through Kennecott Utah Copper Corporation which operates the mine, a concentrator plant, a smelter, and a refinery.
 The mine has been in production since 1906, and has resulted in the creation of a pit over 0.6 mi deep, 2.5 mi wide, and covering 1,900 acre .
 It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1966 under the name Bingham Canyon Open Pit Copper Mine.
 The mine experienced a massive landslide in April 2013 and a smaller slide in September 2013.
Nkana is a section of the city of Kitwe, Copperbelt Province, Zambia which started off in the early part of the 20th century as a railway station to support the growing complex of copper mining operations.
 It was named after Chief Nkana, the local traditional ruler.
 The copper mines of Nkana (South Ore Body, Nkana Mine and Mindola Shaft) were originally owned by the Anglo-American Corporation of South Africa.
 A large smelter was built at the site of the Nkana Mine.
 The mines in Nkana were among the largest copper mines in the world employing in excess of 20,000 people.
 The city of Kitwe grew up as a service town for the Nkana mines but soon swallowed them up and the city is known as Kitwe, although the name Kitwe-Nkana is still sometimes used.
