A Cry Farewell is an American rap metal/nu metal band formed in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2009.
 The band's musical style evolved from a hard rock sound to more of a rap metal sound by the following year.
 Following the release of "The Offering" and hit single "Nothing Left" in 2010, the band was featured by The New Review as one of the fastest rising hard rock acts in the nation.
 Since their formation, they've completed a national tour with Digital Summer and Universal/Republic records artist 10 Years, released a 5 track EP entitled "The Offering", and have had 3 of their songs ("Nothing Left", "Open My Eyes" and "The Road") appear on numerous national radio stations, including Sirius XM Radio.
 "The Offering" was produced by grammy nominated producer Travis Wyrick (P.O.D., 10 Years, Disciple), who also produced their brand new full length album "The War Goes On" which came out on December 20, 2011.
This is a list of rivers in the US state of Alabama.
 Alabama has over 77,000 miles of rivers and streams with more freshwater biodiversity than any other US state.
 Alabama's rivers are among the most biologically diverse waterways in the world.
 38% of North America's fish species, 43% of its freshwater gill-breathing snails, 51% of its freshwater turtle species, and 60% of its freshwater mussel species are native to Alabama's rivers.
Humberto Leal García, Jr. (January 16, 1973 – July 7, 2011) was a Mexican inmate on death row in the US state of Texas for the May 21, 1994, rape, torture, and murder of Adria Sauceda in San Antonio.
 Despite calls from US President Barack Obama, the US State Department and Mexico on Texas for a last-minute reprieve, Leal was executed by lethal injection as scheduled on July 7, 2011.
Breaking Point is a 2012 album by rock group Digital Summer.
 All songs on Breaking Point were written and co-produced by Digital Summer.
 The album was recorded and mixed at VuDu Studios in Port Jefferson, NY, with highly acclaimed producers Mike Watts and Steve Haigler.
 Assistant audio engineering duties were performed by Tom Flynn and Tom Happle of VuDu Studios.
 All tracks were mastered by Mike Bozzi at Bernie Grundman Mastering in Hollywood, CA.
After Hours: Unplugged & Rewired is the first acoustic album from Arizona rock band Digital Summer.
 Being an unplugged rendition of their three studio albums, the album, which includes two new tracks ("This City" and "Demons"), was released on October 8, 2013.
Digital Summer is an American hard rock band from Phoenix, Arizona, formed in 2006.
 The band has released three studio albums, "Cause and Effect" (2007) "Counting the Hours" (2010) and "Breaking Point" (2012).
 Additionally, in 2013, the band released "", which contained acoustic reinterpretations of songs from their first three albums.
 The band has had six singles break into major radio airplay, including multiple charting singles on Active Rock radio, as a completely independent artist.
Cause and Effect is the first studio album by hard rock five piece Digital Summer.
 It was released on March 8, 2007, and features the single "Whatever it Takes".
Greater Boston is the metropolitan region of New England encompassing the municipality of Boston, the capital of the US state of Massachusetts, and the most populous city in New England, as well as its surrounding areas.
 The region forms the northern arc of the US northeast megalopolis and as such, Greater Boston can be described as either a metropolitan statistical area (MSA), or as a broader combined statistical area (CSA).
 The MSA consists of most of the eastern third of Massachusetts, excluding the South Coast region and Cape Cod; while the CSA additionally includes the municipalities of Manchester (the largest city in the US state of New Hampshire), Providence (the capital and largest city of the US state of Rhode Island), Worcester, Massachusetts (the second largest city in New England), as well as the South Coast region and Cape Cod in Massachusetts.
Counting the Hours is the second full-length studio album by hard rock five piece Digital Summer.
 It was released on May 11, 2010, and features the singles "Just Run" and "Playing the Saint."
Hollow is an EP/DVD release from hard rock five piece Digital Summer.
 It was released on March 31, 2008, and featured the single "Rescue Me".
