Kentucky Synod was a synod of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America established in the late 18th century.
 As a body, Kentucky Synod was a great deal more conservative than the Presbyterian Church as a whole — especially in its opposition to many aspects of the Second Great Awakening, a revival movement that thrived in Kentucky from about 1798 to about 1820.
 Synod suspended or deposed a number of revivalist Presbyterian ministers, but these men continued to preach to their former congregations.
 Eventually, Barton W. Stone, who abandoned Washington Presbytery in 1803, formed Springfield Presbytery, which eventually became the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).
 In 1810, ministers from the former Cumberland Presbytery, which had been dissolved by Synod five years earlier, left the church and created an independent presbytery which became the Cumberland Presbyterian Church.
The Second Great Awakening was a Protestant religious revival during the early 19th century in the United States.
 The movement began around 1790, gained momentum by 1800 and, after 1820, membership rose rapidly among Baptist and Methodist congregations whose preachers led the movement.
 It was past its peak by the late 1850s.
 The Second Great Awakening reflected Romanticism characterized by enthusiasm, emotion, and an appeal to the super-natural.
 It rejected the skeptical rationalism and deism of the Enlightenment.
The United Methodist Church (UMC) is a mainline Protestant denomination, and a major part of Methodism.
 In the 19th century, its main predecessor—the Methodist Church—was a leader in Evangelicalism.
 It was founded in 1968 in Dallas, Texas, United States, by union of the Methodist Church and the Evangelical United Brethren Church.
 The UMC traces its roots back to the revival movement of John and Charles Wesley in England as well as the Great Awakening in the United States.
 As such, the church's theological orientation is decidedly Wesleyan.
 It embraces both liturgical and evangelical elements.
 It has a connectional polity, a typical feature of a number of Methodist denominations.
This is a list of Methodist churches in the United States.
 It includes notable churches either where a church means a congregation (in the New Testament definition) or where a church means a building (in the colloquial sense).
 It also includes campgrounds and conference centers and retreats that are significant Methodist gathering places, including a number of historic sites of camp meetings. Methodism was founded with a large component being a rejection of past churches and was developed by John Wesley and others in large open-air gatherings in Great Britain.
 In the United States, Methodists (along with Baptists and other Protestants) were major participants in the Second Great Awakening wherein people would travel from a large area to a particular site to camp out, listen to itinerant preachers, and pray.
 The list also includes selected notable Methodist theological buildings.
Bishop was born on September 29, 1760 in Stamford, Connecticut, United States.
 In 1779, according to Shaker Elder Henry C. Blinn, Bishop became interested in a "religious revival", just around a decade before the beginning of the Second Great Awakening.
 He later recorded an account of his experiences and conversion to Shakerism, writing:"I entered fully into the spirit of the work and received great light.
 Although zealous prayers and religious exercises often had the effect to produce spiritual impressions, yet they were not permanent, and left me a subject to temptations.
 We passed the winter exhorting each other to faithfulness, while we anxiously waited for the accomplishment of the prophetic spirit of the revival.In the spring of 1780 we learned of a people near the city of Albany, NY, who were reported to have received a singular kind of religion, and that they possessed a large degree of divine light and spiritual power.
 Many went out to see them and returned fully persuaded that they were the true witnesses of God.
 The work increased and I felt a great desire to satisfy myself concerning these strangers and their religion.In June, in company with several others, I made them a visit.
 We arrived on Saturday evening and remained till Monday.
 We attended their meetings.
 The singing was inspiring, the speaking powerful and heart-searching.
 The wisdom of their instruction, the purity of their doctrine, and the Christ-like simplicity of their deportment all reminded me of the apostolic faith.
 I saw that the work was of God, and my salvation depended upon it.The cross that was before me was an evidence of the spirit of the testimony.
 On the one hand, the prospects of the world were flattering to my mind.
 I was in the prime of life and in the vigor of health.
 My reputation was fair, and my hopes not unpromising.On the other hand, religion had been my pursuit.
 The revival had raised my hopes and directed my faith to a greater and more glorious work.
 I subsequently made another visit and was received with kindness.
 I confessed my sins to God, and with a fixed resolution accepted the cross of Christ.
 I was now taught to rectify every wrong that I had committed, to forsake all sin and to take up a daily cross. "
 I also became better acquainted with Mother Ann and the Elders who were with her, and am a witness of the purity of life which they constantly maintained.
 The doctrine they taught was strictly conformable to the precepts and example of Jesus Christ.
 By obeying their instruction I experienced the truth of their testimony.
 I was blessed with heavenly visions and felt my faith established on a sure foundation.I visited Mother Ann and the Elders many times at Watervliet, Harvard, Ashfield, Hancock, and New Lebanon, and freely associated with all the leading members of the Society.
 To my great satisfaction I have seen that the principles which were first taught by Mother Ann have been faithfully kept by her successors."
Thomas Campbell (1 February 1763 – 4 January 1854) was a Presbyterian minister who became a prominent reformer during the Second Great Awakening of the United States.
 Born in County Down, he began a religious reform movement on the American frontier.
 He was joined in the work by his son, Alexander.
 Their movement, known as the "Disciples of Christ", merged in 1832 with the similar movement led by Barton W. Stone to form what is now described as the American Restoration Movement (also known as the Stone-Campbell Restoration Movement).
The Fourth Great Awakening was a Christian religious awakening that some scholars — most notably economic historian Robert Fogel — say took place in the United States in the late 1960s and early 1970s, while others look at the era following World War II.
 The terminology is controversial, with many historians believing the religious changes that took place in the US during these years were not equivalent to those of the first three great awakenings.
 Thus, the idea of a Fourth Great Awakening itself has not been generally accepted.
The evangelical revival in Scotland was a series of religious movements in Scotland from the eighteenth century, with periodic revivals into the twentieth century.
 It began in the later 1730s as congregations experienced intense "awakenings" of enthusiasm, renewed commitment and rapid expansion.
 This was first seen at Easter Ross in the Highlands in 1739 and most famously in the Cambuslang Wark near Glasgow in 1742.
 Most of the new converts were relatively young and from the lower groups in society.
 Unlike awakenings elsewhere, the early revival in Scotland did not give rise to a major religious movement, but mainly benefited the secession churches, who had broken away from the Church of Scotland.
 In the late eighteenth century and early nineteenth century the revival entered a second wave, known in the US as the Second Great Awakening.
 In Scotland this was reflected in events like the Kilsyth Revival in 1839.
 The early revival mainly spread in the Central Belt, but it became active in the Highlands and Islands, peaking towards the middle of the nineteenth century.
 Scotland gained many of the organisations associated with the revival in England, including Sunday Schools, mission schools, ragged schools, Bible societies and improvement classes.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (known as the LDS Church or, informally, the Mormon Church) is a Christian restorationist church that is considered by its members to be the restoration of the original church founded by Jesus Christ.
 The church is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, and has established congregations and built temples worldwide.
 According to the church, it has over 70,000 missionaries and a membership of over 15 million.
 It is ranked by the National Council of Churches as the fourth-largest Christian denomination in the United States.
 It is the largest denomination in the Latter Day Saint movement founded by Joseph Smith during the period of religious revival known as the Second Great Awakening.
Rev. James McGready (1763–1817) was a Presbyterian minister and a revivalist during the Second Great Awakening in the United States of America.
 He was one of the most important figures of the Second Great Awakening in the American frontier.
