Don Sherwood (September 7, 1925 – November 6, 1983) was an American radio personality.
 He was a San Francisco, California, disc jockey during the 1950s and 1960s.
 Billed as "The World's Greatest Disc Jockey," Sherwood spent most of his career hosting a 6-9 a.m. weekday program on KSFO in San Francisco (560 kHz, 5000 watts), which was then owned by the singing cowboy actor Gene Autry.
At Your Request was an Australian television daytime series which aired from 1958 to 1959.
 The series aired on Tuesdays at 2:30PM on Melbourne station HSV-7, and was hosted by baritone Charles Skase, who was also known as a radio personality.
 Information on this series is scarce.
 The series presented requested songs, but it is not clear how these songs were presented (such as whether it was a disc jockey series like "TV Disc Jockey", a lip-sync series like "Hit Parade", or a live music series like "Sweet and Low").
 The archival status of the series is also not known, although being a daytime series aired in a single city means it is unlikely (though not impossible) that kinescope recordings exist of it.
Lin Brehmer (born August 19, 1954) is a disc jockey and radio personality at WXRT in Chicago, Illinois.
 Brehmer has been serving as the morning-drive slot disc jockey since 1991.
It launched in December 2003 and distribution was limited to select cable companies.
 As of May 31, 2006, XY.tv has ceased operations, and is no longer broadcasting.
 It was wholly owned by American radio personality John Garabedian.
WHYA (101.1 FM)—branded Y101—is a CodComm, Inc. owned commercial FM radio station licensed to Mashpee, Massachusetts.
 The station's studios are in downtown Hyannis and its transmitter is located in Barnstable.
 It serves the Cape Cod radio market with a pop/CHR format with a rhythmic lean.
 WHYA airs the nationally syndicated Open House Party on Saturday and Sunday nights.
 Station owner John Garabedian, hosted Open House Party until January 2017.
Big Wilson (born Malcolm John Wilson, Jr.; October 3, 1924 – October 5, 1989) was an American radio personality.
 He worked as a disc jockey at WNBC AM in New York City from the early 1960s until 1974 and moved to Miami in 1975 where he worked for WIOD and WCIX-TV.
 He was one of the last two hosts of the NBC network program Monitor.
 Prior to moving to NYC, Wilson and his wife Jody lived in a riverfront home in Rocky River, Ohio.
 He commuted to Cleveland where he was the leading radio personality for some years.
 Tim Conway and other well-known persons visited their home.
A radio personality (American English) or radio presenter (British English), commonly referred to as a "disc jockey" or "DJ" for short, is a person who has an on-air position in radio broadcasting.
 A radio personality that hosts a radio show is also known as a radio host, and in India and Pakistan as a radio jockey.
 Radio personalities who introduce and play individual selections of recorded music are known as disc jockeys.
 The term has evolved to also describe a person who mixes a continuous flow of recorded music in real time.
 Broadcast radio personalities may include talk radio hosts, AM/FM radio show hosts, and satellite radio program hosts.
 Notable radio personalities include pop music radio hosts Martin Block, Alan Freed, Dick Clark, Delilah Luke, Ameen Sayani, Wolfman Jack, and Casey Kasem, shock jocks such as Don Imus and Howard Stern, as well as sports talk hosts such as Mike Francesa and political talk hosts such as Rush Limbaugh.
Open House Party (most of the time, shortened to OHP) is an American radio show hosted on Saturday and Sunday nights by Kannon, who also hosts the afternoon drive slot on 102.9 Now.
 The show promotes itself as "the Biggest Party on the Planet".
 It focuses on playing contemporary hit radio (CHR) music, also known as Top 40.
 The show differentiates itself from most Top 40 because it plays a high rotation of remixes.
 Unlike most radio stations or programs, every song played on OHP is by a listener request, rather than computer systems automatically inserting songs that may not even be popular anyways.
 The show started in 1987, and was hosted by John Garabedian from September 1987 to January 2017.
 Garabedian created the show, and hosted both Saturday and Sunday nights for a long period of time.
 Open House Party is broadcast on more than 50 stations around the world.
John H. Garabedian is an American radio personality and disc jockey born on December 20, 1941 (age 75).
 He is best known as the creator and former long-time host of "Open House Party".
 He has been involved in Massachusetts radio and television stations for over fifty years.
 Garabedian currently owns three homes, all in New England: one in Southborough, Massachusetts, another on Cape Cod, and a cabin-like home in Cabot, Vermont.
Gary Sinclair (born 1952 in Ada, Oklahoma), known professionally as Michael Gary “M.G.” Kelly and Machine Gun Kelly, is an American actor, disc jockey and radio personality.
 In addition to hosting several radio programs over the years, Kelly has held several acting roles as a disc jockey; also, he has served as an offstage announcer on two game shows.
