Frank West Rollins (February 24, 1860 – October 27, 1915) was an American lawyer, banker, and Republican politician from Concord, New Hampshire.
 His father, Edward H. Rollins, had represented New Hampshire in the United States Senate.
 Frank served New Hampshire in the state's Senate (as its president in 1895) and as governor.
 Rollins and others founded the Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests in 1901, a private organization to protect the forests now known as the "Forest Society."
 A shelter was built in his honor at Lost River in Kinsman Notch, New Hampshire in 1912, and remains there.
 As Governor of New Hampshire, he invented and founded "Old Home Week" intended to remind New Hampshiremen to return to their hometowns.
 This was in response to the large numbers of people moving to the Midwest (Minnesota in particular) because of the slow economy in the northeast at the time.
 He and his father started the investment banking firm of E.H. Rollins and Sons, which became one of the largest in the country by the crash of 1929.
 After the crash, it was very diminished and finally closed in the 1940s.
 New research shows that Rollins and Senator John Weeks collaborated on the founding of the National Forest Act of 1911, signed by the President William Howard Taft.
Greater Boston is the metropolitan region of New England encompassing the municipality of Boston, the capital of the US state of Massachusetts, and the most populous city in New England, as well as its surrounding areas.
 The region forms the northern arc of the US northeast megalopolis and as such, Greater Boston can be described as either a metropolitan statistical area (MSA), or as a broader combined statistical area (CSA).
 The MSA consists of most of the eastern third of Massachusetts, excluding the South Coast region and Cape Cod; while the CSA additionally includes the municipalities of Manchester (the largest city in the US state of New Hampshire), Providence (the capital and largest city of the US state of Rhode Island), Worcester, Massachusetts (the second largest city in New England), as well as the South Coast region and Cape Cod in Massachusetts.
New Hampshire is a state located in the Northeastern United States.
 This is a list of the 221 towns and 13 cities in the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
 New Hampshire is organized along the New England town model, where the state is nearly completely incorporated and divided into towns, some of which the state has designated as "cities".
 For each town/city, the table lists the county to which it belongs, its date of incorporation, its population according to the 2010 census, its form of government, and its principal villages.
 Cities are indicated in boldface.
 Cities and towns are treated identically under state law.
 Cities are just towns that dropped the town meeting form of government in favor of a city form by special act of the New Hampshire General Court.
 However, since 1979, changing the form of governance no longer confers city status.
 Towns may drop the town meeting by local vote and adopt a new charter for a representative government, such as a council-manager form, and retain their status as a town.
 Several of the higher-population towns have already done so.
John William King (October 10, 1918 – August 9, 1996) was an American lawyer, jurist, and Democratic politician from Manchester, New Hampshire.
 He received his law degree from Columbia Law School in 1943.
 He practiced law in Manchester and served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
 In 1962 he was elected Governor of New Hampshire, becoming only the third Democratic Governor of the Granite State in 88 years, and the first since Fred Herbert Brown lost the 1924 election.
 After his three terms as Governor of New Hampshire, he served on the New Hampshire Supreme Court from 1979, and as its Chief Justice from 1981 until 1986.
The December 2010 North American blizzard was a major nor'easter and historic blizzard affecting the Contiguous United States and portions of Canada from December 5–29, 2010.
 From January 4–15, the system was known as "Windstorm Benjamin" in Europe.
 It was the first significant winter storm of the 2010–11 North American winter storm season and the fifth North American blizzard of 2010.
 The storm system affected the northeast megalopolis, which includes major cities such as Norfolk, Philadelphia, Newark, New York City, Hartford, Providence, and Boston.
 The storm brought between 12 and of snow in many of these areas.
Manchester is the largest city in the U.S. state of New Hampshire, the eleventh largest city in New England, and as of 2016 the largest city in northern New England, an area comprising the states of Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont.
 As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 109,565, and its estimated 2016 population was 110,506.
 It is located in Hillsborough County along the banks of the Merrimack River, which divides the city into eastern and western sections.
 Manchester is near the northern end of the Northeast megalopolis.
 It was first named by the merchant and inventor Samuel Blodget (after whom Samuel Blodget Park and Blodget Street in Manchester's North End are named).
 Blodget's vision was to create a great industrial center similar to that of the original Manchester in England, which was the world's first industrialized city.
The Northeast megalopolis (also Boston–Washington Corridor or Bos-Wash Corridor) is the most heavily urbanized region of the United States, running primarily northeast to southwest from the northern suburbs of Boston, Massachusetts, to the southern suburbs of Washington, D.C., in Northern Virginia.
 It includes the major cities of Boston, Providence, Hartford, New York City, Philadelphia, Wilmington, Baltimore, and Washington, D.C., along with their metropolitan areas and suburbs as well as many smaller urban centers.
Baltimore County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland.
 It is Maryland's third-most populous county.
 Baltimore County is part of the Baltimore metropolitan area and Baltimore-Washington metropolitan area (a combined statistical area).
 The county is also part of the Northeast Megalopolis, which stretches from Boston to Washington, D.C. It hosts a diversified economy, with particular emphasis on government, education and health care.
The Delaware Valley is the valley through which the Delaware River flows.
 By extension, this toponym is commonly used to refer to Greater Philadelphia or Philadelphia metropolitan area ("the [Lower] Delaware Valley Metropolitan Area"), which straddles the Lower Delaware River just north of its estuary.
 The Delaware Valley Metropolitan Area is located at the southern part of the Northeast megalopolis and as such, the Delaware Valley can be described as either a metropolitan statistical area (MSA), or as a broader combined statistical area (CSA).
 The Delaware Valley Metropolitan Area is composed of several counties in southeastern Pennsylvania and southwestern New Jersey, one county in northern Delaware and one county in northeastern Maryland.
 The MSA has a population of over 6 million, while the CSA has a population of over 7.1 million (as of the 2010 Census Bureau count).
 Philadelphia, being the region's major commercial, cultural, and industrial center, wields a rather large sphere of influence that affects the counties that immediately surround it.
The Northeast Corridor (NEC) is an electrified railway line in the Northeast megalopolis of the United States.
 Owned primarily by Amtrak, it runs from Boston through Providence, New York City, Philadelphia, and Baltimore to Washington, D.C..
 The NEC closely parallels Interstate 95 for most of its length, and is the busiest passenger rail line in the United States by ridership and service frequency as of 2013.
 Branches to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and Springfield, Massachusetts, though not considered part of the Northeast Corridor, see frequent service from routes that run largely on the corridor.
