Shady Lady is a 1945 romantic comedy directed by George Waggner and starring Charles Coburn, Robert Paige, and Ginny Simms.
 Waggner originally wanted Susanna Foster for the film but she refused it.
 Ginny Simms sings floor show songs "Cuddle Up a Little Closer", "In Love With Love" and "Xango".
The Shady Lady Ranch was a legal brothel in Nevada – on U.S. Highway 95 about 31 mi north of Beatty – until its closure in 2014.
 It was known for challenging Nevada laws that prohibited the advertising of prostitution services, and that effectively banned male prostitution by requiring all such workers to receive regular cervical exams.
Shady Lady was a Consolidated B-24 Liberator aircraft that in August 1943 flew one of World War II's longest bombing missions, from Darwin in Australia to the oil refineries at Balikpapan in the East Kalimantan province on the island of Borneo, Indonesia.
Madcap society girl June Bolton has a talent for trouble.
 Trying to evade a subpoena in connection with one of her misadventures, she winds up in jail and has to be bailed out by the family attorney, Dick Clayton.
 But June is soon in trouble again, this time involved with a mob boss and a shady lady.
 Exasperated by his wealthy client's reckless escapades, Clayton determines to quit... until he realizes he has fallen in love.
Five Times August is the name of a solo music project by Dallas, Texas independent singer/songwriter/guitarist Brad Skistimas (b. August 5, 1983 in Lewisville, Texas).
 Every song off the album "The Independent (l.p.)" was placed on popular MTV programming like "".
 He is also the first unsigned act to get national distribution in Wal-Mart stores.
 Five Times August's album, "Brighter Side", was released on March 18, 2008, with further distribution at Best Buy, Border's, and FYE stores.
 His album, "Life as a Song", was released to iTunes on October 13, 2009, followed by further digital distribution on October 20 and finally on CD in Best Buy stores on October 27.
 The album consists of completely re-recorded versions of Five Times August songs from the previous two albums, including three new songs.
 Following the release of "Life as a Song," a series of digital singles were released in late 2010 and early 2011, one being a cover of the Carole King and Gerry Goffin written "Up on the Roof," originally made famous by The Drifters.
 Skistimas released an E.P. titled "Where Did I Go?"
 in January 2013 under a new side-project, Music By Bradley James.
Jesse Greer (August 26, 1896 – October 4, 1970 New York City) was an American Broadway songwriter.
 His musical "Shady Lady" was staged in 1933 with additional music by Sam H. Stept.
 Greer composed "Just You, Just Me" for the 1929 musical film "Marianne" with lyrics by Raymond Klages, as well as "Kitty from Kansas City", "Gonna Meet My Sweetie Now" and "Baby Blue Eyes".
"Shady Lady" was the Ukrainian entry for the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest.
 It was sung by Ani Lorak, composed by Philipp Kirkorov and written by Karen Kavaleryan.
 However, in Greece, around the time of the Contest, there were many rumors stating that popular composer Dimitris Kontopoulos had actually composed the song.
 Although his name was not credited during the Eurovision Song Contest performances, it was later confirmed that Kontopoulos was indeed a producer of the song.
Shabana Azmi (born 18 September 1950) is an Indian actress of film, television and theatre.
 The daughter of poet Kaifi Azmi and stage actress Shaukat Azmi, she is an alumna of Film and Television Institute of India of Pune.
 Azmi made her film debut in 1974 and soon became one of the leading actresses of Parallel Cinema, a Bengali new-wave movement known for its serious content and neo-realism and received government patronage during the times.
 Regarded as one of the finest actresses in India, Azmi's performances in films in a variety of genres have generally earned her praise and awards, which include a record of five wins of the National Film Award for Best Actress and several international honours.
 She has also received five Filmfare Awards, and was honored among "women in cinema" at the 30th International Film Festival of India.
 In 1988, the Government of India awarded her with Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian honour of the country.
"Shady Lady" is a 1970 Gene Pitney song written by Bo Gentry and Tony Lordi (of the Bel Aires), and produced by Gentry for Stateside Records.
 The single reached 29 in the UK.
Solntse (Russian: "Солнце"; English: "The Sun") is Ukrainian singer Ani Lorak eleventh studio album.
 The album features Lorak's Eurovision Song Contest 2008 entry "Shady Lady" as well as its Russian counterpart "С неба в небо".
 The album comes as a CD/DVD pack with the DVD featuring 5 videos.
