Edgar Eugene Roland, Jr. (born August 3, 1963) is an American musician, singer-songwriter and record producer.
 He is best known as the lead vocalist and primary songwriter of the rock band Collective Soul.
 He is also active with a new project, Ed Roland and the Sweet Tea Project.
Jordyn Jackson (born December 6, 1984) is an American vocalist, most recently known for her interpretations of jazz, blues, folk, and pop classics on her 2009 album "September in the Garden".
 The album was arranged and recorded in New Orleans at Better Than Ezra’s Fudge Recording Studio.
 The album was mixed by Shawn Grove at Edible Studios, the private recording studio of Ed Roland, lead singer and songwriter of Collective Soul.
"Smashing Young Man" is a song by the American band Collective Soul.
 It is the third single from their second studio album "Collective Soul".
 The song was written as an insult to Smashing Pumpkins lead singer, Billy Corgan, who accused Collective Soul of plagiarizing music.
Collective Soul is an American rock band originally from Stockbridge, Georgia.
 Now based in Atlanta, the group consists of lead vocalist Ed Roland, rhythm guitarist Dean Roland, bassist Will Turpin, drummer Johnny Rabb and lead guitarist Jesse Triplett.
Anthony J. Resta is an American record producer and musician.
 A multi-instrumentalist, he is a known for his use of vintage audio gear.
 He has earned twelve RIAA certified gold and multi-platinum awards and has been featured in many articles for his innovative recording techniques.
 Some of his past clients have included Duran Duran, Elton John, Needtobreathe, Collective Soul, Guster, Megadeth, Perry Farrell, Nuno Bettencourt, Andrea Surova, Lucia Moniz, Dale Bozzio, TV Mania, Shawn Mullins, Del Marquis of Scissor Sisters, Green River Ordinance, Sarah Evans, The Cinnamon Fuzz, New Collisions, Blondie, Boys Don't Cry, and The Making Of The Making Of.
Joey Huffman (born August 4, 1962) is an American musician.
 Primarily known as a keyboard and organ player, Huffman has performed with many artists, both in the studio and live.
 He was a member of Witness, Drivin' N Cryin', and the Georgia Satellites.
 Joey has recorded on over 125 records as a musician and producer/engineer during his career including Bowling for Soup's "A Hangover You Don't Deserve", Skinny Molly's "Here For A Good Time", Miranda Lambert' "Kerosene", Soul Asylum's "Let Your Dim Light Shine", "After the Flood: Live from Grand Forks Prom", "Black Gold: The Best of Soul Asylum" and "Silver Lining", Meat Puppets' "No Joke", Matchbox Twenty's "Live From Down Under" DVD, Butch Walker's "Letters", Cee-lo Green's "Cee-Lo Green and His Perfect Imperfections", Collective Soul's "Youth", Izzy Stradlin's "Miami", Blackberry Smoke's "New Honky Tonk Bootlegs" to name a few.
 He has also toured with Isaac Hayes (1989) Michelle Malone and Drag the River (1990-1991), The Georgia Satellites (1992-2004), Drivin N Cryin (1994-2006), Izzy Stradlin, (1993), Matchbox Twenty (1998), Soul Asylum (1993–1997).
 in 2008, he performed live with Lynyrd Skynyrd, filling-in for Billy Powell.
 He is currently a member of Hank Williams, Jr.'s touring band.
"The World I Know" is a song by American band Collective Soul, originally released on their 1995 eponymous album.
 Written by lead singer and guitarist Ed Roland and guitarist Ross Childress, "The World I Know" peaked at #19 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart when released as a single, and spent four weeks at the #1 spot on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Matt Serletic is an American record producer and music executive.
 As a teenager, Serletic joined a band with members of Collective Soul, a group for which he would later produce.
 Serletic has worked with several other popular bands and artists for Atlantic Records, including Matchbox Twenty, Cher, Blessid Union of Souls, Edwin McCain, Stacie Orrico, Taylor Hicks, Rob Thomas, and singer/songwriter Angie Aparo.
 Serletic worked with "American Idol" winner David Cook on his second studio album.
 He also preceded Jason Flom as chairman of Virgin Records, a position he held from 2002-2005.
 He also worked with Joe Cocker, writing and producing his album, "Hard Knocks".
Collective Soul are an American rock band originally formed in Stockbridge, Georgia, and now based in Atlanta.
 They have released nine studio albums.
September in the Garden is Jordyn Jackson's latest album, and re-envisions ten musical standards.
 It was recorded by Jacques Delatour and Jack Miele at Better Than Ezra's Fudge Recording Studio in New Orleans in September 2009.
 It was mixed by Shawn Grove at Edible Studios, the home studio of Ed Roland, lead singer and songwriter of Collective Soul and mastered by Glenn Schick at his studio in Atlanta.
 While this is Jackson's fifth album, it is the first to concentrate on jazz vocals where she truly has created "a sound that is all her own."
