Erna Flegel (11 July 1911 – 16 February 2006) was a German nurse.
 In late April 1945 she worked at the emergency casualty station at the Reich Chancellery in Berlin.
 She was captured in the Reich Chancellery by the Red Army on 2 May 1945.
Hawa Mahal (English translation: "Palace of winds" or "Palace of the Breeze") is a palace in Jaipur, India, so it is named because it was essentially a high screen wall built so that the women of the royal family could observe street festivals while unseen from the outside.
 It is Constructed of red and pink sandstone, the palace sits on the edge of the City Palace, Jaipur, and extends to the "zenana", or women's chambers.
The Winter Palace of Prince Eugene (German: "Winterpalais Prinz Eugen" ), also known as the City Palace (German: "Stadtpalais" ), is a high-Baroque palace in the Innere Stadt district of Vienna, Austria.
 Located on a narrow street at Himmelpfortgasse 8, the palace was used as the winter residence of Prince Eugene of Savoy, who spent his summers at the Belvedere.
 The Winter Palace was designed and constructed by Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach from 1695 to 1700, and by Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt from 1702 to 1724 following his predecessor's plans.
City Palace, Jaipur, which includes the Chandra Mahal and Mubarak Mahal palaces and other buildings, is a palace complex in Jaipur, the capital of the Rajasthan state, India.
 It was the seat of the Maharaja of Jaipur, the head of the Kachwaha Rajput clan.
 The Chandra Mahal palace now houses a museum, but the greatest part of it is still a royal residence.
 The palace complex, located northeast of the centre of the grid-patterned Jaipur city, incorporates an impressive and vast array of courtyards, gardens and buildings.
 The palace was built between 1729 and 1732, initially by Sawai Jai Singh II, the ruler of Amber.
 He planned and built the outer walls, and later additions were made by successive rulers continuing up to the 20th century.
 The credit for the urban layout of the city and its structures is attributed to two architects namely, Vidyadhar Bhattacharya, the chief architect in the royal court and Sir Samuel Swinton Jacob, apart from the Sawai himself who was a keen architectural enthusiast.
 The architects achieved a fusion of the Shilpa Shastra of Indian architecture with Rajput, Mughal and European styles of architecture.
The Reich Chancellery (German: "Reichskanzlei" ) was the traditional name of the office of the Chancellor of Germany (then called "Reichskanzler") in the period of the German Reich from 1871 to 1945.
 The Chancellery's seat from 1875 was the former city palace of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł (1775–1833) on Wilhelmstraße in Berlin.
 Both the palace and a new Reich Chancellery building (completed in early 1939) were seriously damaged during World War II and subsequently demolished.
The Athenian League was an English amateur football league for clubs in and around London.
 The league was formed in 1912 with ten clubs, but had to close down in 1914 due to the onset of World War I.
 When it reformed in 1920, only three of the previous teams rejoined.
 Clubs left and joined the league at a rate of about one a year, with a number leaving to join the Isthmian League, the strongest amateur league in the London area.
 Total membership remained fairly stable at between twelve and sixteen clubs until 1963, when it absorbed most of the clubs from two rival leagues, the Corinthian League (most of whose former clubs formed Division One) and the Delphian League (most of whose former clubs formed Division Two).
 The existing division was renamed the Premier Division.
The Kanmon Bridge (関門橋 , Kanmonkyō ) (Asian Highway Network AH1 ) is a suspension bridge crossing the Kanmon Straits, a stretch of water separating two of Japan's four main islands.
 On the Honshū side of the bridge is Shimonoseki (下関 , which contributed "Kan" to the name of the strait) and on the Kyūshū side is Kitakyushu, whose former city and present ward, Moji (門司 ), gave the strait its "mon".
The Musée des Arts décoratifs (Museum of Decorative Art) of the city of Strasbourg, France, is found on the ground floor of the Palais Rohan, the former city palace of the Prince-Bishops from the Rohan family.
 One half of the museum is made up of the magnificent chambers in the late baroque, Rococo and Empire styles.
 The other half offers a broad overview of the art of Alsatian porcelain, gold- and silversmith masters between 1681 and 1870 (decorative arts from the region prior to the French conquest are displayed in the nearby Musée de l’Œuvre Notre-Dame.)
The Federal Ministry of Finance (German: "Bundesministerium für Finanzen" , abbreviated BMF or "Finanzministerium") is the cabinet-level finance ministry of the Austrian Federal Government.
 Its seat is at the former city palace of Prince Eugene of Savoy in the Austrian capital Vienna.
 The current Federal Minister of Finance is Hans Jörg Schelling (ÖVP).
The Kanmon Straits (関門海峡 , Kanmon-kaikyō ) or the Straits of Shimonoseki is the stretch of water separating two of Japan's four main islands.
 On the Honshu side of the water is Shimonoseki (下関 , which contributed "Kan" (関 ) to the name of the strait) and on the Kyushu side is Kitakyushu, whose former city and present ward, Moji (門司 ), gave the strait its "mon" (門 ).
 The straits silt up at the rate of about 15 centimetres per annum, and dredging has made it possible to build the New Kitakyushu Airport at low cost.
