Ivan Stefan (Bulgarian: Иван Стефан ; in English also "John Stephen") (c. 1300/1301–1373 (?))
 ruled as emperor (tsar) of Bulgaria for eight months from 1330 to 1331.
 He was the eldest son of emperor Michael III Shishman and Anna Neda of Serbia, a daughter of King Stefan Uroš II Milutin of Serbia.
 Ivan Stephen was descendent to the Terter dynasty, the Asen dynasty and the Shishman dynasty, which were all of partial Cuman origin.
 After his father's accenssion to the throne in 1323 Ivan Stefan was associated as co-emperor.
 When Michael III Shishman divorced Anna Neda to marry Theodora Palaiologina, the daughter of Byzantine emperor Michael IX Palaiologos, in 1324, Ivan Stefan was exiled along with his mother and brother in a monastery.
 In the summer of 1330 he became emperor of Bulgaria with the help of his uncle Stephen Dečanski.
 After he was deposed in a coup d'état by the Tarnovo nobility, he fled along with Anna Neda in the domains of his father's brother Belaur in Niš and later to Dubrovnik.
 He was later expelled from there by Stephen Dušan under the pressure of Ivan Alexander.
 Ivan Stefan probably died in Naples.
Hadim Mesih Pasha was an Ottoman statesman.
 He was Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1 November 1585 to 14 April 1586 and the Ottoman governor of Egypt from 1574 to 1580.
Emperor Wencheng of Northern Wei ((北)魏文成帝) (440–465), personal name Tuoba Jun (拓拔濬), was an emperor of the Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei.
 He became emperor in the aftermaths of the eunuch Zong Ai's assassination of his grandfather Emperor Taiwu and uncle Tuoba Yu, and he was generally described by historians as a ruler who sought foremost to allow his people to rest after his grandfather's expansionist policies and extensive campaigns, who also reformed the laws to become more lenient.
Gao Yun (高雲), (Go Un (고운) in Korean) (died 409), at one time Murong Yun (慕容雲), courtesy name Ziyu (子雨), formally Emperor Huiyi of (Later)/(Northern) Yan ((後)/(北)燕惠懿帝), was an emperor who, depending on the historian's characterization, was either the last emperor of the Xianbei state Later Yan, or the first emperor of its succeeding state Northern Yan.
 He was ethnically Korean and a descendant of the royal house of Goguryeo, whose ancestors were captured by Former Yan.
 He was adopted into the Later Yan imperial house after helping the emperor Murong Bao (Emperor Huimin) put down a rebellion by Murong Bao's son Murong Hui.
 He became emperor after the people rebelled against the despotic rule of his adoptive uncle Murong Xi (Emperor Zhaowen), and during his reign, he used the title "Heavenly Prince" ("Tian Wang").
 In 409, he was assassinated, and after a disturbance, was replaced by his ethnic Han chinese general Feng Ba (Emperor Wencheng).
Mesih Pasha or Misac Pasha (died November 1501) was an Ottoman statesman of Byzantine Greek origin, being a nephew of the last Byzantine emperor, Constantine XI Palaiologos.
 He served as Kapudan Pasha of the Ottoman Navy and was Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire in 1501.
Emperor Yizong of Western Xia (1047–1068) was Emperor of the Western Xia from 1048 to 1067.
 After his father's death in 1048, Yizong assumed the throne at the age of one, but most of the power laid in the hands of the Dowager.
 In 1049, the Liao Dynasty attacked Western Xia and forced it to become a vassal state.
 In 1056, the Dowager was killed and Yizong's uncle became the regent.
 In 1061, Yizong's uncle and cousin plotted against him, so he had them executed and assumed direct control of Western Xia.
John Komnenos (Greek: Ἰωάννης Κομνηνός , "Iōannēs Komnēnos";  1015 – 12 July 1067) was a Byzantine aristocrat and military leader.
 The younger brother of Emperor Isaac I Komnenos, he served as Domestic of the Schools during Isaac's brief reign (1057–59).
 When Isaac I abdicated, Constantine X Doukas became emperor and John withdrew from public life until his death in 1067.
 Through his son Alexios I Komnenos, who became emperor in 1081, he was the progenitor of the Komnenian dynasty that ruled the Byzantine Empire from 1081 until 1185, and the Empire of Trebizond from 1204 until 1461.
Emperor Fei of Northern Qi ((北)齊廢帝) (545–561), personal name Gao Yin (高殷), courtesy name Zhengdao (正道), posthumously Prince Mindao of Ji'nan (濟南閔悼王), was briefly an emperor of the Northern Qi.
 He was the oldest son of the first emperor, Emperor Wenxuan (Gao Yang), and he became emperor after Emperor Wenxuan's death in 559.
 However, in his young age, the officials fought over power, and in 560, Emperor Fei's uncle Gao Yan the Prince of Changshan killed the prime minister Yang Yin and took over power, soon deposing Emperor Fei and taking the throne himself as Emperor Xiaozhao.
 In 561, fearful of prophecies that Emperor Fei would return to the throne, Emperor Xiaozhao had him put to death.
Murong Wei (; 350–385), courtesy name Jingmao (景茂), formally Emperor You of (Former) Yan ((前)燕幽帝, posthumous name given by his uncle Murong De, emperor of Southern Yan) was the last emperor of the Xianbei state Former Yan.
 He became emperor at age 10 and, late in his reign, with powers in the hands of his mother Empress Dowager Kezuhun and his incompetent and corrupt granduncle Murong Ping, was captured by Former Qin's prime minister Wang Meng in 370, ending Former Yan.
 Later, during the middle of Former Qin's collapse after its defeat at the Battle of Fei River in 383, he tried to join his brother Murong Chong in rebellion and was executed by Former Qin's emperor Fu Jiān in early 385.
Emperor Cheng of Jin (; 321 – 26 July 342), personal name Sima Yan (司馬衍), courtesy name Shigen (世根), was an emperor of the Eastern Jin Dynasty (265-420).
 He was the eldest son of Emperor Ming and became the crown prince on April 1, 325.
 During his reign, the administration was largely dominated by a succession of regents—initially his uncle Yu Liang, then Wang Dao, then the joint administration of He Chong (何充) and another uncle Yu Bing (庾冰).
 He became emperor at age four, and soon after his accession to the throne, the disastrous rebellion of Su Jun weakened Jin forces for decades.
