The West Alabama Tigers football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the University of West Alabama located in the U.S. state of Alabama.
 The team competes in the NCAA Division II and are members of the Gulf South Conference.
 West Alabama's first football team was fielded in 1938.
 The team plays its home games at the 7,000 seat Tiger Stadium in Livingston, Alabama.
 The Tigers are coached by Brett Gilliland.
The Tuskegee Golden Tigers football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the Tuskegee University located in the U.S. state of Alabama.
 The team competes in the NCAA Division II level and are members of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.
 The school's first football team was fielded in 1913.
 The team plays its home games at the 10,000 seat Abbott Memorial Alumni Stadium.
 They are coached by Willie Slater.
The Ouachita Baptist Tigers football program is the intercollegiate American football team for Ouachita Baptist University located in the U.S. state of Arkansas.
 The team competes in NCAA Division II and are members of the Great American Conference.
 Ouachita Baptist's first football team was fielded in 1896.
 The team plays its home games at A.U. Williams Field in Arkadelphia, Arkansas.
 The Tigers are coached by Todd Knight.
The Henderson State Reddies football program is a college football team that represents Henderson State University.
 The team is a member of the Great American Conference which is in the Division II of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).
 The Reddies are currently coached by Scott Maxfield, who is in his seventh year at the university.
 Home games are played at Carpenter-Haygood Stadium in Arkadelphia, Arkansas.
 Henderson State shares the longest rivalry in Division II football with Ouachita Baptist University Tigers, the Battle of the Ravine, which began in 1895.
The Ouachita Baptist Tigers are composed of 16 teams representing Ouachita Baptist University in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, golf, soccer, swimming, and tennis.
 Men's sports include baseball, football, and wrestling.
 Women's sports include volleyball, cross country, and softball.
 The Tigers compete in the NCAA Division II and are members of the Great American Conference.
Kiehl Frazier (born October 2, 1992) is an American football quarterback and safety.
 He attended Ouachita Baptist University in 2014, having attended Auburn University the previous three years.
 Frazier beat out returning quarterback Clint Moseley for the starting quarterback position for the 2012 Auburn Tigers football team.
Ouachita Baptist University (OBU) is a private, liberal arts, undergraduate college located in Arkadelphia, Arkansas, which is about 65 miles southwest of Little Rock.
 The university's name is taken from the Ouachita (pronounced Wash'-uh-taw) River, which forms the eastern campus boundary.
 It is affiliated with the Arkansas Baptist State Convention.
 The student body is approximately 45% male and 55% female.
Chanhassen High School (CNS) is a public high school located in Chanhassen, Minnesota, a southwestern suburb of the Minneapolis-Saint Paul area.
 CNS has a grade 9–12 school program.
 Construction of the school was approved by voters in 2006 in response to rapidly growing enrollment in Carver County and overcrowding at Chaska High School, the district's other high school.
 Chanhassen had an enrollment of 1,576 students during the 2014-15 school year, with an 18:1 student teacher ratio.
 There are 82 teachers at the school, and more than 80 percent of them have a master's degree or higher.
 The student body makeup is 52 percent male and 48 percent female, and the total minority enrollment is 9 percent.
The Houston Baptist Huskies football program is the intercollegiate American football team for Houston Baptist University located in Houston, Texas, United States.
 The team currently competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) as a full member of the Southland Conference.
 Houston Baptist's first football team was fielded in 2013 for a seven game developmental season.
 The Huskies finished 2013 with a 3-4 record.
 Since the 2013 games were played during a developmental season, records and statistics are considered unofficial.
 The team played most of its home games at Crusader Stadium in Houston, Texas that season with one home game being played at BBVA Compass Stadium.
Halifax County High School is a public high school located in South Boston, Virginia, United States.
 It is located less than 2 mi from Halifax County Middle School.
 Having 1,793 students currently enrolled in the 2012–13 school year, there are 118 faculty members with a 15.1 student/teacher ratio.
 At Halifax County High, students have the opportunity to take Advanced Placement course work and testing.
 Halifax county high school is equipped with two football fields, one soccer field, one field for baseball, and a basketball arena.
 Halifax County high school currently runs on the semester system.
 The student body makeup is 49 percent male and 51 percent female, and the total minority enrollment is 51 percent.
 Halifax County High is the only high school in the Halifax County Public Schools.
 Halifax County High School has an 82.2 percent on-time graduation rate and a 2.1 percent drop out rate.
