Brontis Jodorowsky (born 27 October 1962) is a Chilean actor and theatre director.
 He is the son of the Chilean-French writer, director and actor Alejandro Jodorowsky and the French actress Bernadette Landru.
Jodorowsky's Dune is a 2013 American-French documentary film directed by Frank Pavich.
 The film explores cult film director Alejandro Jodorowsky's unsuccessful attempt to adapt and film Frank Herbert's 1965 science fiction novel "Dune" in the mid-1970s.
The Incal (French: "L'Incal") is a French graphic novel series written by Alejandro Jodorowsky and originally illustrated by Jean Giraud.
 "The Incal", with first pages originally released as Une aventure de John Difool ("A John Difool Adventure") in "Métal hurlant" and published by Les Humanoïdes Associés, introduced Jodorowsky's "Jodoverse" (or "Metabarons Universe" ), a fictional universe in which his science fiction comics take place.
 It is an epic space opera blending fantastical intergalactic voyage, science, technology, political intrigues, conspiracies, messianism, mysticism, poetry, debauchery, love stories, and satire.
 "The Incal" includes and expands the concepts and artwork from the abandoned film project "Dune" directed by Jodorowksy and designed by Giraud from the early 1970s.
Abel Cain (formerly known as Sons of El Topo) is a stalled film project written and directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky and the sequel to Jodorowsky's classic acid Western film "El Topo".
 It was to be produced and financed by Parallel Media.
 In a 2010 interview, Jodorowsky said that the film had "dragged a long time" and suggested that Abel Cain will not feature any "stars", adding that he would cast his son Axel Jodorowsky in the lead role just as he did in his 1989 cult classic film "Santa Sangre".
La montaña sagrada (The Holy Mountain, reissued as The Sacred Mountain) is a 1973 Mexican surrealist fantasy film directed, written, produced, co-scored, co-edited by and starring Alejandro Jodorowsky, who also participated as a set designer and costume designer on the film.
 The film was produced by Beatles manager Allen Klein of ABKCO Music and Records, after Jodorowsky scored an underground phenomenon with "El Topo" and the acclaim of both John Lennon and George Harrison (Lennon and Yoko Ono put up production money).
 It was shown at various international film festivals in 1973, including Cannes, and limited screenings in New York and San Francisco.
Fando y Lis is a film adaptation of a Fernando Arrabal play by the same name, and it is Alejandro Jodorowsky's first feature-length film.
 Arrabal was working with Jodorowsky on performance art at the time.
 The film was shot in high-contrast black-and-white on the week-ends with a small budget and was first shown at the Acapulco Film Festival in 1968.
The Dance of Reality (Spanish: "La danza de la realidad" ) is a 2013 Chilean-French autobiographical musical fantasy drama film written, produced, and directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky, starring Brontis Jodorowsky, Pamela Flores, and Jeremias Herskovits.
 It is Alejandro Jodorowsky's first film in 23 years.
 The film screened at Directors' Fortnight during the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
 The film is based on an earlier work by Jodorowsky first published in Spanish under the title "La danza de la realidad: Psicomagia y psicochamanismo" (2001).
Axel Cristóbal Jodorowsky (born 24 July 1965), also known as Cristóbal Jodorowsky, is a Chilean-French actor, writer, painter, playwright, trainer, tarologist, and psychologist.
 He is the son of the Chilean-French film and theater director Alejandro Jodorowsky and Mexican actress Valerie Trumblay, brother to Brontis Jodorowsky and Adan Jodorowsky, and the uncle of Alma Jodorowsky.
Santa Sangre (Holy Blood) is a 1989 Mexican-Italian avant-garde horror film directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky and written by Jodorowsky along with Claudio Argento and Roberto Leoni.
 It stars Axel Jodorowsky, Adan Jodorowsky, Teo Jodorowsky, Blanca Guerra, Thelma Tixou and Guy Stockwell.
 Divided into both a flashback and a flash-forward, the film, which is set in Mexico, tells the story of Fenix, a boy who grew up in a circus, and his life through both adolescence and early adulthood.
Les têtes interverties (also known as "La cravate", "The Transposed Heads" and "The Severed Heads") is a 1957 French short film written and directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky.
 Shot between 1953 and 1957, the film is a mime adaptation of Thomas Mann's 1940 novella "The Transposed Heads" ("Die vertauschten Köpfe").
 The film stars surreal humorist Raymond Devos as well as Jodorowsky himself.
