Lisa Marie Simpson is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 She is the middle child and most intelligent of the Simpson family.
 Voiced by Yeardley Smith, Lisa first appeared on television in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987.
 Cartoonist Matt Groening created and designed her while waiting to meet James L. Brooks.
 Groening had been invited to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic "Life in Hell", but instead decided to create a new set of characters.
 He named the elder Simpson daughter after his younger sister Lisa Groening.
 After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three years, the Simpson family were moved to their own series on Fox, which debuted on December 17, 1989.
"Lisa's Rival" is the second episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> sixth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 11, 1994.
 It was the first episode to be written by Mike Scully, and was directed by Mark Kirkland.
 Winona Ryder guest stars as Allison Taylor, a new student at Springfield Elementary School.
 Lisa Simpson begins to feel threatened by Allison because she is smarter, younger, and a better saxophone player than she is.
 The episode's subplot sees Homer steal a large pile of sugar from a crashed truck, and begin selling it door-to-door.
Martha Maria Yeardley Smith ( ; born July 3, 1964) is a French-American actress, voice actress, writer, author, comedian, and painter.
 She is best known for her long-running role as Lisa Simpson on the animated television series "The Simpsons".
Ralph Wiggum is a recurring character on the animated series "The Simpsons", voiced by Nancy Cartwright.
 The son of Police Chief Wiggum and a classmate of Lisa Simpson, Ralph is best known as the show's resident oddball, and is noted for his non sequiturs and erratic behavior.
 His lines range from nonsensical, or bizarre interpretations of a current event, to surprisingly profound statements that go over people's heads; and his behavior varies between blissfully unaware, to dim-witted, to awkwardly spontaneous, even occasionally straightforward.
 The very nature of the character has undergone seemingly differing interpretations over the years and within various media.
The Itchy & Scratchy Show (often shortened as Itchy & Scratchy) is a running gag and fictional animated television series featured in the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It usually appears as a part of "The Krusty the Clown Show", watched regularly by Bart Simpson and Lisa Simpson.
 Itself an animated cartoon, "The Itchy & Scratchy Show" depicts a sadistic anthropomorphic blue mouse, Itchy (voiced by Dan Castellaneta), who repeatedly maims and kills an anthropomorphic, hapless threadbare black cat, Scratchy (voiced by Harry Shearer).
 The cartoon first appeared in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "The Bart Simpson Show", which originally aired November 20, 1988.
 The cartoon's first appearance in "The Simpsons" was in the 1990 episode "There's No Disgrace Like Home".
 Typically presented as 15-to-60-second-long cartoons, the show is filled with gratuitous violence.
 "The Simpsons" also occasionally features characters who are involved with the production of "The Itchy & Scratchy Show", including Roger Meyers Jr. (voiced by Alex Rocco, and, later, Hank Azaria), who runs the studio and produces the show.
"The Secret War of Lisa Simpson" is the twenty-fifth and final episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 18, 1997.
 Bart gets sent to a military academy as punishment for bad behavior.
 While visiting the academy, Lisa sees that the school is far more challenging than hers and she decides that she wants to attend as well.
 It was directed by Mike B. Anderson, written by Richard Appel and featured Willem Dafoe in a guest spot as the school's commandant.
"All About Lisa" is the twentieth episode and season finale of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> nineteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 18, 2008.
 Lisa Simpson becomes Krusty the Clown's newest assistant and steals his spotlight.
 She wins Entertainer of the Year at the Springfield Media awards, but is warned that with her sudden fame comes a new attitude towards others and herself.
 Meanwhile, Homer and Bart bond over their newfound love of coin collecting.
 The episode features narration by Sideshow Mel.
 It was written by John Frink and directed by Steven Dean Moore.
 Drew Carey guest voices as himself, appearing as a guest on Krusty's show.
Lisette Dufour (Born 1949) is a Québécoise voice actress who is better known as the French voice of Lisa Simpson on "The Simpsons".
Mike B. Anderson (born 1973), sometimes credited as Mikel B. Anderson, is an American television director who works on "The Simpsons" and has directed numerous episodes of the show, and was animated in "The Secret War of Lisa Simpson" as cadet Anderson.
 While a college student, he directed the live action feature films "Alone in the T-Shirt Zone" (1986) and "Kamillions" (1989).
 Since 1990, he has worked primarily in animation including being a consulting producer on the series, "The Oblongs", and story consultant on "Tripping the Rift".
"Lisa Goes Gaga" is the twenty-second and final episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 20, 2012.
 In the episode, American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga makes a visit to Springfield, where all of its residents are in a state of depression.
 Main character Lisa Simpson is arguably the most depressed person in the city, prompting Gaga to go out of her way to teach Lisa the meaning of happiness.
