Restless Nights is the second album by singer/songwriter Karla Bonoff.
 The album peaked at No. 31 on the Billboard albums chart.
Karla Bonoff (born December 27, 1951) is an American singer-songwriter, primarily known for her songwriting.
 As a songwriter, Bonoff's songs have been interpreted by other artists such as "Home" by Bonnie Raitt, "Tell Me Why" by Wynonna Judd, and "Isn't It Always Love" by Lynn Anderson.
Karla Bonoff is the RIAA Gold-certified first album by singer/songwriter Karla Bonoff.
 It includes several of Bonoff's compositions which had previously been prominently recorded: three by Linda Ronstadt ("Lose Again", "If He's Ever Near", "Someone to Lay Down Beside Me") and one by Bonnie Raitt ("Home").
"All My Life" is a hit song written by Karla Bonoff and performed as duet by Linda Ronstadt and Aaron Neville on Ronstadt's triple platinum-certified 1989 album "Cry Like a Rainstorm, Howl Like the Wind"; this was the second global hit from Ronstadt and Neville.
Paul Kelly (June 19, 1940 – October 4, 2012) was an American singer-songwriter.
 He is best known for the soul songs "Stealing in the Name of the Lord", which was a major hit in 1970, and "Hooked, Hogtied & Collared".
 He also wrote "Personally", which has been widely covered, and was a hit for soul singer Jackie Moore and singer-songwriter Karla Bonoff and country singer Ronnie McDowell.
 Other songs have been covered by gospel artists, including the Mighty Clouds Of Joy and The Staple Singers.
Michael Gene Botts (December 8, 1944 – December 9, 2005) was an American drummer, best known for his work with 1970s soft rock band Bread, and as a session musician.
 During his career, he recorded with Linda Ronstadt, Karla Bonoff, Andrew Gold, Olivia Newton-John, Peter Cetera, Warren Zevon and Dan Fogelberg, among many others.
 He also contributed to several soundtracks for films, and to albums released under the name of The Simpsons.
Wild Heart of the Young is the third album by singer/songwriter Karla Bonoff.
 The album includes Bonoff's only Top 40 hit, "Personally", which peaked at No. 19 on the "Billboard" singles chart.
 It is unusual in that it was not written by Bonoff.
New World is the fourth album by singer/songwriter Karla Bonoff and her first in six years.
 In 1989, Linda Ronstadt included three of Bonoff's compositions on her "Cry Like a Rainstorm, Howl Like the Wind" album and one, "All My Life", won a Grammy for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal.
 In 1993, Wynonna Judd scored a Country hit with Bonoff's "Tell Me Why" on which Bonoff played guitar and sang backing vocals.
"Tell Me Why" is a song written by Karla Bonoff and recorded by American country music artist Wynonna Judd.
 It was released in April 1993 as the first single and title track from Judd's album "Tell Me Why".
 The song reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in May 1993 and number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada the following month.
"Personally" is a US hit song recorded by American singer-songwriter Karla Bonoff.
 It was released in 1982 as the first single from the album "Wild Heart of the Young".
 The song was written by Paul Kelly and had also been covered by Jackie Moore in 1978.
 She reached number 92 on the US R&B chart.
