The Revenge of Pancho Villa (1930–36)—Spanish title La Venganza de Pancho Villa—is a compilation film made by the Padilla family in El Paso, Texas, USA, from dozens of fact-based and fictional films about the celebrated Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa (1878–1923).
American actor James Earl Jones has had an extensive career in film, television, and theatre.
 He started out in film by appearing in the 1964 political satire film "Dr. Strangelove" as Lt. Lothar Zogg.
 He then went on to star in the 1970 film "The Great White Hope" as Jack Jefferson, a role he first played in the Broadway production of the same name.
 The film role earned him two Golden Globe nominations, one for Best Actor and winning one for New Star of the Year.
 He also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor.
 His other work in the 1970s included playing the title character in "Malcolm X" (1972), Johnny Williams in "The River Niger" (1976), Nick Debrett in "Swashbuckler" (1976), and Malcolm X again in "The Greatest" (1977).
Adrift in Manhattan is a 2007 film directed by Alfredo De Villa and written by Nat Moss based on a story by De Villa.
 The film features an ensemble cast, including Heather Graham, Victor Rasuk, Dominic Chianese, Elizabeth Peña, and William Baldwin.
 The film earned mixed reviews upon release.
Kal Naga (also credited as Khaled Naga or Khaled Abol Naga) is a multi award-winning actor, film producer and director from Egypt (he directed theatre mostly and short films).
 He is a movie star in the Arab World and the Middle East but also a familiar face internationally specially in European film festivals, where he has been honoured with a diverse range of awards as an actor and producer as well as a jury member in film festivals.
 Since 2016 he focused on English speaking markets ["Tyrant" TV series season 3 (2016), American FX TV Network, "Vikings" season 5 (2017), History Channel and "The Last Post" TV mini series, UK's BBC TV].
 His roles covered a multitude of genres, from musicals ["None but that!"
 (2007)], action ["Agamista"(2007), "Eyes Of A Thief" (2014)], thrillers ["Kashf Hesab" (2007)], art-house ["Heliopolis" (2009), "Villa 69" (2013), "Decor" (2014)] and a slapstick comedy ["Habibi Naeman (Sleeping Habibi)" (2008)].
 He played the lead in many award-winning films that gained him outstanding international critics acclaim as one of the finest actors in the world today out of the Arab region.
 He studied and graduated (with highest honours) as a Tele-communication engineer' from Ain Shams University, studied theatre (as a minor) at the American University in Cairo, and worked on a spacecraft design program (UoSAT-5 ) in the UK.
 He finally confirmed his passion and calling for the arts by the year 2000.
 In a film festival in 2016 celebrating Arabic films submissions to the "Oscars," he was honoured for being the most submitted actor in Arabic films submissions to the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film ("The Oscars)".
 He is often tagged in western media as "Egypt's "Brad Pitt" for his many career similarities with the latter, also described as "the next Omar Sharif" specially after his American debut movie "Civic Duty" in 2007.
 He was also described as "Egypt's International treasure" for advocating for freedom and standing up against injustice in his home country Egypt.
 He is one of the most recognisable faces of the 2011 revolution, seizing the anti-regime sentiment in the streets of Cairo and taking part in mass demonstrations that led to the removal of President Mubarak.
 He faced defamation campaigns against him by the state owned and controlled media during Mubarak era before the January 25th 2011 revolution in Egypt, and once again from the 2013 "coup d'etat" General Sisi government in Egypt.
 Nonetheless he continued his regional and international award-winning success, as well as waves of strong support on social media.
 He also had a very celebrated and successful career across the Arab world TV networks as a TV & radio host in prime time shows from 1997 till 2005.
 He is a human and child rights activist and has been Egypt's UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador 2007–2015.
 He has worked across a diverse variety of media, including theatre, radio, television and film in Arabic, English and some French and Italian.
Villa Rides is a 1968 American Technicolor western war film in Panavision starring Yul Brynner (in toupee) in the title role and Robert Mitchum as an American adventurer and pilot of fortune.
 The supporting cast includes Charles Bronson as Fierro, Herbert Lom as Huerta, and Alexander Knox as Madero.
 Sam Peckinpah wrote the original script and was set to direct but Brynner didn't like his depiction of Villa as cruel and had Robert Towne rewrite the script and sought another director.
 The screenplay is based on the biography by William Douglas Lansford.
At the Villa Rose is a 1930 British mystery film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Norah Baring, Richard Cooper and Austin Trevor.
 It marked the screen debut of Northern Irish actor Trevor.
 It was released in the United States under the alternative title of Mystery at the Villa Rose.
Juano Hernández (July 19, 1896 – July 17, 1970) was an Afro-Puerto Rican stage and film actor who was a pioneer in the African American film industry.
 He made his silent debut in "The Life of General Villa", and talking picture debut in an Oscar Micheaux film, "The Girl from Chicago", which was directed at black audiences.
 Hernández also performed in a series of dramatic roles in mainstream Hollywood movies.
 His participation in the film "Intruder in the Dust" (1949) earned him a Golden Globe Award nomination for "New Star of the Year."
 Later in life he returned to Puerto Rico, where he intended to make a film based on the life of Sixto Escobar.
The 2016 Campeonato Nacional de Fútbol de Cuba was the 105th season of the competition.
 The season began on 6 February 2016 and concluded on 18 June 2016.
 The league was won by Villa Clara, who claimed their 14th Cuban league title, and their first since 2013.
 Villa Clara and runners-up, Guantánamo earned berths into the 2017 CFU Club Championship as league winners and runners-up, however, it does not necessarily mean they will participate.
Woodstock Villa is a 2008 Indian musical thriller directed by Hansal Mehta and produced by Sanjay Gupta and Ekta Kapoor.
 It features newcomers Sikandar Kher, Neha Oberoi and Arbaaz Khan in the primary roles while Shakti Kapoor, Gulshan Grover, Sachin Khedekar, Boman Irani and Anupama Verma essay other significant roles.
 The soundtrack was composed by Anu Malik.
 It was filmed in Mumbai and Mauritius.
 The film, which was released in India on 30 May 2008, had a poor box office opening but earned mostly good reviews.
 Sanjay Dutt and Saif Ali Khan have cameo appearances.
 The plot is a loose adaptation of the 2003 Japanese thriller "Game" which also went on to be remade in Tamil in 2014 as "Sarabham"
Ernesta Stern, born Maria Ernesta de Hierschel, also known as Maria Star, (December 8, 1854 – 1926) was an Italian-born French author.
 She wrote many Venetian tales and novels.
 She held a salon in Paris and she was awarded the knighthood of the Legion of Honour.
 Her Villa Torre Clementina in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin is an official historical monument.
