Life After Death is the second and final studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G., released on March 25, 1997, on Bad Boy Records and Arista Records.
 A double album, it was released posthumously following his death on March 9, 1997.
 It features collaborations with guest artists such as 112, Jay-Z, Lil' Kim, Mase, Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Too $hort, Angela Winbush, D.M.C. of Run-D.M.C.
, R. Kelly, The LOX and Puff Daddy.
 "Life After Death" exhibits The Notorious B.I.G. further delving into the mafioso rap subgenre.
 The album is a sequel to his first album, "Ready to Die", and picks up where the last song, "Suicidal Thoughts", ends.
Notorious: Music from and Inspired by the Original Motion Picture is the official soundtrack to the 2009 biopic film "Notorious" based on the life and death of rapper The Notorious B.I.G..
 It features mostly his previously heard songs, inclusively the ones harder to find such as "Party and Bullshit" and "One More Chance (Remix)".
 It includes two original songs "Brooklyn Go Hard" by Jay-Z and a tribute to the rapper by Jadakiss and widow Faith Evans called "Letter to B.I.G.", as well as three unreleased demos by him and a song with Christopher "CJ" Wallace, Jr., his son.
 s of March 2009 , the album sold roughly 124,490 copies.
 "Notorious Thugs", "Notorious B.I.G.", "One More Chance (Remix)", "Brooklyn Go Hard", "Kick in the Door", "What's Beef", "The World Is Filled...", "One More Chance / The Legacy Remix" and "Love No Ho" do not feature in the movie, but are included on the album.
Ready to Die is the debut studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G.; it was released on September 13, 1994, by Bad Boy Records and Arista Records.
 The label's first release, the album features production by Bad Boy founder Sean "Puffy" Combs, Easy Mo Bee, Chucky Thompson, DJ Premier and Lord Finesse, among others.
 Recording for the album took place during 1993-94 at The Hit Factory and D&D Studios in New York City.
 The partly autobiographical album tells the story of B.I.G.'s experiences as a young criminal.
 "Ready to Die" was the only studio album released during his life, as he was murdered sixteen days prior to the release of his second album, "Life After Death" in 1997.
"Nasty Girl" is a song by rapper The Notorious B.I.G.
 It was released in 2005 in the US and on January 16, 2006 in the UK.
 The single reached #1 in the United Kingdom (this being his first #1 in the country, just under a year after "rival" rapper 2Pac had also achieved his first #1 there also with "Ghetto Gospel").
 The song features guest appearances from Jagged Edge, P. Diddy, Avery Storm, and Nelly and the video also contains guest appearances from Pharrell, Usher, Fat Joe, 8 Ball & MJG, Teairra Mari, Jazze Pha, DJ Green Lantern, Naomi Campbell and Memphis Bleek.
 It can be found on the album "", a remixed album of Biggie Smalls' work.
 The lyrical section rapped by Notorious B.I.G is actually lifted from another of his songs called "Nasty Boy", featured on his second album "Life After Death".
 Despite this, the production to the song "Nasty Boy" is completely different from that for "Nasty Girl", and apart from the lyrical sample, and the second verse (rapped by P. Diddy) rapped in the style of Biggie's second verse of Nasty Boy, the two songs bear no similarities.
 The chorus, sung by Jagged Edge, which has the line "Grab your titties for B.I.G.", references "Player's Anthem", which he says "Bitches, rub your titties if you love Big Poppa".
"Victory" is a song recorded by American hip hop recording artist Puff Daddy.
 The song was originally written by The Notorious B.I.G., Jason Phillips and Steven Jordan for his debut studio album "No Way Out" (1997).
 It features heavy use of mafioso-style lyrics, as was popular at the time.
 It features The Notorious B.I.G., who raps two verses, and Busta Rhymes, who raps the song's chorus.
 The song also heavily sampled the Bill Conti song "Going the Distance", which featured on the soundtrack to the movie "Rocky" making it a darker start to a rap album that featured many (at the time) club-standard singles.
 The song was released as a single in 1998, peaking at number 19 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 This song featured the very last verses recorded by The Notorious B.I.G. before his 1997 death as these verses were recorded a day before his shooting.
 The song was used for the video game by 2K Sports, "NBA 2K13" by Puff Daddy and the Family featuring The Notorious B.I.G. and Busta Rhymes.
 This was re-used for the soundtrack of NBA 2K18.
Project: Funk da World is the debut studio album by rapper Craig Mack, released September 20, 1994.
 The album was the second release on Bad Boy Records, following The Notorious B.I.G.'s classic "Ready to Die" by one week.
 Propelled by the success of the Platinum RIAA-selling smash hit single "Flava in Ya Ear", the album reached Gold-RIAA sales status on February 22, 1995.
 "Flava In Ya Ear" also featured a successful remix (not included on the album), featuring guest verses from The Notorious B.I.G., Busta Rhymes, & LL Cool J.
 The album's second single, "Get Down", was the rapper's second Top 40 hit in 1994, & achieved Gold sales status in the United States in April 1995.
Craig Mack (born May 10, 1971) is an American rapper, who gained fame on Puff Daddy's Bad Boy Entertainment record label in the 1990s.
 Although his first single was released under the name MC EZ in 1988, he is best known for his 1994 hit single "Flava In Ya Ear", which was released under his real name.
 The remix of the single was the breakout appearance of The Notorious B.I.G., as well as one of the first solo appearances by Busta Rhymes.
 The success of The Notorious B.I.G.'s debut album "Ready to Die" overshadowed Mack's early success on the Bad Boy label.
Total is an American contemporary R&B girl group and one of the signature acts of Sean Combs' Bad Boy Records imprint during the 1990s.
 The group consisted of members Kima Raynor, Keisha Spivey, and Pamela Long.
 Total is best known for their hits "What You Want" (Featuring Mase), "Kissing You", "Can't You See" (featuring The Notorious B.I.G.), and "What About Us?"
 and "Trippin'", both featuring Missy Elliott.
 Long was also featured on The Notorious B.I.G.'s hit song "Hypnotize", singing the chorus.
Unbelievable is a song by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G., recorded for his debut studio album Ready to Die.
 It samples R. Kelly’s “Your Body’s Calling” and Honey Drippers' “Impeach the President”.
"Mo Money Mo Problems" is a single by The Notorious B.I.G., the second single from his album "Life After Death".
 Released posthumously, the single topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 for two weeks in 1997, replacing "I'll Be Missing You" from the chart, Puff Daddy's tribute to the rapper's death himself.
 The song is Notorious B.I.G.'s second posthumous number one single, following "Hypnotize", making him the only artist in Hot 100 history to have two #1 singles posthumously.
 It was the sixth song to hit #1 posthumously for a credited artist.
 The song was nominated for the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group.
