Danny Almonte (born April 7, 1987) is a former baseball player, currently an assistant baseball coach at Cardinal Hayes High School in New York City.
 Almonte was born in Moca, Dominican Republic.
 A former Little League pitcher that threw up to 76 MPH, he became the subject of considerable media attention in 2001.
 Considered a phenomenon as he led his Bronx team to a third-place finish in the 2001 Little League World Series, Almonte was revealed to have actually been two years too old to play Little League baseball.
 Although there were many allegations during the 2001 Series, the truth was not revealed until weeks later.
The Southern Ohio Conference (S.O.C.) is an athletic conference in Ohio.
 The conference is also a member of the Ohio High School Athletic Association, the governing body of Ohio athletics.
 There are currently sixteen member schools in the conference.
 The S.O.C. includes teams from four different Ohio counties - Jackson County (Oak Hill High School), Lawrence County (Symmes Valley High School), Pike County (Waverly High School, Eastern High School, and Western High School), and Scioto County (Clay High School, Green High School, Glenwood High School, Sciotoville Community School, Valley High School, Northwest High School, Minford High School, Portsmouth West High School, Notre Dame High School, South Webster High School, and Wheelersburg High School).
 The conference recognizes: baseball, boys' and girls' basketball, boys' and girls' cross country, football, boys' soccer, fast pitch softball, boys' and girls' swimming, boys' and girls' tennis, boys' and girls' track and field athletics, and girls' volleyball.
Cardinal Hayes High School is a Catholic high school for boys in the Concourse Village neighborhood of the Bronx, New York City.
 The school serves the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.
 It is a member of the CHSAA.
 It was constructed in the Art Deco style.
 It is named after Cardinal Patrick Joseph Hayes, a previous archbishop of (Catholic Archdiocese of) New York.
The Hudson County Interscholastic League (formerly known as the Hudson County Interscholastic Athletic Association) is a New Jersey high school sports association operating under the jurisdiction of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA)and consisting of public and parochial high schools in Hudson County.>
 The Hudson County Interscholastic Athletic Association was in hiatus for the 2009-10 school year, as all schools played in the temporary North Jersey Tri-County Conference, where they were joined with the non-Hudson County schools from the former Northern New Jersey Interscholastic League.
The Blanchard Valley Conference is an Ohio High School Athletic Association affiliated athletic league located in Hancock, Putnam, Seneca, and Wood Counties in northwest Ohio.
 Its name derives from the Blanchard River, which runs through the area in which the schools are located.
 Findlay, which is part of the Three Rivers Athletic Conference, is the only high school in Hancock County that is a member of the Ohio High School Athletic Association that is not part of the BVC.
Manny Villafaña was born in 1940 in New York City to Puerto Rican immigrants and attended Cardinal Hayes High School in the Bronx.
 He began his career in 1964 at medical-device exporter Picker International.
 In 1967, he was hired away from Picker by Medtronic to become their first international sales administrator.
Crest High School is a public high school in Shelby, North Carolina.
 It is part of Cleveland County Schools.
 Crest High School has 1262 students from grades 912.
 As of the 201112 school year, there are 87.57 teachers (FTE basis) and the student/faculty ratio is 14.41.
 Its campus is fringe rural.
 The school was opened in 1965 after Cleveland County residents voted 3,420 to 1,615 to authorize 3,250,000 in construction bonds for two new high schools.
 In 198687, Crest High School was a Blue Ribbon School.
 The word "crest" was originally an acronym for "Cleveland Rural Education Stands Together".
 The sports teams of Crest High School are the chargers and the colors are green and yellow.
 The Crest Chargers compete in the South Mountain Athletic Conference and are classified as 3A in the North Carolina High School Athletic Association
The Oahu Interscholastic Association (OIA) is an athletic conference composed of all public secondary schools on the island of Oahu, Hawaii, U.S.A.
 The OIA was first founded in 1940 as the Rural Oahu Interscholastic Association (ROIA).
 The five founding schools were Castle High School, Kahuku High School, Leilehua High School, Waialua High & Intermediate School and Waipahu High School.
 The OIA originally comprised all the rural schools on Oahu, which were all of the schools that were not situated in the main city of Honolulu.
 This changed however in 1970 with the addition of the five former public school members of the Interscholastic League of Honolulu - Farrington High School, Kaimuki High School, McKinley High School, Roosevelt High School and Kalani High School.
 After the public Honolulu schools joined, the league changed its identity from the ROIA to simply OIA to reflect the integration of all of the public high schools on the island.
The Watchung Conference was a high school sports association under the jurisdiction of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).
 The conference consisted of eleven public high schools covering Essex County, Hudson County and Union County in northern New Jersey.
 In 2009, the conference was disbanded.
 The Essex County schools joined the Super Essex Conference, the Union County schools joined the Union County Interscholastic Athletic Association, and the Hudson County schools joined the temporary North Jersey Tri-County Conference, before joining their Hudson County schools in reviving the Hudson County Interscholastic Athletic Association in 2010.
William Joseph Ott (November 23, 1940 – February 18, 2015) was an American professional baseball player, an outfielder whose six-season (1960–1965) career included stints with the and Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball.
 A switch hitter who threw right-handed, Ott stood 6 ft tall and weighed 180 lb in his playing days.
 He signed with the Cubs after graduating from Cardinal Hayes High School in the Bronx and attending St. John's University.
