The Adelaide Morning Chronicle was a newspaper published in Adelaide, South Australia during 1852 and 1853.
 While claiming not to be a religious newspaper, the "Adelaide Morning Chronicle" was established by the draper Andrew Murray during the South Australian Parliament's debate over separation of church and state.
 Its intention was to provide a voice for the influential and conservative Anglican section of the Adelaide community.
 This was in opposition to the opinions expressed by the non-conformist churches in their newspaper, the "Austral Examiner".
 The newspaper was of a sufficient quality to also be seen as competition to the "South Australian Register".
 Murray later worked for the "Melbourne Argus".
 The newspaper was reduced to a bi-weekly publication (rather than daily) after 35 issues in early 1852, through the economic effects of the Victorian gold rush and ceased in early 1853.
The Fashion Calendar is an American bi-weekly publication founded by Ruth Finley in 1945, listing all fashion related events in New York City.
Port Plaza Mall (later known as Washington Commons) was an urban area shopping mall/multi-use facility located in downtown Green Bay, Wisconsin.
 The mall opened on August 10, 1977, and featured 3 anchor stores over the years, with JCPenney and H.C. Prange open at its launch and Boston Store added by 1982.
 The mall would go into a state of decline in the late 1990s and 2000s, leading up to its closure on February 27, 2006.
 The mall property was razed during the 1st half of 2012 as part of a redevelopment project; the headquarters of Schreiber Foods now stands on the main mall footprint.
The Port Adelaide News was a newspaper published in Port Adelaide, South Australia between 1878 and 1933 with various sub-titles, several breaks in publication and several periods of bi-weekly publication.
The Chronicle is the national newspaper of the Caribbean island nation of Dominica.
 It was begun by Bishop Philip Schelfhaut in 1909 as the Dominica Chronicle, a bi-weekly publication.
 For many years afterward, it was known as "The New Chronicle" until it dropped the "New" from its title in 1996.
The Cayman Islands is a group of three islands in the Caribbean Sea.
 The first monthly publication on the islands was "The Gospel of the Kingdom", a religious themed newspaper founded in 1945.
 In 1964, the newspaper "Tradewinds" began publication.
 This was joined by the rival "Caymanian Weekly" in 1965.
 This was followed by a second weekly publication, the "Cayman Compass", which started in 1972.
 In 1974, the two weeklies merged to form the "Caymanian Compass".
 This became a bi-weekly publication in 1976, appearing on Tuesdays and Fridays.
Our Voice Today ("OVT") is a bi-weekly publication of NYSARC, Inc. Originally published as print newsletter Our Children's Voice in March 1949, "OVT" has a long history of providing information and resources related to individuals with intellectual and other developmental disabilities.
Schreiber Foods Inc., is a dairy company which produces and distributes natural cheese, processed cheese, cream cheese and yogurt.
 It is an employee-owned customer brand dairy company headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
 With more than $5 billion in annual sales, Forbes ranked Schreiber Foods as the 81st largest private employer in 2016.
Kiva Dunes is a public golf course located in Baldwin County, just west of Gulf Shores, Alabama.
 The course was designed by professional golfer Jerry Pate, and was immediately ranked #2 in Golf Digest's "Best New Public Course (US)" when it opened in 1995.
 More recently, the publication ranked the course #58 on "America’s 100 Greatest Public Courses".
 GolfLink currently lists Kiva Dunes as one of the best golf course in the state  and it is ranked #44 in Golf Week's "Top 100 Resort Courses" and #76 in their "Top 100 Residential Courses".
The Massachusetts Register is the bi-weekly publication mandated by the Administrative Procedures Act (Massachusetts General Law Chapter 30A); it is an official organ of the Massachusetts state government.
 The Register publishes new and amended regulations; notices of hearings and comment periods related to prospective or draft regulations; and a cumulative index of regulatory changes for the current year.
 The Register also publishes notices of public interest, as well as opinions of the Attorney General and Executive Orders.
 The Register is a printed publication; online subscription is also available.
 This era of publication of the Massachusetts Register began in April 1976.
