The 39th Annual César Awards ceremony, presented by the French Academy of Cinema Arts and Techniques (Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma), was held on 28 February 2014, at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris. "
Me, Myself and Mum" received ten nominations, "Stranger by the Lake" and "Blue Is the Warmest Colour" both received eight nominations each.
The 38th Annual César Awards ceremony, presented by the French Academy of Cinema Arts and Techniques (Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma), was held on 22 February 2013, at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris.
 The ceremony was chaired by Jamel Debbouze, with Antoine de Caunes as master of ceremonies.
 Nominations were announced 25 January 2013.
 Michael Haneke's film "Amour", nominated in ten categories, won in five, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor and Best Actress.
The César Award for Best Editing (French: "César du meilleur montage" ) is one of the annual César Awards given by the Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma.
 Eligible films are usually in the French language.
The 38th Ariel Awards ceremony, organized by the Mexican Academy of Film Arts and Sciences (AMACC) took place on July 22, 1996, in Mexico City.
 During the ceremony, AMACC presented the Ariel Award in 25 categories honoring films released in 1995. "
Sin Remitente" received four awards out of 14 nominations, including Best Picture and Best Director for Carlos Carrera. "
La Reina de la Noche" was the most awarded film with six awards; "La Línea Paterna" and "Sobrenatural" with three; "Dulces Compañías", "El Anzuelo" and "Mujeres Insumisas" with two; and "Entre Pancho Villa y Una Mujer Desnuda", "Domingo Siete", "De Tripas, Corazón", and "El Abuelo Cheno y Otras Historias" with one.
The People's Choice Podcast Awards, better known as the Podcast Awards, are a global awards given annually to the best podcasts as voted by the general public.
 Founded in 2005 by Todd Cochrane of Podcast Connect Inc., the Podcast Awards changed hands for a short period by New Media Expo in September 2014 until New Media Expos demise.
 The first Podcast Awards show was held in 2006 (awarding shows for the 2005 calendar year) had over 350,000 people vote for their nominated podcasts, with nearly 1000 people attending the awards ceremony.
 The 10th annual Podcast Awards Show, the first show run exclusively by the New Media Expo, took place at Westgate Las Vegas Resort and Casino on April 14, 2015.
 It was hosted by Chris Jericho and Emily Morse.
 The 12th Annual event started with a complete site rebuild and change to the overall process.
The Appy Awards, presented on 11 April 2011, marked successful and popular applications (generally known as "apps") for mobile devices.
 Sponsored by The Carphone Warehouse, Europe's largest independent mobile phone retailer, awards were presented in ten categories in a ceremony hosted by television presenters Richard Hammond and Amanda Byram.
 According to the sponsors, it was "the UK's first major app awards ceremony designed to recognise innovation and development in app technology."
 The company hoped to make it an annual event.
The 37th César Awards ceremony, presented by the French Academy of Cinema Arts and Techniques (Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma), was held on 24 February 2012, at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris.
 The awards honoured the best films of 2011. "
The Artist" won six out of its ten nominations, including Best Film, Best Director (Michel Hazanavicius), Best Actress (Bérénice Bejo), and Best Cinematography (Guillaume Schiffman).
 The ceremony was chaired by Guillaume Canet, with Antoine de Caunes as master of ceremonies.
 Nominations were announced 27 January 2012.
The 13th Annual Kids' Choice Awards Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards originated from the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles, live on Nickelodeon on Saturday, April 15, 2000 at 8:00 p.m. Eastern.
 LL Cool J, David Arquette, Rosie O'Donnell, Mandy Moore and Frankie Muniz were the hosts.
 15 million youngsters participated in the voting, and for the first time, ten categories were exclusive to on-line voters.
 Will Smith was a top nominee and took home three orange Blimp Awards for Favorite Male Singer, Favorite Song and Favorite Song From A Movie for his work on "Wild Wild West".
 Will's son Trey accompanies him on stage to accept one of the awards.
 17,000 youngsters attended the event.
 Additionally, Will Smith received Nickelodeon's highest honor of the day, a sliming.
The 12th Youth in Film Awards ceremony (now known as the Young Artist Awards), presented by the Youth in Film Association, honored outstanding youth performers under the age of 21 in the fields of film, television and music for the 1989-1990 season.
 The exact date of the 12th annual ceremony is unknown, however, using the dates of the 11th and 13th annual awards, the 12th annual ceremony is believed to have taken place in late 1990 or early 1991 in Hollywood, California.
The 42nd César Awards ceremony, presented by the Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma, was held on 24 February 2017, at the Salle Pleyel in Paris to honour the best French films of 2016.
 Jérôme Commandeur hosted the César Awards ceremony for the first time.
