The Seven Lamps of Architecture is an extended essay, first published in May 1849 and written by the English art critic and theorist John Ruskin.
 The 'lamps' of the title are Ruskin's principles of architecture, which he later enlarged upon in the three-volume "The Stones of Venice".
 To an extent, they codified some of the contemporary thinking behind the Gothic Revival.
 At the time of its publication A. W. N. Pugin and others had already advanced the ideas of the Revival and it was well under way in practice.
 Ruskin offered little new to the debate, but the book helped to capture and summarise the thoughts of the movement.
 "The Seven Lamps" also proved a great popular success, and received the approval of the ecclesiologists typified by the Cambridge Camden Society, who criticised in their publication "The Ecclesiologist" lapses committed by modern architects in ecclesiastical commissions.
A number of institutions and locations have been named after John Ruskin, including two places in the United States and one in Canada.
 For a short period "Ruskin" was also adopted as a forename.
 The name Ruskin is derived from the old given name Rose and the diminutive Kin.
Unto This Last is an essay and book on economy by John Ruskin, first published in December 1860 in the monthly journal "Cornhill Magazine" in four articles.
 Ruskin says himself that these articles were "very violently criticized", forcing the publisher to stop the publication after four months.
 Subscribers sent protest letters.
 But Ruskin countered the attack and published the four articles in a book in May 1862.
 The book greatly influenced the nonviolent activist Mohandas Gandhi.
The Ruskin Pottery was an English pottery studio founded in 1898 by Edward R. Taylor, the first Principal of both the Lincoln School of Art and the Birmingham School of Art, to be run by his son, William Howson Taylor, formerly a student there.
 It was named after the artist, writer and social thinker John Ruskin, as the Taylors agreed with, and followed the tenets of Ruskin.
 The pottery was situated at 173-174 Oldbury Road, Smethwick, then in Staffordshire (now part of Sandwell, in the West Midlands county).
The Passion of John Ruskin is a Canadian short film released in 1994 based on the love life of writer and critic John Ruskin.
 It is directed by Alex Chapple, starring Mark McKinney as Ruskin, and Neve Campbell as his first wife Effie Gray.
 The film focuses on Ruskin's persistence to not consummate his marriage with Gray.
The Ruskin Colony (or Ruskin Commonwealth Association) was a utopian socialist colony which existed near Tennessee City in Dickson County, Tennessee from 1894 to 1896.
 The colony moved to a slightly more permanent second settlement on an old farm five miles north from 1896 to 1899, and saw another brief incarnation near Waycross, in southern Georgia, from 1899 until it finally dissolved in 1901.
 Its regional location within the Southern United States set it apart from many other similar utopian projects of the era.
 At its high point, the population was around 250.
 The colony was named after John Ruskin, the English socialist writer.
 A cave on the colony's second property in Dickson County still carries his name.
 The site of the colony's second settlement in Dickson County is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Modern Painters (1843–60) is a five-volume work by the eminent Victorian art critic, John Ruskin, begun when he was 24 years old.
 Ruskin argues that recent painters emerging from the tradition of the picturesque are superior in the art of landscape to the old masters.
 The book was primarily written as a defence of the later work of J.M.W. Turner.
 Ruskin used the book to argue that art should devote itself to the accurate documentation of nature.
 In Ruskin's view, Turner had developed from early detailed documentation of nature to a later more profound insight into natural forces and atmospheric effects.
 It was in his 1842 visit to Switzerland that Ruskin collected material used to form the basis of Vol One.
Ruskin is a rural, naturally-treed community, about 35 miles (55 kilometres) east of Vancouver on the north shore of the Fraser River.
 It was named around 1900 after of the English art critic, essayist, and prominent social thinker John Ruskin.
Ruskin College, originally known as Ruskin Hall, Oxford, is an independent educational institution in Oxford, England.
 It is named after the essayist and social critic John Ruskin (1819–1900) and specialises in providing educational opportunities for adults with few or no qualifications.
John Ruskin is a painting of the leading Victorian art critic John Ruskin (1819–1900).
 It was painted by the Pre-Raphaelite artist John Everett Millais (1829–1896) during 1853–54.
 John Ruskin was an early advocate of the Pre-Raphaelite group of artists and part of their success was due to his efforts.
