Belle Gold (née French), briefly known as Lacey, is a fictional character in ABC's television series "Once Upon a Time".
 She is portrayed by Emilie de Ravin, who became a series regular in the second season and onwards after making recurring appearances in the first season, and has become a fan favorite since her debut.
 She is both based on the character from "Beauty and the Beast" by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont, and the Disney princess of the 1991 film of the same name.
Anna Milton is a fictional character portrayed by actress Julie McNiven on The CW Television Network's drama and horror television series "Supernatural".
 First appearing in the fourth season, Anna is a fallen angel who champions humanity over her own kind; because she is fallen, she is a hunted fugitive of Heaven with a death sentence on her head.
 She is initially an ally to series protagonists Sam and Dean Winchester as well as to Castiel, but becomes an antagonist in her final episode when her method for averting the Apocalypse in the fifth season pits her against them.
 Although McNiven received general praise for her debut and chemistry with actor Jensen Ackles, who portrays Dean, critics thought that the character lacked direction in her later appearances and questioned her ultimate betrayal.
Lionel Luthor is a fictional character portrayed by John Glover in the television series "Smallville".
 The character was initially a recurring guest in season one, and became a series regular in season two and continued until being written out of the show in season seven.
 The character returned to the show in season ten again as a recurring guest role as a parallel universe (Earth-2) version of the character.
 In "Smallville", Lionel Luthor is the father of Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum), and founder and CEO of LuthorCorp.
 Lex Luthor's father was first introduced in "Superman" comics by Jerry Siegel in 1961 and has since appeared in other Superman-related media under different names.
 "Smallville" is the first appearance in which the character has been an intricate part of a Superman adaptation.
 Series developers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar created Lionel Luthor for "Smallville" to provide an antithesis to the parenting style of Jonathan Kent (John Schneider) and Martha Kent (Annette O'Toole).
Selina Catherine Meyer ( ; née Eaton) is a fictional character portrayed by Julia Louis-Dreyfus on the HBO television comedy series "Veep".
 Louis-Dreyfus has been critically acclaimed for the role, earning a record-breaking six consecutive Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series awards and five Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy nominations.
Gwen Cooper is a fictional character portrayed by Welsh actress Eve Myles in the BBC science-fiction television programme "Torchwood", a spin-off of the long-running series "Doctor Who".
 The lead female character, Gwen featured in every episode of the show's 2006–11 run, as well as two 2008 crossover episodes of "Doctor Who".
 Gwen appears in Expanded Universe material such as the "Torchwood" novels and audiobooks, comic books and radio plays.
"La India María" (born María Nicolasa Cruz) is a fictional character portrayed and created by actress María Elena Velasco.
 The character frequently endures situations of racial discrimination, classism, and corruption, although in all of these turmoils, María undoubtedly resolves them with hilarious acts of good-nature and morality.
 She has represented the poor indigenous, the migrant worker, and even free-spirited nuns for over 30 years.
 She has been the lead character in 16 films and in a spin-off television series entitled, "Ay María Qué Puntería".
 Most recently, the character has appeared in cameo appearances in the television programs "Mujer, casos de la vida real" and "La familia P. Luche".
Timmy Martin is a fictional character portrayed by child actor Jon Provost in the long-running television series "Lassie" (1954–1973).
 Provost debuted in the first episode of the fourth season, "The Runaway" (1957), as the fictional foster child of farm woman Ellen Miller.
 Both the character and its portrayer were hits with the show's audience.
 In the middle of the fourth season series star George Cleveland died unexpectedly and producers were forced to overhaul the show.
 Timmy was fostered (see season 11 Episodes 9, 10 & 11 when the Martins leave Timmy behind to go to Australia and New Lassie Season 1 episode 7 when Timmy (Jon) now adopted and goes by Steve McCough and June Lockhart are reunited) by newcomers to the series Paul Martin and his wife, Ruth, who purchase the Miller farm.
Kimball Cho is a fictional character portrayed by Tim Kang on the American TV crime drama "The Mentalist".
 Cho is a former agent for the California Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and is currently an FBI special agent.
 Cho serves as the polar opposite to Patrick Jane, but is keen to learn his powers of observation.
 He is portrayed as straightforward and direct, but sometimes makes witty jokes with much of the humour lying in his ability to deadpan.
 According to The Mentalist Code, he received his name from Dr. Richard Kimble, just as Red John received his name from Fred Johnson, the one-armed man on "The Fugitive".
Tom Friendly, often referred to as Tom or Mr. Friendly, is a fictional character portrayed by M. C. Gainey on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) television series "Lost".
 The series follows the lives of around forty survivors from the crash of Oceanic Flight 815.
 The survivors find themselves on a mysterious tropical island, and interact with a group known as the Others, who appear to have lived on the island since long before the crash.
 Tom is an influential member of the Others, and is introduced in 2005 in the season one finale "Exodus: Part 2", where he kidnaps one of the survivors.
 The character makes another fifteen appearances before being killed in the season three finale "Through the Looking Glass".
 Tom appears twice in season four in the flashbacks of other characters.
 Gainey was initially credited as playing "bearded man" and then as "Mr. Friendly" throughout season two before the character was given a first name.
 In a montage of deceased characters shown at Comic-Con in 2009, the "Lost" producers present the character's full name as "Tom Friendly".
Anthony "Tony" Almeida is a fictional character portrayed by Carlos Bernard on the television series "24".
 Almeida appeared in a total of 124 episodes (including ""), the third highest number of episodes of any character in the series behind Chloe O'Brian (125) and Jack Bauer (192), portrayed by Mary Lynn Rajskub and Kiefer Sutherland, respectively.
