Andy Frankenberger is a professional poker player and former equity derivatives trader from New York City.
 In his first year as a professional poker player, Frankenberger was named World Poker Tour (WPT) Season IX Player of the Year.
 Card Player Magazine described this as one of poker's best rookie years in a September 2011 cover story.
 Frankenberger followed this up by winning back to back bracelets at the World Series of Poker in 2011 and 2012.
 He has been prominently featured in financial media including The Wall Street Journal, Fox Business Network, and Bloomberg Television.
Howard Henry Lederer (born October 30, 1963) is an American professional poker player.
 He has won two World Series of Poker bracelets and holds two World Poker Tour titles.
 Lederer has also contributed to several books on poker strategy and has provided commentary for poker programming.
 He is known by poker fans and players as "The Professor" and is the older brother of professional poker player Annie Duke.
Astro Boy (アストロボーイ・鉄腕アトム , Asutoro Bōi: Tetsuwan Atomu , lit.
 "Astro Boy: Mighty Atom") is a remake of the 1960s anime series of the same name created by Osamu Tezuka, which was produced by his company, Tezuka Productions, Sony Pictures Entertainment Japan, Dentsu, and Fuji Television network.
 It was also shown on Animax, who have broadcast the series across its respective networks worldwide, including Japan, Southeast Asia, South Asia, East Asia, and other regions.
 It was created to celebrate the birth date of Atom/Astro Boy (as well as the 40th anniversary of the original TV series).
 Under the original English name (instead of "Mighty Atom"), it kept the same classic art style as the original manga and anime, but was revisioned and modernized with more lush, high-quality, near-theatrical animation and visuals.
 It combined the playfulness of the early anime with the darker, more serious and dramatic Science fiction themes of the manga and the 1980 series.
 The anime broadcast in Japan on the same date as Atom's/Astro's birth in the manga (April 6, 2003) across Animax and Fuji Television.
 It was directed by Kazuya Konaka and written by Chiaki J. Konaka at the beginning of the series.
 Other writers included were Keiichi Hasegawa, Sadayuki Murai, Ai Ohta, Hirotoshi Kobayashi, Kenji Konuta, and Marc Handler, who was also executive story editor.
Raymond Rahme (born 1945) is a South African professional poker player.
 He was the first African to reach a final table at a World Series of Poker Main Event, finishing third and earning $3,048,025, equating to some R21,000,000 in his own country."
 He took his seat at the 2007 Main Event by finishing fourth at the All Africa Poker Championship, the largest poker tournament ever played on the African continent.
 Because of this windfall, Rahme has made more money than any other African tournament poker player.
Daniel Negreanu ( ; born July 26, 1974) is a Canadian professional poker player who has won six World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelets and two World Poker Tour (WPT) championship titles.
 The independent poker ranking service Global Poker Index (GPI) recognised Negreanu as the best poker player of the decade in 2014.
Hippolytus or Hipolit (died c. 1027) was an early medieval archbishop of Gniezno.
 His place and date of birth date are unknown but the medieval historian Jan Długosz claims that he was of noble birth and a Roman citizen.
 Modern scholars generally agree that he was not Polish.
David Catapano is an American celebrity chef, professional poker player, and reality television personality.
 He is known for his mastery in Italian Cuisine and his self-developed "Twisted Mediterranean" style.
 However, he is most notable for having appeared on a wide variety of cooking TV shows, including the long-running FoodyTV show "Italian Style with Chef Catman" and "Food Network" shows such as iron chef and chopped.
 Over the years he pioneered several catchphrases, including "My Kitchen, My rules!"
, "Bada Bing!"
 and "Why, No?"
 Catapano is an avid poker player and has played professionally and for large charity events.
 Sometimes billed a Celebrity Poker Player because of his chef profile.
Dag Palovič (* 4 January 1975, Bratislava) is a Slovak professional poker player, businessman and a former TV host.
 Since 1 January 2011, he is a member of PokerStars Team Pro, first and as of October 2011 only sponsored poker player from Slovakia.
 He is best known for making two European Poker Tour (EPT) final tables as well as being the only player from Slovakia who has cashed in the World Series of Poker (WSOP) Main Event, finishing 120th in 2009 and 37th in 2010.
 As of March 2013, he is second leading Slovak all time money list with career earnings of $909,405 and is also an author of first Slovak poker book on poker titled "Ako sa stať poker pro" (How to become a poker pro), co-authored by 1983 World Series Of Poker champion Tom McEvoy.
 From 2000 until 2004 he was CEO and Chairman Of The Board of Directors of "ad pepper media Slovakia, a.s.", the daughter company of one of the world´s leading e-Adverising german-dutch agency "ad pepper media International N.V." for Slovak and Czech Republic.
The Poker Player's Championship is a $50,000 buy-in event at the World Series of Poker (WSOP).
 Added in the 2010, it replaced the former $50,000 H.O.R.S.E. World Championship as the highest-stakes mixed-games event.
 Up until the 2012 World Series of Poker, it was the highest-buy-in poker tournament featured at the WSOP.
 Unlike the previous five-game rotation of H.O.R.S.E. and the eight-game rotation that followed, The Poker Player's Championship became a 10-game mix in 2015, containing limit 2–7 triple draw lowball, limit Texas hold'em, limit Omaha/8B, limit razz, limit seven-card stud, limit seven card stud/8B, no-limit Texas hold'em with antes, pot-limit Omaha, badugi, and 2–7 no-limit draw lowball.
 The final table was played out exclusively in no-limit Texas hold'em in 2010 and 2011 to appeal to television viewers.
 Since then the event has not televised and played out in a mixed-game format for its duration.
Thomas Day Singleton (Birth date unknown – November 25, 1833) was a United States Representative from South Carolina.
 He was born near Kingstree, South Carolina but his birth date is unknown.
