Povokvil Waterfalls is a waterfall in Kampot Province, Cambodia.
 It is located about 3 mi north-east of Bokor Hill Station.
 It is a two-tiered fall, with a shallow pool in between.
Humanimal is a 2009 Chilean film by Francesc Morales.
 The film is fantastic horror movie set on a world where animals have taken over humans and tells the story of how an innocent Turtle becomes corrupt as he is exposed to sex and violence.
 The cast includes recognized Chilean actors such as Ramón Llao, Jenny Cavallo and Sebastián Layseca.
 Because most characters are animals the film has absolutely no dialog, so it is considered one of the few modern silent films.
Lonavala station (Marathi: लोणावळा रेल्वे स्थानक ) is a train station in Lonavla town, a hill station in the state of Maharashtra in India.
 Lonavala station is the origin of Lonavala – Pune Suburban Trains.
 17 suburban trains operate on the Pune – Lonavala route.
 Lonavla is also a halt for Mumbai – Pune Express and Mail trains.
 The Karjat – Pune passenger train also has a halt at Lonavala.
 Trains traveling on the Kalyan – Pune route also halt at Lonavala.
 This station leads access to Lonavala town and nearby areas like Karla Caves, Bhaja Caves, Lohagad, Visapur Fort, Bhushi Dam and Bor Ghat (Khandala Ghat).
 Khandala hill station is just 8 km from Lonavla.
Bà Nà Hill Station (or Bà Nà Hills) is a hill station and resort located in the Trường Sơn Mountains west of the city of Da Nang, in central Vietnam.
 The station, advertised as "the Da Lat of Danang province" by local tourism authorities, was founded in 1919 by French colonists.
 Linh Ung Pagoda is situated near the station, with a cable car nearby to carry tourists to and from the resort.
 The Ba Na Cable Car, opened on 29 March 2013, holds the world record for "longest non-stop single track cable car" at 5801 metres in length.
!
Carlton Hill Station was a former railroad station for the Erie Railroad in the East Rutherford, New Jersey, United States.
 Carlton Hill station was the second station along the Erie's main line and the first station after Rutherford Junction, where the Erie's main line forked from the Bergen County Railroad.
 The station provided service for passengers in Rutherford and Wallington"s Carlton Hill district and freight billing for the Royce Chemical Company, producer of Royox.
 After Carlton Hill, the main line continued westward to Passaic Park and eastward to Rutherford–East Rutherford and Pavonia Terminal.
R-Point () is a 2004 Korean horror film written and directed by Kong Su-chang.
 Set in 1972 Vietnam, during the Vietnam War, it stars Kam Woo-sung and Son Byong-ho as members of the South Korean military in Vietnam.
 Most of the movie was shot in Cambodia.
 Bokor Hill Station plays a prominent part of the movie, in this case doubling as a colonial French plantation.
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids: Movie Set Adventure was a playground at Disney's Hollywood Studios in Orlando, Florida.
 It was located in the Streets of America area and was based on Disney's 1989 film, "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids".
 The playground, which opened almost a year after the film, featured 30 ft blades of grass, and was themed as a movie set for the giant backyard scenes from the film.
 It was closed in April 2016 to make room for the construction of on the same site.
City of Ghosts is a 2002 drama film co-written, directed by and starring Matt Dillon, about a con artist who must go to Cambodia to collect his share of money from an insurance scam.
 The film was made in Cambodia, in locations that include Phnom Penh and the Bokor Hill Station.
Nepenthes bokorensis is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Cambodia.
 It is known from Mount Bokor (also "Phnom Bokor" or Bokor Hill) in the south of the country, and an as yet undetermined specimen suggests that it may also be present in other parts of the Dâmrei Mountains of Kampot Province.
 The specific epithet "bokorensis" refers to both Mount Bokor and Bokor National Park.
Bokor Hill Station (in Khmer: កស្ថានីយភ្នំបូកគោ "Kosthany Phnom Bokor") refers to a collection of French colonial buildings (hotel & casino, church, royal residence etc. ), constructed as a temperate mountain luxury resort and retreat for colonial residents in the early 1920s atop Bokor Mountain in Preah Monivong National Park, about 37 km west of Kampot in southern Cambodia.
 Abandoned for long periods of time, modern infrastructure has made the location easily accessible as re-development is taking place.
 It was used as the location for the final showdown of the movie "City of Ghosts" (2002) and the 2004 film "R-Point".
 To the north-east are the Povokvil Waterfalls.
