The Very Best of Jerry Garcia is a compilation album with recordings by Jerry Garcia, Grateful Dead, Jerry Garcia Band, Old and in the Way, Jerry Garcia Acoustic Band, and Reconstruction.
 It is meant to showcase Jerry's non-Grateful Dead work.
The Promised Land: The Grateful Dead / Jerry Garcia Hebrew Project is a 2015 album by Sagol 59 and Ami Yares, featuring Hebrew language covers of songs by The Grateful Dead and Jerry Garcia.
 It was released on April 17, 2015.
 The album was followed, in August 2015, by "The Promised Land Acoustic Sessions" EP, which contained four additional recordings: Hebrew renditions of "Ripple", "Brown Eyed Women", "Friend of The Devil" and "Ship Of Fools".
 "The Pita Tapes" followed in March 2016, containing two unreleased demo recordings of songs often covered by The Grateful Dead and Garcia (Merle Haggard's "Mama Tried" and Johnny Russell's "Catfish John").
 A nine-track limited edition Vinyl LP was released on April 2016.
 On August 1, 2016, studio recordings of "Deep Elem Blues" and "Half-Step Mississippi Uptown Toodeloo" were released digitally, to coincide with Garcia's birthday.
 A live show recording was released digitally in April 2017 as "The Promised Land at The Deanery, Brooklyn NY 3-23-2017".
 Live in Cafe Bialik, Tel Aviv, a soundboard concert recording, was released July 4th, 2017.
Sunshine Becker (born Sunshine Flower Garcia on July 1, 1972) is an American singer who performed backing vocals for the band Furthur.
 Despite her maiden name, Garcia, she is not related to Jerry Garcia, an incorrect assumption made by some because of her involvement with Furthur, a post-Garcia incarnation of the Grateful Dead.
 Similarly, despite her first name, Sunshine, she is not to be confused with Sunshine Kesey, daughter of Ken Kesey and Carolyn Adams (aka Mountain Girl or MG), Jerry Garcia's second wife.
Sandy Rothman (born January 30, 1946, Miami, Florida) is a San Francisco Bay Area bluegrass multi-instrumentalist and record producer.
 He plays mandolin, dobro and banjo, and he also sings.
 Rothman was a friend and colleague of Grateful Dead bandleader Jerry Garcia, and a member of the Jerry Garcia Acoustic Band.
 He played bluegrass with Garcia and David Nelson as the Black Mountain Boys in 1964, and has played with Bill Monroe and his Blue Grass Boys, Earl Taylor, Red Allen, Jimmie Skinner, Larry Sparks, the Kentucky Colonels, Country Joe McDonald, Kathy Kallick and Clarence White, among other musicians.
 He has been described as "one of the chief biscuits when and where bluegrass music is discussed, scribed, or performed in northern California."
Reflections is Jerry Garcia's third solo album, released in 1976.
 Partway through production, Garcia stopped recording with his solo band and brought in the members of the Grateful Dead, who performed on four songs, plus a bonus jam from 2004 release.
 Three of the four Grateful Dead-performed songs had earlier live debuts: "Comes a Time" (1971), "They Love Each Other" (1973) and "It Must Have Been the Roses" (1974); "Might as Well" entered their rotation in 1976.
 Most of the songs entered the live rotation of the new Jerry Garcia Band as well.
"Sugaree" is a song written by long-time Grateful Dead lyricist Robert Hunter and composed by guitarist Jerry Garcia.
 It was written for Jerry Garcia's first solo album "Garcia", which was released in January 1972.
 As with the songs on the rest of the album, Garcia plays every instrument himself (except drums, played by Bill Kreutzmann), including acoustic guitar, bass guitar, and an electric guitar played through a Leslie speaker.
On Broadway: Act One – October 28th, 1987 is a three-CD live album by the Jerry Garcia Band and the Jerry Garcia Acoustic Band, two music groups led by Grateful Dead guitarist and singer Jerry Garcia.
 It contains three complete sets of music, recorded at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre in New York City on October 28, 1987.
 It was released by ATO Records on June 23, 2015.
Postcards of the Hanging is a compilation album by the Grateful Dead.
 It consists entirely of Bob Dylan covers, performed live in concert, along with a rehearsal performance of "Man of Peace" featuring the Grateful Dead backing Dylan himself.
 Bob Weir sings lead on six tracks, Jerry Garcia on two, and Brent Mydland on two.
 Another Dylan covers collection, "Garcia Plays Dylan", includes performances by the Grateful Dead, but mostly by the Jerry Garcia Band and other Garcia side projects.
Garcia Plays Dylan is an album composed of various live performances featuring Jerry Garcia playing covers of Bob Dylan songs.
 It is culled from performances from 1973–1995, and features Garcia playing with Grateful Dead, Legion of Mary, Jerry Garcia Band, and Garcia-Saunders.
 Garcia takes lead vocals on all tracks.
Cats Under the Stars is an album by the Jerry Garcia Band.
 Released in 1978, it is the only studio album credited to the band.
 It was Jerry Garcia's first album on the Arista label and his first LP using the band name Jerry Garcia Band.
 It includes only one song that was performed by the Grateful Dead.
 Keith and Donna Godchaux, who were at the time members of the Garcia Band, contributed to the music.
