A liability insurance company's duty to settle is defined as an implied obligation to by the insurer to a policyholder and to a claimant to attempt "in good faith to effectuate prompt, fair, and equitable settlements of claims in which liability has become reasonably clear."
 To the surprise of many, a typical liability insurance policy makes no express contractual promise to settle.
 In California, "an insurer, who wrongfully refuses to accept a reasonable settlement within the policy limits is liable for the entire judgment against the insured even if it exceeds the policy limits."
 A rationale for this duty is that "[w]hen an offer is made to settle a claim in excess of policy limits for an amount within policy limits, a genuine and immediate conflict of interest arises between carrier and assured."
 "An insurer who denies coverage does so at its own risk.
 Such factors as a belief that the policy does not provide coverage, should not affect a decision as to whether the settlement offer in question is a reasonable one."
 "It is the duty of the insurer to keep the insured informed of settlement offers." "
[A]n insurer potentially can be liable for unreasonably coercing an insured to contribute to a settlement fund."
Fraley, et al. v. Facebook, Inc., et al. is a class action lawsuit filed in California against Facebook alleging misappropriation of Facebook users' names and likenesses in advertisements called "Sponsored Stories".
 The case resulted in the parties reaching a settlement.
 Settlement checks in the amount of $15.00 were distributed to class members beginning November 17, 2016.
Nilmoni Tagore (1721-1791) was a scion of Tagore family who, founded the Jorasanko branch of Tagore family leaving the old house of Pathuriaghata.
 In year 1758, he started to build the, what is now known as Jorasanko Thakur Bari.
 Nilmoni and Darpnarayan were two sons of Jairam Thakur, who was employed with British East India Company.
 While Darpnarayan developed his business and lands, Nilmoni chose to serve British and rose to the Serishtadarship of District Court.
 He received an amount of Rupees One lakh from his brother Darpnarayan, as a settlement amount of family dispute and shifted to Jorasanko and built house there.
Al Utouriya is a settlement in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al-Shahaniya.
 It used to be part of the Al Jemailiya municipality before the municipality was incorporated into Al Rayyan.
 In 2014, the settlement was incorporated into the newly-created Al-Shahaniya Municipality.
Damian Wayne or Damian al Ghul (Arabic: داميان الغول) is a fictional superhero and at times antihero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Batman.
 He is the son of Batman and Talia al Ghul (Arabic: تاليا الغول), and thus, the grandson of Batman villain Ra's al Ghul.
 The character originally appeared as an unnamed infant in the 1987 story "", which at that time was not considered canon.
 Following this, various alternate universe stories dealt with the character's life, giving him various names.
 In 2006, the character was reinterpreted as Damian Wayne by Grant Morrison, and introduced into the main continuity in "Batman" #655, the first issue of the "Batman and Son" story arc.
 Damian Wayne is the fifth character to assume the role of Robin, Batman's vigilante partner.
Kasia Al Thani (born in Kraków, Poland) was the third wife of Abdelaziz bin Khalifa Al Thani, the son of Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani.
 She grew up in Los Angeles, United States and holds Barack Obama in high regard.
 She met her future husband in Paris (who since 1992 lived in exile in France), allegedly converted to Islam (she doesn't wear the hijab), they married and she became his third wife.
 They have three daughters together: Sheikha Malak, Sheika Yasmin and Sheikha Reem.
 In 2007/2008, she launched a luxury gift shopping website called Savoir-Faire.
com.
 She discovered fraudulent activity on her husband's account at Barclays Bank in Marbella and spearheaded a €50m/£40m legal action against the bank.
 In 2009, Barclays settled for an undisclosed amount.
 Afterwards, she filed for divorce.
 She resides in Paris, France, rarerly visits the Middle East and doesn't consider herself Qatari.
 In 2012, she recommended to her close friend Baptiste Giabiconi, to date Katy Perry.
Parás is a rural municipal town in the state of Nuevo León, Mexico, founded on February 17, 1851.
 It lies southwest of the Falcón Reservoir in Tamaulipas.
 It was founded in what was known as "Rancho Huizachal de los Canales".
 The name "Parás" is derived from Jose María Parás y Ballesteros, the first constitutional governor of Nuevo León.
 Prior to the settlement the land was Gualeno Indian Tribe Territory and left many artifact the biggest being Piedras Pintas just a few miles northwest of the town.
 The town is small in size but it has many smaller settlements and ranches under municipality jurisdiction.
 The people of Parás live of ranching and agriculture.
 The population is not large at all due to the amount of people who fleeted throughout the years to the U.S. seeking employment.
 The town is usually at its fullest of capacity during American holidays when its residents go back home.
 It is well known for the increasing amount of whitetail deer, bringing in hunters from all over.
 It is also known for its local festivities, the biggest being on the following Saturday of its anniversary February 17.
 The town celebrates by making a "cabalgata" a horse trail ride from its neighboring town Agualeguas back to the town.
 The festival has many of the town's traditional dishes example: Pansaje, cabrito en sangre, dulce de frijol, tamales de venado, milk candies, sweet bread, etc.
 Then at night the day comes to an end with a dance at the Club Femenil in front of the town's plaza with live music Norteno bands like Los Rancheritos del Topo Chico or an Orchestra band like JLB y Cia.
 The plaza is popular being located in the center of the town surrounded by two churches, the dance hall, food marts, elementary school and the city hall.
The following is a list of the 20 largest settlements reached between the United States Department of Justice and pharmaceutical companies from 1991 to 2012, ordered by the size of the total settlement.
 The settlement amount includes both the civil (False Claims Act) settlement and criminal fine.
 Glaxo's $3 billion settlement included the largest civil, False Claims Act settlement on record, and Pfizer’s $2.3 billion settlement including a record-breaking $1.3 billion criminal fine.
 Legal claims against the pharmaceutical industry have varied widely over the past two decades, including Medicare and Medicaid fraud, off-label promotion, and inadequate manufacturing practices.
 With respect to off-label promotion, specifically, a federal court recognized off-label promotion as a violation of the False Claims Act for the first time in Franklin v. Parke-Davis, leading to a $430 million settlement.
Tell El Sakan was an important ancient Egyptian maritime settlement during the early Bronze Age, situated at the mouth of wadi Ghazzeh.
 Its geographical situation endowed it with a position of importance at the crossroads on the land based trade routes to Arabia, the Egyptian empire to the south and the Canaan region to the north.
 The site (dated between 3500-2350 BCE) appears to be the predecessor to the Tell al-'Ajjul settlement, where geomorphological dynamics of the estuary caused settlement trans-location or abandonment.
 The site dates from a period prior to the Egyptian military domination of the Levant.
 The pottery finds at Tell es-Sakan along with Tell al-'Ajjul shows a strong ancient Egyptian link to the area, while the Bronze Age settlement at Taur Ikhbeineh has revealed a more localised pottery production with Egyptian-Canaanite interaction.
Mana Al Otaiba (Arabic: مانع العتيبه‎ ‎ ) was born on 15 May 1946 to Saeed Al Otaiba in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates.
 Little else is known about Al Otaiba's personal life.
 Al Otaiba is the former Minister of Petroleum and Mineral Resources of the United Arab Emirates under the Presidency of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan.
 Al Otaiba then became his Personal Adviser until the president's death, after which he became the Private Advisor to Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan , as well as a member of the Royal Moroccan Academy under King Hassan II.
 His son is Yousef Al Otaiba.
