Warrensburg is a town in Warren County, New York, United States.
 It is centrally located in the county, west of Lake George.
 It is part of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The town population was 4,255 at the 2000 census.
 While the county is named after General Joseph Warren, the town is named after James Warren, a prominent early settler.
 U.S. Route 9 passes through the town, which is immediately west of Interstate 87 (The Northway).
 According to the 2000 United States Census, the town's main hamlet, also recognized by the U.S. Census Bureau as a census-designated place (CDP), comprises less than one-fifth of the town's total area, yet has about 75% of the town's population.
 The Warrensburg CDP's population density is more than fourteen times that of the town outside the CDP.
Catawissa was a historic tugboat located at Waterford in Saratoga County, New York.
 She was built in 1896-1897 by Harlan and Hollingsworth of Wilmington, Delaware for the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad to tow coal barges between ports on the Eastern Seaboard.
 She was 158 feet in length, 19 feet in beam and 18 feet in depth.
 She was registered at 558 gross tons.
 She had a riveted steel framed and plated hull.
Southern Columbia Area School District is a small, rural, public school district located in Catawissa, Pennsylvania.
 It serves communities in two counties.
 In Columbia County the district serves: Catawissa Borough, Catawissa Township, Locust Township, Roaring Creek Township, and Cleveland Township.
 This includes the boroughs of: Slabtown and Numidia.
 In Northumberland County it serves Ralpho Township.
 Southern Columbia Area School District encompasses approximately 108 sqmi .
 According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 9,803.
 By 2010, the US Census Bureau reported that the district's population increased to 10,386 people.
 The per capita income of residents was $18,969 in 2009, while the median family income was $45,889.
 In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010.
 The district is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania.
Ancón is a corregimiento in Panamá District, Panamá Province, Panama with a population of 29,761 as of 2010.
 Its population as of 1990 was 11,518; its population as of 2000 was 11,169.
 It is sometimes considered a suburb or small town within Panama City, northeast of the limits of the town of Balboa.
 Ancon Hill is also the name of a large hill that overlooks Panama City and once served as a form of protection from pirates and sea invasion.
 The township was originally located around this hill, and was created to house employees of the Panama Canal during its construction.
 As part of the construction effort, the historic Gorgas Army Hospital was founded and built on the hillside.
 The first ship to officially transit the canal, SS "Ancon" , was named after the district.
 The community continued to serve as housing for employees of the Panama Canal Company until 1980, when parts of it began to be turned over to the Panamanian government under the 1977 Torrijos-Carter Treaties.
 Modern-day Ancón is a "corregimiento" (the Panamanian equivalent of a suburb in the United States) of Panama City, serving mainly as a residential area.
 The Gorgas Army Hospital building is now the Panamanian Oncology Hospital, primarily used for cancer research.
 The area also houses Panama's Supreme Court, just a few feet away from the Gorgas Army Hospital building, and several Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute buildings for research into tropical biology.
 Ancón is also a parish ("parroquia") of the District of Panama, located in the Panama Canal adjacent area.
The Jeff Davis County Courthouse is located in the town of Fort Davis, the seat of Jeff Davis County in the U.S. state of Texas.
 The courthouse was constructed between 1910-1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Texas Historical Commission (THC) has also designated the building as a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark since 2000 and, along with the surrounding courthouse square, as a State Antiquities Landmark since 2003.
 The surrounding county and county seat, along with the nearby historic frontier fort at Fort Davis National Historic Site, are named after Jefferson Davis, who served as U.S. war secretary at the time of the establishment of the fort and the town, and who would later become president of the Confederate States of America during the Civil War.
Taifa is a town in the Ga East Municipal District, a district in the Greater Accra Region of south-eastern Ghana near the capital Accra.
 Taifa is the twenty-sixth largest settlement in Ghana, in terms of population, with a population of 68,459 people.
 Taifa is located in the northwest suburbs area of Accra.
 It has a breakpoint on a railway line and a small park located on the northern edge of the location of the Taifa Ghana Atomic Energy Commission.
 At the Ghana 2000 census of 26 March 2000, the population was 26,145 inhabitants living in the city.
 Projections of 1 January 2007 estimated the population to be 48,927 inhabitants.
 In the census of 1984 there was only 1,009 inhabitants.
 The strong population growth of the Town is influenced by, among other things, a large number of illegal immigrants from west African countries who move to towns and villages near the industrial town of Tema, just to find a job.
Mogollon, also called the Mogollon Historic District, is a former mining town located in the Mogollon Mountains in Catron County, New Mexico, in the United States.
 Located east of Glenwood and Alma, it was founded in the 1880s at the bottom of Silver Creek Canyon to support the gold and silver mines in the surrounding mountains.
 A mine called "Little Fannie" became the most important source of employment for the town's populus.
 During the 1890s Mogollon had a transient population of between 3,000 and 6,000 miners and, because of its isolation, had a reputation as one of the wildest mining towns in the West.
 Today Mogollon is listed as Fannie Hill Mill and Company Town Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.
East Grinstead is a town and civil parish in the northeastern corner of Mid Sussex district of West Sussex in England near the East Sussex, Surrey, and Kent borders.
 It lies 27 mi south of London, 21 mi north northeast of Brighton, and 38 mi east northeast of the county town of Chichester.
 The civil parish covers an area of 2443.45 ha and had a population of 23,942 persons in the 2001 census.
 The population of the town at the 2011 Census was 26,383.
 Nearby towns include Crawley and Horley to the west, Tunbridge Wells to the east and Redhill and Reigate to the northwest.
 The town is contiguous with the village of Felbridge to the northwest.
 Until 1974 East Grinstead was the centre for local government - East Grinstead Urban District Council - and was located in the county of East Sussex.
 East Grinstead, along with Haywards Heath and Burgess Hill, as part of the former Cuckfield Rural District Council, came together as Mid-Sussex; moving to the jurisdiction of West Sussex County Council.
 The town has many historic buildings and is located on the Greenwich Meridian.
 It is located in the Weald and Ashdown Forest lies to the south-east of the town.
Warrenton is a town in Fauquier County, Virginia, United States.
 The population was 9,611 at the 2010 census, up from 6,670 at the 2000 census.
 The estimated population in 2015 was 9,897.
 Warrenton is the county seat of Fauquier County.
 It is at the junction of U.S. Route 15, U.S. Route 17, U.S. Route 29, and U.S. Route 211.
 The town is in the Piedmont region of Virginia, east of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
 The well-known Airlie Conference Center is 3 mi north of Warrenton, and the historic Vint Hill Farms military facility is 9 mi east.
 Fauquier Hospital is located in the town.
 Surrounded by Virginia wine and horse country, Warrenton is a popular destination outside of Washington, D.C.
K. Whittelsey is a historic tugboat located at Kingston, Ulster County, New York.
 She was built in 1930, and is a 185 gross ton diesel tugboat measuring 90 feet, 6 inches, long.
 She was built by Spedden Shipbuilders of Baltimore, Maryland and towed oil barges.
