At the Movies (originally Siskel & Ebert & the Movies, and later At the Movies with Ebert and Roeper) is a movie review television program produced by Disney-ABC Domestic Television in which two film critics share their opinions of newly released films.
 Its original hosts were Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel, the former hosts of "Sneak Previews" on PBS (1975–1982) and a similarly-titled syndicated series (1982–1986).
 Following Siskel's death in 1999, Ebert worked with various guest critics until choosing "Chicago Sun-Times" colleague Richard Roeper as his regular partner in 2000.
The Great Movies is the name of several publications, both online and in print, from the film critic Roger Ebert.
 The object was, as Ebert put it, to "make a tour of the landmarks of the first century of cinema."
Ebert Presents: At the Movies was a weekly, nationally syndicated movie review television program produced and presented by film critic Roger Ebert and co-produced by his wife, Chaz Ebert.
 The program aired on public television stations in the United States through American Public Television.
RogerEbert.com is a film review website that archives film critic Roger Ebert's reviews for the "Chicago Sun-Times" and also shares other critics' reviews and essays.
 Ebert handpicked writers from around the world to contribute to the website.
 After Ebert died in 2013, the website was relaunched under Ebert Digital, a partnership between Ebert, his wife Chaz, and friend Josh Golden, begun while Ebert was still alive.
Who Killed Bambi?
 was to be the first film featuring the punk rock band the Sex Pistols, and was due to be released in 1978.
 Russ Meyer and then Jonathan Kaplan were due to direct from a script by Roger Ebert and Pistols' manager Malcolm McLaren.
 The film was intended as a punk rock version of "A Hard Day's Night".
 Ebert asserted that only a day and a half's worth of shooting took place, although this is contradicted by Julian Bray, who supplied location services to McLaren's Matrixbest company.
 The filming was halted when 20th Century Fox, who were shocked by what they read in the script, pulled all funding.
 Sets that had been built at Bray Studios in Berkshire were destroyed.
Roger Ebert's Film Festival, originally known as Roger Ebert's Overlooked Film Festival but commonly referred to as simply Ebertfest, is an annual film festival held every April in Champaign, Illinois, United States, organized by the College of Media at the University of Illinois.
 Roger Ebert, the TV and "Chicago Sun-Times" film critic, was a native of the adjoining town of Urbana, Illinois and is an alumnus of the University.
 Founded in 1999, this event is the only long-running film festival created by a critic.
 Despite Ebert’s death in 2013, the festival continues to operate based on Ebert’s notes and vision for the kinds of films he championed.
"Roger Ebert Should Lay Off the Fatty Foods" is the eleventh episode in the second season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 24th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on September 2, 1998.
 The episode was written by series co-creator Trey Parker, along with David Goodman, and directed by Parker.
 It spoofs the "" episode "Dagger of the Mind".
 In the episode, the boys visit a planetarium; they soon discover that the operator has sinister intentions involving brainwashing.
 Despite the title, the episode has nothing to do with Roger Ebert.
At the Movies (also known as At the Movies With Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert) is an American movie review television program that aired from 1982 to 1990.
 It was produced by Tribune Entertainment and was created by Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert after leaving their show "Sneak Previews", which ran on PBS from 1975 to 1982.
The Ebert test gauges whether a computer-based synthesized voice can tell a joke with sufficient skill to cause people to laugh.
 It was proposed by film critic Roger Ebert at the 2011 TED conference as a challenge to software developers to have a computerized voice master the inflections, delivery, timing, and intonations of a speaking human.
 The test is similar to the Turing test proposed by Alan Turing in 1950 as a way to gauge a computer's ability to exhibit intelligent behavior by generating performance indistinguishable from a human being.
Life Itself is a 2014 American biographical documentary film about film critic Roger Ebert, directed by Steve James and produced by Zak Piper, Steve James and Garrett Basch.
 The film is based on Ebert's 2011 memoir of the same name.
 It premiered at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival and was an official selection at the 67th Cannes Film Festival.
 The 41st Telluride Film Festival hosted a special screening of the film on August 28, 2014.
 Magnolia Pictures released the film theatrically in the United States and simultaneously via video on demand platforms on July 4, 2014.
