Pizza 73 is a Canadian restaurant chain that offers a number of different styles of pizza, along with chicken wings.
 It has been operated by Pizza Pizza since 2007.
 Toronto-based Pizza Pizza had acquired the restaurant for a total of $CAN70.2 million.
 There are 89 locations throughout Western Canada, which include the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan.
 The restaurant's name originates from its original phone number: 473–7373.
 Founded by David Tougas and Guy Goodwin in 1985, Pizza 73 is headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Eatza Pizza was a buffet-style restaurant chain founded in Arizona in 1997.
 As recently as 2007, it was one of the largest all-buffet pizza chains in the United States, with 112 locations in 14 states and Puerto Rico.
Aurelio's Pizza is an Illinois restaurant chain which centers its business around the thin crust variety of Chicago-style pizza.
 Aurelio's Pizza has three corporate owned stores and 37 franchised locations in 6 states.
 Aurelio's Pizza is the oldest Chicago pizza franchise restaurant, franchising since 1974.
The Pizza Ranch, Inc., founded in 1981, is a "fast casual" restaurant chain.
 Pizza Ranch offers pizza, chicken, a salad bar, and a pizza and chicken buffet.
 Pizza Ranch has over 200 locations in Colorado, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
 Pizza Ranch is the largest regional pizza franchise in Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota.
Fox's Pizza Den is a pizzeria chain based in Murrysville, Pennsylvania, United States.
 It was founded in 1971 by Jim Fox in Pitcairn, Pennsylvania, and currently has more than 250 locations in 28 U.S. states, all franchise-owned.
 Fox's Pizza Den has consistently ranked among the Top 25 pizza chains in the world.
 The Small Business Administration named Jim Fox as one of the country's top entrepreneurs during National Small Business Week, May 5–11, 2002.
 Since that time, many Fox's Franchises have closed due to a poor business model.
 The alarming rate of failure lead to the SBA discontinuing the lending of money for Fox's Franchises.
 Fox's Pizza was ranked "Best Pizza Franchise" in 2007.
Pizza Fusion is a Deerfield Beach, Florida-based pizza restaurant chain.
 Using mostly organic ingredients and emphasizing green building methods, the restaurants operate under the tagline Saving the Earth, One Pizza at a Time.
Pizza Pizza Ltd. is a franchised Canadian pizza fast-food restaurant, with its headquarters in Etobicoke, Toronto.
 Its restaurants are mainly in the province of Ontario.
 Other locations operate in Quebec, Nova Scotia, and in western Canada.
 Franchises in western Canada are mostly run through Alberta-based subsidiary Pizza 73, and in non-traditional locations such as university campuses and movie theatres throughout Canada.
 It has over 500 locations, including over 150 non-traditional locations.
MrJims.Pizza is a U.S. chain of pizza restaurants based in Farmers Branch, Texas.
 Jim Johnson opened the first restaurant in Detroit, Michigan in 1975.
 There are currently 42 locations in Louisiana, Texas, North Carolina, Nevada and Wyoming, with the majority located in northern Texas.
 MrJims.Pizza is widely known for their crust.
 Their hand stretched pizza dough is made fresh in the store daily from flour containing 100% spring wheat.
 Every single MrJims.Pizza franchise has online ordering capabilities.
 In 2006, MrJims.Pizza introduced a unique new item, Nacho Stix, to their menu.
 It quickly became one of their bestsellers, and lead to a resurgence in the popularity of MrJims.
Chicago Franchise Systems, Inc. franchises operates Italian-based Chicago-style restaurants in Illinois, Georgia, California and Missouri which specialize in Chicago-style cuisine They have operated since 1990, when they took over the popular Nancy's Pizza chain of pizzerias.
 Nancy's itself was started in 1971 by Nancy and Rocco Palese, a couple who claims to have invented the concept of stuffed pizza.
 Today, there are 36 Nancy's locations in Chicago metropolitan area, as well as two location in the Atlanta, Georgia area, and one in the Los Angeles, CA area.
 CFS, Inc. operates Al's Beef, a popular Italian beef restaurant that is extremely well known in downtown Chicago and is regarded as one of the best beef sandwiches in the country.
 CFS, Inc. just launched Doughocracy Pizza + Brews, a fast casual pizza place that gives customers the "Freedom to Choose" their own toppings on a hand stretched pizza crust that can be paired with local craft beers.
 There are two Doughocracy restaurants, one in Geneva, Illinois and one in University City, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis.
Monical's Pizza is an American regional pizza chain, which as of 2017, consists of over 60 locations in Illinois, Indiana, Missouri and Wisconsin.
 About half of the locations are franchised, while the others are owned by the corporation.
 Monical's is known for its thin crust pizza, topped with garlic salt and basil which customers often dip into the Monical's Sweet & Tart French dressing, and is cut into small squares (about 1.5 in 1.5 inches square) rather than wedges, as seen at most pizza places.
