The Touchables is a 1968 British film directed by Robert Freeman and written by Ian La Frenais from a story by Donald Cammell.
 It stars Judy Huxtable, Esther Anderson and James Villiers.
Performance is a 1970 soundtrack album to the film "Performance" by Donald Cammell and Nicolas Roeg.
 It features music from Randy Newman, Merry Clayton, Ry Cooder, Jack Nitzsche, Buffy Sainte-Marie, The Last Poets and Mick Jagger.
White of the Eye is a 1987 British thriller film directed by Donald Cammell and starring David Keith and Cathy Moriarty.
 It was adapted by Cammell and his wife China Kong from the 1983 novel "Mrs. White", written by Margaret Tracy (pseudonym of the brothers Laurence and Andrew Klavan).
China Kong (born 1960) is an American actor, writer, and producer.
 She is the widow of director Donald Cammell, having met him when she was 14 years of age and he was 40 years of age in 1974.
 After having an affair, the two would wed 4 years later in 1978.
Performance is a 1970 British crime drama film directed by Donald Cammell and Nicolas Roeg, written by Cammell and photographed by Roeg.
 The film stars James Fox as a violent and ambitious London gangster who, after carrying out an unordered killing, goes into hiding at the home of a reclusive rock star (Mick Jagger of The Rolling Stones, in his film acting debut).
The Cinema of Pakistan or Pakistani cinema (Urdu: ‎ ) refers to the filmmaking industry in Pakistan.
 Pakistan is home to several film studios centres, primarily located in its two largest cities - Karachi and Lahore.
 Pakistani cinema has played an important part in Pakistani culture, and in recent years has begun flourishing again after years of decline, delivering entertainment to audiences in Pakistan and expatriates abroad.
 Several film industries are based in Pakistan, which tend to be regional and niche in nature.
 Over 10,000 Urdu feature-films have been produced in Pakistan since 1948, as well as over 8000 Punjabi, 6000 Pashto and 2000 Sindhi feature-length films.
 The first film ever produced was "Husn Ka Daku" in 1930, directed by Abdur Rashid Kardar in Lahore.
 The first Pakistani-film produced was "Teri Yaad", directed by Daud Chand in 1948.
 Between 1947 and 2007, Pakistani cinema was based in Lahore, home to the nation's largest film industry (nicknamed Lollywood).
 Pakistani films during this period attracted large audiences and had a strong cult following, was part of the cultural mainstream, widely available and imitated by the masses.
 During the early 1970s, Pakistan was the world's fourth largest producer of feature films.
 However, between 1977 and 2007, the film industry of Pakistan went into decline due to Islamization, strengthening of censorship laws and an overall lack of quality.
 Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, the film industry went through several periods of ups and downs, a reflection of its dependency on state funding and incentives.
 By 2000, the film industry in Lahore had collapsed and saw a gradual shift of Pakistani actors, actresses, producers and filmmakers from Lahore to Karachi.
 By 2007, the wounds of Pakistan's collapsed film industry began to heal and Karachi had cemented itself as the centre of Pakistani cinema.
 Quality and new technology led to an explosion of alternative form of Pakistani cinema.
 The shift has been seen by many as the leading cause for the "resurgence of Pakistani cinema".
 Despite the industry crisis starting in the mid-1980s, Pakistani films have retained much of its distinctive identity.
 Since the shift to Karachi, Pakistani films have once again began attracting a strong cult following.
Demon Seed is a 1977 American science fiction–horror film directed by Donald Cammell.
 It stars Julie Christie and Fritz Weaver.
 The film was based on the novel of the same name by Dean Koontz, and concerns the imprisonment and forced impregnation of a woman by an artificially intelligent computer.
 Gerrit Graham, Berry Kroeger, Lisa Lu and Larry J. Blake also appear in the film, with Robert Vaughn uncredited as the voice of the computer.
Justin David Swibel (born April 1, 1983) is an American screenwriter, director, and producer.
Tulu cinema is a part of Indian cinema.
 The Tulu film industry is also called Coastalwood.
 It produces 5 to 7 films annually.
 The first Tulu film was "Enna Thangadi" released in 1971.
 Usually, earlier, these films were released in theatres across the Tulu Nadu region.
 But currently the Tulu film industry has grown to the level where films are being released simultaneously in Mangalore, Udupi and Mumbai, Bangalore and Gulf countries.
 The critically acclaimed Tulu film "Suddha" won the award for the best Indian Film at the Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema held in New Delhi in 2006.
 In 2011, the Tulu film Industry got second life with the release of the film "Oriyardori Asal".
 The film turned out to be the biggest hit in Tulu film history to date. "
Chaali Polilu" is the longest running film in Tulu film industry.
 This movie is the highest grossing film in the Tulu film industry.
 It has successfully completed 470 days at PVR Cinemas in Mangalore.
Wild Side is a 1995 film co-written and directed by Donald Cammell.
 It went straight to video and stars Christopher Walken, Joan Chen, Anne Heche, and Steven Bauer.
