John Logan (1747July 1807) was a pioneer and politician from the U.S. state of Virginia and later, Kentucky.
 He participated in Lord Dunmore's War in 1774, serving under his brother, Benjamin.
 After moving to Kentucky County, Virginia, he took part in several expeditions against the Shawnee, including some led by Daniel Boone, John Bowman, and George Rogers Clark.
 After Kentucky County was split into three counties, Logan represented his home county, Lincoln in the Virginia House of Delegates and at several of the conventions that effected the separation of Virginia from Kentucky.
Lake Louisvilla is a neighborhood partially located in Louisville, Kentucky.
 It is located between Westport Road in Louisville and KY 22 in Oldham County.
 Lake Louisvilla was developed in the 1920s as a summer resort for people living in the city of Louisville.
 The state of Kentucky drained the lake in the late 1980s due to safety concerns regarding the stability of a dam.
Casey County is a county located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 15,955.
 Its county seat is Liberty.
 The county was formed in 1806 from the western part of Lincoln County and named for Colonel William Casey, a pioneer settler who moved his family to Kentucky in 1779.
 It is the only Kentucky county entirely in the Knobs region.
 Casey County is home to annual Casey County Apple Festival, and is a prohibition or dry county.
 It is considered part of the Appalachian region of Kentucky.
Oldham County is a county located in the commonwealth of Kentucky.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 60,316.
 Its county seat is La Grange.
 The county is named for Colonel William Oldham.
 Oldham County was a prohibition or completely dry county until January 2005 as the result of a 2004 'moist' vote, permitting sales of alcohol in restaurants that seat at least 100 patrons in which 70%+ of total revenue is derived from sales of food.
 After a vote in late 2015; Oldham county has become a completely wet county.
Col. John (Johannes) Bowman (17 December 1738 – May 4, 1784) was an 18th-century American pioneer, colonial militia officer and sheriff, the first appointed in Lincoln County, Kentucky.
 In 1781 he also presided as a justice of the peace over the first county court held in Kentucky.
 The first county-lieutenant and military governor of Kentucky County during the American Revolutionary War, Col. Bowman also, served in the American Revolution, many times, second in command to General George Rogers Clark, during the Illinois Campaign, which, at the time, doubled the size of the United States.
Tara Elizabeth Conner (born December 18, 1985) is an American actress, model, advocate and beauty queen who was crowned Miss USA 2006 and has also competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe pageants.
 Apart from her role as Miss USA, Conner has been employed as a model.
 She was a featured model on the HDNet series "Bikini Destinations" in 2004, posing in Lake Tahoe.
 She has also held the titles Miss Kentucky Teen USA 2002, Miss Kentucky County Fair 2004, and Miss Kentucky USA 2006.
The Battle of Blue Licks, fought on August 19, 1782, was one of the last battles of the American Revolutionary War.
 The battle occurred ten months after Lord Cornwallis's famous surrender at Yorktown, which had effectively ended the war in the east.
 On a hill next to the Licking River in what is now Robertson County, Kentucky (but was then in Kentucky County, Virginia), a force of about 50 American and Canadian Loyalists along with 300 American Indians ambushed and routed 182 Kentucky militiamen.
 It was the last victory for the Loyalists and Natives during the frontier war.
Kentucky County (then alternately spelled Kentucke County) was formed by the Commonwealth of Virginia by dividing Fincastle County into three new counties: Kentucky, Washington, and Montgomery, effective December 31, 1776.
 During the three and one-half years of Kentucky County's existence, its seat of government was Harrodstown (then also known as Oldtown, later renamed Harrodsburg).
The Westervelt massacre, also known as the Westerfield massacre, was an indigenous attack on a caravan of Dutch frontier settlers that occurred during the American Revolutionary War around 3:00 am on June 27, 1780 in Kentucky County, Virginia, the present day state of Kentucky.
 It remains one of the largest massacres in Kentucky state history.
 The settlers were traveling southeast from Low Dutch Station to Harrod's Town.
 The settler relocation was in part a reaction to British Captain Henry Bird's invasion of Kentucky.
 The area immediately east of Low Dutch Station had been overrun with British allied Indians.
 Harrod's Town was fortified and a move south would lead the settlers away from Captain Bird's invading army from the north.
 The caravan was ambushed in a surprise attack, during the night, after a day's travel of twelve miles.
 The exact location of the massacre is not definitively known.
 However, it is likely to have occurred at Floyd's Fork and Broad Run.
 The caravan was formed by Jacobus Westervelt and consisted of forty-one settlers from ten different families.
 Ten of the seventeen settlers killed were members of the Westervelt family.
 The victims included men, women, and children.
 The Indians responsible for the massacre were allied to the British and received ₤5 for each victim's scalp cut off and returned to the British authorities.
 The Indians were thus awarded ₤85 by the British for massacring the Dutch settlers.
 The Westervelt Massacre had a chilling effect on the region.
 A number of settlers from Low Dutch Station joined Colonel George Rogers Clark's militia after the massacre.
Benjamin Logan (c.1742 – December 11, 1802) was an American pioneer, soldier, and politician from Shelby County, Kentucky.
 As colonel of the Kentucky County, Virginia militia during the American Revolutionary War, he was second-in-command of all the militia in Kentucky.
 He was also a leader in Kentucky's efforts to become a state.
 His brother, John Logan, was the first state treasurer of Kentucky.
