Thank God It's Friday is a 1978 American musical comedy film directed by Robert Klane and produced by Motown Productions and Casablanca FilmWorks for Columbia Pictures (whose torch-holding mascot, in a specially produced animation, dances to disco music before the opening credits).
 Produced at the height of the disco craze, the film features The Commodores performing "Too Hot ta Trot", and Donna Summer performing "Last Dance", which won the Academy Award for Best Song in 1978.
 The film features an early performance by Jeff Goldblum and the first major screen appearance by Debra Winger.
 The film also features Terri Nunn who would go on to fame in the 1980s new wave group Berlin.
Sonya Scarlet (born 2 April 1980) is the singer and lyricist of the Italian extreme gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires.
Berlin is an American new wave band.
 The group was formed in Orange County in 1979 by John Crawford (bass guitar).
 Band members included Crawford, Terri Nunn (vocals), David Diamond (keyboards), Ric Olsen (guitar), Matt Reid (keyboards) and Rod Learned (drums).
 The band gained mainstream-commercial success in the early 1980s with singles including "The Metro", "Sex (I'm A..
.)
", "No More Words" and then in the mid 1980s with the chart-topping single "Take My Breath Away" from the 1986 film "Top Gun".
Candyland is the tenth studio album by Italian gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires, released through Scarlet Records on 14 October 2016.
 Initially announced on 7 July 2016, it is their first studio album in 5 years since "Moonlight Waltz", and also their first release with guitarist Giorgio Ferrante, who replaced Stephan Benfante early in 2016.
 It is noticeably more guitar-driven than the band's previous releases with Sonya Scarlet on vocals, and its lyrics focus less on the vampiric and occult themes the band is famous for.
 A music video for the track "Morgana Effect" was uploaded to the band's official YouTube channel on 29 September 2016.
"Sex (I'm A..
.)"
 is a song by the American band Berlin from their second album "Pleasure Victim".
 The song was co-written by group members John Crawford, Terri Nunn and David Diamond and sung as a duet by Crawford and Nunn.
Moment of Truth is the début and sole solo album from American singer and actress Terri Nunn, best known as lead singer of the American New Wave/Synthpop band Berlin.
The Georgia Peaches (also known as Follow That Car) is a 1980 American made-for-television action-adventure comedy film produced by Roger Corman as a pilot for a proposed television series.
 It starred Tanya Tucker, Terri Nunn and Dirk Benedict as three friends extorted into becoming undercover FBI agents for the government and was broadcast on CBS on November 8, 1980.
Information is the first album by Berlin, released in 1980 by Vinyl Records.
 It was recorded during the period when Terri Nunn had temporarily left the band to pursue an acting career and Virginia Macolino performed the lead vocals.
 Several songs were written by previous lead singer Toni Childs who went solo prior to the album's release.
The Addiction Tour 2006 is the first live DVD by the Italian gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires.
 It features ten songs recorded during the tour in 2006 and also features an interview with Sonya Scarlet, as well as two music videos the band had recorded for the songs "Lilith Mater Inferorum" and "Angel of Lust".
 The live songs were also released as a live album in the band's next release, Desire of Damnation.
Pleasure Victim is the second studio album by the American new wave band Berlin.
 The original album was recorded in 1982 and released that year by independent label Enigma Records.
 After considerable attention received by the second single, "Sex (I'm A..
.)
", the album was re-released worldwide by Geffen Records on January 26, 1983.
 The album marked the return of lead singer Terri Nunn to the group.
 To date, it is Berlin's best-selling album and was certified gold by the RIAA in September 1984 and platinum in February 1993.
 It is the only one of Berlin's albums to be certified platinum and the first that reached gold; two subsequent studio albums and a greatest hits compilation were also certified gold.
