Viper is a steel roller coaster made by Arrow Dynamics of the United States.
 The roller coaster is located in the Baja Ridge area of Six Flags Magic Mountain in Valencia, California.
 Viper is the last of the three 7-looper roller coasters built by Arrow Dynamics to remain operating.
 The other two, Shockwave at Six Flags Great America and the Great American Scream Machine at Six Flags Great Adventure, were demolished in 2002 and 2010, respectively.
 The roller coaster replaced a HUSS ride type named Condor.
Goliath is a wooden roller coaster at Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, Illinois.
 Manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction and designed by Alan Schilke, the ride set three world records for wooden roller coasters when it opened to the public on June 19, 2014: the longest drop at 180 ft , the steepest drop at 85°, and the fastest speed at 72 mph .
 The 100-second ride also features two inversions.
American Eagle is a wooden racing roller coaster located at Six Flags Great America.
 It was the first wooden roller coaster designed by Intamin of Switzerland and was built in 1981 by the contracting firm Figley-Wright.
 While the records have since been broken, American Eagle had the longest drop and fastest speed among wooden roller coasters when it debuted and is still recognized as a top racing coaster in the United States.
 In 2006, American Eagle celebrated its Silver Anniversary (25th Anniversary).
KeyLime Cove was a resort and indoor waterpark located in Gurnee, Illinois near Six Flags Great America.
 KeyLime Cove was listed as the "Official Resort of Six Flags Great America".
 The resort was located about an hour away from Chicago and less than an hour from Milwaukee.
 The resort closed on April 19, 2017 and will be under renovations for the next year to transform the tropical themed resort to a north woods themed look.
 Great Wolf Resorts, a Madison-based company with over 14 resorts opened and 4 under construction/renovation, acquired the property on February 6 at the Gurnee Village board meeting the night before.
 The indoor water park will also be expanded by about 20,000 square feet.
 In addition, further facilities are set to include an outdoor water park, more shopping and other amenities.
 The company’s Head of Development, Bryson Heezen, reportedly told Gurnee village board that fresh family rooms with themes such as a “wolf den,” new restaurants, mini-bowling and ropes courses were also on the cards.
 Guests that booked a future stay after April 20, 2017 will receive a notification that your stay was cancelled and a refund for any deposit held is being processed.
 Due to the large number of refunds being processed, it may take up to 30 days for guests to receive a full refund.
 Guests holding a KeyLime Cove gift card and are eligible to receive reimbursement for any remaining balance on the gift card.
 Refunds of gift card balances are currently being processed and will be mailed to guests within 30 days.
The Joker is a roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure, Six Flags Great America, Six Flags New England, and Six Flags Over Texas.
 Built by S&S Worldwide, an American ride manufacturer, the coaster is one of their "Free Spin" models.
 Since 2016, Six Flags has installed The Joker in four of their parks.
Thunderbolt is a wooden roller coaster located at Six Flags New England.
 Opened in 1941, It was designed by Harry Baker and Harry Traver, and built by Joseph Drambour.
 Thunderbolt is the oldest roller coaster at Six Flags New England.
 It is also the oldest roller coaster in any Six Flags park (the Wild One at Six Flags America was built in 1917, but it was relocated from Paragon Park and has only been at Six Flags America since 1986).
 The single PTC train has 4 cars, and an individual lap bar and seatbelt for each person.
 An attendant has to manually unlock each car's lap bars by stepping on and pushing down a release bar at the front of each car.
 Thunderbolt was dedicated an ACE Coaster Landmark on August 2, 2008.
Little Dipper is a wooden roller coaster located at Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, Illinois.
 It was originally built in 1950 by Philadelphia Toboggan Coasters and previously operated at Kiddieland Amusement Park in Melrose Park, Illinois until the park closed in September 2009.
 On November 24, 2009, Six Flags Great America purchased the ride for $33,000 at an auction.
 The ride was relocated and reopened on May 27, 2010, in its original configuration within the Yukon Territory section of Six Flags Great America.
Apocalypse is a steel stand-up roller coaster located at Six Flags America in Prince George's County, Maryland.
 The ride made its debut in 1990 as Iron Wolf at Six Flags Great America before being relocated to Six Flags America and renamed to Apocalypse.
 The roller coaster was the first built by Swiss manufacturer Bolliger & Mabillard.
 When known as Iron Wolf, the roller coaster held the records of the highest (100 ft ) and fastest (55 mph ) stand-up looping roller coaster in the world before losing them to other roller coasters in 1992 and 1996.
Viper is a wooden roller coaster located at Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, Illinois, which opened in 1995.
 Viper features a layout that is a mirror image of the Coney Island Cyclone and is the only roller coaster ever to be built directly by Six Flags.
 Viper is also the only wooden roller coaster that has ever carried this name, (all the other Viper roller coasters, both operating and not, have been steel roller coasters).
 It was built by Rygiel Construction.
El Toro, a Spanish term meaning The Bull, is a wooden roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey.
 Designed by Intamin of Switzerland, it opened to the public on June 11, 2006.
 Intamin also worked with members of Rocky Mountain Construction to build the ride.
 When it opened, it had the steepest drop of any wooden roller coaster in the world at 76 degrees, until the record was broken by T Express in 2008 by one degree.
 Overall, its structure height of 181 ft is ranked fourth, its drop height of 176 ft is ranked second, and its top speed of 70 mph is ranked fourth among all wooden roller coasters in the world.
 It was also the first wooden roller coaster to use a cable lift as opposed to the traditional chain lift.
