Howard C. Whisler (1931–2007) was an American mycologist.
 Born in Oakland, California, he attended Berkeley schools and then Palo Alto High School.
 Howard worked on his undergraduate degree at Oregon State College for two years and then went to the University of California, Berkeley, where he completed a Bachelor of Science degree in plant pathology in 1954.
 He joined the United States Air Force from 1954 to 1956 stationed in Italy.
 He returned to University of California, Berkeley after his military life and had finished his doctoral degree with Ralph Emerson in 1960.
 From 1960 to 1961 he held a post doctoral NATO-NSF Fellowship in France, at the Université de Montpellier.
 Howard was appointed assistant professor of Botany at McGill University in 1961.
 He was appointed to the faculty at the University of Washington on March 15, 1963 and worked until he died on September 16, 2007, at the age of 76.
The Coudersport and Port Allegany Railroad was a short line railroad that operated in Potter and McKean Counties in Pennsylvania in the United States between 1882 and 1964.
 The original line ran 17 mi along the Allegheny River between the boroughs of Coudersport, the county seat of Potter County, and Port Allegany in McKean County.
 The line was originally a narrow gauge and converted to in 1889.
 It was prosperous during a lumber boom in the region and expanded east to Ulysses.
 The lumber boom ended in the early 20th century and the line slowly declined until 1964, when it was purchased by the Wellsville, Addison and Galeton Railroad.
 The line was finally abandoned in 1970.
 Today the only surviving building from the railroad is the Coudersport and Port Allegany Railroad Station, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 and serves as the town hall for Coudersport today.
 As of 2009, much of the C&PA railroad grading can still be found.
 Railroad bridge abutments exist at Lillibridge Creek in Port Allegany and along the Allegheny River at Coleman Mills, east of Roulette, and east and west of Coudersport.
The Indiana and Ohio Railway (reporting mark IORY) is an American railroad that operates 570 mi of track in Ohio, southern Michigan, and parts of southeastern Indiana.
 It is owned and operated by Genesee & Wyoming, who acquired the railroad in the 2012 purchase of RailAmerica.
 The Indiana and Ohio Railroad (reporting mark INOH) (merged into the IORY in 1997) was formed in 1978 to operate a branch between Valley Junction, Ohio and Brookville, Indiana.
 The IORY's original line, acquired in 1985, connected Mason and Monroe, Ohio.
 The IORY set up a tourist operation known as the Indiana and Ohio Scenic Railway which operated over this line.
 The tourist train still operates out of Lebanon, Ohio under the ownership of the Cincinnati Railway Company (CRC) under the name Lebanon Mason Monroe Railroad.
 Another line, acquired in 1986, runs from Norwood to Brecon, Ohio.
 In 1991, the former DT&I between Washington Court House, Ohio and Springfield, Ohio came into the system via a designated operator agreement with the West Central Ohio Port Authority.
 The system expanded north into Michigan in 1997 when it acquired the remainder of the former DT&I mainline between Diann, Michigan and Springfield, Ohio.
 In 1994, it acquired two lines from Conrail in Springfield, Ohio: one between Springfield and Bellefontaine; and one between Springfield and Mechanicsburg.
 The Indiana and Ohio Central Railroad (reporting mark IOCR) was the designated owner of these two lines until 2004.
 One of the I&O's major events took place in 1996 when it was acquired by RailTex.
 In 2000 RailTex was absorbed by RailAmerica and in 2004 the I&O absorbed the Indiana and Ohio Central Railroad.
 Genesee & Wyoming acquired RailAmerica in December 2012.
William Howard Taft IV (born September 13, 1945) is an attorney who has served in the United States government under several Republican administrations.
 He is the son of William Howard Taft III and the great-grandson of President William Howard Taft.
The Cane Belt Railroad was chartered in the U.S. state of Texas in 1898.
 Formed by a group of businessmen from Eagle Lake, the short-line railroad was intended to bring the area's sugarcane to market.
 In 1902 a disagreement between two of the railroad's chief promoters proved deadly.
 By 1904 the line was in operation from Sealy to Matagorda on the Gulf of Mexico.
 That year the company's stock was bought by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and the line continued operations under lease to the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe Railway starting in 1905.
 By the 1920s, the local sugarcane industry collapsed but the railroad was saved by the discovery of two nearby sulphur mines.
 In 1948, the Cane Belt was merged into the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe Railway.
 In the 1990s most of the original line was abandoned after the last sulphur mine closed.
 By 2013, only a small portion of the line south of Bay City was operating as part of the BNSF Railway.
Art Trouble (1934) is a comedy short starring Harry Gribbon and Shemp Howard.
 The film is notable for featuring James Stewart in his first screen role.
 The short was directed by Ralph Staub.
 Gribbon was one of several comedy team partner with whom Shemp Howard worked.
 Howard had been an original member of the Three Stooges and brother of Stooges Curly Howard and Moe Howard.
 Shemp began making his own shorts prior to having to return to the Stooges in the wake of Curly's strokes in the mid-1940s.
Vicki Howard is a Liberal National Party councillor for the Brisbane City Council.
 Howard has represented Central Ward since the 2012 election, following the retirement of incumbent Labor councillor David Hinchliffe.
 She currently serves as Deputy Chair of Council and Deputy Chair of City Planning.
 Before her political career, Howard worked for Chubb Security.
Texas Midland Railroad (TM) was incorporated in Texas on December 1, 1892 by Hetty Green.
 The original standard gauge 52 mile line was built between Garrett and Midland Junction (also called Roberts) by the Houston and Texas Central Railroad in 1882.
 This original line was known as the Northeast Extension of the Houston and Texas Central.
 The line went bankrupt in 1885 and the Northeast Extension was sold at foreclosure on April 22, 1891 and became the Texas Central .
 This portion of the Texas Central was sold on October 27, 1892 to Hetty Green.
 Hetty Green sold the 52 mile railroad to the Texas Midland on January 27, 1893 and installed her son Edward Howland Robinson Green as President and General Manager.
 Headquarters city of the Texas Midland was Terrell, Texas.
 At start up the new company had five steam locomotives a 2-4-4, three 4-4-0s and a 4-6-0.
 Initial capitalization of the Texas Midland was $500,000.
 Over the next two decades Hetty Green invested some $1.8 million in the Texas Midland.
Joseph Kinsey Howard (February 28, 1906 – August 25, 1951) was an American journalist, historian, and author, who wrote extensively about the history, culture, and economic circumstances of Montana.
 One of the state's most noted authors of nonfiction, Howard's landmark 1943 book, "Montana: High, Wide, and Handsome" is a respected account of Montana history that has influenced later generations of historians.
 Howard also authored numerous other historic and literary works, and was a vocal, articulate and persuasive advocate for a variety of social, economic and environmental reforms.
 These endeavors earned Howard the posthumous sobriquet, "Montana's Conscience."
 Howard believed Montana and the rural West provided the "last stand against urban technological tedium" for the individual.
 He fervently believed that small towns of the sort that predominated in Montana provided a democratic bulwark for society.
 Howard's writings demonstrate his strong belief in the necessity to identify and preserve a region's cultural heritage.
 Howard worked first as a newspaper editor on the "Great Falls Leader," later for the Montana Study (a statewide community development project), and as a freelance writer.
 His books, speeches and magazine articles, expressed his ideals of community awareness and identity, encouraging readers to retain an idealistic vision contesting the deadening demands of the modern world.
The Rochester, Lockport and Niagara Falls Railroad(also called the Falls Road Railroad) was a short-lived railroad in Western New York State during the early-1850s.
 The railroad was incorporated December 14, 1850.
 This company rebuilt and opened in July 1852, the road originally incorporated April 24, 1834, as the Lockport and Niagara Falls Railroad.
 The original line was opened in 1838 and sold June 2, 1850.
 The railroad was consolidated into the New York Central Railroad under the act of 1853.
 A portion of the line is currently operated as the Falls Road Railroad.
