Nesna University College (Norwegian: "Høgskolen i Nesna" or "HiNe" ) is a university college, a Norwegian state institution of higher education.
 It is one of the 24 Norwegian state university colleges, and is located in the municipality of Nesna in Helgeland, Nordland county.
 It was established in 1918 as Nesna Teachers' College, and was reorganised as a state university college on 1 August 1994 following the university college reform.
 Today, the university college has approximately 1200 students and 130 employees.
 The original teachers' college was established in 1918 by the local priest, Ivar Hjellvik, making it the second oldest institution of higher education in Northern Norway.
 This university college has permanent satellite campuses in the neighboring towns of Mo i Rana and Sandnessjøen.
 Nesna University College hosts the Nordic Women's University.
Tunku Abdul Rahman University College, abbreviated as TAR UC, is a non-profit, comprehensive, private university college in Malaysia.
 Named after the first Prime Minister of Malaysia, YTM Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra Al-Haj, the institution was founded in 1969 as Tunku Abdul Rahman College or TAR College then by the Malaysian Chinese Association (MCA).
 In 2013, the college was upgraded to a university college.
 TAR UC is one of the prestigious private university college in Malaysia, renowned for its accounting programme.
"The Rev. Dr." Augustus Nicodemus Gomes Lopes, born in Paraíba, Brazil, is a Presbyterian minister, Calvinist theologian, writer and professor.
 He was Chancellor of Mackenzie Presbyterian University from 2003 to 2013.
 He is considered one of the greatest Brazilian conservative theologians.
 He is married to Hendrika Hermina Schalkwijk Lopes and has four children.
Alpha Gamma (ΑΓ) was an American collegiate fraternity.
 It was founded at Cumberland University in Lebanon, Tennessee in 1867.
 About 21 chapters developed, with prominent chapters at Washington & Jefferson College, Trinity University, Mercersburg College, Southwestern Presbyterian University, Cumberland University, and the West Virginia University.
 The fraternity's badge consisted of a golden shield with a globe, six stars, and a pennant with "ΑΓ."
The Evangelical Presbyterian University College was established in 2008 by the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, Ghana.
The following is a list of notable people associated with the Ceylon University College (also known as University College, Ceylon; University College, Colombo; and Colombo University College) (1921–42).
The Presbyterian University College, Ghana is a partially private & public university located at Abetifi-Kwahu in the Eastern Region of Ghana.
 It is one of the new universities in Ghana granted accreditation by the National Accreditation Board.
 It was established by the Presbyterian Church of Ghana on 23 November 2003 and inaugurated on 27 March 2004 by the president of Ghana, John Agyekum Kufuor.
The Dr. William and Elizabeth Blackburn House is an historic two-story wooden house located at 219 South Tyler Avenue in Pierre, South Dakota.
 Designed in the Stick or Eastlake style of Queen Anne style architecture, it was built in 1883 by local banker and real estate speculator, H. O. Fishback.
 In 1887, it was bought by the Rev. Dr. William Maxwell Blackburn and his wife, Elizabeth Powell Blackburn, who had come to Pierre from Grand Forks, North Dakota, where he had been president of the University of North Dakota.
 Dr. Blackburn, a Presbyterian minister, scholar and author became the founding president of the Presbyterian University of Southern Dakota, which later became Pierre University and served as such until his death in 1898.
 Following his death, Pierre University was relocated to Huron, where it became Huron University.
 Later owners include C. B. Billinghurst, local newspaper publisher, and Harold King and his wife Irma E. King.
 The Kings ran a grocery store and he was a local politician while she was a poet.
Lincoln University College, Petaling Jaya, Malaysia, was founded in the year in 2002 as Lincoln College and in 2011 Lincoln College was upgraded to Lincoln University College.
 Lincoln University College is a private institution that provides higher education, approved by the Malaysian Qualifications Agency (MQA, National Accreditation Board) and the Ministry of Higher Education.
 Situated in the cosmopolitan town of Petaling Jaya, the university college is close to the capital city, Kuala Lumpur.
Falmouth University (Cornish: Pennskol Aberfala ) is a specialist University for the creative industries based in Falmouth and Penryn, Cornwall, England.
 Founded in 1902, it had previously been the Falmouth School of Art, Falmouth College of Art and Design and then Falmouth College of Arts until it received taught degree-awarding powers, and the right to use the title "University College", in March 2005.
 In April 2008, University College Falmouth merged with Dartington College of Arts, adding a range of Performance courses to its portfolio.
 On 27 November 2012, a communication was released to the staff and students and local press that 'University College Falmouth is to be granted full university status in a move that will further its ambition to become one of the top five arts universities in the world.'
 On 9 December 2012, the University College was officially granted full university status by the Privy Council.
 Falmouth University was judged by The Sunday Times to be the UK’s top arts university from 2015-2017.
