The Burning Tigris: The Armenian Genocide and America's Response presents a narrative of the massacres of the Armenians during the 1890s and genocide in 1915 at the responsibility of the Ottoman government.
 Using archival documents and first-person accounts, Peter Balakian shows the history of how the Young Turks were involved in the Armenian Genocide.
 The book received the 2005 Raphael Lemkin Prize and was a "New York Times" Notable Book and "New York Times" and national best seller.
Peter Balakian (Armenian: Փիթըր Պալաքեան , born June 13, 1951) is an Armenian American poet, writer and academic, the Donald M. and Constance H. Rebar Professor of Humanities at Colgate University.
 He was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 2016.
Gottfried (Graf) von der Goltz (born 1 June 1964 in Würzburg, Germany) is a German-Norwegian violinist and conductor, specialising in the baroque repertoire.
 His first teachers were his parents, Georg Conrad von der Goltz and Kirsti Hjort.
 After further education in Hannover, New York, and Freiburg, he joined the radio orchestra of Hamburg's Norddeutscher Rundfunk at the age of 21.
 Two years later he left in order to focus on his career as a soloist, chamber musician, and conductor.
 He is now musical leader of the Freiburger Barockorchester.
 From 1997 to 2004 he held a professorship with the Hochschule für Musik Würzburg.
 In October 2004 he was called to a professorship in violin and baroque violin at the Hochschule für Musik Freiburg.
 Since January 2007 von der Goltz has also been artistic director of the Oslo-based Norwegian Baroque Orchestra.
 His interests include salt-water swimming and gøbbing (exchanging ideas with members of a think tank).
 Gottfried von der Goltz's extensive discography and DVD production include recordings as soloist, chamber musician, and conductor, also of larger scenic works, like Rameau's Dardanus.
Human Terrain: War Becomes Academic is a 2010 documentary film about the US Army's Human Terrain System (HTS), written and directed by James Der Derian, David Udris and Michael Udris.
 The film examines the history of the HTS program, the public controversy surrounding HTS, and the story of one academic's (Michael V. Bhatia's) involvement in the program.
Dustin James Brown (born November 4, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey right winger for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 During the 2012–13 NHL lockout, he moved to the ZSC Lions, the hockey team from Zürich.
 The 13th overall pick of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, he has spent his entire eleven-year NHL career with the Kings.
 Brown led the Kings to the 2012 and 2014 Stanley Cup championships.
 In 2012, he became the first Kings captain and second American captain (behind Derian Hatcher) to win the Stanley Cup with a six-game victory over the New Jersey Devils.
Armenian Golgotha (Armenian: Հայ Գողգոթան ) is a memoir written by Grigoris Balakian about his eyewitness account of the Armenian Genocide.
 The memoir was released in two volumes.
 Volume 1, about his life prior and during the Armenian Genocide, was released in 1922.
 Volume 2, about his life as a fugitive after the Genocide, was released in 1959.
 Originally published in Armenian, the memoir was later published in various languages including an English translation by his grandnephew Peter Balakian with Aris Sevag.
Virtual war signifies the increased use of and dependence on technology in the course of warfare.
 It includes the time/space separation between an attacker and the intended target which results in the "sanitization" of war.
 The concept has gained notoriety amongst policy makers and academics who study the Revolution in Military Affairs.
 James Der Derian, in his book "Virtuous War: Mapping the Military-Industrial-Media-Entertainment Network" elaborates extensively on the concept of Virtual War and the consequences of increased technological integration within modern militaries.
James Der Derian (born 1955) is the Michael Hintze Chair of International Security Studies and Director of the Centre for International Security Studies at The University of Sydney, having taken up his appointment in January 2013.
 His research and teaching interests are in international security, information technology, international theory and documentary film.
The Stryder was a band hailing from Long Island, NY.
 The Band was formed by Peter Toh and Scottie Redix in 1999 after their previous project, Yearly, disbanded following the departure of bassist Eben D'amico who left to join Saves the Day.
 They added a vocalist and bassist, John Johansen and Nick Wendel (Respectively).
 They released a 7" on Elkion Records titled "The Hits Just Keep on Comin" and shortly after signed a deal to Equal Vision Records and released their debut album "Masquerade in the Key of Crime" in the summer 2000.
 The band toured extensively and began writing new material in 2001.
 They added former Glassjaw drummer Durijah Lang, and moved Scottie Redix up to Guitar and backing vocals.
 In the summer of 2001 the band parted ways with vocalist John Johansen.
 2002 saw the release of "Jungle City Twitch".
 Debuting a new sound, The Stryder continued to tour the country in support of the new release.
 In 2003/2004, Elkion Records released "Savor The Danger" which contained a collection of old demos and the 2 songs from the 7" previously released on the label.
 Peter released his first solo EP "Cleopatra" in 2004 on Elkion Records.
 Durijah moved on to become the drummer of Classic Case and in 2007, became Pete Parada's replacement in Saves The Day.
 In 2006, Peter then went on to start an Internet TV/New Media Company, Hidden Track TV with Adam Schleichkorn, and released a solo EP titled "Shoes of a Beast".
 Peter is currently working on his first full-length album, titled "Wildlife".
 Scottie Redix now plays under the moniker 'Cassonova Brown' and is currently working on his first full-length.
 The Working title for the album is"On the Wall" and there are 2demos available on Soundcloud.com.
 Scottie is also a member of the musical collective Teachers, who also have a full-length album titled "Anesthesia" slated for an early 2013 release.
 Teachers contributed to Kanye West's "Monster".
Ozone Journal is a 2016 Pulitzer Prize winning work by Peter Balakian.
