The Aetolian League was a short-lived football league in the south east of England.
 It was established in 1959 after the Kent League folded, leaving a number of clubs without a league to play in.
 Seven of the founder members were from the Kent League and four from the London League.
 The league had two divisions, although Division Two consisted mainly of the reserve teams of clubs in Division One; Medway Corinthians and Orpington Athletic were the only two clubs to field a first team in Division Two; Medway joined in 1959 and left in 1961, with Orpington joining in 1960 and remaining until the league folded.
 As a result of Division Two being largely reserve teams, there was no promotion or relegation between the two divisions.
Mario Benjamin Menéndez (3 April 1930 – 18 September 2015) was the Argentine governor of the Falklands during the 1982 Argentine occupation of the islands.
 He also served in the Argentine Army.
 Menéndez surrendered Argentine forces to Britain during the Falklands War.
On 10 June 1982, during the Falklands War, Many Branch Point, a ridge near Port Howard, in West Falkland, was the site of a minor skirmish between Argentine and British forces.
 The engagement ended with the death of the SAS patrol commander, Captain Gavin Hamilton.
 This action was the only land engagement of British and Argentine forces on West Falkland during the Falklands War.
The Court of Session Act 1808 (also known as the Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act 1808) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom (citation "48 Geo III c. 151") which reformed Scotland's highest court, the Court of Session.
 Reform of the Court of Session had been proposed as early as 1805 by the Whig government trying to impose a system based on that of England, especially the use of a civil jury trial.
 That particular government fell before their reform bill was enacted.
 In 1808, reform was pushed through by a Tory government.
 The Court was split into two divisions.
 Judgments of the new divisions could only be appealed to the House of Lords at the leave of the division, or in the case of a dispute between its judges.
 Decrees of the Lords Ordinary could only be appealed to the House of Lords after being reviews by the Divisional judges.
 The Act also established a commission to review the processes of the Court of Session, including the possibility of the introduction of jury trial and the creation of permanent Lords Ordinary.
 The Commissioner's review led to two further Acts, the Court of Session Act 1810 and the Court of Session Act 1813.
 These two Acts created the existing system of two divisions known as the Outer House and the Inner House.
 Trial by jury came later with the Jury Trials (Scotland) Act 1815.
The Battle of the Bulge (16 December 1944 – 25 January 1945) was the last major German offensive campaign on the Western Front during World War II.
 It was launched through the densely forested Ardennes region of Wallonia in eastern Belgium, northeast France, and Luxembourg, towards the end of World War II.
 The surprise attack caught the Allied forces completely off guard.
 American forces bore the brunt of the attack and incurred their highest casualties of any operation during the war.
 The battle also severely depleted Germany's armored forces, and they were largely unable to replace them.
 German personnel and, later, Luftwaffe aircraft (in the concluding stages of the engagement) also sustained heavy losses.
The OHL's Central Division is one of four divisions in the league, and one of two divisions in the Eastern Conference.
 The division was created in 1994 as the OHL underwent a realignment from two divisions to three, and originally had five teams, the Guelph Storm, Kitchener Rangers, Niagara Falls Thunder, Owen Sound Platers and Sudbury Wolves.
 The Sudbury Wolves are the only team from the original Central Division to have remained in the division since it was created in 1994.
In the late 1840s, the Argentine Confederation attempted to regulate traffic on the Paraná and Uruguay rivers, which impacted upon Anglo-French trade with the landlocked Paraguay.
 As a result, Britain and France took military action in the Anglo-French blockade of the Río de la Plata.
 Although militarily successful, the victories against Argentine forces proved somewhat pyrrhic and both withdrew their forces and made treaties with Argentina.
 The peace treaty with the British is referred to as the ; or the Arana–Southern Treaty.
The OHL's East Division is one of four divisions in the league, and one of two divisions in the Eastern Conference.
 The division was created in 1994 as the OHL underwent a realignment from two divisions to three, and originally had six teams, as the Belleville Bulls, Kingston Frontenacs, North Bay Centennials, Oshawa Generals, Ottawa 67's, and Peterborough Petes moved from the Leyden Division into the newly created East Division.
The OHL's West Division is one of four divisions in the league, and one of two divisions in the Western Conference.
 The division was created in 1994 as the OHL underwent a realignment that saw the league go from two divisions to three.
 The teams creating the West Division in 1994 were the Detroit Junior Red Wings, London Knights, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds and Windsor Spitfires from the Emms Division, while the Newmarket Royals relocated and became the Sarnia Sting, who were in the Leyden Division.
Admiral of the Fleet John David Elliott Fieldhouse, Baron Fieldhouse, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (12 February 1928 – 17 February 1992) was a Royal Navy officer.
 He commanded five submarines and a frigate before achieving higher command in the Navy.
 Following the invasion of the Falkland Islands by Argentine forces in April 1982, Fieldhouse was appointed Commander of the Task Force (designated Task Force 317), given responsibility for "Operation Corporate", the mission to recover the Falkland Islands.
 The campaign ended in the surrender of Argentine forces in June 1982.
 He became First Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Staff in December 1982 and, in that role, persuaded the British Government to fund the replacement of ships lost in the Falklands War.
 He went on to be Chief of the Defence Staff in the mid-1980s.
