Granada is a 2009 German-style board game developed by Dirk Henn and published by Queen Games.
 It is based on and heavily inspired by Henn's earlier game, the Spiel des Jahres-winning "Alhambra".
 Due to its similar theme, it is published as a "standalone game in the "Alhambra" family".
Two symmetrical patterns are considered to be equivalent if they have exactly the same types of symmetry.
 As recently as 1891, it was finally proved that there are only 17 inequivalent symmetry patterns in the plane.
 However, the Moors, who lived in Spain from the eighth to the fifteenth centuries, were aware of all 17 types of symmetry patterns.
 Examples of the patterns were used to decorate the Alhambra, a Moorish fortress in Granada.
Alhambra (German: Der Palast von Alhambra , literally "The Palace of the Alhambra") is a 2003 tile-based German-style board game designed by Dirk Henn.
 It was originally published in Germany by Queen Games in a language-interdependent version; an English-specific version was released in North America by the now-defunct Überplay.
 The game is an Arabian-themed update, set during the construction of the Alhambra palace in 14th century Granada, of the 1998 stock trading board game "Stimmt So!"
, which in turn was an update of the 1992 mafia influence board game "Al Capone"; the original version was subsequently released as "".
Moorish architecture is the articulated Islamic architecture of North Africa and parts of Spain and Portugal (Al Andalus), where the Moors were dominant between 711 and 1492.
 The best surviving examples are La Mezquita in Córdoba and the Alhambra palace in Granada (mainly 1338–1390), as well as the Giralda in Seville (1184).
 Other notable examples include the ruined palace city of Medina Azahara (936–1010), the church (former mosque) San Cristo de la Luz in Toledo, the Aljafería in Saragossa and baths at for example Ronda and Alhama de Granada.
Artesonado is the name for a highly decorative coffered wooden ceiling in Spanish mudéjar architecture.
 Examples are the ceilings in Throne room of the Aljafería (Zaragoza), Alhambra (Granada), the Chapterhouse of the Toledo Cathedral and the Royal Convent of Santa Clara (Tordesillas)
Alhambra Publishing is a Swedish publishing house established in 1986 to publish Swedish translations of Arabic classic and contemporary literature.
 Examples include translations of Ibn Khaldun's 14th-century "Prolegomena", and of novels by Naguib Mahfouz.
 Alhambra's ambition "to show solidarity between all human cultures" has led it to also publish Swedish translations from other cultures, including China and Latin America.
 In addition, it established in the 1990s a popular science series, the "Alhambra pocket encyclopedia", comprising 85 titles by 2011.
Tsuro is a tile-based board game designed by Tom McMurchie, originally published by WizKids and now published by Calliope Games.
Yeseria is a technique of carving plaster used by the Spanish Moors.
 Plaster was often carved into geometric and Islamic-influenced motifs.
 The Alhambra and the Córdoba Synagogue have many fine examples of yeseria.
Carat is an abstract tile laying German style board game designed by Dirk Henn and published in 1993 by Queen Games and db Spiele.
 In 2004, after the success of "Alhambra", Queen Games released an updated version of the game with an Arabian theme called "Die Gärten der Alhambra".
The Ayla-Axum amphorae are narrow conical amphoras that were named after the widest range of finds in the Red Sea.
 Subsequent findings since the mid- 1990s indicate, however, that the amphoras originate in Byzantine, or even early Islamic, Aqaba.
 Hence, the preferred nomenclature is now "Aqaba Amphora."
 The Ayla-Axum/Aqaba amphora type has parallels from at least three terrestrial sites in Eritrea and Ethiopia: Aksum, where amphora sherds with gray fabric were found by the Deutsche Aksum Expedition (Zahn 1913: 208); Matara dating to the 4th through 7th centuries (Anfray 1990: 118); and Adulis (Paribeni 1907: 551) examples of which are on display in the National Museum in Asmara.
 Other examples have been found at Berenike in Egypt, where the amphoras date firmly to an early 5th century context in what may be the best stratified examples (Hayes 1996: 159-61); from Aqaba in Jordan where many examples have been found, including their kilns; on The Shipwreck at Black Assarca Island, Eritrea (Pedersen 2008; Pedersen 2000); and in the Mediterranean such as on the late 6th-century shipwreck at Iskandil Burnu, Turkey, as well as in Spain and Carthage in strata datable from the mid-fourth to the sixth centuries (Keay 1986: 356, 358, 471).
 The largest number (c. 500) came to light during excavations at Zafar/Yemen.
