Hidden City is the tenth studio album by the British rock band The Cult, released on 5 February 2016 through Cooking Vinyl and Dine Alone Records.
 It is the final part of a trilogy that began with "Born into This" (2007), and The Cult's first album since their 1994 self-titled album not to feature bassist Chris Wyse; the role was filled by producer Bob Rock and Jane's Addiction bassist Chris Chaney.
 It also marks the fifth time Rock had produced a Cult album.
Hidden City Entertainment was a game publisher founded in 2004 (as Hidden City Games, Inc.) by Jesper Myrfors and Paul Peterson to develop and market the chip-throwing game, "Clout Fantasy."
 After Clout was developed the company recruited Peter Adkison as CEO.
Bella Sara is a children's card trading game that combines a world of magical horses with game play.
 Published by Seattle-based game company Hidden City Entertainment, "Bella Sara" began as a trading card game that has since expanded into an international product line.
 With three set releases each year, all trading cards have images of illustrated horses, characters and magical friends with positive, inspirational messages on them.
 Each card pack includes secret codes that can be redeemed on the website to care for and nurture magical horses online.
 Select "Bella Sara" products include these secret codes to expand the magical world even further.
Leslie Herbert "Les" Irwin, CBE (1 May 1898 – 28 January 1985) was an Australian politician.
 Born in Newcastle, New South Wales, he was educated at state schools and underwent military service 1916–30.
 Upon the end of his service, he became a bank manager.
 In 1963, he was selected as the Liberal candidate for the seat of Mitchell in the Australian House of Representatives.
 He was the last person born in the nineteenth century, the last person born before Federation, and the last World War I veteran elected to the House.
 He held Mitchell until his defeat in 1972.
 Irwin died in 1985.
Tripcombi, founded in 2012, as Tripdelta, is an online startup.
 Free for users, it is a flight search engine that enables travelers to find airfares globally from different online travel agencies and airlines.
 It does this by using hidden flight routing and hidden city ticketing techniques.
 Tripdelta's tactics include combining two separate ticket bookings, searching airfares on low-cost carriers, and booking passengers in the airports close to their place of departure and their intended destination.
 In March 2015, Tripdelta took part in the third batch of the Microsoft Ventures Accelerator in Berlin.
 The company is based in Cologne, Germany and was recently voted as one of "Germany's Top 25 Hottest Young Companies" by the newspaper Horizont.
Edwin Leard Mechem (July 2, 1912November 27, 2002) was a prominent Republican politician from New Mexico.
 He served as the 15th, 17th and 19th Governor of New Mexico and represented the state in the United States Senate.
 Mechem was the first person born in the 20th century to become the state's governor, as well as the first person born in New Mexico after statehood to succeed to the office.
 He later served as a Federal Judge.
Carbonated Games was the first-party game developer studio for Microsoft Casual Games in Microsoft Studios.
 It was founded and run by Joshua Howard, and was active from 2004 until its disbanding on March 27, 2008.
 Carbonated Games developers were located in Redmond, WA; Hyderabad, India; and Beijing, China.
 Its alumni went on to Hidden City Entertainment, Microsoft Aces (Microsoft Flight Simulator), Blizzard Entertainment, Hourglass Games, the Microsoft Xbox Live Arcade group, GameHouse, Amazing Society, Realtime Worlds, Playdom, PopCap Games, Crytek, Griptonite Games, and DigiPen Institute of Technology.
 During its tenure, the studio created games for Xbox Live Arcade, MSN Messenger, MSN Games, and Microsoft Surface, including:
Jesper Myrfors (born  1964 in Sweden) is a founding member of Hidden City Games and Clout Fantasy.
Nabi Tajima (田島 ナビ , Tajima Nabi , born 4 August 1900) is a Japanese supercentenarian.
 At the age of , she is the world's oldest verified living person and the last surviving person born in the 19th century.
 She is the oldest verified Japanese and Asian person ever.
Nathaniel Popkin (born August 23, 1969) is a Philadelphia-based writer, editor, and historian.
 He is the author of "Song of the City" (2002, Basic Books), "The Possible City" (2008, Camino Books), Lion and Leopard (2013, The Head and The Hand Press), and "Philadelphia: Finding the Hidden City" (2017, Temple Press).
 He co-founded the Hidden City Daily in 2011.
