The Division of Kooyong is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria.
 The Division was proclaimed in 1900, and was one of the original 75 divisions to be contested at the first Federal election.
 It covers an area of approximately 52 km2 in the inner-east suburbs of Melbourne.
 It is named after the suburb of Kooyong, on which it was originally based.
 However, Kooyong has not been in its namesake electorate for some time, being instead in neighbouring Higgins.
 Nonetheless, the seat has retained the name of Kooyong, primarily because the Australian Electoral Commission's guidelines on electoral redistributions require it to preserve the names of original electorates where possible.
The Division of Hotham is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria.
 The division was created in 1969 and is named for Sir Charles Hotham, Governor of Victoria 1854–55.
 It is located in the south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne.
 Hotham covers an area of approximately 72 square kilometres from Oakleigh in the north to Dingley Village in the south.
 The division includes the suburbs of Bentleigh East, Clarinda, Dingley Village, Heatherton and Moorabbin in their entirety, and parts of Clayton, Cheltenham, Hughesdale, Murrumbeena, Noble Park, Oakleigh, and Springvale.
 Hotham is the only electorate in Victoria which does not have either a waterway or a body of water forming any part of its boundary.
The Division of Fawkner was an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria.
 The division was created in 1906 as a replacement for Southern Melbourne, and was abolished itself in 1969.
 It was named for John Pascoe Fawkner, one of the founders of Melbourne.
 It was located in the inner southern suburbs of Melbourne, including at various times Prahran, South Yarra, St Kilda and Toorak.
 It was usually a safe conservative seat, but was occasionally won by the Australian Labor Party.
The Division of McMillan is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria.
 It is located in the western part of the Gippsland region, which extends for the length of Victoria's eastern Bass Strait coastline.
 It includes the outer south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Pakenham, and also includes the towns of Warragul, Moe, Wonthaggi, Leongatha and Foster.
 It stretches from Mount Baw Baw and the Baw Baw National Park in the north to Wilsons Promontory, and the Wilsons Promontory National Park in the south.
 It is the southernmost Electoral Division in continental Australia.
The Division of Balaclava was an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria.
 The division was created in 1900 and was one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election.
 It was named for the suburb of Balaclava, which in turn was named for a battlefield of the Crimean War.
 It was based in the wealthy inner southern suburbs of Melbourne, including Brighton and Sandringham.
 It was always a safe seat for the conservative parties, being held successively by Protectionist Party, Nationalist Party, United Australia Party and Liberal Party members.
 It was abolished and replaced by the Division of Goldstein in 1984.
A district electoral division (DED; Irish: "Toghroinn ceantair" ) is a former name given to a low-level territorial division in Ireland.
 In 1994, both district electoral divisions and wards (the equivalent of district electoral divisions within the five county boroughs) were renamed as electoral divisions (the boundaries and names of the DEDs and wards themselves remained unchanged).
 In the Republic of Ireland, DEDs are the smallest legally defined administrative areas in the state for which small area population statistics (SAPS) are published from the Census.
 In the European Union, Local administrative units (LAUs) are basic components of Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS) regions.
 For each EU member country, two levels of Local Administrative Units (LAU) are defined: LAU-1 and LAU-2, which were previously called NUTS-4 and NUTS-5 respectively, until the NUTS regulation went into force in July 2003.
 The District electoral division is at the level of LAU-2.
 There are a total of 3,440 electoral divisions within the Republic of Ireland.
South Yarra is an inner suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 4 km south-east of Melbourne's Central Business District, located within the Cities of Melbourne and Stonnington local government areas. South Yarra recorded a population of 25,147 at the 2016 Census.
Penparcau is a village and an electoral division in Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, Wales, constituting the south side of Aberystwyth.
 Aberystwyth-Penparcau is the largest electoral division in Ceredigion and elects two county councillors.
 It is also the 3rd most populated division in Ceredigion (3,122 Census 2011) after Aberystwyth and Cardigan.
 Penparcau is also the name of the village which covers a portion of the electoral division alongside Southgate and Caeffynnon.
The Division of Maribyrnong is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria.
 It is located in the inner north-western suburbs of Melbourne.
 It covers the suburbs of Aberfeldie, Airport West, Avondale Heights, Braybrook, Essendon, Kealba, Keilor East, Maribyrnong, Moonee Ponds, Niddrie, St. Albans and Sunshine North.
 Due to redistributions, the division has been slowly moving west.
 It originally covered the suburbs of Footscray and North Melbourne.
 According to the 2011 census, Maribyrnong has the highest proportion of Catholics in any Commonwealth Electoral Division in Australia with 41.6% of the population.
Fitzroy is an inner-city suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 3 km north-east of Melbourne's Central Business District in the local government area of the City of Yarra.
 At the 2016 Census, Fitzroy had a population of 10,445.
 Planned as Melbourne's first suburb, it was later also one of the city's first areas to gain municipal status.
 It occupies Melbourne's smallest and most densely populated suburban area, just 100 ha.
