Farrar is a surname.
 The principal contemporary alternate spelling is Ferrar.
 Other versions, including archaic ones, are Farrars, Ferrars, de Ferrars, Ferrars de Groby, de Ferriers, de Ferrières and the oldest known form, de Ferrières-Saint-Hilaire.
 Farrar may refer to:
Guy de Beauchamp, 10th Earl of Warwick (c. 1272 – 12 August 1315) was an English magnate, and one of the principal opponents of King Edward II and his favourite, Piers Gaveston.
 Guy de Beauchamp was the son of William de Beauchamp, the first Beauchamp earl of Warwick, and succeeded his father in 1298.
 He distinguished himself at the Battle of Falkirk and subsequently, as a capable servant of the crown under King Edward I.
 After the succession of Edward II in 1307, however, he soon fell out with the new king and the king's favourite, Piers Gaveston.
 Warwick was one of the main architects behind the Ordinances of 1311, that limited the powers of the king and banished Gaveston into exile.
Louis-Philippe Mariauchau d’Esgly (24 April 1710 – 4 June 1788) was the eighth bishop of the diocese of Quebec.
 He was the son of Captain Francois Mariauchau d'Esgly (1670-1730), of the Dauphin's Regiment and the Governor-General's Guards; King's Lieutenant at Trois-Rivières.
 His mother, Louise-Philippe Chartier de Lotbinière (1690-1725), was the daughter of René-Louis Chartier de Lotbinière.
 He was godson of his mother's first cousin, Pierre de Rigaud, Marquis de Vaudreuil-Cavagnial, and he himself was a first cousin of Michel Chartier de Lotbinière, Marquis de Lotbinière.
 He was ordained a priest in 1734 and Bishop Dosquet sent him to the parish on Île d'Orléans.
 Abbé d’Esgly was bishop of the diocese of Quebec from 1784-1788.
Erchinoald (also "Erkinoald" and, in French, "Erchenout") succeeded Aega as the mayor of the palace of Neustria in 641 and succeeded Flaochad in Burgundy in 642 and remained such until his death in 658.
 According to Fredegar, he was a relative ("consanguineus") of Dagobert I's mother.
 Chaume cites the "Notitia de Fundatione Monasterii Glanderiensis" to suggest that Erchinoald was son of the Gallo Roman senator Ansbertus, and that Erchinoald's son, Leudesius, was therefore a descendant of the Gallo-Roman families of the Syagrii and Ferrèoli Erchinoald's relationship with Merovingian King Dagobert has been proposed to have been through his mother Gerberga, daughter of Burgundian "dux" Ricomeres ("fl."
 575) and Bertrude, her putative sister, and mother of King Dagobert.
 Herchenfrida (Erchinfreda), mother of St. Desiderius of Cahors will have also been of this family as is further evidenced "inter alia" by that Gallo-Roman saint's close ties to King Dagobert, and a brother named "Syagrius".
Yaza Dewi (Burmese: ရာဇဒေဝီ , ] ) was a principal queen consort of King Bayinnaung of Burma.
 She was the mother of King Nawrahta Minsaw of Lan Na, Queen Yaza Datu Kalaya of Toungoo and Thiri Thudhamma Yaza, Viceroy of Martaban.
 She was a niece of King Narapati II of Ava.
 She was a minor queen of King Bayinnaung but was elevated to be his third principal queen on 17 March 1563.
 She died a year and a half later.
Oakham Castle, in Oakham, Rutland, was constructed between 1180 and 1190 for Walchelin de Ferriers, Lord of the Manor of Oakham.
 The Castle is known for its collection of massive horseshoes and is also recognised as one of the best examples of domestic Norman architecture in England.
Jacques de Beaufranchet was born in 1731.
 His sister Amable married Gilbert Antoine des Aix, "seigneur de Veygoux", and was mother to the famous General Desaix, who died at the Battle of Marengo in 1800.
 He was captain to the major's aide for the Beauvoisis regiment.
 He was killed in 1757 at the Battle of Rosbach, and left behind his wife " La belle Morphyse ", who was King Louis XV's mistress, and who he had married November 25, 1755.
 From certain memoires, the lady Marie-Louise O'Murphy de Boisfaily, known as "Morphyse", was born in Rouen, in Normandy, from an officer of the King of France, of Irish origin.
 Louis XV, had her married to Captain Jacques Pelet, Count of Beaufranchet, and "seigneur d’Ayat", which gave her 200 000 pounds in dot, 1000 pounds in marital fees, not including the 50 000 pounds which he gave to her husband.
John de Cheam [Cheyam] was a 13th-century English cleric who became Bishop of Glasgow.
 Before attaining Glasgow, he had previously been the archdeacon of Bath and a papal chaplain.
 In the summer of 1259, after the quashing of the election of Nicholas de Moffat, Pope Adrian IV provided John to the see, and he was consecrated soon after at the Roman court without any consultation with the Glasgow canons.
 His election was opposed by King Alexander III of Scotland, who sent a protest to Pope Alexander IV.
 The pope refused to revoke the decision, but promised to make John render fealty to the king.
 Bishop John arrived in Scotland in the year 1260.
 When the mother of the king, Marie de Coucy, fled from her second husband John de Brienne (a.k.a. Jean d'Acre), the Grand Butler of the King of France and the son of John de Brienne, King of Jerusalem, Bishop John was used by King Alexander to reconcile them.
 Bishop John was one of the witnesses to the Treaty of Perth on 2 July 1266.
 However, his good relations with the king did not make up for the resentment felt by the Glasgow canons at an outside appointee, and John eventually resigned his see in 1267, and went to France.
 He died at Meaux the following year, and was buried there.
Thawisan Ladawan (Thai: ทวีสันต์ ลดาวัลย์ ) (26 January 1923 – 7 April 2006) was husband of Busba Kitiyakara (younger sister of Queen Sirikit), a member of King Bhumibol Adulyadej's Privy Council, and for 26 years, principal private secretary to the King.
 Thawisan attended Vajiravudh College and graduated from the inaugural class of Thammasat University in 1938.
 He worked in several capitals, including Paris and Brussels, and earned a Diplome d'Etudes Superieures de Droit International Public from Paris University in 1954.
 He became Deputy Director-Deneral of the Protocol Department before departing in 1968 to serve as Deputy Principal Private Secretary to Bhumibol.
 A year later he became Bhumibol's Principal Private Secretary, and was later appointed to the Privy Council.
 He died at the age of 83 due to chronic liver disease.
Walchelin de Ferrieres (or Walkelin de Ferrers) (died 1201) was a Norman baron and principal captain of King Richard I of England.
