A Gauleiter (] ) was the party leader of a regional branch of the NSDAP (more commonly known as the Nazi Party) or the head of a "Gau" or of a "Reichsgau".
 The word can be singular or plural, depending on the context.
 "Gauleiter" was the second highest Nazi Party paramilitary rank, subordinate only to the higher rank "Reichsleiter" and to the position of "Führer".
 During World War II, the rank of "Gauleiter" was obtained only by direct appointment from Adolf Hitler.
The Nazi Party of Costa Rica (Spanish: "Partido Nazi de Costa Rica" ) was the name of a Costa Rican movement during the 1930s.
 It was never legalized as a political party but was well organized and supported Nazi Germany during World War II.
Nazi Germany is the common English name for the period in German history from 1933 to 1945, when Germany was governed by a dictatorship under the control of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party (NSDAP).
 Under Hitler's rule, Germany was transformed into a totalitarian state in which the Nazi Party controlled nearly all aspects of life.
 The official name of the state was "Deutsches Reich" from 1933 to 1943 and "Großdeutsches Reich" ("Greater German Reich") from 1943 to 1945.
 The period is also known under the names the Third Reich (German: "Drittes Reich" ) and the National Socialist Period (German: "Zeit des Nationalsozialismus" , abbreviated as "NS-Zeit").
 The Nazi regime came to an end after the Allied Powers defeated Germany in May 1945, ending World War II in Europe.
Betriebsobmann was a political position of the Nazi Party which existed between the years 1939 and 1945.
 The term first came into being at the start of World War II and was unique only to the local level of the Nazi Party, known as the "Ortsgruppen".
Philosopher Martin Heidegger joined the Nazi Party (NSDAP) on May 1, 1933, ten days after being elected Rector of the University of Freiburg.
 A year later, in April 1934, he resigned the Rectorship and stopped taking part in Nazi Party meetings, but remained a member of the Nazi Party until its dismantling at the end of World War II.
 The denazification hearings immediately after World War II led to Heidegger's dismissal from Freiburg, banning him from teaching.
 In 1949, after several years of investigation, the French military finally classified Heidegger as a "Mitläufer" or "Nazi follower".
 The teaching ban was lifted in 1951 and Heidegger was granted "emeritus" status in 1953, but he was never allowed to resume his philosophy chair.
Otto Johann Maximilian Strasser (also German: "Straßer" , see ß; 10 September 1897 – 27 August 1974) was a German politician and an early member of the Nazi Party.
 Otto Strasser, together with his brother Gregor Strasser, was a leading member of the party's left-wing faction, and broke from the party due to disputes with the dominant ‘Hitlerite’ faction.
 He formed the Black Front, a group intended to split the Nazi Party and take it from the grasp of Hitler.
 This group also functioned during his exile and World War II as a secret opposition group.
Der Stürmer (] , lit.
 "The Stormer/Attacker/Striker") was a weekly German tabloid-format newspaper published by Julius Streicher, the Gauleiter of Franconia, from 1923 to the end of World War II, with brief suspensions in publication due to legal difficulties.
 It was a significant part of Nazi propaganda and was vehemently anti-Semitic.
 The paper was not an official publication of the Nazi party, but was published privately by Streicher.
 For this reason, the paper did not display the Nazi party swastika in its logo.
 The paper was a very lucrative business for Streicher, and made him a multi-millionaire.
Otto Telschow (27 February 1876, Wittenberge, Brandenburg – 31 May 1945), a German Nazi Party official, was born in Wittenberge and became a police official in Hamburg.
 Telschow joined the German Social Party in 1905.
 In 1925 he joined the Nazi Party, and was the founder of the regional Nazi newspaper, the "Niedersachsen-Stürmer".
 In October 1928, Telschow was appointed Gauleiter (regional party leader) of the Nazi party's regional subsection Gau Eastern Hanover, a post he retained until the end of World War II.
 Telschow gained more influence after 1935, when the Nazi-party "Gaue" usurped the functions of the streamlined German states.
 In 1930 he was elected to the Reichstag for the Ost-Hannover electoral district, and remained a member until 1945.
 He was taken prisoner by the British Army at Lüneburg and committed suicide in prison by slashing his wrists.
The German concept of Lebensraum (] , English: "living space" ) refers to policies and practices of settler colonialism which proliferated in Germany from the 1890s to the 1940s.
 First popularized around 1901, "Lebensraum" became a geopolitical goal of Imperial Germany in World War I (1914–1918) originally, as the core element of the "Septemberprogramm" of territorial expansion.
<ref name="E/N301"> </ref> The most extreme form of this ideology was supported by the Nazi Party (NSDAP) and Nazi Germany until the end of World War II.
Karl-Heinz Schnibbe (January 5, 1924 – May 9, 2010) was a former World War II resistance group member who, as a 17-year-old growing up in Nazi Germany in 1941, was an accomplice in a plan by three German teenagers, members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS), to distribute information to the citizens of Germany on the evils of the Nazi regime during World War II.
 Led by 16-year-old Helmuth Hübener, the three boys created, posted and distributed cards and pamphlets denouncing Hitler and the Nazi party.
 They were eventually caught by the Gestapo and, after repeated beatings, were convicted and sentenced.
 Hübener was executed, the youngest person to be sentenced to death for opposing the Third Reich, and Schnibbe was sentenced to five years in a labor camp.
 After the war and his release from a Soviet POW camp, Schnibbe emigrated to the United States in 1952, living in the Salt Lake City, Utah area until his death on May 9, 2010.
