In English history, Act of Settlement most commonly refers to the Act of Settlement 1701, governing the line of succession to the English throne and, after 1707, to the British throne.
Prince Christian of Hanover (Christian Heinrich Clemens Paul Frank Peter Welf Wilhelm-Ernst Friedrich Franz Prince of Hanover, Duke of Brunswick and Lüneburg; born 1 June 1985) is the younger son of Ernst August, Prince of Hanover, and his first wife Chantal Hochuli.
 He is the second in the line of succession to the former Hanoverian throne, after his elder brother Prince Ernst August.
 As a descendant of George III of the United Kingdom, Christian is also in the line of succession to the British throne.
The Succession to the Crown Act 2013 (c. 20) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
 It altered the laws of succession to the British throne in accordance with the 2011 Perth Agreement.
 The act replaced male-preference primogeniture with absolute primogeniture for those born in the line of succession after 28 October 2011, which meant the eldest child regardless of gender would precede his or her siblings.
 The act also ended the disqualification of a person who married a Roman Catholic from the line of succession, and removed the requirement of those outside the first six persons in line to the throne to seek the Sovereign's approval to marry.
 It was brought into force on 26 March 2015, at the same time as the other Commonwealth realms implemented the Perth Agreement in their own laws.
The Jacobite rising of 1745 (Scottish Gaelic: "Bliadhna Theàrlaich" ] , "The Year of Charles") was the attempt by Charles Edward Stuart to regain the British throne for the exiled House of Stuart.
 The rising occurred during the War of the Austrian Succession, when most of the British Army was on the European continent.
 Charles Edward Stuart, commonly known as "Bonnie Prince Charlie" or "the Young Pretender", sailed to Scotland and raised the Jacobite standard at Glenfinnan in the Scottish Highlands, where he was supported by a gathering of Highland clansmen.
 The march south began with an initial victory at Prestonpans near Edinburgh.
 The Jacobite army, now in bold spirits, marched onwards to Carlisle, over the border in England.
 When it reached Derby, some British divisions were recalled from the Continent and the Jacobite army retreated north to Inverness where the last battle on Scottish soil took place on a nearby moor at Culloden.
 The Battle of Culloden ended with the final defeat of the Jacobite cause.
 Charles Edward Stuart fled with a price on his head before finally sailing to France.
Kashyapa I, also known as Kasyapa I, was a king of Sri Lanka, who ruled the country from 473 to 495 CE.
 He was the second king of the royal Mauryan dynasty of Sri Lanka.
 Kashyapa is credited with the construction of the Sigiriya citadel and the surrounding city.
 He acquired the throne by overthrowing his father, King Dhatusena, and usurping his brother and rightful heir to the throne, Moggallana, in a palace coup.
 He imprisoned and later executed his father.
 Kashyapa was also known as "Pithru Ghathaka Kashyapa" (Kashyapa the Patricide), after this incident.
 He was later defeated by Moggallana, who had fled to South India and returned with an army to regain the throne.
 Kashyapa was killed in the battle that ensued.
Karl-Konstantin von Habsburg (Given names: Karl-Konstantin Michael Stephan Maria; born on 20 July 2004 in Budapest) referred to in Austria as Karl-Konstantin Habsburg-Lothringen, in Hungary as Habsburg Károly Konstantin, and also as Archduke Karl-Konstantin of Austria, is the only son of Georg von Habsburg and Duchess Eilika of Oldenburg.
 s of 2016 , he is considered third in line of succession to the former Austro-Hungarian throne.
 He is the great-grandson of Emperor Charles I of Austria through his grandfather Otto von Habsburg.
 Through his maternal grandfather, he is a descendant of George II of Great Britain, and would therefore be in line for the British throne were he not a Catholic and barred by the Act of Settlement.
The Dauphine of France (] ) was the wife of the Dauphin of France (the heir apparent to the French throne).
 The position was analogous to the Princess of Wales (the wife of the heir apparent to the British throne).
The Raids on Lochaber and Shiramore took place in the Scottish Highlands between 22 May and 31 August 1746 and were part of the closing operations of the British-Hanoverian Government to bring to an end the Jacobite rising of 1745.
 Sometimes referred to as the "mopping up" operations many rebels surrendered themselves and their arms, while others were captured and punished.
 It also included the hunt for the Jacobite leader "Bonnie Prince" Charles Edward Stuart otherwise known as the "Young Pretender".
 Most of the work was done on behalf of the Government by the Independent Highland Companies of militia and also the Campbell of Argyll Militia.
Reprisal operations (Hebrew: פעולות התגמול‎ , "Pe'ulot HaTagmul ") were raids carried out by the Israel Defense Forces in the 1950s and 1960s in response to frequent fedayeen attacks during which armed Arab militants infiltrated Israel from Syria, Egypt and Jordan to carry out attacks on Israeli civilians and soldiers.
 Most of Reprisal operations followed raids that resulted in Israeli fatalities.
 The goal of these operations was to create deterrence and prevent future attacks.
 Two other factors behind the raids were restoring public morale and training newly formed army units.
Count Ingolf of Rosenborg {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'RE', '4': "} (born 17 February 1940) is a former Danish prince.
 Born Prince Ingolf of Denmark (Danish: "Prins Ingolf Christian Frederik Knud Harald Gorm Gustav Viggo Valdemar Aage til Danmark" ), he appeared likely to some day become king until the constitution was changed in 1953 to allow females to inherit the crown, placing his branch of the dynasty behind that of his cousin Princess Margrethe and her two younger sisters.
 He later gave up his princely rank and his rights to the throne in order to marry a commoner.
 However, through his mother, he is a legitimate descendant of King George II of Great Britain, and retains a place in line to the British throne.
