The kings of Alba Longa, or Alban kings (Latin: "reges Albani"), were a series of legendary kings of Latium, who ruled from the ancient city of Alba Longa.
 In the mythic tradition of ancient Rome, they fill the 400-year gap between the settlement of Aeneas in Italy and the founding of the city of Rome by Romulus.
 It was this line of descent to which the Julii claimed kinship.
 The traditional line of the Alban kings ends with Numitor, the grandfather of Romulus and Remus.
 One later king, Gaius Cluilius, is mentioned by Roman historians, although his relation to the original line, if any, is unknown; and after his death, a few generations after the time of Romulus, the city was destroyed by Tullus Hostilius, the third King of Rome, and its population transferred to Alba's daughter city.
Pompey's campaign in Iberia and Colchis (Georgian: პომპეუსის ლაშქრობა საქართველოში ) took place in 65 BC and was a consequence of the Mithridatic Wars.
 Rome sought to expand its borders and establish itself as a Hegemon of the Middle East.
 After mostly subjugating the Kingdom of Pontus and the Kingdom of Armenia Romans turned to the Iberian Kingdom, whose king Artag was an ally of Pontus.
Jehoash (Hebrew: יהואש "Yəhō’āš" or יואש "Yō’āš"; Latin: "Joas" ; fl.
 c. 790 BC), whose name means “Yahweh has given,” was a king of the ancient northern Kingdom of Israel (Samaria) and the son of Jehoahaz.
 He was the 12th king of Israel and reigned for 16 years.
 William F. Albright has dated his reign to 801 BC – 786 BC, while E. R. Thiele offers the dates 798 BC – 782 BC.
 When he ascended the throne, the Kingdom of Israel was suffering from the predations of the Arameans, whose king Hazael was reducing the amount of land controlled by Israel.
Ethnic Germans served on both sides of the American Revolutionary War.
 Many supported the Loyalist cause and served as allies of Great Britain, whose King George III was also the Elector of Hanover.
 Other Germans came to assist the rebelling American patriots, but most of the Germans who were patriots were colonists.
The Siege of Zara or Siege of Zadar (Croatian: "Opsada Zadra" , Hungarian: "Zára ostroma" ; 10–24 November 1202) was the first major action of the Fourth Crusade and the first attack against a Catholic city by Catholic crusaders.
 The crusaders had an agreement with Venice for transport across the sea, but the price far exceeded what they were able to pay.
 Venice set the condition that the crusaders help them capture Zadar (or Zara), a constant battleground between Venice on one side and Croatia and Hungary on the other, whose king, Emeric, pledged himself to join the Crusade.
 Although a part of the crusaders refused to take part in the siege, the attack on Zadar began in November 1202 despite letters from Pope Innocent III forbidding such an action and threatening excommunication.
 Zadar fell on 24 November and the Venetians and the crusaders sacked the city.
 After spending the winter in Zadar the Fourth Crusade continued its campaign, which led to the Siege of Constantinople.
Ruśama or Rusama (Sanskrit: रुशम) was a Rigvedic tribe mentioned in Mandala 8, whose King Raṇancaya was defeated by Rigvedic Aryans,
James Brainard is the six-term mayor of Carmel, Indiana, a principal city in the Indianapolis metropolitan area.
 Brainard has served 5 consecutive 4 year terms as the mayor of Carmel spanning 20 years.
 In the Primary Election of 2015, he won his sixth term.
 With his victory, Mayor Brainard is one of Indiana’s longest serving mayors.
 For the past 20 years, he has led a city whose population has grown from 25,000 to more than 80,000.
 His keynote projects have been the creation of a new downtown called City Center, where a new 1,600-seat concert hall, the Palladium, opened five years ago, the redevelopment of the oldest part of town into a new Arts & Design District and building several more city parks and trails.
According to the Book of Joshua, Eglon was a Canaanite city, whose king Debir joined a confederacy against Gibeon when that city made peace with Israel.
 The five kings involved were slain and Eglon was later conquered and its inhabitants condemned to destruction.
 It was thereafter included in the territory of the Tribe of Judah, although it is not mentioned outside of the book of Joshua.
 According to K. Van Bekkum, the location of Eglon is unknown, but the most plausible candidate is Tel Eiton.
 The ancient name is preserved at the ruins of Khirbet Ajlan, a few km distant.
The Fire that Consumes is an English translation of the 1955 play by French dramatist Henry de Montherlant, La Ville dont le Prince est un enfant.
 The play was translated by Vivian Cox with Bernard Miles, and staged at the London West End Mermaid Theatre in 1977 with Nigel Hawthorne and Dai Bradley in the key roles.
 The title, literally translated, "The City Whose Prince is a Child", is taken from Ecclesiastes 10:16: ""Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!""
La Ville dont le prince est un enfant is a 1955 play by French dramatist Henry de Montherlant.
 The title, literally translated, "The City Whose Prince is a Child", is taken from Ecclesiastes 10:16: ""Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!"
