The Albany Glassworks Site is an archeological site in Guilderland, Albany County, New York.
 Approximately 2 acre in size, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The Altamont Enterprise & Albany County Post is a weekly newspaper in Albany County, New York, founded in 1884.
 It covers the towns of Guilderland, New Scotland, Berne, Knox, Westerlo, and Rensselaerville, as well as the villages of Altamont and Voorheesville.
 It is the newspaper of record for the towns and villages it covers.
 The Altamont Enterprise has won numerous awards from the New York Press Association, along with consistently ranking as one of the top 10 newspapers in New York State.
The Albany County, New York, Department of Public Works maintains nearly 290 mi of roads and 78 bridges as county routes. All county routes in Albany County are signed with a blue pentagonal shield, the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices' standard shield for county routes.
 Although quite a few county routes are in more than one town, the route number reflects the town that the largest portion of the route is in.
 Two county routes pass though the western portion of the city of Albany.
 Parts of New York State Route 32 (NY 32) and NY 155 are owned and maintained by Albany County and are thus co-signed as state touring routes and as Albany County routes.
The Albany Health and Human Services Corporation (AHHSC) is a proposed public benefit corporation (PBC) of Albany County, New York, and New York State.
 On May 11, 2009, Albany County Comptroller Michael Conners in his "2009 State of Fisc" proposed a PBC for health in Albany County.
 On June 9, 2009, the Albany County, Legislature adopted Resolution 205, which directs the County Executive to develop a plan for the long-term care of the elderly in Albany County.
Guilderland Center is a hamlet in the town of Guilderland, Albany County, New York.
 The hamlet lies along New York Route 146 and the Black Creek, a tributary of the Normans Kill.
John J. McNulty, Jr. ("Jack" or "Big Jack") (1922–2009) was a Northern New York State, U.S.A. political power broker, who held a series of local political offices in Albany County, New York from 1949 and in 6 ensuing decades until the year 2002 and whose crowning political achievement was succeeding at having his son Michael R. McNulty elected to several successive terms as a United States Congressman.
 Jack McNulty is said to have been a "co-congressman" for the 2 decades that his son served in the U.S. Congress, before his retirement from the U.S. House of Representatives in 2008.
 A fellow Democrat, Jack was a staunch opponent of the entrenched old guard Albany County Democratic political machine Democratic Party (U.S.A.), which was run by Dan O’Connell and which in a political in-fight had unseated his father John J. McNulty, Sr. as Sheriff of Albany County, New York back in 1937.
 The high point of Jack's personal political career was when he recaptured that Sheriff's office, being, himself, elected Sheriff of the County of Albany, New York in 1973.
 In later life, Jack was a beloved and respected elder statesman of Northern New York State.
 The mention of his name at a year 2000 Democratic convention at the Times Union Center caused the full arena crowd of 11,000 people to rise in a spontaneous standing ovation.
 "Jack McNulty's word was his bond."
 – Democratic New York State Senator Neil Breslin, "For being 87, Jack knew how to change with the time.
 Jack connected to people in their 20s."
 – Albany County Democratic Chairman Dan McCoy, "the man I often introduced at Democratic Party events as the greatest Democrat I know."
 – Rensselaer County Democratic Chairman Thomas Wade
Valley Paper Mill Chimney and Site is a historic chimney and archaeological site located at Alcove in Albany County, New York.
 It consists of the surviving 1844 Valley Paper Mill chimney and the site of the former straw pulp paper mill.
 The chimney is a rectangular brick tapered structure measuring 9.5 feet by 9.5 feet at its base and rising 110 feet.
 The mill was destroyed by fire in 1891 and the site leveled and filled.
 A significant portion of the site remains undisturbed from the time of the fire.
Slingerlands is a hamlet in the town of Bethlehem, Albany County, New York.
 It is located immediately west of Delmar and near the New Scotland town-line and south of the Albany city-limits.
 It is a suburb of Albany.
 The Slingerlands ZIP Code (12159) includes parts of the towns of New Scotland and Guilderland.
McKownville is a hamlet in the town of Guilderland, Albany County, New York.
 It lies along the eastern border of the town with the city of Albany.
 McKownville is a heavily developed suburb of Albany and is home to many strip malls, shopping centers, and a portion of the University at Albany, SUNY and is bisected by US Route 20 (Western Avenue).
 McKownville is named for John McKown and family, early settlers from the late 18th century.
Guilderland Cemetery Vault is a historic burial vault located in Guilderland Cemetery at Guilderland in Albany County, New York.
 It was built in 1872 and is a small one story cobblestone building.
 It is built of coursed cobblestones with smooth ashlar quoins and rounded arch door.
