Ben "Son" Johnson, Jr. (June 13, 1918 – April 8, 1996) was an American stuntman, world champion rodeo cowboy, and Academy Award-winning actor.
 The son of a rancher, Johnson arrived in Hollywood to deliver a consignment of horses for a film.
 He did stunt-double work for several years before breaking into acting through the good offices of John Ford.
 Tall and laconic, Johnson brought further authenticity to many roles in Westerns with his extraordinary horsemanship.
 An elegiac portrayal of a former cowboy theatre owner in the 1950s coming-of-age drama, "The Last Picture Show", won Johnson the 1971 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and the BAFTA Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 He operated a horse-breeding farm throughout his career.
 Although he said he had succeeded by sticking to what he knew, shrewd real estate investments made Johnson worth an estimated $100 million by his latter years.
Pasupathy (born 18 May 1969) is an Indian film actor.
 He appeared in critically acclaimed roles in many noted films in Tamil cinema, playing supporting, antagonistic, comedic as well as protagonistic roles.
 His performance in "E" (2006) earned him a Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor and a Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 He also won an ITFA Best Supporting Actor Award for his role in "Kuselan" (2008).
 He has also appeared in Malayalam, Telugu, and Kannada films.
Akim Mikhailovich Tamiroff (Armenian: Ակիմ Թամիրով , Russian: Аким Михайлович Тамиров ; birth name` Hovakim, Armenian: Հովակիմ ; 29 October 1899 – 17 September 1972) was an ethnic Armenian actor.
 He won the first Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor, was nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, and appeared in at least 80 American motion pictures in a career spanning thirty-seven years.
The British Independent Film Award for Best Supporting Actor is an annual award given to the Best Supporting Actor in a British film.
 The award was introduced at the 2008 ceremony.
 Previously, there had been a single award given for Best Supporting Actor/Actress starting in 2003.
The Dark at the Top of the Stairs is a 1960 American drama film.
 Academy Award winner Delbert Mann directed the work of Robert Preston and Dorothy McGuire in the production.
 Shirley Knight garnered an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and Lee Kinsolving was nominated for a Golden Globe Award as Best Supporting Actor.
 Knight was also nominated for two Golden Globes.
 Mann's direction was nominated for a Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing in a Feature Film.
 It was based on the Tony Award nominated play of the same name by William Inge.
Salvatore "Robert" Loggia (January 3, 1930 – December 4, 2015) was an American actor and director.
 He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for "Jagged Edge" (1985) and won the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor for "Big" (1988).
The Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor (often referred to as the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor) is an award presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS).
 It is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the film industry.
This is a list of winners of the Academy Award of Merit for Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role, presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry.
 More popularly known as the Academy Award (or the Oscar) for Best Supporting Actor, this award was initially presented at the 9th Academy Awards ceremony for 1936 and was most recently presented at the 88th Academy Awards ceremony for 2015.
 Throughout the past 80 years, accounting for ties and repeat winners, AMPAS has presented a total of 81 Best Supporting Actor awards to 73 different actors.
 This list is current as of the 89th Academy Awards ceremony held on February 26, 2017.
Aaron Paul Sturtevant (born August 27, 1979), known as Aaron Paul, is an American actor.
 He is best known for portraying Jesse Pinkman in the AMC series "Breaking Bad", for which he won several awards, including the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series (2014), the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries, or Television Film (2013), and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series.
 This made him the only actor to win the latter category three times (2010, 2012, 2014), since its separation into drama and comedy.
 He has also won the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor on Television three times (2009, 2011, 2013), more than any other actor in that category.
Eric Marlon Bishop (born December 13, 1967), known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx, is an American actor, singer, songwriter, musician, producer, and comedian.
 He won an Academy Award for Best Actor, BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role, and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy, for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film "Ray".
 The same year, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the crime film "Collateral".
 As of spring 2017, Foxx serves as host and executive producer of the new Fox game show "Beat Shazam".
