Las Vegas Mob Experience was located at the Tropicana on the Las Vegas Strip.
 The Las Vegas Mob Experience was a 27000 sqft interactive tour that chronicled the rise and fall of the Mafia in the Las Vegas Valley, mixing entertainment with history, storytelling, artifacts and technology.
 Visitors take a journeyed through the world of organized crime, interacting with live character actors and 3D holograms of famous mob movie icons and celebrity gangsters such as James Caan, Frank Vincent, Tony Sirico and Mickey Rourke.
Naked City is a neighborhood located in Las Vegas, Nevada north of the Las Vegas Strip The neighborhood is located at the northern end of the Las Vegas Strip, near the intersection of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sahara Avenue.
 Due to the lack of commitment to updating the neighborhood, Naked City went from a modern neighborhood to a run down area full of poverty.
 Naked City has been known to be one of the most dangerous neighborhoods in Las Vegas.
The Cheek to Cheek Tour was a co-headlining tour by American singers Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga in support of their album, "Cheek to Cheek" (2014).
 The tour, which began with a two-night run at The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas, played a total of 36 shows across Europe and North America during the first half of 2015.
 Many of the tour's shows were part of music festivals, such as the Ravinia Festival, the Copenhagen Jazz Festival, the North Sea Jazz Festival, and the Gent Jazz Festival.
 The Cheek to Cheek Tour grossed $15.3 million from 27 shows with a total attendance of 176,267.
Holy Cow!
 Casino and Brewery (formerly Foxy's Firehouse) was a locals casino and microbrewery on South Las Vegas Boulevard, north of the Las Vegas Strip, in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The property began in 1955 as Foxy's Deli, which operated until its closure in 1975.
 A year later, the building was reopened as a casino named Foxy's Firehouse, which later closed in 1988.
 Tom "Big Dog" Wiesner purchased the building and reopened it as the Holy Cow casino in 1992.
 Wiesner added a microbrewery the following year, making the Holy Cow the first brewery to open in Las Vegas.
 Wiesner persuaded the state to change its laws that had prohibited breweries from operating in Las Vegas.
The Las Vegas Strip is a stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard in Clark County, Nevada, known for its concentration of resort hotels and casinos.
 The Strip is approximately 4.2 mi in length, located immediately south of the Las Vegas city limits in the unincorporated towns of Paradise and Winchester.
 However, the Strip is often referred to as being in Las Vegas.
 Most of the Strip has been designated an All-American Road, and is considered a scenic route at night.
The Tropicana – Las Vegas Boulevard intersection on the Las Vegas Strip (Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard), is noteworthy for several reasons.
 It was the first intersection in Las Vegas completely closed to street level pedestrian traffic and its four corners are home to four major resorts: Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Tropicana Las Vegas, New York-New York Hotel and Casino and MGM Grand Las Vegas—the latter has 5,044 rooms and was once the largest hotel in the world.
 The resorts at the four corners have a total of 12,536 hotel rooms as of 2016.
The Angels Advocate Tour was the seventh concert tour by American recording artist Mariah Carey.
 Launched on New Year's Eve 2009, the tour supported her twelfth studio album, "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel".
 The tour played over 20 shows, mainly visiting the United States, eastern Canada and also Egypt, Brazil and Singapore.
 It began December 31, 2009 in New York City, New York and concluded on February 27, 2010 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The tour grossed $9.1 million, selling 88,930 tickets.
Crazy Horse Too is a closed strip club located at 2476 Industrial Road in Las Vegas, Nevada, a few blocks west of the Las Vegas Strip.
 The club was known as Billy Joe's during the 1970s.
 In 1978, the club was purchased by Mob member Tony Albanese and renamed Billy Joe's Crazy Horse Too, after the Crazy Horse Saloon, another Las Vegas strip club owned by Albanese.
 In 1984, Rick Rizzolo took over operations of the club when it was purchased by his father, Bart Rizzolo.
 Rick Rizzolo was a majority owner by 1986.
The Colosseum at Caesars Palace is a theatre located on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The theatre is the main entertainment venue for Caesars Palace.
 Deemed the "Home of the Greatest Entertainers in the World", the theatre hosts numerous residency shows by Celine Dion, Elton John, Rod Stewart, Cher, Bette Midler, Shania Twain, and Mariah Carey.
 Celine Dion has had the longest residency(1,110 shows as of June 2, 2018) at the venue grossing a total of $650 million since her arrival in 2003.
 She also performed her record-breaking 1000th show at the venue on October 8, 2016.
 The venue has an estimated seating capacity of 4,296 and is inspired by the architecture of ancient Rome along with aspects of contemporary architecture.
 The cost of the theatre totaled $108 million, becoming the most expensive entertainment venue in Las Vegas, beating the "O" Theatre at the Bellagio Las Vegas.
Downtown Las Vegas (commonly abbreviated as DTLV) is the central business district and historic center of Las Vegas, Nevada.
 It is the original townsite and was the gambling district of Las Vegas prior to the Strip, and the area still incorporates downtown gaming.
 As the urban core of the Las Vegas Valley, it features a variety of hotel and business highrises, cultural centers, historical buildings and government institutions, as well as residential and retail developments.
 Downtown is located in the center of the Las Vegas Valley and just north of the Las Vegas Strip, centered on Fremont Street, the Fremont Street Experience and Fremont East.
 The city defines the area as bounded by I-15 on the west, Washington Avenue on the north, Maryland Parkway on the east and Sahara Avenue on the south.
