Sackets Harbor and Saratoga Railroad Company is a predecessor railroad to the D&H's Tahawus Branch.
 It was not completed, although sixty miles of it was eventually built (as required by its charter) from Saratoga to North Creek.
 It was chartered in 1848, incorporated 1852 and surveyed in 1853.
 Approximately 20 mi of disconnected grade was built in 1854.
 The railroad was then reorganized as the Lake Ontario & Hudson River Railroad.
 When the charter requirements were completed in 1871, the company was granted ownership of some 800000 acre of Adirondack woodland.
 In 1902, the Board of Railroad Commissioners relieved the railroad (now owned by the D&H) of its obligation to build the railroad beyond North Creek, effectively extinguishing the concept of the SH&S.
The Oregon, Washington and Idaho Railroad built a 72.03 mi rail line along the right (north) bank of the Snake River between Riparia, Washington and Lewiston, Idaho.
 The company was incorporated in Oregon on August 8, 1903, and began operating its completed line on July 7, 1908 as an operating subsidiary of the Union Pacific Railroad (UP), which also controlled the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company (OR&N) through Riparia.
 A portion of the preliminary work had been done by the Snake River Valley Railroad, which built a completed line along the Snake River below Riparia.
 Beginning on December 3, 1909, the Camas Prairie Railroad, a joint subsidiary of the OR&N and Northern Pacific Railway (NP), began operating the Oregon, Washington and Idaho Railroad (OW&I) as part of a line between Riparia and Grangeville, Idaho, including segments owned by the NP and subdidiary Clearwater Short Line Railway.
 On December 23, 1910, the property of the OW&I was conveyed to new UP subsidiary Oregon–Washington Railroad and Navigation Company, successor to the OR&N, but the Camas Prairie Railroad continued to operate it as agent.
The Union Pacific Challengers were a type of simple articulated 4-6-6-4 steam locomotive built by American Locomotive Company for the Union Pacific Railroad.
 105 of these locomotives were built between 1936 and 1943.
 The Challengers were nearly 122 ft long and weighed 314 tons (284,800 kg).
 They operated over most of the Union Pacific system, primarily in freight service, but a few were assigned to passenger trains operating through mountain territory to California and Oregon.
 The locomotives were built specifically for Union Pacific and much of the experience gained later went into the design of the "Big Boy".
The history of rail transportation in Colorado began with the competition between two separate railways in the late 1860s the Denver Pacific Railroad and the Colorado Central and Pacific Railroad.
 Following the decision of the Union Pacific Railroad to route the transcontinental railroad through Cheyenne, Wyoming instead of Denver, the first town in the Front Range area to construct a connecting line to the Union Pacific Railroad would more naturally become the economic focus of the Colorado territory.
 The Colorado Central and Pacific Railway was incorporated in 1865 by residents of Golden, however this railway was unable to immediately begin constructing a connecting line to Cheyenne.
 The existence of the Colorado Central and Pacific Railroad prompted the citizens of Denver to incorporate the Denver Pacific Railroad on November 19, 1867.
 Following a spirited campaign raising capital, the Denver Pacific Railroad laid its first track in 1869.
 By June 26, 1870, the Denver Pacific Railroad was completed.
The Butte County Railroad was a 31.5 mi class II railroad that ran from a connection with the Southern Pacific Railroad at Chico, California to the Diamond Match Company lumber mill at Stirling City.
 The railroad operated from 1903-1915 and then became the Southern Pacific's Stirling City Branch.
 From 1915 until abandonment in the 1970s the line was operated as the Southern Pacific's Stirling City Branch.
 The Chico and Northern Railroad was a non-operating subsidiary holding company of the Southern Pacific Railroad that was created to acquire a 32.31 mile line from Chico - Stirling City from the Butte County Railroad.
 Upon acquiring the line, Chico & Northern immediately leased the line back to the Butte County Railroad.
 The Chico & Northern was dissolved into Southern Pacific in 1912 and never operated any of the line.
The Memphis and Charleston Railroad, completed in 1857, was the first railroad in the United States to link the Atlantic Ocean with the Mississippi River.
 Chartered in 1846, the 311 mi gauge railroad ran from Memphis, Tennessee to Stevenson, Alabama through the towns of Corinth, Mississippi and Huntsville, Alabama.
 The portion between Memphis and LaGrange, Tennessee was originally to be part of the LaGrange and Memphis Railroad, chartered in 1838.
 From Stevenson, the road was connected to Chattanooga, Tennessee via the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.
 In Alabama, the railroad followed the route of the Tuscumbia, Courtland and Decatur Railroad between Tuscumbia and Decatur, the first railroad to be built west of the Appalachian Mountains.
In 1906 the Collins and Reidsville Railroad, the Reidsville and Southeastern Railroad and the Darien and Western Railroad merged to form the Georgia Coast and Piedmont Railroad.
 The railroad operated mainly on a line between Collins and Darien, Georgia, USA, extending to Brunswick in 1914.
 In 1915, the railroad went bankrupt and in 1919 a portion of the railroad was sold to become the Collins and Glennville Railroad.
The Rosalia Railroad Bridge was built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as the Milwaukee Road) in 1915 to replace an earlier timber trestle.
 The bridge was designed as a concrete arch, unusual for a railroad bridge, because it crosses the Northern Pacific Railroad tracks (a rival railroad), a state highway, and is visible from Steptoe Battlefield State Park.
 The railroad wanted an impressive-looking bridge.
 The viaduct consists of two spans, separated by an embankment.
 East of the 334 ft embankment there is a 114 ft span crossing over the Northern Pacific tracks.
 To the west is a 502 ft span that crosses Pine Creek, railroad tracks, and the highway.
The Mexican Central Railway ("Ferrocarril Central Mexicano") was one of the primary pre-nationalization railways of Mexico.
 Incorporated in Massachusetts in 1880, it opened the main line in March 1884, linking Mexico City to Ciudad Juárez, across the Rio Grande from El Paso and connections to the Southern Pacific Railroad, Texas and Pacific Railway, and Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.
 Other major branches included Irapuato to Guadalajara (completed in 1888), Chicalote to Tampico (completed in 1890), and Guadalajara to Manzanillo (completed in 1908).
 The Mexican Central acquired control in June 1901 of the Monterey and Mexican Gulf Railroad, which connected the Mexican International Railroad at Reata (near Monterrey) to Tampico, and connected its main line with this line at the Monterrey end through a branch from Gómez Palacio.
 The Mexico, Cuernavaca and Pacific Railroad, owner of an unfinished line from Mexico City to Acapulco (completed to Rio Balsas), joined the system in November 1902, and in 1905 the Mexican Central bought the Coahuila and Pacific Railway (Torreón to Saltillo), which paralleled the branch from Gómez Palacio to Monterrey and was to be operated jointly with the National Railroad of Mexico.
In Whyte notation, a 4-6-6-4 is a railroad steam locomotive that has four leading wheels followed by six coupled driving wheels, a second set of six driving wheels and four trailing wheels. 4-6-6-4's are commonly known as Challengers.
 Challengers were most common in the Union Pacific Railroad and the Clinchfield Railroad.
