An epistolary novel is a novel written as a series of documents.
 The usual form is letters, although diary entries, newspaper clippings and other documents are sometimes used.
 Recently, electronic "documents" such as recordings and radio, blogs, and e-mails have also come into use.
 The word "epistolary" is derived from Latin from the Greek word ἐπιστολή "epistolē", meaning a letter (see epistle).
Alice Crimmins is an American woman who was charged with killing her two children, 5 year old Eddie and 4 year old Alice Marie, known as Missy, who went missing on July 14, 1965.
 Alice Marie's body was found that day, and Eddie Jr.'s was found five days later.
Warrior Marks: Female Genital Mutilation and the Sexual Blinding of Women is a 1993 book by Alice Walker with Pratibha Parmar, who made an award-winning documentary of the same name.
 Following on from her 1992 novel "Possessing the Secret of Joy", Walker undertakes a journey to parts of Africa where clitoridectomy is still practised.
 "Warrior Marks" is a harrowing work as Walker interviews women who have had the operation done and finally interviews a woman—circumcised herself—who performs the operation.
Alice Walker: Beauty in Truth is a documentary film directed by Pratibha Parmar, made by Kali Films production company.
 The film follows the life of the Pulitzer Prize-winning author, poet and activist Alice Walker.
 Shooting began in May 2011.
 It was aired on the BBC on Monday July 8, 2013, and on PBS on February 7, 2014.
Tobe Levin Freifrau von Gleichen (*Feb 16, 1948), a multi-lingual scholar, translator, editor and activist, is an Associate of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard University; a Visiting Research Fellow at the International Gender Studies Centre, Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford; an activist against female genital mutilation (FGM) and professor of English Emerita at the University of Maryland, University College.
 Having received her PhD in 1979 from Cornell University, she is most known for combining her advocacy against FGM with her academic scholarship in comparative literature.
 She has published peer-reviewed and popular articles and book chapters, edited four books, launched UnCUT/VOICES Press in 2009 and founded "Feminist Europa Review of Books" (1998-2010).
 Her most notable works to date are "Empathy and Rage.
 Female Genital Mutilation in African Literature" and " Waging Empathy.
 Alice Walker, Possessing the Secret of Joy, and the Global Movement to Ban FGM."
 Alice Walker expressed appreciation for the text that shows worldwide solidarity with the novelist's literary abolition efforts in the early nineties.
 Levin has also teamed up with Maria Kiminta and photographer Britta Radike to publish a memoir and sourcebook, "Kiminta.
 A Maasai's Fight against Female Genital Mutilation."
Scott Sanders (born 1957) is an American television producer, film producer and theatrical producer.
 He is best known for the theatrical musical version of Alice Walker’s novel "The Color Purple", of which he was Lead Producer along with Oprah Winfrey, Quincy Jones, and Harvey Weinstein, for producing "Elaine Stritch: at Liberty" and the 2012 revival of the musical "Evita", and for his work on numerous musical and theatrical productions.
Connie Walker (b. 1957) is an American astronomer and senior employee of the National Optical Astronomy Observatory (NOAO).
 She works in the NOAO's Research Based Science Education department, helping teachers develop curricula to help children learn about Astronomy.
 She is the director of both GLOBE at Night and Project Astro, and is a member of the board of directors of the International Dark Sky Association and the Astronomical Society of the Pacific.
 She was also chair of the International Year of Astronomy Dark Skies Awareness project, and continues to chair the dark skies awareness programs of Global Astronomy Month.
 Walker also serves on commission 50 of the International Astronomical Union.
Diamond White (born January 1, 1999) is an American singer, actress and voice actress who, in 2007 at the age of 8, starred in a Chicago-based production of "The Color Purple" that also toured nationally.
 She voices Frankie Greene in "," Fuli on the Disney Junior series "The Lion Guard," and has had cameo appearances on "The Haunted Hathaways" and "Sofia the First" and a recurring role on "Phineas and Ferb."
 In 2012, she was a contestant on the second season of the American version of "The X Factor," finishing in fifth place.
Blanche Cornwall (born April 24, 1868 in New York City, New York), was an American silent film and stage actress.
 She was particularly active between 1911 and 1914 as one of the leading stars in Solax Studios films directed by Alice Guy-Blaché.
 Before 1911, she was part of The Shubert Organization and made a success playing in theatrical adaptations of "Charlotte Temple" and "David Copperfield".
 But already in 1918, in a letter to the editor of the "Motion Picture Magazine", a fan evoked Blanche Cornwall as a delightful "reminiscence" and a forgotten "old star."
The Color Purple is a 1982 epistolary novel by American author Alice Walker that won the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Award for Fiction.
 It was later adapted into a film and musical of the same name.
