The Old Bazaar (Albanian: "Pazari i vjetër" ; Serbian: Стари базар / "Stari bazar" ) in Gjakova is the oldest bazaar in Kosovo (also known as "Çarshia e Madhe" (Grand Bazaar) or "Dakovica".
 Mëhalla e Hadumit, the historical neighborhood where it is located also houses the city's oldest mosque, the Hadum Mosque ("), which dates from the 15th century.
Ramaipur is a small village in district of Sant Ravidas Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, India.
 The village is located on the link road which connects Chauri Bazar at Varanasi-Bhadohi road to Maharazganj Bazar on Varanasi-Allahabad road.
 The nearest railway station is Parasipur railway station on the line connecting Lucknow to Varanasi via Bhadohi.
 The Parasipur railway station is 7 km from the village.
 The village market is spread adjacent to the pitch road.
 The bazaar has at least 10 grocery shops, three primary schools, four barber shops at least half a dozen sweet shops and dozen chai and pan shops.
 The weekly sabzi bazar is conducted on Thursday.
 The market provides daily use items to nearby villages too.
 there are more than twenty self-appointed medical practitioners, none qualified academically.
 However, these jhola chap doctors offer primary health services to many people around Ramaipur.
 http://www.onefivenine.com/india/villages/Sant-Ravidas-Nagar/
Nimavar school (Persian: مسجد نیماور‎ ‎ ) is a historical school in Isfahan, Iran.
 It's located in Nimavar Bazaar and belongs to Safavid era.
 This school was built in 1691 in the era of Suleiman I.
Bazaar of Peć (Albanian: "Çarshia e Pejës" ; Serbian: Базар у Пећи / "Bazar u Peći" ) or Peć market is a market place in the center of the city of Peć, in Kosovo .
 It was established during Ottoman rule and is located near the Pećka Bistrica river, between parallel residence zones.
 The market historically housed blacksmiths and carpenters but also facilitated the agricultural market.
 The market place was completely destroyed at least twice, once during the Italian occupation in 1943, and once during the Kosovo War (1998–99).
 The market was fully rebuilt after the Kosovo War, according to the historical Ottoman architecture, and serves as the main market in the city of Peć, and is one of the many monuments which are under protection by the Republic of Kosovo.
 The main street of the market is known in Albanian as Çarshia e Gjatë (English: Long Bazaar ).
Begum Bazar is the biggest commercial market in Hyderabad, India.
 It was established during the Qutb Shahi rule.
 Begum Bazar is located half a kilometer from the Naya Pul bridge in the Old City.
 It is an age old retail and wholesale market for household commodities.
 Of late, several brassware merchants and the person have set up shop of copper brassware also the first shop in the Begum Bazar was [HAJI SYED YAQOOB TAWAKALI] also known by name [HAJI SAAB].
 many of british rulers,nizam's family,royal family visited his shop to purchase antique items.he was also a big trader,many foreigners visited to hyderabad by his introduction to trading market begum bazaar.
 He was known for his work and good character and honestperson.He help so many people.
 House old commodities of all sizes, shapes and brands at the best prizes are available.
 The only hitch at the bazar is the congestion and lack of hygiene.
 Deals worth crores of are struck daily.
 It is also famous for spices and market near by 'Historic Monument' Charminar.
Meena Bazar is a bazaar located in Karimabad area of Gulberg Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
 It is a woman-centered shopping street with ladies wear, fashion shops for ladies, restaurants and with a few men's wear shops.
 It also has many mehndi or henna shops for dyeing ladies' hands for special occasions like wedding events and 'Eid'.
 Meena Bazaar is also popular among tourists looking for locations of cultural interest in Karachi.
The Bazaar of Pristina (Albanian: "Çarshia e Prishtinës" ; Serbian: Базар у Приштини / "Bazar u Prištini" ), Kosovo , was the core merchandising center of the Old Pristina since the 15th century, when it was built.
 It played a significant role in the physical, economic, and social development of Pristina.
 The Old Bazaar was destroyed during the 1950s and 1960s, following the modernization slogan of "Destroy the old, build the new".
 In its place, buildings of Kosovo Assembly, Municipality of Prishtina, PTT, and Brotherhood and Unity socialist square were built.
 Nowadays, instead of PTT building resides the Government of Kosovo building.
 Only few historical buildings, such as the Bazaar Mosque and ruins of the Bazaar Hammam have remained from the Bazaar complex.
 Since then, Pristina has lost part of its identity, and its cultural heritage has been scattered.
The Grand Bazaar (in Persian: Bazar Bozorg, بازار بزرگ) is a historical market located in Isfahan, Iran, also known as "Qeysarriyeh Bazaar" (in Persian: بازار قيصريه).
Dava Bazaar (also spelled Dawa Bazaar and Dava Bazar) is an area in South Mumbai famous for medical and scientific instruments, and lab chemicals.
 It is located near Lohar Chawl, Crawford Market and opens into Princess Street.
 "Dava" in Hindi means medici.
Dhusha is a village Development Committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.
 At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6350.
 The Dhusha VDC office is located at Charaundi Bazar, which is one of the Commencing place of the White Water Rafting in Trishuli River which started longway back.
 The bazar is also the main business area for the whole VDC which is located along the Prithvi Highway.
 Like the general geographical status of the whole country, Dhusha rises from low altitude to medium - high altitude region.
 Charaundi Khola (Charaundi Stream), flows very close to the bazar.
