Nathalie Younglai is a Canadian writer, director, producer, and harpist.
 She is the founder of Toronto's Writers of Colour in TV & Film group.
 She was the writing mentor for the Reel Asian Film Festival's Unsung Voices summer workshop for youth and speaker at Reel Asian's 2012 industry series.
Empress Orchid (2004) is a novel by Anchee Min which was first published in Great Britain in 2004.
 It is written in first person and is a sympathetic account of the life of Empress Dowager Cixi - from her humble beginnings to her rise as the Empress Dowager.
Katherine (ISBN  ) is the first novel by Anchee Min.
 It was published by Riverside Books in 1995.
Lucette Finas (born July 13, 1921) is a French author and essayist, part of the structuralist movement.
 She has published several articles relating interviews with French scholars and philosophers in the 1970s, like writers Nathalie Sarraute, philosopher and historian Michel Foucault or philosopher Jacques Derrida.
Becoming Madame Mao is a historical novel by Anchee Min detailing the life of Jiang Qing.
 She became Madame Mao after her marriage to Mao Zedong.
 In this story Min tries to cast a sympathetic light on one of the most controversial political figures in the People's Republic of China.
Anchee Min or Min Anqi (; born January 14, 1957 in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese-American author who lives in San Francisco and Shanghai.
 Min has published two memoirs, "Red Azalea" and "", and six historical novels.
 Her fiction emphasizes strong female characters, such as Jiang Qing, the wife of chairman Mao Zedong, and Empress Dowager Cixi, the last ruling empress of China.
Alain Robbe-Grillet (] ; 18 August 1922 – 18 February 2008) was a French writer and filmmaker.
 He was one of the figures most associated with the "Nouveau Roman" (new novel) trend of the 1960s, along with Nathalie Sarraute, Michel Butor and Claude Simon.
 Alain Robbe-Grillet was elected a member of the Académie française on 25 March 2004, succeeding Maurice Rheims at seat No. 32.
 He was married to Catherine Robbe-Grillet (née Rstakian).
Nathalie Sarraute (] ; July 18, 1900 – October 19, 1999) was a French lawyer and writer.
The Last Empress is a historical novel by Anchee Min that provides a sympathetic account of the life of Empress Dowager Cixi (referred to as Empress Orchid), from her rise to power as Empress Tzu-Hsi, until her death at 72 years of age.
 Akin to the bestselling and preceding novel in the series Empress Orchid, names within the story are different in spelling but retain the same pronunciation - allowing the reader to identify each relevant character to his or her real life counterpart.
Red Azalea is a memoir of Chinese American writer Anchee Min (b. 1957).
 It was written during the first eight years she spent in the United States, from 1984 to 1992, and tells the story of her personal experience during the Cultural Revolution.
