Metaphorical code-switching refers to the tendency in a bilingual or multilingual community to switch codes (language or language variety) in conversation in order to discuss a topic that would normally fall into another conversational domain.
 "An important distinction is made from situational switching, where alternation between varieties redefines a situation, being a change in governing norms, and metaphorical switching, where alternation enriches a situation, allowing for allusion to more than one social relationship within the situation."
 For example, at a family dinner, where you would expect to hear a more colloquial, less prestigious variety of language (called "L variety" in studies of diglossia), family members might switch to a highly prestigious form (H variety) in order to discuss school or work.
 At work (where you would expect high prestige language) interlocutors may switch to a low prestige variety when discussing family.
The Mystery of the Aztec Warrior is volume 43 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.
Soledad High School is a public secondary school located in Soledad, California, United States.
 It was opened in 1999 and is the largest high school in the South Monterey County,serving grades 9 through 12.
 In 2013, the school had approximately 1,401 students.
 Soledad High School's mascot is the Aztec Warrior.
 The school is being run by its seventh principal in 15 years.
Aztec Challenge refers to either of two early arcade-style computer games published by COSMI, as well as two subsequent remakes.
 In all game versions the player takes control of a running Aztec warrior.
 The first was a side-scrolling platform-jumping game created by Robert Tegel Bonifacio and released in 1982 for the Atari 8-bit family.
 Subsequently a different game with the same title and overall theme was created by Paul Norman and released for the Commodore 64.
 It included a level in a modified-first-person 3D-style.
Eagle warriors or eagle knights (Classical Nahuatl: "cuāuhtli" ] (singular) or "cuāuhmeh" ] (plural)) were a special class of infantry soldier in the Aztec army, one of the two leading military special forces orders in Aztec society.
 They were a type of Aztec warrior called a "cuāuhocēlōtl" ] .
 The word "cuāuhocēlōtl" derives from the eagle warrior "cuāuhtli" and the jaguar warrior "ocēlōtl" ] .
 These military orders were made up of the bravest soldiers of noble birth and those who had taken the greatest number of prisoners in battle.
 Of all of the Aztec warriors, they were the most feared.
 Eagle warriors, along with the jaguar warriors, were the only such classes which did not restrict access solely to the nobility, as commoners or, in Nahuatl, ""mācēhualli"" ] were occasionally admitted for special merit.
 The eagles were soldiers of the Sun, for the eagle was the symbol of the Sun.
 Eagle warriors dressed like eagles, adorning themselves with eagle feathers, and wearing headgear with an eagle head on it .
Aztaka is a PC 2D side-scrolling action role-playing video game for Microsoft Windows and OS X developed by independent game developer Citérémis.
 The game is set in the Aztec period, with characters and story being re-interpretations of Aztec mythology and pre-Hispanic Mexican culture.
 It puts the player in the role of an Aztec warrior named "Huitzilo" who must gather seven phonographs to save his civilization from its angry gods.
Aztec Warrior is an upcoming American action comedy film directed by Scott Sanders and written by Diego O'Brien from a story by himself and Javier Chapa, starring Nadine Velazquez, Terry Crews, Luis Da Silva, Luis Guzmán, Elena Sanchez and Eugenio Derbez.
Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy (also known as Mil Mascaras: Resurrection) is a 2007 Mexican-American lucha libre film starring the legendary Mexican wrestler and cult film star Mil Máscaras.
 It has the distinction of being the first lucha film starring any of the "Big 3" (Santo, Blue Demon, Mil Máscaras) to be produced in English.
 It was a tribute to the 1960s Mexican horror and lucha libre films and was the first of a trilogy of Mil Mascaras films that includes Academy of Doom (2008) and Aztec Revenge (2015).
Jaguar warriors or jaguar knights, "ocēlōtl" ] (singular) or "ocēlōmeh" ] (plural) were members of the Aztec military Special Forces.
 They were a type of Aztec warrior called a "cuāuhocēlōtl" ] .
 The word "cuāuhocēlōtl" derives from the eagle warrior "cuāuhtli" ] and the Jaguar Warrior "ocēlōtl" .
 They were an elite military unit similar to the eagle warriors.
The Warrior is a 2001 film by British filmmaker Asif Kapadia.
 It stars Irrfan Khan as Lafcadia, a warrior in feudal Rajasthan who attempts to give up the sword.
 The film is in Hindi and was filmed in Rajasthan, India.
