Kanako Nishi (西加南子 , Nishi Kanako , born 13 December 1970, in Kakegawa, Shizuoka, Japan) is a Japanese women's racing cyclist who currently rides for Luminaria.
 She won the Japanese National Road Race Championships for women in 2009, the first to win the national title after Miho Oki's eleven straight victories.
Mark Hollis is the athletic director at Michigan State University.
 He succeeded Ron Mason as athletic director on January 1, 2008.
Laughing Stock is the fifth and final studio album by British post-rock band Talk Talk.
 Following on from their previous release "Spirit of Eden" (1988), and the departure of bassist Paul Webb, which reduced the band to the duo of Mark Hollis and Lee Harris, Talk Talk acrimoniously left EMI and signed to the jazz-based Verve Records, and recorded "Laughing Stock" at Wessex Sound Studios, London, with producer Tim Friese-Greene and engineer Phill Brown from September 1990 to April 1991.
Mark Weprin (born June 5, 1961) represented District 23 in the New York City Council, the most ethnically diverse district in New York City, which contains the Queens neighborhoods of Hollis Hills, Queens Village, Little Neck, Doulgaston, Bayside, Bellerose, Floral Park, Glen Oaks, New Hyde Park, Hollis, Hollis Park Gardens, Holliswood, Fresh Meadows, and Oakland Gardens.
Kanako Momota (百田 夏菜子 , Momota Kanako , born July 12, 1994) is a Japanese idol singer.
 She is best known as the leader of the female idol group Momoiro Clover Z.
 Momota was ranked 12th most popular Japanese idol of 2013 by "Nihon Keizai Shimbun".
 She is represented by Stardust Promotion talent agency.
Missing Pieces is a 2001 compilation album by Talk Talk.
 The first six tracks are the A- and B-Sides of the three CD singles released in 1991 for their final album "Laughing Stock".
 Four of these are versions of album tracks, with the addition of the otherwise uncollected B-Sides "Stump" and "5:09".
 The final track, "Piano", was recorded pseudonymously by Mark Hollis (as "John Cope", the title of the B-Side of their 1988 single "I Believe In You" from the album "Spirit of Eden") for the 1998 album "AV 1" by Allinson / Brown, which was produced by former Talk Talk producer Phill Brown.
 According to Hollis, it was designed to cycle indefinitely for a Dave Allinson/Phill Brown art exhibition and is presented twice in a row on the CD.
 "Missing Pieces" was released in 2001 to a generally mixed to positive reception.
 It is now out of print.
Mark Hollis is the only solo album by the former Talk Talk frontman Mark Hollis.
 It was released on Polydor Records on 26 January 1998, then reissued on Pond Life on 13 March 2000.
 In 2003, the album was released in LP format on Universal Records.
 Its sound is noted for being extremely sparse and minimal; Allmusic called it "quite possibly the most quiet and intimate record ever made".
 Hollis found inspiration not in the popular music of the day, but rather in 20th-century classical music and jazz from the late fifties and sixties.
 The album did not mark a return for Hollis to the music industry or live performance: he stated at the time of the album's release that "There won't be any gig, not even at home in the living room.
 This material isn't suited to play live."
"Such a Shame" is a song written by Mark Hollis for the English band Talk Talk's second album "It's My Life" (1984).
"It's My Life" is a song by the English new wave band Talk Talk.
 Written by Mark Hollis and Tim Friese-Greene, it was the title track on the band's second album and released as its first single in January 1984.
 It reached #46 in the UK charts, but did better in several other countries, reaching #33 in Germany, #32 in New Zealand, #25 in France and #7 in Italy.
 It was also a success in North America, entering the Top 40 in both the United States (#31) and Canada (#30).
 (Notably, it peaked at #1 on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart.)
"Do Anything You Wanna Do" is a song written by Eddie and the Hot Rods' manager Ed Hollis (the brother of Talk Talk's Mark Hollis) and guitarist Graeme Douglas and recorded by the band, although the actual record label credited The Rods as the artist.
 It reached #9 on the UK Singles Chart in 1977.
 The song was featured on their 1977 album, "Life on the Line".
