The Third Hawke Ministry was the fifty-seventh Australian Commonwealth ministry.
 It was headed by Prime Minister Bob Hawke with Deputy Prime Minister Lionel Bowen.
 Prime Minister Bob Hawke took in-charge of the office from 24 July 1987 for the third time.
 And he was holding office till 4 April 1990 to be the third longest serving Prime Minister of Australia .
Israeli Prime Minister's Office (Hebrew: משרד ראש הממשלה‎ ‎ ) is the governmental ministration office with the responsibility of coordinating the actions of the work of all governmental ministry offices, on various matters, and serving and assisting the Israeli Prime Minister in his daily work.
 Among other things, it is responsible for formulating the Israeli cabinet's policy, conducting its cabinet meetings, as well as responsible for the foreign diplomatic relations with countries around the world, and supervising and overseeing the implementation of the Cabinet's policy.
 In addition, it is in charge of other governmental bodies, which are directly under the Prime Minister responsibilities.
 Unlike many other countries, the Office of the Prime Minister of Israel does not serve as his residence place as well, and in addition to his daily work office, he resides elsewhere, at the official residence of the prime minister in Beit Aghion.
The Prime Minister's Department (Malay: "Jabatan Perdana Menteri" , abbreviated JPM) is a federal government ministry in Malaysia.
 Its objective is "determining the services of all divisions are implemented according to policy, legislation / regulations and current guidelines".
 It is headed by the Prime Minister of Malaysia followed by other Minister in the Prime Minister's Department.
 The Department consists of the Prime Minister's Office, the Deputy Prime Minister's Office and more than 50 other government agencies and entities.
 The Prime Minister's Department was established in July 1957.
 Its headquarters are in Perdana Putra, Putrajaya.
The Prime Minister's Official Spokesperson or alternatively Prime Minister's Official Spokesman/Spokeswoman is a position in the United Kingdom's Civil Service, located in the Prime Minister's Office in 10 Downing Street and used by the British Prime Minister to convey information to the public.
 The Prime Minister's Official Spokesperson usually addresses a small group of press and media correspondents, known as lobby correspondents, each morning to deliver statements on current events on behalf of the Prime Minister.
The Telavi Ministry was the 13th ministry of the Government of Tuvalu, led by Prime Minister Willy Telavi.
 It succeeded the Second Toafa Ministry upon its swearing in by Governor-General Iakoba Italeli on 24 December 2010 after a vote of no confidence in former Prime Minister Maatia Toafa.
 Following Telavi's removal as prime minister, his ministry was subsequently brought down by the opposition's vote of no confidence and was succeeded by the Sopoaga Ministry, led by Enele Sopoaga, on 5 August 2013.
The Prime Minister's Office of Bangladesh (Bengali: প্রধানমন্ত্রীর কার্যালয় — "Pradhān-mantrīr Kārjāloẏ" ) is the governmental ministration office with the responsibility of coordinating the actions of the work of all governmental ministry offices, on various matters, and serving and assisting the prime minister of Bangladesh in his daily work.
 It is located at Tejgaon in Dhaka city.
 Unlike many other countries, the Office of the Prime Minister of Bangladesh does not serve as his residence place as well, and in addition to his daily work office, he resides elsewhere, at the official residence of the prime minister called Gonobhaban in Sher-e-Bangla Nagor, Dhaka.
The Swedish constitution of 1974 allows the Prime Minister of Sweden to appoint one of the Ministers in the cabinet as Deputy Prime Minister ("biträdande statsminister", also unofficially known as "vice statsminister", "Vice Prime Minister"), in case the Prime Minister for some reason is prevented from performing his or her duties.
 However, if a Deputy Prime Minister has not been appointed, the Minister in the cabinet who has served the longest time (and if there are several with equal experience the one who is oldest) takes over as head of government.
 Note that the person acting as Prime Minister does not do so on a permanent basis: if a Prime Minister dies, resigns or loses a vote of confidence in the Riksdag, the Speaker of the Riksdag will then confer with the parties of the Riksdag and propose a new Prime Minister, who must be tolerated by a majority of the Riksdag.
 If the Prime Minister has resigned or lost a vote of confidence, he or she will remain the head of a government "ad interim" until the new Prime Minister assumes his or her office.
 The only case where the governmental line of succession becomes relevant is when the Prime Minister dies (upon which the person next in the line of succession serves as the head of a government "ad interim") or when the Prime Minister is on leave or for any other reason incapable of serving, but still remains in office.
 This might be compared to the Presidential line of succession in the United States, where the person next in line assumes the Presidency throughout the remainder of the term if the President dies, resigns or is impeached.
Duale Adan Mohamed (Somali: "Ducale Aadan Maxamed" , Arabic: دوالي عدن محمد‎ ‎ ) is a Somali politician.
 He served as the Minister of Culture and Higher Education of Somalia under Prime Minister Abdiweli Sheikh Ahmed.
 Duale Adan Mohamed succeeded Maryam Qaasim when her post as Minister for Human Development and Public Services ended on 17 January 2014.
 The Ministry was split to allow the creation of 6 cabinet positions one of which was the Ministry of Culture and Higher Education.
 The other 5 cabinet positions are Ministry of Health, Ministry of Youth and Sports, Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, Ministry of Women and Human Rights, Ministry of Education.
 On 12 January 2015, Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke announced his new cabinet which merged the Ministry of Culture and Higher Education with the Ministry of Education.
 Instead this meant that the new Minister of Education (Abdullahi Ahmed Jama) would take on some additional roles.
 Duale Adan Mohamed was instead appointed the Minister of Youth and Sports.
 However, he only served 2 weeks when on 17 January 2015, Prime Minister Sharmarke dissolved his newly nominated cabinet due to vehement opposition by legislators, who rejected the reappointment of certain former ministers.
 On 27 January 2015, Sharmarke appointed a new, smaller 20 minister cabinet of which Duale Adan Mohamed was replaced by Mohamed Omar Arte.
The Home Office under Theresa May refers to the period during which British Prime Minister Theresa May served as Home Secretary.
 As a member of David Cameron's first government May was appointed as Home Secretary on 12 May 2010, shortly after Cameron became prime minister, and continued in the post as part of the second Cameron ministry following the 2015 general election.
 She held the post until she succeeded Cameron as prime minister on 13 July 2016.
‘Abd Allāh ibn ‘Abd ar-Raḥman Sirāj (Arabic: عبد الله بن عبد الرحمن سراج‎ ‎ ) was an Arab politician and Islamic scholar who held various posts in the Kingdom of Hejaz and later the Emirate of Transjordan, including the office of Prime Minister of both countries.
 Born in Mecca, he graduated from Madrasah as-Sawlatiyah and later al-Azhar University in Cairo.
 In 1907 he was appointed Mufti of the Hanafis in Mecca by Sharif Ali Abd Allah.
 He was elected to represent Mecca in the Ottoman parliament in 1908, though he resigned before he ever served.
 After Sharif Husayn declared independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1916, he appointed Siraj as Chief Justice and Deputy Prime Minister of the Hejaz government.
 Siraj served as acting Prime Minister in lieu of Emir Ali until 1918.
 After Husayn abdicated the throne in 1924, Siraj held the office of Prime Minister during most of Ali's short reign, which ended with the Kingdom's surrender to the Saudi Sultanate of Nejd in 1925.
 He then migrated to the Jordan, where under Emir Abd Allah he served as Prime Minister from 1931 to 1933 while simultaneously holding the portfolios of Finance and the Interior Ministry, as well as the office of Chief Justice.
