In show business, a guest appearance is the participation of an outsider performer (such as a musician or actor) in an event such as a music record or concert, show, etc., when the performer does not belong to the regular cast, band or other performing group.
 In music, such an outside performer is often referred to as a guest artist.
 In performance art, the terms guest role or guest star are also common, the latter term specifically indicating the guest appearance of a celebrity.
 The latter is often also credited as "special guest star" or "special musical guest star" by some production companies.
Hndrxx (stylized as HNDRXX and pronounced "Hendrix") is the sixth studio album by American rapper Future.
 It was released on February 24, 2017, by A1 Recordings, Freebandz and Epic Records.
 It followed the release of Future's fifth eponymously titled album, "Future" (2017), by one week, and features guest appearances from Rihanna, The Weeknd, Chris Brown and Nicki Minaj.
 "Hndrxx" is also eponymously named after Future's alter-ego, Future Hendrix.
"Comin Out Strong" is a song by American rapper Future, featuring Canadian singer The Weeknd, from his sixth studio album "Hndrxx" (2017).
 The song was written by Nayvadius Wilburn, Kevin Vincent, Noel Fisher, Henry Walter, Abel Tesfaye and Ahmad Balshe.
 It was produced by High Klassified and Cirkut.
 It's the fourth overall collaboration between the two artists.
A Painter Passing Through is the nineteenth original album by Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot, released in 1998 on Reprise Records.
 It was his first album of original music in five years after "Waiting for You", which had been his first since 1986's "East of Midnight".
 Well-known record producer Daniel Lanois makes a guest appearance on the album.
 "A Painter Passing Through" is a live studio album.
"One of Those Nights" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Juicy J.
 It was released on March 11, 2013, intended as the third official single from his third solo studio album "Stay Trippy" but it was subsequently removed from the final track list (appearing in the later released deluxe edition).
 The song features a guest appearance from Canadian singer The Weeknd, who co-produced it with Danny Boy Styles.
"Beast" is a song recorded by Canadian singer Mia Martina for her self-titled second album (2014).
 It was released on April 7, 2015, by CP Records and Universal Music Group, as the fifth single from the album.
 The song features a guest appearance from American rapper Waka Flocka Flame.
 Martina and Waka Flocka wrote the track with Breyan Isaac, who also produced it.
Kiss Land is the debut studio album by Canadian singer The Weeknd.
 It was released on September 10, 2013, by XO and Republic Records.
 The album was supported by six singles: "Kiss Land", "Belong to the World", "Love in the Sky", "Live For", "Pretty" and "Wanderlust".
 The album's sole guest appearance comes from frequent collaborator Drake.
 The album's production was primarily handled by DannyBoyStyles, The Weeknd himself and Jason "DaHeala" Quenneville, among others.
Nav (stylized as NAV) is the eponymous debut commercial mixtape by Canadian hip hop recording artist Nav.
 It was released on February 24, 2017.
 The mixtape features a guest appearance from Canadian singer and label-mate The Weeknd.
 Nav handled most of the production himself, with some tracks featuring co-production from other record producers such as Metro Boomin, Rex Kudo, and DannyBoyStyles.
Amy Berg grew up in Castro Valley, California, USA.
 She is an American TV writer and showrunner, known best for her work on "Counterpart", "Da Vinci's Demons", "Person of Interest", "Eureka", "Leverage", and "The 4400".
 Her other television credits include "Boomtown" and "Threshold".
 She was also a featured performer at w00tstock 3.0 during San Diego Comic Con in 2011.
 In September 2011, she made a guest appearance as herself in an episode of "Eureka" guest star Felicia Day's web series "The Guild".
 Similarly, in May 2013 she made a guest appearance as herself in an episode of "Eureka" and "Leverage" guest star Wil Wheaton's web series "TableTop".
"Or Nah" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Ty Dolla $ign.
 The song was released on January 7, 2014, as the second single from his debut EP, "Beach House EP" (2014).
 "Or Nah" was produced by DJ Mustard and Mike Free and features a guest appearance from American rapper Wiz Khalifa.
 The song has since peaked at number 48 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 The official remix features Canadian singer The Weeknd.
 On April 29, 2014, it officially impacted rhythmic contemporary radio in the United States.
 The song samples the signature "bed squeaking" from the 2004 hit single "Some Cut".
