Can Masdeu (] ) is a squatted social centre, residence and community garden in the Collserola Park on the outskirts of Barcelona.
 In 2001, an international group of activists organizing a conference to raise awareness around climate change squatted the former leper hospital, which had been abandoned for some 53 years.
 The squat became famous in 2002, when squatters in lockons and on tripods nonviolently resisted an eviction.
 During a three-day standoff, police were unable to remove the squatters, resulting in the case returning to the courts.
 After three years, the case was won by the owners, but no eviction notice has since been issued.
Ellis S. Rubin (June 20, 1925 – December 12, 2006) was an American attorney in Miami, Florida who gained national fame for handling a variety of highly publicized cases in a legal career that spanned 53 years.
 He was famous for his innovative defenses and his propensity for handling lost causes.
 Rubin won the first case in Florida using the “battered woman” defense.
 He also worked to free a man, James Richardson, who had been wrongly imprisoned for 21 years for fatally poisoning his seven children, and created the nymphomania defense in a case involving prostitution.
Archibald Henderson (January 21, 1783 – January 6, 1859) was the longest-serving Commandant of the Marine Corps, serving from 1820 to 1859.
 His name is learned by all recruits at Marine recruit training (Boot Camp) as the "Grand old man of the Marine Corps," serving in the United States Marine Corps for 53 years.
Harvard Crimson men's basketball program represents intercollegiate men's basketball at Harvard University.
 The team currently competes in the Ivy League in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and plays home games at the Lavietes Pavilion in Boston, Massachusetts.
 The team appeared in the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament in 2014, where Harvard upset 5-seed Cincinnati 61–57 before being eliminated in the round of 32 by 4-seed Michigan State by a score of 80–73.
 In 2015, Harvard tied with Yale for the Ivy title with an 11–3 league record.
 Despite having lost to Yale 62–52 at Lavietes Pavilion on March 6, 2015, just eight days later Harvard won a playoff between the two at the Palestra in Philadelphia to determine the Ivy League's NCAA automatic bid by a score of 53–51.
 Harvard thereby achieved its fourth straight NCAA Tournament appearance while preventing Yale from reaching the NCAA Tournament for the first time 53 years.
 Harvard was eliminated from the 2015 NCAA Tournament by UNC by a score of 67–65 after leading with under one minute to play in the game.
The exact date of the era of Deioces' rule is not clear and probably covered most of the first half of the seventh century B.C.
 According to Herodotus, Deioces governed for 53 years.
The NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship ("Campeonato Mundial Historico de Peso Welter de la NWA" in Spanish) is a professional wrestling championship governed by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).
 CMLL had held the NWA World Welterweight Championship for over 53 years even after leaving the NWA in 1989.
 In 2010 the National Wrestling Alliance, represented by Blue Demon Jr., the president of NWA Mexico, sent letters to CMLL telling them to stop promoting NWA-branded championships since CMLL was not part of the NWA any longer.
 On August 12, 2010, CMLL debuted the new NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship belt and named Mephisto, the final CMLL-recognized NWA World Welterweight Champion, as the inaugural champion.
 The championship was initially announced as the CMLL Historic Welterweight Championship, but when the belt was unveiled, it was labelled the "NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship".
The Ford Country Squire (later the Ford LTD Country Squire) is a line of full-size station wagons that was assembled and marketed by Ford Motor Company from the 1950 to 1991 model years.
 Sold only as part of the full-size product range, the Country Squire was marketed as the premium station wagon of the Ford division, distinguished by its wood-grain body trim.
 As of the 2017 model year, the Country Squire remains the third-longest used car nameplate by Ford in North America (41 years), behind only the Thunderbird (46 years) and Mustang (53 years, in production).
Arthur Herman Bremer (born August 21, 1950) is an American convicted for the attempted assassination of U.S. Democratic presidential candidate George Wallace on May 15, 1972 in Laurel, Maryland, which left Wallace permanently paralyzed from the waist down.
 Bremer was found guilty and sentenced to 63 years (53 years after an appeal) in a Maryland prison for the shooting of Wallace and three bystanders.
The J.J. McClung House is a historic structure located in Garden Grove, Iowa, United States.
 A native of Ohio, James Johnson McClung moved to Garden Grove in 1879.
 He owned and operated a livery and dray business, where he carried the mail from the train to the post office for 53 years.
 With the advent of the automobile, he built the first service station in Decatur County in 1925.
 The house was built from 1908-1909 by Wiley Sells of Leon, Iowa and remained in the McClung family for 80 years.
 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Bob Anderson (born December 28, 1947, in Manhattan, Kansas) is an American runner, photographer, publisher and film producer.
 He has been running for 53 years.
 In 2012 he ran 50 races (350.8 miles) to celebrate 50 years of running.
 He averaged 6:59/mile.
 A movie called "A Long Run" covers the event.
 He is the founder of "Runner's World" magazine.
 A desire to find information about running and racing led him to a career in magazine and book publishing for more than twenty years.
 After selling "Runner's World" to Rodale Press in 1984, he founded "Ujena Swimwear", and "Around Town Productions".
 He has been the subject of media coverage for more than forty years.
 In 2012 he founded a new sport called Double Racing - a two-stage running race with a halftime recovery break between the legs.
