NPO Best is a television channel operated by Dutch public broadcaster KRO-NCRV and launched as HilversumBest on 1 December 2006.
 NPO Best presents highlights of more than sixty years of Dutch television history.
 The channel was founded by Han Peekel.
 In April 2009 HilversumBest renamed into Best24.
 On 10 March 2014 the channel changed its name into NPO Best
John Ranelagh (John O'Beirne Ranelagh) is a television executive and producer, and an author of history and of current politics.
 He started his career in television with the British Broadcasting Company, first for BBC News and Current Affairs on "Midweek".
 As Associate Producer he participated in the making of "Ireland: A Television History".
 Later a member of the team that started Channel 4, he conceived the Equinox program, developed the "commissioning system", and served as Board Secretary.
 He was apparently the first television professional appointed to the Independent Television Commission (ITC), a government agency which licensed and regulated commercial television in Britain from 1991 to 2003.
The Greatest Event in Television History is a mockumentary television series created by Adam Scott and Naomi Sablan.
 The series premiered on Cartoon Network's late night programming block Adult Swim on October 12, 2012 and ended on January 23, 2014 with a total of four episodes.
 Each episode originally aired independently as a special presentation, several months apart.
"Hearts and Souls" is the fifth episode of the sixth season and 115th overall of the American crime drama "NYPD Blue".
 "Hearts and Souls" originally aired in the United States on ABC on Tuesday November 24, 1998, at 9:30 pm Eastern time as a 90-minute special.
 The episode was directed by Paris Barclay and written by Steven Bochco, David Milch, Bill Clark and Nicholas Wootton.
 It was the culmination of months of public speculation on the method of closure that would be employed to write Jimmy Smits's critically acclaimed Bobby Simone character out of the regular cast and clear the way for Smits' replacement, Rick Schroder.
 "Hearts and Souls" was a critical and commercial success, achieving both high ratings and positive critical feedback and is now regarded as one of the greatest television episodes in television history.
 It marked the second high-profile replacement of the partner for lead character, Detective Andy Sipowicz, played by Dennis Franz.
Jessica Claire Timberlake (née Biel; born March 3, 1982) is an American actress, model and producer.
 Biel began her career as a vocalist appearing in musical productions until she was cast as Mary Camden in the family-drama series "7th Heaven", for which she achieved recognition.
 The series is the longest-running series that ever aired on The WB channel and is the longest-running family drama in television history.
 As of late summer 2017, she is the series lead, title character, and executive producer of USA Network's new limited-series-format murder mystery "The Sinner".
ER is an American medical drama television series created by novelist and medical doctor Michael Crichton that aired on NBC from September 19, 1994, to April 2, 2009, with a total of 331 episodes spanning over 15 seasons.
 It was produced by Constant c Productions and Amblin Television, in association with Warner Bros.
 Television.
 "ER" follows the inner life of the emergency room (ER) of fictional County General Hospital in Chicago, Illinois, and various critical issues faced by the room's physicians and staff.
 The show became the longest-running primetime medical drama in American television history.
 It won 23 Primetime Emmy Awards, including the 1996 Outstanding Drama Series award, and received 124 Emmy nominations, which makes it the most nominated drama program in history.
 "ER" won 116 awards in total, including the Peabody Award, while the cast earned four Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Ensemble Performance in a Drama Series.
General Hospital (commonly abbreviated GH) is an American daytime television medical drama.
 It is listed in "Guinness World Records" as the longest-running American soap opera in production and the second longest-running drama in television in American history after "Guiding Light".
 Concurrently, it is the world's second longest-running scripted drama series in production after British serials "The Archers" and "Coronation Street", as well as the world's second-longest-running televised soap opera still in production.
 "General Hospital" premiered on the ABC television network on April 1, 1963.
 Same-day broadcasts as well as classic episodes were aired on SOAPnet from January 20, 2000, to December 31, 2013, following Disney-ABC's decision to discontinue the network.
 "General Hospital" is the longest-running serial produced in Hollywood, and the longest-running entertainment program in ABC television history.
 It holds the record for most Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Drama Series, with 13 wins.
Charisma (1972 - 2003) was a horse ridden by New Zealander Mark Todd.
 Charisma won many competitions in the sport of eventing.
 He is considered by many to be one of the greatest event horses ever to have competed.
 He stood  hands .
The 2005 World Series of Poker opened play on June 2, continuing through the Main Event No Limit World Championship starting on July 7.
 The conclusion of the Main Event on July 15 marked the close of play, and the largest prize in sports and/or television history at the time ($7,500,000) was awarded to the winner.
 ESPN's broadcast began July 19 with coverage of WSOP Circuit Tournaments, and coverage of the Main Event began October 11 and ended November 15.
(Edward) Allan Wicks CBE (born 6 June 1923, Harden, West Yorkshire, died 4 February 2010) was an English cathedral organist, who served in Canterbury Cathedral for nearly 30 years.
 He was an early champion of the music of Olivier Messiaen and Peter Maxwell Davies.
 He also directed the specially-commissioned music for the 1951 revival of the York Mystery Plays, regarded as the greatest event in the Festival of Britain celebrations.
