The Harry S Truman Birthplace State Historic Site is a state-owned property in Lamar, Barton County, Missouri, maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources, preserving the 1 ⁄ -story childhood home of Harry S. Truman, the 33rd President of the United States.
 The future president was born here on May 8, 1884, in the downstairs southwest bedroom.
 The home was purchased by the state in 1957 and dedicated as a historic site in 1959 at a ceremony attended by Truman himself.
The Japanese Instrument of Surrender was the written agreement that formalized the surrender of the Empire of Japan, marking the end of World War II.
 It was signed by representatives from the Empire of Japan, the United States of America, the Republic of China, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, the Commonwealth of Australia, the Dominion of Canada, the Provisional Government of the French Republic, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, and the Dominion of New Zealand.
 The signing took place on the deck of USS "Missouri" in Tokyo Bay on September 2, 1945.
David Rice Atchison (August 11, 1807January 26, 1886) was a mid-19th century Democratic United States Senator from Missouri.
 He served as President pro tempore of the United States Senate for six years.
 Atchison served as a major general in the Missouri State Militia in 1838 during Missouri's Mormon War and as a Confederate brigadier general during the American Civil War under Major General Sterling Price in the Missouri Home Guard.
 He is best known for the questionable claim that for one day (March 4, 1849) he may have been Acting President of the United States.
 This belief, however, is dismissed by nearly all historians, scholars, and biographers.
The Missouri Photo Workshop is an annual week-long photojournalism school based in Lee Hills Hall at the Missouri School of Journalism in Columbia, Missouri.
 Founded in 1949 by the "Father of Photojournalism" Cliff Edom along with American economist, federal government official, and photographer Roy Stryker and photographer Russell Lee, the workshop originally sought to instruct others in photojournalism based on the "gritty, content-rich photographs" produced by the pre-World War II (pre-1939) Farm Security Administration, a United States government effort during the Great Depression to combat American rural poverty.
 Following Edom's credo - "Show truth with a camera.
 Ideally truth is a matter of personal integrity.
 In no circumstances will a posed or faked photograph be tolerated."
 - each workshop originates in a different small town in Missouri, which is used as a backdrop for attendees from the United States and other countries to work on photograph storytelling methods such as research, observation, and timing.
 Missouri Photo Workshop faculty members have included the White House's first photo editor and NPPA Picture Editor of the Year Sandra Eisert and other prominent photojournalists.
Lamar is a city and the county seat of Barton County, Missouri, United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the city population was 4,532.
 Lamar is well known as the birthplace of President Harry S. Truman.
The Pioneer Instrument Company was started by Morris Maxey Titterington and Brice Herbert Goldsborough in Brooklyn, New York in 1919.
 Charles Herbert Colvin was the president.
 They specialized in aeronautical instruments including a bubble sextant and the Earth Inductor Compass.
 The company later acquired control of Brandis & Sons, Inc., in 1922, and Pioneer was later acquired by the Bendix Aviation Corporation in 1928.
 As the United States was entering World War II, the company became the Pioneer Instrument Division of Bendix Aviation, and moved to New Jersey.
 By 1943 it had become the Eclipse-Pioneer Division of Bendix Aviation.
Appointment in Tokyo is a 1945 documentary released Produced by the Army Pictorial Service, Signal Corps, with the cooperation of the Army Air Forces and the United States Navy, and released by Warner Bros. for the War Activities Committee shortly after the surrender of Japan.
 It mainly follows General Douglas MacArthur and his men from their exile from the Philippines in early 1942, through the signing of the instrument of surrender on the USS "Missouri" on September 1, 1945.
Truman State University (TSU or Truman) is a public liberal arts and sciences university located in Kirksville, Missouri, United States.
 It is a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges.
 It had 6,379 enrolled students in the fall of 2015, with 6,039 undergraduate and 340 postgraduate students, pursuing degrees in 48 undergraduate, and eight graduate programs.
 The university is named after U.S. President Harry Truman, the only president born in Missouri.
 Until 1996, the school was known as Northeast Missouri State University, but the Board of Trustees voted to change the school's name to better reflect its statewide mission.
 In the 2016 U.S. News & World Report College Rankings, Truman placed eighth in the Midwest among regional universities.
 Truman State is the only public institution in Missouri that is officially designated to pursue highly selective admissions standards.
The Rocket Launcher T34 (Calliope) was a tank-mounted multiple rocket launcher used by the United States Army during World War II.
 The launcher was placed atop the M4 Sherman, with its prominent vertical side frames firmly anchored to the turret's sides, and fired a barrage of 4.5 in (114 mm) M8 rockets from 60 launch tubes.
 It was developed in 1943; small numbers were produced and were used by various US armor units in 1944–45.
 It adopts its name from the musical instrument "Calliope", also known as the steam organ, which had similar parallel pipes, and which had historically existed on steamboats of the Mississippi River in the United States.
Steven Nathaniel Limbaugh Sr. (born November 17, 1927) is a former United States District Judge who held concurrent appointments to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri and the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri from 1983 until his retirement in 2008.
 He was appointed by president Ronald Reagan in the early 1980s after a distinguished career as a trial lawyer in Missouri.
 Like his father Rush Limbaugh Sr. before him, Limbaugh served as president of the Missouri Bar for 1982 prior to his appointment.
 His son, Stephen N. Limbaugh Jr., is currently a federal judge for the Eastern District of Missouri.
