"Forty Percent Leadbelly" is the fourteenth episode of the seventh season of the animated sitcom "Futurama".
 It originally aired on Comedy Central on July 3, 2013.
 The episode was written by Ken Keeler and directed by Stephen Sandoval.
 In this episode, Bender meets his hero, Silicon Red, a folk singer who has been in jail 30 times, during a convict transport, and uses a wireless 3D printer to duplicate his guitar, but the wireless connection between Bender's brain and the 3D printer turns his folk song about an angry space railbot hunting down Bender into a reality.
"Cops and Roger" is the fourteenth episode of the sixth season and the ninety second overall episode of the animated comedy series "American Dad!
".
 It aired on Fox in the United States on April 11, 2010, and is written by Erik Durbin and directed by Tim Parsons.
"In the Name of the Grandfather" is the fourteenth episode of the twentieth season of "The Simpsons".
 It first aired on Sky1 on St. Patrick's Day, March 17, 2009 and aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 22, 2009.
 It was the first episode of the show to premiere in Europe before airing on Fox.
 In the episode, the Simpsons buy a new hot tub and spend so much time relaxing in it that they neglect Abraham "Grampa" Simpson.
 Homer decides to make it up to Grampa by helping him do one thing he wants to do.
 Grampa reminisces about O'Flanagan's pub in Ireland where he once had the best night of his life so the Simpsons travel there.
 Marge, Bart and Lisa visit various Irish landmarks while Homer and Grampa buy O'Flanagan's during a night of binge drinking and soon discover that pubs are no longer popular in Ireland.
"Moon Landing" is the fourteenth episode of the first season of "Modern Family" and the fourteenth episode of the series overall.
 It was originally scheduled to premiere on ABC on January 27, 2010, but it was preempted by the State of the Union address and pushed back a week to February 3, 2010.
 The episode was written by Bill Wruber and directed by Jason Winer.
"Angry Dad: The Movie" is the fourteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> twenty-second season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 20, 2011.
 The plot of the episode involves Bart winning many awards for his new short film based on his web cartoon series "Angry Dad", which was first introduced in "I Am Furious (Yellow)", while Homer takes credit for the film during acceptance speeches.
"American Dad!
"'s eleventh season began airing on FOX with two episodes on September 14, 2014, and one episode on September 21, 2014.
 Following the final episodes airing on FOX, TBS began airing Season 12 one month later on October 20, 2014.
"Total Drama" is a Canadian animated comedy television series that began airing on Teletoon in 2007.
 The first season, titled "Total Drama Island", follows twenty-two contestants on a reality show of the same name.
 A second season, titled "Total Drama Action", began airing in January 2009, this time following fourteen (later fifteen) returning contestants.
 The third season, "Total Drama World Tour", began in June 2010, and followed fifteen returning contestants along with two (later three) new contestants.
 The show's fourth season, "", began airing in 2012, and was the first season to feature an entirely new set of contestants.
 The fifth season began airing in 2014, and was split into two parts, "Total Drama All-Stars" and "Total Drama: Pahkitew Island".
 The first part featured contestants from the first four seasons, while the second part introduced new contestants.
 The show was recently picked up for a sixth season.
"I Am Furious (Yellow)" is the eighteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> thirteenth season.
 It first aired in the United States on the Fox network on April 28, 2002.
 In the episode, Bart creates a comic book series based on his father Homer's anger problems, which turns into a popular Internet cartoon series called "Angry Dad".
 Homer finds out about this and is at first outraged, but after talking to his family, he decides to try to become a less angry person.
Donnie Simpson (born January 30, 1954) is a longtime American radio DJ as well as a television and movie personality.
 He hosted "The Donnie Simpson Morning Show" on Washington, D.C. radio station WPGC-FM from March 1993 to January 29, 2010.
 Currently, he hosts "The Donnie Simpson Show" on D.C.-based radio station WMMJ-FM (Majic 102.3 FM), which began airing on August 17, 2015.
 Simpson is the first urban-format radio personality to have an annual salary over $1 million without being syndicated.
 In 2003, Simpson, through his agent and longtime friend, George Parker, inked a 6-year, 8-figure deal with WPGC-FM making Simpson the highest paid African-American radio personality ever without syndication.
 He was "Billboard's" "Radio Personality of the Year" and "Program Director of the Year".
 He has also been known by the nicknames, "Love Bug", "The Green-eyed Bandit" and "Dr. Green Eyes" for his luminous, light green eyes.
The Farmer Wants a Wife is an Australian reality television series based on the British reality show "Farmer Wants a Wife".
 Hosted by "Getaway" presenter Natalie Gruzlewski, the first six-episode series commenced on the Nine Network on 24 October 2007.
 Another 3 series have since aired, with Series 4 coming to an end in November 2009.
 The fifth season began airing on 28 July 2010 and finished on 15 September 2010, the sixth season began airing on 9 February 2011 and finished on 30 March 2011 also the reunion special on 6 April 2011, the seventh season began airing on 22 August 2011 and finished on 3 October 2011, the eighth season began airing on 15 August 2012.
