The Northern Ireland Junior national football team, commonly referred to as Northern Ireland Juniors, represents Northern Ireland in international association football matches for teams selected outside national professional leagues.
 Originally selected on an all-Ireland basis, the team is now limited to selecting players appearing in intermediate and junior leagues within Northern Ireland.
 A number of players have graduated from the Junior international side to the senior international side, notably Norman Uprichard and Dick Keith who played at the 1958 World Cup.
 The most recent player to graduate to the senior team was Stuart Dallas.
The Northern Ireland national under-23 team is a football (soccer) team representing Northern Ireland featuring footballers playing in the Irish League.
 The team first played at this level in 2007 when entering the International Challenge Trophy for national semi-professional Under-23 sides, though previously the Northern Ireland Under-23 team offered a recognised stepping stone for all young players hoping to progress to the full Northern Ireland side.
Ulster Elks is an Irish basketball team based in Jordanstown, Northern Ireland.
 The team competes in the National League Division 1 and plays its home games at the Ulster University Sports Centre.
 They have previously had stints in the Irish SuperLeague and the Basketball Northern Ireland Wingfoot Premier League.
 The team is a division of Ulster Elks Basketball Club and is directly associated with Ulster University.
Patrick (Paddy) Sweeney (born 3 June 1976 from County Donegal) is an Irish football manager (coach) who played professionally for a number of teams in Europe and in the United States (playing in over 400 senior games).
 He has worked under Anthony Hudson (footballer) as an assistant since 2010 beginning in the USL Second Division and then with the Bahrain national under-23 football team.
 Hudson had unprecedented success with the U-23 National team and was then promoted to senior Bahrain national football team manager in August 2013.
 Anthony Hudson is now the New Zealand national football team manager, and Sweeney and Hudson continue to work closely together.
 Most recently, Sweeney was brought in by Hudson for the New Zealand national training camp held in Belfast, Northern Ireland and Dublin, Ireland in preparation for the 2017 Confederations Cup in Russia.
 New Zealand played Northern Ireland in Winsor Park and Irish league side Cabinteely FC in Dublin before arriving in St. Petersburg, Russia for the tournament.
Seamus Donal D'Arcy (14 December 1921 – 22 February 1985), known as Jimmy D'Arcy or sometimes Paddy D'Arcy, was a Northern Irish international footballer who played as an inside forward.
 After playing in the Republic of Ireland for Waterford, Limerick, Dundalk and in Northern Ireland for Ballymena United, D'Arcy played professionally in England for Charlton Athletic, Chelsea and Brentford, scoring 15 goals in 49 appearances in the Football League.
 He also represented the IFA XI.
 An ankle injury ended D'Arcy's career in 1954 and the following year he returned to Charlton Athletic to serve as Development Association Officer for eight months.
Jimmy O'Neill (born 24 November 1941 at Larne, Northern Ireland) was a Northern Irish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Northern Ireland national football team as a forward.
The Portstewart Eagles are a youth baseball team based in Portstewart, Northern Ireland.
 They are the only youth baseball team in Northern Ireland.
 They regularly travel to the Republic of Ireland for baseball matches and also participate in UK-wide and European competitions.
The Lough Erne Challenge is an annual invitational golf event played on The Faldo Course at the Lough Erne Resort, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.
 The inaugural Lough Erne Challenge, played in July 2009, was between Rory McIlroy - touring professional at Lough Erne Resort - and Pádraig Harrington.
 McIlroy won the 18 hole strokeplay match with a four under par round of 68 to Harrington's two under par 70.
 In July 2010 McIlroy teamed up with Darren Clarke to form a Northern Ireland team that took on Harrington and Shane Lowry, representing the Republic of Ireland.
 The Northern Ireland team won the 18 hole combined strokeplay event with a score of six under par with the Republic of Ireland one shot back on five under par.
Belfast Star is an Irish basketball team based in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
 The team competes in the Super League and plays its home games at Methodist College.
 The team is a division of Belfast Star Basketball Club and is the only team in the Super League based in Northern Ireland.
Jonathan "Jonny" Tuffey (born 20 January 1987 in Banbridge, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish professional association football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Glenavon and has also appeared for the Northern Ireland national football team.
 Tuffey started his career at English Championship side Coventry City, however he failed to make a breakthrough into the first team.
 He then joined the then Scottish First Division team Partick Thistle in 2006, replacing the legendary Kenny Arthur.
 Following a successful four years at Firhill, Tuffey signed for SPL side Inverness Caley Thistle and then St Johnstone.
 Tuffey then returned to Northern Ireland to sign for Linfield, where he played for two years before transferring to Glenavon.
