WSTU (1450 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a talk radio format.
 Licensed to Stuart, Florida, United States, the station is currently owned by Treasure Coast Broadcasters, Inc.
 WSTU went on the air in December 1954.
 Les Combs was the original owner.
 In 1969 the station was sold to Harvey L Glascock, whose family owned the station until 1997 when it was sold to American Radio.
 After a brief ownership by a Broward County businessman, it was sold to Barry Grant Marsh and David Pomerance.
 Marsh had been Operations Manager of WSTU for many years under the Glasscock family.
 The station was purchased by Treasure Coast Broadcasters in 2001.
 When WSTU went on the air, Stuart went from the biggest city on Florida's east coast without its own radio station to the smallest city on Florida's east coast with its own radio station.
 WSTU had a strong local news commitment from the very first, and continues that to this day under News Director Tom Teter, who has been with the station since 1980.
 Teter has won many awards for news excellence from UPI and AP including Best Newscast in Florida and Best Spot News Reporting.
 From the earliest days the Martin County community viewed the station as more of a public utility than a privately owned radio station.
 WSTU was also one of the first radio stations in Florida to broadcast high school sports on a regular basis and continues to broadcast high school football, basketball and baseball.
 Hamp Elliot did the play-by-play for many years followed by Teter who handled the play-by-play for more than 20 years.
 Rick McGuire now does much of the play-by-play.
 This summary written by Tom Teter.
Tony Prince (born Thomas Whitehead; 9 May 1944) is a British radio disc jockey and businessman.
 He broadcast on Radio Caroline and Radio Luxembourg in the 1960s and 1970s, later becoming a programme director and then businessman, responsible for establishing the remix label DMC.
Nic Nolan (born 1 May 1958 in Chiswick, London, England) is an Australian broadcast journalist and communications consultant working with both private enterprise and State and Local Government in Australia.
 Nolan was General Manager of Adelaide youth radio station Fresh 92.7 (Fresh FM (Australia)) 2009–2011.
 Before that, Nolan was Programme Director of Adelaide's number one Newstalk radio station 5AA (FIVEaa) 2004–2008, in that time, taking the station to 32 consecutive breakfast number ones and 11 consecutive 10+ number one ratings victories.
 Between 1988 and 2004, Nolan was the breakfast news anchor and News Director of Perth's number one rating radio station, MIX 94.5.
 Nolan was a finalist for Best Programme Director in the Australian Commercial Radio Awards, in 2005 and in 2007 and 2008.
 In February 2009, Nolan was commissioned to project-manage the establishment of an online daily newspaper in Adelaide, "Indaily".
 Nolan is Vice-President of the South Australian Press Club of which he has been a committee-member since 2004.
Century Radio was the brand name of a group of independent local radio stations in England.
 The brand was developed with the launch of 100-102 Century Radio in North East England in 1994, with John Myers as managing director and John Simons as programme director.
 The brand grew when Myers launched 106 Century FM for the East Midlands, and further when 105.4 Century Radio was launched in North West England in 1998.
 Ocean FM used the Century format, but not the brand.
Pat Boran (born 1963) is an Irish poet.
 Born in Portlaoise, Boran has lived in Dublin for a number of years.
 He is the publisher of the Dedalus Press which specialises in contemporary poetry from Ireland, and international poetry in English-language translation, and was until 2007 Programme Director of the annual Dublin Writers Festival.
 Currently he is the presenter of "The Poetry Programme", a weekly half-hour poetry programme on RTÉ Radio 1.
 (The archive for the programme features his interviews with poets such as Tess Gallagher, Tony Curtis, John Haynes, Gerry Murphy and Jane Hirshfield.)
 He won the Patrick Kavanagh Poetry Award in 1989 and in 2008 received the Lawrence O'Shaughnessy Award for Irish Poetry from the University of St. Thomas, St. Paul, MN.
Gary Roberts is managing director of Perth radio station Nova 93.7 having started his radio career in the late 60's at 3AW in Melbourne.
 He spent nine years on air with a number of stations including 5AD (radio station) Adelaide, 2UW Sydney and 6KY Perth before moving into Programming.
 As a Programme Director, he programmed four stations to No 1 in their respective markets including a record run of 34 consecutive No 1 surveys with 96fm (Perth radio station), which he launched in 1980.
 He was General Manager of 96fm from 1984 to 1992 when he left to take over the same role at 94.5FM in Perth.
radiOrakel (lit.
 "Radio Oracle") is a feminist radio station in Oslo, Norway, broadcasting on 99,3 MHz in the Oslo area and through Internet streaming.
 It is widely believed to be the world's first feminist radio station.
 It was started in 1982, when Norwegian authorities decided to allow local radio stations to operate.
 Money was then collected at a women’s cultural festival to start up the world’s first women’s radio station.
 On October 16, 1982, radiOrakel was founded.
 From the beginning, it was a part-time station, sharing a frequency.
 Gradually the station has been able to gain more time from the regulator.
 It now broadcasts 10 or 11 hours a day.
 Rita Westvik was the first editor in chief.
 The radio station is mostly run by volunteers.
 It has a shared leadership consisting of an editor-in-chief and an executive director, and usually an assistant editor and other people in various management roles.
 The management is usually changed yearly.
 In the early days the station’s headquarters were at Korsgata 5 but moved together with AKKS (Aksjon Kvinne Kultur Senter- Women’s Cultural Action Centre) to the loft at the Blitz house, where it today's occupied the third floor and the loft.
Nic Harcourt (born September 23, 1957) is an English-born American radio and television presenter, producer, and journalist best known as the former Music Director and on-air presenter for the Santa Monica, California-based radio station KCRW.
 Harcourt hosts the noontime show called "KCSN Midday Music Mix with Nic Harcourt" at KCSN in Northridge, California.
Keith Walsh is an Irish radio DJ, and Vegan.
 Currently the lead anchor for RTÉ 2fm's early morning programme "Breakfast Republic" with comedians Bernard O'Shea and Jennifer Maguire.
 Walsh earlier worked at Dublin's SPIN 1038 where he partnered with Joe Donnelly.
 He is a former programme director for i105107 and Phantom 105.2.
 He is married and has two children.
Archibald Michael Graham (born 9th of August,1960, Hampstead, London) is a British journalist.
 He is best known for his work as a presenter on national commercial speech radio station Talksport.
 Previously he was Editor of the Scottish Daily Mirror and Programme Director and mid-morning presenter of the Independent Republic of Mike Graham on Talk 107, the Edinburgh sister station of Talksport.
