Zeitschrift für Physikalische Chemie (English: "Journal of Physical Chemistry") is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering physical chemistry that is published by Oldenbourg Wissenschaftsverlag.
 Its English subtitle is "International Journal of Research in Physical Chemistry and Chemical Physics".
 It was established in 1887 by Wilhelm Ostwald, Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff, and Svante August Arrhenius as the first scientific journal for publications specifically in the field of physical chemistry.
 The editor-in-chief is Karl-Michael Weitzel (University of Marburg).
Laser & Photonics Reviews is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on all aspects of optical science.
 It is published by Wiley-VCH and contains reviews and original papers/letters.
 The journal was established in 2007 by the founding editor-in-chief Theodor W. Hänsch (Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich).
 Since 2008, the editor-in-chief is Guido W. Fuchs (Wiley-VCH).
 Originally, the journal only published review articles.
 Since 2012, it also contains original papers and letters.
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal had a 2011 impact factor of 7.388, ranking it 2nd out of 79 journals in the category "Optics", 8th out of 125 journals in the category "Physics Applied", and 11th out of 69 journals in the category "Physics Condensed Matter".
Danilo Erricolo, an Italian-American engineer from the University of Illinois, Chicago was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2016 "for contributions to electromagnetic scattering and associated computational algorithms" and also the current Editor-in-Chief of "IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation".
Biopolymers is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the study of biopolymers from a biochemical and biophysical perspective.
 It was established in 1963 and is published by John Wiley & Sons.
 The editor-in-chief is Hilary J. Crichton.
 The journal has three sections: Peptide Science (established in 1995, published bimonthly), Nucleic Acid Sciences (established in 1997, published four times per year), and Biospectroscopy (merged with "Biopolymers" in 2004).
 "Peptide Science" is the affiliate journal of the American Peptide Society.
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 2.248, ranking it 39th out of 72 journals in the category "Biophysics" and 186th out of 289 in the category "Biochemistry & Molecular Biology".
The Journal für praktische Chemie, was a German-language scientific journal for chemistry.
 The journal was founded in 1828 by Otto Linné Erdmann (1804–1869) as the "Journal für technische und ökonomische Chemie", the oldest chemical trade journal in Germany.
 From 1828 (under the original title) to 1869 Erdmann was the editor, along with Franz Wilhelm Schweigger-Seidel (from 1833 to 1838), Richard Felix Marchand (from 1839 to 1850), and Gustav Werther (from 1853 to 1869).
 From 1870 to 1884 Hermann Kolbe was the editor-in-chief.
 From 1879 to 1884 Ernst von Meyer worked as co-editor under Kolbe and became editor-in-chief upon Kolbe's death in 1884 and continued in that capacity until his own death in 1916.
 Beginning in 1917 the journal was edited by Julius Bredt, Theodor Curtius, Karl Elbs, Otto Fischer (1852–1932), Fritz Foerster, and Berthold Rassow with August Darapsky as editor-in-chief.
 Beginning in 1953 the "Journal für praktische Chemie" was published by the Chemische Gesellschaft der DDR.
The Journal of Materials Chemistry A is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers the synthesis, properties, and applications of novel materials related to energy and sustainability.
 It is one of three journals created after the "Journal of Materials Chemistry" was split at the end of 2012.
 Its first issue was published in January 2013.
 The journal is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry and has two sister journals, "Journal of Materials Chemistry B" and "Journal of Materials Chemistry C", which cover different materials science topics.
 The editor-in-chief for the "Journal of Materials Chemistry" family of journals is currently Nazario Martin.
 The deputy editor-in-chief for "Journal of Materials Chemistry A" is Hiroshi Imahori, while the executive editor is Annie Harvey.
In academic publishing, a scientific journal is a periodical publication intended to further the progress of science, usually by reporting new research.
 Articles in scientific journals are mostly written by active scientists such as students, researchers and professors instead of professional journalists.
 There are thousands of scientific journals in publication, and many more have been published at various points in the past (see list of scientific journals).
 Most journals are highly specialized, although some of the oldest journals such as "Nature" publish articles and scientific papers across a wide range of scientific fields.
 Scientific journals contain articles that have been peer reviewed, in an attempt to ensure that articles meet the journal's standards of quality, and scientific validity.
 Although scientific journals are superficially similar to professional magazines, they are actually quite different.
 Issues of a scientific journal are rarely read casually, as one would read a magazine.
 The publication of the results of research is an essential part of the scientific method.
 If they are describing experiments or calculations, they must supply enough details that an independent researcher could repeat the experiment or calculation to verify the results.
 Each such journal article becomes part of the permanent scientific record.
The Journal of Histochemistry and Cytochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of cell biology established in 1953.
 It covers research in the structure and function of cells, tissues, and organs as well as components of development, differentiation, and disease, as well as microscopy and imaging techniques.
 The journal is the official publication of The Histochemical Society and is published by SAGE Publications.
 The editor-in-chief as of January 1, 2016 is Stephen M. Hewitt of the National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, in Bethesda Maryland, USA.
 The immediate past Editor-in-Chief is John R. Couchman (University of Copenhagen).
 The journal is published online and in print monthly.
 Journal content is available for free after twelve months.
Cancer is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering oncology.
 The journal was established in 1948.
 It is an official journal of the American Cancer Society and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the society.
 The first editor-in-chief was Fred W. Stewart, who held that position until 1961.
 The current editor-in-chief is Fadlo R. Khuri. "
Cancer Cytopathology" was published as a supplement from 1997 until 2008 when it was split into a separate journal.
Behavior Genetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media that is devoted to "research in the inheritance of behavior".
 It is the official journal of the Behavior Genetics Association.
 The journal was established in 1971 with Steven G. Vandenberg as its founding editor-in-chief.
 The abstracts of the annual meetings are printed in the journal.
 Each year, the editorial board chooses a particularly meritorious paper in the previous year's volume of the journal for the Fulker Award, acknowledged by "$1000 and a good bottle of wine" as well as a citation made in the journal.
 This award was created in the honor of David Fulker, a past president of the Behavior Genetics Association (1982) and former editor-in-chief of the journal.
