David Robie (born 1945) is a New Zealand author, journalist and media educator who has covered the Asia-Pacific region for international media for more than two decades.
 He became an associate professor in Auckland University of Technology School of Communication Studies in 2005 and a professor in 2011.
 In 1985, Dr Robie sailed on board the Greenpeace eco-navy flagship "Rainbow Warrior" for 10 weeks until it was bombed by French secret agents in New Zealand’s Auckland harbour.
 He is the author of a book about the ill-fated voyage, "Eyes of Fire: The Last Voyage of the Rainbow Warrior" (Lindon Books, 1986).
 An updated memorial edition of "Eyes of Fire" was published in July 2005 and a 30th anniversary edition in July 2015 (Little Island Press).
The Rainbow Warrior, sometimes called The Sinking of the Rainbow Warrior, is a 1993 television film directed by Michael Tuchner and starring Sam Neill and Jon Voight.
Jurassic Park III: Island Attack (known as Jurassic Park III: Advanced Action in Japan and Jurassic Park III: Dino Attack in Europe; originally known as Jurassic Park III: Primal Fear) is a video game for the Game Boy Advance.
 "Island Attack" is loosely based on the 2001 film "Jurassic Park III".
Rainbow Warrior (sometimes Rainbow Warrior III) is a purpose-built motor-assisted sailing yacht owned and operated by Greenpeace and intended for use in their activities such as environmental protests and scientific excursions.
 She was christened on October 14, 2011, and has replaced "Rainbow Warrior II" after further upgrades and maintenance of the older ship had been shown to be impractical.
The sinking of the "Rainbow Warrior", codenamed Opération Satanic, was a bombing operation by the "action" branch of the French foreign intelligence services, the "Direction générale de la sécurité extérieure" (DGSE), carried out on 10 July 1985.
 During the operation, two operatives sank the flagship of the Greenpeace fleet, the "Rainbow Warrior" in the port of Auckland, New Zealand on its way to a protest against a planned French nuclear test in Moruroa.
 Fernando Pereira, a photographer, drowned on the sinking ship.
Rainbow Warrior (sometimes informally called Rainbow Warrior II) is a three-masted schooner most notable for service with the environmental protection organization Greenpeace.
 She was built from the hull of the deep sea fishing ship "Ross Kashmir" (later "Grampian Fame"), which had been built by Cochrane & Sons of Selby, North Yorkshire and launched in 1957.
 "Rainbow Warrior" was originally 44 metres long and powered by steam, but was extended to 55.2 m in 1966.
 Greenpeace gave the vessel new masts, a gaff rig, a new engine and a number of environmentally low-impact systems to handle waste, heating and hot water.
 She was officially re-launched in Hamburg on 10 July 1989, the fourth anniversary of the sinking of her predecessor, the original "Rainbow Warrior".
The Rainbow Warrior Case was a dispute between New Zealand and France that arose in the aftermath of the sinking of the "Rainbow Warrior".
 It was arbitrated by UN Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar in 1986, and became significant in the subject of Public International Law for its implications on State responsibility.
Jurassic Park: Operation Genesis is a construction and management simulation video game based on the "Jurassic Park" series and released for Windows, Xbox, and PlayStation 2.
 The main point of the game is to recreate Jurassic Park - building a five-star theme park with dinosaurs, and turning John Hammond's dream into reality.
 In the park, the player builds paths, amenities for visitors such as food, restrooms, enclosures, and attractions.
 One must also keep the park safe and secure.
 The park can be populated with up to sixty dinosaurs, with twenty-five different species available from the three "Jurassic Park" films.
 The player can also add attractions similar to those seen in the films, such as the safari seen in the first "Jurassic Park" film from 1993, and additional attractions such as a balloon tour and several varieties of viewing platform.
The Rainbow Warrior Conspiracy is a 1988 Australian-New Zealand mini series based on the Sinking of the Rainbow Warrior.
Jurassic World is a 2015 American science-fiction adventure film, the first film in the sequel trilogy and the fourth installment of the "Jurassic Park" series.
 The film was directed and co-written by Colin Trevorrow, produced by Frank Marshall and Patrick Crowley, and stars Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard.
 The production companies were Steven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment, also responsible for the rest of the "Jurassic Park" franchise, and Thomas Tull's Legendary Pictures.
 Set 22 years after the events of "Jurassic Park", "Jurassic World" takes place on the same fictional Central American island of Isla Nublar, off the Pacific coast of Costa Rica, where a theme park populated with cloned dinosaurs has operated for ten years.
 The park plunges into chaos when a genetically created dinosaur breaks loose and goes on a rampage across the island.
