Don Quixote or Don Quixote de la Mancha (orig.
 Spanish title "Don Quijote de la Mancha") is the first sound film version in Spanish of the great classic novel by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra.
 It was directed and adapted by Rafael Gil and released in 1947.
 A huge undertaking for Spanish cinema in its day, it was the longest film version of the novel up to that time (two hours and twelve minutes, plus an intermission), and very likely the most faithful, reverently following the book in its dialogue and order of episodes, unlike G.W. Pabst's 1933 version and the later Russian film version, which scrambled up the order of the adventures as many film versions do.
 Characters such as Cardenio, Dorotea, and Don Fernando, which are usually omitted because their respective subplots have little to do with the main body of the novel, were kept in this film.
The Miguel de Cervantes Prize (Spanish: "Premio de Literatura en Lengua Castellana Miguel de Cervantes" ) is awarded annually to honour the lifetime achievement of an outstanding writer in the Spanish language.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra ( or ; ] ; 29 September 1547 (assumed)22 April 1616) was a Spanish writer who is widely regarded as the greatest writer in the Spanish language and one of the world's pre-eminent novelists.
El retablo de maese Pedro ("Master Peter's Puppet Show") is a puppet-opera in one act with a prologue and epilogue, composed by Manuel de Falla to a Spanish libretto based on an episode from "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes.
 The libretto is an abbreviation of chapter 26 of the second part of "Don Quixote", with some lines added from other parts of the work.
 Falla composed this opera "in devoted homage to the glory of Miguel de Cervantes" and dedicated it to the Princess de Polignac, who commissioned the work.
 Because of its brief length by operatic standards (about 27 minutes), its very challenging part for a boy opera performer (who has by far the most lines), and its use of puppets, it is not part of the standard operatic repertoire.
The Works of Persiles and Sigismunda is a romance or Byzantine novel by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, his last work and one that stands in opposition to the more famous novel "Don Quixote" by its embrace of the fantastic rather than the commonplace.
 While Cervantes is known primarily for "Don Quixote", widely regarded as one of the foremost classic novels of all time, he himself believed the "Persiles", as it is commonly called, to be his crowning achievement.
 He completed it only three days before his death, and it was posthumously published in 1617.
Sancho Panza ] is a fictional character in the novel "Don Quixote" written by Spanish author Don Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra in 1605.
 Sancho acts as squire to Don Quixote and provides comments throughout the novel, known as "sanchismos", that are a combination of broad humour, ironic Spanish proverbs, and earthy wit.
 "Panza" in Spanish means "belly" (cf. English "paunch," Italian "pancia", several Italian dialects "panza", Portuguese "pança", French "panse").
Juan López de Hoyos (1511–1583) was a Spanish schoolmaster and author who lived during the Renaissance.
 He is most notably believed to be the teacher of Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, from whom he commissioned several poems for a commemorative work on the life of Philip II of Spain's wife, Elisabeth of Valois.
The following is a partial list of characters in the novel "Don Quixote de la Mancha" by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra.
Plaza de España (Spanish for Spain Square ) is a large square, a popular tourist destination located in central Madrid, Spain at the western end of the Gran Vía.
 It features a monument to Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra and is adjacent to two of Madrid's most prominent skyscrapers.
 Additionally, the Palacio Real (Royal Palace) is only a short walk south from the plaza.
Don Quixote ( or ] , fully titled The Ingenious Nobleman Mister Quixote of La Mancha (Spanish: El Ingenioso Hidalgo Don Quijote de la Mancha ] ), is a Spanish novel by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra.
 Published in two volumes, in 1605 and 1615, "Don Quixote" is considered the most influential work of literature from the Spanish Golden Age and the entire Spanish literary canon.
 As a founding work of modern Western literature and one of the earliest canonical novels, it regularly appears high on lists of the greatest works of fiction ever published, such as the Bokklubben World Library collection that cites "Don Quixote" as the authors' choice for the "best literary work ever written".
