Jeffrey Lane "Jeff" Hephner (born June 22, 1975) is an American actor, known for his recurring role as Matt Ramsey in the third season of the Fox drama "The O.C." (2005-2006) and starring as Morgan Stanley Buffkin in the short-lived CW comedy-drama "Easy Money" (2008-2009).
 He had a recurring role as football coach Red Raymond in the short-lived CW drama "Hellcats" and co-starred as Ben Zajac in the Starz political drama "Boss" (2011–2012) with Kelsey Grammer.
 In 2015, he starred as John Case in the short-lived TNT action drama "Agent X".
 Hephner had a recurring role as firefighter-turned-medical student Jeff Clarke in NBC's "Chicago" franchise in the original drama "Chicago Fire" from 2013 to 2014 and reprised his role in the show's medical drama spin-off "Chicago Med" from 2016 to 2017.
Sammy Sheik (born November 15, 1981) is an Egyptian actor.
 Sheik is best known for his recurring role of "Masheer" on the hit Fox series "24".
Hilarie Ross Burton (born July 1, 1982) is an American actress and producer.
 A former host of MTV's "Total Request Live", she portrayed Peyton Sawyer on the The WB/CW drama "One Tree Hill" for six seasons (2003–09).
 Burton gained wider recognition with leading roles in the films "Our Very Own", "Solstice" and "The List".
 She starred as Sara Ellis on the USA crime drama "White Collar" (2010–13); and, in 2013, she had a recurring role as Dr. Lauren Boswell on the ABC medical drama "Grey's Anatomy".
 In 2014, she appeared in the short-lived ABC drama series "Forever" as Molly Dawes, and a recurring role in the short-lived CBS sci-fi drama series "Extant" as Anna Schaefer in 2015.
 In 2016, Burton was cast in a recurring role as DEA Agent Karen Palmer on the Fox action dramedy series "Lethal Weapon".
Nicholas D'Agosto (born April 17, 1980) is an American actor.
 He is known for being the lead of "Final Destination 5" and his recurring role in "Heroes".
 He starred in the Showtime series "Masters of Sex" and the Fox series "Gotham".
 D'Agosto also stars in NBC's new show "Trial & Error".
Vanessa Lengies (born July 21, 1985) is a Canadian actress, dancer and singer.
 She is known for starring in the drama "American Dreams" as Roxanne Bojarski.
 She appeared as Charge Nurse Kelly Epson on the TNT medical drama "HawthoRNe", and has appeared in the recurring role of Sugar Motta in the third, fourth, and sixth seasons of the Fox series "Glee."
Wentworth Earl Miller III (born June 2, 1972) is a British-American actor, model, and screenwriter.
 He rose to prominence following his role as Michael Scofield in the five seasons of the Fox series "Prison Break", for which he received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
 He made his screenwriting debut with the 2013 thriller film "Stoker".
 In 2014, he began playing Leonard Snart/Captain Cold in a recurring role on The CW series "The Flash" before becoming a series regular on the spin-off "Legends of Tomorrow".
 Miller reprised his role as Michael Scofield for the fifth season of the limited-run "Prison Break" revival, which aired on April 4, 2017 and concluded on May 30, 2017.
Zachary Throne (born April 3, 1967 in Hollywood, California) is an American actor and musician who has appeared in a wide number of television, film and stage productions and on numerous rock, pop and soundtrack albums.
 Throne is a self-taught, musician who sings, plays guitar, bass, drums, and piano – and is self-taught on all instruments.
 He is the son of Malachi Throne and Judith Merians and is the brother of Joshua Throne.
 He earned a Gold record in 1992 for his work on the soundtrack album to the television series "The Heights", on which he performed guitars, bass, piano and vocals as well as co-starred in the series.
 The album yielded a hit single, "How Do You Talk To An Angel" (on which Zachary performed on) that was #1 on "Billboard" for two weeks in November 1992.
 As an actor, Zachary is best known for playing the recurring role of "Howard", the radio station manager/drug dealer on "Beverly Hills 90210" and for playing "Danny" on the FOX series, "Party Of Five".
 As a singer, Zachary has sung on many TV and radio jingles.
 He provided the singing voice for the character, "Mark Winkle" on the television series, "California Dreams" as well as the singing voice for the character, "Greg Brady" in the films, "The Brady Bunch Movie" and "A Very Brady Sequel".
 Currently, he resides in Las Vegas, Nevada where he performs in many shows.
 From 2012-2014, he was the lead singer/lead guitar player/bass player for the Sin City Sinners, a group that also featured former Faster Pussycat guitarist and co-founder Brent Muscat as well as Slash bass player, Todd Kerns.
 .
 With the group, he recorded two albums, "DIVEBAR Days Revisited" and "A Sinners Christmas 2", both released in 2013.
Pitch Perfect is a series of musical comedy films created by Kay Cannon, loosely based on the non-fiction book "Pitch Perfect: The Quest for Collegiate a Cappella Glory" by Mickey Rapkin.
 Jason Moore directed the first film, and Elizabeth Banks directed the second, with the upcoming third installment set to be released on December 22, 2017.
 Paul Brooks, Max Handelman, and Banks produced the films.
 It features an ensemble cast, including Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson, Anna Camp, Brittany Snow, Skylar Astin, Adam DeVine, Ben Platt, Alexis Knapp, Hana Mae Lee, Ester Dean, Hailee Steinfeld, Chrissie Fit, Katey Sagal, John Michael Higgins, and Banks.
 The series is distributed by Universal Pictures.
Sam Huntington (born April 1, 1982) is an American actor.
 He is best known for his starring role as Josh Levison, a werewolf in the Syfy series "Being Human", and for his role as Jimmy Olsen in the superhero film "Superman Returns".
 For its two seasons from September 2015 to April 2017, Huntington had a recurring role on the Fox series "Rosewood".
 He also played Mimi-Siku Cromwell in the Disney movie "Jungle 2 Jungle".
Michael Grant Terry (born August 30, 1984) is an American actor, known for his recurring role as Wendell Bray on the Fox series "Bones".
