Major Walter Reed, M.D., U.S. Army, (September 13, 1851 – November 22, 1902) was a U.S. Army physician who in 1901 led the team that postulated and confirmed the theory that yellow fever is transmitted by a particular mosquito species, rather than by direct contact.
 This insight gave impetus to the new fields of epidemiology and biomedicine, and most immediately allowed the resumption and completion of work on the Panama Canal (1904–1914) by the United States.
 Reed followed work started by Carlos Finlay and directed by George Miller Sternberg who has been called the "first U.S. bacteriologist".
The X Club was a dining club of nine men who supported the theories of natural selection and academic liberalism in late 19th-century England.
 Thomas Henry Huxley was the initiator: he called the first meeting for 3 November 1864.
 The club met in London once a month—except in July, August and September—from November 1864 until March 1893, and its members are believed to have wielded much influence over scientific thought.
 The members of the club were George Busk, Edward Frankland, Thomas Archer Hirst, Joseph Dalton Hooker, Thomas Henry Huxley, John Lubbock, Herbert Spencer, William Spottiswoode, and John Tyndall, united by a "devotion to science, pure and free, untrammelled by religious dogmas."
Thomas Henry (born Thomas Henry Fisher) (1879–1962) was an English illustrator, best remembered for his illustrations of Richmal Crompton's William books.
Moseley's law is an empirical law concerning the characteristic x-rays that are emitted by atoms.
 The law was discovered and published by the English physicist Henry Moseley in 1913.
 It is historically important in quantitatively justifying the conception of the nuclear model of the atom, with all, or nearly all, positive charges of the atom located in the nucleus, and associated on an integer basis with atomic number.
 Until Moseley's work, "atomic number" was merely an element's place in the periodic table, and was not known to be associated with any measureable physical quantity.
 Moseley was able to show that the frequencies of certain characteristic X-rays emitted from chemical elements are proportional to the square of a number which was close to the element's atomic number; a finding which supported Van den Broek and Bohr's model of the atom in which the atomic number is the same as the number of positive charges in the nucleus of the atom.
 In brief, the law states that the square root of the frequency of the emitted x-ray is proportional to the atomic number.
Thomas Henry "Tom" Goode (November 9, 1900 – September 12, 1983) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons, representing the district of Burnaby—Richmond from 1949 to 1957.
 His son, Thomas Henry Goode, later represented the same electoral district from 1968 to 1972.
 Tom Goode died in Surrey in 1983 of a heart attack.
Sir Thomas Henry Havelock FRS (24 June 1877, Newcastle-upon-Tyne – 1 August 1968) was an English applied mathematician, hydrodynamicist and mathematical physicist.
 He is known for Havelock's law (1907).
Thomas Henry Moray (August 28, 1892 - May 18, 1974) was an inventor from Salt Lake City, Utah.
 He received a US patent 2,460,707 in February 1949, after a process of 17 years in discussions with the patent office.
 The main components of the patent were an LC circuit resonator and a set of vacuum power tubes of diode type using uranium and radium power sources and doped germanium semiconductors on the cathodes.
 It was an early example of doped semiconductors and a forerunner of radioactive power supplies using radioactive isotopes in space research.
 Moray's device followed other work on nuclear batteries first done in 1913 by Henry Moseley using a radium source.
The Thomas Henry Thompson House is a historic house in St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin, United States, built in 1882.
 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 It was listed for its local significance in architecture and association with a significant individual.
 It is a locally notable example of Italianate architecture and was the home of business leader Thomas Henry Thompson, an Irish immigrant whose 1866 general store was the primary mercantile outfit in northwest Polk County.
 Thompson later served as vice-president of the Bank of St. Croix Falls, and was a local promoter of telephones and automobiles.
 He died in 1911.
Larry C. Olsen, PhD is Director of Research at City Labs, Inc, an early stage manufacturer of betavoltaic batteries for microelectronics based in Homestead, Florida.
 Dr. Olsen is a pioneer in the commercialization of betavoltaic technology due to his successful work in leading the development of the first commercially available betavoltaic nuclear battery at McDonnell Douglas Corporation in the 1970s.
[,] Several hundred of these batteries were fabricated and a large number were used to power implanted heart pacemakers[].
 Throughout his career, Dr. Olsen has published more than 80 articles in the fields of betavoltaics, photovoltaics, thermoelectric materials, and solid state physics.
 He has also earned several awards for his research, including the R&D 100 Award, presented each year by R&D Magazine to identify the 100 most significant, newly introduced research and development advances in multiple disciplines.
 (See Awards,below.)
Sir Charles Drummond Ellis FRS (b.Hampstead, 11 August 1895; died Cookham 10 January 1980) was an English physicist and scientific administrator.
 His work on the magnetic spectrum of the beta-rays helped to develop a better understanding of nuclear structure.
