Honeyguides (family Indicatoridae) are near passerine bird species of the order Piciformes.
 They are also known as indicator birds, or honey birds, although the latter term is also used more narrowly to refer to species of the genus "Prodotiscus".
 They have an Old World tropical distribution, with the greatest number of species in Africa and two in Asia.
 These birds are best known for their interaction with humans.
 Honeyguides are noted and named for one or two species that will deliberately lead humans (but, contrary to popular claims, not honey badgers) directly to bee colonies, so that they can feast on the grubs and beeswax that are left behind.
In ecology and forestry, yellow pine refers to a number of pine species which tend to grow in similar plant communities and yield similar strong wood.
 In the Western United States, yellow pine refers to Jeffrey pine or ponderosa pine.
 In the Southern United States, yellow pine refers to longleaf pine, shortleaf pine, slash pine, or Loblolly pine.
 In the United Kingdom, yellow pine refers to Eastern white pine or Scots pine.
Ocimum is a genus of aromatic annual and perennial herbs and shrubs in the family Lamiaceae, native to the tropical and warm temperate regions of all 6 inhabited continents, with the greatest number of species in Africa.
 Its best known species are the cooking herb Cooking basil, "O. basilicum" and the medicinal herb Tulsi (holy basil), "O. tenuiflorum".
Tillandsioideae is a subfamily of plants in the bromeliad family Bromeliaceae.
 This group contains the fewest genera (9) but the greatest number of species (1,277).
 Most are epiphytic or lithophytic, growing in trees or on rocks where they absorb water and nutrients from the air.
 Spanish moss of the "Tillandsia" genus is a well-known variety.
 Bromeliads in the genera "Guzmania" and "Vriesia" are the more commonly cultivated members of this subfamily.
File sharing in Canada relates to the distribution of digital media in that country.
 Canada had the greatest number of file sharers by percentage of population in the world according to a 2004 report by the OECD.
 In 2009 however it was found that Canada had only the tenth greatest number of copyright infringements in the world according to a report by BayTSP, a U.S. anti-piracy company.
Lophodermium is a genus of fungi within the family Rhytismataceae.
 The genus contains 145 species and has a global distribution.
 Species of this genus are usually observed producing zone lines, conidiomata and ascomata on dead fallen leaves, but at least some are known to colonize living leaves.
 In many cases they then live inside the colonized leaf as a symptomless endobiont, where they are regarded as detritivores utilising dead plant matter.
 In a few cases they may kill all or part of the leaf prematurely, and there is a substantial literature dealing with those species as plant pathogens.
 The genus infects many different plant families but with a notable concentration in the family Pinaceae; many "Lophodermium" species are restricted to a single host genus (or even species), but some, particularly those infecting grasses, may infect several genera.
 Some are economically important plant pathogens, such as those that cause needlecast disease in European Black Pine, Scots Pine and Red Pine in forestry and christmas tree plantations.
 In these species, notably "L. pinastri" and "L. seditiosum", the fungal spores disperse and infect the pine needles in late summer, which turn brown by the following spring and then fall off.
They are marine animals with a leathery skin and an elongated body containing a single, branched gonad.
 Sea cucumbers are found on the sea floor worldwide.
 The number of holothurian ( ) species worldwide is about 1,717 with the greatest number being in the Asia Pacific region.
 Many of these are gathered for human consumption and some species are cultivated in aquaculture systems.
 The harvested product is variously referred to as "trepang", "bêche-de-mer" or "balate".
 Sea cucumbers serve a useful role in the marine ecosystem as they help recycle nutrients, breaking down detritus and other organic matter after which bacteria can continue the degradation process.
Pomatorhinus is a genus of scimitar babblers, jungle birds with long downcurved bills.
 These are birds of tropical Asia, with the greatest number of species occurring in hills of the Himalayas.
The Quinault Rain Forest is a temperate rain forest, which is part of the Olympic National Park and the Olympic National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington in Grays Harbor County and Jefferson County.
 The rain forest is located in the valley formed by the Quinault River and Lake Quinault.
 The valley is called the "Valley of the Rain Forest Giants" because of the number of record size tree species located there.
 The largest specimens of Western Red Cedar, Sitka Spruce, Western Hemlock, Alaskan Cedar and Mountain Hemlock are found in the forest as well as five of the ten largest Douglas-firs.
 The forest receives an average of 12 feet of rain per year.
 It is believed to be the area with the greatest number of record size giant tree species in the smallest area in the world.
 It does have the largest trees in the world outside of the state of California and New Zealand.
The water-plantains (Alismataceae) are a family of flowering plants, comprising 11 genera and between 85 and 95 species.
 The family has a cosmopolitan distribution, with the greatest number of species in temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere.
 Most of the species are herbaceous aquatic plants growing in marshes and ponds.
