Podsafe Music Network (PMN) was the primary archive of podsafe music (music available for use in podcasting without significant licensing difficulties) on the internet.
 It was established by Mevio, a podcast production company founded by Adam Curry and Ron Bloom, in the summer of 2005.
 The network's website provides tools for musicians and for podcasters, and also makes streamed music available to the casual listener.
The Swansea City Opera is a touring opera company founded in Swansea, Wales in May 2004.
 The company incorporates elements of Opera Box Limited, a touring opera company founded in 1989.
 Since its launch the opera has toured to 91 venues across the United Kingdom.
 The company places particular emphasis on touring within Wales, especially within Objective 1 and Communities First areas where performances are given at subsidised cost.
D. Appleton & Company was an American company founded by Daniel Appleton (December 10, 1785 – March 27, 1849), who opened a general store which included books.
 He published his first book in 1831.
 The company's publications gradually extended over the entire field of literature.
 It issued the works of contemporary scientists at moderate prices, for example, Herbert Spencer, John Tyndall, Thomas Huxley, Charles Darwin, etc.
 Medical books formed a special department, and books in the Spanish language for the South American market were a specialty which the firm made its own.
 In "belles lettres" and American history it had a strong list of names among its authors.
Bogle-L’Ouverture Publications (BLP) is a radical London-based publishing company founded in 1968 by Guyanese activists Jessica Huntley (23 February 1927 – 13 October 2013) and Eric Huntley (born 25 September 1929).
 Named in honour of two outstanding liberation fighters in Caribbean history, Toussaint L'Ouverture and Paul Bogle, the company began operating during a period in the UK when "books by Black authors or written with a sympathetic view of Black people’s history and culture were rare in mainstream bookshops in the UK."
 Alongside New Beacon Books (founded in 1966) and Allison & Busby (founded in 1967), BLP was one of the first black-owned independent publishing companies in the UK.
 BLP has been described as "a small, unorthodox, self-financing venture that brought a radical perspective to non-fiction, fiction, poetry and children's books."
Simon Bloom is a series of young adult novels by Michael Reisman.
 Set in the fictional town of Lawnville, New Jersey, it is about a boy who finds a book that lets him control the laws of physics.
 The first of the books was optioned by Universal Pictures after a bidding war over the manuscript.
Joshua Simon Bloom (born June 8, 1974 in Washington, D.C.) is an American astrophysicist, full professor of astronomy at the University of California, Berkeley, and was the CTO and co-founder of the machine-learning company wise.io (acquired by General Electric, 2016).
 He received a Bachelor of Arts in astronomy and astrophysics and physics from the Harvard College in 1996, an M.Phil from Cambridge University in 1997, and a PhD in astronomy from the California Institute of Technology in 2002.
 He was a Junior Fellow of the Harvard Society of Fellows from 2002 to 2005.
 His astronomy research focuses on gamma-ray bursts and other astrophysical transients such as supernovae and tidal disruption events.
 He is author of the book "What Are Gamma-Ray Bursts?"
 published by Princeton University Press in 2011.
Applewood Books is a book publishing company founded by Phil Zuckerman in 1976.
 They specialize in publishing exacting recreations of historic books, including complex reprints of children's art and pop-up books and other books published by methods which duplicate antique publishing techniques.
 They have more than 2000 titles in print.
 In recent years, the company has been working to increase the number of reprints it publishes.
 In 2007, the company published over 300 titles.
Sounds True is a multimedia publishing company founded in 1985 by Tami Simon, with the mission of disseminating spiritual wisdom.
 The company is based in Louisville, Colorado, near Boulder, Colorado.
 The company publishes over 800 spoken-word audio and music recordings, books, multimedia learning resources, and online educational programs from those prominent in the fields of spirituality, psychology, health, and healing, including NY-Times bestselling authors Eckhart Tolle, Pema Chodron, Geneen Roth, Jon Kabat-Zinn, Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Andrew Weil, Brené Brown, and Caroline Myss.
 The company organizes and hosts an annual event, dedicated to personal growth and spiritual transformation, called The Wake Up Festival, in August of each year, in Estes Park, Colorado.
Field Enterprises was a private holding company founded on August 31, 1944, by Marshall Field III and others whose main asset was the "Chicago Sun".
 That same year the company acquired the book publishers Simon & Schuster and Pocket Books.
Simon & Schuster, Inc. ( ), a subsidiary of CBS Corporation, is an American publishing company founded in New York City in 1924 by Richard Simon and Max Schuster.
 As of 2016, Simon & Schuster publishes 2,000 titles annually under 35 different imprints.
