Jonathan Ornstein is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mesa Air Group, Inc., and was appointed effective May 1, 1998.
 From April 1996 to his joining the company as Chief Executive Officer, Ornstein served as President and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Virgin Express, a European airline.
 From 1995 to April 1996, Ornstein served as Chief Executive Officer of Virgin Express Holdings, Inc.
 Ornstein joined Continental Express as President and Chief Executive Officer in July 1994 and, in November 1994, was named Senior Vice President, Airport Services at Continental Airlines.
 Ornstein was previously employed by the company from 1988 to 1994, as Executive Vice President and as President of the company’s WestAir Holding, Inc., subsidiary.
Enterprise Holdings, Inc. is an American holding company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri.
 It is the parent company of car rental companies Enterprise Rent-A-Car, National Car Rental, Alamo Rent a Car, and Enterprise CarShare.
 The holding company was formed in 2009 as a result of Enterprise Rent-A-Car's 2007 acquisition of Vanguard Automotive Group, the parent company of National Car Rental and Alamo Rent a Car.
 Enterprise ranks as the largest car rental company in the United States.
 The company sells its used cars through Enterprise Car Sales.
 It is owned by the Taylor family
Enterprise Rent-A-Car is an American car rental company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri, United States in Greater St. Louis.
 In addition to car rental, Enterprise also oversees commercial fleet management, used car sales, and commercial truck rental operations.
Sixt SE is a European multinational car rental company with about 4,000 locations in over 105 countries.
 Sixt SE acts as a parent and holding company of the Sixt Group, which is internationally active in the business areas of vehicle rental and leasing.
 The majority of the company (60%) is owned by the Sixt family, who manage the company.
 The remaining share is tradeable stock: SIX2 (XETRA).
 It is the largest car rental company in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Israel.
The Hertz Corporation, a subsidiary of Hertz Global Holdings Inc., is an American car rental company based in Estero, Florida that operates 9,700 international corporate and franchisee locations.
 As the second-largest US car rental company by sales, locations, and fleet size, Hertz operates in 150 countries, including North America, Europe, Latin America, Africa, Asia, Australia, The Caribbean, the Middle East, and New Zealand.
 The Hertz Corporation owns Dollar and Thrifty Automotive Group - which separates into Thrifty Car Rental and Dollar Rent A Car.
WhizzGo is a United Kingdom car rental company that provides rental cars in more than 258 countries worldwide.
 The company started as a pay-by-the-hour service based in the United Kingdom.
 Since July 2017 it is restructured and is now providing car rental services by price comparing rates of most of the rent-a-car suppliers worldwide.
Localiza is a Brazilian car rental company founded in 1973 in Belo Horizonte and is the biggest car rental in Latin America and one of the largest in the world by size of the fleet or market capitalization.
Siddharth N. "Bobby" Mehta was former CEO and vice chairman of HSBC North America.
 Mehta served as an Advisor of TransUnion since December 31, 2012.
 Mehta serves as consultant of TransUnion.
 He served the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion from August 2007 to December 31, 2012, and Transunion Financing Corp. until December 31, 2012.
 From May 2007 to July 2007, he served as a consultant to the board of directors at TransUnion.
 He served as the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion until December 31, 2012.
 He served as the chief executive officer of TransUnion LLC.
 He served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of HSBC Finance Corporation from April 2005 to February 2007.
 He served as chief executive officer and president of TransUnion LLC from 2007 to 2012.
 From 1998 to 2007, he held a variety of positions with HSBC Finance Corporation and HSBC North America Holdings, Inc.
 Mehta served as chief executive officer of HSBC North America until February 2007.
 Mehta served as consultant of TransUnion since May 2007 until July 2007.
 Mehta served as group managing director of HSBC Holdings PLC of HSBC Finance Corp. since April 30, 2005, and its unit chief executive officer since March 2005.
 He served as the chief executive of HS BC North America Holdings Inc., of HSBC Finance Corp., from March 2005 to February 15, 2007.
 He served as an executive chairman of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited since April 2005 and served as its chief executive officer from April 2005 to February 15, 2007.
 He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC Bank USA, N.A. until February 2007.
 He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC North America Holdings Inc. since March 2005.
 He served as chairman and chief executive officer of HSBC Financial Corp., Ltd.
 He oversaw HSBC's global credit card services, its North American consumer lending and mortgage services businesses and its first mortgage operation.
 He was also responsible for corporate marketing, strategic planning and corporate development for HSBC North America Holdings Inc. and had responsibility for the strategic management of credit cards throughout the HSBC Group.
 Mehta served as group executive of Credit Card Services, Auto Finance and Canada of Household International Inc., since July 2002.
 He worked at MasterCard’s U.S. region board since March 2000.
 Mehta joined Household International Inc., in 1998.
 He served as senior vice president of The Boston Consulting Group in Los Angeles and co-leader of Boston Consulting Group Financial Services Practice in the United States.
 Mehta served as a director of Global Board of MasterCard Incorporated since March 17, 2005.
 He served as unit chairman of HSBC Holdings PLC and served as its board member since March 2005.
 He served as vice chairman and director of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited., (Formerly Household International Inc.).
 He has been a director of Avant Credit Corporation since December 18, 2014.
 He has been an independent director of The Allstate Corporation since February 19, 2014.
 He serves as a member of the advisory board at Core2 Group, Inc.
 He has been non-executive independent director at Piramal Enterprises Ltd since April 1, 2013.
 He serves on the boards of Datacard, Chicago Public Education Fund, University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, The Economic Club of Chicago, The Field Museum and Myelin Repair Foundation.
 He serves as a director of TransUnion Corp. and TransUnion LLC.
 He served as a director of MasterCard International Inc. (also known as MasterCard Worldwide) (formerly, MasterCard Inc.), since March 17, 2005.
 He served as a director of HSBC Financial Corp.
 Ltd.
 He has been a director of TransUnion since April 2012.
 Mehta serves on the board of international advisors for the Monterey, California, Institute of International Studies and is a member of the Financial Services Roundtable.
 He also serves on the board of advisors for the Myelin Repair Foundation.
 Mehta holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the London School of Economics and Masters of Business Administration from the University of Chicago.
 He stepped down as head of the North American unit after the lender raised its forecast for bad loans in the U.S.
 He is of Indian descent.
Irish Car Rentals is a car rental company headquartered in Santry, Dublin that provides car rental services in Ireland.
 The Irish Car Rentals was the owner of GoCar, the first car sharing service in Ireland and has the Europcar franchise in Ireland.
Payless Car Rental, Inc. is a car rental company owned by Avis Budget Group and headquartered in St. Petersburg, Florida.
 While mainly a franchise system, the company owns and operates several corporate locations.
 Payless Car Rental, Payless Car Sales, Payless Parking and REZlink International are sister companies under the umbrella of Avalon Global Group.
