Gap Band IV is the sixth album (contrary to the title) by The Gap Band, released in 1982 on Total Experience Records.
 The album reached #1 on the Black Albums chart and #14 on the Pop Albums chart, achieved platinum status, and is considered their most successful project.
The Occupy the Hood movement is a nationwide grassroots movement in the United States that is an extension of Occupy Wall Street and of the Occupy Movement generally.
 The movement started in response to how the Occupy Wall Street movement was developing after its initial encampment in Zuccotti Park.
 Occupy the Hood seeks to represent the interests of oppressed people and to bring people of color into the Occupy Movement.
 The movement has been especially active in its attempts to decolonize the Occupy Movement.
 Occupy the Hood was created by Malik Rhasaan, from Jamaica, Queens.
 Occupy the hood chapters exist in the U.S. cities of Atlanta, Boston, Indianapolis, Los Angeles, Milwaukee, New York City, New York, and other major metropolitan cities.
Gap Band VI is the eighth album (contrary to the title) by The Gap Band, released in 1984 on Total Experience Records.
 It was originally intended to be lead singer Charlie Wilson's first solo album, and the first Gap Band album released under Total Experience's new distribution deal with RCA Records.
 The album reached #1 on the Black Albums chart for 2 weeks in March 1985.
 In October 29, 2012 the remastered and expanded album including 5 bonus tracks was released by Big Break Records.
"Humpin'" is a 1980 song by The Gap Band, from their fifth album "The Gap Band III" released as a single in 1981.
 The original B-side, "No Hiding Place", was originally released on "The Gap Band II".
 The song had mixed chart success, only peaking at #60 R&B, but busting into the top-20 on the dance charts.
 "Humpin'" is a fan-favorite, featured on almost all of the band's compilation albums Like their previous release, "Burn Rubber on Me", "Humpin'" was later packaged and placed as part of a single with "Yearning for Your Love" as the A-side.
Greenwood is a neighborhood in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
 As one of the most prominent concentrations of African-American businesses in the United States during the early 20th century, it was popularly known as America's "Black Wall Street" until the Tulsa race riot of 1921, in which the Oklahoma state government with the assistance of Tulsa's white residents massacred hundreds of black residents and razed the neighborhood within hours.
 The riot was one of the most devastating massacres in the history of U.S. race relations, destroying the once thriving Greenwood community.
Stop Snitchin–Stop Lyin is the sixth mixtape album/DVD by rapper The Game.
 It features artists like Lil' Kim, Ice Cube, E-40, Chingy, WC, Paul Wall and others.
 This mixtape is the third of three diss mixtapes aimed at the G-Unit members.
 It is quite possibly the most popular of the three due to the DVD advertisement.
 It also features disses by other Black Wall Street Members.
 Repeatedly DJ Clue says "Come on Game it's the last one" suggesting there would be no more diss tracks or mixtapes aimed at G-Unit any more.
 The track "Niggaz Bleed" is rumoured to be a subliminal diss to Suge Knight, however, there is no solid evidence to support this.
The Gap Band has released over 30 albums.
 Since their inception in 1974, the Gap Band has released 15 studio albums, 13 compilation albums and 2 live albums.
 They released nine self-titled albums (including two of the same name).
 Each album does not reflect which number they released, only which point it is in the series ("Gap Band IV", for example, is actually their sixth album).
Gap Gold: The Best of The Gap Band is a greatest hits album by American group The Gap Band.
 It was released on March 1985 by Total Experience Records.
 The album contains most of his commercially successful singles from 1974–1984.
John Mitchell Jr. (July 11, 1863 – December 3, 1929) was an American businessman, newspaper editor, African American civil rights activist, and politician in Richmond, Virginia, particularly in Richmond's Jackson Ward, which became known as the “Black Wall Street of America.”
 An African American, as editor of the "Richmond Planet", he frequently published articles in favor of racial equality.
 In 1904, he organized a black boycott of the city's segregated trolley system.
Wall Street Reform or Financial Reform refers to reform of the financial industry and the regulation of the financial industry in the United States.
 Wall Street is the home of the country's two largest stock exchanges, and "Wall Street" is a metonym for the American financial sector.
 Major Wall Street reform bills include the Federal Reserve Act of 1913, the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933, the Truth in Lending Act of 1968, the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act of 1999, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
 The most recent Wall Street reform bill, the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, was signed by President of the United States Barack Obama on July 22, 2010, following a global financial crisis.
