The royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom, or the Royal Arms for short, is the official coat of arms of the British monarch, currently Queen Elizabeth II.
 These arms are used by the Queen in her official capacity as monarch of the United Kingdom.
 Variants of the Royal Arms are used by other members of the British royal family; and by the British government in connection with the administration and government of the country.
 In Scotland, there exists a separate version of the Royal Arms, a variant of which is used by the Scotland Office.
 The arms in banner form serve as basis for the monarch's official flag, known as the "Royal Standard".
The Crown Estate is a collection of lands and holdings in the United Kingdom belonging to the British monarch as a corporation sole, making it the "Sovereign's public estate", which is neither government property nor part of the monarch's private estate.
 As a result of this arrangement, the sovereign is not involved with the management or administration of the estate, exercising only very limited control of its affairs.
 Instead, the estate's extensive portfolio is overseen by a semi-independent, incorporated public body headed by the Crown Estate Commissioners, who exercise "the powers of ownership" of the estate, although they are not "owners in their own right".
 The revenues from these hereditary possessions have been placed by the monarch at the disposition of Her Majesty's Government and thus proceed directly to Her Majesty's Treasury for the benefit of the British nation.
 The Crown Estate is formally accountable to the Parliament of the United Kingdom, where it is legally mandated to make an annual report to the sovereign, a copy of which is forwarded to the House of Commons.
The "black spider" memos are letters and memos written by Charles, Prince of Wales, to British government ministers and politicians over the years.
 As the modern British monarch remains politically neutral by tradition, the letters are controversial because of Prince of Wales' position as the eldest child of the British monarch Queen Elizabeth II and heir apparent to the British throne.
Gertrude Courtenay, Marchioness of Exeter, née "Gertrude Blount" (born before 1504, died 1558), was an English Marchioness, married to Henry Courtenay, 1st Marquess of Exeter and a member of the court of Henry VIII of England.
 She was a godmother to the future Elizabeth I.
Susanna Leveson-Gower, Marchioness of Stafford (née Lady Susanna Stewart) (1742–1805), styled Lady Susanna Stewart from 1742 to 1768, Countess Gower until 1786, Marchioness of Stafford until 1803 and Dowager Marchioness of Stafford until her death in 1805, was a British noblewoman, who in 1768 became the wife of Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford and a member of the Leveson-Gower family.
Rosemary Pratt, Marchioness Camden (9 May 1921 – 27 February 2004), born Cecil Rosemary Pawle, was a British socialite and artist, best known as the first wife of Group Captain Peter Townsend, who later became romantically involved with Princess Margaret of the United Kingdom.
The chief governor was the senior official in the Dublin Castle administration, which maintained English and British rule in Ireland from the 1170s to 1922.
 The chief governor was the viceroy of the English monarch (and later the British monarch) and presided over the Privy Council of Ireland.
 In some periods he was in effective charge of the administration, subject only to the monarch in England; in others he was a figurehead and power was wielded by others.
In the British peerage, a royal duke is a duke who is a member of the British Royal Family, entitled to the style of "His Royal Highness".
 Royal dukedoms are the highest titles in the British roll of peerage.
 They are titles created for legitimate sons and male line grandsons of the British monarch, usually upon reaching their majority or marriage.
 The titles can be inherited but cease to be "royal" once they pass beyond the grandsons of a monarch.
 As with any peerage, once the title becomes extinct, it may subsequently be recreated by the reigning monarch at any time.
Grace Elvina Curzon, Marchioness Curzon of Kedleston, GBE ("née" Trillia Hinds; 16 May 1885 – 29 June 1958) was a United States-born British marchioness and the second wife of George Curzon, British parliamentarian, cabinet minister, and former Viceroy of India.
Marquess Camden is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1812 for the politician John Pratt, 2nd Earl Camden.
 The Pratt family descends from Sir John Pratt, Lord Chief Justice from 1718 to 1725.
 His third son from his second marriage, Sir Charles Pratt, was also a prominent lawyer and politician and served as Lord Chancellor between 1766 and 1770.
 In 1765 he was raised to the Peerage of Great Britain as Baron Camden, of Camden Place in the County of Kent, and in 1786 he was further honoured when he was created Viscount Bayham, of Bayham Abbey in the County of Kent, and Earl Camden.
 These titles are also in the Peerage of Great Britain.
 Lord Camden was married to Elizabeth, daughter of Nicholas Jeffreys, of The Priory, Brecknockshire, in Wales.
