Bob Boilen is the current host and the creator of NPR's online music show "All Songs Considered".
 He is also the creator of the Tiny Desk Concert series for NPR Music, hosting intimate performances at his desk.
 The series curated by Boilen and the team of NPR Music was inspired by a comment made by NPR Music's Stephen Thompson when he jokingly invited musician Laura Gibson to perform at Bob's desk.
 The two of them went to see Gibson at a show at SXSW in 2008 and the loud crowd made it impossible to hear her.
 The name of the series is a play on the name Tiny Desk Unit, a band Boilen played in from 1979-1981.
 Bob Boilen was the director of the NPR show "All Things Considered" (1989–2007) and chose the music between the news stories for that show.
 Those musical snippets or "buttons" was the starting point for the creation of "All Songs Considered".
All Songs Considered is a weekly online multimedia program started in January 2000 by NPR's "All Things Considered" director Bob Boilen.
 At first, the show featured information and streaming audio about the songs used as bumper music on "All Things Considered".
 The program has turned into a source of discovery for new music of all genres.
 In August 2005, the program began podcasting for free.
 In 2005, it began webcasting and podcasting live concerts from Washington, D.C.'s , including acts such as Animal Collective, The Decemberists, Neko Case and Tom Waits.
Dijana Čuljak (born 1968) is a Croatian television host.
 She began to work as a reporter for Croatian Radiotelevision during the Croat-Bosniak war.
 She was also an editor of Otvoreno talk show.
 Today she is a news editor on Croatian Radiotelevision.
 Her role in 1993 Vranica Case is by many Bosniaks and Croats considered controversial.
 Vranica case was a massacre committed by Croatian forces during the HVO attack on Bosniak population in Mostar in May 1993.
United Pursuit (also known as, United Pursuit Band) is an American Christian music worship band from Knoxville, Tennessee, where they started making music in 2008, but were founded in 2006.
 They have released two live albums, "Live at the Banks House" (2010), and "Simple Gospel" (2015).
 The 2015 album was their breakthrough release upon the "Billboard" magazine charts.
 Aside from live recordings, United Pursuit has produced several studio records, the first of which was "Radiance" in 2008, which was a compilation of music written by several of the United Pursuit artists.
 Other studio records put out by United Pursuit featured a particular United Pursuit artist.
 Two of these records, "In the Night Season" (2009) and "Endless Years" (2012) featured Will Reagan and were released under the brands "Will Reagan and United Pursuit Band" and "Will Reagan and United Pursuit".
 "The Wild Inside" (2014) featured Michael Ketterer and was released under the brand "Michael Ketterer and United Pursuit".
 United Pursuit is also known for their weekly Tuesday gatherings from which many of their songs were written.
 These gatherings were birthed in a residence on Banks Ave in a North Knoxville neighborhood.
 This residence is commonly referred to now as the Banks House.
 Over the course of several years, these gatherings have grown in number, pushing United Pursuit and others out of the Banks House and into, at one point, a larger living room and eventually other commercial and public spaces.
 After much transition, United Pursuit's Tuesday gatherings found a home at a renovated commercial space near downtown Knoxville.
 This space, now commonly referred to as the Fifth Avenue House, continues to grow as a commercial space and currently caters to both United Pursuit and independent events such as wedding, concerts, etc..
.
 The music released and the Tuesday gatherings held by United Pursuit over the years has been the product of their humble beginning with a simple desire to commune with God and each other.
 The name United Pursuit is in itself reflective of the heart of the United Pursuit community, "doing life together as we seek God through both song and relationship with others".
Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches is a collection of essays and speeches by Audre Lorde, poet and feminist writer.
 The book is considered a classic volume of Lorde's most influential works of non-fiction prose and has been groundbreaking and formative in the development of contemporary feminist theories.
 In fifteen essays and speeches dating from 1976 to 1984, Lorde explores the complexities of intersectional identity, drawing from her personal experiences with oppression, including sexism, heterosexism, racism, homophobia, classism, and ageism.
 The book examines a broad range of topics, including love, war, imperialism, police brutality, coalition building, violence against women, Black feminism, and movements towards equality.
 Lorde's distrust for and internalization of the widespread system of dominant values within the United States is apparent throughout the collection.
 The work is considered controversial as Lorde expresses unapologetic anger at the injustices of society.
 The essays in this collection are extensively taught and have become a popular subject of academic analysis.
 Lorde's theorizing of oppressions as complex and interlocking within the collection are considered a significant contribution to critical social theory.
Karnadi Anemer Bangkong (English: "Karnadi the Frog Contractor" ; also known as Karnadi Tangkep Bangkong, meaning "Karnadi Catches Frogs" ) is a 1930 comedy from the Dutch East Indies directed by G. Krugers.
 It is considered the country's first talkie, although parts were silent and the sound quality was poor.
 Based on a popular Sundanese novel, the film was considered controversial by the native audience.
Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian (1964) is a concept album, the twentieth album released by singer Johnny Cash on Columbia Records.
 It is one of several Americana records by Cash.
 This one focuses on the history of Native Americans in the United States and their problems.
 Cash believed that his ancestry included Cherokee, which partly inspired his work on this recording.
 The songs in this album address the harsh and unfair treatment of the indigenous peoples of North America by Europeans and the United States.
 Two deal with 20th-century issues affecting the Seneca and Pima peoples.
 It was considered controversial and rejected by some radio stations and fans.
Hirsute Pursuit is an American industrial/EDM group from New York City, formed by Bryin Dall and Harley Phoenix in 2006-2007.
 The band collaborates frequently with artists such as Peter Christopherson (before his death in 2010), Boyd Rice and many others.
 Thematically, the group focuses on homosexuality, gay sex, and the gay bear subculture.
 Due to the controversial and explicit nature of many of their songs, the band has frequently dealt with their videos being taken down off YouTube.
 The band is known for their cover of David Bowie's 1979 song "Boys Keep Swinging" with Boyd Rice providing vocals.
"Money for Nothing" is a single by British rock band Dire Straits, taken from their 1985 studio album "Brothers in Arms".
 The song's lyrics, considered controversial at the time of the song's release, are written from the point of view of a working-class man watching music videos and commenting on what he sees.
 The song features a guest appearance by Sting singing background vocals, providing both the signature falsetto introduction and backing chorus of, "I want my MTV."
 The groundbreaking video was the first to be aired on MTV Europe when the network launched on 1 August 1987.
The Dubliners were an Irish folk band founded in Dublin in 1962.
 The band started off as "The Ronnie Drew Ballad Group", named in honour of its founding member; they subsequently renamed themselves as The Dubliners.
 The group line-up saw many changes over their fifty-year career.
 However, the group's success was centred on lead singers Luke Kelly and Ronnie Drew.
 The band garnered international success with their lively Irish folk songs, traditional street ballads and instrumentals.
 The band were regulars on the folk scenes in both Dublin and London in the early 1960s, and were signed to the Major Minor label in 1965 after backing from Dominic Behan.
 They went on to receive extensive airplay on Radio Caroline, and eventually appeared on "Top of the Pops" in 1967 with hits "Seven Drunken Nights" (which sold over 250,000 copies in the UK) and "The Black Velvet Band".
 Often performing political songs considered controversial at the time, they drew criticism from some folk purists and Ireland’s national broadcaster RTÉ had placed an unofficial ban on their music from 1967–71.
 During this time the band's popularity began to spread across mainland Europe and they appeared on "The Ed Sullivan Show" in the United States.
 The group's success remained steady right through the 1970s and a number of collaborations with The Pogues in 1987 saw them enter the UK Singles Chart on another two occasions.
