John Chapman (November 25, 1928 - May 2, 1980) was one of the most successful trainers and drivers in the sport of harness racing.
 He died unexpectedly at age 51 shortly after his ongoing career had been recognized with induction into his sport's Halls of Fame in both Canada and the United States.
 He grew up playing ice hockey and would Captain the Toronto St. Michael's Majors team of the Ontario Junior Hockey League.
Obadiah J. Barker, Jr. (October 31, 1856 – July 1908) was a Los Angeles business man and the founder and president of the furniture company, Barker Brothers.
 Born in Bloomfield, Indiana, Barker moved with his family to Colorado Springs, Colorado as a young man.
 He attended Colorado College and also attended dental school in St. Louis.
 However, he did not complete dental school and moved to Los Angeles with his parents and brothers in 1880.
 The family began a successful furniture business on Spring Street in Los Angeles.
 The company became one of the world's biggest house-furnishing stores.
 Barker died suddenly at the Lankershim Hotel in July 1908 at age 51.
Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... (English: "Sometimes there's Happiness, Sometimes there's Sorrow"), also known as K3G, is a 2001 Indian family drama film written and directed by Karan Johar and produced by Yash Johar.
 The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Jaya Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol, Hrithik Roshan and Kareena Kapoor in leading roles, with Rani Mukerji appearing in an extended cameo appearance.
 The music was composed by Jatin Lalit, Sandesh Shandilya and Aadesh Shrivastava, with lyrics penned by Sameer and Anil Pandey.
 The background score was composed by Babloo Chakravarty.
 The film tells the story of an Indian family, which faces troubles and misunderstandings over their adopted son's marriage to a girl belonging to a lower socio-economic group than them.
Kash… Aap Hamare Hote (Translation: Wish... You Were Mine) is a 2003 Bollywood drama film.
 The film starred Juhi Babbar in her film debut and was directed by Ravindra Peepat.
 The original music is by Aadesh Shrivastava.
Star Voice of India was an Indian television singing competition that premiered on 18 May 2007 and ended on 24 November 2007.
 It was the first Indian singing competition produced by STAR Plus.
 The show was directed by Gajendra Singh, creator of the famous Sa Re Ga Ma Pa series, and produced by Urban Brew Studios.
 It also featured judges that were on the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa series, Aadesh Shrivastava, Abhijeet Bhattacharya, Alka Yagnik, Lalit Pandit and Jatin Pandit.
 Shaan, who had previously been hosting Sa Re Ga Ma Pa.
 The winner of the show was Ishmeet Singh Sodhi.
Angaaray is a 1998 Indian Hindi action film produced by Madhu Ramesh Behl on Rose Movies Combines banner, directed by Mahesh Bhatt.
 It stars Akshay Kumar, Nagarjuna, Pooja Bhatt, Sonali Bendre in lead roles and music is composed by Anu Malik & Aadesh Shrivastava.
 It was a "hit" at the box office.
Hero Honda - Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2009 is the 3rd installment of the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge series which premiered on July 4, 2008 on Zee TV.
 The show is hosted by Aditya Narayan, who also hosted the previous competition Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007.
 This show features three new mentors, Aadesh Shrivastava, Shankar Mahadevan and Pritam, who join Himesh Reshammiya, who was a judge in the previous edition.
Aadesh Shrivastava (आदेश श्रीवास्तव) (4 September 1964 – 5 September 2015) was a music composer and singer of Indian music.
 Over the course of his career, he had composed music for over 100 Hindi films.
 Just a day after he turned 51, he died of cancer in Kokilaben Hospital.
Monty Sharma (born April 17, 1970) is a music composer from India scoring music for Bollywood.
 He is popular for being the background music composer for "Black" (2005), "Ram-Leela" (2013) and music director for "Saawariya" (2007).
 He is cousin of famous Indian music composer Mithoon & nephew of famous music composer Pyarelal Sharma of popular Indian music composer duo Laxmikant–Pyarelal.
Horace Cecil Hunt, born London, 13 September 1902, died London, 13 July 1954, age 51 years, was a prolific journalist, editor, novelist and anthologist, who is best known for his collections of unintended errors made by British schoolchildren in their examinations and written work, commonly known as 'howlers'.
