Henry Cohen, 1st Baron Cohen of Birkenhead (21 February 1900 – 7 August 1977) was a British physician, doctor and lecturer.
 He was famous for his Harveian Oration at the Royal College of Physicians in 1970, on the motion of blood in the veins.
 Cohen was elected to the chair of medicine at the University of Liverpool in 1934.
 When the Central Health Services Council was formed in 1949, he became its vice-chairman, and chairman in 1957.
 Knighted in 1949, he was President of the British Medical Association from 1951.
 After a coronary thrombosis in the following year, Cohen decided to devote his life to the greater work of teaching.
 He was raised to the peerage as Baron Cohen of Birkenhead, of Birkenhead in the County Palatine of Chester, on 16 June 1956 and was elected President of the General Medical Council in 1961.
 In 1964, he became President of the Royal Society of Medicine, receiving the society's gold medal in 1971.
 He also opened the assembly hall of the King David School, Liverpool.
Earl of Birkenhead was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1922 for the noted lawyer and Conservative politician F. E. Smith, 1st Viscount Birkenhead.
 He was Solicitor-General in 1915, Attorney-General from 1915 to 1919 and Lord High Chancellor from 1919 to 1922.
 Smith had already been created a Baronet in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1918, Baron Birkenhead, of Birkenhead in the County of Chester, in 1919, Viscount Birkenhead, of Birkenhead in the County of Chester, in 1921, and was made Viscount Furneaux, of Charlton in the County of Northampton, at the same time as he was given the earldom.
 The three peerages, like the earldom, were in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 Viscount Furneaux was used as the courtesy title by the heir apparent to the earldom; the title of this viscountcy derived from the maiden name of Lord Birkenhead's wife.
Charles Reed (later Charles Verelst) (1814 – 13 December 1859) was an English architect.
 He practised in Birkenhead, which was then in Cheshire and later in Merseyside.
 He was orphaned as a child and brought up by an uncle.
 When the uncle died, Reed inherited his estate at Aston Hall, near Rotherham, South Yorkshire, and changed his surname to Verelst.
 During the 1840s and 1850s he worked for Sir William Temple in laying out a housing estate in Claughton, and designing villas within that development.
 Two roads in the estate, Charlesville and Reedville, are named after him.
 In 1852–54 he was president of the Liverpool Architectural Society.
 In addition to designing buildings locally, Reed also carried out works further afield, including in North Wales, the Lake District, and Lytham, Lancashire.
 He was a commissioner of Birkenhead for many years.
 He died in Claughton, Birkenhead.
Birkenhead War Memorial, or Birkenhead Cenotaph, stands in Hamilton Square, Birkenhead, Merseyside, England, opposite the Town Hall.
 It consists of a cenotaph in Portland stone with carved figures and panels in Westmorland stone.
 The memorial was designed by Lionel Budden, and the sculptor was H. Tyson Smith.
 It was unveiled in 1925 by Sir Richard H. K. Butler.
 The memorial is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Anthony William "Tony" Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 3 March 1951) is the Director-General of the BBC.
Birkenhead Town Hall is a town hall and former civic building in Birkenhead, on the Wirral Peninsula, England.
 The building was the former administrative headquarters of the County Borough of Birkenhead, and more recently, council offices for the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral.
 Birkenhead Town Hall remains the location of the town's register office.
 However, since the closure of the Wirral Museum in 2010, the future purpose of the Grade II* listed building is uncertain.
Alexander Charles Beard CBE (born October 1963) was the deputy director of the Tate from 2002 to 2013.
 In March 2013, he was appointed as the new chief executive of the Royal Opera House, London, succeeding Tony Hall, who relinquished the post on his appointment as Director-General of the BBC.
 Beard took up the post at the ROH in September 2013.
70 Volt Parade was Trey Anastasio's backing band in 2005, formed after the breakup of Phish in August of the previous year.
 After writing and recording new material in late 2004 and early 2005, Anastasio began auditioning various musicians for his next project.
 This band essentially replaced Anastasio's first backup band that was together in different forms from 1999 to 2004.
 70 Volt Parade originally included Peter Chwazik on bass (later replaced by Tony Hall), Skeeto Valdez on drums (later replaced by Raymond Weber), Les Hall on guitar and keyboards, and Ray Paczkowski also on keyboards.
 In 2006, with Les Hall out of the lineup, and a new musical focus for Anastasio, the 70 Volt Parade name was dropped.
 
Alex Beard (born 1970) is an American artist born in New York City who is now based out of New Orleans.
 His work ranges from simple and representational to abstract.
 He frequently draws and paints African wildlife using his unique gestural style.
Baron Stanley of Alderley, in the County of Chester, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1839 for the politician and landowner Sir John Stanley, 7th Baronet.
 Upon his death in 1850, he was succeeded as 2nd Baron Stanley of Alderley and 8th Baronet of Alderley Hall by his son Edward, who was a prominent Liberal politician and notably served as President of the Board of Trade, Postmaster General and had in 1848 been created Baron Eddisbury, of Winnington in the County Palatine of Chester, in his own right.
 His wife Henrietta was a prominent campaigner for women's education.
 After his death, the Stanley of Alderley and Eddisbury baronies remained united; most holders have since chosen to be known as "Lord Stanley of Alderley".
 The 3rd Baron Stanley of Alderley had a career in the Diplomatic Service; as he was childless he was succeeded by his younger brother, the 4th Baron.
 He was Liberal Member of Parliament for Oldham.
 In 1909, the 4th Baron Stanley of Alderley acquired a further title when he succeeded his first cousin once removed, the Earl of Sheffield, according to a special remainder and thus inherited the title of 4th Baron Sheffield.
 After his death the titles passed to his son, the 5th Baron Stanley of Alderley.
 He was Liberal Member of Parliament for Eddisbury and also served as Governor of Victoria.
 His eldest son, the 6th Baron Stanley of Alderley, sold the family seat of Alderley Hall in 1938.
 He was married four times, the second time to Sylvia Ashley.
 On his death the titles passed to his younger brother, who preferred to be known as Lord Sheffield.
 He only held the titles for three months.
 s of 2013 the titles are held by the latter's cousin, the 9th Baron Stanley of Alderley, who succeeded his father in that year.
 He is the grandson of the Hon. Oliver Hugh Stanley, youngest son of the 4th Baron.
