Carmen is a 1918 German silent drama film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Pola Negri, Harry Liedtke and Leopold von Ledebur.
 It was based on the novella "Carmen" by Prosper Mérimée.
 Like Bizet's opera "Carmen", this film only adapts the third part of Mérimée's novella and transforms the character of Don José at the beginning of the story from bandit on the run to honest man in love with his childhood sweetheart.
 The film was released with English intertitles in the United States in 1921 under the alternative title Gypsy Blood.
The Story of Dida Ibsen (German:Dida Ibsens Geschichte) is a 1918 German silent drama film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Anita Berber, Conrad Veidt and Werner Krauss.
 It is an adaptation of Margarete Böhme's 1907 novel of the same title, a sequel to her best-known work "The Diary of a Lost Girl".
 It was one of a series of enlightenment films made by Oswald during the period.
Misled Youth (German:Verirrte Jugend) or Youth Gone Astray is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Richard Löwenbein and starring Fritz Alberti, Erna Morena and Dolly Davis.
 It was one of a number of enlightenment films during the Weimar Era that addressed the issue of juvenile delinquency.
 The film's art direction was by Hans Jacoby.
Children of No Importance or The Illegitimate (German: Die Unehelichen) is a 1926 German silent drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Bernhard Goetzke, Margarete Kupfer and Elsa Wagner.
 It was part of the series of Enlightenment films produced in Weimar Germany, examining social issues such as illegitimate children.
The House of Lies (German:Das Haus der Lüge) is a 1926 German silent drama film directed by Lupu Pick and starring Werner Krauss, Mary Johnson and Lucie Höflich.
 It is an adaptation of Ibsen's 1884 play "The Wild Duck".
 The film's art direction was by Albin Grau.
The Hunter of Fall (German: Der Jäger von Fall) is a 1918 German silent drama film directed by and starring Ludwig Beck.
 It is based on the 1883 novel "The Hunter of Fall" by Ludwig Ganghofer.
Anita Berber (10 June 1899 – 10 November 1928) was a German dancer, actress, and writer who was the subject of an Otto Dix painting.
 She lived during the Weimar period.
Gypsy Blood (German:Zigeunerblut) is a 1920 German silent film directed by Karl Otto Krause and starring Lya De Putti, Carl Fenz and Paul Hansen.
 It is based on Georges Bizet's "Carmen" and shout not be confused with the 1918 German silent "Carmen".
The Right to Love (German:Das Recht auf Liebe) is a 1930 German silent drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Georg Alexander, Evelyn Holt and Georgia Lind.
 The film addresses the issue of the rights of ex-soldiers made impotent by war wounds to get married.
 It is in the Weimar tradition of Enlightenment films.
The Right of the Unborn (German: Das Recht der Ungeborenen) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Adolf Trotz and starring Maly Delschaft, Elizza La Porta and Hans Adalbert Schlettow.
 The film is in the Weimar tradition of Enlightenment films.
 It examines the question of abortion of unborn children.
 Unlike several other German films of the era, it is generally anti-abortion.
 The film's art direction is by Hans Jacoby.
