Helena (pronunciation hel-LE-nah) is a city in Jefferson and Shelby Counties in the state of Alabama.
 Helena is considered a suburb of Birmingham and part of the Birmingham-Hoover Metropolitan Area.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 16,793.
 Helena is highly regarded as a place to live and raise children; "Business Week" named Helena the 13th "Best Place to Raise Your Kids" in 2007.
 It has the eighth-lowest crime rate per population in the U.S., and the city was ranked in "Money" magazine's 2007 list of "Best Places to Live: Top 100" in the U.S., placing at number 91.
 The Alabama League of Municipalities awarded Helena the 2008 Municipal Achievement Award (population 10,001 to 20,000).
Highfields is both a town and a locality in the Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia along the New England Highway.
 It is situated on the Great Dividing Range, slightly north of Mount Kynoch.
 It serves as a satellite suburb to the city of Toowoomba, accommodating many of Toowoomba businesses' employees.
 At the 2016 census, Highfields had a population of 8,131.
 The ABS also defines a larger growth area, named Highfields, that includes the suburb and several of those surrounding.
 At June 2015, the estimated urban population for the Highfields urban area was 18,771.
 It is the fastest growing area in Queensland and also one of the fastest in Australia.
Helensvale is a suburb on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia and was named after Helena White.
 At the 2011 Census, Helensvale had a population of 15,987.
Guarulhos (] ) is a Brazilian municipality.
 It is the second most populous city in the Brazilian state of São Paulo, the 13th most populous city in Brazil, and is also the most populous city in the country that is not a state capital.
 In the last few years it has outgrown Campinas.
 It is part of the Metropolitan Region of São Paulo.
 The population is 1,324,781 (2015 est.) in an area of 318.68 km².
 It is the most populous non-capital city in the country and has the second-largest GDP in the state, the 8th largest in the country.
The Newcastle Herald (branded as The Herald) is a local tabloid newspaper published daily, Monday to Saturday, in Newcastle, New South Wales, the largest non-capital city in Australia.
 It is the only local newspaper that serves the greater Hunter Region and Central Coast region six days a week.
 It is owned by Fairfax Media.
St. Helena white seabream (Diplodus sargus helenae or Diplodus helenae) is a subspecies of "Diplodus sargus", a sargo or a seabream, a marine fish of the Sparidae (Sparids) family.
 This pelagic-neritic fish grows to 31 cm long.
 It occurs in the southeast Atlantic, off the coast of St. Helena.
 The species are also endemic.
 The species were named by Henri Émile Sauvage in 1879.
Launceston ( , often mispronounced ) is a city in the north of Tasmania, Australia at the junction of the North Esk and South Esk rivers where they become the Tamar River (Kanamaluka).
 Launceston is the second largest city in Tasmania after Hobart.
 With a population of 86,633, Launceston is the twelfth-largest non-capital city in Australia.
 It is the only inland city in Tasmania.
The Gold Coast is a coastal area in the Australian state of Queensland, approximately 66 km south-southeast of the state capital Brisbane and immediately north of the border with New South Wales.
 With a census-estimated 2016 population of 638,090, The Gold Coast is the sixth-largest city in Australia, making it the largest non-capital city, and the second-largest city in Queensland.
The Gold Coast is the largest non-capital city and fastest growing city in Australia.
 As a result, the Gold Coast has a wide range of public and private transport options from cars and bikes to buses, rail, light rail and monorail.
 The car is the dominant mode of transport for Gold Coast but with the increasing population that leads to more traffic congestion.
 This has led to the Queensland Government and Gold Coast City Council placing more effort into providing public transport including a new ferry service and a light rail system.
Kelvin Grove is an inner northern suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia approximately 3 km from the CBD.
 This hilly suburb takes its name from Kelvingrove Park in Glasgow, Scotland.
 It is primarily residential with tree-lined streets and some commercial and light industrial activities along its main thoroughfare, Kelvin Grove Road.
 La Boite Theatre Company, Queensland's second largest theatre company, operates from the Roundhouse Theatre on the Kelvin Grove campus of the Queensland University of Technology.
