"Evermore" is a song written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Tim Rice for the musical fantasy film "Beauty and the Beast" (2017), a live-action remake of Disney's 1991 animated film of the same name.
 Originally recorded for the film by English actor Dan Stevens, who performs the song in his starring role as the titular Beast, "Evermore" was first released as a single by American singer Josh Groban on March 3, 2017.
 Stevens' version was made available on March 10, 2017 when the film's soundtrack was released online, while Groban's single is played in closing credits.
Robin David Segal (born January 21, 1956), better known by the stage name Robby Benson, is an American actor, director, singer and educator.
 He is known as the voice of The Beast in the Disney animated film "Beauty and the Beast" and its numerous sequels and spin-offs, and for directing several episodes of the popular sitcom "Friends".
"Belle" is a song written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Howard Ashman for Walt Disney Pictures' 30th animated feature film "Beauty and the Beast" (1991).
 Originally recorded by American actress and singer Paige O'Hara and American actor Richard White, "Belle", a mid-tempo French and classical music-inspired song, incorporates both Broadway and musical theatre elements.
 The film's first song and opening number, "Belle" appears during "Beauty and the Beast "as a large scale operetta-style production number that introduces the film's heroine Belle, considered a book-loving nonconformist by the townspeople of the village, who has grown weary of the provincial life in which she is supposed to live, and Gaston, the film's narcissistic villain who wishes to desire her hand in marriage despite Belle's rejections.
"Be Our Guest" is a song written by lyricist Howard Ashman and composer Alan Menken for Walt Disney Pictures' 30th animated feature film "Beauty and the Beast" (1991).
 Recorded by American actor Jerry Orbach and English actress Angela Lansbury as Lumiere and Mrs. Potts, respectively, "Be Our Guest" is a large-scale Broadway-inspired musical number that takes place during the first half of "Beauty and the Beast", performed by the castle's staff of enchanted objects in an elaborate attempt to welcome Belle.
 Menken initially intended for the melody of "Be Our Guest" to be temporary but was ultimately unable to compose a satisfying one with which to replace it.
 The song had originally been intended for Belle's father Maurice.
 However, "Be Our Guest" had to be entirely re-written as the story evolved in order to return its focus to Belle.
Anna Simpson (born March 23, 1985) is an American actress and singer born in Brooklyn, New York.
 She is best known for the film, "Our Song", alongside Kerry Washington and Melissa Martinez (2000).
 She has a daughter named Chasity who she gave birth to at the age of 15.
 Simpson is a survivor of sexual abuse.
Donna Paige Helmintoller, better known as Paige O'Hara (born May 10, 1956), is an American actress, singer and painter.
 O'Hara began her career as a Broadway actress in 1983 when she portrayed Ellie May Chipley in the musical "Showboat".
 In 1991, she made her motion picture debut in Disney's "Beauty and the Beast", in which she voiced the film's heroine, Belle.
 Following the critical and commercial success of "Beauty and the Beast", O'Hara reprised her role as Belle in the film's two direct-to-video follow-ups, "" and "Belle's Magical World".
"Beauty and the Beast" is a song written by lyricist Howard Ashman and composer Alan Menken for the Disney animated feature film "Beauty and the Beast" (1991).
 The film's theme song, the Broadway-inspired ballad was first recorded by British-American actress Angela Lansbury in her role as the voice of the character Mrs. Potts, and essentially describes the relationship between its two main characters Belle and the Beast, specifically how the couple has learned to accept their differences and in turn change each other for the better.
 Additionally, the song's lyrics imply that the feeling of love is as timeless and ageless as a "tale as old as time".
 Lansbury's rendition is heard during the famous ballroom sequence between Belle and the Beast, while a shorted chorale version plays in the closing scenes of the film, and the song's motif features frequently in other pieces of Menken's film score.
 "Beauty and the Beast" was subsequently recorded as a pop duet by Canadian singer Celine Dion and American singer Peabo Bryson, and released as the only single from the film's soundtrack on November 25, 1991.
Marissa Perry (born May 5, 1985) is an American actress and singer born in Waterbury, Connecticut.
"Something There" is a song written by lyricist Howard Ashman and composer Alan Menken for Walt Disney Pictures 30th animated feature film "Beauty and the Beast" (1991).
 Sung by the majority of the film's main cast, the song was recorded by American actors Paige O'Hara as Belle and Robby Benson as the Beast via voice over, featuring actors Jerry Orbach, Angela Lansbury and David Ogden Stiers as Lumiere, Mrs. Potts and Cogsworth, respectively.
 The only song performed by the Beast, "Something There" is heard midway through "Beauty and the Beast "during a scene in which Belle and the Beast finally begin to acknowledge their own feelings for each other.
Belle is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 30th animated feature film "Beauty and the Beast" (1991).
 Originally voiced by American actress and singer Paige O'Hara, Belle is the non-conforming daughter of an inventor.
 Belle yearns to abandon her predictable village life in return for adventure.
 When her father Maurice is imprisoned by a cold-hearted beast, Belle offers him her own freedom in exchange for her father's, and eventually learns to love the Beast despite his unsightly outward appearance.
