MillerCoors is a beer brewing company in the United States.
 In 2002 South African Breweries purchased Miller Brewing Company to create SABMiller.
 In 2005, Molson Brewery of Canada and Coors Brewing Company merged to form the Molson Coors Brewing Company.
 Then, in 2008, SABMiller and Molson Coors created MillerCoors as a joint venture for their operations in the U.S.
 The company is the second-largest brewer in the U.S., after Anheuser-Busch.
The Ebling Brewing Company, founded in 1868, was located in the South Bronx (the Melrose neighborhood, at the intersection 156th Street and St. Ann's Avenue) when German was the second language to English there.
 The company advertised their technique of aging their beer in "natural rock caves."
 These caves were dug into a hill behind its headquarters under the brewery in the Bronx.
 The Ebling Brewing Company suffered under the laws of Prohibition.
 In 1925 it was required to padlock its doors for 4 months and pay a $250,000 fine after it was found to have two truckloads of beer that had higher than the legal alcohol content; they were found to be possessing "real beer."
 The 72-year old president of the company at the time was William Ebling.
 The company finally closed its doors for good in the 1940s.
 The Ebling Brewing Company headquarters were razed and a parking lot was created over the site.
 The caves, sometimes as large as 20' x 100', were covered and forgotten by most people.
The Pabst Brewing Company ( ) is an American company that dates its origins to a brewing company founded in 1844 by Jacob Best and was, by 1889, named after Frederick Pabst.
 It is currently the holding company contracting for the brewing of over two dozen brands of beer and malt liquor from now defunct companies including Pabst Blue Ribbon, P. Ballantine and Sons Brewing Company, G. Heileman Brewing Company, Lone Star Brewing Company, Pearl Brewing Company, Piels Bros., Valentin Blatz Brewing Company, National Brewing Company, Olympia Brewing Company, Falstaff Brewing Corporation, Primo Brewing & Malting Company, Rainier Brewing Company, F & M Schaefer Brewing Company, Joseph Schlitz Brewing Company, Jacob Schmidt Brewing Company and Stroh Brewery Company.
Hawaiʻ i Nui Brewing Company is a brewery in Hilo on the Island of Hawaii, Hawaii, United States.
 It was established in 2007 By Keith Kinsey, Andrew Baker and Nina Lytton.
 Hawai'i Nui Brewing acquired Keoki Brewing Company in May 2007.
 In January 2009, Hawaii Nui Brewing acquired Mehana Brewing Company and consolidated operations to Hilo, Hawai'i, It sells Hawaiʻ i Nui, Keoki and Mehana labels of beers.
Shipyard Brewing Company is a brewery and soft drink manufacturer in Portland, Maine, USA, and founded in 1994.
 Shipyard is the largest brewer in Maine (owning the Shipyard, Sea Dog Brewing Company, and Casco Bay Brewing Company banners, and bottling under contract with Gritty McDuff's Brewing Company).
 Shipyard is the fourth largest microbrewery in New England after Boston Beer Company, Harpoon Brewery, and Magic Hat Brewing Company.
Triangle Brewing Co. (TBC) is a microbrewery owned and operated entirely by business partners (and high-school friends) Rick "the Brewer" Tufts and Andy "the Bloke" Miller, who have recently resettled in Durham, North Carolina from Connecticut.
 Andy Miller had extensive local restaurant management experience, and Rick Tufts apprenticed at Flying Fish Brewing Company and was an avid homebrewer long before founding a new brewery.
 TBC began selling beer on July 4, 2007 and was the only microbrewery in Durham.
 The arrival of a microbrewery in Durham is arguably part of the current downtown art, building, and cultural Renaissance.
Gunther Brewing Company is a historic brewery building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
 The site comprises 15 masonry buildings.
 The main structure is a five-story brick "L"-shaped Romanesque Revival-style brew house with a two-story brick ice plant built about 1910 and one- and two-story boiler room.
 Additional brew houses built in 1936 and 1950 are also on the property.
 The Tulkoff Factory and Warehouse was built about 1964.
 It was home to the George Gunther, Jr.
 Brewing Company, founded in 1900.
 By 1959 it was the second largest brewery in Baltimore, when it produced 800,000 barrels per year and employed approximately 600 people.
 Hamm's Brewing Company bought the Gunther Brewing Company in 1960.
 Later acquired by the F. & M. Schaefer Brewing Company in 1963, the plant was closed in 1978.
 The Tulkoff company briefly used the factory for their sauce products at the conclusion of all brewing operations.
Hudepohl Brewing Company is a brewery established in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1885 by founder Ludwig Hudepohl II.
 Hudepohl was the son of Bavarian immigrants and had worked in the surgical tool business before starting his brewery.
 Hudepohl combined with Schoenling Brewing Company in 1986.
 Today, the Hudepohl-Schoenling Brewing Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Christian Moerlein Brewing Co..
Genesee Brewing Company is an American brewery located along the Genesee River in Rochester, New York.
 In 1878, Genesee Brewing Company moved up into Rochester.
 From 2000 to 2009, the company was known as the High Falls Brewing Company.
 In 2009, High Falls was acquired by the capital investment firm KPS Capital.
 Together with also newly acquired Labatt USA, KPS merged the two companies as North American Breweries.
 Along with this change, High Falls Brewery changed its name back to the original "Genesee Brewing Company" operating under the North American Breweries name.
 In October 2012, North American Breweries was purchased by FIFCO
The National Brewing Company was a beer brewing company based in Baltimore, Maryland.
 The National Brewing Company operated from 1872 until the late 1970s.
 At the end of the 1970s, the National Brewing Company was purchased and their breweries were shut down.
 However, National's two most prominent brands, National Bohemian Beer and Colt 45, were kept alive and are now brewed in Wisconsin.
