Harold Shapero completed the Symphony for Classical Orchestra in B-flat major on March 10, 1947, in Newton Centre, Massachusetts.
 It is written for an orchestra consisting of piccolo, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets in B-flat, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 2 horns in F, 2 trumpets in C, 2 tenor trombones and one bass (silent until the Finale), timpani and strings.
 Although labelled "Classical," many of the work's features point to Beethoven rather than Haydn or Mozart, such as "the way in which Shapero paces himself, alternating long passages in the tonic and the dominant, with fast, dramatic modulations often reserved for transitions and developments."
 Nicolas Slonimsky remarked on how the piece is "premeditatedly cast in the proclamatory key of B-flat major, the natural tonality of the bugle, and ending in a display of tonic major triads."
 But there are modern features as well, with "the work's orchestration, in general, ... distinctively bright and brassy, and undoubtedly derived a fair amount from Piston and Copland, as well as from the composer's experience as a dance band arranger."
The Symphony No. 55 in E♭ major, Hoboken I/55, is a symphony by Joseph Haydn, composed by 1774.
 It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns and strings.
 It is in four movements:
Deutsche Messe ("German Mass"), D 872, is a mass composed by Franz Schubert in 1827.
 Its text is not the Latin liturgical text, but a sequence of poems in German by Johann Philipp Neumann who commissioned the work.
 It was originally scored for SATB choir, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, 3 trombones, timpani and basso continuo .
 It is also known as the "Gesänge zur Feier des heiligen Opfers der Messe " ("Songs for the celebration of the holy offering of the Mass"), and the "Wind Mass" due to its orchestration of primarily wind instruments.
The Harmoniemesse in B-flat major by Joseph Haydn, Hob.
 XXII:14, Novello 6, was written in 1802.
 It was Haydn's last major work.
 It is because of the prominence of the winds in this mass and "the German terminology for a kind of wind ensemble, "Harmonie"," that this mass setting is called "Harmoniemesse" or "Wind Band Mass".
 Besides flute, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 2 horns in B-flat, 2 trumpets in B-flat, the mass also calls for choir, timpani, strings, and organ, the latter supplying figured bass for most of the duration.
The Symphony No. 25 in G major, Perger 16, Sherman 25, MH 334 is a classical symphony that was composed by Michael Haydn in 1783, with a completion date of May 23.
 It is scored for flute (in the second movement), 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns and strings.
The Piano Trio in B-flat major, Op.
 11, was composed by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1797 and published in Vienna the next year.
 It is one of a series of early chamber works, many involving woodwind instruments because of their popularity and novelty at the time.
 The trio is scored for piano, clarinet (or violin), and cello (sometimes substituted by bassoon).
 The key of B-flat major was probably chosen to facilitate fast passages in the B-flat clarinet, which had not yet benefited from the development of the Boehm system.
 Beethoven dedicated the piece to Countess Maria Wilhelmine von Thun.
Picciola serenata (little serenade) in B-flat major is a serenade written by Italian composer Antonio Salieri scored for five instruments: 2 oboes, 2 horns and 1 bassoon.
 The piece was composed in 1778 and consists of four movements.
Chamber Symphony No. 2, Op. 38, by Arnold Schoenberg was begun in 1906 and completed in 1939.
 The work is scored for 2 flutes (2nd doubling piccolo), 2 oboes (2nd doubling cor anglais), 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2 trumpets and strings and is divided into two movements, the first (in E flat minor) marked Adagio and the second (in G major) marked Con Fuoco-Lento.
 The belated completion of the work was prompted by a request from the conductor Fritz Stiedry who asked Schoenberg for an orchestral piece for his New Friends of Music Orchestra in New York.
 The work was first performed there on December 14, 1940 under Stiedry's direction.
Joseph Haydn wrote Symphony No. 36 in E♭ major, Hoboken 1/36, some time in the first half of the 1760s.
 Scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo, the slow movement features solos for violin and cello.
 It is in four movements:
The Symphony No. 56 in C major, Hoboken I/56, is a symphony by Joseph Haydn, composed by 1774.
 It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns (C alto and F), 2 trumpets, timpani and strings.
 It is in four movements:
