The Joggers, formerly known as Stateside, are a four-piece band from Portland, Oregon.
 They play complex songs with elements of math rock which retain a pop sensibility.
 The guitar style of (lead singer and songwriter) Ben Whitesides and the second guitarist rejects a traditional rhythm & lead style for more scale exploration and includes elements of call and response.
 Murphy Kasiewicz played second guitar on "Solid Guild", but left the band before the recording of "With A Cape And A Cane" and was replaced by Dan Wilson (from Alaska) after that album, touring the US in support of it.
 Jake Morris has also played drums on tour with French Kicks and played drums for The Shaky Hands from December 2008 to March 2010.
 All members sing parts at various times, with unique and sometimes antique harmonies, and sometimes play various instruments.
 Ben Whitesides is the son of George M. Whitesides, one of the most decorated and wealthy chemists in the world.
A rock band or pop band is a small musical ensemble which performs rock music, pop music or a related genre.
 The four-piece band is the most common configuration in rock and pop music.
 Before the development of the electronic keyboard, the configuration was typically two guitarists (a lead guitarist and a rhythm guitarist, with one of them singing lead vocals), a bassist, and a drummer (e.g. the Beatles, KISS, Franz Ferdinand).
 Another common formation is a vocalist who does not play an instrument, electric guitarist, bass guitarist, and a drummer (e.g. the Who, the Monkees, Led Zeppelin, Queen, and U2).
 Instrumentally, these bands can be considered as trios.
One-X is the second studio album by Canadian rock band Three Days Grace.
 This is their first album recorded as a four-piece band, as Barry Stock joined the group and took over lead guitar from lead singer Adam Gontier.
 The album was released on June 13, 2006.
 They worked with producer Howard Benson for the album, a decision which proved to be a great move for the band, as the album was both a critical and financial success.
 It is their first and only album under Sony BMG, the successor to Sony Music Entertainment's original roots & Bertelsmann Music Group.
 The Sony BMG joint venture was dropped in 2008, which led to Bertelsmann's Sony BMG stake going back to Sony.
Audioslave was an American rock supergroup formed in Los Angeles in 2001.
 The four-piece band consisted of Soundgarden lead singer/rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell and Rage Against the Machine members Tom Morello (lead guitar), Tim Commerford (bass/backing vocals), and Brad Wilk (drums).
 Critics first described Audioslave as a combination of Soundgarden and Rage Against the Machine, but by the band's second album, "Out of Exile", it was noted that they had established a separate identity.
 Audioslave's sound was created by blending 1970s hard rock with 1990s alternative rock.
 Moreover, Morello incorporated his well-known, unconventional guitar solos into the mix.
 As with Rage Against the Machine, the band prided themselves on the fact that all sounds on their albums were produced using only guitar, bass, drums, and vocals.
Black Rose is the lone album by the rock band Black Rose, whose lead singer was American singer-actress Cher.
 The album was released on August 21, 1980 by Casablanca Records.
 Unlike Cher's previous solo records (such as "Take Me Home") the album was a commercial failure.
 It failed to chart and has sold only 400,000 copies worldwide.
The lead vocalist, main vocalist, lead vocals or lead singer in popular music is typically the member of a group or band whose voice is the most prominent in a performance where multiple voices may be heard.
 The lead singer either leads the vocal ensemble, or sets against the ensemble as the dominant sound.
 In vocal group performances, notably in soul and gospel music, and early rock and roll, the lead singer takes the main vocal part, with a chorus provided by other band members as backing vocalists.
The Kabalas were a four-piece band out of the Quad Cities area of the American Mid-West whose musical foundations were based firmly in a traditional Eastern European Klezmer style that mixed in Jewish folksongs, Israeli popular songs, Polka and popular music.
 The members of the band were Scott Morschhauser (vocals, accordion, guitar, percussion); Barry "The Wolfman" Wolf (accordion); "Nervous" Neal Smith (saxophones, backup vocals, flute, clarinet); and the late "Mr." Joel Dick (drums, percussion).
 On stage, their performance was a blend of vaudeville antics and great musicianship.
 Their traditional closing song was "Hey Lordy Mambo" where the drummer would play with four sticks and set them on fire.
Daïtro was a French DIY screamo band from Lyon, France.
 They formed in 2000 as a four-piece band, but following the departure of their original bass player, Gwen and Aurelien joined, and they played as a five-piece from then on.
 The line-up consists of lead singer Aurelien Verdant, guitarist and singer Julien Paget, bassist Gwenaël Grosclaude, guitarist Samuel Moncharmont and drummer Benoît Desvignes.
 They announced in 2012 that they were breaking up, and most of the members have moved on to other musical endeavours.
Rocco DeLuca (born December 27, 1975) is a California-based indie rock musician who came to prominence as the lead singer of the four-piece band Rocco DeLuca and the Burden.
 Since 2009, DeLuca has toured and recorded as a solo artist.
Panama Wedding is an American synthpop band based in New York City.
 The four-piece band is fronted by its lead singer and songwriter, Peter Kirk.
 Originally from Sea Cliff, New York, Kirk grew up recording music in his bedroom, although it wasn't until he rented studio space in Manhattan that he began to seriously write music.
 Initially, Kirk spent several years performing his electronic and computer-based pop as a solo act before expanding Panama Wedding into a full ensemble with a rhythm section.
