The Piedmont Mountains are outlying mountains, sometimes called “low mountains”, that typically occur in the western Piedmont near the Blue Ridge.
 Most of the features within the Piedmont physiographic region of North America lie either on the eastern border where the plateau plunges onto the Coastal Plain at the Fall Line, in the broad valleys of the river systems, or on the western border where Piedmont Mountains likely occur.
 Occasionally, due to diverse rock formations, folds and outcroppings, these mountains can rise at various locations across the Piedmont like the Uwharrie Mountain Range in North Carolina or the Pine Mountain Range in Georgia.
 Most of these mountains, or hills, are what is left of ancient eroded mountains.
 Some, like Stone Mountain in Georgia, are solitary rock domes called Monadnocks which become further exposed with erosion.
 The Piedmont is part of the greater Appalachian Mountain Range and is also referred to as the Appalachian Plateau.
 The French definition of piedmont in itself translates as foothill; however, a Piedmont Mountain may be that of greater significance or prominent elevation.
North American Atlantic Region is a floristic region within the Holarctic Kingdom identified by Armen Takhtajan and Robert F. Thorne, spanning from the Atlantic and Gulf coasts to the Great Plains and comprising a major part of the United States and southeastern portions of Canada.
 It is bordered by the Circumboreal floristic region in the north, by the Rocky Mountain and Madrean floristic regions in the west and by the Caribbean floristic region of the Neotropical Kingdom in the south of Florida.
 The flora of the region comprises two endemic monotypic families, Hydrastidaceae and Leitneriaceae, and is characterized by about a hundred of endemic genera (such as "Sanguinaria", "Leavenworthia", "Gillenia", "Neviusia", "Dionaea", "Yeatesia", "Pleea").
 The degree of species endemism is very high, many species are Tertiary relicts, which survived the Wisconsin glaciation and are now concentrated in the Appalachians (esp.
 Blue Ridge Mountains) and the Ozarks.
 A number of genera ("Sarracenia", "Uvularia" etc.) are shared only with the Canadian floristic province of the Circumboreal region.
 Moreover, as has long been noted (e.g. by Joseph Gerhard Zuccarini and especially by Asa Gray), a large number of relict genera ("Liriodendron", "Hamamelis", "Stewartia" etc.) are shared with the relatively distant Eastern Asiatic Region (comprising Japan and the east of China) and sometimes Southeast Asia.
 R. F. Thorne counted at least 74 genera restricted to eastern North America and Asia (mostly eastern and southeastern Asia).
 The fossil record indicates that during the Tertiary period a warm temperate zone extended across much of the Northern Hemisphere, linking America to Asia.
The Coast Mountains are a major mountain range in the Pacific Coast Ranges of western North America, extending from southwestern Yukon through the Alaska Panhandle and virtually all of the Coast of British Columbia south to the Fraser River.
 The mountain range's name derives from its proximity to the sea coast, and it is often referred to as the Coast Range.
 The range includes volcanic and non-volcanic mountains and the extensive ice fields of the Pacific and Boundary Ranges, and the northern end of the volcanic system known as the Cascade Volcanoes.
 The Coast Mountains are part of a larger mountain system called the Pacific Coast Ranges or the Pacific Mountain System, which includes the Cascade Range, the Insular Mountains, the Olympic Mountains, the Oregon Coast Range, the California Coast Ranges, the Saint Elias Mountains and the Chugach Mountains.
 The Coast Mountains are also part of the American Cordilleraa Spanish term for an extensive chain of mountain rangesthat consists of an almost continuous sequence of mountain ranges that form the western backbone of North America, Central America, South America and Antarctica.
Torreys Peak is a mountain in the Front Range region of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado.
 It is one of 53 fourteeners in Colorado.
 Its nearest major city is Denver.
 Torreys Peak is located along the Continental Divide, as well as the division between Clear Creek County and Summit County.
The City and County of Denver, Colorado, is located at 39°43'35" North, 104°57'56" West (39.726287, −104.965486) in the Colorado Front Range region.
 The Southern Rocky Mountains lie to the west of Denver and the High Plains lie to the east.
The Hamburg Mountains are a range of the New York-New Jersey Highlands region of the Appalachian Mountains.
 The summit, reaching a height of 1473 ft , lies within Sussex County, New Jersey.
The Baffin Mountains are a mountain range running along the northeastern coast of Baffin Island and Bylot Island, Nunavut are part of the Arctic Cordillera.
 The ice-capped mountains are some of the highest peaks of eastern North America, reaching a height of 1525 - above sea level.
 While they could be considered a single mountain range as they are separated by bodies of water to make Baffin Island, this is not true, as they are closely related to the other mountain ranges that make the much larger Arctic Cordillera mountain range.
The northern bobwhite, Virginia quail or (in its home range) bobwhite quail ("Colinus virginianus") is a ground-dwelling bird native to the United States, Mexico, and the Caribbean.
 It is a member of the group of species known as New World quails (Odontophoridae).
 They were initially placed with the Old World quails in the pheasant family (Phasianidae), but are not particularly closely related.
 The name "bobwhite" derives from its characteristic whistling call.
 Despite its secretive nature, the northern bobwhite is one of the most familiar quails in eastern North America because it is frequently the only quail in its range.
 Habitat degradation has likely contributed to the northern bobwhite population in eastern North America declining by roughly 85% from 1966-2014.
 This population decline is apparently range-wide and continuing.
Hemlock woolly adelgid ("Adelges tsugae"), or HWA, is member of the Sternorrhyncha suborder of the Order Hemiptera and native to East Asia.
 It feeds by sucking sap from hemlock and spruce trees ("Tsuga" spp.; "Picea" spp.)
.
 In eastern North America, it is a destructive pest that gravely threatens the eastern hemlock ("Tsuga canadensis") and the Carolina hemlock ("Tsuga caroliniana").
 Though the range of eastern hemlock extends north of the current range of the adelgid, it could spread to infect these northern areas as well.
 Accidentally introduced to North America from Japan, HWA was first found in the eastern United States near Richmond, Virginia, in the early 1950s.
 The pest has now been established in eighteen eastern states from Georgia to Massachusetts, causing widespread mortality of hemlock trees.
 As of 2015, 90% of the geographic range of eastern hemlock in North America has been impacted by HWA.
Eastern North Carolina (sometimes abbreviated as ENC) is the region encompassing the eastern tier of North Carolina.
 It is known geographically as the state's Coastal Plain region.
 Primary subregions of Eastern North Carolina include the Lower Cape Fear (Wilmington Area), the Sandhills, the Inner Banks and the Outer Banks.
 It is composed of the 41 most eastern counties in the state.
 Large cities include Greenville, Jacksonville, and Wilmington.
 In 1993, the State Legislature established seven regional economic development organizations and three of these serve eastern North Carolina - Northeast North Carolina Commission (covering 16 counties), North Carolina East Alliance (representing 13 counties surrounding North Carolina's Global TransPark), and North Carolina's Southeast Commission (assisting 11 counties).
