Shengao () is a town in Jiangyan District, Taizhou, south-central Jiangsu province, China.
 It is called the "hometown of fish and rice" because of the high quality of the fish and rice production in the town.
 It is among the first of the opening cities designated by the State Council of China.
Dalun () is a town of Jiangyan District, Taizhou in south-central Jiangsu province, China.
 , it has 2 residential communities (社区) and 16 villages under its administration.
Yangzhou Taizhou International Airport (IATA: YTY, ICAO: ZSYA) , often abbreviated to Yangtai Airport, is an airport serving the cities of Yangzhou and Taizhou in China's Jiangsu Province.
 It is located in the town of Dinggou in Jiangdu District, Yangzhou, 30 kilometers from the center of Yangzhou and 20 kilometers from Taizhou.
 Another major city, Zhenjiang, is also nearby across the Yangtze River.
The Laurentide Ice Sheet was a massive sheet of ice that covered millions of square kilometers, including most of Canada and a large portion of the northern United States, multiple times during the Quaternary glacial epochs— from 2.588 ± 0.005 million years ago to the present.
 The last advance covered most of northern North America between c. 95,000 and c. 20,000 years before the present day, and among other geomorphological effects, gouged out the five Great Lakes and the hosts of smaller lakes of the Canadian shield.
 These lakes extend from the eastern Northwest Territories, through most of northern Canada, and the upper Midwestern United States (Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan) to the Finger Lakes, through Lake Champlain and Lake George areas of New York, across the northern Appalachians into and through all of New England and Nova Scotia.
 At times, the ice sheet's southern margin included the present-day sites of northeastern coastal towns and cities such as Portsmouth, New Hampshire, Boston, New York City, and Great Lakes coastal cities and towns as far south as Chicago and St. Louis, Missouri—and then followed quite precisely the present course of the Missouri River up to the northern slopes of the Cypress Hills, beyond which it merged with the Cordilleran Ice Sheet.
 The ice coverage extended approximately as far south as 38 degrees latitude in the mid-continent.
Shenge is a coastal town on the Atlantic ocean; it is the seat of the Kagboro chiefdom, one of several in Moyamba District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone.
 Due to the dense coastal jungle and poor road network, the town of Shenge is most easily reached by boat.
 "Pampa" is the name given to the boats that travel among the coastal cities.
Jiangyan District () is one of three urban districts of the city of Taizhou, Jiangsu province, China, having been, until December 2012, a county-level city.
 Jiangyan is noted for being the birthplace of the former General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Hu Jintao.
This list ranks U. S. cities by land area.
 Total areas including water are also given, but note that, when ranked by total area, a number of coastal cities appear disproportionately larger.
 San Francisco is an extreme example: water makes up nearly 80% of its total area of 232 square miles (601 km²).
 Note also that in many cases a city may be geographically large primarily because its municipal government has merged with the government of the surrounding county.
 In some cases the county no longer exists, while in others the arrangement has formed a Consolidated city–county (or city-borough in Alaska, or city-parish in Louisiana); these are shown in bold.
 Cities that are not consolidated with or part of any county are independent cities, indicated thus <nowiki>**</nowiki>.
 All data is from the 2010 United States Census.
State Road A1A (SR A1A) is a north-south Florida State Road that runs along the Atlantic Ocean, from Key West at the southern tip of Florida, to Fernandina Beach, just south of Georgia on Amelia Island.
 It is the main road through most oceanfront towns.
 Part of SR A1A is designated the A1A Scenic and Historic Coastal Byway, a National Scenic Byway.
 A portion of A1A that passes through Volusia County is designated the Ormond Scenic Loop and Trail, a Florida Scenic Highway.
 It is also called the Indian River Lagoon Scenic Highway from State Road 510 at Wabasso Beach to U.S. Route 1 in Cocoa.
 A1A is famous worldwide as the center of beach culture in the United States, a scenic coastal route through most Atlantic coastal cities and beach towns, including the unique tropical coral islands of the Florida Keys.
 A1A also serves as a major thoroughfare through Miami Beach and other south Florida coastal cities.
Campeche (   ), officially the Free and Sovereign State of Campeche (Spanish: "Estado Libre y Soberano de Campeche" ), is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico.
 Located in southeast Mexico, it is bordered by the states of Tabasco to the southwest, Yucatán to the northeast, and Quintana Roo to the east; to the southeast by the Orange Walk district of Belize, and by the Petén department of Guatemala to the south.
 It has a coastline to the west with the Gulf of Mexico.
 The state capital, also called Campeche, was declared a World Heritage Site in 1997.
 The formation of the state began with the city, which was founded in 1540 as the Spanish began the conquest of the Yucatán Peninsula.
 During the colonial period, the city was a rich and important port, but declined after Mexico’s independence.
 Campeche was part of the province of Yucatán but split off in the mid-19th century, mostly due to political friction with the city of Mérida.
 Much of the state’s recent economic revival is due to the finding of petroleum offshore in the 1970s, which has made the coastal cities of Campeche and Ciudad del Carmen important economic centers.
 The state has important Mayan and colonial sites; however, these are not as well-known or visited as others in the Yucatán.
The Kingdom of Croatia (Latin: "Regnum Croatiae" ; Croatian: "Kraljevina Hrvatska, Hrvatsko Kraljevstvo" ) was a medieval kingdom in Central Europe comprising most of what is today Croatia (without most of Istria and some Dalmatian coastal cities), as well as most of the modern-day Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Kingdom existed as a sovereign state for nearly two centuries.
 Its existence was characterized by various conflicts and periods of peace or alliance with the Bulgarians, Byzantines, Hungarians, and competition with Venice for control over the eastern Adriatic coast.
 The goal of promoting the Slavic language in the religious service was initially brought and introduced by the 10th century bishop Gregory of Nin, which resulted in a conflict with the Pope, later to be put down by him.
 In the second half of the 11th century Croatia managed to secure most coastal cities of Dalmatia with the collapse of Byzantine control over them.
 During this time the kingdom reached its peak under the rule of kings Peter Krešimir IV (1058-1074) and Demetrius Zvonimir (1075-1089).
