MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is one of the national capital area's oldest academic teaching hospitals.
 It is a not-for-profit, acute care teaching and research facility located in the Georgetown neighborhood of the Northwest Quadrant of Washington, D.C.
 MedStar Georgetown is co-located with the Georgetown University Medical Center and is affiliated with the Georgetown University School of Medicine.
 Its clinical services represent one of the largest, most geographically diverse, and fully integrated healthcare and delivery networks in the area.
 MedStar Georgetown is home to the internationally known Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, as well as centers of excellence in the neurology, neurosurgery, psychiatry, gastroenterology, transplant and vascular surgery.
 Originally named Georgetown University Hospital, it became part of the MedStar Health network in 2000.
The University of New Mexico Hospital (locally known as either University Hospital or UNM Hospital) is a public teaching hospital located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, immediately north of the main campus of the University of New Mexico.
 The hospital is the only Level I trauma center in the state of New Mexico, and also houses the only certified burn unit and designated stroke center in the state.
 In addition, UNMH also contains the only children's hospital in New Mexico, and is the state's sole source of 13 pediatric sub-specialties.
 As a "safety net hospital", UNMH serves a large percentage of the uninsured and under-insured population of the state.
 The hospital is the main teaching facility for the University of New Mexico School of Medicine.
Providence Hospital is a 349-bed high-rise hospital in the U.S. city of Mobile, Alabama.
 The hospital tower was completed in 1987.
 The building sits at the center of a 277 acre campus, it rises approximately 170 ft and 11 stories.
 It was designed by noted American architect Bertrand Goldberg, best known for the Marina City complex in Chicago.
This is a list of notable Georgetown University faculty, including both current and past faculty at the Washington, D.C. school.
 As of 2007, Georgetown University employs approximately 1,202 full-time and 451 part-time faculty members across its three campuses.
 Many former politicians choose to teach at Georgetown, including U.S. Agency for International Development administrator Andrew Natsios, National Security Advisor Anthony Lake, U.S. Senator and Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith, and CIA director George Tenet.
 Politically, Georgetown's faculty members give more support to liberal candidates, and their donation patterns are consistent with those of other American university faculties.
 All of Georgetown University's presidents have been faculty as well.
Oslo University Hospital, Ullevål (Norwegian: "Oslo universitetssykehus, Ullevål" ), formerly Ullevål University Hospital (Norwegian: "Ullevål universitetssykehus" ) in Oslo, Norway is one of the four main campuses of Oslo University Hospital.
 It was opened in 1887, and was an independent hospital owned by Oslo municipality and then by the state until it became part of Oslo University Hospital in 2009.
 It is the largest hospital in Norway.
Stony Brook University Hospital, previously known as Stony Brook University Medical Center, is the university hospital of Stony Brook University located in the East Campus in Stony Brook, New York.
 It is the largest academic medical center on Long Island with 603 beds for patient care.
 The hospital houses the Stony Brook University School of Medicine.
 Long Island's only tertiary care and Level 1 Trauma Center, the hospital is ranked as the 20th best in New York and 21st in the New York metropolitan area by U.S. News and World Report
University Hospital is a non-profit 581-bed private hospital located in downtown Augusta, Georgia.
 Established in 1818, it is the second-oldest hospital in Georgia.
 Although University Hospital is considered a teaching institution, it does not currently sponsor an academic program resulting in a degree.
 University Hospital is no longer directly affiliated with the Medical College of Georgia or Augusta University.
 University Hospital is a fully private hospital receiving no local or state funding.
MedStar Washington Hospital Center is the largest private hospital in Washington, D.C. A member of MedStar Health, the not-for-profit Hospital Center is licensed for 926 beds.
 Health services in primary, secondary and tertiary care are offered to adult and neonatal patients.
 It also serves as a teaching hospital for Georgetown University School of Medicine.
Georgetown University School of Medicine, a medical school opened in 1851, is one of Georgetown University's five graduate schools.
 It is located on Reservoir Road in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, DC, adjacent to the University's main campus.
 The School of Medicine works in association with the 609-bed Georgetown University Hospital, Washington Hospital Center, and nine other affiliated federal and community hospitals in the Washington metropolitan area.
 Georgetown is the oldest Catholic medical school in the United States.
Lenny's mission was "to entertain ill and terminally ill children by appearing to them as Batman and teaching them that just as Batman fights battles, no matter how hard or long their health battles may be, with strength of will and determination, there is always hope!"
 Lenny visited sick children in hospitals, handing out Batman paraphernalia to them, and was sure to sign every book, hat, T-shirt, and backpack he handed out ""Batman"".
 Some of the hospitals he visited included the Children's National Medical Center, Sinai Hospital, and Georgetown University Hospital.
 In 2016, Laurie Strongin and her non-profit, Hope For Henry Foundation, started the LENNY "BATMAN" ROBINSON HOPE FOR HENRY PROGRAM at Sinai Hospital in Baltimore.
