Angelo Michele Colonna (21 September 1604 - 1687) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Bologna, northern and central Italy and Spain.
 He is sometimes referred to as Michelangelo Colonna.
A royal family is the immediate family of a king or queen regnant, and sometimes his or her extended family.
 The term imperial family appropriately describes the family of an emperor or empress, and the term papal family describes the family of a pope, while the terms baronial family, comital family, ducal family, grand ducal family, or princely family are more appropriate to describe the relatives of a reigning baron, count, duke, grand duke, or prince.
 However, in common parlance members of any family which reigns by hereditary right are often referred to as royalty or "royals."
 It is also customary in some circles to refer to the extended relations of a deposed monarch and his or her descendants as a royal family.
 A dynasty is sometimes referred to as "the House of ...".
 As of July 2013, there are 26 active sovereign monarchies in the world who rule or reign over 43 countries in all.
Highland is a distinct city-center neighborhood in Denver, Colorado bounded by West 38th Avenue to the north, a Union Pacific Railroad line on the east, the South Platte River to the southeast, Speer Boulevard on the south, and Federal Boulevard on the west.
 The misnomer Highlands is sometimes used to refer to two separate city-center neighborhoods, Highland and West Highland, in Denver, Colorado, although the two neighborhoods are distinct.
 Highland and West Highland are both in the area that is referred to as North Denver.
 is located immediately northwest of downtown.
 Note that the Highland neighborhood association has a slightly different definition with the easternmost boundary stopping at I-25.
 And the West Highland neighborhood to the immediate west of Highland, with the borders of 38th and 29th Avenues on the north and south and Federal and Sheridan Boulevards on the east and west.
 To distinguish between its immediately adjacent neighbor, West Highland, Highland is sometimes referred to as East Highland, Lower Highland or LoHi.
 The two together are casually called "the Highlands," a term which often falsely encompasses other Northwest Denver neighborhoods such as Jefferson Park, Sunnyside and Berkeley.
 Realtors have particularly pushed the inclusion of the recently gentrified Berkeley, located directly north of West Highland, as part of the Highlands, sometimes going so far as to refer to Berkeley and parts of Sunnyside as the "Upper Highlands".
 To add further confusion, within the Highlands neighborhoods there are several historic designations of various degrees, including Potter Highlands, Scottish Highlands and Highlands Park.
Pietro Colonna Galatino (1460 – 1540), also known as Petrus Galatinus, was an Italian Friar Minor, philosopher, theologian and Orientalist.
 He is sometimes referred to as the "inventor" of the Latinized term Jehovah; however, this is really not accurate.
 The pronuntiation "Jehovah" occurred as a result of mixing the Tetragrammaton "YHWH" with the vowels of "Adonai," which the Jewish Masoretes had added to the Hebrew text to remind readers NOT to pronounce the Holy Name of God "YHWH", but substitute, in reading, "Adonai" which means "Lord."
A communist state (sometimes referred as workers' state) is a state that is usually administered and governed by a single party representing the proletariat, guided by Marxist–Leninist philosophy, with the aim of achieving communism.
 There have been several instances of Communist states with functioning political participation processes involving several other non-Party organisations, such as trade unions, factory committees, and direct democratic participation.
 The term "Communist state" is used by Western historians, political scientists and media to refer to these countries.
 However, contrary to Western usage, these states do not describe themselves as "communist" nor do they claim to have achieved communism; they refer to themselves as "socialist states" or "workers' states" that are in the process of constructing socialism.
The eudicots, Eudicotidae or eudicotyledons are a monophyletic clade of flowering plants that had been called tricolpates or non-magnoliid dicots by previous authors.
 The botanical terms were introduced in 1991 by evolutionary botanist James A. Doyle and paleobotanist Carol L. Hotton to emphasize the later evolutionary divergence of tricolpate dicots from earlier, less specialized, dicots.
 The close relationships among flowering plants with tricolpate pollen grains was initially seen in morphological studies of shared derived characters.
 These plants have a distinct trait in their pollen grains of exhibiting three colpi or grooves paralleling the polar axis.
 Later molecular evidence confirmed the genetic basis for the evolutionary relationships among flowering plants with tricolpate pollen grains and dicotyledonous traits.
 The term means "true dicotyledons", as it contains the majority of plants that have been considered dicots and have characteristics of the dicots.
 The term "eudicots" has subsequently been widely adopted in botany to refer to one of the two largest clades of angiosperms (constituting over 70% of the angiosperm species), monocots being the other.
 The remaining angiosperms include magnoliids and what are sometimes referred to as basal angiosperms or paleodicots, but these terms have not been widely or consistently adopted, as they do not refer to a monophyletic group.
Prospero Colonna (1452–1523), sometimes referred to as Prosper Colonna, was an Italian condottiero in the service of the Papal States and the Holy Roman Empire during the Italian Wars.
Pietro Guarneri (14 April 1695 – 7 April 1762) was an Italian luthier.
 Sometimes referred to as "Pietro da Venezia", he was the son of Giuseppe Giovanni Battista Guarneri, "filius Andreae", and the last of the Guarneri house of violin-makers
Developmental state, or hard state, is a term used by international political economy scholars to refer to the phenomenon of state-led macroeconomic planning in East Asia in the late twentieth century.
 In this model of capitalism (sometimes referred to as "state development capitalism"), the state has more independent, or autonomous, political power, as well as more control over the economy.
 A developmental state is characterized by having strong state intervention, as well as extensive regulation and planning.
 The term has subsequently been used to describe countries outside East Asia which satisfy the criteria of a developmental state.
 Botswana, for example, has warranted the label since the early 1970s.
 The developmental state is sometimes contrasted with a predatory state or weak state.
The term drug user is often used to refer to a person who consumes an illegal psychoactive substance.
 The term "user" is typically employed to refer to someone who is a drug user, abuser, or addict.
 Drug users are sometimes referred to as "heads", depending on the drug used, i.e., pothead, hophead, crackhead, etc.
