The South American air forces performs several joint aerial combat training exercises.
 Among the more important are Cruzex ( Portuguese: "Exercício Cruzeiro do Sul" ) which is hosted by the Brazilian Air Force, Salitre ( English: Saltpeter ) hosted by the Chilean Air Force and Ceibo ( English: Erythrina crista-galli flower ) hosted by the Argentine Air Force.
 The goal is to train together in order to respond to a crisis or integrate into United Nations peacekeeping operations as a unified team; the United States Air Force and the Royal Canadian Air Force have also participated in some of these exercises in recent years.
Teodoro Guillermo Waldner (born 1927) is a retired Argentine Air Force commander who served as Air Force Chief of the General Staff from 1983 to 1985.
The Desert Air Force (DAF), also known chronologically as Air Headquarters Western Desert, Air Headquarters Libya, the Western Desert Air Force, and the First Tactical Air Force (1TAF), was an Allied tactical air force created from No. 204 Group under RAF Middle East Command in North Africa in 1941 to provide close air support to the British Eighth Army.
 Throughout World War II, the DAF was made up of squadrons from the Royal Air Force (RAF), the South African Air Force (SAAF), the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) and other Allied air forces.
A Double cantilever hangar is a type of hangar that was constructed by the United States Air Force during the Cold War.
 Large hangers were constructed at Castle Air Force Base, Loring Air Force Base, Carswell Air Force Base, and Travis Air Force Base, while smaller hangars were constructed at March Air Force Base, Edwards Air Force Base, Hanscom Air Force Base, and Homestead Air Force Base.
Hector Luis Fautario was a retired Argentine Air Force general.
 He was the General Commander of the Argentine Air Force from 1973 to 1975.
 Shortly prior to the 1976 Argentine coup d'état, he was the government's only remaining loyal officer.
 He had drawn harsh criticism towards himself from the Army and Navy due to his vehement opposition to their repressive plans, and for his refusal to mobilize the Air Force against the guerrillas' strongholds in the north.
 He was General Jorge Rafael Videla's last obstacle on the way to power.
The Argentine Air Force Mobile Field Hospital (Spanish: "Hospital Reubicable de la Fuerza Aérea" ) is a field hospital operated by the Argentine Air Force.
 It is one of three health centers of its kind worldwide.
Commodore Pablo Marcos Rafael Carballo (b. 11 December 1947 Buenos Aires) is a retired member of the Argentine Air Force - the "Fuerza Aérea Argentina" (FAA) - who fought in the 1982 Falklands War ( Spanish: "Guerra de las Malvinas" ) where he participated in actions that led to the sinking of three Royal Navy ships.
 He was awarded with the highest national military decoration: the Argentine Nation to the Heroic Valour in Combat Cross, the Argentine Congressional Medal, and the Highest Distinction of the Argentine Air Force.
The Cicaré CK.1 (originally, the CH.III Colibrí) was a light helicopter developed in Argentina in the 1970s.
 It was a small, single-rotor aircraft of pod-and-boom configuration with a fully enclosed bubble canopy that could seat three people side-by-side.
 Cicaré's previous helicopter designs had attracted the attention of the Argentine Air Force, which in 1974 contracted him to develop a light helicopter for training and also marketed for agricultural use.
 A prototype, registered "LV-X62" flew in September 1976, and the Air Force placed an order for five pre-production machines.
 However, development was terminated at this point.
Servicio de Inteligencia de la Fuerza Aérea ("Air Force Intelligence Service", SIFA) is the intelligence agency of the Argentine Air Force.
 It is part of J-2.
 Its director is Commodore García.
Maj. Gen. George G. Finch became the Senior Leader of the US Air National Guard; (Chief of the Air Division National Guard Bureau) (1948-1950) In June 1953 it was reported that Gen. Mark W. Clark would retire and be replaced by Maj. Gen George G. Finch on the UN command delegation to the Korean armistice talks George G. Finch, born April 11, 1902 in Dade City, Florida, is considered one of the pioneers in United States aviation history.
 He began his military career during World War 1, enlisting in the Aviation Section of the Army's Signal Corps in 1918.
 He remained in the Reserve Corps after the war, and in 1926, became Commander, 27th Pursuit Squadron, 1st Pursuit Group.
 In 1940, Georgia Governor Ed Rivers commissioned him to form the first flying unit of the Georgia Air National Guard.
 The unit was mobilized into the U.S. Army in September, 1941, with Major Finch as commander.
 After World War II, he was a leading critic of efforts to eliminate the air arm of the National Guard during peacetime.
 General Finch gained the respect and admiration of Air National Guardsmen throughout the nation with his steadfast support and successful efforts to preserve the Air Guard.
 He became the first Chief of the Air Force Division of the National Guard Bureau in 1948.
 Under his leadership, the Air National Guard built to combat readiness and was among the first components called into service after the outbreak of the Korean War.
 As a result of General Finch's vision and perseverance, 45,000 highly trained officers and airmen of 22 wings and 65 squadrons gave the Air Force the strength it needed in the early, critical phases of the Communist drive down the Korean peninsula.General Finch served as the senior Air Force member of the United Nations negotiating team at the peace talks at Panmunjom, Korea, and received the Legion of Merit for outstanding service in 1955; General Finch assumed command of Fourteenth Air Force, Robins AFB, Georgia, becoming the nation's first Air National Guardsman to head a numbered air force.
 General Finch had a career of "firsts" including the US Army's first night landing with a single, five-million-candlepower floodlight in 1927.
 He also established and endowed the General John P. McConnell Award at the United States Air Force Academy.
 Considered by many as the father of the strong, independent Air National Guard existing today, General Finch retired in 1957.
 No man has had greater impact on the Air Force Reserve and National Guard than has General George G. Finch.A graduate of the University of Georgia and a member of the Georgia Bar, General Finch was enshrined in the Georgia Aviation Hall of Fame May 18, 1996.
