The Central Missouri Mules basketball team represents the University of Central Missouri in Warrensburg, Missouri, in the NCAA Division II men's basketball competition (the school's women's basketball team is known as the "Jennies").
 The team is currently coached by Doug Karleskint, who replaced Kim Anderson after leaving to become head coach at the University of Missouri.
 The Mules currently compete and are one of two founding members of the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association (MIAA).
 The basketball team plays its home games in the Multipurpose Building on campus.
Al Wakrah Basketball Team (Arabic: فريق كرة السلة الوكرة‎ ‎ ) is a Qatari professional basketball team based in the city of Al Wakrah, in southern Qatar.
 Al Wakrah's basketball team currently competes in the top tier of basketball, the Qatari Basketball League.
 It is part of the Al-Wakrah Sport Club multisport club.
The San Beda Red Lions is the collegiate varsity basketball team of San Beda College that plays in the NCAA.
 The juniors basketball team is called the Red Cubs of San Beda College-Rizal, while the women's varsity basketball team is called the Red Lionesses.
 The latter plays in the Women's National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The Missouri Tigers men's basketball team represents the University of Missouri in the SEC.
 Prior to the 2012–2013 season, the basketball team represented the school in the Big 12 Conference.
 They are located in Columbia, Missouri, playing home games at Mizzou Arena (15,061).
 The team last played in the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament in 2013.
 The Tigers' next season in 2017–18 will be their first under new head coach Cuonzo Martin, who was hired away from California to replace the fired Kim Anderson.
 The Missouri men's basketball program was a charter member of the Big 12 Conference, formed from the Big Eight Conference in 1996.
 Following the 2016–17 season, the Tigers had an all-time record of 1,593–1,133 and a winning percentage of .
The Wellington WIZARDS Basketball Team was founded on January 29, 2010.
 The team is a Division 2 basketball team in Sierra Leone, with headquarters in the East of the capital city Freetown.
 The WIZARDS basketball team is made up of 12 players and a coach.
 The team uses the SLIMS Basketball Court as its playing ground.
 The team participated in its first league in February, which they won as Division 2 champions.
The Ateneo Blue Eagles is the collegiate men's varsity team of the Ateneo de Manila University that plays in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP), the premiere collegiate league in the Philippines.
 The collegiate women's varsity basketball team is called the "Lady Eagles" while the high school varsity basketball team is called the "Blue Eaglets".
 The Ateneo collegiate men's varsity basketball team was not always called the Blue Eagles.
 It got the name Blue Eagles when Ateneo adopted the "Eagle" as its mascot in 1938.
 Prior to that, from 1914 it was known under different names.
Jamell Anderson (born 6 July 1990) is a British professional basketball player who plays for British club Cheshire Phoenix as a forward.
Jimmy Dan Conner (born March 20, 1953 in Lawrenceburg, Kentucky) is a retired professional basketball shooting guard who played one season in the American Basketball Association (ABA) as a member of the Kentucky Colonels.
 As a high school senior in 1971, he was named Kentucky Mr. Basketball as a member of the Anderson County High School men's basketball team.
 He attended University of Kentucky where he was a member of the school's basketball team.
 He was selected in the 1975 NBA draft by the Phoenix Suns in the second round (18 pick overall), but did not sign.
David Anderson Kool (born September 23, 1987) is a former collegiate basketball player for the Western Michigan Broncos men's basketball team.
 He is six feet three inches tall and weighs 200 lbs.
 Kool is WMU's all-time leading scorer and was named Mid-American Conference (MAC) Player of the Year in his senior season.
 Kool is currently the head men's basketball coach at Jenison High School in Jenison, Michigan.
 Kool previously served as assistant coach for the WMU men's basketball team from 2011–13.
The Big Blue Nation is the fan base of University of Kentucky (UK) athletics programs, particularly the men's basketball team, the women's basketball team and the football team.
 The Big Blue Nation is a reference to both the signature color of UK athletics (blue) and the fact that when the Wildcats play at a neutral site, the school's fans frequently make up a disproportionate majority of the crowd.
 For example, Yahoo! Sports columnist Pat Forde, a resident of Kentucky's largest city of Louisville, remarked after the 2014–15 men's basketball team finished its regular season undefeated,The Southeastern Conference tournament is in nearby Nashville, and you can expect the seats to be 90 percent blue when the Cats play.
 Then they'll start the NCAA tournament in Louisville's home area, the Yum Center ("sic"), in a city where about 40 percent of the population roots for UK.
 The following weekend assuredly will be spent in Cleveland, a manageable drive from the Bluegrass State, and the Final Four is in Indianapolis, which is 114 miles up I-65 from the Ohio River that separates Kentucky and Indiana.
 You could put NCAA tourney sites in Kabul, Marrakesh and Reykjavík, and Kentucky would have the most fans in the gym.
 But when you make the commute this easy, the Big Blue occupation will be overwhelming.
 Fans sometimes range beyond the borders of their nation, with anecdotal evidence suggesting the Wildcats men's basketball team once even drew a sizable horde of blue-clad supporters at an exhibition game in Japan.
