"In His Eyes" is a song performed in the musical "Jekyll and Hyde", composed by Frank Wildhorn with lyrics by Frank Wildhorn, Leslie Bricusse and Steve Cuden.
 "Jekyll and Hyde" premiered on Broadway in 1997 and has since seen many subsequent international, as well as regional, productions.
 In 2013, the show was revived on Broadway.
 The song appeared in the Original Broadway production performed by Linda Eder and Christiane Noll.
Inside America is a 2010 Austrian drama film written and directed by Barbara Eder.
 The film is Eder's debut and it won the Special Jury Prize at the Max Ophüls Film Festival.
Anne Cochran is a singer-songwriter from Cleveland, Ohio.
 She is best known as the lead touring vocalist for pianist and songwriter Jim Brickman, with whom she shared the top 5 Adult Contemporary radio format hit single "After All These Years" in 1998.
 She has also released a number of solo albums, and the single "Someone Is Missing at Christmas" from her album "This is the Season" peaked at number 11 on the US Adult contemporary chart in 2005.
 She has shared duets with musicians and artists such as Donny Osmond, Michael Feinstein, Collin Raye, Dave Koz, Richie McDonald, Orlagh Fallon, Tracy Silverman, Jeff Timmons, Kristy Starling, Mario Frangoulis, Wayne Brady, Michael Bolton, Linda Eder and Mark Masri.
Linda Eder ( ; born February 3, 1961) is an American singer and actress.
 She made her Broadway debut in the musical "Jekyll & Hyde", originating the role of Lucy, for which she was nominated for the Drama Desk Award.
 Eder has performed in concert halls across the country including Carnegie Hall and Radio City Musical Hall.
 She has released 15 solo albums.
Bill Grainer is a Grammy certified American songwriter and producer.
 He has written for such artists as Jai McDowall, Linda Eder, and Jennifer Hudson, with whom he co-wrote the song "Stand Up" for her Grammy Award-winning self-titled debut album.
The Belleayre Music Festival is an annual festival in the Catskill Mountains of Upstate New York.
 Founded in Highmount, NY, Phyllis and Mel Litoff, raised the prominence of the festival after becoming co-artistic directors in 1993.
 Since then, the festival has hosted such artists as James Blunt, Rosanne Cash, Branford Marsalis, Frankie Valli, Obie Benson, Lyle Lovett, The Neville Brothers, Linda Eder, Ray Charles, and Wynton Marsalis.
Rebecca Spencer is an American singer and actress known for her roles in musicals and on the concert and cabaret stages.
 Over the course of her career she has performed principal roles in over 50 opera, national tour, regional and Off-Broadway productions.
 She created the role of Lisa Carew in the world premiere of Frank Wildhorn's Jekyll and Hyde at the Alley Theatre, opposite Linda Eder and Chuck Wagner, and premiered the role of Madame Giry in the $35 million production of Phantom - The Las Vegas Spectacular, under the direction of Harold Prince.
Sam Levene (August 28, 1905 – December 28, 1980) was an American Broadway and film actor.
 He made his Broadway debut in 1927 with five lines in a play titled "Wall Street", and over a span of nearly 50 years, appeared on Broadway in 37 Shows, of which 33 were the original Broadway Productions, many now considered legendary.
 Levene made his film debut in 1936, recreating the role of Patsy that he had played in the Broadway production of "Three Men on a Horse" in 1935.
 He also appeared in the USO Tour of this same Show; the Radio Version; the Musical version that opened on Broadway called "Let It Ride" (1961) as well as the 1969 Broadway Revival of the play directed by George Abbott, the original Broadway Director and co-author.
The Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre is a performing arts venue located in the Cumberland/Galleria edge city, just northwest of Atlanta, Georgia.
 The $145 million facility celebrated its grand opening September 15, 2007, with a concert by Michael Feinstein and Linda Eder.
Flora the Red Menace is a musical with a book by George Abbott and Robert Russell, music by John Kander, and lyrics by Fred Ebb.
 The original 1965 production starred Liza Minnelli in the title role in her Broadway debut, for which she won a Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical.
 This was the first collaboration between Kander and Ebb, who later wrote Broadway and Hollywood hits such as "Cabaret" and "Chicago".
