Ganjam Kewda Rooh (Screw pine, IPA:/Kia /, "Pandanus fascicularis") is a plant native to the Indian state of Odisha primarily in the Ganjam district.
 Kewda has been identified as a Geographical Indications in India.
Chatrapur (also spelt as Chhatrapur) is a town and a notified area committee in Ganjam District in the state of Odisha, India.
 It is the headquarters town of Ganjam District.
 There are two railway stations in Chatrapur; they are Chatrapur Station and Chatrapur Court Station.
Berhampur (IPA: /bərɵmpu:r /) is a municipal corporation located on the eastern coastline of Ganjam district of the Indian state of Odisha in East India, about 169 km south of the state capital Bhubaneshwar and 255 km north of Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh.
 It is one of the oldest and largest cities of Odisha.
 Nicknamed "The Silk City", it is famous for its silk "saris", temples and unique culture.
 The population of the city is 355,823 as of the 2011 Census of India (provisional) without agglomeration (without including the extended portion of the city), making it the fourth most populous urban city in Odisha state and 126th in India.
 The city is situated at 19° 20’ N Latitude 84° 50’ E Longitude.
 Its average elevation above Mean Sea Level is 24.000 m. To cater the growing demand of the nearby industries, port and upcoming industrial park the development authority of Brahmapur has planned to build a new city at Sitalapalli village called "Berhampur North City" which will be situated in close proximity to the new airport, the district headquarters, the port and Gopalpur SEZ by Tata.
Ganjam district is a district in the Indian state of Odisha.
 Ganjam's total area is 8,070 km² (3,116 mi²).
The Eastern Ganga dynasty or Chodaganga dynasty was a medieval Indian dynasty that reigned from Kalinga from the 11th century to the early 15th century.
 Their rule consisted of the whole of the modern-day Indian state of Odisha as well as parts of West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
 Their capital was known by the name Kalinganagara, which is the modern Srimukhalingam in Srikakulam District of Andhra Pradesh bordering Odisha which was earlier part of Ganjam District of Odisha.
 Today, they are most remembered as the builders of the Konark Sun Temple, a UNESCO World Heritage site at Konark, Odisha.
Ganjam is a town and a notified area council in Ganjam district in the state of Odisha, India.
Randha is one of the significant village in the Kanisi Tehsil of Ganjam district in the Indian State of Odisha(ଓଡ଼ିଶା).
 The Pincode of Randha is 761008.
 The village is 31.2 km from its district main sub-division Chatrapur and is 180 km from its State capital Bhubaneswar .
 Randha is a suburb of the city Berhampur(ବ୍ରହ୍ମପୁର in Oriya) and is only 6 km away.
Golia is a village located in the Ganjam District of the Indian state of Odisha.
 It is governed by a panchayat, which also governs several nearby villages, and is famous for the large number of turtles in Nelia Pond beside the temple of Shiva.
 Golia is 76 km away from the city of Brahampur and 159 km away from the state capital, Bhubaneswar.
Kukudakhandi popularly known as KKD is one of the significant town in the Kukudakhandi Tehsil of Ganjam district in the Indian State of Odisha.
 The village is 31.2 km from its district main sub-division Chatrapur and is 149 km from its State capital Bhubaneswar .
 KKD is more often considered as a part of the city Berhampur
Ganjam Hill Tracts Agency was an agency in the Ganjam district of the erstwhile Madras Presidency, British India.
 It was created by the Act XXIV of 1839 from the 'Maliahs' or Highlands, the tribal lands inhabited by the Khonds and the Savarahs.
 The territory consists of the western part of Ganjam district.
 It was about five-twelfths of the district and had a total area of 3,500 square miles.
