Anthony Parel (born 1926) is a Canadian historian, author and academic.
 He has authored and edited a number of books, on subjects including Thomas Aquinas, Niccolò Machiavelli, Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and South Asian history.
Herfried Münkler (born August 15, 1951) is a German political scientist.
 He is a Professor of Political Theory at Humboldt University in Berlin.
 Münkler is a regular commentator on global affairs in the German-language media and author of numerous books on the history of political ideas (German: "Ideengeschichte"), on state-building and on the theory of war, such as "Machiavelli" (1982), "Gewalt und Ordnung" (1992), "The New Wars" (orig.
 2002) and "Empires: The Logic of World Domination from Ancient Rome to the United States" (orig.
 2005).
 In 2009 Münkler was awarded the Leipzig Book Fair Prize in the category "Non-fiction" for "Die Deutschen und ihre Mythen" (engl.
 "the Germans and their myths").
Benyamin Cohen (born 1975) was the founder and editor of both Jewsweek and American Jewish Life Magazine He is the author of the memoir "My Jesus Year: A Rabbi's Son Wanders the Bible Belt in Search of His Own Faith".
 Publisher's Weekly named it one of the best books of the year, and Cohen received the Georgia Author of the Year Award.
 He was the founder and editor of the award-winning national magazine American Jewish Life and the online magazine Jewsweek, and he has written for the Huffington Post, the Daily Beast, the Washington Post, and Slate.
 Prior to that he edited Torah from Dixie, thoughts on the weekly Bible portion, which was later turned into a book by the same name.
 He is now the content director for the Mother Nature Network, a science and environmental news website.
Gong Byeong-Ho (born in May 10, 1960) is a South Korean libertarian scholar, economist, and author.
 After graduating from Korea University, Dr. Gong received his Ph.D in Economics at Rice University in 1987.
 Amongst the hundreds of books that he has written so far, the most influential include "Korea, 10 Years Later", "Gong Byeong-Ho's Self-Management", "Standing Up as a One-Man Company", "Thoughts of a Rich Man and Poor Man", "Gong Byeong-Ho's Greek Classics".
 In the year 2013, Dr. Gong wrote "Gong Byeong-Ho’s Life Philosophy", "To My Son in the Military", "Korea, 5 Years Later through the Lens of Developmental Psychology."
 In 2014, Dr. Gong wrote "Gong Byeong-Ho’s Bible Study", "God that Gong Byeong-Ho Met", "Jesus that Gong Byeong-Ho Met".
 Currently Dr. Gong is the President of the Gong Institute.
Mera Joan Flaumenhaft (born 1945) is an American scholar and translator specializing primarily in political theory.
 She is currently a Tutor in English at St. John's College, Annapolis MD.
 Her translation of Niccolò Machiavelli's "Mandragola" is widely used in college courses throughout the country.
 She received her Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Chicago in 1966, before moving on to get a Master of Arts (1967) and the Ph.D. in English from the University of Pennsylvania in 1970.
 Her dissertation was entitled "Politics and Technique in the Plays of John Arden".
 While at the University of Pennsylvania she was both a Woodrow Wilson Fellow and a University of Pennsylvania Foundation Fellow.
 She was also an Assistant Professor of English at Anne Arundel Community College.
 She is the author of ""The Civic Spectacle: Essays on Drama and Community"" and ""Priam the Patriarch, his City and his Sons"".
 She is married to the political scientist Harvey Flaumenhaft.
 She is the daughter of the educator and author Joseph Oxenhorn and the sister of the scholar and author Harvey Oxenhorn.
Angelo M. Codevilla (born May 25, 1943) is professor emeritus of international relations at what is now the Pardee School of Global Studies at Boston University.
 He served as a U.S. Navy officer, a foreign service officer, and professional staff member of the Select Committee on Intelligence of the United States Senate.
 Codevilla's books and articles range from French and Italian politics to the thoughts of Machiavelli and Montesquieu to arms control, war, the technology of ballistic missile defenses, and a broad range of international topics.
 Articles by Codevilla have appeared in "Commentary", "Foreign Affairs", "National Review", and the "The New Republic".
 His op-eds have appeared in "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal", and "The Washington Post".
 He has also been published in "Political Science Reviewer", "Intercollegiate Review", "Politica".
Eladio Torres, (born July 25, 1950) is a Puerto Rican poet, musician, composer and singer.
 He is the author of "Tú Vives en mi Pensamiento" ("You Live in my Thoughts") a Puerto Rican Danza.
 Versions have been performed and recorded by Marco Antonio Muñíz, Danny Rivera, Ruth Fernández, Cheo Feliciano and Orquesta Filarmónica de Puerto Rico (Puerto Rico Philharmonic Orchestra).
 Torres is a composer of popular musical genres.
Stanley Bing is the pen name of Gil Schwartz (born May 20, 1951 in New York, NY), a business humorist and novelist.
 He has written a column for "Fortune" magazine for more than twenty years, after having spent a decade at "Esquire".
 He is the author of thirteen books including "What Would Machiavelli Do?"
 and "The Curriculum", a satirical textbook for a business school that also offers lessons on the Web.
 Schwartz is the senior executive vice president of corporate communications and Chief Communications Officer for CBS.
Sebastian de Grazia (1917- 2000) was an American author.
 Born in Chicago, he received his bachelor's degree and a doctorate in political science from the University of Chicago.
 During World War II he served in the Office of Strategic Services, predecessor to the Central Intelligence Agency as an analyst.
 In 1962-1988 he taught political philosophy at Rutgers University.
 He received the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography for his 1989 book "Machiavelli in Hell".
 He is also the author of "The Political Community" (1948), "Errors of Psychotherapy" (1952), and "A Country with No Name" (1997).
Ernest James Myers (born at Keswick 13 October 1844; died at Etchingham, Sussex, 25 November 1921), was a poet, Classicist and author.
 He was the second son of the Rev. Frederic Myers, author of "Catholic Thoughts", and Susan Harriett Myers (née Marshall).
 (His elder brother was F W H Myers, the poet, critic and psychical researcher.)
