Trump Tower at City Center is a 35-story condominium located in the city of White Plains in Westchester County, New York.
 It was completed in 2005, and it opened on September 21 of that year with 212 residences.
 The Trump Organization (partnered with Westchester developer Louis R. Cappelli) led the development, sales, and management of the building.
 The building is attached to a municipal parking building whose rooftop holds the outdoor amenities for the Trump Tower residents.
 Rooftop amenities include a pool and lounge area, two tennis courts and a paddle board court.
Social media use in the fashion industry has enabled average consumers and regular people to have much more interaction with fashion designers and high-end clothing, shoes and accessory firms.
 Unlike traditional advertising platforms, such as billboard ads, magazine ads and television commercials, which the fashion company and their advertising agency had complete control over, when fashion companies do a social media marketing campaign in the 2010s, average consumers and regular people can post online comments immediately below the fashion company's social media advertisement.
 This accessibility is due to the increased usage of social media since 2009.
 Social media is a real time platform that reaches across the globe; this has had a great impact on how consumers interact with the fashion industry.
 Social media has brought about new channels of advertising for fashion houses to reach their target markets.
The 2016 presidential campaign of Donald Trump, an American businessman, television personality, and author, was formally launched on June 16, 2015, at Trump Tower in New York City.
 Trump was the Republican nominee for President of the United States in the 2016 election, having won the most state primaries, caucuses, and delegates at the 2016 Republican National Convention.
 He chose Mike Pence, the sitting Governor of Indiana, as his vice presidential running mate.
 On November 8, 2016, Trump and Pence were elected president and vice president of the United States.
Brad Parscale (born January 3, 1976) is an American digital media and political strategist.
 He served as the digital media director for Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.
 Parscale began working for the Trump Organization in 2011, developing and designing websites, and creating and managing digital media strategies.
 In early 2015, Trump hired Parscale and his firm, Giles-Parscale, to create a website for his exploratory campaign.
 When Trump declared himself a Republican candidate in 2015, one of the first people he called was Parscale, asking him to update his exploratory campaign site into a "full-fledged presidential campaign website."
 Throughout the Republican primary, Parscale was responsible for the Donald J. Trump for President website, as well as for digital media strategy and online fundraising campaigns.
 In June 2016, Parscale was officially named digital media director for the Donald J. Trump for President campaign, overseeing all aspects of digital media and online fundraising, as well as traditional media strategy, like radio and television placements.
 In January 2017, Parscale, along with another senior Trump aide, Nick Ayers, formally launched America First Policies, a non-profit organization that promotes President Trump's agenda and White House initiatives.
The John Hancock Center is a 100-story, 1,128-foot (343.7 m) supertall skyscraper at 875 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois, United States.
 It was constructed under the supervision of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, with chief designer Bruce Graham and structural engineer Fazlur Khan.
 When the building topped out on May 6, 1968, it was the second tallest building in the world and the tallest outside of New York City.
 It is currently the fourth-tallest building in Chicago and the eighth-tallest in the United States, after One World Trade Center, the Willis Tower, 432 Park Avenue, the Trump Tower Chicago, the Empire State Building, the Bank of America Tower, and the Aon Center.
 When measured to the top of its antenna masts, it stands at 1500 ft .
 The building is home to offices and restaurants, as well as about 700 condominiums, and contains the third highest residence in the world, after the Burj Khalifa in Dubai and the Trump Tower in Chicago.
 The building was named for John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, a developer and original tenant of the building.
Trump Tower is a 58-story, 664 ft mixed-use skyscraper located at 721–725 Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
 Trump Tower serves as the headquarters for The Trump Organization.
 Additionally, it houses the penthouse condominium residences of the building's namesake and developer, U.S. President Donald Trump, who was a businessman and real estate developer when the tower was developed.
 Several members of the Trump family also reside, or have resided, in the building.
 The tower stands upon a plot where the flagship store of department-store chain Bonwit Teller was formerly located.
Vichy Republican is a term that emerged on social media in 2016 in regards to the United States Presidential campaign ofDonald Trump.
 To Trump opponents, it refers to members of the Republican Party that have chosen to support Donald Trump's candidacy.
The 2016 presidential campaign of Lincoln Chafee, the 74th Governor of Rhode Island, and former United States Senator from Rhode Island, was formally launched on June 3, 2015.
 His campaign for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election was his first campaign as a Democrat, after having previously been elected senator as a Republican, and governor as an independent.
The 2016 presidential campaign of George Pataki, the 53rd Governor of New York, was formally launched on May 28, 2015.
 After having considered a candidacy in previous cycles, his campaign for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election was his first bid for the presidency.
On June 9, 2016, a meeting was held in Trump Tower in New York City between three senior members of the presidential campaign of Donald TrumpDonald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafortand at least five other people, including Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya.
 The meeting was arranged by publicist and long-time Trump acquantiance, Rob Goldstone on behalf of his client, singer-songwriter Emin Agalarov.
 It was disclosed to U.S. government officials when Kushner filed a revised version of his security clearance form.
