"Caramel" is the second single released from American R&B/hip hop trio City High's self-titled debut album in 2001.
The song was actually written based on the appearance and personality of Brian Gough, though he is actually 5'6" with brown eyes not 5'5" with brown eyes.
 It is the group's second most successful single, peaking at number 18 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number nine on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks in the U.S. in January 2002.
The Long Island Rugged Maniac 5K Obstacle Course event has been held annually in Wild Mountain since 2013.
 The event currently takes place at the Wild Mountain Ski Area.
"Wild Mountain Thyme" (also known as "Purple Heather" and "Will Ye Go, Lassie, Go?")
 is a Scottish folk song that was collected by Francis McPeake 1st, who wrote the song himself for his wife.
 The McPeake family claim recognition for the writing of the song.
 Francis McPeake is a member of a well known musical family in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
 The lyrics and melody are a variant of the song "The Braes of Balquhither" by Scottish poet Robert Tannahill (1774–1810), a contemporary of Robert Burns.
 Tannahill's original song, first published in Robert Archibald Smith's "Scottish Minstrel" (1821–24), is about the hills ("braes") around Balquhidder near Lochearnhead.
 Like Burns, Tannahill collected and adapted traditional songs, and "The Braes of Balquhither" may have been based on the traditional song "The Braes o' Bowhether".
"Beautiful Brown Eyes" is a traditional country song arranged by Fiddlin' Arthur Smith & Alton Delmore of The Delmore Brothers in 1951.
 An award was presented to Alton Delmore for "Beautiful Brown Eyes" in 1951.
Bakhmull is an Aboriginal Afghan Hound belonging to an ancient group of oriental sighthounds.
 The Afghan Royal Family were the only humans who possessed this breed.
 The bakhmull tazi (tazi means " fast running sighthound" ) is a long haired variety of sighthounds in Afghanistan.
 There are two more: Luchak tazi short haired like sloughi and Khalagh tazi with moderate long hair on ears, shoulders, elbows and thighs.Bakhmull tazi has developed in the mountain areas of Mid and Central Asia - ancient Punjab, Paunchala, "Five river land".
 This dog breed roots back presumably in the ancient Indian Harappa( Mohenjo Daro) civilization 2300 - 1700 B.C.
 If translated from Pashto (Afghan) the word "bakhmull" means "velvet" due to its incredible silky velvet, long, ivory color hair of the coat, rather abundant and long on the whole body, because it is a mountain oriental sighthound, except the "saddle", front parts of four legs and the muzzle.
 Its color is always fawn, ivory or white with a darker "saddle", thus it produces an impression of a fawn (yellowish) dog which coat color is protective khaki that matches sandstone and limestone of the Hindu Kush mountain landscape and deserts.
 Following colors are not permissible: red, red with white spots, black and black with white spots.
 Bakhmulls hunt the wild ram, ibex (wild mountain goat), hare, fox, wolf, jackal, wild big cats, in old times leopard, but never birds.
 They are also good guards; they guard homes and flocks of sheep.
 They hunt solo, in couples and rarely in packs.
 Since the 1980s the centre of Bakhmull breeding is in Russia, "The Blue Dale el Bark Bakhmull" Moscow, where they are spread all over the former Soviet Republics and various regions.
 The foundation stock was brought to Russia in the 70s by military men from Afghanistan.
 Breed Standard for tazi BAKHMULL (aboriginal Afghan Hound) was adopted in Moscow, Russia (since Russia has become the 2nd motherland of bakhmulls) first in 1985 and later after detailed elaboration in 1997 (RFOS-RKF).
American country artist Crystal Gayle has released fifteen music videos and sixty-eight singles.
 The latter includes six promotional singles, three singles as a collaborative artist, and five singles as a featured artist.
 Gayle's debut single was 1970's "I've Cried (The Blue Right Out of My Eyes)" via Decca Records, which reached the top-forty of the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 Encouraged by her sister to develop her own musical style, Gayle signed with United Artists Records where she began recording country pop material.
 That year "Wrong Road Again" reached the sixth position on the country songs chart, launching several major country hits including "I'll Do It All Over Again", and her first number one hit "I'll Get Over You".
 Gayle released "Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue" in 1977 which became her signature song and brought her crossover pop success.
 It topped the country songs chart, reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100, and became an international hit.
 Its success elevated Gayle's career and was followed by three more number one country singles: "Ready for the Times to Get Better", "Why Have You Left the One You Left Me For", and the top-twenty pop hit "Talking in Your Sleep".
"A Pair of Brown Eyes" is a single by The Pogues, released on 18 March 1985.
 The single was their first to make the UK Top 100, peaking at Number 72.
 It featured on the band's second album, "Rum Sodomy & the Lash", and was composed by Pogues front man Shane MacGowan, on the melody of "Wild Mountain Thyme", also known as "Will Ye Go Lassie Go," a song by Francis McPeake in a traditional Irish folk style.
Brown Eyes (Korean: 브라운아이즈) is a South Korean male duo consisting of members, Yoon Gun and Naul.
 Brown Eyes released their first album, "Brown Eyes" on June 7, 2001.
The album includes covers of Bob Dylan's "Sweetheart Like You" and The Blue Nile's "The Downtown Lights".
 The song "Muddy, Sam, And Otis", is his tribute to Muddy Waters, Sam Cooke, and Otis Redding.
 Track 12, later released as a single featuring the Scottish Euro '96 Football Squad, "Purple Heather" is a folk song that normally goes by the name "Wild Mountain Thyme".
 It is often credited as traditional, but was written by The McPeakes.
 "Leave Virginia Alone" was written by Tom Petty and recorded for his album "Wildflowers", but was left off the finished album and given to Stewart instead.
"Brown Eyes" is a song by Fleetwood Mac from the 1979 double LP "Tusk".
 It was one of six songs written and sung by Christine McVie.
 Original guitarist Peter Green also took part in the sessions for "Brown Eyes", but his playing on the track is not credited on the album.
 Due to his deteriorating health in the 70s, Green admitted in 1999 that he had no recollection of this contribution.
 "Brown Eyes" was also performed on the Mirage Tour and the Shakin the Cage tour.
