Brookhaven is a city in the northeastern suburbs of Atlanta and is located in western DeKalb County, Georgia, United States, directly northeast of Atlanta.
 On July 31, 2012, Brookhaven was approved in a referendum to become DeKalb County's 11th city.
 Incorporation officially took place on December 17, 2012, on which date municipal operations commenced.
 With a population of around 49,000, it is the largest city in DeKalb County.
 The new city stretches over 12 square miles.
Vernon Jones (born October 31, 1960) is an African-American Democratic politician from the US state of Georgia.
 Jones was chief executive officer of Dekalb County, Georgia, from 2001 until 2009, and in the Georgia House of Representatives from 1993 to 2001.
 As Dekalb County CEO, Jones presided over the Board of Commissioners, oversaw a 7,000 employee county workforce, and managed a $2.6 billion county operating budget.
 He unsuccessfully ran for the US Senate in 2008.
 After unsuccessful runs for the US House of Representatives (2010) and DeKalb County Sheriff (2014), Jones was elected to the Georgia House in 2016.
Buford Highway (also Buford Highway Corridor), a.k.a. the DeKalb International Corridor, and in the 1990-2000's as the DeKalb County International Village district, is a community northeast of the city of Atlanta, celebrated for its ethnic diversity and spanning multiple counties including Fulton, Dekalb, and Gwinnett counties in the U.S. state of Georgia.
 The area generally spans along and on either side of a stretch of Georgia State Route 13 (SR 13) in DeKalb County.
 It begins just north of Midtown Atlanta, continues northeast through the towns of Brookhaven, Chamblee, and Doraville, and ends 1.3 mi northeast of the Atlanta Bypass at the DeKalb–Gwinnett county line.
The DeKalb County School District (DCSD) is a school district headquartered at 1701 Mountain Industrial Boulevard in the City of Tucker, DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
 DCSD operates public schools in areas of DeKalb County that are not within the city limits of Atlanta and Decatur.
The DeKalb County Courthouse is located in the county seat of DeKalb County, Illinois, U.S.A., the city of Sycamore.
 The Classical Revival structure sits on a square facing Illinois Route 64 as it passes through the city.
 The current courthouse was constructed in 1905 amid controversy over where the courthouse and thus, ultimately, the county seat would be located.
 The current building is the third structure to bear the name "DeKalb County Courthouse."
 DeKalb County's Courthouse still serves as the county's primary judicial center and is a contributing property to the Sycamore Historic District.
 The district joined the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 As the county's primary courthouse for over 100 years, the site has been host to many trials, including prominent murder cases.
DeKalb County Fire and Rescue is the exclusive provider of Fire services for the unincorporated areas of DeKalb County, Georgia.
 The agency also serves all incorporated cities in the county with the exception of Decatur and the small portion of Atlanta that extends into DeKalb County from the city's eastern fringes.
 Stone Mountain Park which is located within the county is served by its own separate department.
 It still relies on the county for assistance with regards to fire and some medical related incidents.
 The department serves a population in excess of 700,000.
 DeKalb County, Georgia is the state's largest in terms of population density.
 In 2015, the agency responded to over 110,000 calls for fire and EMS emergencies; which is more than any other Fire Department in Georgia, including Atlanta.
Southwest DeKalb High School (SWD) is a high school located in unincorporated DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
 It is a part of the DeKalb County School System.
 It houses one of the three High Achievers Magnet Programs in DeKalb County, the others being Chamblee High School and Arabia Mountain High School.
DeKalb–Peachtree Airport (IATA: PDK, ICAO: KPDK, FAA LID: PDK) is a county owned, public use airport in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
 The airport is located in Chamblee, Georgia, just northeast of Atlanta.
 It is also known commonly as Peachtree–DeKalb Airport, or simply PDK.
 Other names (rarely used) include Peachtree Airport, DeKalb Airport, or DeKalb County Airport.
 ASOS weather reports are produced 24 hours per day as "Chamblee".
 It has airline service with Ultimate Air Shuttle to Cincinnati and Southern Airways Express to Memphis and Destin.
James R. Hallford Stadium is a football stadium in Clarkston, Georgia.
 It was the home stadium of Georgia Generals of the American Soccer League and Atlanta Silverbacks of the A-League until they moved to the RE/MAX Greater Atlanta Stadium in 2004.
 The stadium holds 15,000 spectators and is currently used by two DeKalb County high schools.
 The stadium is also used by all DeKalb County high school football teams for all home state football playoff games as this is the largest stadium and the only stadium with bleachers on both sides of the field in the DeKalb County School District.
 The GHSA held football championship games here in 1970, 1972, 1973, 1993, and 1995
Michael L. Thurmond (born 5 January 1953) is the Chief Executive Officer of DeKalb County, Georgia.
 He has distinguished himself as an attorney, author, lecturer and public servant.
 Thurmond served as the interim superintendent of the DeKalb County School District, the third largest district in the state of Georgia from 2013-2015.
 The district serves nearly 99,000 students with over 13,400 employees.
 Thurmond was the Democratic Party's nominee for United States Senate in 2010.
 Prior to becoming DeKalb's Schools Superintendent, Thurmond was an attorney at Butler Wooten Cheeley & Peak LLP, a nationally known civil trial practice that has four times set the record civil jury verdict in the State of Georgia and also obtained for its client the largest collected judgment in U.S. history.
