So Disdained is the second published novel by British author, Nevil Shute (N.S. Norway).
 It was first published in 1928 by Cassell & Co., reissued in 1951 by William Heinemann, and issued in paperback by Pan Books in 1966.
 In the United States it is known as The Mysterious Aviator, and was first published by Houghton Mifflin in Boston in 1928.
Marazan is the first published novel by the British author Nevil Shute.
 It was originally published in 1926 by Cassell & Co, then republished in 1951 by William Heinemann.
 The events of the novel occur, in part, around the Isles of Scilly.
Slide Rule: Autobiography of an Engineer is the partial autobiography of the British novelist Nevil Shute.
 It was first published in 1954.
 "Slide Rule" concentrates on Nevil Shute's work in aviation, ending in 1938 when he left the industry.
In The Wet is a novel by Nevil Shute that was first published in the United Kingdom in 1953.
 It contains many of the typical elements of a hearty and adventurous Shute yarn such as flying, the future, mystic states, and ordinary people doing extraordinary things.
On the Beach is a 1959 American post-apocalyptic science fiction drama film from United Artists, produced and directed by Stanley Kramer, that stars Gregory Peck, Ava Gardner, Fred Astaire and Anthony Perkins.
 This black-and-white film is based on Nevil Shute's 1957 novel of the same name depicting the aftermath of a nuclear war.
 Unlike the novel, no blame is placed on whoever started the war; it is hinted in the film that the threat of annihilation may have arisen from an accident or misjudgment.
A Town Like Alice (United States title: "The Legacy") is an economic development and romance novel by Nevil Shute, published in 1950 when Shute had newly settled in Australia.
 Jean Paget, a young Englishwoman, becomes romantically interested in a fellow prisoner of World War II in Malaya, and after liberation emigrates to Australia to be with him, where she attempts, by investing her substantial financial inheritance, to generate economic prosperity in a small outback community — to turn it into "a town like Alice" i.e. Alice Springs.
Trustee from the Toolroom is a novel written by Nevil Shute.
 Shute died in January 1960; "Trustee" was published posthumously later that year.
Australia, unlike Europe, does not have a long history in the genre of science fiction.
 Nevil Shute's "On the Beach", published in 1957, and filmed in 1959, was perhaps the first notable international success.
 Though not born in Australia, Shute spent his latter years there, and the book was set in Australia.
 It might have been worse had the imports of American pulp magazines not been restricted during WWII, forcing local writers into the field.
 Various compilation magazines began appearing in the 1960s and the field has continued to expand into some significance.
 Today Australia has a thriving SF/Fantasy genre with names recognised around the world.
 In 2013 a trilogy by Sydney-born Ben Peek was sold at auction to a UK publisher for a six-figure deal .
No Highway is a 1948 novel by Nevil Shute.
 It later formed the basis of the 1951 film "No Highway in the Sky".
 The novel contains many of the ingredients that made Shute popular as a novelist, and, like several other of Shute's later novels, includes an element of the supernatural.
Nevil Shute Norway (17 January 189912 January 1960) was an English novelist and aeronautical engineer who spent his later years in Australia.
 He used his full name in his engineering career and Nevil Shute as his pen name to protect his engineering career from any potential negative publicity in connection with his novels, which included "On the Beach" and "A Town Like Alice".
