Rishi Pahar is a Himalayan mountain peak, located in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India.
 It lies at the northeast corner of the ring of peaks surrounding the Nanda Devi Sanctuary, and on the eastern rim of the Nanda Devi Biosphere Reserve, just south of Trishuli and Hardeol.
 The Milam Glacier lies on its east flank.
 It marks the triple divide between the Milam, Dunagiri, and Uttari Rishi Ganga valleys.
 Rishi Pahar means 'The Peak of Saint' in Hindi.
Nanda Kot (Hindi-नन्दा कोट) is a mountain peak of the Himalaya range located in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India.
 It lies in the Kumaon Himalaya, just outside the ring of peaks enclosing the Nanda Devi Sanctuary, 15 km southeast of Nanda Devi itself.
 The name Nanda Kot literally means "Nanda's Fortress" and refers to the abode of one of the sacred forms of the Hindu Goddess Parvati who in legend has made her sanctuary amongst the ring of lofty mountains in the region.
Trisul (Hindi: त्रिसूल ) is a group of three Himalayan mountain peaks of western Kumaun, with the highest (Trisul I) reaching 7120m.
 The three peaks resemble a trident - in Hindi/Sanskrit, Trishula, trident, is the weapon of Shiva.
 The Trishul group forms the southwest corner of the ring of peaks enclosing the Nanda Devi Sanctuary, about 15 km west-southwest of Nanda Devi itself.
 The main peak, Trisul I, was the first peak over 7000 m to have ever been climbed, in 1907.
The Nanda Devi National Park, established in 1982, is a national park situated around the peak of Nanda Devi (7816 m) in the state of Uttarakhand in northern India.
 The entire park lies at an elevation of more than 3500 m above mean sea level.
The Shipton–Tilman Nanda Devi expeditions took place in the 1930s.
 Nanda Devi is a Himalayan mountain in what was then the Garhwal District in northern India, just west of Nepal, and at one time it was thought to be the highest mountain in the world.
Sunanda Devi (Hindi: सुनन्दा देवी ) previously known as Nanda Devi East is the lower of the two adjacent peaks of the highest mountain in Uttarakhand and second highest mountain in India; Nanda Devi is its higher twin peak.
 Nanda Devi and Sunanda Devi are part of the Garhwal Himalayas, and are located in the state of Uttarakhand.
 The graceful peaks of twin mountains are visible from almost everywhere in Kumaon.
 The first ascent to the Sunanda Devi peak in recorded history appears to be in 1939 by Jakub Bujak and Janusz Klarner.
 The elevation of Sunanda Devi is 7434 m and its prominence is 260 m .
Nanda Devi is the second highest mountain in India, and the highest located entirely within the country.
 (Kangchenjunga, which is higher, is on the border of India and Nepal.)
 It is the 23rd-highest peak in the world.
 It was considered the highest mountain in the world before computations in 1808 proved Dhaulagiri to be higher.
 It was also the highest mountain in India before 1971 when Sikkim, the state in which Kangchenjunga is located, joined the Republic of India.
 It is part of the Garhwal Himalayas, and is located in the state of Uttarakhand, between the Rishiganga valley on the west and the Goriganga valley on the east.
 The peak, whose name means "Bliss-Giving Goddess", is regarded as the patron-goddess of the Uttarakhand Himalaya.
 In acknowledgment of its religious significance and for the protection of its fragile ecosystem, the peak as well as the circle of high mountains surrounding it—the Nanda Devi sanctuary—were closed to both locals and climbers in 1983.
 The surrounding Nanda Devi National Park was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1988.
Hardeol or 'Temple of God' is one of the major peaks of the Kumaon Himalaya.
 It is the highest peak on the northern side of the ring of peaks guarding the Nanda Devi Sanctuary, and lies at the northeast corner of this ring.
 It is situated at the northern end of the Milam valley, in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand, India.
 To its immediate north lies Trishuli, and just south is Rishi Pahar, on a north-south trending ridge leading eventually to Nanda Devi East.
 Hardeol is also known as Trishuli South.
Valley of Flowers National Park is an Indian national park, located in West Himalaya, in the state of Uttarakhand and is known for its meadows of endemic alpine flowers and the variety of flora.
 This richly diverse area is also home to rare and endangered animals, including the Asiatic black bear, snow leopard, musk deer, brown bear, red fox, and blue sheep.
 Birds found in the park include Himalayan monal pheasant and other high altitude birds.
 At 3352 to 3658 meters above sea level, the gentle landscape of the Valley of Flowers National Park complements the rugged mountain wilderness of Nanda Devi National Park to the east.
 Together, they encompass a unique transition zone between the mountain ranges of the Zanskar and Great Himalaya.
 The park stretches over an expanse of 87.50 km and it is about 8 km long and 2 km wide.
 Both parks are encompassed in the Nanda Devi Biosphere Reserve (223,674 ha) which is further surrounded by a buffer zone (5,148.57 km).
 This Reserve is in the UNESCO World Network of Biosphere Reserves since 2004.
The three-week-long Nanda Devi Raj Jat is a pilgrimage and festival of Uttarakhand in India.
 People from the entire Garhwal division-Kumaon division as well as other parts of India and the world participate in Nanda Devi Raj Jat Yatra.
 The goddess Nanda Devi is worshipped at dozens of places in Kumaon and Garhwal, but the region around Mt. Nanda Devi and its sanctuary, which falls in the Pithoragarh district, Almora district and Chamoli district, is the prime area related to Nanda Devi.
 In Chamoli, Nanda Devi Raj Jaat is organized once in 12 years.
 The Jaat (meaning Yatra or pilgrimage) starts from Nauti village near Karnprayag and goes up to the heights of Roopkund and Homekund with a four horned sheep.
 After the havan - yagna is over, the sheep is freed with decorated ornaments, food and clothings, and the other offerings are discarded.
