"Beefsquatch" is the ninth and final episode of the second season of the animated comedy series "Bob's Burgers".
 The episode premiered on May 20, 2012 in the United States on Fox.
 In the episode, Bob appears in a cooking segment for a talk show.
 He appears alongside Gene, and they become rivals when Gene makes fun of Bob around other people.
Just Do It (stylized as JUST DO IT.)
 is a trademark of shoe company Nike, and one of the core components of Nike's brand.
 The slogan was coined in 1988 at an advertising agency meeting.
 The founder of Wieden+Kennedy agency, Dan Wieden credits the inspiration for his "Just Do It" Nike slogan to Gary Gilmore’s last words: "Let's do it."
 The "Just Do It" campaign allowed Nike to further increase its share of the North American domestic sport-shoe business from 18% to 43%, (from $877 million to $9.2 billion in worldwide sales) from 1988 to 1998.
 In many Nike-related situations, "Just Do It" appears alongside the Nike logo, known as the Swoosh.
Yoshitaka Nishimura (西村宜隆) (born February 9, 1979, Kyushu), better known as DJ YOSHITAKA, is a composer for Konami's line of Bemani games.
 DJ YOSHITAKA has been making solo songs since the release of Beatmania IIDX 11: IIDX RED, though he has had previous BEMANI involvement as a member of Osamu Migitera's Des-ROW group.
 He often composes for the Beatmania IIDX and the Pop'n music series, and then began composing for the Guitar Freaks & DrumMania and the Dance Dance Revolution series on 2005 and 2007, respectively.
 DJ YOSHITAKA still often works with Des-ROW for some Pop'n music songs.
 In the REFLEC BEAT series, DJ YOSHITAKA regularly appears alongside fellow composer Sota Fujimori as a double act, VENUS.
Gille Coluim the Marischal was an official of the Scottish crown in the second half of the 12th century.
 His name occurs in the witness lists of two extant charters, both issued by King William of Scotland at Perth, which indicates that he was probably a native of somewhere in southern Perthshire.
 He seems in fact to have been the lord of Madderty in Strathearn.
 In either 1172 or 1173 he witnessed King William's grant of Ardross to Merleswain mac Cholbaín, a relative of the mormaer of Fife.
; and somewhere between 1178 and 1185 he witnessed the king's grant of lands in Inverness-shire to Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Strathearn.
 In both of these charters, the grants are to native Scots and Gille Coluim appears alongside other native Scots, such as (in both cases) Gille Críst mac ingine Samuel ("Gillecrist mac inien Samüel") and Gille Míchéil mac Donnchada ("Gillemichel mac Dunecan").
 Gille Coluim in both cases appears with the title "Marescal", meaning that he was the king's military commander.
 It appears to be in this role that Gille Coluim was given control of the castle at Auldearn ("Heryn") in Moray during a rebellion by the Meic Uilleim, a royal kindred who were claiming the throne of Scotland.
 A charter issued by King William at Linlithgow, between 1187 and 1189 grants Gille Brigte, mormaer of Strathearn, the land of Madderty and states that neither Gille Coluim nor his heirs have any right to the land after giving up Auldearn to the "Meic Uilleim".
 In the charter, King William declares that Gille Coluim "feloniously surrendered my castle of Heryn and then went over to my mortal enemies in the manner of a wicked traitor and stood with them against me to do as much harm as he could".
 We can be certain then that Gille Coluim surrendered the castle during the insurrection of Domnall MacUilleim ("Donald MacWilliam") which took place between 1179 and 1187.
 Nothing more is heard of Gille Coluim.
 The charter indicates that Gille Coluim was not dead at the time of issue (no later than 1190) and his death is not otherwise reported.
Newspaper display advertising is a form of newspaper advertisement - where the advertisement appears alongside regular editorial content.
 Display ads are generally used by businesses and corporations towards promotion of their goods and services and are generally for larger budget clients.
Rupert "Danny" Pink is a fictional character created by Steven Moffat and portrayed by Samuel Anderson in the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
 He is a supporting character in the eighth series of the program, first appearing in the second episode, "Into the Dalek".
 He appears alongside Peter Capaldi's Twelfth Doctor and his storylines stem primarily from being the colleague, and later boyfriend, of companion Clara Oswald, portrayed by Jenna Coleman.
 He appears in every episode of Series 8 except for the series premiere "Deep Breath" and the third episode "Robot of Sherwood".
Gregoir, Bishop of Dunkeld (died 1169) ruled as Bishop of Dunkeld in the middle of the 12th century.
 He appears in a great number of charters dating to the reigns of David I of Scotland and Máel Coluim IV of Scotland, the earliest of which may date to 1135, although 1146 is the first firm date, when he appears alongside Bishop Andreas of Caithness in the Gaelic "notitiae" on the "Book of Deer".
 He is not the last Gaelic bishop of the diocese, but his death marks the end of dominance of the bishopric by principally Gaelic-speaking bishops.
Delia Murphy Kiernan (16 February 1902 – 11 February 1971) was a singer and collector of Irish ballads.
 She recorded several 78 rpm records in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s.
 In 1962 she recorded her only LP, "The Queen of Connemara", for Irish Prestige Records, New York, on the cover of which her name appears alongside the LP title.
The Hebrew term Abaddon (Hebrew: אֲבַדּוֹן‎ ‎ , "'Ǎḇaddōn "), and its two Greek equivalents Apollyon (, "Apollyon") as a person/being and Τάρταρος Tartaros as a place/time, appears in the Bible as name of a place, time, or personification/incarnation of destructive nature.
 In the Hebrew Bible, "Abaddon" often appears alongside the place שְׁאוֹל ("sheol"), meaning the realm of the dead.
 In the New Testament Book of Revelation, an angel called Abaddon is described as the king of an army of locusts; his name is first transcribed in Greek (Revelation 9:11—"whose name in Hebrew is Abaddon, The Angel of Death."
 (Ἀβαδδὼν), and then translated ("which in Greek means the Destroyer" (Ἀπολλύων, "Apollyon")).
 The Latin Vulgate and the Douay Rheims Bible have additional notes (not present in the Greek text), "in Latin Exterminans", "exterminans" being the Latin word for "destroyer".
Manam (English: "Us" ) is a 2014 Indian Telugu-language fantasy drama film written and directed by Vikram Kumar and produced by Akkineni Family under the Annapurna Studios banner.
 Nagarjuna appears alongside Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Naga Chaitanya, Shriya Saran and Samantha Ruth Prabhu.
 Amitabh Bachchan, Amala, and Nagarjuna's younger son Akkineni Akhil made cameo appearances along with other personalities.
