Pacaha was a Native American tribe encountered in 1541 by the Hernando de Soto expedition.
 This tribe inhabited fortified villages in what is today the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of Arkansas.
The Sulphite Railroad Bridge, also known locally as the Upside-Down Covered Bridge is a historic railroad bridge in Franklin, New Hampshire.
 The bridge was built c. 1896-7 to carry the tracks of the Boston and Maine Railroad across the Winnipesaukee River between Franklin and Tilton.
 It is located about 0.7 mi east of Franklin, and about 350 yd south of US Route 3, and crosses the river at a point where its banks are quite steep; it is not readily visible from any roadway, but may be seen from the Winnipesaukee River Trail.
 The bridge is 234 ft long, and consists of three spans, each supported by Pratt trusses resting on granite piers or abutments.
 The main central span measures 180 ft .
 The bridge is believed to be the only surviving "upside down" covered railroad bridge, in which the rail bed is laid "on top of" the bridge roof, whose purpose is to shelter the trusses below.
 The railroad line was shut down in 1973.
Slater Park is the oldest and largest public park in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
 The park is named after Samuel Slater, a famous American industrialist who constructed America's first water-powered textile mill in Pawtucket.
 The park lies on the banks of the beautiful Ten Mile River and features the 1685 Daggett House, the oldest house in Pawtucket.
 The park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 It also features an original Looff Carousel.
Aquadoctan was one of the largest known Native American villages in what is now the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
 In an area commonly known today as The Weirs (for the semi-permanent fishing weirs the Natives had built on the river), the village lay on the north bank of the Winnipesaukee River at the outlet of Lake Winnipesaukee in the Lakes Region of New Hampshire.
 The site is now in Weirs Beach, a summer resort and village of the city of Laconia.
 The village, whose archaeological remains extend for a half mile along the river and a quarter mile along the lake, has been documented through archaeological investigation to have a settlement history from 9,000 BCE to the late 17th century.
 The site is documented through colonial reports to be substantially abandoned in 1696, when most of New Hampshire's remaining Native population withdrew to join the Pequawket at present-day Fryeburg, Maine.
The Pennacook, also known by the names Penacook, and Pennacock, were a North American people of the Wabanaki Confederacy who primarily inhabited the Merrimack River valley of present-day New Hampshire and Massachusetts, as well as portions of southern Maine.
 They are also sometimes called the Pawtucket people or the Merrimack people.
Casqui was a Native American tribe discovered in 1541 by the Hernando de Soto expedition.
 This tribe inhabited fortified villages in eastern Arkansas.
Thousands of years before Europeans arrived, a large portion of south east Florida, including the area where Miami, Florida exists today, was inhabited by Tequestas.
 The Tequesta (also Tekesta, Tegesta, Chequesta, Vizcaynos) Native American tribe, at the time of first European contact, occupied an area along the southeastern Atlantic coast of Florida.
 They had infrequent contact with Europeans and had largely migrated by the middle of the 18th century.
 Miami is named after the Mayaimi, a Native American tribe that lived around Lake Okeechobee until the 17th or 18th century.
The Lochmere Archeological District is a large archeological area on the banks of the Winnipesaukee River in Belknap County, New Hampshire, near the village of Lochmere.
 The area, part of which is now preserved by the state as the Brennick Lochmere Archaeological Site, is a multi-component site with evidence of human occupation from the Middle Archaic through the Late Woodland periods.
 The site was occupied in historic times by the Winnipesaukee sub-tribe of the Pennacook people, and is near Aquadoctan (aka The Weirs), one of the largest native towns of prehistoric New Hampshire.
San Nicolas Island is the most remote of California's Channel Islands, located 61 miles (98 km) from the nearest point on the mainland coast.
 It is part of Ventura County.
 The 14,562 acre (58.93 km or 22.753 sq mi) island is currently controlled by the United States Navy and is used as a weapons testing and training facility, served by Naval Outlying Field San Nicolas Island.
 The uninhabited island is defined by the United States Census Bureau as Block Group 9, Census Tract 36.04 of Ventura County, California.
 The Nicoleño Native American tribe inhabited the island until 1835.
 As of the 2000 U.S. Census, the island has since remained officially uninhabited, though the census estimates that at least 200 military and civilian personnel live on the island at any given time.
 The island has a small airport and several buildings, including telemetry reception antennas.
Kansas is a U.S. state in the Midwestern United States.
 Its capital is Topeka and its largest city is Wichita.
 Kansas is named after the Kansa Native American tribe, which inhabited the area.
 The tribe's name (natively "kką:ze ") is often said to mean "people of the (south) wind" although this was probably not the term's original meaning.
 For thousands of years, what is now Kansas was home to numerous and diverse Native American tribes.
 Tribes in the eastern part of the state generally lived in villages along the river valleys.
 Tribes in the western part of the state were semi-nomadic and hunted large herds of bison.
