Give a Man a Job is a short film produced in 1933 in conjunction with the National Recovery Administration in which audience members were encouraged to offer jobs to the unemployed in the midst of the Great Depression.
 The film featured Jimmy Durante explaining to an audience through a comic song how they could generate employment.
 Upon learning that a banker drives his own car, Durante suggests that he "hire a chauffeur / And keep a good man from becoming a loafer."
 He also has an exchange with Moe Howard playing an exterminator, suggesting that NRA stands for "No Rats Allowed."
 The film closes with an image of President Franklin Roosevelt and the words "If the old name of Roosevelt / Makes your old heart throb / Then take this message, straight from the President / And give a man a job!"
This Is 40 is a 2012 American comedy film written, co-produced and directed by Judd Apatow, and starring Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann.
 It is the spin-off sequel of "Knocked Up", which starred Seth Rogen and Katherine Heigl.
 Filming was conducted in mid-2011, and the film was released in North America on December 21, 2012.
 The film follows the lives of middle-aged married couple Pete and Debbie as they each turn 40, with their jobs and daughters adding stress to their relationship.
Jeremy Theobald is a British actor best known for his portrayal of "The Young Man", the main character in Christopher Nolan's 1998 major picture debut "Following", and for which Theobald was also a producer, Filming was scheduled around their day jobs.
 Jonathan Romney, writing in the "New Statesman", noted that "Nolan and his cast are terrific finds: I wouldn't normally say this to struggling artists, but they might want to give up their day jobs."
Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine is a documentary film about Steve Jobs directed and produced by Alex Gibney.
 After a few festival showings, the film was released to the Internet on September 4, 2015 and in limited release to theaters on September 19, 2015.
Gyara Hazar Ladkian (Eleven Thousand Girls ) is a 1962 Hindi romantic social drama film directed by K. A. Abbas.
 The film was co-produced by the poet Ali Sardar Jafri, who also helped co-write the story with Abbas.
Salaryman (サラリーマン, , "Sararīman" , salaried man) refers to a man whose income is salary based, particularly those working for corporations.
 It has gradually become accepted in Anglophone countries as a noun for a Japanese white-collar worker or businessman.
 The term salaryman refers exclusively to men; for women the term career woman or, for lower prestige jobs, office lady is used.
Mary Agnes Donoghue (born 1942/1943) is an American screenwriter and director.
 Following early jobs as a secretary and short story writer, Donoghue's first writing credit was the 1984 film "The Buddy System".
 She went on to pen the screenplays for "Beaches" (1988) and "Paradise" (1991), which was also her directorial debut.
 Donoghue co-wrote and co-produced "Deceived" (1991) and two year later, her first play, "Me and Mamie O'Rourke", made its debut at the Strand Theatre in London.
 In the 2000s, Donoghue wrote the screenplay for "White Oleander" (2002) and co-wrote "Veronica Guerin" (2003) with Carol Doyle.
 In 2013, Donoghue wrote and directed "Jenny's Wedding".
The Lobster is a 2015 absurdist dystopian black comedy film directed, co-written, and co-produced by Yorgos Lanthimos, co-produced by Ceci Dempsy, Ed Guiney, and Lee Magiday, and co-written by Efthimis Filippou.
 In the film's setting, single people are given 45 days to find a romantic partner or otherwise be turned into animals.
 It stars Colin Farrell as a newly-single man trying to find someone so he can remain human, and Rachel Weisz as a woman with whom he attempts to form a relationship.
 The film is co-produced by Ireland, United Kingdom, Greece, France and the Netherlands.
Nader Ebrahimi (Persian: نادر ابراهیمی‎ ‎ ; April 3, 1936 – June 5, 2008) was an Iranian writer, screenwriter, photographer, director and actor.
 Son to Ata-ol-molk Ebrahimi, who was a descendant of one of the biggest families of Kerman, he got his diploma in Persian literature, and then went on get a license in English literature.
 He was also affiliated with political activities, which resulted in periods of imprisonment.
 He worked in various jobs, including teaching and banking.
 He directed some TV series and Documentaries, such as "The Sound of the Desert".
 But he's best known as a novelist, for "Three looks at the man coming from", "Forty letters to my wife", "A man in ever lasting banishment", and "Fire without smoke".
 His career ended when he was diagnosed with Alzheimer.
 He died at the age of 72 due to Alzheimer's disease.
Women in Belgium are European women who live in or are from Belgium.
 Generation after generation, Belgian women are able to close the "occupational gender gap".
 In younger generations, this is due to the increasing availability of "part-time jobs in services" for women.
 In 1999, the average earnings of a Belgian woman was 91 percent of the salary of a Belgian man.
 When not doing part-time jobs, Belgian women still "do more of the domestic work", depending on the agreement between female and male partners.
