Rachelle Henry (born December 16, 2000) is an American teen actress and filmmaker.
 She played the role of Sandy Hobbs in the TLC (TV network) Series "Escaping the Prophet"and Lissa Golaski in "Depth", the film prequel to the Soma (video game) by Frictional Games.
 She is also known for directing and producing short films containing messages of social influence and coming of age themes including "MISSING" and "Almost Boyfriends".
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, or simply Rogue One, is a 2016 American epic space opera film directed by Gareth Edwards.
 The screenplay by Chris Weitz and Tony Gilroy is from a story by John Knoll and Gary Whitta.
 It was produced by Lucasfilm and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
 It is the first installment of the "Star Wars" "Anthology" series, set immediately before the events of the original "Star Wars" film.
 The cast includes Felicity Jones, Diego Luna, Riz Ahmed, Ben Mendelsohn, Donnie Yen, Mads Mikkelsen, Alan Tudyk, Jiang Wen and Forest Whitaker.
 "Rogue One" follows a group of rebels on a mission to steal the plans for the Death Star, the Galactic Empire's superweapon.
The Doom Generation is a 1995 American dark comedy film written and directed by Gregg Araki.
 It stars James Duval, Rose McGowan, and Johnathon Schaech.
 The film follows two troubled teenage lovers Amy Blue (McGowan) and Jordan White (Duval) who pick up a young handsome drifter named Xavier Red (Schaech).
 After he accidentally kills a store's clerk, the trio embarks on a journey full of sex, violence, and people from Amy's past.
 Billed as "A Heterosexual Movie by Gregg Araki", "The Doom Generation" is the second film in the director's trilogy known as the "Teenage Apocalypse Trilogy", the first being "Totally Fucked Up" (1993) and the last one "Nowhere" (1997).
 The characters of Amy Blue and Jordan White are based on the Mark Beyer comic strip "Amy and Jordan".
Rachelle Amy Beinart (born 29 September 1984) is a British actress and stunt performer.
 She is a member of the "Game of Thrones" stunt teams that won two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and has done stunt performances for films including "Rogue One".
 She has also acted in preschool children's shows as a suit actor, including the reboot of "Teletubbies".
Operation Barras was a British Army operation that took place in Sierra Leone on 10 September 2000, during the late stages of that nation's civil war.
 The operation aimed to release five British soldiers of the Royal Irish Regiment who had been held by a militia group known as the "West Side Boys".
 The soldiers were part of a patrol that was returning from a visit to Jordanian peacekeepers attached to the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) at Masiaka on 25 August 2000 when they turned off the main road and down a track towards the village of Magbeni.
 There the patrol was overwhelmed by a large number of heavily armed rebels, taken prisoner, and transported to Gberi Bana on the opposite side of Rokel Creek.
Amy O'Neill (born July 8, 1971) is an American performer and former actress.
 After appearing in several sitcoms and starring as Molly Stark on "The Young and the Restless" in 1986, she was cast in her notable role as Amy Szalinski in the 1989 Disney film, "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids", for which she was nominated for a Young Artist Award.
 She reprised her role as Amy Szalinski in the 1992 sequel, "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid" and appeared as Lisa Barnes in "Where's Rodney?
".
The 39 Clues: Doublecross is the fourth series in the 39 Clues series of books.
 It follows the story of the Cahills as they suffer from infighting.
 In the first book, Mission Titanic, Ian Kabra has become the new leader of the Cahills.
 Dan and Amy decided to take a break from the Cahills after nearly dying from combating Pierce and his thugs.
 Although Ian believe that he is much more fit to rule the Cahills that Amy and Dan, it seems that the Cahills do not fully recognize Ian as the leader.
 Ian has suspicions that many Cahills are plotting a coup.
 When this coup is realized, Ian Kabra and Cara Pierce are expelled from the Cahill home in Attleboro, Massachusetts.
 The leader of the coup is the Outcast, and he plans to replicate history's worst disasters in order to test Cahill leadership.
 The Cahills are expected to prevent the disasters in order to prove that they are worthy.
 Throughout the series, the Cahills make many shocking discoveries, discovering that Grace was actually ruthless and cruel, and that the Outcast is Nathaniel Hartford, the husband of Grace whom Grace wanted dead.
 There are four books in the series:
Silver Circle is an American computer-animated thriller film released in 2013.
 A heavily libertarian-slanted film, it follows a group called the Rebels, who have vowed to take down the Federal Reserve.
 "Silver Circle" was given a limited release in the United States on March 22, 2013, and received universally negative reviews from critics.
Rachelle Lefevre ( ; born February 1, 1979) is a Canadian actress.
 She has starred in the television series "Big Wolf on Campus" and had recurring roles in "What About Brian", "Boston Legal", and "Swingtown".
 She played the vampire Victoria Sutherland in the first two films of the "Twilight" saga, before being replaced by Bryce Dallas Howard in the third installment, "", due to scheduling conflicts with her role in the film "Barney's Version".
 In 2011, she starred in the ABC medical drama "Off the Map", followed by the CBS series "A Gifted Man" (2011–2012) and "Under the Dome" (2013–2015).
Homeworld is a real-time strategy video game developed by Relic Entertainment and published by Sierra Studios on September 28, 1999, for Microsoft Windows.
 Set in space, the science fiction game follows the Kushan exiles of the planet Kharak after their home planet is destroyed by the Taiidan Empire in retaliation for developing hyperspace jump technology.
 The survivors journey with their spacecraft-constructing mothership to reclaim their ancient homeworld of Hiigara from the Taiidan, encountering a variety of pirates, mercenaries, traders, and rebels along the way.
 In each of the game's levels, the player gathers resources, builds a fleet, and uses it to destroy enemy ships and accomplish mission objectives.
 The player's fleet carries over between levels, and can travel in a fully three-dimensional space within each level rather than being limited to a two-dimensional plane.
