The Ancient of Days is a design by William Blake, originally published as the frontispiece to a 1794 work, "Europe a Prophecy".
 It draws its name from one of God's titles in the Book of Daniel and shows Urizen crouching in a circular design with a cloud-like background.
 His outstretched hand holds a compass over the darker void below.
 Related imagery appears in Blake's "Newton", completed the next year.
 As noted in Gilchrist's "Life of William Blake", the design of "The Ancient of Days" was "a singular favourite with Blake and as one it was always a happiness to him to copy."
 As such there are many versions of the work extant, including one completed for Frederick Tatham only weeks before Blake's death.
William Blake Herron is a film screenwriter, director and actor who contributed to the screenplay for "The Bourne Identity".
 He also contributed to the screenplay for "Eye of the Widow".
Francis Focer Brown (1891–1971) was a well-known American Impressionist painter, as well as professor and head of the Fine Arts Department at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana from 1925–1957, and Director of the Muncie Art Museum.
 His work was exhibited frequently at the Hoosier Salon- Indiana Artists Annual, Herron School of Art Museum, Ball State University, Indiana State Fair, Indiana Art Club and others.
 Brown studied With J. Ottis Adams and William Forsyth (artist) at the Herron School of Art; Ball State Teachers College, B.S.; Ohio State University, M.A. Member Indiana AC; Hoosier Salon.
 He exhibited at the Richmond Art Museum, 1922 (prize); John Herron Art Institute, 1922 (prize); Hoosier Salon, 1922–45 (awards); CMA, 1922–25; PAFA, 1922, 1923.
 His work is held in collections at John Herron Art Institute; Ball State University; Richmond Art Museum, and in various schools and libraries throughout Indiana.
 Also known as Francis Brown and Francis F. Brown.
Tiriel is a narrative poem by William Blake, written "c."1789.
 Considered the first of his prophetic books, it is also the first poem in which Blake used free septenaries, which he would go on to use in much of his later verse.
 "Tiriel" was unpublished during Blake's lifetime and remained so until 1874, when it appeared in William Michael Rossetti's "Poetical Works of William Blake".
 Although Blake did not engrave the poem, he did make twelve sepia drawings to accompany the rough and unfinished manuscript, although three of them are considered lost as they have not been traced since 1863.
Vikram is an Indian Tamil film actor.
 After making his cinematic debut in the 1990 film "En Kadhal Kanmani", he acted in a series of small-budget Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films.
 It was Bala's tragedy film "Sethu" (1999) that established Vikram in the Tamil film industry.
 In the early 2000s Vikram appeared in a series of masala films—"Dhill", "Gemini", "Dhool" and "Saamy" all becoming commercially successful.
 During this period, Vikram performed diverse roles and received critical acclaim for his performances in "Kasi" and "Samurai".
 In 2003, Vikram's performance as an autistic gravedigger in "Pithamagan" won a lot of acclaim and secured his first National Film Award for Best Actor.
 His portrayal as an innocent man with multiple personality disorder in Shankar's "Anniyan" was commercially successful.
 The film also fetched him a Filmfare Best Actor Award.
 Vikram's portrayal as a tribal leader in Mani Ratnam's "Raavanan" saw him secure further acclaim.
 He is only the third actor to receive a National Film Award for Best Actor in the Tamil film industry.
 Vikram is known for his intense performances, with his work often fetching critical acclaim and commercial success.
 He has won a National Film Award and seven Filmfare Awards South, of which five are Best Actor awards.
Kirill Zhandarov was born 29 March 1983 in the town of Lomonosov (the Petrodvorets district of Leningrad) in the family, which has nothing to do with art.
 In school he performed on stage the literary globe theatre.
 In high school played for the school team of KVN, traveled with performances in many cities of Russia.
 Relatives to his son's passion for theater was skeptical and tried to persuade Cyril to go to law, but in 2000 he enrolled at the St. Petersburg Academy of theatrical art (SPBGATI), from which he graduated in 2004, the rate of S. I. Parshin.
 As a student, played on the stage of the educational theater on Mokhovaya.
 In 2004-2005 he worked in the Moscow theater of Roman Viktyuk.
 However, as he said in an interview in Moscow felt uncomfortable and in 2006 he returned to his hometown.
 Began performing at the Bolshoi drama theater.
 G. A. Tovstonogov.
 Theatre work in the BDT them.
 G. Tovstonogova: 2007 - "A Whim!"
 (A. N. Ostrovsky, P. M. Nevezhin; dir.
 R. G. Trostyanetsky) - Barkalov; 2007 - "the Night before Christmas" (N.In.
 Gogol, dir.
 N. N. Pinigin) - Lad; 2008 - "uncle's dream" (Dostoevsky, dir.
 T. N. Chkheidze) - Mozglyakov; 2010 - "School of taxpayers" (p. Bernal, J. Burr; dir.
 N. N. Pinigin) - Raymond Giroux.
 While working in Moscow appeared the advertisement of chewing gum Stimorol - smile Cyril was broadcast across the country.
 In the movie debuted in 2003 in the series of Director Dmitry svetozarova "Three colors of love", playing Sam's (Sergey Samohvalova).
 The first success came in 2007 when he starred in the debut work of Director Anna GRES "Milkmaid of hatsapetovki".
 In the series he played a major role - Dima Bulychev.
 In the movie he sang the song, music and words which he wrote.
 Next was work in the film "And still I love...", "Hope as evidence of life", "Night visitors", "Tomorrow begins today", "provincial", "Breathe with me", "Dostoevsky", "A4 Format" and many others.
 Zhandarov is recognized that not all of the roles he played were in awe, often had to agree to just earn: "in my position, probably, do not choose: BDT me as the lead young actor was paid 12 thousand.
 I safe place paid 17 thousand.
 How to live?
.
."
 Initially the actor began to develop the role of hero-lover, but he managed to get away from him.
 Beat a lot of villains and negative characters.
 Gradually he has gained a lot of diverse roles.
 "I went from the image of the hero-lover, imposed by the channels.
 My filmography has become more distinguishing roles," says the actor.
 "When I was playing villains.
 At first I liked it, and then tired.
 And I continued to offer such characters.
 Tried a specific role.
 But goodie for me was not particularly interesting," notes Zhandarov.
 According to the actor, he wants to play a man who takes revenge: "it is not necessary to be a negative character, but they should move the feeling of revenge.
 I'm interested in the psychology of the hero."
The Freiwillige Selbstkontrolle der Filmwirtschaft (FSK, Voluntary Self Control of the Movie Industry) is a German motion picture rating system organization run by the "Spitzenorganisation der Filmwirtschaft" (SPIO, Head Organisation of the Movie Industry) based in Wiesbaden.
Auguries of Innocence is a poetry collection by Patti Smith, published in 2005.
 This collection of poetry includes exactly twenty-six recent poems penned by the active, contemporary poet.
 Drawing on some of her many influences such as William Blake and Arthur Rimbaud, Smith's collection here demonstrates over and over again her knack for detail.
 Obviously William Blake is a dominant influence on the poet herself, since it shares its title, Auguries of Innocence, with one of William Blake's poems.
 Upon reviewing both collections it is clearly obvious that both collections share more commonalities than just similar titles.
 One commonality between this collection and that by Blake's, in regard to the content, is that the poems collected here exhibit subtle nods to Blake.
 For example, in one of her poems, "The Long Road", by the end of the very first verse the reader has already been exposed to such suggestive visuals as the speaker of the poem sleeping in chimneys and chewing on bulbs, as well as the speaker "sweeping time".
 Such visuals of Smith's conjure up recollections in the seasoned and experienced reader's mind of Blake's "The Chimney Sweeper" and "The Blossom".
 While the majority of the twenty-six collected poems have some type of stanza-like arrangement the poet also incorporates several free-verse style poems into the collection, such as Mummer Love, Eve of All Saints, Our Jargon Muffles The Drum, and Written By A Lake.
Beautiful Illusions (镜中人) is a Singaporean TV series which aired in 2005.
 It stars Fann Wong in two diverse roles - a quiet and nondescript cartoon illustrator with a quirky sense of style (Yixin), and a stylish, vampy air stewardess who lives the high life on her motorbike (Joe Ann).
 The series title literally means "person in the mirror" and alludes to the main character
Fearful Symmetry: A Study of William Blake is a 1947 book by Canadian literary critic Northrop Frye whose subject is the work of English poet and visual artist William Blake.
 The book has been hailed as one of the most important contributions to the study of William Blake and one of the very first that embarked on the interpretation of many of Blake's most obscure works.
 As Frye himself acknowledges, Blake's work is not to be deciphered but interpreted and seen within its specific historical and social contexts.
