Rancho Las Ánimas (also called Las Ánimas o La Poza de Carnedero or La Brea) was a 26519 acre Spanish land concession in present-day Santa Clara County given in 1803 by Viceroy Félix Berenguer de Marquina to José Mariano Castro.
 The rancho was regranted in 1835 to Castro's widow Josefa Romero de Castro by Mexican Governor José Figueroa.
 The present-day city of Gilroy is within the grant.
Miguel Holguín y Figueroa, also written as Miguel Holguín de Figueroa, (1516, Cáceres, Castile - after 1576, Tunja, New Kingdom of Granada) was a Spanish conquistador.
 He took part in the expeditions of the conquest of the Chitarero, Motilon, U'wa and Lache led by Nikolaus Federmann.
 Holguín y Figueroa later settled in Tunja, where he protested the bad deeds of Hernán Pérez de Quesada who governed Bogotá after the foundation and initial rule by his elder brother Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada.
Paraguayos, República o Muerte is the national anthem of Paraguay.
 The lyrics were written by Francisco Acuña de Figueroa (who also wrote Orientales, la Patria o la tumba, the national anthem of Uruguay) under the presidency of Carlos Antonio López, who at the time delegated Bernardo Jovellanos and Anastasio González to ask Figueroa to write the anthem (Jovellanos and González were commissioners of the Paraguayan government in Uruguay).
 The anthem was officially finished by Figueroa on May 20, 1846.
"San Juan Romero" is a short story by the Brazilian writer Rita Maria Felix da Silva.
 It is also the name of the fictional Mexican village the story features, and it was the first story to feature the recurring character "Sir James Winterwood".
 In the tale, Winterwood arrives in San Juan Romero after his adventures throughout North America.
 Soon he learns about the terrible curse that haunted the village, concerning a nasty secret involving the people of that land, originally a group of miners.
Alonso de Cordova y Figueroa (?
 - August 9, 1698) Spanish soldier born in Concepción, Chile, son of Alonso de Figueroa y Córdoba and father of the historian Pedro de Cordova y Figueroa.
 He served as lieutenant, captain of infantry and of cavalry in Lota and San Carlos de Austria; lieutenant general of cavalry and Sargento Mayor of the Captaincy General of Chile.
Alonso de Figueroa y Cordova (1589?
 Spain – 1652); Spanish soldier who, in the days of the reign of Philip IV of Spain, temporarily carried out the position of Captain General and Royal Governor of Chile, besides president of its Real Audiencia of Chile.
 His government lasted for 13 months, between April 1649 and May 1650.
 He was the grandfather of the Chilean historian Pedro de Cordoba y Figueroa.
Juan Romero de Figueroa (Gibraltar, 16 September 1646 - id.
 7 July 1720) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest, in charge of the Parish Church of St. Mary the Crowned ("Santa Maria la Coronada y San Bernardo") during the last years of Gibraltar's Spanish period and first ones of the British period, until his death.
 He remained at his post even after the territory's capture by an Anglo-Dutch fleet in 1704 on behalf of the Archduke Charles, pretender to the Spanish throne in the War of the Spanish Succession, when most of its population abandoned Gibraltar (only about 60 out of 4,000 remained).
The letter of the hacienda of Figueroa (Spanish: "Carta de la Hacienda de Figueroa" ) was an 1834 letter from the Argentine governor of Buenos Aires Juan Manuel de Rosas to the caudillo Facundo Quiroga.
 It is one of the few documents written by Rosas, detailing his political ideas.
Juan Alonso de Guzmán y Suárez de Figueroa Orozco, 1st Duke of Medina Sidonia and 3rd Count de Niebla (in full, Spanish: "Don Juan Alonso de Guzmán y Suárez de Figueroa Orozco, primer Duque de Medina Sidonia, tercer Conde de Niebla, Señor de Sanlúcar de Barrameda, Señor de Lepe, Ayamonte y Gibraltar, Adelantado Mayor de la Frontera de Andalucía" ) (c. 1405 – December 1468) was a Spanish nobleman and military figure of the Reconquista.
Francisco Esteban Acuña de Figueroa (September 3, 1791 – October 6, 1862) was an Uruguayan poet and writer.
 He was born in Montevideo, on September 3, 1791 and died on October 6, 1862.
 He was the son of the Treasurer of the Royal Treasury, Jacinto Acuña de Figueroa.
