Man's Heart () is a tragedy silent film about the overseas Chinese community in tin mining industry, which was produced and released in 1928, presented by the "Kwong Kwong Motion Picture Company ()", which was located in Seremban, Negeri Sembilan state.
 its film crew and shooting equipments are coming from the past "Nanyang Low Pui-kim's Self-made "Motion Picture Company ()" in Singapore.
Child 44 is a 2015 mystery thriller film directed by Daniel Espinosa, written by Richard Price, and based on Tom Rob Smith's 2008 novel of the same name.
 The film stars an ensemble cast featuring Tom Hardy, Gary Oldman, Noomi Rapace, Joel Kinnaman, Paddy Considine, Jason Clarke, and Vincent Cassel.
 It was released on 17 April 2015.
 Both the novel and the film are very loosely based on the case of Soviet serial killer Andrei Chikatilo, who had been portrayed in the earlier film "Citizen X".
A Leap for Love is a 1912 American short romantic drama film released on 13 April 1912 by Independent Motion Picture Company.
Christopher Woodrow is an American financier and film producer.
 He was the chairman and CEO at Worldview Entertainment, an independent motion picture studio that finances, produces and acquires theatrical quality feature films for worldwide distribution, which he co-founded in 2007.
 He has since left his position at the company in 2014.
 In 2012 he was named by Variety as one of "10 Producers To Watch" and in 2013 by Deadline as one of five "Producers To Watch" at the Cannes Film Festival.
The Nestor Film Company, originally known as the Nestor Motion Picture Company, is a defunct American motion picture production company.
 It was founded in 1909 as the West Coast production unit of the Centaur Film Company located in Bayonne, New Jersey.
 On October 27, 1911, Nestor established the first permanent motion picture studio in Hollywood, California, and produced the first Hollywood films.
 The company merged with its distributor, the Universal Film Manufacturing Company, on May 20, 1912.
 Nestor became a brand name Universal used until at least mid-1917.
Savoy Pictures Entertainment, Inc. was an American independent motion picture company in operation from 1992 to 1997.
 Among Savoy Pictures' noteworthy feature films were "A Bronx Tale", "No Escape", "Last of the Dogmen" and "Serial Mom".
The Centaur Film Company is a defunct American motion picture production company founded in 1907 in Bayonne, New Jersey, by William and David Horsley.
 It was the first independent motion picture production company in the United States.
 In 1909 the company added a West Coast production unit, the Nestor Film Company, which established the first permanent film studio in Hollywood, California, in 1911.
 The company was absorbed by the Universal Film Manufacturing Company in 1912.
Maverick Entertainment Group is a low-budget American independent motion picture and DVD distribution company founded by Doug Schwab and based in South Florida.
Dark Places is a 2015 mystery thriller film directed by Gilles Paquet-Brenner.
 The screenplay, by Paquet-Brenner, is based on Gillian Flynn's 2009 novel of the same name.
 It stars Charlize Theron, Christina Hendricks, Nicholas Hoult, and Chloë Grace Moretz.
Worldview Entertainment is an American independent motion picture company that finances and produces theatrical quality feature films for worldwide distribution.
 The company was founded in 2007 and is based in New York City.
 Worldview has produced films including "Child 44", "Birdman", "Blood Ties", "The Green Inferno", and "Killer Joe".
