Sovetskaya Litva (literally: "Soviet Lithuania"; Russian: Советская Литва ) was a Russian-language daily newspaper published in the Lithuanian SSR.
 In tandem with the Lithuanian-language "Tiesa", it was the official newspaper of the Communist Party of Lithuania, the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR, and the Council of Ministers of the Lithuanian SSR.
 After the restoration of Lithuania's independence in 1990, the newspaper became an independent daily under the name Echo Litvy (literally: "Echo of Lithuania"; Russian: Эхо Литвы ).
 Its circulation was 79,000 copies in 1981, 26,000 copies in 1993, and 12,000 copies in 1997.
 It discontinued publication in 2001 due to financial difficulties.
The Lithuanian Academy of Sciences ("Lietuvos mokslų akademija") or LAS, founded in 1941 as the Lithuanian SSR Academy of Sciences (Lithuanian: "Lietuvos TSR Mokslų akademija"), as an autonomous, state-subsidized establishment serving as a scientific advisory body to the government of Lithuanian SSR.
 Following the 1991 passage of the Law on Research and Higher Education of the Republic of Lithuania, it was reorganized.
The Lithuanian legislative elections for 141 seats in the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR were held in the Lithuanian SSR on 24 February with run-off elections on 4, 7, 8 and 10 March 1990.
 In six constituencies voter turnout was below required minimum, therefore a third round was held on April 7 and 21.
 For the first time since the election to the People's Seimas in 1940, non-communist candidates were allowed to run.
 It was the first and the only free multi-party elections in Soviet Lithuania.
 Pro-independence Sąjūdis movement refused to become a political party and endorsed candidates of various other political parties based on their personal merits.
 These endorsements often meant more than official party affiliations, and Sąjūdis-backed candidates won 91 out of 135 seats.
 During its third session on 11 March 1990, the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR adopted the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania thus declaring Lithuania's independence from the Soviet Union.
People's Artist of the Lithuanian SSR (Народный артист Литовской ССР), is an honorary title awarded to citizens of the Lithuanian SSR in the Soviet Union.
 It is awarded for outstanding performance in the performing arts, whose merits are exceptional in the sphere of the development of the performing arts (theatre, music, dance, circus, cinema, etc.).
The Council of Ministers of the Lithuanian SSR (Lithuanian: "Lietuvos TSR Ministrų Taryba" ) or Council of People's Commissars in 1940–46 (Lithuanian: "Lietuvos TSR Liaudies Komisarų Taryba" ) was the cabinet (executive branch) of the Lithuanian SSR, one of the republics of the Soviet Union.
 Its structure and functions were modeled after the Council of People's Commissars and Council of Ministers of the Soviet Union.
 The Council consisted of a chairman, first vice-chairman, vice-chairmen, ministers, and chairmen of state committees.
 The council's chairman was equivalent to a prime minister and was second in rank after the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Lithuania.
He was an Honored Art Worker of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic (1963), People's Artist of the Lithuanian SSR (1973), and a recipient of the Lithuanian SSR State Prize (1973).
The Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic (BSSR, or Byelorussian SSR; Belarusian: Bielaruskaja Savieckaja Sacyjalistyčnaja Respublika or Bielaruskaja SSR , Russian: Belorusskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika or Belorusskaya SSR ), also referred to as the Soviet Byelorussia was a client state of the Soviet Union (USSR).
 It existed between 1920 and 1922, and from 1922 to 1991 as one of fifteen constituent republics of the USSR, with its own legislation from 1990 to 1991.
 To the west it bordered Poland.
 Within the Soviet Union, it bordered the Lithuanian SSR and the Latvian SSR to the north, the Russian SFSR to the east and the Ukrainian SSR to the south.
During World War II, the Soviet Union occupied and annexed several countries effectively handed over by Nazi Germany in the secret protocol Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact of 1939.
 These included Eastern Poland (incorporated into two different SSRs), as well as Latvia (became Latvian SSR), Estonia (became Estonian SSR), Lithuania (became Lithuanian SSR), part of eastern Finland (became Karelo-Finnish SSR) and eastern Romania (became the Moldavian SSR and part of Ukrainian SSR).
 Apart from Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact and post-war division of Germany, USSR also occupied and annexed Carpathian Ruthenia from Czechoslovakia in 1945 (became part of Ukrainian SSR).
1972 unrest in Lithuanian SSR, sometimes titled as Kaunas' Spring, took place on May 18–19, 1972, in Kaunas, Lithuania, Soviet Union.
 It was sparked by the self-immolation of a 19-year-old student named Romas Kalanta and prohibition to take part in Kalanta’s funeral by the officials.
 As a result, thousands of young demonstrators gathered in the central street of Kaunas, Laisvės alėja in anti-government protests that spanned from May 18 to May 19.
The Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR (Lithuanian: "Lietuvos TSR Aukščiausioji Taryba" ; Russian: Верховный Совет Литовской ССР , "Verkhovnyy Sovet Litovskoy SSR") was the supreme soviet (main legislative institution) of the Lithuanian SSR, one of the republics comprising the Soviet Union.
 The Supreme Soviet was established in August 1940 when the People's Seimas declared itself the provisional Supreme Soviet.
 According to the constitution it was very similar to modern democratic parliaments: it was elected every four (later five) years and had the power to create, amend and ratify the constitution, laws, and treaties and appoint officials in the Council of Ministers (the executive branch).
 However, in reality the elections were staged, the Soviet had very little actual power and carried out orders given by the Communist Party of Lithuania (CPL).
 The situation changed in 1988, when the Lithuanians began seeking independence from the Soviet Union.
 The political power shifted from CPL to the Soviet, which adopted a number of important constitutional amendments and laws, paving the way for the independence.
 The first free elections were held in February 1990 and were won by pro-independence Sąjūdis.
 During its first session the Supreme Soviet adopted the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania and renamed itself the Supreme Council of the Republic of Lithuania.
