Alcoholic hallucinosis (or alcohol-related psychosis or alcohol-induced psychotic disorder) is a complication of alcohol withdrawal in alcoholics. Descriptions of the condition date back to at least 1907.
 They can occur during acute intoxication or withdrawal with the potential of having delirium tremens.
 Alcohol hallucinosis is a rather uncommon alcohol-induced psychotic disorder only being seen in chronic alcoholics who have many consecutive years of severe and heavy drinking during their lifetime.
 Alcoholic hallucinosis develops about 12 to 24 hours after the heavy drinking stops suddenly, and can last for days.
 It involves auditory and visual hallucinations, most commonly accusatory or threatening voices.
 The risk of developing alcoholic hallucinosis is increased by long-term heavy alcohol abuse and the use of other drugs.
Serie D, the fifth level of Italian Football, is usually composed of 162 teams divided into nine 18-team divisions.
 Special relegation of four teams from the professional leagues above Serie D after the team list had been set increased the total number of teams for this season to 166.
 One division will have 20 teams, two will have 19, while the other six will remain at 18 teams.
He began his football career with Prater SV, an Austrian team, in 1978.
 He transferred to Sakaryaspor in 1982, became professional in Sakaryaspor in 1985, and won the Turkish Cup with the team in 1988.
 He transferred to Beşiktaş in 1989.
 With Beşiktaş, he won two Turkish First League titles (1990 and 1991) and one Turkish Cup (1990).
 He transferred to Fenerbahçe in 1991, and was first goalkeeper until he got injured at the Kayserispor match in the 1994-95 season.
 İpekoğlu won the Turkish First League title again with Fenerbahçe in 1996.
 He transferred to Çanakkale Dardanelspor, which got promoted to Turkish First League in the 1995-96 season, and he became first goalkeeper there until Çanakkale Dardanelspor's relegation to Turkish Second League in the 1998-99 season.
 He returned to Fenerbahçe and kept Fenerbahçe's goal for seven more games.
 He was also capped for the Turkish national football team 32 times, beginning with a friendly against Greece on 21 September 1988.
Unione Calcio AlbinoLeffe is an Italian association football club based in Bergamo and representing Albino and Leffe, two small towns located in Val Seriana.
 The club has played in Serie B for nine consecutive years and got very close to promotion in Serie A in 2008.
 It currently plays in Serie C since it was relegated from 2011-12 Serie B.
Balasore or Baleswar is a city in the state of Odisha, about 194 km north of the State capital Bhubaneswar, in eastern India.
 It is the administrative headquarters of Balasore district.
 It is best known for Chandipur beach.
 It is also the site of the Indian Ballistic Missile Defense Program's Integrated Test Range, located 18 km.
 south of Balasore.
 The Defence Research and Development Organisation developed many different missiles such as "Nag", Brahmos, Agni Missile among others here.This is where famous freedom fighter Jatindranath Mukherjee also known as Bagha Jatin got injured and died fighting the British.
 The spoken language in Balasore is ODIA
Hernan Crespo Toral (December 8, 1937 in Cuenca – March 23, 2008 in Quito) was an Ecuadorian architect, archeologist and museologist who played an important role in the conservation of cultural heritage in Ecuador.
Shamwari Game Reserve is located 75 km outside Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
 It has been voted the World's Leading Safari and Game Reserve and Conservation Company for many consecutive years.
Maan Sultan Al-Khodari ( معن سلطان الخضري,born 13 December 1991) is a Saudi footballer who plays for Professional club Al-Batin as Defensive Midfielder.
 On 4 August, his first game in 2012–13 season, he got injured at a cruciate ligament.
 That kept him away for 4 months.
GAS Kilkis (full name: Gymnastic Athletic Club Kilkis, Greek: Αθλητικός Γυμναστικός Σύλλογος Κιλκίς , Γ.Α.Σ.
 Κιλκίς) is a Greek handball club based in Kilkis.
 It was founded in 1980 and has played in A1 ethniki (first-tier division) many consecutive years.
 It has won one cup, in 2004.
 The home arena of the club is the municipal gymnasium of Kilkis and the club's colours are blue and red.
In many districts of western Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Odisha and Haryana, India, outbreaks of an acute “encephalopathy” syndrome dubbed as a “mysterious disease” have been an annual feature for many years.
 The disease affects rural young children during the winter months of September to December, and carries case fatality rates of around 75-80%.
 Most investigators assume it to be viral “encephalitis”.
 According to a rough estimate, at least 500-700 young previously healthy children have been losing their lives every year for many years in this region.
 Many national investigating agencies failed to diagnose the entity despite investigating for many consecutive years.
