The Alaska Trade Building, also known as the Union Record Building and the Steele Building, is a historic building in Seattle, Washington located on First Avenue near the Pike Place Market.
 Built in 1909, it was one of the first reinforced steel, concrete and brick buildings in the area and was advertised as being completely fireproof.
 The building is historically associated with the country's only Union-owned daily newspaper, "The Seattle Union Record" and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Go proverbs are traditional proverbs relating to the game of Go, generally used to help one find good moves in various situations during a game.
 They are generalisations and thus a particular proverb will have specific situations where it is not applicable.
 Knowing when a proverb is inapplicable is part of the process of getting stronger as a Go player.
 Indeed, several proverbs contradict each other—however they agree in as much as they are advising the player to pay attention to the stated situation.
The Journal Record is a daily business and legal newspaper based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
 Its offices are in downtown Oklahoma City, with bureaus at the Oklahoma State Capitol and in Tulsa.
George Slythe Street (18 July 1867 – 31 October 1936) was a British critic, journalist and novelist.
 He was born in Wimbledon, London on 18 July 1867.
 He was associated with William Ernest Henley and the 'counter-Decadents' on the staff of the National Observer.
 His works were characterized by "whimsy, detachment, sympathy, tenderness, satire, humor, and occasionally cynicism".
 Street's satirical works assailed "snobbery, hypocrisy, vulgarity, and pretentiousness at all levels of society, especially among the aesthetes and the upper class".
 He is perhaps best known for his 1894 novel, "the Autobiography of a Boy", which satirized contemporary aesthetes Oscar Wilde and Lord Alfred Douglas, although Street would later write favorably of Wilde's "De Profundis".
 He died on 31 October 1936.
The Purple Land is a novel set in 19th century Uruguay by William Henry Hudson, first published in 1885 under the title "The Purple Land that England Lost".
 Initially a commercial and critical failure, it was reissued in 1904 with the full title "The Purple Land, Being One Richard Lamb's Adventures in the Banda Orientál, in South America, as told by Himself".
 Towards the end of the novel, the narrator explains the title, "I will call my book "The Purple Land."
 For what more suitable name can one find for a country so stained with the blood of her children?"
Maude Cary (1878–1967) was a Christian American missionary to North Africa, specifically Morocco.
 She was raised knowing she would one day be a missionary because her parents often housed missionaries as they were passing through.
 Her parents understood the work they were doing as very important and passed this belief onto their daughter.
 As soon as she was eighteen, Maude signed herself up for an American missionary training school, Avant Ministries (GMU).
 After completing this schooling and doing some missions work within American inner cities, Maude was accepted to travel with the GMU to serve alongside a few struggling Christian missionaries in Morocco.
 For the next fifty years of her life Maude Cary would minister to the rich and poor Muslims within Morocco attempting to bring them the Gospel message her school and parents had taught her.
 A difficult start made Maude question her efffectivness in Morocco but she trusted that there would eventually be conversions from Islam to Christianity and stayed until she was too ill to serve.
 Becoming very ill she flew back to America for treatment and as soon as possible returned to continue her life living among the Muslims.
 Through the difficult start and her illness, Maude Cary became a Christian leader within Morocco for the Gospel Mission Union in charge of translation and Bible schools.
 She eventually became too sick to continue and returned to the United States.
 Her hard work in Morocco may not have produced many conversions during her stay there, but there were a few conversions which were seen as a success, and continued the Christian influence within the country long after her life.
 After fifty years of service Maude returned to the United States because of her illness, and died in 1967.
Fjällsätern is a minor mountain in southern Uddevalla, Sweden.
 Its summit reaches 105.9 m above sea level according to one 1950 estimate (an earlier one from 1903 put it at 300 Swedish feet), making it the area's second highest.
 There the local politician and publicist Ture Malmgren (1851–1922) began building his grand Tureborg Castle, today a ruin, in 1899.
 Along its slopes Malmgren constructed several other structures, among them the likewise faux-medieval summer residence Fjällhyddan, and his own would-be tomb.
 The area was once completely barren, but Malmgren – who was engaged in the tree-planting movement of that time – promised his wife Hilma that she would one day be able to walk beneath trees on Fjällsätern, and set about planting the thick forest of today.
 A nature reserve named after him, Ture Valleys, is situated on the mountain's eastern side.
The Journal Record Building, also known as the Law Journal Record Building and the India Temple Shrine Building, is a Classical Revival style building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
 It was completed in 1923 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 It was damaged in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing and now houses the Oklahoma City National Memorial Museum.
Josh Holliday (born September 14, 1976) is an American college baseball coach and former professional player in Minor League Baseball.
 Currently the head coach of the Oklahoma State Cowboys baseball team, he was hired to this position prior to the 2013 season.
 In 2014, Holliday was the Big 12 Conference Baseball Coach of the Year as OSU claimed the conference regular season championship.
 Hollidays' Cowboys pulled OSU a little Cowboy baseball tradition out of the fire and faced Oklahoma on the final weekend of 2017.
 The team was in danger of missing out of the postseason for the 1st time in Hollidays tenure at Oklahoma State.
 The Cowboys swept the instate rival Oklahoma Sooners (#2 seed going into region play) to claim the last and final spot as the 8th seed in the BigXII Championship.
 The Cowboys went back to their traditionion and won just the 2nd Big 12 tournament in schools rich baseball history.
 The Cowboys won 16 straight Big 8 tournaments before the formation of the Big12.
 The Cowboys became the 1st eight seed (last seed) to win the conference championship and by doing so Holliday got his team in the NCAA postseason for the 5th time in his 5 years at the school.
 The season was full of injuries from top to bottom Holliday and is associated Head Coach and current (2016) assistant coach of the year Rob Walton put together a pitching staff that was nothing short of magical.
 The Cowboys luck would run out as the were sent to the Arkansas Regional and went 0-2 losing game one to Regional champions Missouri State Bears on a two out bottom of the 9th walk off HR.
 Garrett Benge hit for the cycle for Hollidays Cowboys but it wasn't enough.
 Garrett McCain would be named 1st team all-American the 25th in Cowboys history he would one of five current Cowboys drafted in 2017 preceded by 11 from the 2016 College World Series club.
 Giving Holliday 16 in 2 years.
 The Cowboys went on the end of the year run the had seen them lose six games in a row and face being the 1st Oklahoma State team to finish under .500 in 40 years.The Cowboys finished 30-27 on the year.
 The 6-5 victory of the Texas Longhorns would be Hollidays' 200th victory as the head man of Oklahoma State.
Pierre "Pig's Eye" Parrant, or Pierre Parent, was the first person of European descent to live within the borders of what would eventually become the city of Saint Paul, Minnesota.
 His exploits would eventually propel him to local fame and infamy, in addition to seeing his name briefly adorn the village that would one day become Minnesota's capital city.
