Good News Week was an Australian satirical panel game show hosted by Paul McDermott that aired from 19 April 1996 to 27 May 2000, and 11 February 2008 to 28 April 2012.
 The show's initial run aired on ABC until being bought by Network Ten in 1999.
 The show was revived for its second run when the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike caused many of Network Ten's imported US programmes to cease production.
As of August 2013, Skateboarder Magazine is primarily a digital skateboarding publication that produces a limited run of hard copy versions that are sold in skateboard shops.
 The publication was the United States (US)' first skateboarding magazine and, as of August 2013, its Editor/Photo Editor is Jaime Owens, while the magazine's Publisher is Jamey Stone.
 On August 19, 2013, the magazine's owner GrindMedia announced that the publication would cease production on October 15, 2013.
The BioFuels Security Act is a proposed legislative Act of Congress intended to phase out current single-fueled vehicles in favor of flexible-fuel vehicles. Under this proposal, contemporary single-fuel vehicles would cease production in 2016.
The Cadet is the weekly student newspaper of the Virginia Military Institute.
 Started in the fall of 1907, "The Cadet" has been independently run by the VMI Corps of Cadets since its first issue, and continues to be done so to this day.
 The paper is published almost every week while the corps is at VMI.
 "The Cadet" did cease production for three years during World War II, however, it has been continuously published since then.
 There is a project currently underway to digitize every issue of "The Cadet", starting with the earliest known issue from 1907.
 The VMI Archives, operating out of VMI's Preston Library, will have the project completed by the end of 2011.
Sonic Enemy is an independent record label, owned by Peter Hughes, best known for releasing Beck's first full-length album on cassette, "Golden Feelings" (1993).
 In 1999, they re-released "Golden Feelings", pressing a total of 2,000 copies, before Beck had them cease production of the CD.
 The CD is now a sought after collector's item for Beck fans.
 According to Nevin Martell's Beck The Art of Mutation (page 13), the initial release was "limited to one thousand cassette copies" and "Sonic Enemy pressed several additional runs until 1995."
Statis Pro Baseball was a strategic baseball simulation board game.
 It was created by Jim Barnes in 1970, named after a daily newspaper column he wrote for an Iowa morning newspaper, and published by Avalon Hill in 1978, and new player cards were made for each new season until 1992.
 A licensing dispute with Major League Baseball led Avalon Hill to cease production of new cards.
 The game, however, came with instructions for players to create their own cards, so each year many people produce their own player cards, and some even sell them online.
Pentastar: In the Style of Demons is the third full-length studio album by the drone doom band Earth.
 It has a more rock-oriented sound than their earlier drone doom work, although in a very minimalist style.
 "Peace in Mississippi" is a cover of the Jimi Hendrix song.
 The original vinyl release of this album has an alternative take of "Peace in Mississippi".
 The car depicted on the cover is a "Sassy Grass Green" Plymouth Barracuda with the car's iconic hockey-stick decal saying "Earth."
 The "Pentastar" named in the album title is an apparent reference to the brand logo of Chrysler, parent company of Plymouth and also a reference to the fact that this is the fifth CD by Earth (its predecessor being 1995's Sunn Amps and Smashed Guitars).
World Wrestling Entertainment Magazine was the official professional wrestling magazine of WWE.
 This incarnation of the magazine contains lifestyle sections, a monthly calendar, entertainment, work out tips, and other information.
 It was announced in July 2014 that after thirty years, the magazine would cease production, although special issues would continue to be published.
Sam Saturday is a British television police procedural drama series, broadcast between 27 June and 8 August 1992.
 The six-part series produced by Cinema Verity in association with LWT, broadcast on ITV, follows the work of DI Sam Sterne (Ivan Kaye), a Jewish police detective, as he struggles to balance the demands of the job with his private life.
 The series was created by writer and director Alvin Rakoff, and was produced by the production company of executive producer Verity Lambert.
 The series was just one of a number of commissions made by LWT controller of drama Nick Elliott in 1991, following the announcement that both "The Ruth Rendell Mysteries" and "Inspector Morse" were to cease production.
The F160 is a 60° V6 gasoline engine that displaces 2979 cc .
 It utilizes a turbocharger for each cylinder bank, twin intercoolers and direct injection.
 The engine is designed by Ferrari (loosely based on Pentastar engine block) and assembled by Ferrari; specifically, the engine blocks are cast and machined to Ferrari's approved specifications respectively in Chrysler's Kokomo, Indiana and Trenton Engine Plant, then shipped to Modena, Italy for assembly by Ferrari.
 This engine shares bore and combustion chamber design, the same valves control technology (i.e. roller finger followers and four cam phasers), the same twin turbocharging approach and direct injection-ignition system with Ferrari F154 engine.
 The engine auxiliaries are identical (alternator, starter motor and power steering pump) or very similar (variable displacement oil pump).
 The difference of F160 from F154: F160 engine block is made by high pressure die cast (HPDC) process which is extremely suitable for high volume production.
 However, it is open deck type and can't endure to high specific power in HP/liter.
 F160 doesn't have an overboost function and is not used in Ferrari cars either (both F136 and F154 engines are used in Ferrari cars as well).
 Ferrari was responsible for design and bench testing of this engine.
