Jill Ellen Abramson (born March 19, 1954) is an American author and journalist best known as the former executive editor of "The New York Times".
 Abramson held that position from September 2011 to May 2014.
 She was the first female executive editor in the paper's 160-year history.
 Abramson joined the "New York Times" in 1997, working as the Washington bureau chief and managing editor before being named as executive editor.
 She previously worked for "The Wall Street Journal" as an investigative reporter and a deputy bureau chief.
 In March 2016 she was hired as a political columnist for "Guardian US".
Noah Shachtman is an American journalist and musician.
 He is currently the executive editor of The Daily Beast.
 A former non-resident fellow at The Brookings Institution, he previously served as executive editor for news at Foreign Policy magazine.
 Shachtman has reported from Afghanistan, Israel, Iraq, Qatar, Russia, and Kuwait.
 But he is perhaps best known as the founder and editor of Wired magazine's national security site, 'Danger Room,' which won a National Magazine Award for reporting in digital media and an Online Journalism Award for best beat reporting.
Dean P. Baquet (pronounced bah-KAY) (born September 21, 1956) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist.
 He has been the executive editor of "The New York Times" since May 14, 2014, reporting directly to Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, Jr., the chairman and publisher.
 Between 2011 and 2014 Baquet was managing editor under the previous executive editor Jill Abramson.
 He is the first black American to serve as executive editor, the highest-ranking position in "The New York Times" newsroom.
Eric Hellweg is the executive editor of "Harvard Business Review" online.
 In the past, he wrote a weekly column for MIT's "Technology Review".
 He was also a twice-weekly columnist for "Business 2.0" and CNN.com.
 He was a founding editor of Business 2.0 magazine.
 Other freelance credits include: "The New York Times", "Wired", "Spin", "Rolling Stone", and "The Boston Phoenix".
 He also served as Executive Editor of "Forrester Magazine".
Peter Biskind is an American cultural critic, film historian, journalist, former executive editor of "Premiere" magazine from 1986 to 1996.
 He wrote several books depicting life in Hollywood, including "Seeing Is Believing," "Easy Riders, Raging Bulls," "Down and Dirty Pictures," and "Gods and Monsters," some of which were bestsellers.
 In 2010 he published a biography of director and actor Warren Beatty, entitled "Star: How Warren Beatty Seduced America."
Easy Riders, Raging Bulls: How the Sex-Drugs-and-Rock 'N Roll Generation Saved Hollywood is a book written by Peter Biskind and published by Simon & Schuster in 1998.
 "Easy Riders, Raging Bulls" is about the 1970s Hollywood, a period of American film known for the production of such films such as "The Godfather," "The Godfather Part II," "Chinatown," "Taxi Driver," "Jaws," "Star Wars," "The Exorcist," and "The Last Picture Show".
 The title is taken from films which bookend the era: "Easy Rider" (1969) and "Raging Bull" (1980).
 The book follows Hollywood on the brink of the Vietnam War, when a group of young Hollywood film directors known as the "movie brats" are making their names.
 It begins in the 1960s and ends in the 1980s.
Leonard "Len" Downie Jr. (born May 1, 1942), the American journalist, was Executive Editor of "The Washington Post" from 1991 to 2008.
 He worked in the Post newsroom for 44 years as Executive Editor, Managing Editor, National Editor, London correspondent, Assistant Managing Editor for Metropolitan News, Deputy Metropolitan Editor, and as an award winning investigative and local reporter.
 Downie became Executive Editor upon the retirement of Ben Bradlee.
 During Downie's tenure as Executive Editor, The Washington Post won 25 Pulitzer Prizes, more than any other newspaper has won during the term of a single Executive Editor, including three Pulitzer Gold Medals for Public Service.
 Downie currently serves as Vice President At Large at the Washington Post Company, as Weil Family Professor of Journalism at the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Arizona State University, and as a member of several advisory boards associated with journalism and public affairs.
Asylum is a quarterly not-for-profit publication described by its creators as a "forum for debate about mental health and psychiatry".
 It is based in the UK, and was first published in 1986.
 It was established by Alec Jenner, professor of psychiatry, Phil Virden, executive editor for the first six years, Lin Bigwood, among others.
 Terence McLaughlin was the magazine's executive editor from 2000 to 2007.
Angela Burt-Murray was the Editor-in-Chief of Essence Magazine from 2005 to 2010.
 From 2003 to 2005 she was the Executive Editor for Teen People Magazine.
 From 2001 to 2003 she was Executive Editor for Honey Magazine.
Greg Veis is an American magazine editor.
 Veis is the Executive Editor of "The New Republic" magazine.
 On June 14, 2012, "Huffington Post" reported that Veis will return to "The New Republic" as executive editor.
