The Cayuga Community College Office of Public Safety is a law enforcement entity consisting of sworn New York State peace officers who have taken an oath to serve and protect both the Auburn Main Campus located in Cayuga County, NY, and the Fulton Branch Campus located in Oswego County, NY.
 The Cayuga Community College Office of Public Safety operates two main sections of service: campus police patrol operations and safety operations.
The Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine (PCOM) is a private, non-profit graduate college, with a main campus located on 17 acres in Philadelphia, in the US state Pennsylvania, and an additional campus located on 20 acres in Suwanee, Georgia.
 PCOM offers degree programs in osteopathic medicine, pharmacy, psychology, physician assistant studies, and forensic medicine.
 With 2,418 students (2014–15), PCOM is one of the oldest and largest osteopathic medical schools in the world.
Mulungushi University is located in Kabwe, Zambia.
 It was earlier the National College of Management and Development Studies and was turned into a university by the Zambian Government in a private public partnership with Konkola Copper Mines.
 It comprises two campuses; the Great North Road Campus located 26 kilometers North of Kabwe, on the banks of Mulungushi River and the Kabwe Town Campus located along Mubanga Road, off Munkoyo Street in the heart of Kabwe town.
 Established on 1 January 2008, the university provides Bachelor of Arts degrees on full-time and distance education.
 In 2009, more than 500 distance education students enrolled.
 They were mainly former diploma students of the National College for Management and Development Studies.
Yusuf Maitama Sule University Kano, formerly "Northwest University Kano" is a Kano State Government-owned university with a temporary campus located at the center of the city of Kano and a main campus located along Gwarzo Road.
 It is one of the universities established in Nigeria in 2012 which are overseen and accredited by the National Universities Commission.
Osaka Institute of Technology (OIT, 大阪工業大学 , Ōsaka kōgyō daigaku ) , abbreviated as Dai kōdai (大工大) or Osaka kōdai (大阪工大) is a private university in Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
 OIT has 3 Campuses, Omiya Campus located in Asahi-ku, Osaka City, Umeda Campus located in Kita-ku, Osaka City and Hirakara Campus located in Hirakata City.
Bigelow Laboratory for Ocean Sciences, founded in 1974, is a private, non-profit center for global oceanography, ocean science education, and technology transfer.
 The Laboratory’s research ranges from microbial oceanography to the large-scale biogeochemical processes that drive ocean ecosystems and global environmental conditions, and is organized around the three core themes of Blue Biotechnology, Ocean Biogeochemistry and Climate Change, and Ocean Health.
 The Laboratory's 60,000 square-foot, shore-based campus is located in East Boothbay, Maine, on the Damariscotta River estuary.
 In December 2012, the campus became the first LEED Platinum certified laboratory in Maine and one of seven in the New England area.
 The Laboratory was recently rated one of the top 10 places to work in Maine.
China University of Mining and Technology (CUMT; ), colloquially 矿大, is a national key university under the direct supervision of the Ministry of Education of China, and a Project 211 and Project 985 platform (in terms of mining) university of China.
 The university is ranked as the best mining university in China and has a worldwide reputation in coal mining technology and research.
 It has two parts: the main campus located in Xuzhou, Jiangsu Province which is called China University of Mining and Technology (CUMT), and a second campus located in Beijing (China University of Mining and Technology, Beijing, CUMTB).
 The latter used to be the Graduate School of CUMT.
 CUMT is a leading multi-disciplinary polytechnic university with mining features.
Mill Park Secondary College is located in, Victoria, Australia with its Junior Campus located on Moorhead Drive Mill Park and its Senior Campus located on Civic Drive, Epping.
 The High School was built in the early 1990s for the residents of Mill Park, however due to population growth, a Senior campus was established around 1997 for students entering the years of 10, 11 and 12.
 In the current day, Mill Park Secondary College has approximately 1,820 students.
Mohawk College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public College of Applied Arts and Technology in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
 It has three main campuses: the Fennell Campus located on the Hamilton Mountain, the Stoney Creek Campus located in Stoney Creek, and the Mohawk-McMaster Institute for Applied Health Sciences located at McMaster University.
 As of 2014 more than 1000 faculty instruct roughly 12,500 full-time students, 4,000 apprentices, 46,000 continuing education registrants and 1,800 international students studying in more than 130 post-secondary and apprenticeship programs.
 Since its founding in 1966, over 115,000 students have graduated from Mohawk College.
Treasure Island Resort & Casino began as a bingo hall in 1984 called Island Bingo.
 This building started as a 30,000-square-foot space that seated 1,400 people.
 Through its time of success it began to grow further into Treasure Island after Congress passed the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988.
 This act required states to negotiate gaming compacts with the Tribe as a way to strengthen tribal governments and improve the quality of life on reservations.
 This act contributed to much tribal success for Prairie Island Indian Community in addition to the entire state of Minnesota.
 Shortly after this in 1989, Prairie Island Indian Community signed a compact with the State of Minnesota which allowed it to expand its gaming operation.
 In 1991, the 30,000-square-foot building was expanded with a 25,000-square-foot addition that created room for additional games.
 Not long after this in 1992, the casino was expanded by an additional 25,000 square feet.
 Growth in the Prairie Island Indian Community was shown through this with the opening of a community center, health care facility as well as improvement to tribal water and sewer systems.
 In 1993, a 78,000-square-foot expansion was added which created three new restaurants, valet parking, state-of-the-art kitchen, a gift shop, players club, ballroom and a new entertainment area.
 In the following year, a 137-slip marina and 95-site RV park would open.
 Growth continued as 9,854-square-foot addition for business offices is established in 1995.
 In 1996, Treasure Island made a big step with a $20 million addition and redesign.
 A strategic marketing shift changed the name to Treasure Island Resort & Casino with the addition of new theming and a 250-room hotel transformed Treasure Island into a destination resort.
 The total square footage has 350,000 with 25,000 square feet designed for meeting space.
 In 2001, an additional 200,000 feet were added to the casino, which included a new great entry, higher ceilings to improve air quality, additional games, 70,000-square-foot office space and 60,000-square-foot warehouse.
 An expansion that was completed in fall 2008 included 230 new hotel rooms, 30,000-square-foot event center and a bowling center complete with an arcade area.
 In 2015, Tado Steakhouse was constructed, Tradewinds Buffet was remodeled and the water park & spa construction began.
 The Lagoon and Wave Spa opened February 9, 2016.
