Nikita is an American spy drama which premiered on September 9, 2010 on the CW Television Network.
 The series is based on French film "Nikita", the film's remake: "Point of No Return" and a previous series "La Femme Nikita".
 The series stars Maggie Q as Nikita Mears, the title protagonist of the series, as a rogue spy and assassin whose mission is to bring down the secret government agency called "Division".
 Other main cast members include Shane West as Michael, Lyndsy Fonseca as Alexandra "Alex" Udinov, Aaron Stanford as Seymour Birkhoff, Ashton Holmes as Thom, Tiffany Hines as Jaden, Devon Sawa as Owen Elliot, Noah Bean as Ryan Fletcher, Dillon Casey as Sean Pierce, with Melinda Clarke as Amanda Collins and Xander Berkeley as Percival "Percy" Rose.
Priest is a 2011 American post-apocalyptic dystopian science fiction action horror film starring Paul Bettany as the title character.
 The film, directed by Scott Stewart, is loosely based on the Korean comic of the same name by Hyung Min-woo.
 In an alternate world, humanity and vampires have warred for centuries.
 After the last Vampire War, a veteran Warrior Priest (Bettany) lives in obscurity with other humans inside one of the Church's walled cities.
 When the Priest's niece (Lily Collins) is kidnapped by vampires, the Priest breaks his vows to hunt them down.
 He is accompanied by the niece's boyfriend Hicks (Cam Gigandet), who is a wasteland sheriff, and a former Warrior Priestess (Maggie Q).
Margaret Denise Quigley (born May 22, 1979), professionally known as Maggie Q, is an American actress and model.
 She is known for starring in the action films "" and "Live Free or Die Hard" and played the title role of The CW's action-thriller series "Nikita", airing from 2010 to 2013.
 In 2014, she portrayed Tori Wu in the film adaptation of Veronica Roth's novel "Divergent", a role she reprised in its sequels, "" and "".
 She currently stars in the role of Agent Hannah Wells in the ABC political drama "Designated Survivor".
Nikita Mears is the primary protagonist and eponymous character of "Nikita", an American action and drama television series, which debuted in September 2010 on The CW Television Network.
 She is played by American actress Maggie Q.
 The series follows Nikita's efforts in bringing down Division, a secret agency that trained her into becoming an agent and assassin, but betrayed her by killing Daniel Monroe, a civilian she fell in love with.
 She recruits Alexandra Udinov (Lyndsy Fonseca) into helping her destroy Division from within.
Balls of Fury is a 2007 American sports comedy film directed by Ben Garant.
 It stars Dan Fogler, George Lopez, Christopher Walken, and Maggie Q.
 The film was released in the United States on August 29, 2007.
Half Past Dead 2 is a 2007 American action film directed by Art Camacho, and starring Bill Goldberg and Kurupt.
 It is a sequel to the 2002's "Half Past Dead" starring Steven Seagal, Ja Rule and Morris Chestnut.
 None of the actors from the original film return, except Kurupt who returns to reprise his role of Twitch.
 The film was released in the United States on May 15, 2007.
Dragon Squad () is a 2005 Hong Kong action film co-written and directed by Daniel Lee, co-produced by Steven Seagal and starring Vanness Wu, Sammo Hung, Michael Biehn, Maggie Q, and Simon Yam.
Divergent is a 2014 American dystopian science fiction action film directed by Neil Burger, based on the novel of the same name by Veronica Roth.
 The film is the first installment in "The Divergent Series" and was produced by Lucy Fisher, Pouya Shabazian, and Douglas Wick, with a screenplay by Evan Daugherty and Vanessa Taylor.
 It stars Shailene Woodley, Theo James, Ashley Judd, Jai Courtney, Ray Stevenson, Zoë Kravitz, Miles Teller, Tony Goldwyn, Ansel Elgort, Maggie Q and Kate Winslet.
 The story takes place in a dystopian and post-apocalyptic Chicago where people are divided into distinct factions based on human virtues.
 Beatrice Prior is warned that she is Divergent and thus will never fit into any one of the factions.
 She soon learns that a sinister plot is brewing in the seemingly perfect society.
Tara Macken is an American stunt woman and actress.
 She has done stunt work on more than 20 films and television series, including "" as a stunt double for Alexa Vega, "Nikita" for Maggie Q, and "" for Élodie Yung.
 Macken has also been featured as an actress in the series "Sons of Anarchy" and "Hawaii Five-O", among others.
 Additionally, she provided motion capture work for the 2012 video game "".
 Macken appeared in the 2012 film "The Hunger Games" as the District 4 tribute, and her stunt work was featured in "Battleship" and in "Star Trek Into Darkness".
 She is of Irish and Filipino descent.
 She graduated from International School Manila in 2004.
 Macken now lives in Marina del Rey, California.
Naked Weapon (赤裸特工) is a 2002 Hong Kong action-thriller film directed by action choreographer Tony Ching and starring Maggie Q, Anya Wu and Daniel Wu.
