Two and a Half Men is an American television sitcom that originally aired on CBS for twelve seasons from September 22, 2003 to February 19, 2015.
 Originally starring Charlie Sheen, Jon Cryer, and Angus T. Jones, the series was about a hedonistic jingle writer, Charlie Harper; his uptight brother Alan; and Alan's troublesome son Jake.
 After Alan divorces, he moves with his son to share Charlie's beachfront Malibu house and complicates Charlie's freewheeling life.
Black () is an upcoming fantasy-thriller South Korean television series starring Song Seung-heon, Go Ara, Lee El and Kim Dong-jun.
 It is set to air on OCN starting October 14, 2017 on Saturdays and Sundays at 22:20 (KST) time slot, replacing "Save Me".
"Nangnangnangnang" is the eleventh-season premiere of the comedy series "Two and a Half Men" and the first appearance of Amber Tamblyn as Charlie Harper's estranged daughter, Jenny.
 The episode aired on September 26, 2013.
Kim Dong-jun (hangul: 김동준; hanja: 金桐俊; born February 11, 1992) is a South Korean singer and actor.
 He is a member of the South Korean boyband and its sub-group ZE:A Five and ZE:A J.
Kim Dong-jun (Korean: 김동준 , born 19 December 1994) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Yonsei University and South Korea national team.
Walden Michael Thoreau Schmidt is a fictional character in the CBS sitcom "Two and a Half Men", portrayed by Ashton Kutcher.
 The character was introduced in the season nine premiere episode, "Nice to Meet You, Walden Schmidt" to replace the character of Charlie Harper after actor Charlie Sheen was sacked from the series.
 Walden was a main character throughout the show's final four seasons (seasons 9-12).
 He is listed on Forbes' fictional list of the top 15 richest characters as number 11, with a wealth of approximately $1.3 billion.
Charlie Harper (born David Charles Perez, 25 May 1944, Hackney, London) is a British singer and songwriter.
 He is best known as the lead singer from the punk band U.K. Subs.
"That Darn Priest" is the season finale of the eighth season of the American sitcom "Two and a Half Men" and the final appearance of Charlie Sheen as Charlie Harper.
 The episode is the 16th and final episode of the season, though it was meant to be the ninth to last episode, but the season was cut short due to Sheen's problems related to drug and alcohol abuse.
 Three weeks after the episode's original airing, Sheen was officially fired from the show.
 CBS and Warner Bros. later announced that Ashton Kutcher would join the show's cast as Sheen's replacement.
"Nice to Meet You, Walden Schmidt" is the ninth season premiere of the comedy series "Two and a Half Men" and the first appearance of Ashton Kutcher as Walden Schmidt, "an internet billionaire with a broken heart".
 It is the 178th episode of the show, and the first episode without former lead Charlie Sheen as Charlie Harper.
 The episode was watched by 28.74 million people on its original air date, making it the most watched episode of "Two and a Half Men".
A Company Man () is a 2012 South Korean action thriller film starring So Ji-sub, Lee Mi-yeon, Kwak Do-won and Kim Dong-jun.
 It is about a hitman who find himself targeted by his ex-employers after he falls in love with a single mother and quits his job.
