Sarat Pujari (8 August 1934 – 12 May 2014) was an Indian film actor, director and producer in Odia film industry (Ollywood).
 He was originally from Jhaduapada, Sambalpur.
Vakil Babu is a Hindi movie, which was released in April 1982.
 The movie was produced by Jawahar Kapoor and P. K. Luthra and directed by Asit Sen.
 The film stars Raj Kapoor alongside his younger brother Shashi Kapoor and also featuring Zeenat Aman, Rakesh Roshan, Kader Khan, Aruna Irani and Kishore Sahu.
 This was Raj Kapoor's last leading film role and was also the first and only time he appeared onscreen with his brother Shashi, not counting Awara, wherein Shashi Kapoor appeared as a child actor.
Dharitri is an Odia social satire drama released on 30 March 1973.
 It is based on Amulya Kumari Patnaik's novel in the same name.
 Sarat Pujari, Prashant Nanda, Sriram Panda, Parbati Ghosh and Dhira Biswal acted in key roles.
Shree Shree Mahalaxmi Puja (Odia: ଶ୍ରୀ ଶ୍ରୀ ମହାଲକ୍ଷ୍ମୀ ପୂଜା ) is a 1959 Indian Odia mythological film directed by Biswanath Nayak.
 This is debut film of Sarat Pujari.
 The tale of Goddess Laxmi leaving the temple to teach brothers Lord Jagannath and Lord Balabhadra, a lesson was presented in the movie.
Navni Parihar (born 22 March 1966) is an Indian film and television actress.
 Navni Parihar acted in the film "Rabba Main Kya Karoon" in 2013 starring Arshad Warsi.
 Navni is married to Animesh.
 Navni is also playing an important role in "Bani - Ishq Da Kalma", which was earlier titled as "Gurbani".
 Navni, who has worked two decades in Bollywood, also played the role of Indira Gandhi in Shekhar Kapoor documentary series "Pradhanmantri", and 7 RCR (TV Series).
Jab Jab Phool Khile (Hindi: जब जब फूल खिले ; Urdu: ‎ ; Translated: 'Whenever the flowers bloomed') is a 1965 Indian Hindi movie.
 It stars Shashi Kapoor and Nanda.
 The story is of a poor boy who is a boatman in Kashmir and falls in love with a rich tourist.
 The film became a "blockbuster" at the box office, was No. 2 in top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1965.
 The songs by music composing duo Kalyanji Anandji assisted by then little-known Laxmikant Pyarelal are highlights of the film (lyrics by Anand Bakshi).
 The film was screened in Algeria's cinema halls every two days for a couple of years; there was, in fact, public demand for it.
 Shashi Kapoor was one of the most successful Indian actors in North African countries like Algeria, Morocco and Libya.
 In the souks of Marrakesh, even today some of the older shopkeepers will give you a discount if you are from the land of Shashi Kapoor.
Prithvi Theatre is one of Mumbai's best known theatres.
 It was built by Shashi Kapoor and his wife Jennifer Kapoor in memory of Prithviraj Kapoor, Shashi's father, who had dreamt of having a "home" for his repertory theatre company, Prithvi Theatres, belongs to the Kapoor family, one of the most influential actor and director families in Bollywood.
 Prithviraj Kapoor founded 'Prithvi Theatres', a travelling theatre company in 1944.
 The company ran for sixteen years.
 Ved Segan was the architect who designed and built the Theatre with the supervision of Jennifer Kapoor.
 Jennifer, (Trustee) supervised the building and running of the theatre until her death in 1984.
 In 1978 Prithvi Theatre opened in Juhu, Mumbai.
 Shashi Kapoor is the Managing Trustee, the daily affairs are looked after by Kunal Kapoor (Trustee) with a small but efficient team.
 Prithvi Theatre has shows every day of the year (closed Mondays), hosts an annual Summertime programme of workshops and plays for children, the Memorial Concert on 28 February, an annual Theatre Festival in November, and many partnership programmes promoting language, poetry, international cinema & documentaries, performing arts – which are free to the public.
Aranyaka (A Trip Into the Jungle) is a 1994 Indian Hindi drama film directed by Apurba Kishore Bir.
 The film stars Sarat Pujari, Navni Parihar, Sanjana Kapoor and Mohan Gokhale in lead roles.
 Based on a short story "Aranyaka" by Manoj Das, the film is set in rural Orissa, where a formal local ruler organizes a hunt for his invited guests, which goes wrong.
 The film highlights the clash between ruling class and indigenous people of the region.
Dastaan was a TV show that aired on Zee TV in mid 1990s.
 The show was based in Dubai, stylishly shot, and starred Parmeet Sethi, Navni Parihar, Nishigandha Wad and Ashish Vidyarthi.
Kabhi Kabhie (Hindi: कभी कभी, English: "Sometimes") is a 1976 Indian Hindi romantic drama film, produced and directed by Yash Chopra, and starring an ensemble cast of Amitabh Bachchan, Raakhee, Shashi Kapoor, Waheeda Rehman, Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Singh.
 This was Yash Chopra's second directorial film with Amitabh Bachchan and Shashi Kapoor in the lead roles after "Deewaar" and was particularly noted for its soundtrack compositions by Khayyam, who won Filmfare Award for Best Music, while film lyricist Sahir Ludhianvi won the Best Lyricist Award for "Kabhi Kabhie Mere Dil Mein," the song which also got singer Mukesh, the Best Male Playback Singer award.
