This is a list of episodes for the anime adaptation of Elemental Gelade.
 The action adventure series is directed by Shigeru Ueda and produced by the Japanese animation studio Xebec.
 Twenty-six episodes were produced and originally broadcast on TV Tokyo between 5 April 2005 to 27 September 2005 at 6 pm.
 The episodes are based on the Elemental Gelade manga series created by Mayumi Azuma.
 It revolves around the adventures of a young sky pirate named Coud Van Giruet, an Edel Raid named Reverie Metherlence, and three members of an Edel Raid Complete Protection Agency named Cisqua, Rowen, and Kuea as they journey to the land of gold, Edel Garden.
Master-McNeil, Inc. is a naming agency.
 One of the first firms formed exclusively for brand naming and research, it was founded in 1988 by SB Master.
 Master added "McNeil" to the company name because it "had a substantial sound" which led potential clients to assume that the company was "big and important, even though we weren't when we first started."
Disney's Contemporary Resort, originally to be named Tempo Bay Hotel and previously the Contemporary Resort Hotel, is a AAA Four-Diamond Award–winning resort located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida.
 Opened on October 1, 1971, the hotel is one of two original properties located at the complex alongside Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, and is currently listed as a deluxe-priced resort.
 It is adjacent to the Magic Kingdom theme park, and is identified by its A-frame main building.
Mr McMeechan claimed £105.17 for four days of unpaid wages from the National Insurance Fund, via the Secretary of State for Employment, after his employment agency went insolvent under the Employment Protection (Consolidation) Act 1978 section 122 (now the ERA 1996 section 182).
 Mr McMeechan worked as a caterer, through an employment agency named Noel Employment Ltd, for Sutcliffe Catering in Swindon.
 He had no written contract, but received a job description for each work assignment.
 He had agreed ‘to fulfil the normal common law duties which an employee would owe to an employer so far as they are applicable’ The Department of Employment refused his claim, saying he was an ‘independent contractor’.
Four Seasons Resort Bora Bora is a luxury resort located at Motu Tehotu on the island of Bora Bora, in the Society Islands of French Polynesia.
 The Resort is a part of Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, a Toronto-based hotel management company.
 Four Seasons Resort Bora Bora is the company's first and only property in French Polynesia.
 The Resort was named the #1 Resort in French Polynesia in 2012, according to Condé Nast Traveler.
Igor Naming Agency is an American naming agency.
 Based in Sausalito, California, Igor is known for its "almost militant embrace" of using real and natural-sounding words in naming.
 Among others, the company has named Gogo Inflight, "Cutthroat Kitchen", TruTV, the Aria Resort, and consumer products for The North Face and Target, among others.
State Route 73 (SR 73) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California, running from the junction with Interstate 405 in Costa Mesa through the San Joaquin Hills to its junction with Interstate 5 in San Juan Capistrano, its northern and southern termini, respectively.
 The entirety of the route is located in Orange County.
 From its northern terminus, the first three miles (5 km) of the highway are called the Corona del Mar Freeway; this section of highway opened in 1978.
 The next 12 mi of the 15 mi highway, completed in November 1996, are a toll road operated by the San Joaquin Hills Transportation Corridor Agency named the San Joaquin Hills Transportation Corridor.
 Its alignment follows an approximately parallel path between the Pacific Coast Highway and the San Diego Freeway.
 There are no HOV lanes currently, but the medians have been designed with sufficient clearance for their construction should the need arise in the future.
The Palace of Zarzuela (Spanish: "Palacio de la Zarzuela" , ] ) is the residence of King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia and their family.
 The palace is on the outskirts of Madrid, near the Royal Palace of El Pardo.
 The complex also houses the official residence of the current King and his family in a nearby mansion.
 The palace is owned by the Spanish State and administered by a state agency named the Patrimonio Nacional (National Estate).
Ausable Bayfield Conservation Authority (ABCA) is a local conservation agency named in the Ontario Conservation Authorities Act.
 Located in Southern Ontario, the agency focuses on the conservation of the drainage basins of the Ausable River, Bayfield River, Parkhill Creek, and Gullies (Bayfield North and South Gullies) watersheds.
 The headquarters is located in Exeter, Ontario.
Paperon Intelligence Agency (acronym: P.I.A.) is an ongoing storyline in the Italian Donald Duck pocket books.
 In the storyline, Scrooge McDuck ("Paperon de' Paperoni") is the chief of an intelligence agency named after him, whose intention is the protection of his money.
 Scrooge employs Donald Duck and Fethry Duck as secret agents to fight various enemies, such as the Beagle Boys and the mad scientist Zantaf.
 Donald's codename is Qu-Qu 7 ("quasi qualificato", Italian for "almost qualified"; also a pun on "cucù-settete" or "bubù-settete", the Italian word for "peekaboo"), and Fethry's codename is Me-Se 12 ("a mezzo servizio", "in half service"; also a pun on "mese", "month", and the number of months in a year).
 In contrast to the "DoubleDuck" storyline, "Paperon Intelligence Agency" is farcical, with Donald and Fethry bumbling up pretty much every mission Scrooge sends them on.
