Heinrich Sutermeister (born Feuerthalen, 12 August 1910 – died Vaux-sur-Morges, 16 March 1995) was a Swiss opera composer.
Dieter Kaegi (born 1957) is a Swiss opera director.
Rahel Ava Indermaur (born 19 July 1980) is a Swiss opera singer and dramatic soprano.
 Indermaur was born and raised in Berneck, Switzerland, a member of the In der Maur family.
 She studied voice and singing at an international school in Berlin, Germany after completing primary school.
 She was taught by Grace Bumbry, Marc Tucker, Charlotte Lehmann, David Lee Brewer, and Jean Ronald LaFond.
 She was awarded the LYRA Music Prize, the Swiss Rotary Club Music Prize, the German Forum New York singing prize, and the Ernst Göhner Prize.
 She was the first person to ever have been awarded the Cantonal Prize for Culture of the Canton of St. Gallen.
 She has performed with the Chamber Opera Leipzig, the Music Theatre Hamburg, the Sorbian National Theatre, the Konstanz Theater, the Teatro Principal in Palma de Mallorca, the Deutsche Oper Berlin, the Chorin Opera Festival, the Berliner Philharmonie, the Tonhalle St. Gallen, the Tonhalle Zürich, the Berlin Chamber Orchestra, the South West Philharmonic, the Lower Silesian Philharmonic, the Dubrovnik Symphony Orchestra, the Antalya Chamber Orchestra, the Brandenburger Bachist, and the Kontanz Chamber Ochestra.
Félix Rienth (born 24 June 1970) is a Swiss operatic tenor.
 Born in Basel, he was a member of the Basel Boys Choir in his youth.
 He made his first opera appearance as a boy with Theater Basel as the first boy in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "The Magic Flute".
 He attended the University of Basel where he earned diplomas in the Spanish and German languages.
 He then studied singing privately in Basel with Heidi Wölnerhanssen before entering the Hochschule der Künste Bern; graduating from there in 2000 with a degree in opera performance.
 He has since had a major career as a concert singer in the oratorio repertoire; appearing with important ensembles and at major music festivals throughout Europe, including a recital in presence of Her Majesty, Queen Fabiola of Belgium.
 He has made about 20 recordings on a variety of labels.
 A highly acclaimed production was the recording of Johann Christoph Pepusch]]'s "Tenor Cantatas" with his wife, Muriel Rochat Rienth, recorder player, and Swiss baroque ensemble "La Tempesta Basel".
 His CD of Spanish baroque songs "Tonos humanos" by José Marín was considered as a reference recording by German magazine "Klassik heute".
 2014 is appearing Georg Philipp Telemann's "Tenor Cantatas" with "La Tempesta Basel", elected among "Best CDs of the month" by Spanish magazine RITMO.
Inga Åberg (Ingeborg Elisabeth; 1773–1837) was a Swedish actress and opera singer, one of the most popular and well known actors of her time in Sweden.
 She was active both as an actress at the Royal Dramatic Theater, and as an opera singer at the Royal Swedish Opera between 1787 and 1810.
Sarah-Jane (born September 26, 1985 in India) is a Swiss demotic singer (schlager, volksmusik) from the Canton of Basel-Country.
 She works with composer Carlo Brunner (brother of Maya Brunner).
Gioconda Vessichelli (born in Rome, Italy) is an opera singer.
 Gioconda is the inventor and pioneer of BollywoOPERA style.
 She has sung in the Bollywood movie "Prague "in 2013, and she has given her voice for the Bollywood movie "Mary Kom" on the song "Ziddi dil" together with Vishal Dadlani.On 19th May 2017 her song "Itni si baat hai" has been released by the label T-series.
 On 20 December 2014 the song "Thodi Daaru" was released featuring Mika Singh.
 Gioconda has done live performances as first fusion ever between opera and classical Hindi music with artists of the caliber of Grammy Award winner Sukhwinder Singh, Hari Haran, Gino Banks, Niladri Kumar, Silvaganesha, in festivals and auditoriums like Nehru Centre[20] in Mumbai.
 She collaborates with Anup Jalota, and many others.
 On 31 March 2016 her international video "We are one" in which she sings and acts together with Anup Jalota for peace in the world has been launched from the Minister of India in Delhi.
 She is in the annual book of Italian opera singer for having sung in the first world edition of contemporary opera at "Teatro comunale di Modena", broadcast on Italian state radio RAI.
 Gioconda is the first singer in the premiere world ever of the contemporary opera “Lavinia fuggita” by Matteo d’Amico.
 She has two degrees in opera singing and musicology from Italian conservatory "Santa Cecilia" and international high school of opera "H.Wolf".
 The tenor Luciano Pavarotti has been her teacher, among other opera singers who selected her as one of the best students.
 She was selected as best singer at accademia rossiniana in Pesaro and she debuts the role of "Madama cortese" in "il viaggio a Reims" by Rossini with the symphonic orchestra of Rof at Rossini theatre in Pesaro.
 She sings again in a Rossini opera at Ercolano international opera season in "Il barbiere di Siviglia" and at teatro Politeama opera season in Lecce.
 After Rossini she debuts "Carmen" by Bizet.
 Her interpretation of the role "Mimì" in the opera "La Boheme" by Puccini received positive critiques.
Heidi Brunner (born 1966) is a Swiss opera singer.
 She began her career as a mezzo-soprano at the Anhaltisches Theater in Dessau in 1993.
 After making appearances at the opera houses in Basel, Innsbruck, and Biel, she was a member of both the Vienna State Opera and Vienna Volksoper from 1996 to 1999.
 Among the roles she sang in Vienna were Adalgisa in "Norma", Annio in "La clemenza di Tito", and the title role in "La Cenerentola".
 She then sang as a guest artist with theatres throughout Europe, including making appearances at the Bavarian State Opera, the Grand Théâtre de Genève, the Komische Oper Berlin, the Liceu, and the Salzburg Festival.
 In the 2004-2005 season she began performing roles from the soprano repertoire, beginning with a performance of Franz Schreker's "Irrelohe".
Phillip Boykin (sometimes credited as Phillip Lamar Boykin) is an American bass-baritone, broadway, gospel, jazz and opera singer, film and stage actor.
 In 2017 he was featured in the Broadway revival of "Sunday in the Park with George" and made Broadway history as the first African-American Boatman/Lee Randolph while reopening Broadway's newest and oldest theater at the time The Hudson Theater New York City which played it last Broadway show in 1968.
 Phillip will play the role of Tonton Julian in the Revival of "Once On This Island".
 He was also featured in On the Town at the Lyric Theater.
 He was nominated for the Tony Award, as well as the Drama Desk and Outer Critic Circle Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical for his role as Crown in the Broadway revival of (Porgy and Bess).
 He was awarded the Theater World Award for his Outstanding Broadway debut.
 He is the founder and director of "The NYGospel Brothers" a Gospel Quartet that travels around the world spreading the good news.
 One of ten children, Boykin grew up in Greenville, South Carolina.
 He started studies in Opera Performance at South Carolina State College before transferring to the North Carolina School of the Arts.
 He left NCSA in 1990 and moved to the Hartt School of the University of Hartford where he received his Bachelor of Music in Vocal Performance in 1995.
 He later studied toward a Master's degree in Opera and Jazz Vocals from Howard University.
 He was seen on the big screen in Freedom starring Cuba Gooding Jr., Top Five starring Chris Rock and Easter Mysteries written by Tony Award Winning Broadway producer John O’Boyle.
"Hollyoaks" is a long-running Channel 4 soap opera in the United Kingdom.
 This is a list of characters who first appeared on the programme during 2010, listed in order of their first appearance.
 In January 2010, it was announced that Paul Marquess would be taking over the role of series producer from Lucy Allan, who had been with the show for one year.
 Marquess fully took control on 17 January 2010, onwards.
 March saw the introduction of Jem Costello, a new love interest for Gilly Roach.
 The character of Eva Strong was introduced in April as the biological mother of Anita Roy, and Texas Longford joined "Hollyoaks" in May.
 Marquess' first major casting was former "Footballers Wives" actress Phina Oruche in the role of Gabby Sharpe along with her children Amber and Taylor and husband Phil, all of whom appeared in June.
 In July, the Costellos became the second family of the year to be introduced, consisting of Carl and Heidi Costello and their sons Seth and Riley.
 July also saw the arrivals of Heidi's cousin Mitzeee Minniver and student Kevin Smith.
 Three characters joined in August: Jasmine Costello, Heidi and Carl's daughter; Bart McQueen, a member of the long-established McQueen family; and Brendan Brady, Cheryl Brady's half-brother.
 In September, the O'Connors were introduced, with daughter Sinead, son Finn, stepmother Diane and father Rob, and new students Leanne Holiday, Jamil Fadel and Doug Carter.
 London West End star Darren Day joined the cast in October, playing Danny Houston.
