Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway, often referred to simply as Saturday Night Takeaway or SNT, is a British television variety show presented and executively produced by Ant & Dec.
 The show was first broadcast on 8 June 2002 on ITV.
 It was broadcast live from The London Studios on the South Bank from 2002 till 2017.
 The format was heavily influenced by previous Saturday night light entertainment shows, most notably "Noel's House Party" and "Don't Forget Your Toothbrush", while individual items often pay homage to Saturday night TV of the past, such as "Opportunity Knocks".
NIGHT is an art/fashion/music/literature/nightlife periodical co-edited by Anton Perich and Robert Henry Rubin.
 Established in Manhattan, New York, in 1978 the magazine was created during the punk-new wave-disco nightclub era of among others; Studio 54, Xenon, Club A, Regine's, The Continental, Hurrah's, Danceteria, and the Mudd Club.
 Today the magazine continues to focus on the beautiful, the exclusive, the intelligent and the controversial.
 Among the contributors have been; Charles Plymell, Helmut Newton.
 Taylor Mead, Victor Bockris, Lee Klein, Charles Henri Ford and countless others.
 At the dawn of her writing career Sex in the City author Candace Bushnell wrote for NIGHT, stating... " “I wrote for this paper called Night Magazine, which was mainly just a bunch of pictures of people at Studio 54.
 I would do little interviews and profiles.”
...
Saturday Night Magazine is a lifestyle and entertainment magazine created in 2004 at the University of Southern California by publisher and founder Michael Ritter.
 "Saturday Night Magazine" targets a readership of 18- to 29-year-olds through editorial coverage that includes: celebrities, fashion, sports, politics, music, technology, travel, careers, movies, video games, and comedy.
 The median age of its readers is 23.
 Past covers have featured celebrities and public figures such as: Katy Perry, Shenae Grimes, DJ AM, Emma Stone, Amber Heard, Sophia Bush, Rachel Bilson, Scarlett Johansson, Kristen Bell, Katie Couric, Audrina Patridge, Heidi Montag and Malin Åkerman.
 It can be found on college campuses in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, Phoenix and Tucson, as well as at many off-campus retail locations.
 In November 2008, "Saturday Night Magazine" celebrated its 40th issue.
Bruce Headlam is a Canadian journalist and the media desk editor of the "New York Times" since September 2008.
 He has reported in the several sections of the newspaper since 1998, including Circuits, Escapes and the Times Magazine.
 Previously he had worked at "Saturday Night Magazine" and "Canadian Business".
 He was featured in the film "".
<section begin=head />"Saturday Night Live" ("SNL") is a late-night sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels.
 It premiered on NBC, a terrestrial television network, on October 11, 1975 under the title "NBC's Saturday Night".
 The show often satirizes contemporary American popular culture and politics.
 "Saturday Night Live" features a two-tiered cast: the repertory members, also known as the "Not Ready for Prime-Time Players," and newer cast members, known as "Featured Players."
 Each week, the show features a host, often a well-known celebrity, who delivers an opening monologue and performs in sketches with the cast.
 A musical guest is also invited to perform several sets (usually two, and occasionally more).
 Every so often a host or musical guest will fill both roles, such as was the case with Britney Spears in 2000 and 2002, Jennifer Lopez in 2001 and 2010, Justin Timberlake in 2003, 2006 and 2013, Taylor Swift in 2009, Bruno Mars in 2012, Lady Gaga in 2013, Miley Cyrus in 2013 and 2015, Drake in 2014 and 2016, Blake Shelton in 2015, and Ariana Grande in 2016.
 With the exception of Season 7 and several other rare cases, the show has begun with a cold open that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming "Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!
"
The Nickelodeon Saturday programming block, known as Gotta See Saturdays from 2012 to 2013, Nick's New Saturday Night from 2014, and Nick's Saturday Night since 2015, is the current program block branding of Nickelodeon's Saturday morning and Saturday evening programming on the flagship channel in the United States.
 The morning block (airing from 10:00 a.m.-12:30 p.m ET/PT) mainly features new premieres of Nicktoons programming, with the evening block (from 7:30 p.m.-10:00 p.m ET/PT) consisting of the network's original live-action sitcoms.
 The branding launched on September 22, 2012 with season premieres of the respective series in both dayparts.
 The evening version of "Gotta See Saturdays" is a direct successor to the former Saturday night SNICK (1992–2004) and TEENick (2001–2009) blocks.
The phrase Saturday night special is a colloquial term used in the United States and Canada for any inexpensive handgun, especially a mousegun/pocket pistol.
 Saturday night specials have been defined as compact, inexpensive, small-caliber handguns with perceived low quality; however, there is no official definition of "Saturday night special" under US or Canadian federal law.
 Some states define "Saturday night specials" or "junk guns" by means of composition or materials strength.
 Low cost and high availability make these weapons attractive to many buyers despite their shortcomings.
 In the late 19th century and early 20th century, they were commonly referred to as suicide specials.
In Australia, Saturday Night Footy (formerly as Saturday Night Football) is the broadcasting of Australian Football League (AFL) Saturday night matches on television.
 "Saturday Night Footy" is generally considered to be one of the biggest stages and generates publicity for the clubs involved.
 It is for this reason that clubs involved generally want to perform at their best to avoid large-scale criticism from the media.
 The Seven Network have the broadcast rights for the AFL starting from the 2012 season.
Saturday Night Blues: 20 Years is a 2006 double CD compilation album, released by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and, internationally, by the Universal Music Group, of live performances of Canadian blues artists, as featured on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation radio program, "Saturday Night Blues".
 It is a successor album to "Saturday Night Blues", released in 1991, which commemorated the radio program's fifth year.
BBC Sky at Night magazine is a British monthly magazine about astronomy aimed at amateur astronomers and published by Immediate Media Company.
 The title of the periodical derives for the likenamed Television program produced by the BBC, "The Sky at Night".
 The magazine, in comparison with the TV series, includes more technical and scientific information.
 It also includes a bonus CD-ROM with software programs, latest astronomical photographs, written materials and in some issues, a 'classic' episode of "The Sky at Night" from the BBC archives.
