The first Sicilian monarch was Roger I, Count of Sicily.
 The last monarch was King Ferdinand III of Sicily; during his reign, the Kingdom of Naples merged with the Kingdom of Sicily.
 The subsequent monarchs were Kings of the Two Sicilies.
Bernardo Putairi (died 1 January or 7 January 1889) was the Prince Regent of the island of Mangareva, and other Gambier Islands including Akamaru, Aukena, Taravai and Temoe from 1873 to 1881.
 He served as regent and de facto monarch during the interregnum period when the royal succession of Mangareva was in doubt and after the death of the last royal heir became the last monarch of the island kingdom.
 His name is often written Putaïri or Putairï in French sources.
Hawaii's Story by Hawaii's Queen is a book written by Queen Liliʻ uokalani, the last monarch of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻ i.
 It was published in 1898, five years after the overthrow of the Kingdom.
 In it, Liliʻ uokalani gives her account of her upbringing, her accession to the throne, the overthrow of her government by pro-American forces, her appeals to the United States to restore the Hawaiian monarchy, and her arrest and trial following an unsuccessful 1895 rebellion against the Republic of Hawaiʻ i.
Charles I (Karl Franz Joseph Ludwig Hubert Georg Otto Maria; 17 August 18871 April 1922) was the last ruler of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
 He was the last Emperor of Austria, the last King of Hungary (as Charles IV), and the last monarch belonging to the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
 After his uncle Franz Ferdinand was assassinated in 1914, Charles became the designated successor of the Emperor Franz Josef.
 Charles I reigned from 1916 until 1918, when he "renounced participation" in state affairs, but did not abdicate.
 He spent the remaining years of his life attempting to restore the monarchy until his death in 1922.
 Following his beatification by the Catholic Church in 2004, within Catholic community he is commonly known as Blessed Karl of Austria.
Liliʻuokalani (] ; born Lydia Liliʻu Loloku Walania Wewehi Kamakaʻeha; September 2, 1838 – November 11, 1917), was the last monarch of the Kingdom of Hawaii, ruling from January 29, 1891 until the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii on January 17, 1893.
 The composer of "Aloha ʻOe" and numerous other works, she authored her biography during her imprisonment following the overthow.
Joseph Hewahewa Kaimihakulani Heleluhe (June 2, 1855 – July 8, 1900) was a member of the Hawaiian nobility who served as a retainer and private secretary of Queen Liliʻuokalani, the last monarch of the Kingdom of Hawaii, and accompanied her on her trips to the United States and Washington, DC from 1896 to 1900 to prevent the American annexation of Hawaii.
The Union of the Crowns (Scottish Gaelic: "Aonadh nan Crùintean" ; Scots: "Union o the Crouns" ) was the accession of James VI of Scotland to the thrones of England and Ireland, and the consequential unification for some purposes (such as overseas diplomacy) of the three realms under a single monarch on 24 March 1603.
 The Union of Crowns followed the death of Elizabeth I of England — the last monarch of the Tudor dynasty, who was James's unmarried and childless first cousin twice removed.
The Native American hereditary leaders during this time are not included.
 Those that are listed as former monarchs of what is now the continental United States were heads of European seated monarchies (or Mexican monarchs, such as Agustín I of Mexico and Maximilian I of Mexico) and themselves never set foot on American soil.
 Others were indigenous monarchs, such as Malietoa Tanumafili I, Tuʻi Manuʻa Elisala and Liliuokalani of Hawaii; The last monarch of each state and territory may not be the last colonial ruler (i.e. Louis XV of France is the last French monarch of Louisiana, but Napoleon Bonaparte, prior to becoming Emperor, was the last ruler of Louisiana).
 Also their end of reign may not be how the US acquired these states.
 One state can have more than one last monarch, since each state may have been the product of many different acquisitions by the United States.
 Different claims of a foreign country are taken into account.
Liliuokalani, the last monarch of Hawaii, died at her residence Washington Place, at 8:30 a.m. on November 11, 1917, at the age of seventy-nine.
 According to her lady-in-waiting Lahilahi Webb, the Queen had been in rapidly failing health and diminished mental capacity during the weeks immediately preceding her death.
 Besides Webb, those who were with her at the end were her doctor William Cotton Hobdy, Prince Jonah Kūhiō Kalanianaʻole, and his wife Elizabeth Kahanu Kalanianaʻole.
 Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust, Curtis P. Iaukea, immediately raised her royal standard (flag) over Washington Place to signal her death.
 Iaukea's wife Charlotte Kahaloipua Hanks, and two elderly royal retainers Wakeke Ululani Heleluhe and Onaala, were also in attendance at the Queen's death.
Kalākaua (November 16, 1836 – January 20, 1891), born David Laʻ amea Kamananakapu Mahinulani Naloiaehuokalani Lumialani Kalākaua and sometimes called The Merrie Monarch, was the last king (and second to last monarch) of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻ i.
 He reigned from February 12, 1874 until his death in San Francisco, California, on January 20, 1891.
 Kalākaua had a convivial personality and enjoyed entertaining guests with his singing and ukulele playing.
 At his coronation and his birthday jubilee, the hula that had been banned from public in the kingdom became a celebration of Hawaiian culture.
