James W. Harper (born October 8, 1948) is an American actor.
 Throughout his career, he has acted in many movies and guest-starred in a myriad television shows, such as "Frasier", "Matlock", "NYPD Blue", "", and "JAG".
 He also played the role of Admiral Kelso in the 1998 film "Armageddon".
 In addition to acting, Harper has contributed his voice to several video games, most notably "StarCraft" as Arcturus Mengsk, "", and "Diablo".
 Harper reprised his role of Arcturus Mengsk in "" and "".
Pedro "LucifroN" Moreno Durán (born 31 October 1991) is a Spanish professional gamer.
 He started his career in "" and later competed in both "Starcraft 2" and "Heroes of the Storm".
 At the age of 16, playing "", he became the world championship runner-up by finishing second on Blizzcon 2008.
 One year later he won the European Championship and the Electronic Sports World Cup Masters of Cheonan, winning the first, and to date only, gold medal for Spain in the competition.
.
 In "Starcraft 2" he participated in several international tournaments, winning The Gathering and the IPL D.I.C.E Showdown among others.
 In "Heroes of the Storm" he played for Team Liquid, winning several tournaments, most notably three DreamHacks.
Atsuko Tanaka (田中 敦子 , Tanaka Atsuko , born November 14, 1962 in Maebashi, Gunma) is a Japanese voice actress associated with Mausu Promotion (formerly Ezaki Productions).
 Her most-known voice role is Motoko Kusanagi in the "Ghost in the Shell" film and franchise.
 She also voices Caster in the "Fate/stay night", Lisa Lisa in "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure", Claudette in "Queen's Blade", Francis Midford in "Black Butler", and Karura in "Utawarerumono".
 In video games, she voices title characters Lara Croft in the Japanese dub of the "Tomb Raider" games, and Bayonetta in the "" film adaptation and "Bayonetta 2".
 She studied with the in voice training in 1991.
 In 2012, a Biglobe poll named her the voice actress with the sexiest voice.
The Walk of the Stars was a section of the Bandstand Promenade in Bandra, Mumbai honouring Bollywood film stars.
 The path features about six statues of famous Bollywood actors as well as about 100 brass plates embossed with the handprints and signatures of other stars.
 The walk was inspired by the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
 It was funded and privately managed by UTV and promoted through their UTV Stars television channel.
 The walk was 2 km long.
 It was inaugurated by actress Kareena Kapoor on 28 March 2012, with actor Randhir Kapoor and filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar also present.
Max Charles (born August 18, 2003) is an American teen actor.
 In addition to his appearance in the 2012 film "The Three Stooges", Charles played a young Peter Parker in "The Amazing Spider-Man" and had a role in the ABC comedy science fiction series "The Neighbors".
 In 2014, Charles voiced Sherman in DreamWorks Animation's "Mr. Peabody & Sherman".
 He also voices Sherman on "The Mr. Peabody and Sherman Show" Netflix Series He also played a recurring role in Disney XD's. "
Lab Rats: Bionic Island" as Spin.
 He currently voices Kion on the Disney Junior series "The Lion Guard," and Harvey on the Nickelodeon series "Harvey Beaks".
 He also plays Zack Goodweather on the TV series "The Strain."
Jonathan Walsh (born January 14, 1989), nicknamed Jinro, is a retired Swedish professional "StarCraft 2" player.
 He lives in South Korea, and played for Team Liquid in the GOMTV Global Starcraft II League (GSL).
 Jinro used to live in the oGs (Old Generations) team house, which was due to an agreement between oGs and Team Liquid.
 With the breakup of oGs, Jinro has found a new house with fellow Team Liquid players TLO, Hero, and Haypro.
 He plays as Terran.
 Jinro became the first non-Korean to reach the semi-finals in GSL Season 3.
 Jinro then went on to reach the semi-finals a second time.
 So far, Jinro is the only foreigner to reach the Ro4 in GSL.
 In November 2010 he won the Major League Gaming Starcraft 2 tournament in Dallas.
 His nickname comes from the Korean distiller Jinro.
Melody Marie Tavitian-Parra is an American actress and model.
 Born and raised in Los Angeles, California, Parra demonstrated a talent for acting early on.
 She began acting in school plays at the age of 6 and continued throughout high school where she won the school's Best Actress Gold Medal, the Musical Theatre Director's Dream Actress Award, and the Best Film Actress Tommy at John Marshall High in Los Feliz.
 She made her professional stage debut during her senior year in "What's Shakein?"
 (2009) at the Greek Theatre in the play's lead role.
 In 2009, Parra was admitted to UCLA with a full merit scholarship.
 While pursuing a dual BA, Parra joined the university's prestigious ACT III Theatre Ensemble where she played lead and large supporting roles in classics such as "Othello", "Oedipus Rex", "Macbeth", and "The Fall".
 In 2012 she graduated UCLA at the age of 20, receiving her BA in English Literature and Spanish.
 She made her feature film debut the following year cast in the lead role of Stella in the indie film drama "City of Quartz" (2013).
 The film premiered at the BLOW-UP Arthouse International Film Festival.
 That same year she was cast in the comedy "With this Ring" (2013) where she played a supporting role in both the play and its on-screen adaptation.
 Parra's other films include the crime drama "Here in the East" (2014), "Fronteras" (2015), "Ouroboros" (2015), and "Edge" (2015).
 Both "Here in the East" and "Edge" won Best Film in the 2015 Hollywood Reel Independent Film Festival and the 2015 San Diego Film Festival, respectively.
Walk All Over Me is a Canadian film released in 2007 written by Robert Cuffley and Jason Long.
 The film stars Leelee Sobieski as "Alberta", a small-town girl who assumes the false identity of her former babysitter and current dominatrix roommate "Celene", played by Tricia Helfer.
 Lothaire Bluteau, Michael Eklund, Michael Adamthwaite, and Jacob Tierney also star in the film.
 It was directed by Cuffley and produced by Carolyn McMaster.
Julie Deborah Kavner (born September 7, 1950) is an American film and television actress, voice actress and comedian.
 She first attracted notice for her role as Valerie Harper's character's younger sister Brenda in the sitcom "Rhoda" for which she won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.
 She is best known for her voice role as Marge Simpson on the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 She also voices other characters for the show, including Jacqueline Bouvier, and Patty and Selma Bouvier.
Tricia Janine Helfer (born April 11, 1974) is a Canadian model and actress.
 She is best known for playing the humanoid Cylon Number Six in Ronald D. Moore's re-imagined "Battlestar Galactica" television series (2004–2009) and for voicing Sarah Kerrigan, the Queen of Blades, in the "Starcraft 2" trilogy.
