Thomas Anthony Whitfield (April 30, 1954 – June 20, 1992) was an American gospel singer, songwriter, arranger, pianist, choir director and producer best known for helping to shape the fabric of contemporary gospel music with his elaborate choral arrangements and the merging of musical styles ranging from jazz to classical into traditional gospel foundations.
 This style earned him the respectable title of ""Maestro"" by many of his colleagues and supporters.
 He was best known for organizing one of the popular contemporary gospel choirs of all time, the Thomas Whitfield Company, and for producing best-selling records for Vanessa Bell Armstrong, Shirley Caesar, Yolanda Adams, Douglas Miller, Keith Pringle, Paul Morton and for Aretha Franklin.
Tempestt Bledsoe (born August 1, 1973) is an American actress.
 She is best known for her childhood role as Vanessa Huxtable, the fourth child of Cliff and Clair Huxtable on the long-running NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show" (1984–92).
 In December 2010, it was announced that Bledsoe would be the host of "Clean House" on the Style Network, replacing long-time host Niecy Nash.
 From September 2012 to February 2013, she was one of the stars of the NBC TV sitcom "Guys with Kids", portraying Marny.
Amelia Fiona "Minnie" Driver (born 31 January 1970) is an English actress and singer-songwriter.
 She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Gus van Sant's "Good Will Hunting" (1997) for her role as Skylar, and for the Emmy Award and Golden Globe for her work in the television series "The Riches" (2007-2008).
 Her film work includes "Sleepers", "Grosse Pointe Blank", "Tarzan", "Return to Me", "Ella Enchanted", "The Phantom of the Opera", "Conviction", & "Barney's Version".
 She starred as Fiona Bowa on the NBC sitcom "About a Boy" and currently stars as Maya DiMeo on the critically acclaimed ABC sitcom "Speechless".
Ta-Ronce Allen (born February 2, 1960) is an American actress.
 She is best known for her appearances as a teen actress on television in the 1970s.
 She had a role as Michael Evans's girlfriend "Yvonne" in two episodes of the CBS sitcom "Good Times" in 1976 and 1977.
 Allen was born in Los Angeles and currently lives in Lancaster, California.
 She is also the daughter of actor Raymond Allen, who starred as Uncle Woodrow Anderson on the NBC sitcom "Sanford and Son" and Ned "The Wino" on the CBS sitcom "Good Times" in the 1970s.
 Allen had a role in the 1972 neo-noir film "Hickey & Boggs" with actors Bill Cosby and Robert Culp.
 She also appeared in the first episode of the second season of "Kung Fu" entitled "The Well.
Edward Bridge "Ted" Danson III (born December 29, 1947) is an American actor, author, and producer well known for his role as lead character Sam Malone on the NBC sitcom "Cheers" and for his role as Dr. John Becker on the CBS sitcom "Becker".
 He also starred in the CBS dramas "" and "" as D.B. Russell.
 He also plays a recurring role on Larry David's HBO sitcom "Curb Your Enthusiasm", starred alongside Glenn Close in legal drama "Damages", and was a regular on the HBO comedy series "Bored to Death".
 In 2015 he starred as Hank Larsson in the second season of FX's black comedy-crime drama anthology "Fargo".
 Since 2016, he has played the afterlife "architect" Michael in the NBC sitcom "The Good Place.
Thomas Anthony Jankiewicz (September 8, 1963 – January 23, 2013) was an American screenwriter.
 Jankiewicz was best known for penning the 1997 film, "Grosse Pointe Blank", starring John Cusack, Minnie Driver, Alan Arkin, and Dan Aykroyd.
 "Grosse Pointe Blank" tells the story of an assassin, played by John Cusack, who returns to his hometown for his 10-year high school reunion.
Meshach Taylor (April 11, 1947 – June 28, 2014) was an American actor.
 He was Emmy-nominated for his role as Anthony Bouvier on the CBS sitcom "Designing Women" (1986–93).
 He was also known for his portrayal of Hollywood Montrose, a flamboyant window dresser in "Mannequin".
 He played Sheldon Baylor on the CBS sitcom "Dave's World" (1993–97), appeared as Tony on the short-lived NBC sitcom "Buffalo Bill" opposite Dabney Coleman, and appeared as the recurring character Alastair Wright, the social studies teacher and later school principal, on Nickelodeon's sitcom, "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide".
Michelle Thomas (September 23, 1968 or 1969 – December 22 or 23, 1998) was an American actress and comedian.
 She was best known for her roles as Justine Phillips on the NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show" (1988–90), and Myra Monkhouse, Steve Urkel (Jaleel White)'s girlfriend on the ABC/CBS sitcom "Family Matters" (1993–98).
Courteney Bass Cox (born June 15, 1964) is an American actress, producer, and director.
 She is best known for her roles as Monica Geller on the NBC sitcom "Friends", Gale Weathers in the horror series "Scream", and Jules Cobb in the ABC/TBS sitcom "Cougar Town", for which she earned her first Golden Globe nomination.
 Cox also starred in the FX series "Dirt".
 She owns a production company, called Coquette Productions, which was created by Cox and her then-husband David Arquette.
 Cox also worked as a director on her sitcom "Cougar Town" and the television film "Talhotblond".
Thomas Anthony Hollander (born 25 August 1967) is an English actor.
 He began his career in theatre, winning the Ian Charleson Award in 1992 for his performance as Witwoud in "The Way of the World" at the Lyric Hammersmith Theatre.
 He is known for his roles in comedic films such as "Pirates of the Caribbean" and "In the Loop" and drama films such as "Enigma", "Pride & Prejudice", "Gosford Park", and "Hanna".
 He played the lead role in the sitcom "Rev.", which won the British Academy Television Award for best sitcom in 2011.
 He also played the lead in the ITV's "Doctor Thorne" and won the BAFTA Television Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Major Lance "Corky" Corkoran in the BBC series "The Night Manager".
