The Ivy Rugby Conference is an annual rugby union competition played among the eight member schools of the Ivy League.
 The Ivy Rugby Conference was formed in 2009.
 The Ivy Rugby Conference was formed to foster better competition among rugby teams from the Ivy League schools and to raise the quality of play.
 Ivy Rugby formed committees to manage the league, independently of the LAUs and TUs.
 The Ivy Rugby Conference, and specifically its sevens tournament, has enabled the Ivy schools to tap into existing rivalries and fan bases.
The Cornell Big Red men's ice hockey team is a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I college ice hockey program that represents Cornell University.
 Cornell competes in the ECAC Hockey conference and plays its home games at Lynah Rink in Ithaca, New York.
 Six of the eight Ivy League schools sponsor men's hockey and all six teams play in the twelve-team ECAC.
 The Ivy League crowns a champion based on the results of the games played between its members during the ECAC season.
The Eastern Intercollegiate Wrestling Association (EIWA) is an NCAA Division I collegiate wrestling conference.
 It held its first championship tournament in 1905, making it the oldest wrestling conference in the NCAA; the charter members were Columbia, Pennsylvania, Princeton, and Yale.
 Thirty-two different schools have been members of the EIWA during its history, all schools from the Eastern United States.
 Its current members are schools in the Northeast whose main conferences do not sponsor wrestling, including the Patriot League, America East Conference, Northeast Conference, and Colonial Athletic Association, as well as all of the Ivy League schools that sponsor wrestling.
 Franklin & Marshall is the only Division III school that competes in Division I wrestling.
This list of Ivy League law schools outlines the five universities of the Ivy League that host a law school.
 The three Ivy League universities that do not offer law degrees are Brown, Princeton and Dartmouth.
 All five Ivy League law schools are consistently ranked among the top 14 law schools in the nation or T14.
"Public Ivy" is a term coined by Richard Moll in his 1985 book "Public Ivies: A Guide to America's Best Public Undergraduate Colleges and Universities" to refer to US universities that are claimed to provide an Ivy League collegiate experience at a public school price.
 Public Ivies are considered, according to "The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education", to be capable of "successfully competing with the Ivy League schools in academic rigor... attracting superstar faculty and in competing for the best and brightest students of all races."
Southern Ivy is an informal term, and not an official body, that has been used in the U.S. to compare Southern universities to the schools of the northeastern Ivy League in some way, usually in academic quality or in social prestige.
 The "Southern Ivy League," referred to as the "Magnolia League", was also a failed attempt to construct an athletic conference with schools that had similar "academic missions and philosophies".
 Given that the term is colloquial, there is no comprehensive, objective or definitive list of schools that are considered "Southern Ivies".
Benjamin Banneker Academy for Community Development (usually called Banneker) is a public high school located in the Clinton Hill section of Brooklyn, New York City.
 The school was originally a Drake's Cakes factory.
 Still today, different floors of the school are in Drake's colors, blue and yellow.
 It has a small, but family type atmosphere for a high school.
 It is usually called a junior college because the faculty and students are so focused on college.
 Banneker, which serves grades 9 through 12+, is operated by the New York City Department of Education.
 Many of the graduates attend SUNY schools, HBCUs (historically black colleges and universities) and CUNY schools.
 There are also a few that attend Ivy League schools and a few are recruited for Posse schools.
 The school's graduation rate has been at least 90% since 2002.
The Eastern Intercollegiate Baseball League was a baseball-only conference that existed from 1930 to 1992.
 It consisted of the eight Ivy League schools along with Army and Navy.
 The league disbanded after the 1992 season, when Army and Navy joined the Patriot League and the Ivy League began sponsoring baseball.
Ivy Film Festival (IFF) is the world's largest student-run film festival, hosted annually on the campus of Brown University.
 The Festival was started in 2001 by then-Brown juniors David Peck and Justin Slosky in collaboration with students of the other seven Ivy League schools.
 The founders' goal was to create a venue to showcase and honor the work of talented student filmmakers.
 Ivy Film Festival currently accepts submissions from around the world for both its short film and screenplay competitions.
This list of Ivy League medical schools outlines the seven universities of the Ivy League that host a medical school.
 Only one Ivy League university, Princeton University, does not have a medical school.
 All Ivy League medical schools are located in the Northeast region of the United States and are privately owned and controlled.
 Only two of the schools, at Dartmouth and Penn, are located adjacent to the undergraduate campuses.
 The schools at Brown, Columbia, Harvard, and Yale, are located on separate campuses in the same metropolitan area as the university.
 The school at Cornell, Weill Cornell Medicine, is located in New York City, far from the main Ithaca campus.
