Louis-Hector Berlioz (] (English: ); 11 December 1803 – 8 March 1869) was a French Romantic composer, best known for his compositions "Symphonie fantastique" and "Grande messe des morts" (Requiem).
 Berlioz made significant contributions to the modern orchestra with his "Treatise on Instrumentation".
 He specified huge orchestral forces for some of his works, and conducted several concerts with more than 1,000 musicians.
 He also composed around 50 songs.
 His influence was critical for the further development of Romanticism, especially in composers like Richard Wagner, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Franz Liszt, Richard Strauss, and Gustav Mahler.
The American Opera Society (AOS) was a New York City based musical organization that presented concert and semi-staged performances of operas between 1951 and 1970.
 The company was highly influential in sparking and perpetuating the post World War II bel canto revival, particularly through a number of highly lauded productions of rarely heard works by Gioachino Rossini, Gaetano Donizetti, and Vincenzo Bellini.
 The AOS also presented many operas to the American public for the first time, including the United States premieres of Benjamin Britten's "Billy Budd", Giuseppe Verdi's "Giovanna d'Arco", George Frideric Handel's "Hercules" and Hector Berlioz's "Les troyens" to name just a few.
The Mémoires de Hector Berlioz are an autobiography by French composer Hector Berlioz.
 First serialised in several contemporary journals including "Journal des Débats" and "Le Monde Illustré", their compilation into one book was completed on New Year's Day, 1865 and after much proof-reading, an initial printing of 1200 was carried out in July.
 After distributing some copies to certain friends, they were put aside until Berlioz died.
 After Berlioz's death in 1869, they were published in 1870.
 They provide an extremely colourful, if biased, account of Berlioz's life, and are invaluable to anyone with an interest in the artistic life of the time.
Gaetano Rossi (18 May 1774 – 25 January 1855) was an Italian opera librettist for several of the well-known "bel canto"-era composers including Gioachino Rossini, Gaetano Donizetti, and Saverio Mercadante in Italy and Giacomo Meyerbeer in one of his early Italian successes.
 Other composers with whom he worked included Simon Mayr, a composer and Donizetti's teacher, as well as the prolific Giovanni Pacini.
Il furioso all'isola di San Domingo "(The Madman on the Island of San Domingo)" is a "romantic melodramma" in two acts by the composer Gaetano Donizetti.
 Jacopo Ferretti, who since 1821 had written five libretti for Donizetti and two for Rossini (including "La cenerentola"), had proposed the unusual subject and he was contracted to write the Italian libretto based on a five-act play of the same title by an unknown author in 1820, which "had been given in the same theatre [...] and which Donizetti had immediately loved".
 However, as has been noted by Charles Osborne, the "ultimate derivation of both play and libretto is an episode in part 1 of "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes's published in 1605" which is the story of Cardenio and Lucinda.
L'enfance du Christ (English: "The Childhood of Christ" ), Opus 25, is an oratorio by the French composer Hector Berlioz, based on the Holy Family's flight into Egypt (see Gospel of Matthew 2:13).
 Berlioz wrote his own words for the piece.
 Most of it was composed in 1853 and 1854, but it also incorporates an earlier work "La fuite en Egypte" (1850).
 It was first performed at the Salle Herz, Paris on 10 December 1854, with Berlioz conducting and soloists from the Opéra-Comique: Jourdan (Récitant), Depassio (Hérode), the couple Meillet (Marie and Joseph) and Bataille (Le père de famille).
The French composer Hector Berlioz made four attempts at winning the Prix de Rome music prize, finally succeeding in 1830.
 As part of the competition, he had to write a cantata to a text set by the examiners.
 Berlioz's efforts to win the prize are described at length in his "Memoirs".
 He regarded it as the first stage in his struggle against the musical conservatism represented by the judges, who included established composers such as Luigi Cherubini, François-Adrien Boieldieu and Henri Montan Berton.
 Berlioz's stay in Italy as a result of winning the prize also had a great influence on later works such as "Benvenuto Cellini" and "Harold en Italie".
 The composer subsequently destroyed the scores of two cantatas ("Orphée" and "Sardanapale") almost completely and reused music from all four of them in later works.
 There was a revival of interest in the cantatas in the late 20th century, particularly "La mort de Cléopâtre", which has become a favourite showcase for the soprano and mezzo-soprano voice.
Eugenio Cavallini (16 June 1806 — 11 April 1881) was an Italian conductor, composer, violinist, and violist.
 In 1833 he became first violinist of the orchestra at La Scala, a post he held through 1855.
 He also served as a conductor at La Scala, notably leading the world premieres of Gaetano Donizetti's "Lucrezia Borgia" (1833), Donizetti's "Gemma di Vergy" (1834), Donizetti's "Maria Stuarda" (1835), Saverio Mercadante's "Il giuramento" (1837), Mercadante's "Il bravo" (1839), Giuseppe Verdi's "Oberto" (1839), Verdi's "Un giorno di regno" (1840), Donizetti's "Maria Padilla" (1841), Verdi's "Nabucco" (1842), Verdi's "I Lombardi alla prima crociata" (1843), Verdi's "Giovanna d'Arco" (1845), Federico Ricci's "Estella di Murcia" (1846), and Domenico Ronzani's "Salvator Rosa" (1854).
Hector Berlioz (1803–1869) was a French Romantic composer.
Roméo et Juliette is a "symphonie dramatique," a large-scale choral symphony by French composer Hector Berlioz, which was first performed on 24 November 1839.
 The libretto was written by Émile Deschamps, and the completed work was assigned the catalogue numbers Op. 17 and H.79.
 It is based on Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet"; it is regarded as one of Berlioz's finest works, and it is among the most original in form.
 The score is Berlioz's most comprehensive and detailed programmatic piece.
