George Duval Buffett (November 19, 1928 – October 13, 2012) was an American politician who was a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1979 to 2002.
 Buffett attended University of New Mexico and was a businessman.
 He died in 2012.
 He was an arch-conservative state representative, owner of Buffett's Candy and cousin of Warren Buffett.
TaeguTec Ltd. (Korean: 대구텍), formerly known as Korea Tungsten Company, is a multinational corporation headquartered in Daegu, Korea.
 It is the largest cutting tools manufacturer in the Far East, also Korea's largest manufacturer of tungsten cutting tools and hard metal tools with the only integrated tungsten production plant in the world.
 TaeguTec group has 26 overseas subsidiaries and over 130 distributors and 30 agents in 50 countries across Europe, Asia, Australia, and the American countries.
 Considered as the world's oldest manufacturer of tungsten and related products, the group has earned reputation for its excellent global marketing and large production capacity worldwide.
 In addition to the initial 80 per cent stake purchased in 2006, Warren Buffett paid additional 2 billion dollars for the remaining stake in IMC, of which TaeguTec was a part.
 Through this acquisition, TaeguTec became Berkshire Hathaway's first and only wholly owned subsidiary in Korea.
 On October 25, 2007, Buffett flew to Daegu to tour TaeguTec and to meet with the management.
 On March 21, 2011, Warren Buffett re-visited the firm to attend TaeguTec Plant 2 inauguration ceremony and later met with Korean President Lee Myung-bak.
Owner earnings is a valuation method detailed by Warren Buffett in 1986.
 He stated that the value of a company is simply the total of the net cash flows (owner earnings) expected to occur over the life of the business, minus any reinvestment of earnings.
Susan Thompson Buffett (June 15, 1932 – July 29, 2004), the first wife of investor Warren Buffett, was active in civil rights, abortion rights and population control causes.
 She was a director of Berkshire Hathaway, owning 2.2 percent (worth US$3 billion in 2004) of the company at the time of her death.
 She was the 153rd richest person in the world.
 She was president of the Buffett Foundation, which has contributed millions of dollars to educational groups, medical research, population-control groups and other charities.
Susan Alice Buffett (born July 30, 1953) is the daughter of Warren Buffett.
 She is also an American philanthropist, her charitable work has focused largely on the Sherwood Foundation, formerly known as the Susan A. Buffett Foundation, an organization in Omaha that provides grants in public education, human services and social justice in the interest of promoting the welfare of children from lower-income families.
 She is also on the boards of the Buffett Foundation and Girls, Inc. According to a 2010 interview with her brother Howard Graham Buffett, Buffett's philanthropic focus has consistently remained on children, education and family issues, but she has also committed to other causes, including Debt, AIDS, Trade, Africa, a non-governmental organization dedicated to various improvements in Africa.
The Warren Buffett Way, a book by author Robert Hagstrom, outlines the principles of value investing practiced by successful investor Warren Buffett.
The Buffett Foundation is a charitable organization formed by Omaha, Nebraska investor and industrialist Warren Buffett as a vehicle to manage his charitable giving.
 It was renamed Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation in honor of his wife Susan Buffett when she died in 2004.
Peter Andrew Buffett (born May 4, 1958) is an American musician, composer, author and philanthropist.
 With an acclaimed career that spans more than 30 years, Peter is an Emmy Award winner, New York Times best-selling author and co-chair of the NoVo Foundation.
 He is the youngest son of billionaire investor Warren Buffett.
Howard Graham Buffett (born December 16, 1954) is an American businessman, former politician, philanthropist, photographer, farmer, and conservationist.
 He is the middle child of billionaire investor Warren Buffett.
 He is named after Howard Buffett, his grandfather, and Benjamin Graham, Warren Buffett's favorite professor.
Howard Warren Buffett (born October 14, 1983) is an American public relations professor, political advisor, and philanthropist.
 He serves as faculty member at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs and was previously the executive director of the Howard G. Buffett Foundation, a private philanthropic foundation that funds initiatives aimed at improving the standard of living and quality of life for the world’s most impoverished and marginalized populations.
 He previously led agriculture-based economic stabilization and redevelopment programs in Iraq and Afghanistan while at the United States Department of Defense, and as a policy advisor in the Executive Office of the President of the United States under President Barack Obama.
