The XFL Draft was the only draft for the single-season XFL football league.
 The draft took place over a 3 day time period from October 28, 2000 to October 30, 2000 during which time a total of 475 players were selected by the league's 8 teams from a pool of approximately 1,600 or so eligible players.
 The draft consisted of 59 rounds—10 rounds taking place on October 28, 15 rounds on October 29, and 34 rounds on October 30.
The Battle of Clitheroe was a battle between a force of Scots and English knights and men at arms which took place on 10 June 1138 during the period of The Anarchy.
 The battle was fought on the southern edge of the Bowland Fells, at Clitheroe, Lancashire.
 It took place in the course of an invasion of England by King David I of Scotland.
 In the summer of 1138, King David split his army into two forces.
 One of them, commanded by William fitz Duncan, Mormaer of Moray, marched into Lancashire.
 There he harried Furness and Craven.
 On 10 June, William fitz Duncan was met by a force of knights and men-at-arms.
 A pitched battle took place and the result was that the English army was routed.
 The battle was a prelude to the Battle of the Standard later in the summer, where the result was reversed.
The Battle of Karanovasa (lit.
 "Battle of the Trenches") took place on 10 October 1394 between the Wallachian army led by Voivode Mircea cel Bătrân against an Ottoman invasion led by Sultan Bayezid I.
 This battle is sometimes confused with the later Battle of Rovine (lit.
 "Battle of the Marshes", Rovine is old Romanian-Latin for ruins, modern Italian rovinare to tear down) between the same combatants, and which took place also along the valley of the Argeş River.
Elizabeth Jane Holden "Libby" Lane (born 8 December 1966) is a Church of England bishop.
 Since January 2015, she has been the Bishop of Stockport, a suffragan bishop in the Diocese of Chester.
 She is the first woman to be appointed as a bishop by the Church of England, after its General Synod voted in July 2014 to allow women to become bishops.
 Her consecration took place on 26 January 2015 at York Minster.
The Synod of Chester (Medieval Latin: "Sinodus Urbis Legion(um)") was an ecclesiastical council of bishops held in Chester in the late 6th or early 7th century.
 The period is known from only a few surviving sources, so dates and accounts vary, but it seems to have been a major event in the history of Wales and England, where the native British bishops rejected overtures of peace from Augustine's English mission.
 This led directly to the Battle of Chester, where Æthelfrith of Northumbria seems to have killed the kings of Powys and (possibly) Gwynedd during an attack on the ecclesiastical community at Bangor-on-Dee.
Nova Scotia (also known as Mi'kma'ki and Acadia) is a Canadian province located in Canada's Maritimes.
 The region was initially occupied by Mi'kmaq.
 During the first 150 years of European settlement, the colony was primarily made up of Catholic Acadians, Maliseet and Mi'kmaq.
 During the latter seventy-five years of this time period, there were six colonial wars that took place in Nova Scotia (see the French and Indian Wars as well as Dummer's War and Father Le Loutre's War).
 After agreeing to several peace treaties, this long period of warfare ended with the Burial of the Hatchet Ceremony between the British and the Mi'kmaq (1761) and two years later when the British defeated the French in North America (1763).
 During these wars, Acadians, Mi'kmaq and Maliseet from the region fought to protect the border of Acadia from New England.
 They fought the war on two fronts: the southern border of Acadia, which New France defined as the Kennebec River in southern Maine.
 The other front was in Nova Scotia and involved preventing New Englanders from taking the capital of Acadia, Port Royal (See Queen Anne's War), establishing themselves at Canso.
Norway Chess is an annual closed chess tournament, typically taking place in the May to June time period every year.
 The first edition of which took place in the Stavanger area, Norway, from 7 May to 18 May 2013.
 The 2013 tournament had ten participants, including seven of the ten highest rated players in the world per the May 2013 FIDE World Rankings.
 It was won by Sergey Karjakin, with Magnus Carlsen and Hikaru Nakamura tied for the second place.
 Norway Chess 2015, took place in mid-June 2015 and was a part of the inaugural Grand Chess Tour.
 The tournament has since decided to withdraw from the Grand Chess Tour.
The Andreev Bay nuclear accident took place at Soviet naval base 569 in February 1982.
 Andreev Bay is a radioactive waste repository, located 55 km northwest of Murmansk and 60 km from the Norwegian border on the western shore of the Zapadnaya Litsa (Kola Peninsula).
 The repository entered service in 1961.
 In February 1982, a nuclear accident occurred, a radioactive water release from a pool in building #5.
 Cleanup of the accident took place from 1983 to 1989.
 About 700,000 tonnes of highly radioactive water leaked into the Barents Sea during that time period.
 About 1,000 people took part in the cleanup effort.
 Vladimir Konstantinovich Bulygin, who was in charge of the naval fleet's radiation accidents, received the Hero of the Soviet Union distinction for his work.
The Battle of Ruxu, also known as the Battle of Ruxukou, took place in 222-223 between the forces of Cao Wei and Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period.
 The battle was the third battle taking place between the Cao and Sun clan at Ruxu, but this particular conflict was the only of the three to take place actually during the Three Kingdoms period, as the other two took place in 213 and 217.
Theodotus, patriarch of Antioch (??
–429), in A.D. 420 succeeded Alexander, under whom the long-standing schism at Antioch had been healed, and followed his lead in replacing the honoured name of Chrysostom on the diptychs of the church.
 He is described by Theodoret, at one time one of his presbyters, as "the pearl of temperance," "adorned with a splendid life and a knowledge of the divine dogmas".
 Joannes Moschus relates anecdotes illustrative of his meekness when treated rudely by his clergy, and his kindness on a journey in insisting on one of his presbyters exchanging his horse for the patriarch's litter.
 By his gentleness he brought back the Apollinarians to the church without rigidly insisting on their formal renouncement of their errors.
 On the real character of Pelagius's teaching becoming known in the East and the consequent withdrawal of the testimony previously given by the synods of Jerusalem and Caesarea to his orthodoxy, Theodotus presided at the final synod held at Antioch (mentioned only by Mercator and Photius, in whose text Theophilus of Alexandria has by an evident error taken Theodotus' place) at which Pelagius was condemned and expelled from Jerusalem and the other holy sites, and he joined with Praylius of Jerusalem in the synodical letters to Rome, stating what had been done.
 The most probable date of this synod is that given by Hefele: A.D. 424.
 When in 424 Alexander, founder of the order of the Acoemetae, visited Antioch, Theodotus refused to receive him as being suspected of heretical views.
 His feeling was not shared by the Antiochenes, who, ever eager after novelty, deserted their own churches and crowded to listen to Alexander's fervid eloquence.
 Theodotus took part in the ordination of Sisinnius as patriarch of Constantinople, in February 426, and united in the synodical letter addressed by the bishops then assembled to the bishops of Pamphylia against the Massalian heresy.
 He died in 429.
