The genre of science fiction has been prevalent in the Indian film industry since the second half of the 20th century.
 Beginning in 1952, the film "Kaadu" was made, which was a Tamil-American co-production. "
The Alien" was a science fiction film under production in the late 1960s which was eventually cancelled.
 The film was being directed by Bengali Indian director Satyajit Ray and produced by Hollywood studio Columbia Pictures.
 The script was written by Ray in 1967, based on "Bankubabur Bandhu", a Bengali story he had written in 1962 for "Sandesh", the Ray family magazine.
 In 1987, the superhero film "Mr. India" was a huge success which strengthened the hold of sci-fi films in India, especially Bollywood.
 "Indiatimes Movies" ranks the movie amongst the "Top 25 Must See Bollywood Films".
 "Mr. India" brought the idea of science fiction to the general people in India.
 In 2003, the blockbuster film "Koi... Mil Gaya" marked the beginning of the successful Krrish film series, which is the first sci-fi/superhero film series in Indian cinema.
 The 2010 Tamil film "Enthiran" starring Rajinikanth and Aishwarya Rai is the most expensive and most successful sci/fi film ever produced in India.
The Philip K. Dick Reader is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1997.
 Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "If", "Science Fiction Adventures", "Science Fiction Stories", "Orbit", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Future", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Beyond Fantasy Fiction", "Satellite", "Imaginative Tales", "Fantastic Universe" and "Space Science Fiction".
 It is identical in content and order to the edition of volume 3 of the Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick produced by the same publisher apart from the substitution of three stories in positions 21-23 of 24 and the omission of the end notes in the Collected Stories edition.
 At press time, stories 21 and 24 had already been made into successful movie adaptations and stories 22 and 23 had been optioned.
Forrest J Ackerman (born Forrest James Ackerman; November 24, 1916 – December 4, 2008) was an American magazine editor, science fiction writer and literary agent, a founder of science fiction fandom, a leading expert on science fiction, horror, and fantasy films, and acknowledged as the world's most avid collector of genre books and movie memorabilia.
 He was based in Los Angeles, California.
Final Blackout is a dystopic science fiction novel by author L. Ron Hubbard.
 The novel is set in the future and follows a man known as "the Lieutenant" as he restores order to England after a world war.
 First published in serialized format in 1940 in the science fiction magazine "Astounding Science Fiction", "Final Blackout" was published in book form in 1948 by The Hadley Publishing Co..
 Author Services Inc. published a hardcover edition of the book in 1988, and in 1989 the Church of Scientology-affiliated organization Bridge Publications said that a film director named Christopher Cain had signed a contract to write and direct a movie version based on the book.
I-CON (short for "Island CONvention") is a [roughly] annual fan convention, held on various college campuses in Suffolk County, Long Island, New York.
 First held in 1982 on the campus of Stony Brook University (then State University of New York at Stony Brook), I-CON became a very eclectic convention.
 The programming included things normally found at different types of convention, like speeches by and talks with science fiction authors, extensive gaming, anime fandom, comics fandom, furry fandom, multiple movie showings, and medieval programming, as well as live performances.
 There was also a science track discussing recent developments in various branches of science and exploring the real science behind science fiction technologies.
 I-CON was jointly held by ICON Science Fiction, Inc., a tax-exempt educational foundation, and the I-CON Campus Chapter of Stony Brook.
The Scorch Trials is a 2010 young adult post-apocalyptic dystopian science fiction novel written by American author James Dashner and the second book, fourth chronologically, in "The Maze Runner" series.
 The novel was published on September 18, 2010 by Delacorte Press.
 It is preceded by "The Maze Runner", and followed by "The Death Cure".
 A was released on September 18, 2015 by 20th Century Fox.
A Cure for Wellness is a 2016 science fiction psychological horror
The Death Cure is a 2011 young adult dystopian science fiction novel written by American writer James Dashner and the third book, fifth chronologically, in the "Maze Runner" series.
 It was published on October 11, 2011 by Delacorte Press and was preceded by "The Maze Runner" and "The Scorch Trials" and followed by the series prequels, "The Kill Order and The Fever Code."
Severna Park (born 1958) is a science fiction author and winner of the Nebula Award for Best Short Story (The Cure For Everything, 2001).
 Her first novel, "Speaking Dreams" from 1992, was a Lambda Literary Award nominee.
 She now writes mainstream fiction.
 Employed as a teacher, she lives with her partner of twenty-five years in Maryland.
Raumschiff Highlander (translated: Starship Highlander) is a fan-created science fiction film and novel series.
 The series was initiated in 1993 by Robert Amper.
 Originally, a fan club of science fiction, especially for "" (aka "ST:TOS" or just "TOS"), and the Star Wars movies, whose members met regularly.
 Some members having experience in filmmaking, the idea spawned of creating material for a movie.
 First episode of the series aired in 1995 on German TV Channel SAT.1.
 Inspired by the success of their movie came four additional sequels at the rate of one per year.
 The movies are a parody of Star Trek and other classics of the genre.
