Nine Months is a 1995 romantic comedy film directed by Chris Columbus.
 It stars Hugh Grant, Julianne Moore, Tom Arnold, Joan Cusack, Jeff Goldblum, and Robin Williams.
 The movie is a US remake of the French movie "Neuf mois" and served as Grant's first US starring role.
 It was filmed on location in the San Francisco Bay Area.
 The original music score was composed by Hans Zimmer.
Hans Florian Zimmer (] ; born 12 September 1957) is a German film score composer and record producer.
 Since the 1980s, he has composed music for over 150 films.
 His works include "The Lion King", for which he won the Academy Award for Best Original Score in 1995, the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series, "The Thin Red Line", "Gladiator", "The Last Samurai", "The Dark Knight Trilogy", "Inception", "Interstellar" and "Dunkirk".
Pacific Heights is a 1990 psychological thriller film directed by John Schlesinger, written by Daniel Pyne, and starring Melanie Griffith, Matthew Modine, and Michael Keaton.
 The original music score was composed by Hans Zimmer.
 The film's tagline is: "It seemed like the perfect house.
 He seemed like the perfect tenant.
 Until they asked him to leave."
Wise Blood is an American 1979 drama film directed by John Huston and based on the 1952 novel "Wise Blood" by Flannery O'Connor.
 It was filmed mostly in and around Macon, Georgia, near O'Connor's home Andalusia in Baldwin County, using many local residents as extras.
 Though largely faithful to O'Connor's novel, Huston reframes many scenes from the book as broad comedy accompanied by a bluegrass banjo score.
 The original music score was composed by Alex North.
 The film was titled Der Ketzer or Die Weisheit des Blutes when released in Germany, and Le Malin when released in France.
Remote Control Productions, Inc. is a film score company run by composer Hans Zimmer and based in Santa Monica, California.
 Originally known as ""Media Ventures,"" which was conceived and founded by Jay Rifkin and Hans Zimmer, the company changed its name after the partners both filed lawsuits against each other.
 Today, Remote Control is home to a large group of composers mentored by Zimmer, many of whom have had successful film scoring careers as part of the company or on their own.
James Michael "Jim" Dooley (born August 22, 1976 in New York City, New York) is an American film score composer.
 Dooley studied music at New York University, majoring in music composition.
 After finishing the university he moved to Los Angeles, where he studied music with prolific film score composers Christopher Young, Elmer Bernstein and Leonard Rosenman.
 In 1999, he started working for Hans Zimmer as his chief technical assistant.
 He works in Santa Monica, in Hans Zimmer's film music studio Remote Control Productions (formerly "Media Ventures").
 He composed, arranged, and orchestrated music for films like "" and "The Da Vinci Code".
 He also composed music for "inFAMOUS 2", the Epic Mickey series and worked with Celldweller and Tarja Turunen.
 He released his debut album, "Veiled Nation", in 2013.
John Kusiak (born July 20, 1948) is an American composer best known for his work with documentary filmmaker Errol Morris.
 He won the 2012 Cinema Eye Honors Award for Outstanding Achievement in Original Music Score for Morris’ Tabloid (film) "Tabloid"] Kusiak has composed music for live performance, commercials, and museum installations as well as film and television.
 He began scoring films for Boston-based Northern Light Productions in the 1980s while he was a touring rock and roll guitarist, and founded the studio Kusiak Music in 1992.
 He lives in Arlington, Massachusetts.
The Black Shield of Falworth is a 1954 film made by Universal-International, produced by Robert Arthur and Melville Tucker and directed by Rudolph Maté.
 The screenplay was adapted by Oscar Brodney from Howard Pyle's novel "Men of Iron" and starred Tony Curtis as Myles Falworth, Janet Leigh as Lady Anne of Mackworth, David Farrar as the Earl of Alban, Herbert Marshall as the Earl of Mackworth, and Torin Thatcher as Sir James.
 The original music score was composed by Hans J. Salter.
12 Years a Slave is the original soundtrack album to the 2013 film "12 Years a Slave" starring Chiwetel Ejiofor, Michael Fassbender, Benedict Cumberbatch, Paul Dano, and Lupita Nyong'o.
 The record contains twenty-one tracks from the original film score written and composed by Hans Zimmer.
 The score was widely admired and thought of as a contender for the Academy Award for Original Music Score at the 86th Academy Awards.
Broadway is an east-west street in San Francisco that runs from The Embarcadero to the Pacific Heights neighborhood.
 The neon-lined stretch of Broadway through North Beach is the city's historically "red-light" district, home to strip clubs and other adult businesses, as well as many nightclubs and bars, and has been featured in several films and television shows.
 The street is home to several notable venues, such as the Showgirls theater, the Broadway Tunnel, Convent of the Sacred Heart High School and the City Lights Bookstore.
 West of the Broadway Tunnel, Broadway becomes more and more residential, moving from multiple dwelling units into two of the City's wealthier neighborhoods, Cow Hollow and Pacific Heights.
 It ends at Lyon Street and the Presidio which is gated to vehicular traffic.
