Robin Guarino (born April 3, 1960) is an opera and film director.
 She has directed operas such as "The Marriage of Figaro", "Don Giovanni", "Lohengrin", "Così fan tutte" , and "The Magic Flute" at the Metropolitan Opera.
 Also, she has directed at Seattle Opera, Glimmerglass Opera, Chautauqua Opera, Virginia Opera, and Wolf Trap Opera.
 She continues to direct, most recently "L'etoile" and "The Marriage of Figaro" for the Wolf Trap Opera Festival, " La Calisto", "The Magic Flute" and "Iphigénie en Aulide" for Juilliard Opera Center, and at Gotham Chamber Opera, "Il Signor Bruschino".
 She currently holds the J. Ralph Corbett Distinguished Chair in Opera at the University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music."
Bum Phillips is an opera in two acts by American composer Peter Stopschinski.
 Kirk Lynn wrote the English language libretto based on Bum Phillips' memoirs "Bum Phillips: Coach, Cowboy, Christian".
 The opera was conceived by theater director Luke Leonard and commissioned by Monk Parrots, Inc. as described in a 2014 "Sports on Earth" article titled "A Night at the "Bum Phillips" Opera".
Alexis Soriano is a Spanish-Lithuanian orchestral conductor and composer.
 A pupil of Ilya Musin, and later of Valery Gergiev, he has been Principal Associate Conductor of The Hermitage Orchestra for ten years and is Artistic Director of the "Spanish Evenings Festival" in Saint Petersburg.
 On the invitation of Gergiev, he made his debut at the Mariinsky Theater, conducting Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro".
 Since 2009 he has been Artistic Director and principal conductor of the chamber opera company, "Opera Incognita" and conducted the company's first fully staged opera, "The letters of Van Gogh" by Grigory Frid, at the Hermitage Theatre.
 The production was nominated for the Golden Mask Award.
 His repertoire also includes contemporary and rarely performed music, especially Spanish.
 He was chief conductor of INSO Lviv Symphony Orchestra between 2010 and 2012.
 He has conducted the first recording of José Lidón's 1792 opera, "Glaura y Cariolano".
 Since 2012 he has been Artistic Director of New York Opera Society.
 In 2014 he was elected as one of the "100 Spaniards" which excelled abroad in their own discipline.
 Among the orchestras he has conducted are those of the Mariinsky Theatre, Teatro Colón, and the Teatro Real in Madrid as well as the Lithuanian National Orchestra, Saint Petersburg Symphony, Prague Symphony, English Chamber Orchestra, and Taipei Symphony.
Kirill Zhandarov was born 29 March 1983 in the town of Lomonosov (the Petrodvorets district of Leningrad) in the family, which has nothing to do with art.
 In school he performed on stage the literary globe theatre.
 In high school played for the school team of KVN, traveled with performances in many cities of Russia.
 Relatives to his son's passion for theater was skeptical and tried to persuade Cyril to go to law, but in 2000 he enrolled at the St. Petersburg Academy of theatrical art (SPBGATI), from which he graduated in 2004, the rate of S. I. Parshin.
 As a student, played on the stage of the educational theater on Mokhovaya.
 In 2004-2005 he worked in the Moscow theater of Roman Viktyuk.
 However, as he said in an interview in Moscow felt uncomfortable and in 2006 he returned to his hometown.
 Began performing at the Bolshoi drama theater.
 G. A. Tovstonogov.
 Theatre work in the BDT them.
 G. Tovstonogova: 2007 - "A Whim!"
 (A. N. Ostrovsky, P. M. Nevezhin; dir.
 R. G. Trostyanetsky) - Barkalov; 2007 - "the Night before Christmas" (N.In.
 Gogol, dir.
 N. N. Pinigin) - Lad; 2008 - "uncle's dream" (Dostoevsky, dir.
 T. N. Chkheidze) - Mozglyakov; 2010 - "School of taxpayers" (p. Bernal, J. Burr; dir.
 N. N. Pinigin) - Raymond Giroux.
 While working in Moscow appeared the advertisement of chewing gum Stimorol - smile Cyril was broadcast across the country.
 In the movie debuted in 2003 in the series of Director Dmitry svetozarova "Three colors of love", playing Sam's (Sergey Samohvalova).
 The first success came in 2007 when he starred in the debut work of Director Anna GRES "Milkmaid of hatsapetovki".
 In the series he played a major role - Dima Bulychev.
 In the movie he sang the song, music and words which he wrote.
 Next was work in the film "And still I love...", "Hope as evidence of life", "Night visitors", "Tomorrow begins today", "provincial", "Breathe with me", "Dostoevsky", "A4 Format" and many others.
 Zhandarov is recognized that not all of the roles he played were in awe, often had to agree to just earn: "in my position, probably, do not choose: BDT me as the lead young actor was paid 12 thousand.
 I safe place paid 17 thousand.
 How to live?
.
."
 Initially the actor began to develop the role of hero-lover, but he managed to get away from him.
 Beat a lot of villains and negative characters.
 Gradually he has gained a lot of diverse roles.
 "I went from the image of the hero-lover, imposed by the channels.
 My filmography has become more distinguishing roles," says the actor.
 "When I was playing villains.
 At first I liked it, and then tired.
 And I continued to offer such characters.
 Tried a specific role.
 But goodie for me was not particularly interesting," notes Zhandarov.
 According to the actor, he wants to play a man who takes revenge: "it is not necessary to be a negative character, but they should move the feeling of revenge.
 I'm interested in the psychology of the hero."
4 Devils (also known as Four Devils) is a lost 1928 American silent drama film directed by German film director F. W. Murnau and starring Janet Gaynor.
Phillip Boykin (sometimes credited as Phillip Lamar Boykin) is an American bass-baritone, broadway, gospel, jazz and opera singer, film and stage actor.
 In 2017 he was featured in the Broadway revival of "Sunday in the Park with George" and made Broadway history as the first African-American Boatman/Lee Randolph while reopening Broadway's newest and oldest theater at the time The Hudson Theater New York City which played it last Broadway show in 1968.
 Phillip will play the role of Tonton Julian in the Revival of "Once On This Island".
 He was also featured in On the Town at the Lyric Theater.
 He was nominated for the Tony Award, as well as the Drama Desk and Outer Critic Circle Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical for his role as Crown in the Broadway revival of (Porgy and Bess).
 He was awarded the Theater World Award for his Outstanding Broadway debut.
 He is the founder and director of "The NYGospel Brothers" a Gospel Quartet that travels around the world spreading the good news.
 One of ten children, Boykin grew up in Greenville, South Carolina.
 He started studies in Opera Performance at South Carolina State College before transferring to the North Carolina School of the Arts.
 He left NCSA in 1990 and moved to the Hartt School of the University of Hartford where he received his Bachelor of Music in Vocal Performance in 1995.
 He later studied toward a Master's degree in Opera and Jazz Vocals from Howard University.
 He was seen on the big screen in Freedom starring Cuba Gooding Jr., Top Five starring Chris Rock and Easter Mysteries written by Tony Award Winning Broadway producer John O’Boyle.
Lord Byron is an opera in three acts by Virgil Thomson to an original English libretto by Jack Larson, inspired by the historical character Lord Byron.
 This was Thomson's third and final opera.
 He wrote it on commission from the Ford Foundation for the Metropolitan Opera (Met), but the Met never produced the opera.
 The first performance was at Lincoln Center, New York City on April 20, 1972, by the music department of the Juilliard School with John Houseman as stage director, Gerhard Samuel as the conductor and Alvin Ailey as the choreographer.
 A performance of a revised version, by the composer, took place in 1985 with the New York Opera Repertory Theater.
Brett C. Leonard is an American dramatist, screenwriter and producer.
 A member of the LAByrinth Theater Company of New York City, he is best known for his tragic drama "The Long Red Road" which was performed at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago under Philip Seymour Hoffman as director, starring Tom Hardy, and for his play "Guinea Pig Solo", originally produced as a co-production between LAByrinth and NY's Public Theater, starring John Ortiz.
 Leonard also wrote and produced for the HBO TV series "Hung" (2011).
, wrote and served as a Supervising Producer for the AMC series "Low Winter Sun", was a writer and Co-Executive Producer on Amazon's "Mad Dogs," a Consulting Producer on AMC's "Fear the Walking Dead" and Creative Consultant on BBC/FX drama "Taboo."
 Also of note are his plays "Ninth and Joanie" directed by Mark Wing-Davey, produced in New York City by LAByrinth Theater Company, "Roger and Vanessa", produced at Theatre 503 in London, The Actors' Gang in Los Angeles and Tap Gallery in Sydney and "Unconditional", produced by LAByrinth at NYC's Public Theater, directed by Mark Wing-Davey and published in "New Playwrights: The Best Plays of 2008".
 His low-budget film "Jailbait", based on his play, starred Michael Pitt and Stephen Adly Guirgis, premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival, won Best Narrative Feature at Lake Placid Film Festival and was released theatrically in 2005.
David Alden (born 1949 in New York City) is a prolific theater and film director known for his post-modernist settings of opera.
 He is the twin brother of Christopher Alden, also an opera director in the revisionist mold.
 The two brothers have covered much of the same repertoire in their long careers, but whereas Christopher's operatic settings place greater emphasis on his characters' emotional range, David's protagonists are more broadly caricatured and his productions far more politically charged.
 Another distinguishing feature between them is that David has been more active in Europe throughout his career, having enjoyed a particularly close creative partnership with Sir Peter Jonas for more than two decades, at both the English National Opera and the Bavarian State Opera.
Julien Nitzberg (born 1965) is a US screenwriter, stage writer, lyricist, theater director and film director, best known in the film world as the director of the documentary "The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia".
 In the theater world, Nitzberg is best known for his controversial musical "The Beastly Bombing or A Terrible Tale of Terrorists Tamed by the Tangles of True Love".
 Nitzberg wrote the book and lyrics and directed this musical in Los Angeles and New York.
 "The Beastly Bombing" won the LA Weekly Theater Award for Best Musical of the Year.
