The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2 is a 2015 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Francis Lawrence, with a screenplay by Peter Craig and Danny Strong.
 It is the fourth and final installment in "The Hunger Games" film series, and the second of two films based on the novel "Mockingjay", the final book in "The Hunger Games" trilogy, by Suzanne Collins.
 Produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik, and distributed by Lionsgate, the film features an ensemble cast that includes Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Julianne Moore, Philip Seymour Hoffman, and Donald Sutherland.
 Hoffman died in February 2014, making "Mockingjay – Part 2" his final film role.
 Principal photography on both parts of the film began on September 23, 2013 in Atlanta, before moving to Paris for two weeks of back-to-back filming and officially concluding on June 20, 2014, in Berlin and at Babelsberg Studios, Germany.
American entertainer Justin Timberlake has released four video albums and has been featured in thirty-seven music videos, seventeen films, fifteen television shows, and six commercials.
 He achieved early fame when he appeared in the Disney Channel television series "The New Mickey Mouse Club", alongside singers Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera and actor Ryan Gosling.
 Timberlake rose to fame in the late 1990s as the lead singer of the boy band NSYNC.
 In 2002, he launched his solo career and released his solo debut single "Like I Love You", the music video for which was directed by Bucky Chrome.
 Francis Lawrence directed the video for "Cry Me a River".
 The video features Timberlake's character as he spies on a former lover, who according to the director portrays his former romantic interest Spears.
 At the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards, the video won the accolades for Best Male Video and Best Pop Video.
Rich Lee is an American music video and commercial director signed to Native Content in Hollywood, California.
 He has directed music videos for Lana Del Rey, Maroon 5, Eminem, The Black Eyed Peas, Norah Jones, Michael Bublé and The All-American Rejects.
 Rich Lee started his professional career as a sculptor and fabricator for Broadway shows in New York City.
 He later moved on to computer graphics and created 3-D previsualizations for big budget Hollywood feature films such as the first three "Pirates of the Caribbean" films, "I Am Legend", "Minority Report" and "Constantine".
 From the encouragement of feature film directors he moved into directing music videos and commercials.
 He has directed commercials for brands like Fiat, Hyundai, Honda, Beats by Dre etc.
The Hunger Games film series consists of four science fiction dystopian adventure films based on "The Hunger Games" trilogy of novels, by the American author Suzanne Collins.
 Distributed by Lionsgate and produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik, it stars Jennifer Lawrence as Katniss Everdeen, Josh Hutcherson as Peeta Mellark, Woody Harrelson as Haymitch Abernathy, Elizabeth Banks as Effie Trinket, Philip Seymour Hoffman as Plutarch Heavensbee, Stanley Tucci as Caesar Flickerman, Donald Sutherland as President Snow and Liam Hemsworth as Gale Hawthorne.
 Gary Ross directed the first film, while Francis Lawrence directed the next three films.
Kristof Konrad (born 1962 as Krzysztof Wojslaw) is a Polish-American film, television, theatre, and voice actor.
 For over twenty years, he has successfully worked in film and television in both the United States and Europe, working with directors such as Kenneth Branagh, Francis Lawrence, Ron Howard, and Roland Emmerich and working opposite actors such as Jennifer Lawrence, Robin Wright, Kerry Washington, Jennifer Garner, and many more.
 He currently resides in Los Angeles and works internationally.
"Pilot" (also known as "Tales of the Red Thread") is the first episode of the first season of the American supernatural thriller drama television series "Touch".
 The episode premiered in the United States on Fox on January 25, 2012.
 The episode was written by series creator Tim Kring and directed by Francis Lawrence.
 The concept of "Touch" was devised by Kring, who developed the science fiction drama "Heroes" for the NBC network.
"Rhythm Divine" is a song by Spanish recording artist Enrique Iglesias, taken from his fourth studio album and debut English-language record "Enrique" (1999).
 It was released on 9 October 1999, by Interscope Records as the second single from the project.
 The song was written by Paul Barry and Mark Taylor, while production was handled by Taylor and Brian Rawling.
 An accompanying music video was directed by Francis Lawrence.
 The single sold over 3 million copies in 2000.
"What's So Different?"
 is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine.
 It was the second single for his second album "100% Ginuwine".
 The song peaked one position below the Top 20 as an R&B hit and peaked within the Top 50 portion as a pop hit.
 "What's So Different" lyrically describes the narrator questioning his lover who is cheating on her boyfriend to be with him.
 He claims that if she is cheating on another man to be with him, she may also cheat on him to be with someone else.
 The music video was directed by Francis Lawrence.
 "What's So Different" samples the Monkees 1968 #3 U.S. single, "Valleri".
Red Sparrow is an upcoming American spy thriller film directed by Francis Lawrence, based on the book of the same name, written by Jason Matthews.
 The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Joel Edgerton, Matthias Schoenaerts, Charlotte Rampling, and Jeremy Irons.
 It is scheduled to be released on March 2, 2018.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 is a 2014 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Francis Lawrence with a screenplay by Peter Craig and Danny Strong.
 It is the first of two films based on Suzanne Collins' novel " Mockingjay", the final book in "The Hunger Games" trilogy, and the third installment in "The Hunger Games" film series, produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik and distributed by Lionsgate.
 The film features an ensemble cast that includes Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Julianne Moore, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Jeffrey Wright, Stanley Tucci, and Donald Sutherland.
 Principal photography for both parts of the film began on September 23, 2013, in Atlanta, before moving to Paris for two weeks of filming and officially concluding on June 20, 2014, in Berlin.
