C24 Gallery is a contemporary art gallery founded in 2011 by Emre & Maide Kurttepeli, Mel Dogan and located in Chelsea, New York City.
 A two-level 5000 sqft space focuses on presenting exhibitions from both local and international prominent artists.
 Voted one of the "500 Best Galleries Worldwide" in the 2013 & 2015 Annual Gallery Issue of Modern Painters magazine, C24 Gallery also attends yearly art fairs in New York, Miami and Europe.
 C24 Gallery represents artists such as Carole Feuerman, Katja Loher, Irfan Önürmen, Christian Vincent, Dil Hildebrand, Seckin Pirim, Nick Gentry, Mike Dargas, Robert Montgomery and Regina Scully.
Jessica Todd Harper is a portrait photographer with a B.A.
 in art history from Bryn Mawr College and an M.F.A. in photography from Rochester Institute of Technology.
 Her photographs have been featured in Photo District News; Camera Austria; Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung; Newsweek; and O, The Oprah Magazine.
 Exhibits include The International Museum of Photography, George Eastman House, Rochester, NY; The Houston Museum of Fine Arts; the Allentown Art Museum; the Woodmere Art Museum in Philadelphia; Blue Sky Gallery in Portland; Paul Kopeikin Gallery in L.A.; Cohen Amador Gallery in New York; The Photographic Center Northwest in Seattle; and The Photographic Resource Center in Boston.
 Harper is a recent project competition winner at Center (formally the Sante Fe Center for Photography) and selected artist of "PDN's 30: Our Choice of Emerging Photographers to Watch."
 Harper is represented by Cohen Amador Gallery in New York and teaches at Swarthmore College.
 Harper was a finalist for Smithsonian Institution's National Portrait Gallery 2016 Outwin Boochever Portrait Competition.
Carl Richard Jacobi (July 10, 1908 – August 25, 1997) was an American journalist and author.
 He wrote short stories in the horror and fantasy genres for the pulp magazine market, appearing in such pulps of the bizarre and uncanny as Thrilling, "Ghost Stories", Startling Stories, Thrilling Wonder Stories, Planet Stories and Strange Stories.
 He also write stories crime and adventure which appeared in such pulps as Thrilling Adventures, "Complete Stories", Top-Notch, Short Stories, The Skipper, Doc Savage, and "Dime Adventures Magazine".
 He also produced some science fiction, mainly space opera, published in such magazines as Planet Stories.
 He was one of the last surviving pulp-fictioneers to have contributed to the legendary American horror magazine "Weird Tales" during its "glory days" (the 1920s and 1930s).
 His stories have been translated into French, Swedish, Danish and Dutch.
Henry James O'Brien Bedford-Jones (1887–1949) was a Canadian historical, adventure fantasy, science fiction, crime and Western writer who became a naturalized United States citizen in 1908.
 After being encouraged to try writing by his friend, writer William Wallace Cook, Bedford-Jones began writing dime novels and pulp magazine stories.
 Bedford-Jones was an enormously prolific writer; the pulp editor Harold Hersey once recalled meeting Bedford-Jones in Paris, where he was working on two novels simultaneously, each story on its own separate typewriter.
 Bedford-Jones cited Alexandre Dumas as his main influence, and wrote a sequel to Dumas' "The Three Musketeers", "D'Artagnan" (1928).
 He wrote over 100 novels, earning the nickname "King of the Pulps".
 His works appeared in a number of pulp magazines.
 Bedford-Jones' main publisher was "Blue Book" magazine; he also appeared in "Adventure", "All-Story Weekly", "Argosy", "Short Stories", "Top-Notch Magazine", "The Magic Carpet", "Golden Fleece", "Ace-High Magazine", "People's Story Magazine", "Hutchinson's Adventure-Story Magazine", "Detective Fiction Weekly", "Western Story Magazine", and "Weird Tales".
Dime Magazine is an American basketball magazine that began circulation in 2001.
 The magazine publishes six issues a year for its worldwide readership, as well as a handful of editions of "Dime China", a Chinese-language version consisting of regular "Dime" content translated from English and original content from editorial staff in China.
 It makes an appearance as an endorsement in "NBA 2K12", and "NBA 2K13".
 It is owned by Uproxx itself a brand of Woven Digital.
Vanguard was a periodical produced in Vancouver, British Columbia from 1972 to 1989, containing reviews and critical articles on Canadian art and artists.
 The magazine was successor to the "Vancouver Art Gallery Bulletin" which existed between 1933 and 1971.
 It was published monthly by the Vancouver Art Gallery from 1972 to 1984.
 The first issue of "Vanguard" appeared in January 1972.
 In February 1979 it was redesigned as a glossy magazine and its coverage expanded to include national art events.
 The magazine was published by the Vancouver Society for Critical Arts Publications from 1985 to 1989, when it ceased publication.
 Full holdings can be found at the Vancouver Art Gallery library.
The dime novel is a form of late 19th-century and early 20th-century U.S. popular fiction issued in series of inexpensive paperbound editions.
 The term "dime novel" has been used as a catchall term for several different but related forms, referring to dime novels, story papers, five- and ten-cent weeklies, "thick book" reprints, and sometimes early pulp magazines.
 The term was used as a title as late as 1940, in the short-lived pulp magazine "Western Dime Novels".
 Dime novels are the antecedent of today's mass-market paperbacks, comic books, television shows and movies based on dime-novel genres.
 In the modern age, the term "dime novel" has been used to refer to quickly written, lurid potboilers, usually as a pejorative to describe a sensationalized but superficial literary work.
The Little Review Gallery was a small Modern Art gallery associated with the magazine American literary magazine "The Little Review".
 The gallery was owned and operated from 1924 to 1927 by Jane Heap, the acting editor of "The Little Review" at that time.
 The gallery was primarily devoted to Constructivism, Dadaism, and Machine-inspired art.
Pluck and Luck: Complete Stories of Adventure was an American dime novel first published by Frank Tousey and was the longest-running dime novel.
 It numbered 1605 issues from January 12, 1898 to March 5, 1929.
 The 32-page magazine was semi-monthly for the first 22 issues and then weekly.
 Its size was 8 x 11 inches (through No. 1144) and 6 x 9 inches thereafter, and it featured color covers.
 Issues No. 1002-1464 were published by Harry Wolff and the rest by Westbury.
Linda Duvall is a Canadian artist and educator based in Saskatchewan and Toronto.
 Her social art projects, exhibitions and research have taken up questions of conscience, truth, and the nature of interpersonal relationships, particularly as they are enacted through conversation.
 Her art employs photography, video, installation, performance art, and community-based research including Internet-based archiving.
 They often feature invitations for individuals or groups to participate in specific tasks involving conversation or expression.
 Overall Duvall's work investigates speech acts (such as, confessions, gossip and expressions of regret), the nature of truth, the process of grieving, intimacy and vulnerability.
 Her solo exhibitions have been hosted by Art Gallery of Hamilton, Dunlop Art Gallery, Art Gallery of Mississauga, Museo Nacional de Arte Moderno Guatemala City, Custom House Gallery Westport Ireland, Box Hotel Gallery Barcelona and Thunder Bay Art Gallery.
 She has served on a number of boards of artist-run organizations including, Paved Arts, Red Head Gallery, The Photographer's Gallery (now known as PAVED Arts), "BlackFlash" Magazine.
