The World Orthography (WO) was an alphabet and transcription system based on the Africa Alphabet and the International Phonetic Alphabet.
 In Daniel Jones’s 1948 "Difference between Spoken and Written language", an adaptation of WO for English is given with the letters a b c d ð e ə f g h i j k l m n ŋ o p r s ʃ t θ u v w x y z ʒ.
 The capitals of ð, ə, ŋ, ʃ, θ, and ʒ are: Ð (shaped like Ƌ), Ə, the Ŋ (shaped like large ŋ), Ʃ (shaped like sigma Σ), Θ, and straight-bottomed Ʒ (shaped like reversed sigma).
Hershey's Drops are circular-shaped chocolate candies produced by The Hershey Company, launched on December 1, 2010.
 There are two variants available: Hershey's Milk Chocolate Drops and Hershey's Cookies ‘n’ Cream Drops, the former based on the traditional Hershey’s Milk Chocolate bar and the latter based on the popular Cookies ‘n’ Creme-flavoured variant.
 While similarly shaped, Hershey’s Drops lack the hard candy shell found on M&M's and similar candies.
 They originated in the United States and have since become common internationally in countries such as Canada and China.
 In the United States, the candies are available in resealable containers, and in China the candies are available wrapped in plastic packets within cardboard containers sealed with a plastic lid.
Chocolaterie Robert is the first commercial producer of chocolate in Madagascar.
 Bars of chocolate are the company's most widespread product and are sold under the name "Chocolat Robert".
 The company was established in 1940 by the French-Reunionais Robert family in Toamasina and changed hands several times before being sold to a Malagasy business group run by the Ramanandraibe family, among the major Malagasy leaders driving economic development of the island in the post-colonial period.
 From its headquarters and main factory in Antananarivo, the company uses all local cocoa to produce white, milk and dark chocolate bars that are widely sold across Madagascar.
 In addition, at several specialty boutiques in major Malagasy cities, the company sells various chocolate candies and cakes.
 It has recently invested in further improvements to its products in order to compete in the international chocolate market, exporting its products to France and the United Kingdom.
 This effort resulted in prizes across several categories at the 2014 International Chocolate Awards in London.
The Hershey Company, known until April 2005 as the Hershey Foods Corporation and commonly called Hershey's, is an American company and one of the largest chocolate manufacturers in the world.
 Its headquarters are in Hershey, Pennsylvania, which is also home to Hershey's Chocolate World.
 It was founded by Milton S. Hershey in 1894 as the Hershey Chocolate Company, a subsidiary of his Lancaster Caramel Company.
 Hershey's products are sold in over 60 countries worldwide.
 In addition, Hershey is a member of the World Cocoa Foundation.
 It is also associated with the Hersheypark Stadium and the Giant Center.
M-Azing is a candy bar manufactured by Mars, Incorporated.
 M-Azing is a milk chocolate candy bar with M&M's Minis chocolate candies inside.
 It has been available in crunchy and peanut butter flavors, in singles and miniatures varieties.
Hershey Community Center Building is a historic building located at Hershey, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania.
 It was designed by noted architect Paul Philippe Cret (1876-1945), under a general plan by Milton S. Hershey (1857-1945), and built in 1932-1933.
 Plans for a community theater and center were originally drawn-up by C. Emlen Urban in 1915.
 It is a five story building, encompassing 190,699 square feet.
 It is shaped like a distended "E," with an open court in the front center and sun porches on three sides.
 The building is faced in Indiana limestone.
 The building houses a large theater, the Hershey Theatre (51,525 square feet) and small theater (5,535 square feet), along with a variety of recreational facilities including a gymnasium, swimming pool, game rooms, locker rooms, and showers.
 The building also houses a library (6,640 square feet) and dormitories (15,970 square feet).
Changzhou sesame candy is a kind of special traditional cookie which is very popular among people in local places in Changzhou.
 Dating back to Tang dynasty, local people in Changzhou started to produce a kind of candies shaped like a kind of food called deep-fried sesame seed balls.
 That's why they also called the sesame candy as the sesame-seed-ball candy.
 Through a lot of procedure, the sesame candy came up.
 During that time, the emperor did not have a good appetite and did not feel like eating anything.
 But once he ate the sesame candy, he felt like having found what he likes most.
A chocolate sandwich is a sandwich with a chocolate filling.
 Bading Si Jethro are a popular option — some people use cheese graters to make the chocolate sandwiches more convenient.
 Melted chocolate and grated chocolate sandwiches are an alternative.
 Rye bread, butter and chocolate shot or sprinkles (fine small chocolate candies, about 1x5 mm).
NestEgg, is a line of egg-shaped chocolate candies made by Nestlé.
Hershey Kissables were a chocolate candy sold by The Hershey Company from late 2005 to 2009.
 Comparable to M&M's, Hershey Kissables were shaped like miniature Hershey's Kisses and were coated in a thick sugar shell.
