Clarence Fred Gehrke (April 24, 1918 – February 9, 2002) was an American football player and executive.
 He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Cleveland / Los Angeles Rams, San Francisco 49ers and Chicago Cardinals from 1940 through 1950.
 To boost team morale, Gehrke designed and painted the Los Angeles Rams logo in 1948, which was the first painted on the helmets of an NFL team.
 He later served as the general manager of the Denver Broncos from 1977 through 1981.
 He is the great-grandfather of Miami Marlin Christian Yelich
The Los Angeles Rams Cheerleaders are the cheerleading squad for the Los Angeles Rams professional football team.
 They were established in 1974 during the team's original tenure in Los Angeles and were known as the Embraceable Ewes.
 The cheerleading organization became known as the "St. Louis Rams Cheerleaders" when the team moved to St. Louis, Missouri.
 Beginning with the 2016 NFL season, the organization changed their name to the "Los Angeles Rams Cheerleaders" to associate themselves with the recently relocated Los Angeles Rams football team.
The Oakland Raiders relocation to Las Vegas was a successful effort by the owner of the Oakland Raiders (Mark Davis) to relocate the American football club from its current and longtime home of Oakland, California to Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The team is scheduled to begin play as the Las Vegas Raiders for the 2020 National Football League (NFL) season (although a move to Las Vegas could happen as soon as 2019 with Sam Boyd Stadium), playing home games at the Las Vegas Stadium.
 NFL team owners voted 31–1 to approve the move, which was announced at the annual league meetings in Phoenix, Arizona on March 27, 2017.
 The Raiders became the third NFL franchise to relocate in the 2010s, following the Rams' move from St. Louis, Missouri to Los Angeles, California on January 12, 2016, and the Chargers' move from San Diego, California to Los Angeles on January 12, 2017.
 The Raiders' move to Las Vegas comes after years of failed efforts to renovate or replace the Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum, which has been rated by multiple sources as one of the worst stadiums in the NFL.
The professional American football team now known as the Los Angeles Rams was established in Cleveland, and played there from 1936 to 1945.
 This article chronicles the team's history during their time as the Cleveland Rams.
 The Rams competed in the second American Football League (AFL) for the 1936 season and the National Football League (NFL) from 1937–1945, winning the NFL championship in 1945, before moving to Los Angeles in 1946 to become the only NFL champion ever to play the following season in another city.
 The move of the team to Los Angeles helped to jump-start the reintegration of pro football by African-American players and opened up the West Coast to professional sports.
 After being based in Los Angeles for 49 years, the Rams franchise moved again after the 1994 NFL season to St. Louis.
 In 2016, the team moved back to Los Angeles after 21 seasons in St. Louis.
The Los Angeles Chargers are a professional American football team in the National Football League (NFL) based in the Greater Los Angeles Area.
 The club began play in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League (AFL), and spent its first season in Los Angeles before moving to San Diego in 1961.
 They returned to Los Angeles in 2017.
 NFL teams assign each of their players a jersey number ranging from 1 through 99.
 The Chargers no longer issue four retired numbers.
 As of 2010, the team's policy was to have the Chargers Hall of Fame committee evaluate candidates for a player's number to retire after the player has retired from the league after five years.
 The committee consisted of Chargers Executive Vice President A. G. Spanos, Chargers public relations director Bill Johnston, San Diego Hall of Champions founder Bob Breitbard, and the presidents of the San Diego Sports Commission and the Chargers Backers Fan Club.
 There are few recognized guidelines in sports regarding retiring numbers, and the NFL has no specific league policy.
 "You have to have enough numbers for players to wear," said NFL spokesman Greg Aiello.
 The Chargers have rarely retired numbers.
 The "San Diego Union-Tribune" wrote, "The [Chargers] tend to honor their heritage haphazardly."
The Brooklyn Dodgers were an American football team that played in the National Football League from 1930 to 1943, and in 1944 as the Brooklyn Tigers.
 The team played its home games at Ebbets Field of the baseball National League's team, the Brooklyn Dodgers.
 In 1945, because of financial difficulties and the increasing scarcity of major league-level players because of the war-time defense requirements at the height of World War II, the team was merged with the Boston Yanks and were known as the Yanks for that season.
 This old NFL franchise was not related to the earlier (second incarnation) American Football League II with a franchise that played as the Brooklyn Tigers for the first half of the 1936 season before moving to Rochester, New York and playing as the Rochester Tigers.
 Another NFL team that played in the Brooklyn borough was the Brooklyn Lions (which became the Brooklyn Horsemen after merging with a team from an earlier first incarnation AFL of the same name) in 1926.
 Later co-owner and partner Dan Topping (1912–1974), pulled the Tigers team out of the old NFL in 1946 and placed it in the newly established rival professional league – the All-America Football Conference, which shortly lasted until 1949 until several stronger teams from the AAFC merged with and entered a reorganized NFL in 1950.
 It lasted until 1970 with the NFL-AFL (third) merger following the establishment of the first "Super Bowl" inter-league national championship game three years before with the old NFL champions playing the victors of the latest rival fourth incarnation of the American Football League IV, formed in 1960 (now the American Football Conference (AFC).
The Los Angeles Rams, a professional American football team based in Los Angeles, joined the National Football League (NFL) as Cleveland Rams in 1937.
 The Rams began playing in 1936 as a charter member of the second American Football League.
 Although the NFL granted membership to the same owner, the NFL considers it a separate entity.
 In 1946, Rams' owner Dan Reeves, fed up with poor attendance at Cleveland Stadium, moved the Rams to Los Angeles, and the team played there from 1946 to 1979.
 Before his death in 1979, later Rams owner Carroll Rosenbloom planned a move within the Los Angeles metropolitan area to Anaheim, using the venue now known as Angel Stadium, and his widow and successor Georgia Frontiere went through with the move in 1980, with the team still officially representing Los Angeles.
 The Rams moved to St. Louis in 1995 and renamed the team St. Louis Rams.
 In January 2016, the Rams and the NFL announced that the team would return to Los Angeles.
 The team now plays in its original L.A. venue, the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, while awaiting the 2020 opening of its new stadium in suburban Inglewood.
Football (released as NFL Football) is a multiplayer sports video game produced by Mattel and released for its Intellivision video game system in 1979.
 The players each control a football team competing in a standard four-quarter game.
 Like Mattel's other sports video games, "NFL Football" did not use any official National Football League team names or player names, even though Mattel obtained a license from the NFL and used the league's logo in its box art.
The Dallas Texans played in the National Football League (NFL) for one season, 1952, with a record of 1–11.
 The team is considered one of the worst teams in NFL history, both on (lowest franchise winning percentage) and off the field.
 The team was based first in Dallas, then Hershey, Pennsylvania, and Akron, Ohio, during its only season.
 The Texans were the last NFL team to fold.
 Many players on the 1952 roster went to the new Baltimore Colts franchise in 1953.
 The American Football League (AFL) had a 1960 charter member named the Dallas Texans (who later became the Kansas City Chiefs), but the AFL Texans have no relationship with the earlier NFL team.
The Los Angeles Chargers are a professional American football team based in the Greater Los Angeles Area.
 The Chargers compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's American Football Conference (AFC) West division.
 The team was founded on August 14, 1959 and began play on September 10, 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League (AFL), and spent its first season in Los Angeles, before moving to San Diego in 1961 to become the San Diego Chargers.
 The Chargers joined the NFL as result of the AFL–NFL merger in 1970, and played their home games at Qualcomm Stadium.
 The return of the Chargers to Los Angeles was announced for the 2017 season, just one year after the Rams had moved back to the city from St. Louis.
 The Chargers will play their home games at the StubHub Center until the opening in 2020 of the Los Angeles Stadium at Hollywood Park, which they will share with the Rams.
