The Buckner Homestead Historic District, near Stehekin, Washington in Lake Chelan National Recreation Area incorporates a group of structures relating to the theme of early settlement in the Lake Chelan area.
 Representing a time period of over six decades, from 1889 to the 1950s, the district comprises 15 buildings, landscape structures and ruins, and over 50 acre of land planted in orchard and criss-crossed by hand-dug irrigation ditches.
 The oldest building on the farm is a cabin built in 1889.
 The Buckner family bought the farm in 1910 and remained there until 1970, when the property was sold to the National Park Service.
 The Buckner Cabin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The rest of the Buckner farm became a historic district in 1989.
 Today, the National Park Service maintains the Buckner homestead and farm as an interpretive center to give visitors a glimpse at pioneer farm life in the Stehekin Valley.
Ingles Bottom Archeological Sites is a set of archaeological sites, and national historic district located along the New River near Radford, Montgomery County, Virginia.
 The district encompasses a variety of archaeological sites relating to human occupation from 8000 B.C. to the present.
 It includes the site of a log cabin built about 1762, as the home of William and Mary Draper Ingles (1732-1815).
 The property also includes the site of a stable, family cemetery, and Ingles Ferry.
The Arab Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Mount Arab at Piercefield in St. Lawrence County, New York.
 The station includes a 40 ft , steel frame lookout tower erected in 1918, an observers cabin built about 1948, a trace of the foundation of the original cabin, a structure probably used as a root cellar in the 1940s, and the foot trail.
 The tower is a prefabricated structure built by the Aermotor Corporation and provided a front line of defense in preserving the Adirondack Forest Preserve from the hazards of forest fires.
The Simon Sager Cabin is a historic log cabin on the campus of John Brown University in Siloam Springs, Arkansas.
 Built in the 1830s, it is believed to be the very first homestead cabin built in northwestern Arkansas.
 It is a single-story structure fashioned out of hand-hewn logs that have been squared and chamfered, and joined by notches, with the gaps filled by limestone chinking.
 It originally was located downtown near the present-day city park, but was relocated to the John Brown University campus.
Boonecroft is a historic homestead located at Exeter Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
 It includes the remains of the 1720 log cabin built by Quaker settler George Boone, III.
 The remains consists of a chimney and fireplace and commemorated by a stone marker erected in 1925.
 The log cabin burned in 1924.
 The adjacent stone farmhouse was built in 1733, and is a 2 1/2-story Colonial English style structure.
 It is built of fieldstone with sandstone quoins, and has a slate covered gable roof.
 It has a one-story, stone addition.
 Also on the property are the contributing guesthouse / spring house, smokehouse, and barn.
 The property is considered the ancestral home of the Boone Family in America, that includes frontiersman Daniel Boone, grandson of George Boone, III.
 Daniel Boone was born at the nearby Daniel Boone Homestead.
Glacier National Park is a national park located in the U.S. state of Montana, on the Canada–United States border with the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia.
 The park encompasses over 1 million acre and includes parts of two mountain ranges (sub-ranges of the Rocky Mountains), over 130 named lakes, more than 1,000 different species of plants, and hundreds of species of animals.
 This vast pristine ecosystem is the centerpiece of what has been referred to as the "Crown of the Continent Ecosystem", a region of protected land encompassing 16000 mi2 .
 The current Superintendent is Jeff Mow.
Yellow Creek State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on 2981 acre in Brush Valley and Cherryhill Townships, Indiana County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
 The park encompasses parts of Yellow Creek and Little Yellow Creek.
 The old Kittanning Path goes through the parkland.
 The park was established in 1963.
 An additional 159 acre of developed land were purchased in 1982.
 Yellow Creek Lake, a 720 acre man-made lake, was built in 1969 by an earth and rock dam on Yellow Creek.
 Yellow Creek State Park is between the boroughs of Ebensburg and Indiana on U.S. Route 422.
The Blue Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Blue Mountain at Indian Lake in Hamilton County, New York.
 The station includes a 35 ft , steel frame lookout tower erected in 1917, an observer's cabin built in 1975, the remains of three observer's cabins, remains of a radar station built in the 1960s, and remnants of telephone lines along the foot trail.
 There are four contributing resources: the tower, trail, remnants of a 1949 observer's cabin, and 1890s stone benchmark.
 The tower is a prefabricated structure built by the Aermotor Corporation and provided a front line of defense in preserving the Adirondack Forest Preserve from the hazards of forest fires.
The Lincoln Log Cabin State Historic Site is an 86-acre (0.3 km²) history park located eight miles (13 km) south of Charleston, Illinois, U.S., near the town of Lerna.
 Its centerpiece is a replica of the log cabin built and occupied by Thomas Lincoln, father of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln.
 The younger Lincoln never lived here and visited infrequently, but he provided financial help to the household and, after Thomas died in 1851, Abraham owned and maintained the farm for his stepmother, Sarah Bush Lincoln.
 The farmstead is operated by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency.
The Manning Cabin was the first vacation cabin built in what is now Saguaro National Park.
 The log structure was built by Levi H. Manning, Surveyor General of the Arizona Territory and later mayor of Tucson, in 1905.
 From 1922 to 1939 it was used by the U.S. Forest Service to house fire and trail crews, and for the same purpose by the National Park Service from the park's establishment in 1940.
