The M10 tank destroyer was an American tank destroyer of World War II.
 After US entry into World War II and the formation of the Tank Destroyer Force, a suitable vehicle was needed to equip the new battalions.
 By November 1941, the Army requested a vehicle with a gun in a fully rotating turret after other interim models were criticized for being too poorly designed.
 The prototype of the M10 was conceived in early 1942, being delivered in April of that year.
 After appropriate changes to the hull and turret were made, the modified version was selected for production in June 1943 as the 3-inch Gun Motor Carriage M10.
 It mounted a 3-inch (76.2 mm) Gun M7 in a rotating turret on a modified M4A2 Sherman tank chassis.
 An alternate model, the M10A1, which used the chassis of an M4A3 Sherman tank, was also produced.
 Production of the two models ran from September 1942 to December 1943 and October 1942 to November 1943, respectively.
The Panther was a German medium tank deployed during World War II on the Eastern and Western Fronts in Europe from mid-1943 to its end in 1945.
 It had the ordnance inventory designation of Sd.Kfz.
 171.
 Until 27 February 1944, it was designated as the Panzerkampfwagen" V "Panther when Hitler ordered that the Roman numeral "V" be deleted.
 Contemporary English language reports sometimes refer to it as the "Mark V".
The M18 Hellcat (officially designated the 76 mm Gun Motor Carriage M18 or M18 GMC) was an American tank destroyer of World War II, used in the Italian, European, and Pacific theatres, and in the Korean War.
 It was the fastest American tracked armored vehicle until the turboshaft-powered M1 Abrams main battle tank appeared decades later.
 Even then, most sources list the M1 Abrams with a top speed of only 45 (governed speed) mph, leaving the Hellcat with a superior paved-road top operating speed.
 The speed was attained by keeping armor to a minimum, no more than one inch thick and roofless, and by powering the relatively small vehicle with a radial engine originally designed for aircraft usage.
 The Hellcat, along with the M4 Sherman-based M10 tank destroyer and the highly effective, 90mm gun-armed M36 tank destroyer, provided American and Allied forces with a mobile anti-tank capability against the newer German armored types.
The Jagdpanther (German: "hunting panther"), SdKfz 173, was a tank destroyer built by Nazi Germany during World War II based on the chassis of the Panther tank.
 It entered service in 1944 during the later stages of the war on the Eastern and Western Fronts.
 The "Jagdpanther" combined the 8.8 cm KwK 43 cannon of the Tiger II and the armor and suspension of the Panther chassis, although it suffered from the general poor state of German ordnance production, maintenance and training in the later part of the war, which resulted in small production numbers, shortage of spare parts and poor crew readiness.
The 7.5 cm KwK 42 L/70 (from "7.5 cm Kampfwagenkanone 42 L/70") was a 7.5 cm calibre German tank gun developed and built by Rheinmetall-Borsig AG in Unterlüß during the Second World War.
 The gun was used to equip the SdKfz.171 Panzerkampfwagen V Panther medium tank and the SdKfz.162/1 Jagdpanzer IV/70(A)/(V) tank destroyer.
 When mounted on a tank destroyer it was designated as the 7.5 cm Pak 42 ("7.5 cm Panzerabwehrkanone 42") anti-tank gun.
The M36 tank destroyer, formally 90 mm Gun Motor Carriage, M36, was an American tank destroyer used during World War II.
 The M36 combined the hull of the M10 tank destroyer, which used the M4 Sherman's reliable hull and drivetrain combined with sloped armor, and a massive new turret mounting the 90 mm gun M3.
 Conceived in 1943, the M36 first served in combat in Europe in October 1944, where it partially replaced the M10 tank destroyer.
 It also saw use in the Korean War, able to defeat any of the Soviet tanks used in that conflict.
 Some were supplied to South Korea as part of the Military Assistance Program and served for years, as did re-engined examples found in Yugoslavia, which operated into the 1990s.
 Two remained in service with the Republic of China Army at least until 2001.
The Sturmgeschütz IV (StuG IV) (Sd.Kfz.
 167), was a German assault gun variant of the Panzer IV used in the latter part of the Second World War.
 Identical in role and concept to the highly successful StuG III assault gun variant of the Panzer III, both StuG models were given an exclusively tank destroyer role in German formations and tactical planning in the last two years of the war, greatly augmenting the capability of the dwindling tank force available to the German army on the Eastern and Western fronts.
The Type 5 medium tank Chi-Ri (五式中戦車 チリ , Go-shiki chusensha Chi-ri ) ("Imperial Year 2605 Medium Tank Model 9") was the ultimate medium tank developed by the Imperial Japanese Army in World War II.
 Intended to be a heavier, more powerful version of Japan's sophisticated Type 4 Chi-To medium tank, in performance it was designed to surpass the US M4 Sherman medium tanks being fielded by the Allied forces.
 A single prototype was incomplete when the war ended.
The Type 89 medium tank I-Go (八九式中戦車　イ号 , Hachikyū-shiki chū-sensha I-gō ) was a medium tank used by the Imperial Japanese Army from 1932 to 1942 in combat operations of the Second Sino-Japanese War, at Khalkhin Gol against the Soviet Union, and in the Second World War.
 The Type 89B model was the world's first mass-produced diesel engine tank.
 The tank was armed with a short-barrel 57 mm cannon for knocking out pillboxes and masonry fortifications, and proved effective in campaigns in Manchuria and China, as the Chinese National Revolutionary Army had only three tank battalions to oppose them, which consisted primarily of Vickers export models, German Panzer Is, and Italian CV33 tankettes.
 The Type 89 was a 1920s design medium tank, built to support the infantry, and thus lacked the armor or armament of 1940s generation Allied armor; and was regarded as obsolete by the time of the 1939 battles of Khalkhin Gol, against the Soviet Union.
 The code designation "I-Go" comes from the "katakana" letter [イ] for “first” and the "kanji" [号] for "number".
 The designation is also transliterated Chi-Ro and sometimes "Yi-Go".
The 601st Tank Destroyer Battalion was a battalion of the United States Army active during World War II.
 It was the first of the newly formed tank destroyer battalions to see combat, and the only one to fight as a "pure" tank destroyer force.
 It also has the unusual distinction of being one of the few American units to fight in all three major campaigns against Nazi Germany (North Africa, Italy and Northern Europe) and to have participated in four assault landings (Torch, Avalanche, Shingle and Dragoon).
