The Blackpool Gazette is an English evening newspaper based in Blackpool, Lancashire.
 Published every day except Sunday, it covers the towns and communities of the Fylde coast.
 It was founded as "The West Lancashire Evening Gazette" in 1929 before being renamed the "Evening Gazette", and then "Blackpool Gazette".
 The paper's history dates back to a weekly publication founded in 1873.
The Evening News, earlier styled as The Evening News, was an evening newspaper published in London from 1881 to 1980, reappearing briefly in 1987.
 It became highly popular under the control of the Harmsworth brothers.
 For a long time it maintained the largest daily sale of any evening newspaper in London.
 After financial struggles and falling sales it was eventually merged with its long-time rival the "Evening Standard" in 1980.
 The newspaper was revived for an eight-month period in 1987.
Le Soir d'Algérie (meaning "Algerian Evening" in English; ISSN 1111-0074  ) is a French-language evening newspaper based in Algiers, Algeria.
The Lincoln Journal Star is a daily newspaper that serves Lincoln, Nebraska, United States.
 Owned by Lee Enterprises, the "Journal Star" was created by the 1995 merger of Lincoln's morning newspaper (the Lincoln Star, established in 1905) and its evening newspaper, the Lincoln Journal.
 "The Lincoln Journal" was established by Charles H. Gere in 1867 as the Nebraska Commonwealth.
 The newspaper was later renamed the Nebraska State Journal, (under which it won the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service).
 It was later merged with the Lincoln Evening Journal to create the Lincoln Evening Journal & Nebraska State Journal.
 Lee Enterprises, which had owned the "Star" since 1930, bought the "Journal" from its local owners, the Seacrest family, and merged it with the "Star".
 The "Journal" and "Star" had already merged some of their operations under a joint operating agreement formed in 1950, sharing offices and production facilities while maintaining separate newsrooms.
The Philadelphia Bulletin was a daily evening newspaper published from 1847 to 1982 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 It was the largest circulation newspaper in Philadelphia for 76 years and was once the largest evening newspaper in the United States.
 Its widely known slogan was: "In Philadelphia, nearly everybody reads "The Bulletin"."
The Welch News is a tri-weekly evening newspaper based in Welch, West Virginia, with circulation in all communities in McDowell County and limited circulation in Wyoming County.
The Evening Echo is an Irish evening newspaper based in Cork.
 It is distributed throughout the province of Munster, although it is primarily read in its base city of Cork.
 The newspaper was founded as a broadsheet in 1892, and has been published in tabloid format since 1991.
The Mail, known as The Madras Mail till 1928, was an English-language daily evening newspaper published in the Madras Presidency (later Madras State, and then, Tamil Nadu) from 1868 to 1981.
It is the first evening newspaper in India.
The Shields Gazette, established in 1849, is a daily evening newspaper.
 It is the oldest provincial evening newspaper in the United Kingdom.
Rudý večerník ('Red Evening Newspaper') was a communist evening newspaper published from Prague, interbellum Czechoslovakia.
 As of 1938 the paper was estimated to have a circulation of 100,000.
 It was the evening edition of the central party organ "Rudé právo".
 The newspaper was initially known as Rudé právo Večerník ('Red Justice - Evening'), the name "Rudý večerník" was adopted on April 1, 1928.
 Ivan Olbracht served as editor-in-chief of "Rudý večerník".
