?
 and the Mysterians (also rendered Question Mark and the Mysterians) are an American garage rock band from Bay City and Saginaw in Michigan, who were initially active between 1962 and 1969.
 Much of the band's music consisted of electric organ-driven instrumentals and an enigmatic image inspired by the science fiction film "The Mysterians".
 In addition, the band's sound was also marked by raw-resonating lead vocals of "?"
 (Question Mark, the stage name of Rudy Martinez), making Question Mark and the Mysterians one of the earliest groups whose musical style is described as punk rock.
 Through their music, the group was recognized as a template for similar musical acts to follow.
Slippery When Ill is the second album by the Huntington Beach punk rock band The Vandals, released jointly in 1989 by Restless Records and Sticky Fingers Records.
 It was their first album to include Dave Quackenbush on vocals, who would remain the band's singer for the rest of their career.
 The album was something of a departure from the punk rock formula of their previous releases, fusing a country and western style with their humorous brand of punk.
 The result was a sound the band called "cow punk" which somewhat mocked the resurgence in popularity of country music in their native Huntington Beach.
 Two exceptions were the songs "Shi'ite Punk" and "(Illa Zilla) Lady Killa," which relied heavily on scratch boxes.
 The latter song was a re-recording of the song "Ladykiller" from the band's previous album "When in Rome Do as the Vandals" with slightly altered lyrics.
Area 12 is a melodic punk rock band from Bogotá, Colombia.
 The band was founded in 1998 as a school project.
 They started out playing in small bars and venues in Bogotá.
 It was not an easy start, full of adversity.
 They contributed meaningfully to the creation of a Punk Rock scene in the city.
 They are considered to be one of the pioneer bands of Colombian punk rock.
 Their influences include punk rock, melodic punk, Latin punk and hard core punk.
 They have been strongly influenced by bands such as NOFX and Bad Religion.
 They have reached a mature and diverse sound over the years, creating their own lyric and musical style.
 They have performed with bands such as Ska-p, Die toten hosen, MxPx, Voodoo Glow Skulls and Joey Cape from Lagwagon.
Riot Squad were a second-wave punk rock band from Mansfield, England, initially active between 1981 and 1984.
Turbonegro (Turboneger in Norway) is a Norwegian punk rock band, initially active from 1989 to 1998, then reformed in 2002.
 Their style combines glam rock, punk rock and hard rock into a style the band describes as "deathpunk".
The Suicide Machines are an American punk rock band formed in March 1991 in Detroit, Michigan and disbanded in May 2006.
 Since 2009, the band has occasionally played reunion shows.
 During the course of their career the band released six full-length albums on the labels Hollywood Records and Side One Dummy Records.
 Though they experienced several lineup changes over the years, founding members Jason Navarro and Dan Lukacinsky remained regular fixtures.
 The band's musical style initially blended elements of punk rock, ska, and hardcore into a genre popularly known as ska punk or "ska-core," which characterized their first two albums.
 During the middle of their career they shifted gears, moving away from this sound and producing two albums with a heavy pop rock influence.
 Their final two albums moved back towards their mid-1990s style, bringing back heavy ska punk and hardcore elements.
Ass Cobra is the Norwegian punk rock band Turbonegro's 1996 studio album, their third full-length.
 It was first released on Amphetamine Reptile Records in Europe in early May, then on Boomba Records in Germany and in 1997 on Sympathy for the Record Industry in the United States.
 It was re-released in 1998 on Bitzcore Records (Germany) and on Get Hip Records (USA) and in 2003 on Epitaph Records (USA) and Burning Heart Records (Sweden).
 The album title is a reference to the AC Cobra sports car and the album cover to Pet Sounds by The Beach Boys.
Wannskrækk is a Norwegian punk rock band, from Trondheim which gained a cult following.
 They recorded one album, one compilation and two singles.
 Their only album was a split with fellow punk band Liliedugg and was named "Wannskrækk/Liliedugg - Last Opera/Live Ritz Trondheim 12.
 juni 84 " which was recorded in 1984.
 Their early material was sung in a heavy Trondheimer dialect.
 The compilation was "Wannskrækk - Riff (1980-1985)" that was released in 1992.
 Their singles were "Faen Kuler Treffer Aldri Riktig" (1981) and " ...12"... " (1982).
 Wanskrækk performed a concert at Øyafestivalen 2011.
Rabid are a punk rock band from Leicester, England, initially active between 1979 and 1986.
 A new lineup of the band was reformed in 2013.
The Dead Boys are an American punk rock band from Cleveland, Ohio.
 The band was among the first wave of early punk bands, and was known as one of the rowdiest and most violent punk groups of the era.
 The Dead Boys were initially active from 1976 to 1979, briefly reuniting in 1986, and then later again in 2004 and 2005 for the first time without their frontman Stiv Bators, who had died in 1990.
 In September 2017, founding members Cheetah Chrome and Johnny Blitz reunited the band with a new lineup for a 40th anniversary tour along with a new album, "", a re-recording of their debut album.
