High Street is the main street running through the City of Fremantle, Western Australia.
 The street passes by historic landmarks, including the Round House, the Fremantle Town Hall, and the Fremantle War Memorial, through the Fremantle West End Heritage area and through two town squares. Trams operated along High Street for 47 years, between 1905 and 1952.
 Running east–west, High Street continues as Leach Highway, a major arterial road, at Carrington Street, linking Fremantle with Perth Airport.
The High Street of Lincoln, England, (road number B1262) is a long shopping high street.
 The street runs from the south at the St Catherines area roundabout and ends approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) north at The Strait (in effect a continuation of the High Street).
The River Farset ("An Fhearsaid" or "Abhainn na Feirste" in Irish) is a river in Belfast, Northern Ireland, a tributary of the River Lagan.
 It is on the County Antrim side of the Lagan and joins the Lagan close to its outflow into Belfast Lough.
 The River Farset is now contained within a tunnel under Belfast's High Street; a tunnel supposedly big enough to take a bus.
 The Farset rises above Legoniel, flowed past the medieval parish church at Shankill, through Millfield and under High Street, giving that street a curving appearance, entering the Lagan to the east of the Albert Clock and High Street.
Friars Walk is a partially under-cover shopping centre and leisure complex in Newport city centre, South Wales.
 It has several levels and includes a range of high street shops, eateries, a cinema, a bowling alley and a soft play area.
 The complex is linked by the redeveloped John Frost Square to the Kingsway Shopping Centre, Newport Museum, Art Gallery and Central Library and Newport bus station.
 The complex is a short walk from the high street shops of Commercial Street and High Street.
 Newport railway station is also a short walk away.
The Edward Augustus Russell House is a Greek Revival house on the Wesleyan University campus.
 The house, at 318 High Street, faces west from the east side of High Street north of the corner at High and Court Streets.
 A large wooded lawn extends to the Honors College (Russell House 1828) property to the north.
 High Street between Church and Washington Streets was the most prestigious residential area in Middletown during the 19th century.
 It was later home to the KNK Fraternity of Wesleyan University.
 The structural system consists of load-bearing masonry with a flat roof, and materials include brick and flushboarding walls and a brownstone foundation.
Marshall & Snelgrove was a department store on the north side of Oxford Street, London, on the corner with Vere Street founded by James Marshall (b.?
 Yorkshire – d.22 November 1893).
 The company is now part of Debenhams.
Fisher School–High Street Historic District is a historic district at 748-850; 751-823 High Street in Westwood, Massachusetts.
 It includes a relatively short stretch of High Street (Massachusetts Route 109) south of Westwood's commercial heart, extending from just south of its junction with Hartford Street to the cemetery at High and Nahatan Streets.
 It is distinguished by its concentration of Federal and Greek Revival houses from the early 19th century.
 Prominent in the district is the First Baptist Church, which was built near its present location in 1809 using timbers from an earlier 1731 meeting house, and the 1845 Greek Revival District #9 School, also known as the Fisher School, which has been restored by the Westwood Historical Society.
High Street, also labeled as High Street–Brooklyn Bridge, and also referred to as "Brooklyn Bridge Plaza" and "Cranberry Street", is a station on the IND Eighth Avenue Line of the New York City Subway.
 It is located at Cadman Plaza East near Red Cross Place and the Brooklyn Bridge approach in Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn.
 Its name comes from older street names; its original location was at the intersection of High Street and Washington Street.
 It is served by the A train at all times and the C train at all times except late nights.
High Street is one of the main thoroughfares and shopping areas in the city centre of Sheffield in South Yorkshire, England, located at the approximate grid reference of [ SK356874] .
 High Street starts at the Commercial Street, Fitzalan Square and Haymarket junction and runs for approximately 400 metres west to conclude near the Sheffield Cathedral where it forms a Y-junction with Fargate and Church Street.
 High Street has the traditional wide variety of shops, financial institutions and eating places which are associated with any British town centre.
Bonifacio High Street is a mixed-use development in Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Metro Manila, Philippines located just near Serendra, Market!
 Market!
 and SM Aura Premier.
 It is owned by Ayala Malls, a real-estate subsidiary of Ayala Land, which is an affiliate of Ayala Corporation.
 It opened in the 2007 and it is one of Ayala Corporation's flagship projects.
 The mall offers a mix of high-end retail shops, restaurants, amenities, leisure and entertainment in the Philippines.
 Currently, the mall has four sections, the first and second blocks are an open-air shopping, while the third block is a mixture of open-air and indoor commercial buildings dubbed as the Bonifacio High Street Central and the fourth block which was named Bonifacio High Street South or simply High Street South in which is a mixture of open-air and indoor commercial-residential buildings.
