Skittles is a brand of fruit-flavoured sweets, currently produced and marketed by the Wrigley Company, a division of Mars, Inc..
Morattab is an SUV manufacturer based in Tehran, Iran.
 Since 1962, the company has produced versions of the Series Land Rover under license in Iran.
 The currently produced models are versions of the "Series IV" made by Santana Motor of Spain until the early 1990s, when the production tooling and design were sold to Morattab and shipped to Iran.
Skittles candy products, produced by the Wm. Wrigley Jr.
 Company, come in a wide variety.
 Most of the varieties are available only in particular regions of the world.
 The oldest Skittles product is Original Fruit Skittles, which was originally released in Europe in 1974, and was launched in the United States in 1979.
 The most recent flavor, Trick Plays, was released in August 2017.
 Earlier Skittles products tended to focus on fruit flavors, more recent products have branched out to include flavors such as chocolate, bubble gum, popcorn, mint, and sours.
 Skittles products also come in a wide variety of colors, although different Skittles products often use the same colors for sweets with different flavors.
 For example, the color yellow is associated with lemon flavor in Original Fruit Skittles and as banana berry in Tropical Skittles.
NOS Energy Drink is an energy drink sold in 16 and 24oz cans.
 The drink was also once distributed in a bottle designed to look like a NOS (Nitrous Oxide Systems) cartridge.
 This was discontinued in 2015.
 Formerly a property of The Coca-Cola Company, it is currently produced by Monster Beverage and licensed by Holley Performance, which owns the trademark.
 NOS contains high levels of taurine and caffeine, and it also contains guarana.
 L-Theanine was removed as a "CMPLX6" ingredient in 2016, with inositol becoming listed as one of the six featured ingredients on the can.
 NOS Energy is currently available in Original, Sugar Free, Charged Citrus, Cherried Out, GT Grape, and Rowdy.
Greater Boston is the metropolitan region of New England encompassing the municipality of Boston, the capital of the US state of Massachusetts, and the most populous city in New England, as well as its surrounding areas.
 The region forms the northern arc of the US northeast megalopolis and as such, Greater Boston can be described as either a metropolitan statistical area (MSA), or as a broader combined statistical area (CSA).
 The MSA consists of most of the eastern third of Massachusetts, excluding the South Coast region and Cape Cod; while the CSA additionally includes the municipalities of Manchester (the largest city in the US state of New Hampshire), Providence (the capital and largest city of the US state of Rhode Island), Worcester, Massachusetts (the second largest city in New England), as well as the South Coast region and Cape Cod in Massachusetts.
Larson Electronics is an American electronic component provider and industrial lighting manufacturer.
 It was founded in 1973 by Earnie Larson and is currently headquartered in Kemp, Texas, United States.
 The company manufactures and supplies high power magnetic mount and permanent mount spotlights and floodlights to the military, utilities, telephone and electrical power industries including US Secret Service, US State Department, and the Department of Homeland Security.
Tareyton is a brand of cigarettes originally manufactured by the American Tobacco Company.
 It began as a variation of Herbert Tareyton cork-tipped non-filter cigarettes (whose famous slogan was, "There's "something" about them you'll like").
 As filters gained in popularity in the late 1950s, Tareyton was created in 1954 as the filtered version of Herbert Tareyton, minus the cork tip.
 Tareyton is currently produced by R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, and can be found on the internet and specialty tobacco stores, but is no longer sufficiently popular to be stocked in many stores or receive marketing and advertising from the manufacturer.
Production of antibiotics is a naturally occurring event, that thanks to advances in science can now be replicated and improved upon in laboratory settings.
 Due to the discovery of penicillin by Alexander Fleming, and the efforts of Florey and Chain in 1938, large-scale, pharmaceutical production of antibiotics has been made possible.
 As with the initial discovery of penicillin, most antibiotics have been discovered as a result of happenstance.
 Antibiotic production can be grouped into three methods: natural fermentation, semi-synthetic, and synthetic.
 As more and more bacteria continue to develop resistance to currently produced antibiotics, research and development of new antibiotics continues to be important.
 In addition to research and development into the production of new antibiotics, repackaging delivery systems is important to improving efficacy of the antibiotics that are currently produced.
 Improvements to this field have seen the ability to add antibiotics directly into implanted devices, aerosolization of antibiotics for direct delivery, and combination of antibiotics with non antibiotics to improve outcomes.
 The increase of antibiotic resistant strains of pathogenic bacteria has led to an increased urgency for the funding of research and development of antibiotics and a desire for production of new and better acting antibiotics.
The de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter, currently marketed as the Viking Air DHC-6 Twin Otter, is a Canadian 19-passenger STOL (Short Takeoff and Landing) utility aircraft developed by de Havilland Canada and currently produced by Viking Air.
 The aircraft's fixed tricycle undercarriage, STOL capabilities, twin turboprop engines and high rate of climb have made it a successful commuter passenger airliner as well as a cargo and Medevac aircraft.
 In addition, the Twin Otter has been popular with commercial skydiving operations, and is used by the United States Army Parachute Team and the United States Air Force's 98th Flying Training Squadron.
Kismet is the trademarked name of a commercial dice game introduced in 1964.
 The game's name is the Turkish word for "fate".
 E.William DeLaittre holds the trademark on the game, originally published by Lakeside Games, and currently produced by Endless Games.
 Marketed as "The Modern Game of Yacht", the game play is similar to Yacht and Yahtzee, with a few variations.
 A primary distinction is that in Kismet, the sides of the dice have different colored pips.
