A nuchal-type fibroma is a rare benign proliferation involving the dermis and subcutaneous tissues, that is a collection of dense, hypocellular bundles of collagen with entrapped adipocytes and increased numbers of small nerves.
 It is no longer called a nuchal fibroma, but instead a "nuchal-type fibroma" since it develops in other anatomic sites.
 There is no known etiology.
Indian Creek is a partly natural and partly man-made waterway in the city of Miami Beach, Florida, United States.
 It starts as a man-made canal where Biscayne Bay meets Lincoln Road, and runs along Dade Boulevard, forming the boundary between South Beach and the rest of the city.
 At 24th street the canal opens into the natural waterway and continues north through the city past Allison Island where it opens into Biscayne Bay, till 71st Street where it merges with Normandy and Tatum Waterways and is no longer called Indian Creek.
The Players Tour Championship 2011/2012 was a series of snooker tournaments which started on 18 June 2011 and ended on 18 March 2012 with events held in England and Europe.
 European events were no longer called Euro Players Tour Championship (EPTC) and were included alongside other PTC events.
 The twelve regular events were minor-ranking events, which were concluded with the Finals.
Barwick-in-Elmet is a village in West Yorkshire, 7 mi east of Leeds city centre.
 It is one of only three places in the area to be explicitly associated with the ancient Romano-British kingdom of Elmet, the others being Scholes-in-Elmet and Sherburn-in-Elmet.
 It is part of the civil parish of Barwick in Elmet and Scholes.
 The name Barwick comes form the Old English for "barley wick", and was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as "Bereuuith".
The Kumo Xi (: "Kùmò Xī" ; called the Xi since the Sui dynasty (581-618 AD)), also Tatabi, were a Mongolic steppe people located in current northeast China from 207 AD to 907 AD.
 After the death of their ancestor Tadun in 207 they were no longer called Wuhuan but joined the Khitan Xianbei in submitting to the Yuwen Xianbei.
 Their history is widely linked to the more famous Khitan.
 During their history the Kumo Xi engaged in conflict with numerous Chinese dynasties and with the Khitans, eventually suffering a series of disastrous defeats to Chinese armies and coming under the domination of the Khitans.
 In 1007, the Kumo Xi were completely assimilated into the Khitan Liao Dynasty.
The 1999 IAAF World Race Walking Cup was held on 1 and 2 May 1999 in the streets of Mézidon-Canon, France.
 From this year on, there was no combined men's team trophy (Lugano Trophy), just the separate standings for the two races, and the women's team trophy was no longer called "Eschborn Cup" as before with their distance being increased from 10 km to 20 km.
Henley Hearing was founded in 2008 by Leon Cox however, it is no longer called Henley Hearing Centre and has changed its name to the HEARING CLINIC HENLEY.
 as the UK's first hearing aid company to specialise in designer digital hearing aids.
 It was founded amid reports from the hearing charity RNID that some people delayed treatment of their hearing loss on aesthetic grounds.
 The company operates in Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire and Berkshire.
 To ensure vulnerable patients did not get confused [Not to be confused with Henley Hearing Care].
 The company traded from the Henley Chiropractic Clinic, 1 West Lane, Henley-on-thames since 2014.
 and moved to 25 hart street, Henley in 2015.
The Long Lane is the medieval and modern name of the Roman road that ran almost due westwards from Derventio, the Roman fort and "vicus" in the suburbs of modern Derby, through Derbyshire to Rocester (where there was a Roman settlement) and Draycott in the Moors.
 From that point onwards the same road -- no longer called "The Long Lane" -- continued through Staffordshire to Chesterton near Newcastle-under-Lyme.
 Its destination was Middlewich (Latin "Salinae"), from which the important city of Chester (Latin "Deva") was in easy reach.
John Wilkinson Birch was born 1878 in Garforth, Leeds to George Birch of Parlington and Alice Ellen Smith of Garforth he married Annie Simpson of Kippax in 1898.
 He died on the 10 October 1953 (aged 75) in Barwick in Elmet, Leeds while living on Chapel Lane.
 He was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and England, and at club level for Leeds Parish Church, and Leeds (Heritage № 130), as a prop , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Leeds is a city in West Yorkshire, England.
 Historically in Yorkshire's West Riding, the history of Leeds can be traced to the 5th century, when the name referred to a wooded area of the Kingdom of Elmet.
 The name has been applied to many administrative entities over the centuries.
 It changed from being the name of a small manorial borough in the 13th century, through several incarnations, to being the name attached to the present metropolitan borough.
 In the 17th and 18th centuries Leeds became a major centre for the production and trading of wool.
