Little Sister was an American all-female vocal harmony group, which served primarily as the background vocalists for the influential rock/funk band Sly and the Family Stone in concert and on record.
 Originally a gospel music group called The Heavenly Tones, Little Sister was composed of Vet Stewart (Family Stone frontman Sly Stone's little sister), Mary McCreary, and Elva Mouton, and became a recording act of its own for a brief period in 1970–1971.
Mary Ramsey Wood aka Mary Ramsey Lemons Wood (May 20, 1787/circa 1810 (disputed) – January 1, 1908) was an American pioneer known as the "Mother Queen of Oregon".
 She was reported to be the oldest living person in the United States when she died, supposedly at the age of 120.
 It is said she traveled to the Oregon Territory across the Oregon Trail at the age of 66.
 There is evidence this age claim was inaccurate or exaggerated, however, and she may have been between 96 and 98 when she died.
High on You is the first solo album by singer/songwriter/multi-instrumentalist Sly Stone, released by Epic/CBS Records in 1975.
 It reflects the beginnings of change in the concept of "Sly and the Family Stone".
 Formerly a tangible self-contained band, the Family Stone broke up in January 1975 after a disastrous booking at the Radio City Music Hall.
 At this point, most of the band members parted company with Stone, except for trumpeter Cynthia Robinson, his brother guitarist Freddie Stone, and backup singers Little Sister.
 With subsequent recordings, Stone returned to using the name of his former band, although they were largely solo recordings.
Heard Ya Missed Me, Well I'm Back is the eighth album by American funk/soul/rock band Sly and the Family Stone, released by Epic/CBS Records in 1976.
 This album is an effort to return the idea of the "Family Stone" band to singer/songwriter/multi-instrumentalist Sly Stone's work, after his previous album, "High on You", was released without the Family Stone name.
 However, the original Family Stone had broken up in 1975, and a new Family Stone was assembled for this album: the only holdover is stalwart Family Stone trumpetist Cynthia Robinson.
 Vet Stone and Elva Mouton, both formerly members of Family Stone backing band Little Sister, are credited as providing "additional background vocals".
"Stand!"
 is a 1969 song by the soul/rock/funk band Sly and the Family Stone.
 The song's title and lyrics are a call for its listeners to "stand" up for themselves, their communities, and what they believe in.
 Like nearly all of Sly & the Family Stone's songs, Sylvester "Sly Stone" Stewart was credited as the sole songwriter.
Sly and the Family Stone was an American band from San Francisco.
 Active from 1966 to 1983, the band was pivotal in the development of funk, soul, rock, and psychedelic music.
 The group's core line-up was led by singer-songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentalist Sly Stone, and included Stone's brother and singer/guitarist Freddie Stone, sister and singer/keyboardist Rose Stone, trumpeter Cynthia Robinson, drummer Gregg Errico, saxophonist Jerry Martini, and bassist Larry Graham.
 The band was the first major American rock group to have a racially-integrated, male and female lineup.
"I Want to Take You Higher" is a song by the soul/rock/funk band Sly and the Family Stone, the B-side to their Top 30 hit "Stand!
".
 Unlike most of the other tracks on the "Stand!
" album, "I Want to Take You Higher" is not a message song; instead, it is simply dedicated to music and the feeling one gets from music.
 Like nearly all of Sly & the Family Stone's songs, Sylvester "Sly Stone" Stewart was credited as the sole songwriter.
Ain't But the One Way is the tenth and final album by Sly and the Family Stone, released by Warner Bros.
 Records in 1982.
 The album began its existence as a collaborative project between Sly Stone and George Clinton, a sequel to Stone's appearance on the 1981 Funkadelic album "The Electric Spanking of War Babies".
 While working on "Ain't But the One Way", Clinton and Funkadelic quarreled with and eventually left Warner Bros.
 Records, and Sly Stone went into self-seclusion and could not be found.
 Producer Stewart Levine was assigned to take control of the project, and do what he could to complete an album.
 Upon its 1982 release, "Ain't But The One Way" underperformed and marked the end of Sly Stone's career with Warner Bros.
 Records.
"Sing a Simple Song" is a 1968 song by the soul/rock/funk band Sly and the Family Stone, the b-side to their #1 hit "Everyday People".
 The song's lyrics, sung in turn by Sly Stone, Freddie Stone, Rose Stone, and Larry Graham, with spoken word (or, rather, shouted word) sections by Cynthia Robinson, offer a simple solution for dealing with the problems and paradoxes of existence : "Sing a simple song!"
 As with nearly all of Sly and the Family Stone's songs, Sylvester "Sly Stone" Stewart was credited as the sole songwriter.
"Everyday People" is a 1968 song by Sly and the Family Stone.
 It was the first single by the band to go to number one on the Soul singles chart and the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 It held that position, on the Hot 100, for four weeks from February 15 to March 14, 1969, and is remembered as a popular song of the 1960s.
 "Billboard" ranked it as the No. 5 song of 1969.
 As with most of Sly & the Family Stone's songs, Sly Stone was credited as the sole songwriter.
