Cartoon Network, commonly abbreviated as CN, is a Portuguese digital cable and satellite television channel launched on December 3, 2013 and owned by Turner Broadcasting System Europe (a semi-autonomous unit of Time Warner).
 Currently, Cartoon Network is the second most-watched kids and teens' channel in Portugal, recently surpassing Canal Panda and is now only behind Disney Channel.
Nick Jr.
 Too (formerly Nick Jr. 2) is the British second channel of Nick Jr. available in the United Kingdom and in the Republic of Ireland, generally presenting popular Nick Jr. programming at other times of the day.
 It launched 24 April 2006, the same day as rival channel Cartoon Network Too.
 Nick Jr.
 Too carries a schedule separate from the main Nick Jr. channel.
 The channel was renamed to Nick Jr.
 Too in November 2014.
Cartoon Network Arabic (Arabic: كرتون نتورك بالعربية‎ ‎ ) is a free-to-air satellite children's channel that is broadcast for a pan-Arab audience in the Middle East and North Africa region (excluding Israel, Iran, Turkey and Cyprus), and it is one of two Arabic-language versions of Cartoon Network, the other being an HD pay TV channel on beIN and additional providers called Cartoon Network MENA which is available in both English and Arabic.
 The channel was launched on October 10, 2010 at 10:10 AM GST, with the channel's launch coinciding with the opening of Turner Broadcasting System Europe's offices in Dubai Media City.
Boomerang is a cable and satellite television channel owned by Turner Broadcasting System, a unit of Time Warner and its main flagship channel of Cartoon Network.
 The Australian version of Boomerang was launched on 14 March 2004 as part of the Foxtel Digital launch, with a line-up very similar to that of the US and UK version.
 Originally devoted to classic animation from studios such as Hanna-Barbera, the channel has since expanded to include more contemporary programming.
 This channel is available as a free trial in a subscription entertainment package on Fetch TV by some ISPs and was added 26 January 2017.
 The free trial for Boomerang and Cartoon Network ended 27 February 2017.
 After the free trial ended, Boomerang relaunched on Fetch TV, removing the free trial status.
Cartoon Network Poland is a Polish language cartoon channel broadcasting to people in Poland.
 The channel launched on 1 September 1998 on 12:00 am local time.
 Since 1 March 2007, it's been broadcast 24 hours a day.
 On 30 September 2002 the channel began to air in Hungary and Romania.
 On 1 October 2008 a separate channel was created for Hungary & Romania.
 Both are transmitted from Warsaw.
 There was previously a Polish, Romanian, Hungarian and English audio track available.
 Currently there's only a Polish and English audio track.
 The channel is owned by Turner Broadcasting System Europe.
 The channel also carried a Toonami programming block.The channel works with some Polish dubbing studios: Studio Sonica, Start International Polska, SDI Media Polska, Master Film and Studio Genetix Film Factory.
 On 1 September 2016, Cartoon Network Poland re-branded using graphics from the Check It 4.0 branding package.
Cartoon Network refers to two digital children's TV channels broadcasting animated programs: Cartoon Network MENA, which serves the Middle East and North Africa region (excluding Israel, Iran and Turkey) along with Cyprus; and Cartoon Network Africa (formerly known as Cartoon Network HQ), which serves Sub-Saharan Africa.
 Cartoon Network was created by Turner Broadcasting System, a unit of Time Warner.
 Cartoon Network UK/Europe (the direct precursor to Cartoon Network feeds in the EMEA region, including Cartoon Network HQ) was launched on September 17, 1993.
 In October 1999, Cartoon Network UK became a separate feed from Cartoon Network HQ, but initially had a nearly identical schedule to Cartoon Network HQ until the latter became completely independent from the UK feed in 2001.
Cartoon Network South Korea is the South Korean version of the original American Cartoon Network television channel in the United States and is a cable and satellite television channel created by Turner Broadcasting, a unit of Time Warner which primarily shows animated programming.
 It was launched on November 11, 2006.
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. (also known simply as Turner) is an American media conglomerate that is a division of Time Warner and manages the collection of cable television networks and properties initiated or acquired by Ted Turner.
 The company was founded in 1970, and merged with Time Warner on October 10, 1996.
 It now operates as a semi-autonomous unit of Time Warner.
 The company's assets include CNN, HLN, TBS, TNT, Turner Classic Movies, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Boomerang and TruTV.
 The company's current chairman and CEO is John K. Martin.
 The headquarters of Turner's properties are located in both the CNN Center in Downtown Atlanta and the Turner Broadcasting campus off Techwood Drive in Midtown Atlanta, which also houses Turner Studios.
 Across Interstate 75/85 from the Techwood campus is the original home of Turner's WTBS superstation (now separated into its TBS cable network and Peachtree TV), which today houses the headquarters of Adult Swim and Williams Street Productions.
Cartoon Network CEE (also known as Cartoon Network Czech Republic, Cartoon Network Hungary and Cartoon Network Romania) is a children's channel broadcasting to people in Czech Republic, in Hungary, in Moldova, in Romania and in Slovakia.
 The channel was launched along with the Romanian and Polish feed.
 The channel is owned by Turner Broadcasting System Europe.
 The channel also carried a Toonami programming block.
 On April 1, 2015, Cartoon Network started broadcasting 24 hours a day in Hungary.
 Hungary was the last country to get Cartoon Network timeshared with TCM.
 On August 8, 2016, Cartoon Network Central Eastern Europe started to air Check It 4.0 bumpers and idents (alongside existing Check It 1.0 and Check It 3.0 branding).
 On September 20, 2017, a Czech sub-feed was launched.
Cartoon Network Too was a British TV network created by Turner Broadcasting.
 CN Too is the sister station of Cartoon Network, and it often aired programmes a while after they are shown on the main Cartoon Network.
 During the daytime, it usually aired some action-adventure programming such as "" and "".
 During overnight hours, usually between midnight and 06:00, it also aired some shows which are no longer being produced, and are no longer in high demand (i.e. "Skatoony").
 Cartoon Network Too was closed on 1 April 2014.
