The Native Tour (also known as the Native Summer Tour in North America or Native Fall Tour in Europe) is the third headlining concert tour by American pop-rock band, OneRepublic in support of their third studio album, "Native" (2013).
 OneRepublic were joined on the Native Summer leg of the tour by, The Script and American Authors, and on the European "Native Fall Tour" leg by Kongos.
 The tour has traveled across five continents; Asia, Europe, Oceania, North America, and Africa.
 The tour began on April 2, 2013, in Milan, Italy and finished on September 20, 2015, in São Paulo, Brazil.
Dregea is a genus of vines in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus with this name in 1838.
 It is native to Africa and southern Asia.
Agrilus planipennis, commonly known as the emerald ash borer, is a green buprestid or jewel beetle native to northeastern Asia that feeds on ash species.
 Females lay eggs in bark crevices on ash trees, and larvae feed underneath the bark of ash trees to emerge as adults in one to two years.
 In its native range, it is typically found at low densities and does not cause significant damage to trees native to the area.
 Outside its native range, it is an invasive species and is highly destructive to ash trees native to northwest Europe and North America.
 Prior to being found in North America, very little was known about emerald ash borer in its native range; this has resulted in much of the research on its biology being focused in North America.
 Local governments in North America are attempting to control it by monitoring its spread, diversifying tree species, insecticides, and biological control.
The Sino-Tibetan languages, in a few sources also known as Tibeto-Burman or Trans-Himalayan, are a family of more than 400 languages spoken in East Asia, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The family is second only to Indo-European in terms of the number of native speakers.
 The Sino-Tibetan languages with the most native speakers are the varieties of Chinese (1.3 billion speakers, the most of any language on Earth if counted as a single language), Burmese (33 million), and the Tibetic languages (8 million); but many Sino-Tibetan languages are spoken by small communities in remote mountain areas and as such are poorly documented.
Oenanthe javanica, commonly Java waterdropwort, Chinese celery, Indian pennywort, water celery and water dropwort, is a plant of the water dropwort genus originating from East Asia.
 (Chinese celery is also the name given to "Apium graveolens" var.
 "secalinum").
 It has a widespread native distribution in temperate Asia and tropical Asia, and is also native to Queensland, Australia.
Dregea volubilis is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family that is native to India.
Dregea sinensis is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family that is native to China.
Bothriochloa ischaemum is a species of perennial grass in the family Poaceae, found throughout much of the world.
 It is commonly known as yellow bluestem.
 Two varieties are recognized, of which "Bothriochloa ischaemum" var.
 "ischaemum" is native to Europe, Asia, and Africa and naturalized elsewhere, and var.
 "songarica" is native to Asia and naturalized elsewhere.
 Var.
 "songarica" is an invasive weed in Texas, where it is known as "King Ranch bluestem"; it has displaced native grasses in large areas of central and south Texas.
Pterostyrax, the epaulette tree, is a small genus of four species of deciduous large shrubs or small trees in the family Styracaceae, native to eastern Asia in China and Japan.
 They grow 4 - tall, with alternate, simple ovate leaves 6 - long and 4 - broad.
 The flowers are white, produced in dense panicles 8 - long.
 The fruit is an oblong dry drupe, with longitudinal ribs or narrow wings (the wings are absent in the related genus "Styrax", whence the name "Pterostyrax", "winged styrax").
Pterostyrax hispidus, the epaulette tree or fragrant epaulette tree, is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae, native to China and Japan.
 Growing to 15 m tall by 12 m broad, it is a substantial, spreading, deciduous shrub with oval leaves up to 20 cm long, and clusters of pure white, fragrant, pendent flowers in summer.
