As a specialized company in mobile video services, Ahiku Corp. develops live broadcasting platform and service that help people communicate more efficiently, and it also provides a new concept of video service that combines social network services.
Summer Games Done Quick 2016 (sometimes abbreviated as SGDQ 2016) was a speedrun charity marathon hosted by the Speedruns Live community on 3–9 July, 2016.
 Held at the Hilton Minneapolis Downtown in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the event consisted of 177 consecutive speedruns, spread over seven days.
 Participants played through a large variation of video games, including games in the "Super Mario" and "The Elder Scrolls" series.
 The event included multiple races, blindfolded play-throughs, and two "Tetris" competitions.
 Summer games Done Quick 2016 raised $1,297,924.44 USD for Doctors Without Borders, a slight improvement over the 2015's Summer marathon.
Dash Radio is a digital radio broadcasting platform with more than 80 original stations.
 These stations are curated by DJs, radio personalities, musicians, and music tastemakers.
 The platform includes partner stations curated by Snoop Dogg, Odd Future, Kylie Jenner, Lil Wayne, Tech N9ne, Borgore, B-Real of Cypress Hill, XXL Magazine, and others.
 Dash Radio has no subscription fees and is commercial-free.
Speed Demos Archive (commonly known as simply SDA) is a website dedicated to video game speedruns. SDA's primary focus is hosting downloadable, high-quality speedrun videos, and currently has runs of over eleven hundred games, with more being added on a regular basis.
 SDA also hosts two annual speedrunning charity marathons, Awesome Games Done Quick and Summer Games Done Quick.
 It has so far hosted thirteen marathons, and has raised over $10 million for various charities, with the most successful so far being Awesome Games Done Quick 2017, which raised over $2.2 million for the Prevent Cancer Foundation.
Lee Young-ho (born 5 July 1992 이영호) is a South Korean "" and "StarCraft II" player who played Terran for the Korean pro-gaming team KT Rolster under the alias By.FlaSh or simply Flash.
 He is widely considered the best "StarCraft" player of all time.
 Lee began playing "StarCraft II" competitively in 2011, until his retirement in December 2015.
 He subsequently returned to playing "Starcraft: Brood War", and started his personal broadcast in February 2016 on the AfreecaTV personal broadcasting platform.
 Since returning to "Brood War", Lee has won first place in both Season 2 and Season 3 of the Afreeca Starleague.
Noirhouse is an award winning Australian dark comedy indie web series, starring Melanie Irons, Nathan Spencer and Mick Davies.
 It plays on film-noir archetypes, featuring three main characters - a shady detective, femme fatale and Russian mobster.
 It premiered in September 2013 with an early screening at the Peacock Threater in Hobart, before beginning broadcast on its own website for a 3 episode first series.
 It was picked up by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation for a six episode second season to be released on its iView broadcasting platform, to begin running in November 2014.
 It was originally funded by Screen Tasmania and Screen Australia.
Mychal Ramon Jefferson, better known under the screen name Trihex, is an American professional gamer and speedrunner.
 Active at the biannual Games Done Quick events, Trihex is best known for his runs of "Jet Set Radio" and "Yoshi's Island".
 He is a very popular livestreamer, with over 200,000 followers on Twitch.
 He is also known to be the face of the Twitch emote, TriHard.
Games Done Quick is a biannual video game speedrun charity marathon held in the United States, originally organized by the Speed Demos Archive and Speedruns Live communities.
 Since 2015, it has been handled by Games Done Quick, LLC.
 Held since 2010, the events have raised money for several charities; the most common two being the Prevent Cancer Foundation and Doctors Without Borders.
 The events are broadcast live on Twitch.
 Viewers are encouraged to donate for incentives during the stream such as naming characters in a run, having the runners attempt more difficult challenges, or winning prizes.
 Over $12 million has been raised across seventeen marathons.
LIVE365 is an Internet radio broadcasting and listening network where users are able to create their own online radio stations, or choose to listen to thousands of human curated stations created by people from around the globe.
 LIVE365 is unique in that online radio stations on the LIVE365 network were created and managed by music and talk enthusiasts, including both hobbyists and professional broadcasters.
 LIVE365 also has many well established AM and FM stations that utilized the LIVE365 broadcasting platform to simulcast their terrestrial radio streams via the Live365 distribution network.
 The Live365 network also features radio stations from well-known artists such as Johnny Cash, David Byrne, Pat Metheny, Jethro Tull, Frank Zappa, and more.
 LIVE365 was created in 1999, and remains one of the longest running internet radio websites for listeners and broadcasters.
Quake done Quick is a series of machinima and speedrun movies in which Quake, its mission packs, and a few of its related games, are completed as fast as possible, utilizing any shortcut or trick, such as bunny hopping and rocket jumping (but not cheats) necessary.
 These movies are available in the game engine's native demo format and in rendered multimedia versions such as AVI files.
