Dwight E. Davis (born October 11, 1949) is a retired American professional basketball player.
 After playing college basketball at the University of Houston from 1969–72, Davis was selected as the 3rd overall pick of 1972 NBA draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers.
 Nicknamed "Double D", Davis played for five seasons in the NBA with two teams: the Cleveland Cavaliers (1972–75) and Golden State Warriors (1975–77).
 The 6 ft 8 in forward averaged 8.6 points in 340 career regular season games.
 Dwight was inducted into the "Hall of Honor" at the University of Houston in November 2006, some 34 years after leaving.
 He still holds many records for his rebounding, blocked shots and scoring.
 In 2007, Davis was appointed by New Hampshire Governor John Lynch to the N.H. Workforce Youth Council, and in 2008 he became the chair.
 He is also a board member of the Greater Seacoast United Way.
 Dwight spends much of his free time working with at risk teens with lessons on and off the court.
The Wonder Who?
 was a "nom de disque" of The Four Seasons for four single records released from 1965 to 1967.
 It was one of a handful of "names" used by the group at that time, including Frankie Valli (as a "solo" artist even though the Four Seasons were present on the record) and The Valli Boys.
 Wonder Who?
 recordings generally feature the falsetto singing by Valli, but with a softer falsetto than on "typical" Four Seasons recordings.
"Dawn (Go Away)" is a song written by Bob Gaudio and Sandy Linzer and recorded by The Four Seasons in early January 1964 as the Four Seasons were involved in a royalty dispute with Vee-Jay Records.
 As the lawsuit was making its way through the American judiciary system, the group recorded "Dawn" and a handful of other songs and withheld the master tapes from Vee-Jay, which then claimed breach of contract.
 The dispute would not be settled until 1965, a year after the Four Seasons officially left Vee-Jay.
"You're the Apple of My Eye" is a song written by Otis Blackwell and initially recorded and released as a single in 1956 by The Four Lovers, the precursor to The Four Seasons.
 Recorded after they were denied the opportunity to record another Blackwell song, "Don't Be Cruel", "You're the Apple of My Eye" was The Four Lovers' first exposure to U.S. national publicity, reaching the #62 position on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and earning the quartet an appearance on "The Ed Sullivan Show".
 One of two Four Lovers singles that RCA Victor Records released simultaneously, it was the quartet's only foray onto the Hot 100 before the formation of The Four Seasons five years later.
The Four Seasons is an American rock and pop band that became internationally successful in the 1960s and 1970s.
 The Vocal Group Hall of Fame has stated that the group was the most popular rock band before the Beatles.
 Since 1970, they have also been known at times as Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons.
 In 1960, the group known as the Four Lovers evolved into the Four Seasons, with Frankie Valli as the lead singer, Bob Gaudio (formerly of the Royal Teens) on keyboards and tenor vocals, Tommy DeVito on lead guitar and baritone vocals, and Nick Massi on electric bass and bass vocals.
"Watch the Flowers Grow" is a song composed by L. Russell Brown and Raymond Bloodworth and popularized by The Four Seasons in 1967.
 The single was released in the wake of The Beach Boys' "Pet Sounds" and The Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", "Watch the Flowers Grow" struggled up the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at #30, as The Four Seasons' music was rapidly falling out of favor with the American record-buying public (the Four Seasons' next single, a cover of The Shirelles' #1 hit "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" did slightly better, reaching #24 as the last Top 40 Four Seasons hit until "Who Loves You" in 1975).
Gloaming (foaled September 1915 in Australia) was an outstanding Thoroughbred racehorse, owned, trained, and based in New Zealand.
 He set many records which includes the Australasian record (jointly held with Desert Gold and Black Caviar) of 19 successive wins, many in Principal Races.
 Gloaming was unusual that he was a champion who won many major races in both Australia and New Zealand.
 Gloaming still holds the Australasian record of 45 seconds for four furlongs.
Milestone home runs by Barry Bonds have been those important home runs hit by Barry Bonds, who ranks among the greatest baseball players of all time and was for much of his career considered a five-tool player.
 Bonds' ascension towards the top of experts' lists of greatest players was propelled by highly productive years in which he set many records.
 By 1998, he was considered among the 50 greatest players of all time by "The Sporting News", and after winning the National League's Most Valuable Player Award four consecutive times from 2001–2004, he jumped into the top 10 in the 2005 list.
 He now holds numerous Major League Baseball records for home runs, bases on balls, intentional bases on balls, slugging percentage and on-base percentage, as well as a record seven MVP awards.
Amen!
 is the second album by singer and actress Della Reese.
 The album was her second record for Jubilee Records, and her first of many records dedicated solely to sacred and spiritual material.
 The album features background vocals by the Meditation Singers, which she had been a part of in the early ’50s.
 The album also features vocals by the then unknown singer Laura Lee, who had incidentally replaced Reese in the group, when she left in 1953.
Richard Wayne Wylie (June 6, 1939 – September 7, 2008), often known as Popcorn Wylie, was an African-American pianist, bandleader, songwriter, occasional singer, and record producer who was influential in the early years of Motown Records and was later known for his work on many records in the Northern soul genre.
