"My Own Worst Enemy" is a song by the American rock band Lit.
 It was released in March 1999 as the lead single from Lit's second album, "A Place in the Sun", which was also released that year.
 The song was only moderately successful at first, reaching number 17 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart on February 27, 1999.
 It later achieved mainstream success, peaking at number 51 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number one on the Modern Rock Tracks (also known as Alternative Songs) chart.
 The song's success helped "A Place in the Sun" to be certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on October 27, 1999 for sales of 1,300,000 copies in the United States.
 At the 1999 "Billboard" Music Awards, "My Own Worst Enemy" won the Modern Rock Track of the Year award.
 Its music video was filmed by Gavin Bowden in a Las Vegas bowling alley.
Sara Eskander Poulsen (born January 2, 1984) is a Danish actress and voice actress.
 She has provided voices for a number a number of Danish-language versions of foreign television series and films.
 She is best known for voicing Candace Flynn in Phineas and Ferb and for dubbing Brenda Song's character London Tipton in The Suite Life of Zack & Cody and The Suite Life on Deck.
The second season of "Phineas and Ferb" started on Disney XD February 19, 2009, and on Disney Channel March 27, 2009.
 A preview of the season was on January 23, 2009 on Toon Disney, with the episode "Tip of the Day".
 The season features two step-brothers on summer vacation trying to make every day the best day ever, while their sister tries to bust them.
 The five main characters are: brothers Phineas Flynn and Ferb Fletcher, their older sister Candace Flynn, secret agent Perry the Platypus, and the evil Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz.
Sara Beth Bareilles ( ; born December 7, 1979) is an American singer-songwriter and actress.
 She achieved mainstream success in 2007 with the hit single "(I'm Not Gonna Write You A) Love Song," which reached number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 Bareilles has sold over one million albums and over nine million singles/downloads in the United States alone and has earned six Grammy Award nominations, including one Album of the Year nomination for her album "The Blessed Unrest."
 In the third season of NBC's "The Sing-Off," Bareilles was a celebrity judge alongside Ben Folds and Shawn Stockman.
 In February 2012, VH1 placed Bareilles in the 80th spot of the Top 100 Greatest Women in Music.
 Her memoir, "Sounds Like Me: My Life (So Far) in Song," was published in 2015 and was listed by "The New York Times" as a best-seller.
 She composed music and wrote lyrics for the Broadway musical "Waitress", for which she earned a Tony Award nomination for Best Original Score in 2016 and a Grammy nomination for Best Musical Theatre Album.
 She took her final bow as Jenna Hunterson on June 11th, 2017.
Emma Nadine Stevens (born 4 May 1986) is an English singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, based in Guildford, United Kingdom.
 She achieved mainstream success with her single "Riptide" from her first full-length album "Enchanted", which was featured as iTunes Single of the Week in October 2013 and achieved in excess of 150,000 downloads.
 She describes her music as "sparkly folk pop"
Ben Folds Five are an American alternative rock trio formed in 1993 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
 The group's members are Ben Folds (lead vocals, piano, keyboards, melodica, principal songwriting), Robert Sledge (bass, contrabass, synthesizer, backing vocals), and Darren Jessee (drums, percussion, backing vocals, songwriter).
 The group achieved mainstream success in the alternative, indie and pop music scenes.
 Their single "Brick" from the 1997 album "Whatever and Ever Amen" gained airplay on many mainstream radio stations.
 During their first seven years together, the band released three proper studio records, one retrospective album of B-sides and outtakes, and eight singles.
 They also contributed to a number of soundtracks and compilations.
 Ben Folds Five disbanded in October 2000.
 They reunited in 2011 and released their fourth album "The Sound of the Life of the Mind" in 2012.
The first season of "Phineas and Ferb" aired on Disney Channel from August 17, 2007 to February 8, 2009.
 The series introduces two step-brothers on summer vacation trying to make every day the best day ever, while their sister tries to bust them.
 The five main characters are brothers Phineas Flynn and Ferb Fletcher, their older sister Candace Flynn, secret agent Perry the Platypus, and the evil Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz.
Ashley Michelle Tisdale (born July 2, 1985) is an American actress, singer, and producer.
 During her childhood, Tisdale was featured in over one hundred advertisements and had minor roles in television and theatre.
 She achieved mainstream success as Maddie Fitzpatrick in the Disney Channel series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody".
 This success was heightened when she starred as Sharpay Evans in the "High School Musical" franchise.
 The film series proved to be a huge success for Disney and earned a large following.
 The success of the films led to Tisdale signing with Warner Bros.
 Records, releasing her debut album, "Headstrong" (2007), through the label.
 The album was a commercial success, earning a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 She starred as Candace Flynn in the animated series "Phineas & Ferb" from 2007 to 2015.
Deny e Dino is a Brazilian rock band formed in the city of Santos in 1956.
 They achieved mainstream success with their Jovem Guarda hit "Coruja" (translated as "owl").
 They co-wrote songs for other Jovem Guarda artists, like Demétrius ("Comendador Mesquita") and Erasmo Carlos ("Eu Não Me Importo").
 Their album "O Ciúme" sold 200,000 copies and stayed at first place on the charts for 22 weeks.
 They still had some success after the end of Jovem Guarda.
 Dino died in 1994, but Deny kept producing and recording, and released a new album, "Essential", with another partner who adopted the stage name Dino.
The third season of "Phineas and Ferb" first aired on Disney Channel on March 4, 2011, and on Disney XD on March 7, 2011.
 The season features two step-brothers on summer vacation trying to make every day the best day ever, while their sister tries to bust them.
 The five main characters are: brothers Phineas Flynn and Ferb Fletcher, secret agent Perry the Platypus (who's also the pet of Phineas and Ferb), the evil scientist Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz, and the brothers' older sister Candace Flynn.
