Somers is a small town approximately 72 km south-east of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, in the south-eastern corner of the Mornington Peninsula on Western Port.
 Its local government area is the Shire of Mornington Peninsula.
The Shire of Mornington was a local government area about 50 km south of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, encompassing the western extremity of the Mornington Peninsula.
 The shire covered an area of 90.65 km2 immediately to the south of Frankston, and existed from 1960 until 1994.
Flinders once known as Mendi-Moke, is a town south of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, located on the Mornington Peninsula at the point where Western Port meets Bass Strait.
 Its local government area is the Shire of Mornington Peninsula.
 At the 2011 census, Flinders had a population of 860.
Balnarring is a town in Victoria, Australia, in the southeastern Mornington Peninsula about halfway between Hastings and Flinders.
 Its local government area is the Shire of Mornington Peninsula.
The Shire of Flinders was a local government area, encompassing the extremity of the Mornington Peninsula, about 65 km south of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.
 The shire covered an area of 324 km2 , and existed from 1874 until 1994.
Merricks Beach is a small seaside village on the Mornington Peninsula Victoria, Australia.
 It is located on the eastern side of the peninsula on Western Port Bay.
 It is one of the few coastal places within a 100 km radius of Melbourne that has been basically untouched by development.
 Its local government area is the Shire of Mornington Peninsula.
The Mornington Peninsula is a peninsula located south-east of Melbourne, Australia.
 It is surrounded by Port Phillip to the west, Western Port to the east and Bass Strait to the south, and is connected to the mainland in the north.
 Geographically, the peninsula begins its protrusion from the mainland in the area between Pearcedale and Frankston.
 The area was originally home to the "Mayone-bulluk" and "Boonwurrung-Balluk" clans and formed part of the Boonwurrung nation's territory prior to European settlement.
Merricks is a small town in Victoria, Australia in the southeastern Mornington Peninsula between Hastings and Flinders.
 Its local government area is the Shire of Mornington Peninsula.
Mornington Peninsula Regional Gallery is a public art gallery on the Mornington Peninsula, south-east of Melbourne, Australia.
 The gallery opened in 1971, and holds both traditional and contemporary Australian art.
 In 2013 the gallery hosted an exhibition of Archibald Prize paintings, setting a gallery attendance record of 48,000.
 The gallery is host to the National Works on Paper acquisitive art competition, established in 1998.
 Artists whose work is held by the Mornington Peninsula Regional Gallery include Constance Stokes.
Mornington is a seaside town on the Mornington Peninsula, Victoria, Australia, located 57 km south of Melbourne's central business district.
 It is in the local government area of the Shire of Mornington Peninsula.
