Alli Thandha Vaanam ("The sky gave me too much") is a 2001 Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Sridar Prasad.
 It stars Prabhu Deva, Kalyani, Laila and Murali in the lead roles, with Prakash Raj, TSBK Moulee, Rajeev, Neha and Vivek in supporting roles.
 The film was a commercial success at the box office and three songs have been shot in various locations in Malaysia.
 The song 'Vaadi Vaadi Naatu Kattai' was a chartbuster hit.
 he film's score and music was composed by Vidyasagar.
 It was released on 5 September,2001.
Puthiya Paravai (English: "New Bird" ) is a 1964 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film directed by Dada Mirasi.
 The film features Sivaji Ganesan, B. Saroja Devi, M. R. Radha and Sowcar Janaki in the lead roles, with V. K. Ramasamy, Nagesh and Manorama playing supporting roles.
 The plot revolves around Gopal, a businessman who falls in love with a woman named Latha, but is haunted by the death of his wife Chitra.
Ainthu Ainthu Ainthu (English: "Five Five Five"), stylized as 555, is a 2013 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film directed by Sasi.
 It stars Bharath and Chandini Sreedharan as the main leads.
 Erica Fernandes and Santhanam play other pivotal roles.
 The film, an action drama revolving around psychology and mind games, had been in production since 2008.
 The film released on 10 August 2013 to positive reviews for its story, performances, music and criticized for misplaced songs still it was comeback commercial hit for Bharath.
 Dubbed in Hindi as "Paanch Ka Punch"
"Pookkalae Sattru Oyivedungal" (English: Oh flowers… Rest a while) is a romantic Tamil song from the 2015 Tamil film, "I".
 Composed by A. R. Rahman, the song is sung by Haricharan and Shreya Ghoshal, with lyrics penned by Madhan Karky.
 The music video of the track features actors Vikram and Amy Jackson.
 The song was re-dubbed in two other languages.
 The Hindi version of the song "Tu Chale", sung by Arijit Singh and Ghoshal is written by Irshad Kamil while the Telugu version of the song "Poolane Kunukeyamantaa" was sung by Haricharan and Ghoshal and the lyrics for the version is penned by Ananta Sriram.
 The music video of the song was shot in several locations of China.
Adhe Kangal (English: Same Eyes) is a 2017 Indian Tamil-language romantic action thriller film written and directed by Rohin Venkatesan and produced by C. V. Kumar.
 The film features Kalaiyarasan, Janani Iyer and Sshivada in the leading roles with Bala Saravanan in a supporting role, while Ghibran composes the film's music.
 The film had a theatrical release on 26 January 2017 coinciding with India's Republic Day.
I (also known as "Shankar's I ") is a 2015 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film written and directed by Shankar and co-written by Subha.
 Produced and distributed by V. Ravichandran under his production company, Aascar Films, the film features Vikram, Amy Jackson and Suresh Gopi in lead roles while Upen Patel, Santhanam and Ramkumar Ganesan portray pivotal roles.
 The soundtrack and film score were composed by A. R. Rahman.
 Production design was handled by T. Muthuraj.
 P. C. Sreeram was the film's cinematographer and editing was done by Anthony.
Parthen Rasithen English: "Saw Admired" ), is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller written and directed by Saran.
 The film features Simran, Prashanth, Laila in the lead roles, while Raghuvaran, Jai Ganesh, Vinu Chakravarthy, Vaiyapuri, Charle, Dhamu, Lawrence Raghavendra, Fathima Babu and Jyothi play supporting roles.
 The film music was composed by Bharadwaj.
Roja (English: "Rose" ) is a 1992 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film written and directed by Mani Ratnam.
 It stars Arvind Swamy and Madhoo in the lead roles.
 The film was also dubbed in Hindi, Marathi, Malayalam and Telugu languages.
Gangster (Bengali: গ্যাংস্টার ) is an Indian Bengali language romantic thriller film directed by Birsa Dasgupta under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films.
 The film stars debutant Yash Dasgupta with Mimi Chakraborty in leading roles.
 The film is a romantic thriller where Yash plays the role of a gangster.
 This is an Intense romantic thriller with few twists and turns to keep the audience glued to their seats.
 The film has been shot in Istanbul, Turkey.
 The music by Arindam Chatterjee is captivating.
 The film released on 7 October 2016.
Moondram Pirai (English: "The crescent seen on the third day following new moon day" ) is a 1982 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written, directed and filmed by Balu Mahendra.
 The film features Kamal Haasan and Sridevi in the lead roles, while Silk Smitha, Poornam Vishwanathan and Y. G. Mahendra play supporting roles.
 The music for the film was composed by Ilaiyaraaja, with lyrics written by Kannadasan, Vairamuthu and Gangai Amaran.
 It also featured the last song written by Kannadasan to be recorded before his death in 1981.
