The Northwest Conference is an OHSAA athletic league located in northwest Ohio and includes schools in Allen, Hardin, Paulding, Putnam, and Van Wert counties.
 The NWC originally formed in 1947.
 The Northwest Conference currently awards championships in 10 Varsity sports: baseball, basketball, cross country, football, golf (boys), softball, soccer (girls), track, volleyball, and wrestling.
Steve Uzelac (born 12 March 1953) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Doncaster Rovers, Mansfield Town, Preston North End and Stockport County.
The West Lancashire derby (sometimes also known as the "M55 derby") is a local rivalry in English football between Lancashire clubs Blackpool and Preston North End.
 The derby has taken place across all three tiers of the Football League, but not yet in the Premier League.
 Blackpool were promoted to the Premier League in 2010; Preston North End have yet to reach it.
 They have not met in the League since February 2010.
 In 2015, Preston moved above Blackpool in the Football League pyramid for the first time since 2004–05, when they were in the Championship and Blackpool were in League One.
 This will be repeated for the 2015–16 campaign.
The Cape Cod Baseball League (CCBL) is a collegiate summer baseball league located on Cape Cod in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.
 Many future Major League Baseball players have started there during their college years; MLB has provided financial support to the Cape League for over 40 years.
 During the 2014 MLB season, 265 CCBL alumni played in the majors; additionally over 1,000 CCBL alumni were playing in professional baseball in 2006.
The New Bedford Bay Sox are a baseball team that plays in the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a collegiate summer baseball league located in the northeastern United States region of New England.
 The team is located in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
 New Bedford's Paul Walsh Field serves as the home field of the Bay Sox.
 Th NECBL's players use wooden bats, as opposed to aluminum, and are college baseball players recruited from the top intercollegiate baseball programs in the United States.
 The franchise has appeared in league finals four times in their history, all as the Torrington Twisters (1997, 1998, 2003, 2006), and have twice played host to the NECBL All-Star Game as the Twisters (1998, 2008).
 Pat and Beth O'Connor, owners of Little Fenway and Little Wrigley joined the ownership team of the New Bedford Bay Sox in October, 2011, and signed a 3-year lease to play at Paul Walsh Field.
 In November 2011, former MLB player Rick Miller was announced as the 2012 Bay Sox manager.
 Miller was succeeded as manager prior to the 2015 season by Westport, MA native and former Boston Red Sox draft pick Kyle Fernandes.
 Fernandes has led the Bay Sox to back-to-back postseason appearances in his two seasons as manager, most recently losing in a three-game series to the eventual NECBL Champions the Mystic Schooners.
The Midget Football League of Manitoba (MFLM) is a league located in the Canadian province of Manitoba for players of ages 15–17 years old.
 The league currently has eight teams: the Sunrise Coyotes, Southwest Wolves, Greendell Falcons, Interlake Thunder, St. Vital Mustangs, and Transcona Nationals.
 Most teams are located in Winnipeg; however, Eastman, Interlake, and Pembina Valley are based in Steinbach, Stonewall, and Winkler respectively.
The Northwest Central Conference is an OHSAA athletic league located in parts of northwest and western Ohio.
 The league came into existence in the 2001-2002 school year.
 The NWCC supports 10 league sports: Boys and Girls Cross Country, Boys Golf, Football, Volleyball, Boys and Girls Basketball, Baseball and Softball.
The Riverland Football League is an Australian rules football league located in South Australia's Riverland region.
 The league has two divisions - the first division is for the main towns of the Riverland and the second division, called the Riverland Independent Football League, is for the minor towns.
 The Barmera-Monash Roos were the Premiers in 2012, ending a 23-year drought by defeating Waikerie in the 2012 Grand Final.
 The Loxton North Panthers won the flag in 2013, beating Barmera-Monash in the Grand Final held on September 14, 2013.
The Riverland Independent Football League is an Australian rules football League located in South Australia's Riverland region.
 The league is the second division of the Riverland Football League, and features clubs from the smaller towns of the Riverland and Upper-Murray region.
The Rio Grande Valley Giants was an American minor league baseball franchise in the Double-A Texas League located in Harlingen, Texas, that played from the beginning of the 1960 season through June 10, 1961.
 As its nickname implies, the team was affiliated with the San Francisco Giants.
 It played its home games at Harlingen Field.
