Henry Earl J. Wojciechowski, also known as Hymie Weiss (January 25, 1898 – October 11, 1926), was an American mob boss who became a leader of the Prohibition-era North Side Gang and a bitter rival of Al Capone.
 He was known as 'the only man Al Capone feared'.
Vincent Drucci, also known as "The Schemer" (born Vincenzo D'Ambrosio; 1898 – April 4, 1927), was an Sicilian-American mobster during Chicago's Prohibition era who was a member of the North Side Gang, Al Capone's best known rivals.
 A friend of Dean O'Banion, Drucci succeeded him by becoming co-leader.
 He is the only US organized crime boss to have been killed by a policeman.
Abraham "Bo" Weinberg (January 7, 1900 – September 9, 1935) was a Jewish New York City mobster who became a hitman and chief lieutenant for the Prohibition-era gang boss Dutch Schultz.
 As Schultz expanded his bootlegging operations into Manhattan during Prohibition, he recruited Abe Weinberg and his brother George into his gang.
 Abe Weinberg would become one of Schultz's top gunmen during the Manhattan Bootleg Wars and was a later suspect in the high-profile gangland slayings of Jack "Legs" Diamond, Vincent "Mad Dog" Coll, and mob boss Salvatore Maranzano.
The Altamira prison brawl was a deadly fight that occurred on 4 January 2012 in Altamira, Tamaulipas, Mexico.
 Officials from the state of Tamaulipas confirmed that 31 people were killed, with another thirteen injured.
 The fight started after a drug gang burst into a section of the prison where they were banned from, attacking their rival gang housed there, triggering the fight.
 During the altercation, the inmates used several kinds of white arms to kill their opponents.
 The prisoners also used sticks and knives to massacre the members of the rival gang.
George Musey, also known as "one-armed George Musey", was an associate mob boss in Galveston, Texas, during the 1920s and early 1930s.
 He, with the "Beau Brummel of Galveston" Johnny Jack Nounes, led the Downtown Gang, one of the two gangs which controlled Galveston underworld until the early 1930s.
 Musey was the gang's top enforcer and would not let anyone ruin the rise of the Downtown Gang.
 Bootlegging was his specialty, therefore, when the law would arrive to seize the illegal hooch, Musey always escaped.
 However, he was convicted on conspiracy liquor charges and sent to Atlanta Penitentiary.
 He went on to head the gang as Nounes's absence was in effect due to his prison terms.
 He was the only right-hand man to gang boss Nounes and he was the best acting boss the gang ever had.
 He was later assassinated in 1935, eight days after his 35th birthday.
Daniel F. Healy (c. 1895 – July 8, 1980) was a Chicago detective who became famous when he killed the leader of the North Side Gang, Vincent Drucci, during an altercation, which occurred during the course of an arrest, on April 4, 1927.
 By 1933 Healy had been made sergeant of the Chicago police
Yves Buteau (also known as, Yves "le Boss" Buteau) (1951–1983) was known for being a part of motorcycle gangs such as the Hells Angels in Canada, and was murdered by a drug dealer with ties to a rival gang.
 He began his life of organized crime as a member of the Montreal-based motorcycle gang called, the Popeyes Motorcycle Club.
 By the mid-1970s, he became president.
 Buteau would soon play a significant role in establishing the Angels as a major criminal force in Quebec.
Myles O'Donnell was an Irish American bootlegger and mobster during the Roaring Twenties in Chicago during Prohibition.
 He was most famous for being the founder of the West-side O'Donnell Mob aka the Westside O'Donnells or West-side gang (no relation to the South Side O'Donnells, a rival gang).
Richard "Richie" Fitzpatrick (1880 – November 1, 1904) was a top gunman in the Monk Eastman gang, as well as a former member of the Five Points Gang, during the late 1890s until his death in 1904.
 He is best known however for the method of eliminating an Eastman rival where he would meet with the person in question and, after being searched, would inform them that he would not follow Eastman's orders instead seeking to defect to the rival gang and as he excused himself to use the bathroom he would retrieve a planted gun and return surprising the person shooting the victim down.
 This would later inspire the famous scene in "The Godfather" Saga.
Angelina Veneziano is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless".
 She is portrayed by Diana DeGarmo, who is famed for being runner-up on the third season of the reality television competition "American Idol".
 She was introduced by former executive producer and head writer Maria Arena Bell on October 31, 2011, as the daughter of mob boss Angelo Veneziano (Mike Starr).
 Angelina was described as a mob boss daughter and aspiring singer by Zap2it.
 DeGarmo described her as an over-the-top "jersey girl", and noted her flamboyant costumes and voice.
 The show's executive producer and head writer Maria Arena Bell offered DeGarmo the role of Veneziano after seeing her performance of Penny Pingleton in the musical production of "Hairspray".
