Mariotto di Nardo di Cione ("fl".
 1388–1424) was a Florentine painter.
 His style belongs to the Florentine Gothic, and shows the influence of Spinello Aretino and Lorenzo Monaco.
 He worked at the Duomo of Florence, at the church of Santa Maria Maggiore and at the Orsanmichele.
 He painted both frescoes and in oils on panels, and was also active as an illuminator of manuscripts.
Andrea di Giusto (c. 1400- 2 September 1450, Florence), rarely also known as Andrea Manzini or Andrea di Giusto Manzini was a Florentine painter of the late Gothic to early Renaissance style in Florence and its surrounding countryside.
 Andrea was heavily influenced by masters Lorenzo Monaco, Bicci di Lorenzo, Masaccio, and Fra Angelico, and tended to mix and match the motifs and techniques of these artists in his own work.
 Andrea was an eclectic painter and is considered a minor master of Florentine early Renaissance art.
 Andrea trained under Bicci di Lorenzo as a "garzone".
 He painted his most significant works, three altarpieces, in the Florentine contado, or countryside; these altarpieces were created for Sant’Andrea a Ripalta in Figline, Santa Margarita in Cortona, and the Badia degli Olivetani di San Bartolomeo alle Sacce near Prato.
 Aside from his major altarpieces, Andrea painted several Frescoes over the course of his career.
 He, along with other minor masters, are also known to have provided several different types of art, including triptychs and frescoes, for Romanesque pievi, or rural churches with baptistries.
 Moreover, he was well-known for several types of smaller craft objects, such as small tabernacles.
 He is said to have worked between 1420 and 1424 under Bicci di Lorenzo on paintings for Santa Maria Nuova.
 In 1436, he is said to have worked with Masaccio in painting the "Life of San Giuliano" for the Polyptych of Pisa, including the painting of the "Madonna and Child".
 He also appears to have collaborated in 1445 with Paolo Uccello in the Capella dell'Assunta in the Prato Cathedral.
 In 1428, he is listed as a member of the "Arte dei Medici e Speziali" guild in Florence as "Andrea di Giusto di Giovanni Bugli".
 His son, Giusto d'Andrea, was also a painter and worked with Neri di Bicci and Benozzo Gozzoli.
 Andrea died in Florence in 1450.
The Bartolini Salimbeni Annunciation (Italian: "Annunciazione Bartolini Salimbeni") is a painting by the Italian Gothic painter Lorenzo Monaco, completed just before his death (1420–1424) and housed in the Bartolini Salimbeni Chapel of the church of Santa Trinita, Florence, Italy.
The Annunciation Triptych is a tempera on panel painting by the Italian late Gothic artist Lorenzo Monaco, now housed in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in Florence, Italy.
Francesco d'Antonio or d'Antonio di Bartolomeo (born 1393, active until 1452) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, mainly active in Florence.
 He is likely the same "Francesco Fiorentino" that Giorgio Vasari in his biographies states was a follower of Lorenzo Monaco.
 In 1429 Francesco joined the painters' guild in Florence.
 A triptych signed (circa 1415 - 1418) attributed to Francesco is found in the Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge.
 A painted depiction of the Virgin and Child with Six Angels and Two Cherubim (about 1440-50) on a gilded background found at the National Gallery, London.
Lorenzo Monaco (born Piero di Giovanni; 1370 – c. 1425) was an Italian painter of the late Gothic-early Renaissance age.
 He was born Piero di Giovanni in Siena.
 Little is known about his youth, apart from the fact that he was apprenticed in Florence.
 He was influenced by Giotto and his followers Spinello Aretino and Agnolo Gaddi.
Ercole Grandi (1491–1531) was an Italian painter of the early-Renaissance period, active mainly in Ferrara.
 Also known as Ercole da Ferrara and Ercole di Giulio Cesare Grandi, he has been claimed to be a favourite pupil of the painter Lorenzo Costa.
 Ercole Grandi first appeared in the historical record as being in the service of the house of Este in 1489.
 Between 1489 and 1495, Ercole Grandi seems to have been working in Bologna, both in San Petronio and in the Cappella Bentivoglio of San Giacomo Maggiore, as an assistant to Lorenzo Costa.
 In 1495, he was in Ferrara as the chief architect for realising Duke Ercole's plans to embellish the city and renovate the churches; the facade and interior of Santa Maria in Vado were executed from his design.
 He worked with Ludovico Mazzolino and others on the decoration of the Castello, and painted in the apartments of Lucretia Borgia.
 Also in Ferrara, he painted the frescoes for the church of San Pietro Martire (now demolished), although some frescoes are preserved.
 One problem in assigning attribution to the hand of Ercole Grandi is that none of his works is signed or dated, or accompanied by supporting documents, but he is thought by some scholars to have painted -- in the manner of Mantegna -- or had a hand in, the decorative frescoed ceiling in the Sala del Tesoro of the Palazzo Costabili (Palazzo di Ludovico il Moro) in Ferrara between 1503 and 1506.
 Other scholars attribute the work to Benvenuto Tisi da Garofalo.
 Confusingly, the identity of Ercole Grandi is sometimes conflated with Garofalo, and an Ercole da Bologna, and (most famously by the Renaissance historian, Giorgio Vasari) with that of Ercole di Antonio Roberti or Ercole de' Roberti (and see Filippini), who was first documented as being in Ferrara in 1479, and was author of the great frescoes of the Garganelli chapel in Bologna.
 Most of Ercole Grandi's works have been reattributed to other Ferrarese painters, such as Giovan Francesco Maineri and Lorenzo Costa, while other scholars insist that Ercole Grandi is a mythical character.
The Bartolini Salimbeni Chapel (Italian: "Cappella Bartolini Salimbeni") is a chapel in the church of Santa Trinita, Florence, central Italy.
 Its decoration by Lorenzo Monaco, dating to the 1420s, are one of the few surviving examples of International Gothic frescoes in Italy.
 The chapels has kept other original elements, such as its altarpiece, an "Annunciation", also by Lorenzo Monaco, and the railings.
Lorenzo di Bicci ( 1350 – 1427) was an Italian painter of the Florentine School considered to be one of the most important painters in Florence during the second half of the 14th century.
 He is believed to have learned his trade from his father, about whom little is known.
 Lorenzo’s style, as well as that of his contemporaries Jacopo di Cione and Niccolò di Pietro Gerini, was influenced by the artist Andrea di Cione.
 Lorenzo's paintings made use of bright colors and his compositions avoided complexity.
 The figures he painted tended to have round faces and were often expressionless.
 Another one of Lorenzo's distinctive characteristics was his precision of execution.
 He was known for exceptional talent in drawing, an ability that he put to use at the initial stages of his painting.
 Unlike many celebrated Florentine artists of this period, Lorenzo mostly received commissions from the country clergy and from the lower-middle class Florentine guilds.
 His successors, Bicci di Lorenzo and Neri di Bicci, continued to serve these groups.
Giovanni dal Ponte (1385 – ca. 1438, Florence) was a Florentine minor master painter of the late-Gothic period, known as one of the greatest minor masters contemporary to Masaccio.
 He is known by Giorgio Vasari as dal Ponte, a name derived from the location of his studio at the Piazza di Santo Stefano a Ponte.
 Many other documents cite his name as Giovanni di Marco.
 After joining the Arte dei Medici e degli Speziali in 1410 and the Compagnia di S Luca in 1413, dal Ponte opened his studio in the late 1420s and hired Florentine painter Smeraldo di Giovanni as his assistant.
 Smeraldo was hired after dal Ponte was imprisoned in 1424 due to failure to repay his debts, with the intention that Smeraldo would manage the logistical aspects of the workshop in addition to his artwork.
 Dal Ponte used his craftsmanship to create not only Panel paintings, but also frescoes and decorations for small objects.
 Dal Ponte's work is considered to be of the Late Gothic style, though he assimilated the stylistic preferences of his contemporaries; Lorenzo Monaco, Masaccio, and Lorenzo Ghiberti served as his primary influences.
