Live at the Court: Greatest Hits and More is the ninth album from New Jersey rock band The Smithereens.
 It was recorded live at the Court Tavern in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
Hearts of Stone is the third album by New Jersey rock band Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes, released in 1978.
 The album was written and recorded in collaboration with E Street Band guitarist Steven Van Zandt, as well as Bruce Springsteen.
Frankie LaRocka (April 17, 1954 – May 12, 2005), born Frank LaRocca, was an American rock musician and producer.
 He was a member of Scandal, playing drums on their debut EP, and, at various stages, played the drums with Bon Jovi, David Johansen, Bryan Adams, and John Waite.
 In the 1990s, he became an A&R man and producer with his most notable work being with the Spin Doctors on their breakthrough album "Pocket Full of Kryptonite".
Sean Aaberg was born in Oakland, California.
 He is the son of Philip Aaberg and LouAnn Lucke.
 He grew up in Oakland, attending Bishop O'Dowd High School and briefly attended the California College of the Arts.
 As a kid, he liked "anything weird, nasty and old", including cheap magazines and bought thousands of them, he said in an interview.
 He and his friends read "Mad", drew comics, liked to listen to Cheech and Chong and the Ramones on the Dr. Demento show, and later discovered the Church of the Subgenius.
 He admired the movies of Ralph Bakshi.
 The interviewer noted that Aaberg writes in ALL CAPS.
 Sean founded and played drums in the Oakland-based Hardcore Punk band The Masked Men, played drums for Baltimore-based Anarcho Punk band A//Political and founded and played drums for Eugene-based Rock and Roll band The Latrines.
The Rats were an American garage punk band from Portland, Oregon, formed by Fred Cole previously of the garage rock band, The Lollipop Shoppe.
 Cole played guitar and sang, his wife, "Toody" played bass and sang, and initially Rod Rat played drums.
 Their sound was a raw mix of punk rock with occasional country touches.
 Their self-titled debut album appeared on Cole's Whizeagle label in 1980.
 Soon after, Rod Rat left the band, though he guested on the 1981 follow-up "Intermittent Signals" before his death by suicide.
 (Prior to his suicide Rod Rat (aka Rod Hibbert) also played drums in 1980-81 for Portland power pop band Domino Theory).
 Sam Henry, formerly of the Wipers, played drums on this LP but left to join another Portland band, Napalm Beach.
 Louis Samora was on the drum throne for the 1983 album "In a Desperate Red", still on Whizeagle.
 Samora left in 1984 to concentrate on his rockabilly band, The Jackals.
 The band broke up, but Bill Barker of Profile Studios in Vancouver, British Columbia convinced the band to reunite for a single.
 It appeared under the band name The Desperate Edge later in 1984.
 Soon after, Cole assembled a country band, Western Front, and he and Toody later reunited in Dead Moon.
 The Rats' records have long been out of print and sell for high prices on eBay.
 In 2008, Portland's Mississippi Records reissued the first album on vinyl.
The Rosebuds are an indie rock band from Raleigh, North Carolina, United States.
 (Not to be confused with the vocal group of the same name who recorded for George Goldner's Gee Records in the 1950s.)
 Its current members are Ivan Howard (vocals/guitar/drums/bass/keyboards/programming) and Kelly Crisp (vocals/keyboard/drums/guitar/accordion).
 Billy Alphin had played drums on the album "The Rosebuds Make Out", Wes Phillips played drums on the E.P."Unwind", Lee Waters played drums on the record "Birds Make Good Neighbors", and Matt McCaughan played the drums on "Night of the Furies", "Life Like" and "Loud Planes Fly Low."
 Rob Lackey was behind the drum kit during the taping of "The Rosebuds Live at the Cats Cradle", a charity only recording sold at "cytunes.org" to help fight for the prevention of cancer, as well as on the track "Second Birds of Paradise" on "Loud Planes Fly Low."
The Royal Teens was a New Jersey rock and roll band that formed in 1956, which was composed of Bob Gaudio on piano, Tom Austin on drums, Billy Dalton on guitar, and Billy Crandall on saxophone.
 The group is best known for its single "Short Shorts," which was a #3 hit in the United States in 1958.
 The follow-up single, 1959's "Believe Me," hit #26.
 They never recorded an album, and broke up in 1965.
The Baby Namboos were a 1990s British trip hop band.
 One of their members, Mark Porter, is the cousin of Tricky, who produced some tracks on their debut album.
 Their song "Late Night Antics" inspired a New Jersey rock band to call themselves Mister Behavior, a persona mentioned in the song.
A Date with the Smithereens is the fifth album by the New Jersey rock band The Smithereens, released in 1994.
 It is seen as a stylistic departure by the band, as "A Date" is mainly influenced by hard rock and heavy metal, while previous albums have leaned more towards straightforward pop rock.
 The title is meant to be ironic as nearly all songs on the album are hate-inspired.
The Del-Aires were a Paterson, New Jersey rock band of the 1960s.
 They were featured as themselves in Del Tenney's 1964 B-movie beach party film, "The Horror of Party Beach."
 For the film, Gary Robert Jones and Ronnie Linares wrote one song together, "Drag," and one song each: "Wigglin' Wobblin'" (Jones) and "Elaine" (Linares).
 The Del-Aires performed all six songs in the film, which included "Joy Ride", "The Zombie Stomp" and "You Are Not a Summer Love."
 Following his stint with the Del-Aires, saxophonist/guitarist/keyboardist Bobby Osborne was a member of the band Gas Mask, perhaps best known for having their first (and only) album, "Their First Album," produced by Teo Macero.
