In linguistics, a binomial pair or binomial is a sequence of two or more words or phrases belonging to the same grammatical category, having some semantic relationship and joined by some syntactic device such as "and" or "or".
 Examples in English include "through and through", "(without) let or hindrance", and "chalk and cheese".
Robin Chalk (born 1981) is an English actor, best known for his role as Neil Kellerman in the West End production of "Dirty Dancing" and his work on British science-fiction film "Moon" directed by Duncan Jones.
Leslie Hulme (9 January 1933 – 29 July 2016), known professionally as Ken Barrie, was an English voice actor and singer best known for narrating, and singing the theme tune of the BBC television programmes "Postman Pat" and "Charlie Chalk".
 He was also responsible for providing the voices of several of the series' characters.
Daniel Gregory Clark (born 3 July 1976 in Bromley, London) is an English actor, comedian, writer, director, and singer.
 He is best known for playing Don Danbury on the BBC Three sitcom "How Not to Live Your Life", which he also wrote, co-produced, and sometimes directed.
 He has been a regular on the British comedy scene as both a sketch and stand-up comedian.
Roger Kitter (20 October 1949 – 3 January 2015) was an English actor best known for playing Captain Alberto Bertorelli in series 7 of the British sitcom TV series "'Allo 'Allo!
".
 He had previously appeared weekly with Lulu throughout the 10-week run of her 1973 BBC1 series "It's Lulu".
 With Kaplan Kaye he also recorded a song "Chalk Dust – the Umpire Strikes Back" using the moniker 'The Brat'.
 Released on the Hansa label, it entered the UK Singles Chart on 10 July 1982; it reached a peak of number 19, and remained in the chart for 8 weeks.
 The song was a Top 10 hit in the Netherlands, Belgium and South Africa, and lampooned John McEnroe complaining about line calls in tennis ("The ball's in, everyone can see that the ball's in!")
.
 He was also an impressionist, who provided the voice of Tommy Cooper in the Lego 'Kipper' advertisement.
Richard Cheese & Lounge Against the Machine is a cover band and comedy act, performing popular songs in a lounge/swing style, reminiscent of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, and Tony Bennett.
 Lounge singer Richard Cheese is a character created and portrayed by Los Angeles-based actor/comedian Mark Jonathan Davis.
Garry Gordon Marcus Chalk (born February 17, 1952) is a British-born Canadian actor and voice actor.
 He has provided the voices for Optimus Primal of "Beast Wars: Transformers" and "Beast Machines", as well the Optimus Prime in the anime English dubs of "Transformers: Armada", "Transformers Energon", and "Transformers: Cybertron", and also was the third American voice of Dr. Robotnik for "Sonic Underground".
 He has lent his voice to over 30 animated television series and has been in films such as "The Fly II", "Godzilla" and "Freddy vs. Jason".
 He played the recurring role of Col. Chekov on Stargate SG-1.
Rickie Joseph Grover (born 24 December 1961) is an English actor and comedian.
 His stepfather was an armed robber and his mother a hairdresser.
 His first cousin is Jimmy Doherty.
 Grover became a ladies' hairdresser and a champion boxer, with the nickname Ricky 'Goodnight' Grover due to his big punching power.
 He then became a stand-up comedian, actor and occasional television presenter.
 He is best known for his role as Andrew Cotton in "EastEnders".
 Grover is dyslexic and could not read or write until his early thirties.
Mark Benton (born 16 November 1965) is an English actor, known for his roles as Eddie in "Early Doors", Howard in "Northern Lights" and Martin Pond in "Barbara".
 Benton has also starred in BBC One drama, "Waterloo Road" as maths teacher, Daniel Chalk from 2011 to 2013 and again in 2014.
Tommy Knight (born Thomas Lawrence Alexander Farrell, 22 January 1993) is an English actor best known for playing Luke Smith in "The Sarah Jane Adventures" and "Doctor Who", Kevin Chalk in "Waterloo Road", murder victim Caleb "Cal" Bray in "Glue" and Brodie in "Victoria".
