The Nova Southeastern Sharks baseball program represents Nova Southeastern University in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's NCAA Division II level.
 The Sharks have a very short history, having less than thirty years of play under their belt; however, the sharks have won the Division II championship in 2016, as well as producing several MLB stars, such as J. D. Martinez of the Arizona Diamondbacks, and Mike Fiers of the Houston Astros.
 They are coached by Greg Brown.
David Earl Clark (born September 3, 1962) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball who played from 1986 to 1998.
 He is currently the third base coach and outfield instructor for the Detroit Tigers.
 He served as manager of the Houston Astros Double-A affiliate, the Corpus Christi Hooks, from 2005 to 2007, and led them to the Texas League Championship in 2006.
 He also served as the manager of the Houston Astros' Pacific Coast League Triple-A affiliate, the Round Rock Express and served as the manager for the Huntsville Stars, the double-A affiliate for the Milwaukee Brewers.
 He was the interim Manager for the Houston Astros at the end of the 2009 season.
Paul Wesley Householder (born September 4, 1958) is a retired Major League Baseball outfielder.
 He played during eight seasons at the major league level for the Cincinnati Reds, St. Louis Cardinals, Milwaukee Brewers, and Houston Astros.
 He was drafted by the Reds in the 2nd round of the 1976 amateur draft.
 Householder played his first professional season with their Rookie league Billings Mustangs in , and split his last season between Houston and their Triple-A club, the Tucson Toros, in .
LaTroy Hawkins (born December 21, 1972) is an American former professional baseball relief pitcher.
 In his 21-year Major League Baseball (MLB) career, he played for the Minnesota Twins, Chicago Cubs, San Francisco Giants, Baltimore Orioles, Colorado Rockies, New York Yankees, Houston Astros, Milwaukee Brewers, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, New York Mets, and Toronto Blue Jays.
 At the time of his retirement, Hawkins was the only active player to be a member of the 1,000-games-pitched club, and at 42 years of age, was the oldest active player in MLB.
Cy R. Sneed (born October 1, 1992) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Houston Astros organization.
 Sneed played college baseball at Dallas Baptist University before he was selected by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 2014 Major League Baseball draft.
 The Brewers traded Sneed to the Astros during the 2015–16 offseason.
Jack Thomas Lazorko (born March 30, 1956 in Hoboken, New Jersey) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher.
 He played during five seasons at the major league level for the Milwaukee Brewers, Seattle Mariners, Detroit Tigers and California Angels.
 He was drafted by the Houston Astros in the 11th round of the 1978 amateur draft.
 Lazorko played his first professional season with their Rookie league Gulf Coast Astros and Class A-Advanced Daytona Beach Astros in 1978 , and his last with the New York Mets' Triple-A Norfolk Tides in 1993 .
 He played 20 seasons in national and international baseball, including two years in Milan, Italy, and in the Florida Senior League until 1995.
The Nova Southeastern Sharks are the athletic teams representing Nova Southeastern University in Davie, Florida They currently compete in the Sunshine State Conference.
 The Sunshine State Conference is often considered the ""Conference of Champions"", because of its national recognition.
 Nova Southeastern was originally an NAIA from 1982 until 2002, where they moved into the NCAA and the Sunshine State Conference.
Vernon Christopher Carter (born December 18, 1986) is an American professional baseball first baseman and designated hitter who currently plays for the Oakland Athletics organization.
 He previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Athletics, Houston Astros, Milwaukee Brewers, and New York Yankees.
 In 2016, while playing for the Brewers, Carter led the National League in home runs, along with Colorado Rockies third baseman Nolan Arenado, with 41.
The Milwaukee Brewers' 1998 season was the first season for the franchise as a member of the National League.
 The Brewers finished in fifth in the NL Central, 28 games behind the Houston Astros, with a record of 74 wins and 88 losses.
 Before the 1998 regular season began, two new teams—the Arizona Diamondbacks and Tampa Bay Devil Rays—were added by Major League Baseball.
 This resulted in the American League and National League having fifteen teams.
 However, in order for MLB officials to continue primarily intraleague play, both leagues would need to carry a number of teams that was divisible by two, so the decision was made to move one club from the AL Central to the NL Central.
The Milwaukee Brewers Walk of Fame was established by the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team in 2001 with the opening of Miller Park.
 Although the Milwaukee Brewers do not have an official Hall of Fame, the honor of induction into the Walk is considered to be the equivalent.
 Each member of the Walk is honored with a home plate-shaped granite slab, featuring the member's name and signature, as well as years associated with Milwaukee.
 The slabs are arranged around Miller Park, circling the stadium and culminating with the Hank Aaron and Robin Yount statues in front of the home plate area of the park.
 Through 2015, 17 members of the Milwaukee Brewers have been inducted.
