James Swan (1754 – 31 July 1830) was a colorful personality based in Boston in the 18th and 19th centuries.
 He was a member of the Sons of Liberty and participated in the Boston Tea Party.
 Swan was twice wounded at the Battle of Bunker Hill, he next became secretary of the Massachusetts Board of War and the legislature.
 During the time he held that office, he drew heavily on his private funds to aid the Continental Army, which was then in dire need of funds to arm and equip the soldiers who were arriving in Boston from all parts of New England.
 After the American Revolution Swan privately assumed the entire United States French debts at a slightly higher interest rate.
 Swan then resold these debts at a profit on domestic U.S. markets.
 The United States no longer owed money to foreign governments, although it continued to owe money to private investors both in the United States and in Europe.
 This allowed the young United States to place itself on a sound financial footing.
 On principles of loyalty, he spent 22 years—more than a quarter of his life—in a Paris prison.
Missionary Ridge is a geographic feature in Chattanooga, Tennessee, site of the Battle of Missionary Ridge, a battle in the American Civil War, fought on November 25, 1863.
 Union forces under Maj. Gens.
 Ulysses S. Grant, William T. Sherman, and George H. Thomas routed Confederate forces under General Braxton Bragg and lifted the siege of the city.
The GEOnet Names Server (GNS) provides access to the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency's (NGA) and the U.S. Board on Geographic Names's (BGN) database of geographic feature names and locations for locations outside the United States.
 The database is the official repository of foreign place-name decisions approved by the US BGN.
 Approximately 20,000 of the database's features are updated monthly.
 The database never removes an entry, "except in cases of obvious duplication".
Punta Colonet (Chuwílo Ksaay ("dry arroyo") in the Kiliwa language), 115 km south of Ensenada on Mexican Federal Highway 1, 30 km north of Camalú, Baja California, is one of the most productive agricultural areas in Mexico's Baja California peninsula.
 Technically, it is a geographic feature, a cape, but the area has two communities: "Ejido México" (aka "Ejido Punta Colonet"), and "Ejido 27 de Enero", on opposite sides of the Colonet Creek ("Arroyo Colonet"), part of Ensenada Municipality.
 Its proximity to Mexican Federal Highway 1 and the United States have spurred the growth of large commercial farming in the area.
 Punta Colonet is a beautiful, unspoiled area where orchards and farms run right to the ocean's edge.
 The point, nearby town, bay, and cape are reputedly named after Captain James Colnett, a British sea captain who explored this section of the Pacific coast in the late 18th century.
 There has been tremendous growth in the region over the last five years.
 The population has grown from 2,346 in 2000 Census to 3,278 in 2010 Census for "Ejido Colonet", with "27 de Enero" home to 474 people in 2010.
Otselic is a town in Chenango County, New York, United States, situated on the north border of Chenango County, northwest of the city of Norwich.
 The population of the town was 1,054 at the 2010 census.
 The town is named after a river flowing through it, the Otselic, which is an Oneida word for "place of wild plums".
 The Otselic valley is the predominant geographic feature in the town, connecting it to the surrounding region north and south.
Point Heathcote (Goolugatup in  Noongar ) is a geographic feature located on the south east part of Melville Water on Swan River.
Cemetery Ridge is a geographic feature in Gettysburg National Military Park, south of the town of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, that figured prominently in the Battle of Gettysburg, July 1 to July 3, 1863.
 It formed a primary defensive position for the Union Army during the battle, roughly the center of what is popularly known as the "fish-hook" line.
 The Confederate army launched attacks on the Union positions on the second and third days of the battle, but were driven back both times.
Swan's Island is an island town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.
 It is named after Colonel James Swan of Fife, Scotland, who purchased the island and some surrounding areas and organized their colonization in the eighteenth century.
 The population was 332 at the 2010 census.
 The town is accessible by ferry from Bass Harbor.
The Swan Coastal Plain in Western Australia is the geographic feature which contains the Swan River as it travels west to the Indian Ocean.
 The coastal plain continues well beyond the boundaries of the Swan River and its tributaries, as a geological and biological zone, one of Western Australia's Interim Biogeographic Regionalisation for Australia (IBRA) regions.
 It is also one of the distinct physiographic provinces of the larger West Australian Shield division.
Kings Mountain is an unincorporated community in San Mateo County, California, located along State Route 35 (Skyline Boulevard) between Skeggs Point and Pise Mountain.
 This is about seven miles (11 km) north of Woodside Road (SR84).
 In the U.S. Geological Survey, National Geographic Names Database, the area is identified only as a geographic feature of type "summit" and not as a populated place.
 The community is inside area code 650 and uses the Woodside ZIP Code 94062.
