The Sri Lankan sambar deer ("Rusa unicolor unicolor") is a subspecies of sambar deer that lives in Sri Lanka.
 This subspecies is one of the largest sambar deer species with the largest antlers both in size and in body proportions.
 Large males weight up to 270–280 kg.
 Sri Lankan sambar live in lowland dry forests and mountain forests.
 Large herds of sambar deer roam the Horton Plains National Park, where it is the most common large mammal.
The Alpine musk deer ("Moschus chrysogaster") is a musk deer species native to the eastern Himalayas in Nepal, Bhutan and India to the highlands of central China.
The White-bellied musk deer or Himalayan musk deer ("Moschus leucogaster") is a musk deer species occurring in the Himalayas of Nepal, Bhutan, India, Pakistan and China.
 It is listed as endangered by the IUCN because of overexploitation resulting in a probable serious population decline.
The moose (North America) or elk (Eurasia), "Alces alces", is the largest extant species in the deer family.
 Moose are distinguished by the broad, flat (or "palmate") antlers of the males; other members of the family have antlers with a dendritic ("twig-like") configuration.
 Moose typically inhabit boreal forests and temperate broadleaf and mixed forests of the Northern Hemisphere in temperate to subarctic climates. Hunting and other human activities have caused a reduction in the size of the moose's range over time.
 Moose have been reintroduced to some of their former habitats.
 Currently, most moose are found in Canada, Alaska, New England, Fennoscandia, Baltic States, and Russia.
 Their diet consists of both terrestrial and aquatic vegetation.
 The most common moose predators are the gray wolf along with bears and humans. Unlike most other deer species, moose are solitary animals and do not form herds.
 Although generally slow-moving and sedentary, moose can become aggressive and move quickly if angered or startled.
 Their mating season in the autumn features energetic fights between males competing for a female.
The red deer ("Cervus elaphus") is one of the largest deer species.
 The red deer inhabits most of Europe, the Caucasus Mountains region, Asia Minor, Iran, parts of western Asia, and central Asia.
 It also inhabits the Atlas Mountains region between Morocco and Tunisia in northwestern Africa, being the only species of deer to inhabit Africa.
 Red deer have been introduced to other areas, including Australia, New Zealand, United States, Canada, Peru, Uruguay, Chile and Argentina.
 In many parts of the world, the meat (venison) from red deer is used as a food source.
The Visayan spotted deer ("Rusa alfredi"), also known as the Philippine spotted deer, is a nocturnal and endangered species of deer located primarily in the rainforests of the Visayan islands of Panay and Negros though it once roamed other islands such as Cebu, Guimaras, Leyte, Masbate, and Samar.
 It is one of three endemic deer species in the Philippines, although it was not recognized as a separate species until 1983.
 An estimated 2,500 mature individuals survived worldwide as of 1996, according to the IUCN, although it is uncertain of how many of them still survive in the wild.
 The diet of the deer, which consists of a variety of different types of grasses, leaves, and buds within the forest, is the primary indicator of its habitat.
 Since 1991 the range of the species has severely decreased and is now almost co-extensive with that of the Visayan warty pig.
The Forests of Mara and Mondrem were adjacent medieval forests in Cheshire, England, which in the 11th century extended to over 60 sqmi , stretching from the Mersey in the north almost to Nantwich in the south, and from the Gowy in the west to the Weaver in the east.
 Mara and Mondrem were a hunting forest of the Norman Earls of Chester, established soon after 1071 by the first earl, Hugh d'Avranches.
 They might earlier have been an Anglo-Saxon hunting forest.
 Game included wild boar, and red, fallow and roe deer.
The marsh deer ("Blastocerus dichotomus") is the largest deer species from South America reaching a length of 2 m and a shoulder height of 1.2 m .
 It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Brazil, Uruguay and Paraguay.
 Formerly found in much of tropical and subtropical South America, it ranged east of the Andes, south from the Amazon rainforest, west of the Brazilian Atlantic rainforest and north of the Argentinian Pampa.
 Today it is largely reduced to isolated populations at marsh and lagoon zones in the Paraná, Paraguay, Araguaia and Guapore river basins.
 Small populations also occur in the southern Amazon, including Peru where protected in Bahuaja-Sonene National Park.
 It is listed as a vulnerable species by the IUCN and on CITES Appendix I.
The Indian muntjac ("Muntiacus muntjak"), also called red muntjac and barking deer, is a common muntjac deer species in South and Southeast Asia.
 It is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
Dafeng () is a coastal district under the administration of Yancheng, Jiangsu province, China.
 Located on the Jiangsu North Plain with a coastline of 112 km , Dafeng was historically one of the largest salt-making areas in China and now is famed for its well preserved eco-system and numerous national conservation parks.
 The district has the largest national nature reserve for a rare deer species, Père David's Deer or Milu (麋鹿 ) in Chinese.
 It borders the prefecture-level city of Taizhou to the southwest.
