The Olivarez College Sea Lions is the collegiate men's varsity basketball team of Olivarez College - Parañaque.
 It plays in the NCR-UCL Athletic Association (NCR-UCLAA) in the Philippines.
 The collegiate women's varsity basketball team is called the "Lady Sea Lions", while the high school varsity basketball team is called the "Junior Sea Lions".
Mike DiNunno (born January 29, 1990) is an American-Italian professional basketball player for the Cheshire Phoenix, playing the point guard position.
 Born in Maywood, Illinois, he played high school basketball at Lake Park and Von Steuben.
 Initially, he committed to Northern Illinois to play college basketball, where he received MAC All-Freshman team honors.
 After two seasons, he transferred to Eastern Kentucky.
 DiNunno was named in the OVC All-Newcomer team in his junior season and first team all-OVC in his senior season at Eastern Kentucky.
 Following his graduation, he has played professionally in several leagues in Europe.
Raptors 905 are a Canadian professional basketball team in the NBA G League.
 The team is based in Mississauga, Ontario, and began play in the 2015–16 season.
 The club, which is the G League affiliate of the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association, plays their home games at the Hershey Centre, replacing the Centre's former basketball tenant, the Mississauga Power of the National Basketball League of Canada.
 The team also plays occasional home games at the Air Canada Centre, the home of their parent club.
 Raptors 905 were the eighth D-League team to be owned by an NBA team and the first to be based outside the United States.
The San Beda Red Lions is the collegiate varsity basketball team of San Beda College that plays in the NCAA.
 The juniors basketball team is called the Red Cubs of San Beda College-Rizal, while the women's varsity basketball team is called the Red Lionesses.
 The latter plays in the Women's National Collegiate Athletic Association.
Al Wakrah Basketball Team (Arabic: فريق كرة السلة الوكرة‎ ‎ ) is a Qatari professional basketball team based in the city of Al Wakrah, in southern Qatar.
 Al Wakrah's basketball team currently competes in the top tier of basketball, the Qatari Basketball League.
 It is part of the Al-Wakrah Sport Club multisport club.
The Central Missouri Mules basketball team represents the University of Central Missouri in Warrensburg, Missouri, in the NCAA Division II men's basketball competition (the school's women's basketball team is known as the "Jennies").
 The team is currently coached by Doug Karleskint, who replaced Kim Anderson after leaving to become head coach at the University of Missouri.
 The Mules currently compete and are one of two founding members of the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association (MIAA).
 The basketball team plays its home games in the Multipurpose Building on campus.
The Ateneo Blue Eagles is the collegiate men's varsity team of the Ateneo de Manila University that plays in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP), the premiere collegiate league in the Philippines.
 The collegiate women's varsity basketball team is called the "Lady Eagles" while the high school varsity basketball team is called the "Blue Eaglets".
 The Ateneo collegiate men's varsity basketball team was not always called the Blue Eagles.
 It got the name Blue Eagles when Ateneo adopted the "Eagle" as its mascot in 1938.
 Prior to that, from 1914 it was known under different names.
The Robert Morris Colonials men's basketball team is the basketball team that represents Robert Morris University in Moon Township, Pennsylvania, United States.
 The school's team currently competes in the Northeast Conference.
 The team's most recent appearance in the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was in 2015, where the Colonials beat North Florida in the First Four, but then suffered a loss to #1 seeded Duke (the eventual national champion) by a score of 56-85 in the Round of 64.
 Five years earlier, in the 2010 NCAA Tournament, the 15 seed Colonials nearly upset Villanova in the first round before losing in overtime.
 After three years in charge and 73 wins, head coach Mike Rice Jr. left the program to take the head coaching job at Rutgers.
 After a short search, Robert Morris hired Rice's associate head coach, Andrew Toole, as the program's head coach.
 The team is also known for its upset over #1 seeded (and 2012 national champion) Kentucky at the buzzer in the opening round of the 2013 National Invitation Tournament, and another upset over traditional Big East Conference powerhouse St. John's in the opening round of the 2014 NIT.
 However, in both cases, the Colonials went on to lose in the second round.
The 2008 Olympics U.S. Men's Basketball Team represented the United States of America at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
 They qualified for the Olympics by winning the FIBA American Championships 2007 held in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The team was nicknamed the "Redeem Team", a play on an alternative name for the legendary 1992 squad that was called the "Dream Team", and a reference to the fact that the United States came away with disappointing Bronze Medals during the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2006 FIBA World Championship.
 Kobe Bryant was named the team captain and Mike Krzyzewski was named the head coach of the 2008 Olympics U.S. Men's Basketball Team.
 LeBron James, often named the vocal leader of the team, stated in a feature with "TIME" magazine: "It's the gold, or it's failure."
 An ESPN program, "Road to Redemption", followed the team's preparations.
Al Sadd Basketball Team (Arabic: فريق السد لكرة السلة‎ ‎ ) is a Qatari professional basketball team based in Doha, Qatar.
 Al Sadd Basketball Team is a branch of Sadd Sports Club, which is the most successful team in all of Qatar, with many domestic and international titles, including 2 AFC Champions League victories for the football team, and 5 AFC Champions League titles for its handball team.
