In 1984, the International Organization for Succulent Plant Study set up a working party, now called the International Cactaceae Systematics Group, to produce a consensus classification of the cactus family, down to the level of genus.
 Their classification has been used as the basis for systems published since the mid-1990s.
 Treatments in the 21st century have generally divided the family into around 125–130 genera and 1,400–1,500 species, which are then arranged in a number of tribes and subfamilies.
 However, subsequent molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that a very high proportion of the higher taxa (genera, tribes and subfamilies) are not monophyletic, i.e. they do not contain all of the descendants of a common ancestor.
 , the internal classification of the family Cactaceae remained uncertain and subject to change.
 A classification incorporating many of the insights from the molecular studies was produced by Nyffeler and Eggli in 2010.
The list of cloud types is a summarisation of the modern systems of cloud classification used in the troposphere, stratosphere, and mesosphere.
 The ten basic genus-types in the troposphere have Latin names derived from five physical "forms".
 These are, in approximate ascending order of instability or convective activity: "stratiform" sheets; "cirriform" wisps and patches; "stratocumuliform" patches, rolls, and ripples; "cumuliform" heaps and tufts, and "cumulonimbiform" towers that often have complex structures.
 The forms are cross-classified by altitude range or level into ten basic genus types.
 Most genera are divided into "species", some of which are common to more than one genus.
 Most genera and species can be subdivided into "varieties", also with Latin names, some of which are common to more than one genus or species.
 The essentials of the modern nomenclature system for tropospheric clouds were proposed by Luke Howard, a British manufacturing chemist and an amateur meteorologist with broad interests in science, in an 1802 presentation to the Askesian Society.
 Since 1890, clouds have been classified and illustrated in cloud atlases.
 Mesospheric and stratospheric clouds have their own classifications with common names for the major types and alpha-numeric nomenclature for the subtypes.
There are around 233 species in the genus "Utricularia", belonging to the Bladderwort family (Lentibulariaceae).
 It is the largest genus of carnivorous plants and has a worldwide distribution, being absent only from Antarctica and the oceanic islands.
 This genus was considered to have 250 species until Peter Taylor reduced the number to 214 in his exhaustive study, "The genus Utricularia - a taxonomic monograph", published by HMSO (1989).
 Taylor's classification is generally accepted, though his division of the genus in two subgenera was soon seen as obsolete.
 Molecular genetic studies have mostly confirmed Taylor's sections with some modifications (Jobson et al., 2003), but reinstalled the division of the genus in three subgenera.
 This list follows the subgeneric classification "sensu" Müller & Borsch (2005), updated with new information in Müller et al. (2006).
Ardipithecus kadabba is the scientific classification given to fossil remains "known only from teeth and bits and pieces of skeletal bones," originally estimated to be 5.8 to 5.2 million years old, and later revised to 5.77 to 5.54 million years.
 According to the first description, these fossils are close to the common ancestor of chimps and humans.
 Their development lines are estimated to have parted 6.5–5.5 million years ago.
 It has been described as a "probable chronospecies" (i.e. ancestor) of "A. ramidus".
 Although originally considered a subspecies of "A. ramidus", in 2004 anthropologists Yohannes Haile-Selassie, Gen Suwa, and Tim D. White published an article elevating "A. kadabba" to species level on the basis of newly discovered teeth from Ethiopia.
 These teeth show "primitive morphology and wear pattern" which demonstrate that "A. kadabba" is a distinct species from "A. ramidus".
Prehypertension, also known as high normal blood pressure, is an American medical classification for cases where a person's blood pressure is elevated above normal, but not to the level considered hypertension (high blood pressure).
 Prehypertension is blood pressure readings with a systolic pressure from 120 to 139 mm Hg or a diastolic pressure from 80 to 89 mm Hg.
 Readings greater than or equal to 140/90 mm Hg are considered hypertension.
 Classification of blood pressure is based upon two or more readings at two or more separate occasions separated by at least one week.
 The seventh report of the Joint National Committee (JNC 7) proposed the new labeling for elevated blood pressure values below 140/90 to more accurately communicate the tendency of blood pressure to rise with age.
The coast horned lizard ("Phrynosoma coronatum") is a species of phrynosomatid lizard which can be found in Baja California Sur.
 The old classification included all three current species "P. blainvillii", "P. cerroense", and "P. coronatum" as a single species ("P. coronatum") ranging from Baja California north to California's Sacramento Valley.
 It was previously considered to be a widely divergent species with over 6 subspecies in their relatively small range but is now classified as three distinct species.
 As a defense the lizard can shoot high pressure streams of blood out of its eyes if threatened.
Aceria clianthi is a species of mite belonging to the family Eriophyidae.
 It is found only in New Zealand.
 It is notable for being host specific to threatened plants of the genus "Clianthus".
 It is classified by Buckley "et al." as "nationally critical" under the New Zealand Threat Classification System.
 They stated ""Aceria clianthi" (Eriophyidae), has been recorded only from kakabeak ("Clianthus" spp.)
 in cultivation and once on "Lotus cornalatus" ["Lotus corniculatus"] (Fabaceae), an introduced plant growing near kakabeak (Martin 2009).
 It is given the same threat classification as kakabeak (de Lange et al. 2009)."
 Heenan had earlier stated that "the two species [of "Clianthus"] are considered to be threatened, with "C. maximus" having a rank of vulnerable, whereas "C. puniceus" is critically endangered", but the conservation status of "C. maximus" was subsequently found to be more serious.
 These threat classifications for "Clianthus" apply to plants in the wild, but the species are widely cultivated.
 "Aceria clianthi" occurs on both plants in the wild and in cultivation.
Polynucleobacter asymbioticus is a aerobic, catalase- and oxidase-positive, chemo-organotrophic, nonmotile, free-living bacterium of the genus "Polynucleobacter".
 The type strain was isolated from a small pond located in the Austrian Alps in the area of Salzburg and described as a new subspecies of "Polynucleobacter necessarius" in 2009.
 The classification of the type strain was hampered by the fact that its closest described relative represented obligate endosymbionts, i.e. "P. necessarius", not available as a pure culture suitable for standard tests (DNA-DNA hybridization experiments) for delineation of prokaryotic species.
 Therefore, the strain was preliminarily placed in the subspecies "P. necessarius" subsp.
 "asymbioticus".
 Later sequencing of the genome of the type strain revealed that the strain represented a novel species within the genus "Polynucleobacter".
 Therefore, its taxonomic rank was lifted from the subspecies to the species level.
 Strains of "P. asymbioticus" dwell as planktonic organisms in acidic, humic-rich freshwater systems.
 Comparative genome analyses revealed that "P. asymbioticus" represents an atypical member of the family "Burkholderiaceae" regarding its small genome size and its passive lifestyle.
 A recent study used a collection of 37 "P. asymbioticus" strains isolated from various ponds located in a larger region of the Austrian Alps to gain insights in the evolution of "Polynucleobacter" bacteria.
Asiatosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodyloid crocodilians that lived in Eurasia during the Paleogene.
 Many Paleogene crocodilians from Europe and Asia have been attributed to "Asiatosuchus" since the genus was named in 1940.
 These species have a generalized crocodilian morphology typified by flat, triangular skulls.
 The feature that traditionally united these species under the genus "Asiatosuchus" is a broad connection or symphysis between the two halves of the lower jaw.
 Recent studies of the evolutionary relationships of early crocodilians along with closer examinations of the morphology of fossil specimens suggest that only the first named species of "Asiatosuchus", "A. grangeri" from the Eocene of Mongolia, belongs in the genus.
 Most species are now regarded as "nomina dubia" or "dubious names", meaning that their type specimens lack the unique anatomical features necessary to justify their classification as distinct species.
 Other species such as ""A." germanicus" and ""A." depressifrons" are still considered valid species, but they do not form an evolutionary grouping with "A. grangeri" that would warrant them being placed together in the genus "Asiatosuchus".
Vegetation classification is the process of classifying and mapping the vegetation over an area of the earth's surface.
 Vegetation classification is often performed by state based agencies as part of land use, resource and environmental management.
 Many different methods of vegetation classification have been used.
 In general, there has been a shift from structural classification used by forestry for the mapping of timber resources, to floristic community mapping for biodiversity management.
 Whereas older forestry-based schemes considered factors such as height, species and density of the woody canopy, floristic community mapping shifts the emphasis onto ecological factors such as climate, soil type and floristic associations.
 Classification mapping is usually now done using Geographic Information Systems (GIS) software.
