Foncière des Régions (] ) is a holding company of real estate investment (REIT) companies that own residential and commercial properties in 8 countries (mostly Europe).
 Its business comes from the rental and leasing of properties (including hotels and car lots) over 70% of which is office space in France and Italy (in 2009 vacancy rates were at 5.3% in France, in other major markets like Rome, Italy rental income was lower because office space use was halved).
 Its biggest clients are major companies the largest of which is France Telecom which rented half of Fonciere's office space in France (about 1 million m (though its share of rental income was 51% in 2009 compared to 60% in 2008).
 Other major customers are Telecom Italia and Electricite de France and IBM.
 The company has a 15% interest in France's biggest business park developer, Altarea SCA.
 Most properties are under its control however there are also about 60 properties that it has a minor stake in (interests in them range from 25 to 38 percent).
 Widely recognized properties include one of France's tallest skyscrapers Tour Gan (also known as CB21) and in Paris.
Pillow Homes, Inc. operates pillowhomes.com, a hospitality and management service for vacation rentals on Airbnb, HomeAway, VRBO, Booking.com, and other online short term rental marketplaces.
 The company services short term and vacation rental properties in San Francisco, Los Angeles, San Diego, and Seattle areas.
The Gallery at South DeKalb, formerly "South DeKalb Mall", is a shopping mall owned by Thor Equities.
 It is located at the intersection of Candler Road and Interstate 20 in the Panthersville CDP of DeKalb County, Georgia.
Landlords' insurance is an insurance policy that covers a property owner from financial losses connected with rental properties.
 The policy covers the building, with the option of insuring any contents that belong to the landlord that are inside.
 Landlords' insurance is often referred to as buy-to-let insurance, however buy-to-let insurance is a type of landlords' insurance.
 It is important to distinguish between buy-to-let insurance which generally covers one property that has been purchased with a buy-to-let mortgage, and multi-property insurance, which covers two or more properties.
 Each of these types of landlords' insurance covers different things.
 Landlord insurance is separate from landlords' emergency cover.
Energy Performance Certificates (EPCs) were introduced in England and Wales on 1 August 2007 as part of Home Information Packs (HIPs) for domestic properties with four or more bedrooms.
 Over time this requirement was extended to smaller properties.
 When the requirement for HIPs was removed in May 2010, the requirement for EPCs continued.
 The scheme for HIPs was extended to encompass three bedroom homes from 10 September 2007.
 Rental properties, which have a certificate valid for 10 years, required on a new tenancy commencing on or after 1 October 2008.
 They are a result of European Union Directive 2002/91/EC relating to the energy performance of buildings, as transposed into British law by the Housing Act 2004 and The Energy Performance of Buildings (Certificates and Inspections) (England and Wales) Regulations 2007 (S.I. 2007/991).
CocoWalk is an upscale lifestyle center in the Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami, Florida.
 The center houses over thirty stores and services, including a movie theater, shops, and multiple restaurants.
 Subsequently renamed "The Gallery at CocoWalk" by its former owners, Thor Equities, the mall is currently owned by PMAT Real Estate Investments, L. L. C.
Joseph J. Sitt (born 1964) is an American real estate investor, founder of the retail chain Ashley Stewart, and founder of global real estate company Thor Equities.
The Park-to-Park Residential Historic District in Fort Madison, Iowa, United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
 The historic district is located to the north of the Downtown Commercial Historic District, generally between Central Park on the west and Old Settler's Park on the east.
 Both parks are contributing sites.
 For the most part the district is made up of single family homes built in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Some of these homes were built as rental properties, while others became so in later years.
 The Albright House and the Chief Justice Joseph M. Beck House are contributing properties, and they are also individually listed on the National Register.
 There are also duplexes and a few small scale apartment buildings in the district.
Thor Equities is a real estate development, leasing and management firm, with headquarters in New York City, London and Mexico City.
 Thor Equities owns property in the United States, Canada, Europe, Russia, India and Latin America, including London’s historic Burlington Arcade and the Palmer House Hilton.
 In New York City, Thor owns retail, office and residential properties on Fifth Avenue and Madison Avenue as well as in SoHo, Flatiron, the Meatpacking District, and Brooklyn including Coney Island.
 Thor also has investments in major U.S. cities including San Francisco’s Union Square; Georgetown in Washington, D.C.; Robertson Boulevard in West Hollywood; Collins Avenue; Lincoln Road; Wynwood and the Design District in Miami.
 Thor offers investment vehicles for institutional investors through its Thor Urban Property Funds.
 Thor Equities also has several subsidiary companies including retail advisory and tenant representation firm Thor Retail Advisors.
TurnKey Vacation Rentals is a property management services company that offers services for short-term vacation rentals.
 The company developed a rental property management web application that allows homeowners to monitor and offer services to their short-term rental properties.
 Their website also allows guests to book a home at properties in cities like Austin, Texas; Santa Barbara, California; Seattle, Washington; and others.
 The company was founded in 2012 by former Hotwire.com and HomeAway executives.
