Tessa de Josselin (born 13 April 1989) is an Australian actress.
 She left her job as an environmental planner to pursue a career in acting.
 Shortly after joining an acting agency, de Josselin appeared in an episode of "Tricky Business" and was cast as Samantha "Sam" Hazelton in children's drama "In Your Dreams".
 In 2015, de Josselin appeared as Macy in "Ready for This" and Anna Conigrave in the feature film "Holding the Man".
 From April 2015, de Josselin began starring in the long-running soap opera "Home and Away" as Billie Ashford.
 She departed the cast in 2016 and her last scenes aired in February 2017.
Ashleigh May Brewer (born 9 December 1990) is an Australian actress.
 She had a recurring role in "The Sleepover Club", before she joined the cast of "".
 Brewer played the role of Kate Ramsay in the long-running Australian soap opera "Neighbours" from 2009 until 2014.
 She currently portrays the role of Ivy Forrester on the CBS Daytime soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful".
Prachi Sinha is an Indian model and actress.
 She is best known for playing the role of "Vardaan" in the popular television soap opera "Vishkanya" on Zee TV.
 She was also cast in the film "Angry Young Man".
Alin Sumarwata is an Australian actress.
 She is best known for her role in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours" as Vanessa Villante.
 She has also starred in series 2 of the critically acclaimed "East West 101" and played the role of May Stone in soap opera "Home and Away".
Jayne Bentzen (born August 8, 1955 in Evansville, Indiana) is an American actress and former model, best known for her role as "Nicole Travis Drake Cavanaugh" on the soap opera "The Edge of Night", a role she assumed in 1978 after the departure of actress Maeve McGuire.
 Bentzen continued in the role until the summer of 1981.
 She also cast as the role of Julie in a film called "Blood Rage" in 1987.
Focus is a 2015 American romantic crime comedy-drama film written and directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa, starring Will Smith, Margot Robbie, and Rodrigo Santoro.
 The film was released on February 27, 2015 and received mixed reviews from critics but was a success at the box office, grossing a total of $159 million off its $50 million budget.
Antoinette Byron is an Australian actress best known for such television series as "Women in Prison", "Melrose Place", and for portraying the characters Skye Chandler on the soap opera "All My Children" and the role of Natalie Nash on the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", Byron was cast in the role of Nash and debuted in the 1999 season premiere.
Vanessa Bell Calloway (born March 20, 1957) is an American actress and dancer.
 Beginning her career as a dancer, Bell Calloway is perhaps best known for her role as Princess Imani Izzi (Eddie Murphy's arranged wife) in the 1988 comedy "Coming to America".
 In the following years, Bell Calloway appeared in "What's Love Got to Do with It" (1993), "The Inkwell" (1994), "Crimson Tide" (1995), and "Daylight" (1996).
 Bell Calloway had several starring roles on television series and movies, include first African American prime time soap opera, "Under One Roof" (1995).
 In recent years, she had the recurring roles on "Hawthorne" and "Shameless".
 In 2016, she appeared in comedy-drama film "Southside with You", and began starring as Lady Ella Johnson in the Bounce TV prime time soap opera, "Saints & Sinners".
 Bell Calloway is an eight-time NAACP Image Award nominee.
Wendy Strehlow (1 July, c. 1958) is an Australian actress, particularly in soap opera and theatre, she has appeared in numerous TV series and tele-dramas but is probably best known for her role as the much loved nurse sister Judy Loveday in the television soap opera "A Country Practice", from 1981- 1986, for which she won a Logie Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1985.
 From mid-2005 to 2008, she played the role of Paramedic Lorraine Tanner in the Seven Network medical drama "All Saints".
Australian actress Nicole Kidman made her film debut in the drama remake "Bush Christmas" in 1983.
 Four years later, she starred in the television miniseries "Vietnam", for which she received the Best Performance by an Actress in a Mini Series award from the Australian Film Institute.
 Kidman's breakthrough role was in the 1989 thriller "Dead Calm"; her performance as a married woman trapped on a yacht with a psychopathic murderer earned critical acclaim and international recognition.
 She followed this with her Hollywood debut opposite Tom Cruise in Tony Scott's auto-racing film "Days of Thunder" (1990).
 Her role as a homicidal weather forecaster in Gus Van Sant's crime comedy-drama "To Die For" garnered Kidman a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Comedy or Musical in 1996.
 She worked with Cruise again on Stanley Kubrick's erotic thriller "Eyes Wide Shut" in 1999.
