The North American Versatile Hunting Dog Association was founded 1969 in Goodwood, Ontario, Canada by a group of pudelpointer and griffon enthusiasts.
 Presently based in Arlington Heights, Illinois, NAVHDA "is a nonprofit corporation whose purpose is to foster, promote, and improve the versatile hunting dog breeds in North America; to conserve game by using well trained reliable hunting dogs before and after the shot; and to aid in the prevention of cruelty to animals by discouraging nonselective and uncontrolled breeding, which produces unwanted and uncared for dogs."
 The group has chapters in most states of the U.S. and provinces of Canada which sponsor training and testing programs.
A frizzle refers to a plumage pattern in domesticated chickens ("Gallus gallus domesticus") characterized by feathers that curl outwards, rather than lying flat as in most chickens.
 The frizzle type is not a separate breed, but a variety within breeds.
 Though all breeds of chickens may be frizzled; it is most commonly seen in breeds such as the Cochin, Pekin, and Polish.
 Chickens with this pattern are sometimes referred to as frizzles.
 The gene which causes the frizzles' peculiar feathering is a dominant trait.
 As a result of its unusual look, frizzles are primarily used as exhibition birds, and are included in most English language poultry standards.
Griffon is a type of dog - a collection of breeds that were originally hunting dogs.
 There are three lines of the griffon type recognized by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI): the griffon vendéens, the wirehaired pointers, and the "smousje" (Belgian companion dogs or Dutch Smoushond).
 The griffon type is characterized by rough or wire-hair.
Griffon is a collection of dog breeds that were originally hunting dogs.
Rare breed (dog) is any breed of dog that is small in number and is used to refer to both old established breeds such as the Stabyhoun and Glen of Imaal Terrier or newer creations.
 Since dogs have greater genetic variability than other domesticated animals the number of possible breeds is vast with new crosses constantly occurring, from these both selected and random crosses may come new breeds should offspring reliably breed true to type.
 New breeds from the wild such as the Carolina Dog are quite rare compared to attempts at breed creation from man as found in the American Hairless Terrier which sought to exploit a mutation.
The Griffon Bruxellois or Brussels Griffon is a breed of toy dog, named for their city of origin: Brussels, Belgium.
 The Griffon Bruxellois may refer to three different breeds, the Griffon Bruxellois, the Griffon Belge and the Petit Brabançon.
 Identical in standard except for coat and colour differences, in some standards they are considered varieties of the same breed, much like Belgian Shepherd Dogs.
Feathering or feather is the long hair on the lower legs and fetlocks of some breeds of horse and pony.
 On some horses, especially draft breeds, the hair can almost cover the hooves.
 While nearly all horses will grow longer hair on the lower legs and back of the fetlocks at times, particularly in the winter, "feather" refers to the particularly long, luxuriant growth that is characteristic of certain breeds.
Chiari-like malformation (CM) is the most common cause of foramen magnum obstruction and syringomyelia in dogs.
 Syringomyelia (SM) is a disease of the spinal cord typified by fluid filled cavities, or syrinxes, within the spinal cord substance.
 The disease is caused by the obstruction of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), in the nervous system.
 A situation of high pressure in the spinal cord compared to low pressure outside, leads to fluid accumulation, which eventually forms cavities.
 CM is a condition characterized by the mismatch of size between the brain and the skull.
 The skull is too small causing part of the brain to descend out of the skull through the opening at its base, crowding the spinal cord.
 The cause of CM is not yet fully understood.
 CM is rare in most breeds but reportedly has become very widespread in the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel and the Griffon Bruxellois (Brussels Griffon).
 Some researchers estimate that as many as 95% of CKCSs may have CM.
 It is worldwide in scope and not limited to any country, breeding line, or kennel, and experts report that it is believed to be inherited in the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.
 CM is so widespread in the Cavalier that it may be an inherent part of the CKCS's breed standard.
 This disease not only affects thousands of dogs, but a similar condition affects over three hundred thousand children yearly.
 Therefore, canines are an appropriate model for the treatment of the human condition.
Finncattle refers to three closely related cattle breeds of Finnish origin.
 Finncattle is most often kept for dairy production, and some animals are found in petting zoos and as pets.
 The Finncattle breeds are of small size and naturally polled, however they differ in appearance and production levels.
 The Western Finncattle is red, and the largest of the three breeds.
 The North Finnish cattle variety are white, the West Finnish are red, while the East Finnish are both white and red.
The Stabyhoun or Stabij is one of the top five rarest dog breeds in the world.
 It is from Friesland and in particular from the Frisian forest area, a region in the southeast and east of Friesland.
 The breed has been mentioned in Dutch literature going back to the early 1800s, but has only extended its range from the 1960s outside of Friesland and not until the 2000s did the range officially extend beyond the Netherlands.
 The name Stabij translates roughly as "stand by me" with the last part simply Frisian, meaning dog, which is pronounced "hoon".
 The dog is considered a Dutch national treasure.
 There are only a few thousand Stabyhouns in existence today worldwide.
