Cyclophiops is a genus of colubrid snakes (subfamily Colubrinae) commonly called green snakes.
 They are found in South, Southeast and East Asia, from Assam to the Ryukyu Islands; two species are endemic to the Ryukyu Islands.
The Okinawa diet describes the eating habits of the indigenous people of the Ryukyu Islands (belonging to Japan), which is believed to cause their exceptional longevity.
 It is also the name of a weight-loss diet based on this.
Qixingyan or Chihsingyen () is a group of coral islands in the Bashi Channel, located off the southern coast of Pingtung County, Taiwan.
 The island group is composed by seven coral reefs.
 At low tide seven reefs are visible.
 At high tide only two reefs are visible.
 Qixingyan is shaped like the Big Dipper, hence the name "Seven Star Reef".
 It is about 8 nmi from the southernmost point of Taiwan, Eluanbi.
 Due to strong currents and shoals in the area, many ships were wrecked and lives lost in the early to mid-19th century after the Qing court opened trade between the West and China.
 Notable shipwrecks include the 1867 US merchant ship "Rover" that resulted in the Rover incident and the 1871 Japanese merchant vessel "Ryukyu" which resulted in the Mudan incident.
Kadsura japonica, commonly known as the kadsura vine or simply kadsura, is a plant species native to Japan (Honshū, Kyūshū and the Ryukyu Islands) in woodlands..
 The larvae of the moth "Caloptilia kadsurae" feed on "K. japonica" in the main Japanese islands and Ryukyu Islands.
The Mudan incident of 1871 was the massacre of 54 Ryūkyūan sailors in Qing-era Taiwan who wandered into the central part of Taiwan after their ship was shipwrecked.
 12 men were rescued by Han Chinese and were transferred to Miyako.
 Japan sent a military force to Taiwan in the Taiwan Expedition of 1874 in retaliation for the murdered Ryukyuan sailors, in retailiation for what Japan viewed as the murder of their citizens by rebellious aboriginal peoples out of the control but in the dominion of the failing Qing dynasty.
The Japanese punitive expedition to Taiwan in 1874, referred to in Japan as the Taiwan Expedition (Japanese: 台湾出兵 , Hepburn: Taiwan Shuppei ) and in Taiwan and mainland China as the Mudan incident (), was a punitive expedition launched by the Japanese in retaliation for the murder of 54 Ryukyuan sailors by Paiwan aborigines near the southwestern tip of Taiwan in December 1871.
 The success of the expedition, which marked the first overseas deployment of the Imperial Japanese Army and Imperial Japanese Navy, revealed the fragility of the Qing dynasty's hold on Taiwan and encouraged further Japanese adventurism.
 Diplomatically, Japan's embroilment with China in 1874 was eventually resolved by a British arbitration under which Qing China agreed to compensate Japan for property damage.
 Some ambiguous wording in the agreed terms were later argued by Japan to be confirmation of Chinese renunciation of suzerainty over the Ryukyu Islands, paving the way for "de facto" Japanese incorporation of Ryukyu in 1879.
The Ryukyu arc (琉球弧 , Ryūkyū-ko ) is a volcanic island arc system of Japan's triple junction formed by the subduction of the Philippine Sea Plate beneath the Eurasian Plate between Ryukyu Trench to the south-east and the Okinawa Trough to north-west.
 It comprises the entirety of the Ryukyu Islands chain.
 The Ryukyu and Southwest Honshu arcs together form the southwest trending arm of the Boso Triple Junction.
The 1998 Ryukyu Islands earthquake (石垣島南方沖地震 , Ishigakijima nanpō-oki jishin ) occurred on May 4, 1998, at 08:30 local time (UTC+9) (on May 3 at 23:30 UTC) in the Philippine Sea region with M 7.5 (USGS) and M7.7 (JMA).
 The epicenter was 260 km from Ishigaki Island, Japan, 400 km from Basco, Philippines, and 425 km from Hualian, Taiwan.
 A small local tsunami of 4 cm was observed on Miyako.
 The earthquake was felt in the Ryukyu Islands and in parts of eastern Taiwan.
 The highest intensity was shindo 3 recorded on Yonaguni, Ishigaki, and Miyako.
 In 1999, the former Japan Marine Science and Technology Center (海洋科学技術センター) (Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology (JAMSTEC) (海洋研究開発機構) after 2004) conducted an investigation in the region of the source of this earthquake.
The Government of the Ryukyu Islands (琉球政府 , Ryūkyū Seifu ) was the self-government of native Okinawans during the American occupation of Okinawa.
 It was created by proclamation of the United States Civil Administration of the Ryukyu Islands (USCAR) on April 1, 1952 and was abolished on May 14, 1972 when Okinawa was returned to Japan.
 The government consisted of an executive branch, a legislative branch, and a judicial branch.
 Members of legislature were elected.
 The legislature made its own laws, and often had conflicts with USCAR, who could overrule their decisions.
Juniperus lutchuensis (Ryukyu Islands juniper; Japanese: オキナワハイネズ "Okinawa-hainezu"; syn.
 "Juniperus taxifolia" var.
 "lutchuensis" (Koidz.)
 Satake) is a species of juniper, native to the Ryukyu Islands, Izu Ōshima and the adjacent coast of Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan.
