Batman Forever is a 1995 American superhero film directed by Joel Schumacher and produced by Tim Burton, based on the DC Comics character Batman.
 It is the third installment of the , with Val Kilmer replacing Michael Keaton as Bruce Wayne / Batman.
 The film stars Chris O'Donnell, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey.
 The plot focuses on Batman trying to stop Two-Face (Jones) and the Riddler (Carrey) in their villainous scheme to extract confidential information from all the minds in Gotham City and use it to learn Batman's identity and bring the city under their control.
 He gains allegiance from a love interest—psychiatrist Dr. Chase Meridian (Kidman) and a young, orphaned circus acrobat named Dick Grayson (O'Donnell), who becomes his sidekick Robin.
The Sergio Vieira de Mello Citizen of the World award is given out by the United Nations Correspondents Association to those deemed to have made a significant contribution.
 It was initiated in 2003, in honour of Brazilian diplomat Sergio Vieira de Mello, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, who was killed in the 2003 bombing of the UN headquarters in Iraq.
 Recipients of this award include Oscar winning Actress Nicole Kidman, actress and UNHCR Goodwill Ambassador Angelina Jolie, and former UN weapons inspector Hans Blix.
Antonia Kidman (born 14 July 1970) is an Australian journalist and TV presenter, and the younger sister of the actress Nicole Kidman.
Rabbit Hole is a 2010 American drama film starring Nicole Kidman, Aaron Eckhart, and Dianne Wiest, and directed by John Cameron Mitchell; the screenplay is an adaptation by David Lindsay-Abaire of his 2005 play of the same name.
 Kidman produced the project via her company, Blossom Films.
 The film premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2010.
 Lionsgate distributed the film.
 The plot deals with a couple struggling to heal after the death of their young son.
 Kidman was critically acclaimed for her performance as Becca Corbett and received Academy Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations for Best Actress.
 It received a limited release in the United States on December 17, 2010 and expanded nationwide on January 14, 2011.
No. 5 the Film (2004) is a 180-second short film directed by Baz Luhrmann ("Romeo + Juliet", "Moulin Rouge!
") and starring Nicole Kidman and Rodrigo Santoro.
 Karl Lagerfeld designed the costumes; he also briefly appears in the film.
 It is part of a new breed of advertising crossover films known as branded content.
 It had a budget of US$33 million, financed exclusively by Chanel.
 Visually captivating, the film is an extended television commercial for Chanel No. 5 perfume.
 The film was initially screened in many North American cinemas during the "Coming Attractions" section preceding the main feature.
 During the 2006 Christmas season, an edited 30-second TV spot was shown on primetime on many networks in Canada and the United States.
 Kidman was paid $3 million for her role in the advertisement.
Bewitched is a 2005 American romantic comedy fantasy film written, produced, and directed by Nora Ephron, and starring Nicole Kidman and Will Ferrell alongside an ensemble cast featuring Shirley MacLaine, Michael Caine, Jason Schwartzman, Kristin Chenoweth, Heather Burns, Jim Turner, Stephen Colbert, David Alan Grier, Carole Shelley and Steve Carell.
 The film follows an out-of-work actor (Ferrell) who discovers, in the making of a retooling of "Bewitched", that his co-star (Kidman) is an actual witch.
Dogville is a 2003 internationally co-produced avant-garde crime drama film written and directed by Lars von Trier, and starring an ensemble cast led by Nicole Kidman, Lauren Bacall, Paul Bettany, Chloë Sevigny, Stellan Skarsgård, Udo Kier, Ben Gazzara, and James Caan.
 It is a parable that uses an extremely minimal, stage-like set to tell the story of Grace Mulligan (Kidman), a woman hiding from mobsters, who arrives in the small mountain town of Dogville, Colorado, and is provided refuge in return for physical labor.
 Because she has to win and retain the acceptance of every single one of the inhabitants of the town to be allowed to stay, any attempt by her to have her own way or to put a limit on her service risks driving her back out into the arms of the criminals.
 Although she has no power in herself, her stay there ultimately changes the lives of the local people and the town in many ways.
To Die For is a 1995 American criminal comedy-drama film, made in a mockumentary format, directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry, based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard, which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart.
 It stars Nicole Kidman, Matt Dillon, and Joaquin Phoenix.
 Major supporting roles feature Illeana Douglas, Wayne Knight, Casey Affleck, Kurtwood Smith, Dan Hedaya, and Alison Folland.
 Kidman was nominated for a BAFTA and won a Golden Globe Award and a Best Actress Award at the 1st Empire Awards for her performance.
 Her character has been described as suffering from narcissistic personality disorder in the scientific journal "BMC Psychiatry".
Tom Cruise: Unauthorized is a non-fiction biographical book about Tom Cruise, written by Wensley Clarkson.
 The book was published by Hastings House in 1998.
 The book discusses Tom Cruise's early life, his rise as an actor, involvement with Scientology, and past relationships with Mimi Rogers and Nicole Kidman.
 The book ended during the filming of "Eyes Wide Shut".
Australian actress Nicole Kidman made her film debut in the drama remake "Bush Christmas" in 1983.
 Four years later, she starred in the television miniseries "Vietnam", for which she received the Best Performance by an Actress in a Mini Series award from the Australian Film Institute.
 Kidman's breakthrough role was in the 1989 thriller "Dead Calm"; her performance as a married woman trapped on a yacht with a psychopathic murderer earned critical acclaim and international recognition.
 She followed this with her Hollywood debut opposite Tom Cruise in Tony Scott's auto-racing film "Days of Thunder" (1990).
 Her role as a homicidal weather forecaster in Gus Van Sant's crime comedy-drama "To Die For" garnered Kidman a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Comedy or Musical in 1996.
 She worked with Cruise again on Stanley Kubrick's erotic thriller "Eyes Wide Shut" in 1999.
