Charles "Chuck" Green (November 6, 1919 – March 7, 1997) was an American tap dancer.
 Green was born in Fitzgerald, Georgia.
 He would stick bottle caps on his bare feet as a child and tap dance on the sidewalk for money.
 He won third place in a dance contest in 1925 in which Noble Sissle was the bandleader.
 Soon Green would be touring the South tap dancing.
National Tap Dance Day falls on May 25th every year and is a celebration of tap dancing as an American art form.
 The idea of National Tap Dance Day was first presented to U.S. Congress on February 7, 1989 and was signed into American law by President George H.W. Bush on November 8, 2004.
 The one-time official observance was on May 25, 1989.
 Tap Dance Day is also celebrated in other countries, particularly Japan, Australia, India and Iceland.
 Tap Dance Day is celebrated online, with over 3,000 mentions on social media in 2016.
In tap dancing, jazz, and blues, stop-time is an accompaniment pattern interrupting, or stopping, the normal time and featuring regular accented attacks on the first beat of each or every other measure, alternating with silence or instrumental solos.
 Stop-time occasionally appears in ragtime music.
 The characteristics of stop-time are heavy accents, frequent rests, and a stereotyped cadential pattern.
 Stop-timing may create the impression that the tempo has changed, though it has not, as the soloist continues without accompaniment.
 Stop-time is common in African-American popular music including R&B, soul music, and led to the break of hip hop.
Glamour Puss Studios Tap Dancing Academy was established in 1997 and is a Melbourne tap school specifically for adults and specialising in adult beginner tap dance.
 More than 300 students attend classes held at either of the two 60s styled studios located in St Kilda, Victoria and Richmond, Victoria.
"Last Tap Dance in Springfield" is the twentieth episode of the eleventh season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 7, 2000.
 In the episode, Lisa decides to sign up for tap dancing lessons after being inspired by a film about a girl who enters a tango contest and wins.
 Meanwhile, Bart and Milhouse hide out at the mall to escape going to summer camp.
 "Last Tap Dance in Springfield" was written by Julie Thacker, who based it on her own experiences with dance classes.
 The episode has received mixed reception from critics.
Tap City, the New York City Tap Festival, was launched in 2001 in New York City.
 Held annually for approximately one week each summer, the festival features tap dancing classes, choreography residencies, panels, screenings, and performances as well as awards ceremonies, concert performances, and Tap it Out, a free, public, outdoor event performed in Times Square by a chorus of dancers.
 The goal of the Festival is to establish a "higher level of understanding and examination of tap’s storied history and development.”
Reggio “The Hoofer” McLaughlin, tap dancer, instructor and choreographer started his artistic career in the subways of Chicago, where he had developed his unique style of tap dance hoofing, characterized by raw form of African American Tap.
 The combination of African foot stomping, Irish step and his lengthy experience contributes to the world of tap dancing.
Guy and Madeline on a Park Bench is a 2009 American black-and-white jazz musical film directed, written, produced, shot, and co-edited by Damien Chazelle, that recasts the MGM musical tradition in a gritty, vérité style.
 It stars Jason Palmer, Desiree Garcia and Sandha Khin.
 The film features a unique mixture of live jazz performances and choreographed tap dancing, as well as several more traditional musical numbers.
Jack Wiggins was an African-American entertainer of the early twentieth century, now remembered primarily for his elegant style in tap dancing.
 Wiggins worked as a performer at the Hoofers Club on "Swing Street" in Harlem, New York, where he inspired Laurence Donald "Baby Laurence" Jackson (later a member of the Tap Dance Hall of Fame).
 Wiggins also influenced Fayard and Harold Nicholas of the famous Nicholas Brothers tap duo.
 Wiggins was recognized as a master soloist in the "Class Act" style of tap dancing.
 A signature dance of Wiggins' was the "tango twist."
"My Feet Keep Dancing" is the third single from Chic's third studio album "Risqué".
 It features a co-lead vocal by Luci Martin and Bernard Edwards and a tap dance solo by Fayard Nicholas (of the Nicholas Brothers), Eugene Jackson (of Our Gang), and Sammy Warren.
