Tom Friedman (born 1965) is an American conceptual sculptor.
 Friedman was born in St. Louis, Missouri.
 He received his BFA in graphic illustration from Washington University in St. Louis in 1988, and an MFA in sculpture from the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1990.
 As a conceptual artist he works in a variety of mediums including, sculpture, painting, drawing, video, and installation.
 For over twenty years Friedman has been investigating the viewer/object relationship, and "the space in between."
 Friedman has held solo exhibitions at the Museum of Modern Art, New York, Yerba Buena Museum of Art, San Francisco, Magasin 3 in Stockholm, Sweden, The New Museum in New York, the Tel Aviv Art Museum, and others.
 His work can be found in the museum collections of MoMA, Los Angeles Contemporary Art Museum, the Broad Art Museum, the Solomon Guggenheim Museum, The Metropolitan Museum of Art, Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, and the Museum of Contemporary Art, Tokyo.
 He is currently represented by Luhring Augustine Gallery and Stephen Friedman Gallery.
 He lives and works in Northampton, Massachusetts.
Francis Focer Brown (1891–1971) was a well-known American Impressionist painter, as well as professor and head of the Fine Arts Department at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana from 1925–1957, and Director of the Muncie Art Museum.
 His work was exhibited frequently at the Hoosier Salon- Indiana Artists Annual, Herron School of Art Museum, Ball State University, Indiana State Fair, Indiana Art Club and others.
 Brown studied With J. Ottis Adams and William Forsyth (artist) at the Herron School of Art; Ball State Teachers College, B.S.; Ohio State University, M.A. Member Indiana AC; Hoosier Salon.
 He exhibited at the Richmond Art Museum, 1922 (prize); John Herron Art Institute, 1922 (prize); Hoosier Salon, 1922–45 (awards); CMA, 1922–25; PAFA, 1922, 1923.
 His work is held in collections at John Herron Art Institute; Ball State University; Richmond Art Museum, and in various schools and libraries throughout Indiana.
 Also known as Francis Brown and Francis F. Brown.
Kevin Atherton (born 1950) is a Manx artist,based in Ireland since 1999, whose work includes performance, sculpture, film and video, installation and site-related work.
 Before moving to Ireland with his late wife, the Educationalist Vicky Robinson, Atherton had lived and worked in London for twenty-five years teaching part-time at The Slade School of Fine Art, the Royal College of Art and Middlesex Polytechnic.
 Most notably he was the Head of Department of 'Alternative Media'at Chelsea College of Art, which later when it merged with 'Print Making' became 'Combined Media'.
Arriving in Dublin in 1999 Atherton set about establishing the Fine Art Media Department at the National College of Art and Design (NCAD) writing the BA Fine Art Media pathway and the ground-breaking 'Virtual Realities as a Fine Art Media' MA course.
 He has exhibited and performed throughout the world including at the Museum of Modern Art San Francisco (SFMOMA), The Museum of Modern Art Vienna (MUMOK) and at Tate Britain.
 His two-screen video installation 'In Two Minds'(1978-2014) is in the collection of the Irish Museum of Modern Art Dublin.
Craig Kauffman (March 31, 1932 – May 9, 2010) was an artist who has exhibited since 1951.
 Kauffman’s primarily abstract paintings and wall relief sculptures are included in over 20 museum collections, including the Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Tate Modern, the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Seattle Art Museum, and the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles.
Simone Forti (born 1935), is an American Italian Postmodern artist, dancer, choreographer, and writer.
 Since the 1950's, Forti has exhibited, performed, and taught workshops all over the world, including performances at the Louvre in Paris, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, and the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles.
 Her innovations in Postmodern dance, including her seminal 1961 body of work, "Dance Constructions", along with her contribution to the early Fluxus movement, have influenced many notable artists, including dancer/artist Yvonne Rainer and the Judson Dance Theater in New York.
 Forti first apprenticed with Anna Halprin in the 1950s and has since worked alongside artists and composers Nam June Paik, Steve Paxton, La Monte Young, Trisha Brown, Charlemagne Palestine, Peter Van Riper, Dan Graham, Yoshi Wada, and Robert Morris, among many others.
 Forti's published books include "Handbook in Motion" (1974, The Press of the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design), "Angel" (1978, self-published), and "Oh Tongue" (2003, Beyond Baroque Foundation, ed.
 Fred Dewey).
 She is currently represented by The Box L.A. in Los Angeles, CA, and has works in the permanent collections of the Museum of Modern Art (MOMA) in New York, the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam, the Generali Foundation in Vienna, the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York, and the Moderna Museet in Stockholm.
Ana Mercedes Hoyos (29 September 1942-5 September 2014) was a Colombian painter, sculptor and a pioneer in modern art in the country.
 In her half-century of artistic works, she garnered over seventeen awards of national and international recognition.
 Beginning her career in a Pop Art style which moved towards abstract, her trajectory moved toward cubism and realism as she explored light, color, sensuality and the bounty of her surroundings.
 Her reinterpretations of master painters led her to an exploration of Colombian multiculturalism, and her later works focused on Afro-Colombian and mestizo heritage within the Colombian landscape.
 Her works can be found in the permanent collections of the Fuji Art Museum in Tokyo; the in Zaragoza, Spain; the Museum of Modern Art in Mexico City; the Nassau County Museum of Art of Roslyn Harbor, New York, as well as the Bogotá Museum of Modern Art and museums in other Latin American cities.
 Her collection of archival materials on San Basilio de Palenque were donated to the United Nations University in Tokyo and the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture.
Michael Hafftka is an American figurative expressionist painter living in New York City.
 His work is represented in the permanent collections of a number of museums, including: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York Museum of Modern Art, Brooklyn Museum of Art, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, Carnegie Museum of Art, New York Public Library, McNay Art Museum, Housatonic Museum of Art, Arizona State University Art Museum, National Gallery of Art, and Yeshiva University Museum.
Gonçalo Mabunda was born on January 1, 1975 in Maputo, Mozambique.
 He is an artist and anti-war activist.Mabunda is an internationally acclaimed artist who has had his work exhibited around the world.
 He has exhibited in important museums such as the Center Pompidou in Paris, the Venice Biennale, the Museum of Art and Design in New York, the Museum Kunst Palast in Dusseldorf, the Hayward Gallery in London, the Mori Art Museum in Tokyo, the Johannesburg Art Gallery and many more.
Janne Kyttanen (born 1974) is a Finnish conceptual artist and designer who is best known for his work in design for 3D printing.
 He is the founder of Freedom of Creation and the current Creative Director of 3D Systems, an American-based manufacturer of 3D printers.
 His work been exhibited in numerous museums and galleries, including the Stedelijk Museum, the Museum of Modern Art, and at Design Miami, the global forum for design.
 He also used to be a professional squash player, having played in two individual world championships and two team championships.
Merry Alpern (born 1955 in New York City) is an American photographer that has been shown in museums and exhibitions around the country including the Whitney Museum of American Art, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, Museum of Modern Art, National Museum of Women in the Arts and The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston.
 Her most notable work is her 1993-94 series "Dirty Windows", a controversial series in which she took photos of an illegal sex club through a bathroom window in Manhattan near Wall Street.
 In 1994, the National Endowment for the Arts rejected recommended photography fellowships to Alpern, as well as Barbara DeGenevieve and Andres Serrano.
 Merry Alpern became one of many artists assaulted by congressional conservatives trying to defund the National Endowment for the Arts because of this series.
 As a result, museums such as the Museum of Modern Art in New York and San Francisco rushed to exhibit the series.
 She later produced and exhibited another show called "Shopping" which included images from hidden video cameras.
