The Low Carbon Building Programme (LCBP) was a payments system in England, Scotland and Wales.
 The UK Government programme was administered by BERR (formerly the DTI) and ran from 1 April 2006 until its closure to new applications on 24 May 2010.
 The scheme was replaced by the Renewable Heat Incentive in November 2011.
The Texas Enterprise Fund is a business incentive fund that was created by legislation in 2003.
 The fund, which had an initial $295 million investment, is used for ensuring the growth of business in Texas.
 One of Texas’ most competitive recruitment tools, these funds are used primarily to attract new business to the state or assist with the substantial expansion of an existing business as part of a competitive recruitment situation.
 Sources indicate that since 2003 the Fund has yielded up to $6.3 billion in capital investment in Texas by out-of-state companies .
The Renewable Heat Incentive scandal (RHI scandal), also referred to as the Cash for Ash scandal, is a political scandal in Northern Ireland that centres on a failed renewable energy incentive scheme that has been reported to potentially cost the public purse almost £500 million.
 The plan was overseen by Arlene Foster of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), the then-Minister for Enterprise, Trade and Investment, who failed to introduce proper cost controls, allowing the plan to spiral out of control.
 The scheme worked by paying applicants to use renewable energy.
 The rate paid was more than the cost of the fuel (the same as in the GBRHI scheme) however, meaning applicants were making profits simply by heating their properties.
The Renewable Heat Incentive (the RHI) is a payment system in England, Scotland and Wales, for the generation of heat from renewable energy sources.
 Introduced on 28 November 2011, the RHI replaces the Low Carbon Building Programme, which closed in 2010.
The Treasurer (or often also translated as Chancellor) in Ancient Egypt is the modern translation of the title "imi-r ḫtmt" (word by word: Overseer of the Seal or Overseer of sealed things).
 The office is known since the end of the Old Kingdom, where people with this title appear sporadically in the organization of private estates.
The Fire Sprinkler Incentive Act (FSIA) is the name of a piece of legislation that has been introduced in both the House and the Senate since 2003.
 The legislation would amend the 1986 Internal Revenue Code by classifying fire sprinkler retrofits as either a Section 179 depreciation deduction or a fifteen-year property for purposes of depreciation.
 Currently the tax depreciation time for commercial property is 39 years and 27.5 for residential.
Renewable heat is an application of renewable energy and it refers to the renewable generation of heat, rather than electrical power (e.g. replacing a fossil fuel boiler using concentrating solar thermal to feed radiators).
 Renewable heat technologies include renewable biofuels, solar heating, geothermal heating, heat pumps and heat exchangers to recover lost heat.
 Significant attention is also applied to insulation.
Stewart Dickson is an Alliance Party of Northern Ireland politician and was a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly, where he represented East Antrim.
 He sought re-election on the 2nd of March 2017 in a snap election that was called to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal and was re-elected to the Assembly as one of five MLAs for this constituency.
Bertha of Holland ( 1055 – 15 October 1094), also known as Berthe or Bertha of Frisia and erroneously as Berta or Bertrada, was queen consort of the Franks from 1072 until 1092, as the first wife of King Philip I.
 Bertha's marriage to the king in 1072 was a result of peace negotiations between him and her stepfather, Count Robert the Frisian of Flanders.
 After nine years of childlessness, the royal couple had three children, including Philip's successor, Louis the Fat.
 Philip, however, grew tired of his wife by 1090, and repudiated her in 1092 in order to marry the already married Bertrada of Montfort.
 That marriage was a scandal since both Philip and Bertrada were already married to other people, at least until Queen Bertha died the next year.
The 2017 election to the Northern Ireland Assembly was held on 2 March 2017.
 The election was held to elect members (MLAs) following the resignation of deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness in protest over the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal.
 McGuinness' position was not filled, and thus by law his resignation triggered an election.
 It was the sixth election since the Assembly was re-established in 1998, and the first to implement a reduction in size to 90 MLAs (versus the previous 108).
