Medford Cable News, (MCN) is the City of Medford, MA's only non-profit broadcast news station.
 Owned and operated by Medford Community Cablevision, Inc. MCN began in 2010 as a short news topic program that aired on Comcast channel 3.
 After Medford Community Cablevision was internationally recognized by the Alliance for Community Media for "Overall Excellence in Public Television," the news station expanded to live broadcasts and an online publication.
 MCN reports on local, government, business, and entertainment news.
 The company plans to also feature live weather and sports reports by July 2011.
Life Could Be Verse: Reflections on Love, Loss, and What Really Matters
G-A-Y is a gay nightclub in London.
 It operated from the London Astoria music venue for 15 years until July 2008.
 The Boston Globe described it as "London's largest gay-themed club night", "NME" reported that it "attracts 6,000 clubbers each week", and "The Independent" described it as "the one London gig that really matters" for "today's pop stars".
 On Friday 3 October 2008, it moved to famous gay venue Heaven.
All That Really Matters (Polish: Wszystko, co najważniejsze ) is a 1992 Polish drama film directed by Robert Gliński.
 The film was selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 65th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
"Nothing Really Matters" is a song by Dutch recording artist Mr Probz.
 It was released on 29 September 2014 as a digital download.
 The song was written by Dennis Princewell Stehr, Aliaune Thiam, Giorgio Tuinfort and Jake Gosling.
 It peaked to number 1 on the Dutch Singles Chart and in Portugal.
 The song has also charted in Belgium and Sweden.
"Nothing Really Matters" is a song recorded by American singer Madonna for her seventh studio album, "Ray of Light" (1998).
 It was written by Madonna and Patrick Leonard, and was produced by the singer with William Orbit and Marius De Vries.
 The song was released as the fifth and final single from the album on March 2, 1999 by Maverick Records and Warner Bros.
 Records.
 An EDM track on which Madonna experiments with different musical genres, "Nothing Really Matters" includes ambient music and electronic noise frequencies that were added by De Vries.
 Lyrically, the recording delves on the singer's first daughter Lourdes Leon, having also themes of selfishness, affection, and motherhood.
Peter Rauhofer (29 April 1965 – 7 May 2013) was a disc jockey (DJ), remixer and producer who formerly went under the moniker Club 69 as well as Size Queen.
 A native of Vienna, Austria, he was famous for a variety of his remixes including Cher's "Believe" and a number of Madonna's songs including "Nothing Really Matters", "American Life", "Nothing Fails", "Nobody Knows Me", "Get Together", "Impressive Instant" and "4 Minutes", as well as her collaboration with Britney Spears, "Me Against the Music" and various collaborations with Janet Jackson ("Throb" and "Just A Little While" to name a few).
 He has also provided remixes for Whitney Houston, Jessica Simpson, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Yoko Ono, Pink, Tori Amos, Pet Shop Boys, Depeche Mode, Yazoo, Frankie Goes To Hollywood, Book Of Love, Soft Cell, Duran Duran and Mariah Carey, among others.
 He was also behind the tribal house record label Star 69 and was a frequent producer of the label's releases.
Love Is is the title of the second album released by American country music artist Kevin Sharp.
 The two singles released from the album, "Love Is All That Really Matters" and "If She Only Knew", both failed to reach the top 40 in the charts while the album itself reached #36 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
 "Her Heart Is Only Human" was originally recorded by Ty Herndon on his 1996 album "Living in a Moment".
Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters is a memoir written by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow (1958–2012) describing the events of US Airways Flight 1549.
 The "New York Times" bestselling autobiography of Capt. Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger—the pilot who landed a crippled airplane in New York's Hudson River, saving the lives of the 155 passengers—discusses leadership, responsibility, and service, along with his life story.
Eden White (born 1970) is a New York City singer/songwriter.
 She is the daughter of Janice White and Dr. Allen White, both from Massachusetts.
 After graduating from Barnstable High School, she attended Tufts University near her home in Boston, Mass.
 In 1993, she started touring clubs in New York city and earned a cult following.
 In 1996, Eden served as the musical director of School House Rock, Live!
 off Broadway at the Atlantic Theatre in NYC, which then had an additional run at the Lamb's Theatre in Times Square.
 In 1998, she released her first record, "This is the Way", under the label Zero Hour.
 She also released the song "This is the Way" as a single under the duel label of Delirium Records and Touchwood (record label).
 By 2000, she had signed on with Delirium Records to release her second CD, "What Really Matters".
