Ann Rae Rule (née Stackhouse; October 22, 1931 – July 26, 2015) was an American true crime author of "The Stranger Beside Me", about serial killer, and Rule's co-worker, Ted Bundy.
 Rule was also known for her book "Small Sacrifices", about Oregon child murderer Diane Downs.
 Many of Rule's books center on murder cases that occurred in the Pacific Northwest and her adopted home state of Washington.
Polly Jean Nelson (born 1952) is an American attorney and author.
 She is best known as a member of serial killer Ted Bundy's last defense team from 1986 until his execution in 1989.
Edward D. Cowart (February 17, 1925 – August 3, 1987) was an American Judge (Dade County Circuit Court Judge).
 He is best known as presiding judge at the trial of serial killer Ted Bundy in 1979 (considered sometimes as the first "official" serial killer trial) , where he imposed a death sentence.
 Cowart is remembered for his glowing tribute to Bundy at his sentencing:
The Deliberate Stranger is a book and television film about American serial killer Ted Bundy.
John Henry Browne (born August 11, 1946) is an American criminal defense attorney practicing in Seattle, Washington.
 Browne is known for both his zeal in defending his clients and his flair for garnering media attention.
 He has represented defendants in a number of high-profile cases, including serial killer Ted Bundy, Colton Harris-Moore (a.k.a. "The Barefoot Bandit"), Benjamin Ng and Martin Pang.
 He has tried over 250 criminal cases to verdict.
 Browne and his actions have been the subject of some controversy, and he has sometimes been criticized for his peculiar and combative style both in and out of the courtroom.
 He is particularly known for obtaining sympathetic treatment for his clients by shifting the focus away from the serious crimes that were committed by arguing for consideration of the background of the defendant and the circumstances in which the events took place.
Wayne Clifford Boden (c. 1948 – 27 March 2006) was a Canadian serial killer and rapist active between 1969 and 1971.
 He was raised in Dundas, Ontario, near Hamilton.
 He earned the nickname "The Vampire Rapist" because he had the penchant of biting the breasts of his victims, a modus operandi that led to his conviction due to forensic odontological evidence.
 His was the first such conviction in North America, several years before Ted Bundy, another serial killer.
George Robert "Bob" Dekle, Sr. (born May 23, 1948) was an Assistant State Attorney in Florida's Third Judicial Circuit from 1975 through 2005, and the lead prosecuting attorney in the <nowiki>[</nowiki>1980 Orlando<nowiki>]</nowiki> murder trial of serial killer Ted Bundy which ultimately delivered the death penalty that was carried out in 1989.
 Dekle's book on the case, "The Last Murder: The Investigation, Prosecution, and Execution of Ted Bundy", was published in 2011.
Bundy: An American Icon (aka Bundy: A Legacy of Evil) is a 2008 horror film depicting the criminal career of American serial killer, Ted Bundy.
 It was directed by Michael Feifer serial killer biopics, and starred Corin Nemec from "Parker Lewis Can't Lose".
Brian Tutunick (born March 31, 1968) is an American musician, more famously known as Olivia Newton Bundy, and was the bassist and co-founder of the rock group Marilyn Manson until 1990, when he was replaced by Gidget Gein.
 His stage name was created by mixing the names of Olivia Newton-John, singer; and Ted Bundy, serial killer.
Ted Bundy is a 2002 American biographical crime film directed and co-written by Matthew Bright.
 The film dramatizes the crimes of serial killer Ted Bundy.
 It stars Michael Reilly Burke in the title role, and Boti Bliss as Bundy's girlfriend, Lee (a character based on Elizabeth Kloepfer, Bundy's real life girlfriend during his killing spree).
