Paper Planes is a 2015 Australian 3D children's drama film directed by Robert Connolly which he co-wrote with Steve Worland and co-produced with Liz Kearney and Maggie Miles.
 The film stars Sam Worthington, David Wenham, Deborah Mailman and Ed Oxenbould.
 The film tells a story about Dylan, a young boy who lives in Australia who finds out that he has a talent for making paper planes and dreams of competing in the World Paper Plane Championships in Japan.
Syamsul Yusof (born 21 May 1984) is a Malaysian actor, film director, scriptwriter, film producer, rapper and singer.
 He is the son of famous director Yusof Haslam.
 He set the record as the youngest director to win the Malaysian Film Festival, doing so at the age of 26.
Be silent, sorrow ... be silent (Russian: Молчи, грусть...молчи , "Molchi, grust... molchi " , or English: Still, Sadness ... Still ) is a 1918 Soviet silent drama film directed by famous director Pyotr Chardynin, and starring several big Russian silent film stars of the era, including Vera Kholodnaya, Ossip Runitsch, Vitold Polonsky and Vladimir Maksimov.
Jighansa, a Bengali thriller film, based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's "The Hound of the Baskervilles", was released in 1951.
 It was directed by Ajoy Kar, a famous director of Bengal.
 Musical scores are done by Hemanta Mukherjee.
Wildlife is an upcoming American drama directed by Paul Dano and co-written by Dano and Zoe Kazan.
 It is based on the 1990 novel "Wildlife" by Richard Ford.
 The film will star Jake Gyllenhaal, Carey Mulligan, Ed Oxenbould, and Zoe Margaret Colletti, and will mark Dano's debut as a director.
Aha Naa Pellanta is a 2011 Indian Telugu language comedy film written and directed by Veerabhadram .
 It stars Allari Naresh, the son of famous director E. V. V. Satyanarayana and newcomer Ritu Barmecha in the lead roles.
 Brahmanandam plays an important role.
 The music is composed by Raghu Kunche.
 The film was released on 2 March 2011.
C. V. Rajendran is an Indian film director and producer who works in the Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada and Hindi film industry.
 He is the brother of famous director C. V. Sridhar.
The Visit is a 2015 American found footage horror film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan, and starring Olivia DeJonge, Ed Oxenbould, Deanna Dunagan, Peter McRobbie, and Kathryn Hahn.
Ed Oxenbould (born 1 June 2001) is an Australian actor.
 In 2014 he acted as the title character in "Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day", Dylan in "Paper Planes", and as Tyler in the film "The Visit".
Ben Oxenbould (born 2 March 1969) is an Australian actor and comedian, best known for his work in the Australian film and television industry.
 His brother Jamie Oxenbould is also an actor, as is Jamie's son, Ed Oxenbould.
