The Japanese destroyer "Kikuzuki" (菊月 , means "Chrysanthemum Moon", and means the 9th month in the lunar calendar ) was one of twelve "Mutsuki"-class destroyer s built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during the 1920s.
 During the Pacific War, she participated in the Battle of Guam in December 1941 and the New Guinea and Solomon Islands Campaigns in 1942.
 "Kikuzuki" was destroyed during the invasion of Tulagi in May.
The Japanese destroyer "Mochizuki" (望月 , ”Full Moon” ) was one of twelve "Mutsuki"-class destroyer s, built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during the 1920s.
 During the Pacific War, she participated in the Battle of Wake Island in December 1941 and the occupations of New Guinea and the Solomon Islands in early 1942.
The Japanese destroyer "Oite" (追風 , "Tail Wind" ) was one of nine "Kamikaze"-class destroyers built for the Imperial Japanese Navy during the 1920s.
During the Pacific War, she participated in the Battle of Wake Island in December 1941 and the occupations of New Guinea and the Solomon Islands in early 1942.
The Japanese destroyer "Tsuga" (栂 ) was one of 21 "Momi"-class destroyer s built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) in the late 1910s.
 She spent most of the Pacific War patrolling and escorting convoys in and around Chinese waters, during which the ship participated in the Battle of Hong Kong in December 1941.
 "Tsuga" was sunk by American carrier aircraft in early 1945.
The Japanese destroyer "Yayoi" (弥生 , "March" ) was one of twelve "Mutsuki"-class destroyer s built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during the 1920s.
 During the Pacific War, she participated in the Battle of Wake Island in December 1941 and the occupations of New Guinea and the Solomon Islands in early 1942.
The Japanese destroyer "Shimakaze" (島風 , Island Wind ) was one of 15 "Minekaze"-class destroyer s built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) in the late 1910s.
 The ship was converted into a patrol boat in 1940 and then into a destroyer transport the next year.
 After the start of the Pacific War, she participated in the Philippines Campaign in late 1941, the Dutch East Indies campaign in early 1942 and played a minor role in the Battle of Midway in mid-1942 before she was sunk by an American submarine in early 1943.
 This ship should not be confused with the later experimental super-destroyer "Shimakaze" of the 1940s.
The Japanese destroyer "Nadakaze" (灘風 , High Seas Wind ) was one of 15 "Minekaze"-class destroyer s built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) in the late 1920s.
 The ship was converted into a patrol boat in 1940 and then into a destroyer transport the next year.
 After the start of the Pacific War, she participated in the Philippines Campaign in late 1941, the Dutch East Indies campaign in early 1942 and played a minor role in the Battle of Midway in mid-1942.
 She was sunk by a British submarine in mid-1945.
The Battle of Bataan (7 January – 9 April 1942) represented the most intense phase of Imperial Japan's invasion of the Philippines during World War II.
 In January 1942, forces of the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy invaded Luzon along with several islands in the Philippine Archipelago after the bombing of the American naval base at Pearl Harbor.
 The commander-in-chief of all Filipino and American forces in the islands, General Douglas MacArthur, consolidated all of his Luzon-based units on the Bataan Peninsula to fight against the Japanese invaders.
 By this time, the Japanese controlled nearly all of Southeast Asia.
 The Bataan peninsula and the island of Corregidor were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
 Despite a lack of supplies, Filipino and American forces managed to fight the Japanese for three months, engaging them initially in a fighting retreat southward.
 As the combined Filipino and American forces made a last stand, the delay cost the Japanese valuable time and prevented immediate victory across the Pacific.
 The surrender at Bataan, with 76,000 soldiers surrendering in the Philippines altogether, was the largest in American and Filipino military histories, and was the largest United States surrender since the American Civil War's Battle of Harper's Ferry.
 Soon afterwards, Filipino and American prisoners of war were forced into the Bataan Death March.
Shigure (時雨 , ”Drizzle” ) was the second of ten "Shiratsuyu"-class destroyer s, and the first to be built for the Imperial Japanese Navy under the Circle One Program ("Maru Ichi Keikaku").
 Along with the destroyer "Yukikaze" , she developed a reputation within the Imperial Japanese Navy for being "lucky" or "unsinkable", emerging undamaged from several battles and as the sole surviving Japanese warship from two.
 As the flagship of Captain Tameichi Hara's Destroyer Division 27 "Shigure" received a prominent place in the memoirs of the only Japanese destroyer captain to survive the entire Pacific War.
 "Shigure" was torpedoed and sunk by the submarine USS "Blackfin" in the Gulf of Siam on 24 January 1945.
The Japanese destroyer "Yūzuki" (夕月 , ”Evening Moon” ) was the last of twelve "Mutsuki"-class destroyer s built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during the 1920s.
 During the Pacific War, she participated in the Battle of Guam in December 1941 and the occupations of New Guinea and the Solomon Islands in early 1942.
