Black Is White is a 1920 American silent drama film starring Dorothy Dalton and directed by Charles Giblyn.
 It was produced by Thomas H. Ince and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 The movie is based on a novel, "Black is White", by George Barr McCutcheon.
 The film's spelling differs from the spelling of the novel.
 The plot is one in which a woman stands almost any form of abuse from a man and finally forgives him at the moment she has opportunity for the revenge she has always sought, such stories being somewhat popular at the time.
IRIS Distribution (Independent Recording Industry Services) - now The Orchard - is a digital music distribution and marketing firm based in San Francisco, CA and New York City.
 Co-founded by Matt Laszuk (CEO), Bryn Boughton (CMO) and Eric Ferraro (General Counsel) in 2003, IRIS distributes digital music, ringtones, and video to over 450 digital retailers in over 85 countries.
 It also promotes label catalogs through various outlets, including social networking sites, newsletters, and label profiles.
 The company offers its technical, marketing, and legal services to a wide range of independent artists and labels from all genres.
 Artists distributed by IRIS include She Wants Revenge, Le Tigre, Lou Reed, Mogwai, and many more.
17 is the debut studio album by American rapper XXXTentacion.
 It was released on August 25, 2017 by Bad Vibes Forever and Empire Distribution.
 It features 11 tracks and was supported by the lead single "Revenge."
 "17" is X's second solo commercial project, succeeding the compilation mixtape "Revenge" (2017).
 It includes a guest appearance from Trippie Redd and production from X himself, Nick Mira, Taz Taylor, Natra Average, and Potsu.
 The album experiments with a variety of genres, such as emo, indie rock, and lo-fi.
Fortress of Amerikkka is a 1989 action film directed by Eric Louzil and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 The movie follows John Whitecloud, a criminal rebel who's out for revenge against a corrupt Sheriff and a militia run by a crazed General.
 It is often cited by Troma fans as one of the company's worst films.
Pro-Active Entertainment Group was a United States movie distributing company based in Rancho Mirage California and founded by Leonard Levy.
 In the early 2000s, the company distributed or re-distributed many movies, including "The Satanic Rites of Dracula", "Lost on Mars" and "The Fat Spy".
 The company had several notable contracts with Raven Moon Entertainment, Inc, Ingram Entertainment Holdings Inc. and Baker & Taylor.
 Under its contract with Raven Moon Entertainment, Inc., it purchased DVDs such as "Gina D's Kids Club", "Sing A Long With Gina", and "Smile-Ability", and distributed them to major retail and video stores such as Family Video, Premiere Video, Blockbuster Video, Costco, Hollywood Video, Best Buy, Ingram, Music Land, Borders, Circuit City, Sam's Club, K-mart, Wal-Mart, Sun Coast, Albertsons, Kroger and County Market.
 Improved technology such as inexpensive computer software, cameras and other equipment helped to lower production costs, enabling many filmmakers without significant financial backing to produce films, especially for the direct-to-video or direct-to-television markets.
 Pro-Active Entertainment Group was among the distribution leaders for these new markets.
 Video recording, once viewed as a threat, proved to be a new source of income for home entertainment distributors.
 In addition to new releases, distributors re-mastered and re-released older films.
 Using the internet and help from other major distributors such as Ingram Entertainment and Baker & Taylor, the Pro-Active Entertainment Group helped many film makers distribute their products.
 Pro-Active Entertainment Group operated in California and Tennessee, managed by Levy's associate, Richard Mendelson.
 The company closed after running into legal troubles with Backyard Wrestling, Inc.
"Look at Me" (stylized as "Look At Me!")
 is the debut single by American rapper XXXTentacion.
 The song premiered on December 30, 2015 on the SoundCloud account of Rojas, the song's co-producer, before initially being released for digital download as a single on January 29, 2016, becoming a sleeper hit after its initial release until January 2017, in which the single was later re-released for digital download again with a remastered and clean version of the single on February 20, 2017, by Empire Distribution.
 The song serves as the lead single from his debut commercial mixtape "Revenge".
 The track was produced by Rojas and Jimmy Duval and heavily samples the song "Changes" by British dubstep DJ and record producer Mala.
Revenge is a mixtape by American rapper XXXTentacion, released on May 16, 2017 by Empire Distribution.
 It consists of 8 previously released songs that were available for streaming on XXXTentacion's SoundCloud.
 It was preceded by the lead single "Look at Me", which peaked at number 34 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
The Warped Ones (狂熱の季節 , Kyōnetsu no kisetsu , aka Season of Heat, Wild Love-Makers and The Weird Lovemakers) is a 1960 Japanese Sun Tribe film directed by Koreyoshi Kurahara and starring Tamio Kawachi, Eiji Go, Yuko Chishiro and Noriko Matsumoto.
 It was produced and distributed by the Nikkatsu Company.
 The story concerns the young hoodlum Akira, his friends, their transgressions and specifically their revenge on the couple that got him sent to jail, a reporter and his fiancée.
 When the fiancée finds herself pregnant by Akira she enlists his help with her finance who has become distant since the attack.
"Revenge", originally titled as "Garrett's Revenge" is a single by American recording artist XXXTentacion.
 The song was released on May 18, 2017 for digital download as a single by Empire Distribution.
 It is the lead single from his debut studio album "17".
The First Wives Club is a 1996 American comedy film, based on the best-selling 1992 novel of the same name by Olivia Goldsmith.
 Narrated by Diane Keaton, it stars Keaton, Goldie Hawn, and Bette Midler as three divorced women who seek revenge on their ex-husbands who left them for younger women.
 Stephen Collins, Victor Garber and Dan Hedaya co-star as the husbands, and Sarah Jessica Parker, Marcia Gay Harden and Elizabeth Berkley as their lovers, with Maggie Smith, Bronson Pinchot and Stockard Channing also starring.
 Scott Rudin produced and Hugh Wilson directed; the film was distributed by Paramount Pictures.
