The Dillinger Escape Plan is an American mathcore band from Morris Plains, New Jersey.
 Formed in 1997, the group originally featured vocalist Dimitri Minakakis, lead guitarist Ben Weinman, rhythm guitarist Derek Brantley, bassist Adam Doll and drummer Chris Pennie, although Brantley left after only two shows.
 The remaining four members recorded the band's self-titled debut EP in 1997, before John Fulton replaced Brantley for the subsequent tour and 1998's "Under the Running Board".
 Shortly after the second EP's release, Fulton left the band due to "creative differences", and in early 1999 Doll was forced to cease involvement due to a spinal injury suffered in a road traffic accident.
 As a result, Weinman performed all guitars and bass on the band's full-length debut album "Calculating Infinity", released in 1999.
Must Love Cats is an Animal Planet television series hosted by John Fulton which premiered in the United States in February 2011.
 In each episode, he travels through different parts of the United States and explores various aspects of the cat lovers lifestyle.
 Animal Planet announced in April 2011 that the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on March 10, 2012.
 The second season features countries outside of the U.S.
John Fulton (1803–1853), was originally a cobbler or shoemaker by trade.
 He built three orrerys in a workshop attached to at his home, now demolished, in the Kirton Brae area of Fenwick and was eventually appointed instrument maker to King William IV, moving to London, but retiring to Fenwick.
 He is buried in the Fenwick Kirk graveyard.
The Grey Fox is a 1982 Canadian biographical Western film directed by Phillip Borsos and written by John Hunter.
 It is based on the true story of Bill Miner, an American stagecoach robber who staged Canada's first train robbery on September 10, 1904.
 The film stars Richard Farnsworth as Miner.
 The cast also features Jackie Burroughs, Ken Pogue, Wayne Robson, Gary Reineke and Timothy Webber.
Edmund Davie Fulton, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (March 10, 1916 – May 22, 2000) was a Canadian Rhodes Scholar, politician and judge.
 Popularly known as E. Davie Fulton.
 He was born in Kamloops, British Columbia, the son of politician/lawyer Frederick John Fulton and Winnifred M. Davie, daughter of A. E. B. Davie.
 He was the youngest of 4 children.
John Fulton "Jack" Folinsbee (March 14, 1892 – May 10, 1972) was an American landscape painter and member of the art colony at New Hope, Pennsylvania.
 He is best known today for his impressionist scenes of New Hope and Lambertville, New Jersey, particularly the factories, quarries, and canals along the Delaware River.
Harry Head (died 1881) known as Harry the Kid, was a cattle rustler and stagecoach robber in southern Arizona.
 He is known to have died in 1881; however, his birth year and date weren’t recorded.
 One of his better known robberies occurred in Contention City, Arizona.
 He was with three outlaws named Bill Leonard, Jim Crane, and Luther King, when they all attempted to rob a stagecoach that was carrying 26,000 dollars in Wells Fargo money.
 (The Complete List of Old West Outlaws)
Douglas Squire Irving Burrows CBE (Civil) MBE (Military) (7 August 1915 – 10 December 1982) was an Australian stock broker, businessman and philanphropist who from 1970 until his death was President of the Board Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children.
 With Lorimer Dods and John Fulton he co-founded the Children's Medical Research Foundation of which from 1970 he became the Chairman of the Management Committee.
Buck English was an American Old West outlaw, and one of Lake County, California's most notorious thief and stagecoach robber toward the end of the 19th century.
Frederick John Fulton, KC (December 8, 1862 – July 25, 1936) was a British-born and educated Canadian lawyer and politician.
 He practiced law in Kamloops, British Columbia.
 He was a member of the British Columbia Legislative Assembly from 1900 to 1909 serving a series of cabinet roles as President of the Executive Council, Minister of Education, Provincial Secretary, Attorney General and Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works.
 As Attorney General, he prosecuted and convicted the notorious Bill Miner.
