Cor, Blimey!
 is a 2000 TV film that follows the relationship between "Carry On" film actors Sid James (played by Geoffrey Hutchings) and Barbara Windsor (played by Samantha Spiro).
Carry On Camping is a 1969 British comedy film and the seventeenth in the series of "Carry On" films to be made.
 It features series regulars Sid James, Kenneth Williams, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Terry Scott, Hattie Jacques, Barbara Windsor, Bernard Bresslaw and Peter Butterworth.
Carry On Matron is the twenty-third in the series of "Carry On" films to be made.
 It was released in 1972.
 It features series regulars Sid James, Kenneth Williams, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Hattie Jacques, Bernard Bresslaw, Barbara Windsor and Kenneth Connor.
 This was the last "Carry on..." film for Terry Scott after appearing in seven films.
 "Carry On Matron" was the second and last "Carry On..." for Kenneth Cope.
Carry On Abroad is the twenty-fourth in the series of "Carry On" films to be made, released in 1972.
 The film features series regulars Sid James, Kenneth Williams, Joan Sims, Bernard Bresslaw, Barbara Windsor, Kenneth Connor, Peter Butterworth and Hattie Jacques.
 It was the 23rd and final appearance for Charles Hawtrey.
 June Whitfield returned after appearing in "Carry On Nurse" 13 years earlier.
 Jimmy Logan made the first of two appearances in the series.
Carry On Again Doctor is the eighteenth in the series of "Carry On" films to be made.
 It was released in 1969 and was the third to feature a medical theme.
 The film features series regulars Sid James, Kenneth Williams, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Barbara Windsor and Hattie Jacques.
 This was Jim Dale's last "Carry On" appearance for 23 years until his return in "Carry On Columbus".
Samantha Spiro (born 20 June 1968) is a double Olivier Award-winning English actress.
 She is best known for portraying Barbara Windsor in the stage play "Cleo, Camping, Emmanuelle and Dick" and the television film "Cor, Blimey!
", DI Vivien Friend in "", and Melessa Tarly in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".
Carry On Henry is the 21st in the series of "Carry On" films to be made and was released in 1971.
 It tells a fictionalised story involving Sid James as Henry VIII, who chases after Barbara Windsor's character Bettina.
 James and Windsor feature alongside other regulars Kenneth Williams, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Terry Scott and Kenneth Connor.
 This was the first time that Williams and Connor appeared together since Carry On Cleo seven years previously.
 The original alternative title was to be "Anne of a Thousand Lays", a pun on the Richard Burton film "Anne of the Thousand Days", and Sid James wears exactly the same cloak that Burton wore in that film.
The Carry On franchise primarily consists of a sequence of 31 low-budget British comedy motion pictures (1958–92), four Christmas specials, a television series of thirteen episodes, and three West End and provincial stage plays.
 The films' humour was in the British comic tradition of the music hall and bawdy seaside postcards. Producer Peter Rogers and director Gerald Thomas drew on a regular group of actors, the Carry On team, that included Sid James, Kenneth Williams, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Kenneth Connor, Peter Butterworth, Hattie Jacques, Terry Scott, Bernard Bresslaw, Barbara Windsor, Jack Douglas, and Jim Dale.
Carry On Girls is the 25th in the series of "Carry On" films to be made, released in Britain in 1973.
 The film is notable for being the first "Carry On" to feature neither Kenneth Williams nor Charles Hawtrey.
 Williams was appearing in a West End play, "My Fat Friend".
 Hawtrey had been dropped from the series the previous year.
 The film features regulars Sid James, Barbara Windsor, Joan Sims, Kenneth Connor, Bernard Bresslaw and Peter Butterworth.
 Patsy Rowlands makes her seventh appearance in the series.
 Jack Douglas makes his third appearance, this time upgraded to a main role.
 Jimmy Logan makes a guest appearance in his second and final "Carry On".
Carry On Doctor (1967) is the fifteenth in the series of "Carry On" films to be made.
 It is the second in the series to have a medical theme.
 Frankie Howerd makes the first of his two appearances in the film series and stars alongside regulars Sid James, Kenneth Williams, Jim Dale, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Peter Butterworth, and Bernard Bresslaw.
 Hattie Jacques returns for the first time since "Carry On Cabby" four years earlier, while Barbara Windsor returns after her debut in "Carry On Spying" three years earlier.
 "Carry On Doctor" marked Anita Harris's second and final appearance in the series.
