The 1981 World Championship Tennis Finals was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts.
 It was the 11th edition of the WCT Finals and was part of the 1981 Volvo Grand Prix.
 The tournament was played at the Reunion Arena in Dallas, Texas in the United States and was held from April 27 through May 3, 1981.
 The winners of the eight WCT tournaments that were part of the 1981 Grand Prix circuit qualified for the tournament augmented by the next best performers in the WCT points standings.
 Guillermo Vilas qualified by winning the last tournament held just before the WCT Finals, the River Oaks Tournament in Houston, but was unavailable to play.
 Jimmy Connors withdrew before the tournament due to gastroenteritis and Yannick Noah could not participate due to a shoulder injury.
 They were replaced by Sandy Mayer and Sam Giammalva respectively.
 John McEnroe won the title and $100,000 prize money.
The Guadalajara Open is a defunct tennis tournament that was played on the Grand Prix tennis circuit in 1978.
 The event was held in Guadalajara, Mexico and was played on outdoor clay courts.
 Gene Mayer won the singles title while Sandy Mayer and Sherwood Stewart partnered to win the doubles title.
South Africa have played at six of the eight Rugby World Cup tournaments, having been unable to compete in the first two tournaments due to a sports boycott during the apartheid era.
 Following the end of apartheid, they hosted the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the tournament, and were champions again at the 2007 tournament in France.
 With two tournament wins, they are one of the three best performing teams, along with Australia who have also won twice, and New Zealand with three wins, the only team to do better.
Steve Honoshowsky is a professional musician raised in Basking Ridge, NJ.
 He began playing drums at the age of ten, inspired by the likes of Neil Peart, Bill Bruford, and Terry Bozzio.
 In 2008, Honoshowsky represented the United States at the YMCA Europe Festival in Prague, Czech Republic, giving two solo drum performances on the center stage.
 Honoshowsky studied briefly under Chris Pennie (Dillinger Escape Plan, Coheed and Cambria) and is currently studying under percussionist Billy Martin (Medeski Martin and Wood).
 He has performed with Cyro Baptista and Billy Martin's Student Bodies, with Billy's Mystery Riddim Band (featuring Kato Hidecki  and Shahzad Ismaily), as well as Billy's Fang Percussion Ensemble.
 He is also featured in Billy's DVD entitled "Life on Drums", which was released on October 8, 2010.
 Honoshowsky is most commonly known as the founder of No Use For Humans (NUFH), an avant-garde electronica band from New Jersey, and he's also the founder of the drumming collective "Speak Softly and Carry a Big Stick".
 Honoshowsky has performed and recorded with many metro New York City/ New Jersey bands, from hip-hop band Universal Rebel to world/avant-garde group In Petto, has toured the United States with hardcore band Hungry Housewives, and also performs solo sets under the name Soul Amputation.
 In addition to performing, Honoshowsky teaches private lessons, hosts drum workshops, and is a facilitator The Rhythmic Arts Project (TRAP) program for therapy and to increase coordination and motor skills for physically and mentally disabled people.
 In addition, Honoshowsky plays bass and a variety of keyboards/electronics/vocals.
Gene Mayer and Sandy Mayer were the defending champions and were one of sixteen teams in the second round.
Vytautas Kevin Gerulaitis (July 26, 1954 – September 17, 1994) was an American professional tennis player.
 In 1975, Gerulaitis won the men's doubles title at Wimbledon, partnering with Sandy Mayer.
 He won the men's singles title at one of the two Australian Open tournaments held in 1977 (Gerulaitis won the tournament that was held in December, while Roscoe Tanner won the earlier January tournament).
 Gerulaitis also won two Italian Open titles, in 1977 and 1979, and the WCT Finals in Dallas, in 1978.
Billy Martin (born December 25, 1956, in Evanston, Illinois, United States), is a right-handed former professional tennis player from the United States.
 During his career he won 1 singles titles and 3 doubles titles.
 He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 32 in 1975.
 Martin currently serves as the head coach for the UCLA Bruins men's tennis team, a position he has held for the past 24 years since 1994.
 Martin, who played at UCLA, has a 14 straight top 5 NCAA team finishes and a 9 consecutive 20-win seasons.
 He was named ITA (Intercollegiate Tennis Association) division 1 National Coach of the Year and is a member of ITA Hall of Fame.
"Where Would We Be Now" is the fifth and final single from Good Charlotte's fourth studio album, "Good Morning Revival".
 The song was written by Billy Martin, Joel Madden and Benji Madden and it is also sung by Benji.
 In an interview, Billy Martin said that the piano melody of the song was the first Good Charlotte song created with a piano.
The Laguna Niguel Classic is a defunct tennis tournament that was played on the Grand Prix tennis circuit in 1977.
 The event was held in Laguna Niguel, California and was played on outdoor hard courts.
 Andrew Pattison won the singles title while James Chico Hagey and Billy Martin partnered to win the doubles title.
Amulet Records is a record label based in New Jersey specialising in percussion, avant-garde, and experimental music.
 The label was established by the percussionist composer and visual artist Billy Martin in 1997, inspired by a percussion session with the Lounge Lizards drummers Grant Calvin Weston and Billy Martin who released their first duet record "Percussion Duets" in 1997.
