An Apsara is a female spirit from Hindu and Buddhist mythology.
Picobrouwerij Alvinne is a small brewery in the small hamlet of Moen near the Belgian city of Zwevegem.
 The name of the brewery derives from a female spirit of local folk tales, who can be seen depicted on the brewery's logo and labels.
Likhoradka (Russian: "Лихорадка", Serbian: "Милоснице" or "Milosnice") or tryasavitsa is a female spirit in Slavic mythology.
 Likhoradka was purported to be able to possess a person's body and cause sickness.
 In some tales, she is considered a creation of the dark deity Chernobog.
 Later Russian legends describe 12 Likhoradkas, with individual names associated with special illnesses.
 In modern Russian, the word likhoradka has obtained the meaning "fever".
 As a mythological figure, Likhoradka was related to the figure of Chuma, which in modern Russian is the term for plague.
 Likhoradka was sometimes portrayed as a tall woman with dishevelled hair, a pale face and a white dress, who brought sickness to people she tried to touch or to kiss.
Al Basty (Turkish: "Albastı"; Tatar, Kyrgyz, Kazakh: "Албасты", Chuvash: "Алпастă", Azerbaijanese: "Albasdı", Russian: "Албасты́") or Al Kardai is an ancient female spirit, the personification of guilt, found in folklore throughout the Caucasus mountains, with origins going as far back as Sumerian mythology.
The Fomorians (Old Irish: Fomoire , Modern Irish: Fomhóraigh ) are a supernatural race in Irish mythology.
 They are often portrayed as hostile and monstrous beings who come from the sea or underground.
 Later, they were portrayed as giants and sea raiders.
 They are enemies of Ireland's first settlers and opponents of the Tuatha Dé Danann, the other supernatural race in Irish mythology.
 However, their relationship with the Tuath Dé is complex and some of their members intermarry and have children.
 The Fomorians have thus been likened to the jötnar of Norse mythology.
A sea nymph, in mythology, is a female nature deity of the sea, or female spirit of sea waters.
Marine Tactical Electronic Warfare Training Squadron 1 (VMAQT-1) is a United States Marine Corps electronic warfare training squadron consisting of EA-6B Prowler jets.
 The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 (MAG-14) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
 The VMAQT-1 logo is the Banshee, an Irish mythological figure foretelling death.
 Its motto is “Tairngreacht Bas,” Gaelic for “Death Foretold.”
According to Hindu mythology, Pramlocha was an apsaras (a female spirit of the clouds and waters).
A banshee ( ; Modern Irish "bean sí", from Old Irish: "ban síde" , ] , "woman of the fairy mound" or "fairy woman") is a female spirit in Irish mythology who heralds the death of a family member, usually by shrieking or keening.
 Her name is connected to the mythologically-important tumuli or "mounds" that dot the Irish countryside, which are known as síde (singular "síd") in Old Irish.
A rusalka (Russian: руса́лка , "rusálka " ; Polish: "rusałka" ) is a water nymph, a female spirit in Slavic mythology and folklore.
 The term is sometimes translated from Bulgarian, Belarusian, Russian and Ukrainian as .
