Meryl Streep throughout the 2000s appeared in many cinematic and theatrical productions.
 In 2001, Streep’s voice appeared in the animated film A.I. Artificial Intelligence.
 Streep that same year cohosted the annual Nobel Peace Prize concert as well as appeared in the popular play The Seagull.
 In 2002, Streep appeared in the films Adaptation and The Hours.
 In 2003, Streep appeared unaccredited in the comedy Stuck on You and starred in the HBO play adaptation Angels in America.
 In 2004, Streep was awarded the AFI Life Achievement Award and in that same year starred in the films The Manchurian Candidate and Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events.
 In 2005, Streep starred in the film Prime.
 Streep began 2006 with the film A Prairie Home Companion and that same year starred in The Devil Wears Prada and the stage production Mother Courage and Her Children.
 In 2007, Streep appeared in the films Dark Matter, Rendition, Evening, and Lions for Lambs.
 In 2008, Streep starred in the films Mamma Mia!
 and Doubt.
 In 2009, Streep starred in Julie & Julia and It’s Complicated as well as loaning her voice to the animated film Fantastic Mr. Fox.
The Longford Lyell Award is a lifetime achievement award presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA), a non-profit organisation whose aim is "to identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television."
 The award is presented at the annual AACTA Awards Luncheon, which hand out accolades for technical achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films.
 From 1968 to 2010, the award was presented by the Australian Film Institute (AFI), the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards (known as the AFI Awards).
 When the AFI launched the Academy in 2011, it changed the annual ceremony to the AACTA Awards, with the current award being a continuum of the AFI Raymond Longford Award.
Martin Allen "Marty" Pasetta (June 16, 1932 – May 21, 2015) was an American television producer and director, best known for his work on the telecasts for multiple awards shows, including the Oscars, the Grammys, and the AFI Life Achievement Awards.
 He also directed "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour" along with the game shows "Wheel of Fortune" and "Love Connection".
 He also produced the game show "Catchphrase", which, while short-lived in the US, went onto a long run in the UK, where their adaptation ran from 1986 until 2002, and was revived again in 2013; Pasetta also co-produced a pilot for an American revival in 2006 that didn't sell (as well as late 1980s revisions called "Puzzle Roulette" and "The Puzzle Game", both of which were hosted by Jim Lange).
 He also produced two pilots in 1990; a revival of "Name That Tune" with Orion Television with Peter Allen as host, and a card game titled "Suit Yourself" with Jim Peck at the helm.
 1992 saw him produce a short-lived primetime game show for CBS called "The Hollywood Game", with Bob Goen (the pilot had been hosted by Allen, but he was unable to host the series due to illness).
The AFI Life Achievement Award was established by the Board of Directors of the American Film Institute on February 26, 1973, to honor a single individual for his or her lifetime contribution to enriching American culture through motion pictures and television.
 The recipient is selected and honored at a ceremony annually, with the award presented by a master of ceremonies and recently, the prior year's recipient, who usually gives a brief synopsis of the awarded individual and career background including highlights and achievements.
Michael Kirk Douglas (born September 25, 1944) is an American actor and producer.
 Douglas's career includes a diverse range of films in independent and blockbuster genres, for which he has received a number of accolades, both competitive and honorary.
 These awards include the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award for "outstanding contributions to the world of entertainment" and the AFI Life Achievement Award, which "honor[s] an individual whose career in motion pictures or television has greatly contributed to the enrichment of American culture".
George Cooper Stevens Jr. (born April 3, 1932) is an American writer, author, playwright, director and producer.
 He is the founder of the American Film Institute, creator of the AFI Life Achievement Award and instigator/producer of the Kennedy Center Honors.
 Since 2009 he has served as Co-Chairman of the President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities.
 Accolades to date for his professional career include seventeen Emmys, eight Writers Guild awards, two Peabody Awards, the Humanitas Prize and an Honorary Academy Award.
Shirley MacLaine (born Shirley MacLean Beaty; April 24, 1934) is an American film, television and theater actress, singer, dancer, activist and author.
 An Academy Award winner, MacLaine received the 40th AFI Life Achievement Award from the American Film Institute in 2012, and received the Kennedy Center Honors for her lifetime contributions to American culture through the performing arts in 2013.
 She is known for her New Age beliefs, and has an interest in spirituality and reincarnation.
 She has written a series of autobiographical works that describe these beliefs, document her world travels, and describe her Hollywood career.
The Polish Academy Life Achievement Award is an annual special award given for life achievement in Polish film.
Yosef Carmon is an Israeli actor and theater director.
 Born in Poland in 1933, he arrived in Palestine in 1946.
 He studied acting in London, and participated in numerous Israeli films and plays; Carmon has been an actor at the Cameri Theater for over 50 years, participating in 40 plays, of them 17 by playwright Hanoch Levin, including the title role in "Job's Passion", for which he received the "David's Violin" award.
 Other awards he has received include The Cameri Prize, The Moshe HaLevi Lifetime Achievement Award, and the Rosenblum Lifetime Achievement Award.
 Carmon has also directed several plays at the theater, including some of Levin's work; his film appearances include "Alila", "Mr. Baum", "Aunt Clara" and "Tel Aviv - Berlin".
Jane Fonda (born Jayne Seymour Fonda; December 21, 1937) is an American actress, writer, political activist, former fashion model and fitness guru.
 She is a two-time Academy Award winner and two time BAFTA Award winner.
 In 2014, she was the recipient of the American Film Institute AFI Life Achievement Award.
