"The Simpsons"' twenty-second season began airing on Fox on September 26, 2010 and ended on May 22, 2011.
 "The Simpsons" was renewed for at least two additional seasons during the twentieth season leading up to this season.
 The cast is currently signed through the 30th season (though the show almost got canceled in its 23rd season due to budget constraints).
 On November 11, 2010, the series was renewed for a 23rd season by Fox with 22 episodes.
John Frink (born May 5, 1964) is an American television writer and producer.
 He has written several episodes of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", many of which he co-wrote with his former writing partner Don Payne.
 Frink and Payne started their career in television writing for the short-lived sitcom "Hope and Gloria".
 They wrote their first episode of "The Simpsons" in 2000, and Frink still works on the show as a writer and executive producer.
"Monty Can't Buy Me Love" is the twenty-first episode of "The Simpsons"' tenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 2, 1999.
 In the episode, Mr. Burns is jealous of megastore owner Arthur Fortune, who is beloved by the people of Springfield.
 In order to win the people's love, Burns gathers the help of Homer Simpson, Professor Frink and Groundskeeper Willie to capture the Loch Ness monster.
"What to Expect When Bart's Expecting" is the nineteenth episode of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 549th episode of the series.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 27, 2014.
 It was written by John Frink and directed by Matthew Nastuk.
 In the episode, Bart makes a voodoo doll of his hippie art teacher when he gets sick of art class and cast a spell to make her sick, but when he inadvertently gets her pregnant, he becomes a savior to Springfield couples trying to conceive—and is subsequently kidnapped to help conceive a thoroughbred race horse.
"The Ned-Liest Catch" is the twenty-second episode and season finale of the twenty-second season of "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 22, 2011.
 This is the second season finale to end on a cliffhanger, with the first being "Who Shot Mr. Burns?
" from the sixth season.
 It is the third episode and the second one from season 22 (the other being "The Great Simpsina") to have no opening credits, blackboard or couch gag.
"Stop!
 Or My Dog Will Shoot" is the twentieth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighteenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 13, 2007.
 When Santa's Little Helper rescues a lost Homer, he becomes a local hero and the Simpsons decide to enroll him in Police Dog Academy, where he is teamed with Lou and they become a crime-busting duo.
 Bart's excitement quickly vanishes after an incident with a jaded Santa's Little Helper, so to appease Bart's depression after the loss of his dog, Marge agrees to buy him a huge pet snake, which causes a life-threatening situation at Bart and Lisa's school.
 It was written by John Frink and directed by Matthew Faughnan.
 Friend of the show Stephen Hawking makes his third guest appearance on the show as himself, while Maurice LaMarche does the voice of the Horn Stuffer.
 Rudy Giuliani makes a guest voice appearance as himself, although not in the original airing.
 The fan-favorite song "Freak On a Leash" by metal band,
"Days of Future Future" is the eighteenth episode of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 548th episode of the series.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 13, 2014.
 It was written by J. Stewart Burns and directed by Bob Anderson.
 The episode is a sequel to "Future-Drama" and a continuation of "Holidays of Future Passed", set 30 years from the present.
 In this futuristic installment, Bart goes to a clinic to rid himself of his feelings for his ex-wife Jenda (who is now dating a xenomorph-like alien named Jerry), Lisa must choose whether or not to cure her zombie husband Milhouse after he gets bitten by a homeless zombie, and Marge (after putting up with years of Homer dying and being cloned back to life by Professor Frink) loads Homer onto a flatscreen monitor and throws him out of the house.
"Treehouse of Horror XIV" is the first episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fifteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 2, 2003.
 In the fourteenth annual Treehouse of Horror episode, Homer takes on the role of the Grim Reaper ("Reaper Madness"), Professor Frink creates a Frankenstein-version of his deceased father ("Frinkenstein") and Bart and Milhouse obtain a time-stopping watch ("Stop the World, I Want to Goof Off").
 It was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by Steven Dean Moore.
 It guest stars Jerry Lewis as Professor John Frink Sr., and Jennifer Garner, Dudley Herschbach, and Oscar de la Hoya as themselves.
 The episode was nominated for the 2004 Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series (Dramatic Underscore).
"500 Keys" is the twenty-first episode of the twenty-second season of "The Simpsons".
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 15, 2011.
 It was written by John Frink and directed by Bob Anderson.
"All About Lisa" is the twentieth episode and season finale of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> nineteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 18, 2008.
 Lisa Simpson becomes Krusty the Clown's newest assistant and steals his spotlight.
 She wins Entertainer of the Year at the Springfield Media awards, but is warned that with her sudden fame comes a new attitude towards others and herself.
 Meanwhile, Homer and Bart bond over their newfound love of coin collecting.
 The episode features narration by Sideshow Mel.
 It was written by John Frink and directed by Steven Dean Moore.
 Drew Carey guest voices as himself, appearing as a guest on Krusty's show.
