Ockelbo-Lundgren, born "Erik Lundgren" (19 February 1919 – 16 September 1967), first became known during the 1940s when he became known as "Trollkarlen från Ockelbo" (The Wizard from Ockelbo) when he in a Ford 38 powered by a V8 engine with eight carburettors producing 280 hp participated in several races in speeds up to 220 km/h.
 He was a forest farmer and car dealer.
 His father was a blacksmith in Mo By and from him Erik Lundgren got his talent for constructing things.
 He raced around in various cars, often with his wife Ulla as co-driver.
Victoria Louise "Vicki" Fowler is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Emma Herry from the character's birth in 1986 to 1988, Samantha Leigh Martin from 1988 to 1995, and Scarlett Alice Johnson from 2003 to 2004.
 She is the daughter of Michelle Fowler (Susan Tully) and Den Watts (Leslie Grantham).
 The character is born in the serial, conceived in a controversial storyline about teenage pregnancy.
 Exploiting a whodunnit angle, at the time of the first showing, viewers were not initially told who was the father, and press interest in the fledgling show escalated as journalists attempted to guess.
 The audience finally discovered his identity in October 1985 in episode 66.
 Written by series co-creator/script-editor Tony Holland and directed by co-creator/producer Julia Smith, it was considered a landmark episode in the show's history.
 Early suspects were Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt) and Kelvin Carpenter (Paul J. Medford), but then four possible suspects are seen leaving the Square early in the episode: Tony Carpenter (Oscar James), Ali Osman (Nejdet Salih), Andy O'Brien (Ross Davidson), and Den Watts.
 As Michelle waits by their rendezvous point, a car pulls up and the fluffy white legs of the soap landlord's poodle Roly leap out of a car to give it all away: Den Watts is the father of Michelle's baby.
 After this storyline the programme started to appear in newspaper cartoons as it moved more and more into the public mainstream.
Chanelle Scott Calica (born 25 December 1983), better known by her stage name Shystie, is an English rapper-songwriter and actress.
 Her mother was born and raised in Barbados and her father born and raised in Grenada, making her heritage West-Indian.
 She grew up in Hackney, East London.
 Shystie started gaining fame in 2003 with her white label response to Dizzee Rascal's "I Luv U" and a tour with Basement Jaxx, The Streets and 50 Cent, which led to her being signed by major label Polydor.
 She is also the leading actress in the television series "Dubplate Drama".
Erik Watts (born December 19, 1967) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler.
 He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation in the 1990s.
 He is the son of WWE Hall of Famer Bill Watts.
Angela Lonsdale (born Angela Smith; 1970), is an English actress.
 Born to a policeman father, Lonsdale's passion for acting was showcased in the Brewery Youth Theatre at the Brewery Arts Centre, Kendal.
 Working behind the box office, Lonsdale's talent was nurtured by the then Arts Centre Director, Anne Pierson.
 She took part in a large number of amateur productions, including plays by local playwrights John Newman-Holden and Tim Bull.
 After initial rejection, Lonsdale then graduated from the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama.
 Lonsdale is best known for playing police officer Emma Taylor on "Coronation Street".
 Taylor married veteran character Curly Watts, played by Kevin Kennedy.
 After birth of their child, both characters left the programme in 2003.
 She then took a regular part in the long-running television series "The Bill".
 Lonsdale appeared as DI Eva Moore in the daytime BBC series "Doctors".
 She left on 21 October 2008 after being shot and presumed dead by an old criminal acquaintance, but in actual reality left Leatherbridge for her own and Jimmi's safety.
 She made a brief return to "Doctors" in September 2011.
 In 2012 and 2013 Lonsdale played the role of the mother in a family of wolves in children's TV drama "Wolfblood".
 Before they agreed on separation in 2010, Lonsdale was married to actor Perry Fenwick, who plays Billy Mitchell in "EastEnders".
Nathaniel Gist (15 October 1733 – 1812) was born in Maryland and fought during the French and Indian War and the American Revolutionary War.
 He was reputed to be the father of Sequoyah the famous Cherokee by Wurteh Watts.
 Like his father Christopher Gist (1706–1759), he served in Braddock's Expedition in 1755 and the Forbes Expedition in 1758.
 The outbreak of the American Revolution found him on the frontier.
 At first suspected of sympathizing with the British, he convinced the Americans of his loyalty.
James Princip Beadle (1863–1947), was an English painter of historical and military scenes.
 Born in Calcutta on 22 September 1863, his father was Major-General James Pattle Beadle.
 For three years, he studied with Legros at the Slade School in London and at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris under Alexandre Cabanel; his final studies were back in London with G.F. Watts.
The TCW Tag Team Championship was the primary professional wrestling tag team title of Turnbuckle Championship Wrestling.
 It was originally won by Scott Anton & Erik Watts who defeated Glacier & Jorge Estrada, coincidentally opponents for the TCW Heavyweight Championship, in Dothan, Alabama on March 3, 2001.
 Unlike the singles titles, the tag team titles changed hands very often when the promotion toured outside the state of Georgia, as far away as Alabama and Tennessee.
The Watts Prophets are a group of musicians and poets from Watts, California, United States.
 Like their contemporaries The Last Poets, the group combined elements of jazz music and spoken-word performance, making the trio one that is often seen as a forerunner of contemporary hip-hop music.
 Formed in 1967, the group comprised Richard Dedeaux, Father Amde Hamilton (born Anthony Hamilton), and Otis O'Solomon (also billed as Otis O'Solomon Smith) (O'Solomon removed the "Smith" from his name in the 1970s).
Dahlerup was born on 21 March 1942 in Testrup Folk High School south of Aarhus, where her father Erik Dahlerup was principal and her mother Elin Høgsbro Appel, a teacher.
 Together with her sisters, the literary historian Pil (born 1939) and Drude (born 1945), a women's rights researcher.
 When she was seven, the parents divorced and the children moved with their mother to Allerød.
 Despite her continued interest in folk high schools, Dahlerup did not matriculate as a student but spent a year in Switzerland after taking the "realeksam".
 She then worked in a variety of unskilled jobs before becoming a freelance journalist, translator and author.
