Alexander Randal Mark McDonnell, 9th Earl of Antrim, (born 3 February 1935) is the son of the late Randal John Somerled McDonnell, 8th Earl of Antrim (1911–1977).
 As the heir to his father's titles, he was styled Viscount Dunluce from his birth until 1977.
 He lives mostly at his ancestral home, Glenarm Castle, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Max Tatum Malone (born March 3, 1953) is the president of Malone Oil and Gas Exploration Company in Shreveport and a former Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate, in which he served from 1996 until January 14, 2008.
 Term-limited in the District 37 seat, which includes portions of Caddo and Bossier parishes in northwestern Louisiana, Malone could not seek a fourth term in the October 20, 2007, jungle primary.
 Among those who sought to succeed Malone were outgoing District 9 State Representative Billy Montgomery of Bossier City, who was term-limited himself as a state House member, and Montgomery's former House colleague, B.L. "Buddy" Shaw, a retired Shreveport educator and school board member.
 Shaw defeated Montgomery, 57-43 percent.
Karl Anthony Malone (born July 24, 1963) is an American retired professional basketball player.
 Nicknamed "The Mailman", Malone played the power forward position and spent his first 18 seasons (1985–2003) in the National Basketball Association (NBA) with the Utah Jazz and formed a formidable duo with his teammate John Stockton.
 Malone also played one season for the Los Angeles Lakers.
 Malone was a two-time NBA Most Valuable Player, a 14-time NBA All-Star, and an 11-time member of the All-NBA first team.
 He scored the second most career points in NBA history (36,928) (second behind Kareem Abdul-Jabbar), and holds the records for most free throws attempted and made, in addition to co-holding the record for the most first team All-NBA elections in history (tied with Kobe Bryant and LeBron James).
 He is considered one of the best power forwards in NBA history.
Chase Vincent Malone (born May 25, 1987), more commonly known as Cha Cha Malone, is an American singer, music producer, songwriter, composer, and member of b-boy crew Art of Movement (AOM), from Seattle, Washington.
 Malone is widely known for his work with Korean-American singer, friend, and fellow AOMG member, Jay Park, which began in 2010 with online hits "Bestie" and "Speechless", and has produced nine tracks for his multi-platinum and award-winning works, "Take A Deeper Look" and "New Breed".
 In 2011, Malone released an EP, "Breakthrough", through iTunes and Bandcamp.
 Aside from collaborations with Park, Malone has produced and worked with many other artists in South Korea, including Red Velvet, Shinhwa, Kara, Dok2, The Quiett, Beenzino, Brian Joo, U-KISS, Nu'est, ONE and B1A4.
 Malone's distinctive producer tag, the phrase 'I need a cha cha beat boy', is heavily associated with Jay Park's music.
Edward Joseph "Eddie" Malone, (born 6 April 1985) is a Scottish association football player, who currently plays for Forfar Athletic.
 He has also been on the books of many other Scottish clubs, as well as playing trial league matches with Greenock Morton and Berwick Rangers.
 Malone was born in Edinburgh and started his senior career with St Johnstone.
 He then played for Clyde and became the vice-captain of the team.
 He signed a contract with SPL club St Mirren on 30 January 2007 and then moved to Dundee for a month-long loan in November of that year.
 This turned into a permanent position in January 2008.
 He was released by the club on 4 May 2010 with eight other players.
 Malone played for Raith Rovers for the 2012–13 seasons and for Stenhousemuir for the 2013–14 season.
Jena Malone ( ; born November 21, 1984) is an American actress, musician and photographer.
 She made her acting debut in the television film "Bastard Out of Carolina" (1996); subsequently, Malone has starred in a number of mainstream and independent films including "Ellen Foster" (1997), "Contact" (1997), "Stepmom" (1998), "Donnie Darko" (2001), "Life as a House" (2001), "" (2003), "Saved!
" (2004), "Pride & Prejudice" (2005), "Into the Wild" (2007), "The Ruins" (2008), "Sucker Punch" (2011) and "The Neon Demon" (2016).
 Furthermore, Malone has portrayed the role of Johanna Mason in "The Hunger Games" film series.
 She is also an indie pop musician who has released music both under her own name (as "Jena Malone and Her Bloodstains") and as one-half of the duo The Shoe.
Malone University is a private, liberal arts college located in Canton, Ohio, United States.
 It was founded in 1892 by Walter and Emma Malone as a small, co-educational Bible institute called Cleveland Bible College.
 In Cleveland, Ohio.
 The institution has always maintained a close relationship with the Religious Society of Friends (Quakerism).
Little Haifa or New Preston St. (a tribute to Preston St., the original Jewish Enclave and home to two Jewish cemeteries in the Germantown neighborhood in Louisville, Kentucky) are the two nicknames for a large Jewish neighborhood on Dutchman's Lane in Louisville, Kentucky.
 The small neighborhood is the center of Louisville's Jewish communities, especially the Orthodox Jewish community.
 Located between the Highlands and St. Matthews neighborhoods, Little Haifa/New Preston is located on Dutchman's Lane stretching from Abigail Drive through Almara Circle, Vivian Lane, and Woodluck Avenue.
 It is home to Louisville's Jewish Community Center, Shalom Towers (Assisted living residence for the elderly of Louisville's Jewish community), Jewish Family & Vocational Services, Anshei Sfard & The Chabad House (aka Chabad Kentucky [Louisville's only Orthodox synagogues with the Chabad House also serving as a community center for the Orthodox Jewish community, making up two out of six total synagogues and temples in the Louisville Metropolitan Area]).
 Additionally, it is within close proximity to Adath Jeshuran and Kenneseth Israel Synagogues (Louisville's two conservative synagogues located in the Highlands, while the Temple and Temple Shalom are farther in the east end of Louisville).
 Almara Circle, Vivian Lane, Woodluck Avenue serve as the residential zone for most Jewish homeowners in the area, while most Jewish renters are located in Dutchman's Lane and Abigail Drive.
 There are also several houses and apartment buildings owned by synagogues and/or members of the Jewish community, that are used as housing for elderly, disabled, and financially unstable community members.
 Due to the high concentration of Jewish residents in this 1/4 mile stretch of area, the neighborhood is a very tight knit community.
Randal Johnson Malone (born May 29, 1959 in Owensboro, Kentucky) is an American actor.
Malone Springs is a watershed within the Fremont-Winema National Forest in Klamath County, Oregon, United States.
 It is 25 miles northwest of Klamath Falls on mile point 270 43.58 of Oregon Route 140.
 It provides access to a multi-mile canoe route (and loop) along the westernmost edge of the Upper Klamath National Wildlife Refuge.
 Malone Springs' location allows for close encounters with the teeming marsh of Upper Klamath Lake and outstanding views of old growth, mixed conifer forest on neighboring Pelican Butte immediately to the west.
