Dinhata College, (Bengali: দিনহাটা মহাবিদ্যালয়) established in 1956, is one of the oldest college in Dinhata.
 It offers undergraduate courses in arts, commerce and sciences.
 The campus is in the Cooch Behar district.
 It is affiliated to Cooch Behar Panchanan Barma University.
 Formerly affiliated to University of North Bengal.
Dinabandhu Mahavidyalay, is a general degree college in Bongaon, North 24 Parganas in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 It mainly offers undergraduate courses in arts, science and commerce.
 It is currently affiliated to West Bengal State University (formerly affiliated to University of Calcutta).
Gobardanga Hindu College, established in 1947, is a general degree college in Gobardanga, West Bengal, India.
 It offers undergraduate courses in arts, commerce and sciences.
 It is currently affiliated to West Bengal State University(formerly affiliated to University of Calcutta).
Dr. Marjorie Hass is the 20th president of Rhodes College in Memphis, TN.
 Her tenure at Rhodes began in July 2017.
 She previously served as president of Austin College in Sherman, TX from July 2009 to June 2017.
Yū Nakanishi (中西 悠 , Nakanishi Yū ) is a Japanese voice actress who is currently affiliated with Stardas 21.
 She was formerly affiliated with Aoni Production.
 She is not to be confused with another unrelated Japanese voice actress who is also affiliated with Stardas 21 named Haruka Nakanishi, which their full names only differentiate from one Kanji symbol.
 She has graduated from the Doshisha Women's College of Liberal Arts, which is a private college for women.
Barasat Government College (BGC) is a state Government-owned college in Barasat of West Bengal state of India.
 The College was established in 1950 and is affiliated with the West Bengal State University and run by the Government of West Bengal.
 It was formerly affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 It is a NAAC accredited with "A" grade & DST-FST sponsored college.
The Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Centenary College popularly known as Rahara V.C college is a general degree college, affiliated to the newly established West Bengal State University.
 It is named after Swami Vivekananda.
 It was formerly affiliated with the Calcutta University .
 It is administered by the Ramakrishna Mission Order.
 The College situated in Rahara, Khardaha, North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Rhodes College is a private, predominantly undergraduate, liberal arts college located in Memphis, Tennessee.
 Formerly affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (USA), Rhodes is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and enrolls approximately 2,000 students.
Debora L. Spar is the former President of Barnard College, a liberal arts college for women affiliated with Columbia University.
 As President of Barnard, she was also an academic dean within Columbia University.
 Spar was appointed Barnard's 7th president in July 2008 and replaced Judith Shapiro, Barnard's 6th president, after a teaching career at Harvard Business School where she was Professor of Business Administration and Senior Associate Dean for Faculty Research and Development.
 In November 2016, it was announced she would become the 10th president of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, beginning in March 2017.
Bidhannagar College (Bengali: বিধাননগর মহাবিদ্যালয়) Bidhannagar (Salt Lake), Kolkata, established in 1984, is a West Bengal State University affiliated college run by the Government of West Bengal.
 It was formerly affiliated to the University of Calcutta.
 Apart from undergraduate courses, the college offers postgraduate courses in Education, Microbiology, Chemistry and Zoology.
