The 2006–07 season was Ergotelis' 77th season in existence, first season in the Superleague following the club's promotion as champions of last year's Beta Ethniki, and second season overall in the competition.
 Ergotelis also participated in the Greek Cup, entering the competition in the Fourth Round.
 The club managed to achieve its pre-season goal to stay clear of relegation, finishing 9th overall and thus secured its participation in next year's edition of the top football competition in Greece.
 Furthermore, Ergotelis advanced to the Greek Cup Round of 16 (Fifth Round) for the second consecutive time before being eliminated by Greek giants PAOK.
 The season marked Ergotelis' 77th year in existence, since its establishment in August 1929.
The 2012 season was Malmö FF's 101st in existence, their 77th season in Allsvenskan and their 12th consecutive season in the league.
 They competed in Allsvenskan where they finished in 3rd position.
 Malmö FF also participated in one competition in which the club continued playing in for the 2013 season, 2012–13 Svenska Cupen.
 The season was Rikard Norlings first full season as the club's manager as he joined the club halfway through the 2011 season.
 Ulrich Vinzents was appointed new club captain as the former captain, Daniel Andersson, announced that he would prioritise his coaching career as one of Malmö FF's three assistant managers.
 However, injury problems for the club's defender saw Andersson playing ten out of twelve league matches before the break for UEFA Euro 2012 and thus also holding the captaincy, Andersson continued to play sporadically after the summer break.
 Appointed captain Vinzents was injured in an early stage of the season and Miiko Albornoz was brought into the starting eleven, Albornoz held the position until the end of the season.
 Due to these circumstances third captain Jiloan Hamad held the captaincy for the majority of the matches throughout the season.
The 1958 St. Louis Cardinals season was the team's 77th season in St. Louis, Missouri and its 67th season in the National League.
 The Cardinals went 72–82 during the season and finished 5th in the National League.
The 1977 New York Yankees season was the 75th season for the Yankees in New York and the 77th season overall for the franchise.
 It culminated in the 21st World Series championship in franchise history, and its first under the ownership of George Steinbrenner.
 The season was brought to life years later in the book, turned drama-documentary, "The Bronx is Burning."
The 2015–16 Philadelphia 76ers season was the 77th season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 It was also the second straight season that Joel Embiid, their third pick in the 2014 NBA draft, would not suit up for the 76ers due to a leg injury.
 Philadelphia broke the record for the longest losing streak in American professional sports history with 27 straight losses over this season and last season with a 114–116 loss to the Houston Rockets.
 The losing streak would reach to 28 games (with the 18 straight losses tying the record for longest opening season losing streak with the 2009–10 New Jersey Nets) before getting their first victory at home against the Los Angeles Lakers, which was also Kobe Bryant's last game against the 76ers in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia would also hire former Phoenix Suns owner, coach, general manager, and four-time NBA Executive of the Year winner Jerry Colangelo on December 7, 2015 as their Chairman of Basketball Operations.
 Eleven days later, former Denver Nuggets, Phoenix Suns, New York Knicks, and Los Angeles Lakers head coach Mike D'Antoni would join the team as an associate head coach.
 Near the end of the season, general manager Sam Hinkie would announce his resignation from his position, being replaced by Jerry's son Bryan Colangelo before the end of the season.
 Jerry would also announce his personal demotion from his original position afterwards.
 They finished just one game shy of tying the NBA record for most losses in a season set by themselves during their 1972–73 season when they went 9–73.
 However, it would be the season where Sam Hinkie's goal of "The Process" came into full fruition since they'd later earn the #1 selection in the 2016 NBA draft.
The 1968 St. Louis Cardinals season was the team's 87th season in St. Louis, Missouri and its 77th season in the National League.
 The Cardinals went 97–65 during the season, winning their second consecutive NL pennant, this time by nine games over the San Francisco Giants.
 They lost in 7 games to the Detroit Tigers in the 1968 World Series.
 The Cardinals would not return to postseason until 1982.
The 2017–18 Detroit Pistons season will be the 77th season of the franchise, the 70th in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and the first in Midtown Detroit.
 The Pistons moved from The Palace of Auburn Hills to the new Little Caesars Arena before the start of the season.
 This will be the first season where the Pistons have played in Detroit on a regular basis since 1978.
The 2014–15 season of PBC CSKA Moscow was the 77th season of the club, and the CSKA's 7th season in the VTB United League.
 The team won the league once again, after also finishing first in the regular season.
 In the Euroleague, the team ended fourth.
The 1988–89 season was Port Vale's 77th season of football in the Football League, and third successive (18th overall) season in the Third Division.
 They achieved promotion to the Second Division with a 2–1 aggregate win over Bristol Rovers in the two-legged play-off Final.
 This came after a long season in which Vale, who suffered an injury crisis in the second half of the season, were just pipped to the second automatic promotion spot by Sheffield United.
 The club also reached the Third Round of the FA Cup, Second Round of the League Cup, and the Preliminary Round of the League Trophy.
 John Rudge's main stars were top-scorer Darren Beckford, strike partner Ron Futcher, defender Simon Mills, midfielders Ray Walker and Robbie Earle, and Player of the Year Mark Grew.
 Returning star Andy Jones was disappointing in his loan spell, but Andy Porter and Dean Glover both made their débuts in what was Phil Sproson's last season at the club.
The 1979 New York Yankees season was the 77th season for the franchise in New York and its 79th season overall.
 The season was marked by the death of their starting catcher, Thurman Munson, on August 2.
 The team finished with a record of 89-71, finishing fourth in the American League East, 13.5 games behind the Baltimore Orioles, ending the Yankees' three-year domination of the AL East.
 New York was managed by Billy Martin, and Bob Lemon.
 The Yankees played at Yankee Stadium.
