Masters of Sex is an American period drama television series that premiered on September 29, 2013, on Showtime.
 It was developed by Michelle Ashford and loosely based on Thomas Maier's biography "Masters of Sex".
 Set in the 1950s through the early 1970s, the series tells the story of Masters and Johnson (Dr. William Masters and Virginia Johnson) who are portrayed by Michael Sheen and Lizzy Caplan.
 The series has received critical acclaim.
 It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Drama Series in 2013.
 The series was canceled by Showtime on November 30, 2016, after four seasons.
Suspension array technology (or SAT) is a high throughput, large-scale, and multiplexed screening platform used in molecular biology.
 SAT has been widely applied to genomic and proteomic research, such as single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) genotyping, genetic disease screening, gene expression profiling, screening drug discovery and clinical diagnosis.
 SAT uses microsphere beads (5.6 um in diameter) to prepare arrays.
 SAT allows for the simultaneous testing of multiple gene variants through the use of these microsphere beads as each type of microsphere bead has a unique identification based on variations in optical properties, most common is fluorescent colour.
 As each colour and intensity of colour has a unique wavelength, beads can easily be differentiated based on their wavelength intensity.
 Microspheres are readily suspendable in solution and exhibit favorable kinetics during an assay.
 Similar to flat microarrays (e.g. DNA microarray), an appropriate receptor molecule, such as DNA oligonucleotide probes, antibodies, or other proteins, attach themselves to the differently labeled microspheres.
 This produces thousands of microsphere array elements.
 Probe-target hybridization is usually detected by optically labeled targets, which determines the relative abundance of each target in the sample.
The orgasmic platform is the tissues of the outer third of the vagina, labeled by Masters and Johnson.
 They swell considerably, and the pubococcygeus muscle tightens, reducing the diameter of the opening of the vagina.
 During orgasm, women experience rhythmic contractions of the orgasmic platform.
The human sexual response cycle is a four-stage model of physiological responses to sexual stimulation, which, in order of their occurrence, are the excitement phase, plateau phase, orgasmic phase, and resolution phase.
 This physiological response model was first formulated by William H. Masters and Virginia E. Johnson in their 1966 book "Human Sexual Response".
 Since then, other human sexual response models have been formulated.
Stacie Powell (born 18 December 1985) is a British diver and astronomer.
 She represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing (10 metre platform and synchronized 10 metre platform) and at the 2012 Summer Olympics (10 metre platform).
 She is also a postgraduate student in astrophysics at the Institute of Astronomy Cambridge, researching FU Orionis.
 While an undergraduate at the University of Southampton she spent a year abroad working at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.
OneTaste is a business dedicated to researching and teaching the practices of "orgasmic meditation" and "slow sex".
 Though it embraces certain tenets based in Eastern philosophy, OneTaste's central focus is female orgasm and sexuality, especially in a practice called Orgasmic Meditation.
"Masters of Sex" is an American television drama series developed for television by Michelle Ashford and based on the biography "Masters of Sex: The Life and Times of William Masters and Virginia Johnson, the Couple Who Taught America How to Love" by Thomas Maier.
 "Masters of Sex" tells the story of Dr. William Masters (Michael Sheen) and Virginia Johnson (Lizzy Caplan), two pioneering researchers of human sexuality at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri.
 The series premiered on September 29, 2013 on Showtime.
 The series was cancelled after its fourth season.
Masters of Sex: The Life and Times of William Masters and Virginia Johnson, the Couple Who Taught America How to Love is a 2009 biography by Thomas Maier.
 The book chronicles the early lives and work of two American sexologists, Dr. William Masters and Virginia Johnson, who studied human sexuality from 1957 to the 1990s.
 The 2013 Showtime television series "Masters of Sex", starring Michael Sheen and Lizzy Caplan, is based on the book.
Pattukkottai Prabakar is an Indian writer of Tamil crime and detective fiction.
 He has also worked as a screenwriter in the Tamil film industry, and also for "Paramapadham", the first Tamil-language "mega-serial" to be shown on Doordarshan.
 Pattukkottai Prabakar was born to Shri.
 V. Radhakrishnan and Smt.R.Chandra on July 30, 1958.
 He completed his masters in economics in the renowned St.Joseph's college, Trichy.
 He pursued his career as an eminent writer.
 His debut as an author was in 1977, when his work was published in Ananda Vikatan.
 So far he has penned 200+ short stories, 300+ novels and 70+ serials.
 His versatility has taken his works to other languages too.
 His efficiency has been proved in publishing too, when he ran ungal junior and ullasa oonjal magazines for ten years.
 He has contributed towards the story, screenplay and dialogues for up to twenty five Tamil films.
 Television serials are a piece of cake for him, where he worked in projects like jeypathu nijam, paramapatham, gopuram, varam,etc..
 His works like Maram and Kanavugal ilavasam are part of literature syllabus in private colleges and two Ph.D scholars have acquired their doctorate by researching his writings.
Gong Yi (龔一) is a guqin master from Shanghai, presently one of the instrument's leading figures.
 Born in Nanjing, he trained first under several local players (including Liu Shaochun and Xia Yifeng) before proceeding to the Shanghai Conservatory where he absorbed a range of styles from such prominent masters as Zhang Ziqian, Xu Lisun, Gu Meigeng, and Wei Zhongle.
 Gong Yi has had, since the 1950s, a varied career performing, teaching, composing, and researching under the auspices of several institutions and ensembles, most notably the Shanghai Chinese Orchestra of which he was director and sole guqin player.
 In guqin circles he is particularly noted for his efforts toward integration of the instrument into the conservatory mainstream.
