Kid A is the fourth studio album by the English rock band Radiohead, released on 2 October 2000 by Parlophone.
 On the verge of a breakdown after promoting Radiohead's 1997 album "OK Computer", songwriter Thom Yorke envisioned a radical change in direction.
 Radiohead replaced their rock sound with synthesisers, drum machines, the ondes Martenot, string orchestras and brass instruments.
 They incorporated influences from genres such as electronic music, krautrock, jazz, and 20th-century classical music.
 They recorded "Kid A" with "OK Computer" producer Nigel Godrich in Paris, Copenhagen, Gloucestershire and their hometown Oxford, England.
 The sessions produced over 20 tracks, and Radiohead split the work in two albums: "Kid A" and "Amnesiac".
 The latter was released the following year.
"I Promise" is a song by the English rock band Radiohead, recorded during the sessions for their third album, "OK Computer" (1997).
 The band felt it was not strong enough to release at the time, but included it on the 2017 "OK Computer" reissue, "OK Computer OKNOTOK 1997 2017", and released it as a download with a music video on 2 June 2017.
OK Kid is a German band founded in mid-2012.
 Their name is made up of the album names "OK Computer" and "Kid A" from the band Radiohead.
OK Calculator is a demo collection from TV on the Radio which they self-released in 2002.
 The album's title alludes to Radiohead's album "OK Computer".
"Man of War" is a song by the English rock band Radiohead, recorded during the sessions for their third album, "OK Computer" (1997).
 It was unreleased until 2017, when it was included on the "OK Computer" reissue, "OK Computer OKNOTOK 1997 2017", and released as a download with a music video on 22 June.
OK Computer is the third studio album by English alternative rock band Radiohead, released in 1997 on EMI subsidiaries Parlophone and Capitol Records.
 The members of Radiohead self-produced the album with Nigel Godrich, an arrangement they have used for their subsequent albums.
 Other than the song "Lucky", which was recorded in 1995, Radiohead recorded the album in Oxfordshire and Bath between 1996 and early 1997, mostly in the historic mansion St Catherine's Court.
 The band made a deliberate attempt to distance themselves from the guitar-oriented, lyrically introspective style of their previous album, "The Bends".
 "OK Computer"' s abstract lyrics, densely layered sound and eclectic range of influences laid the groundwork for Radiohead's later, more experimental work.
"True Love Waits" is a song by the English alternative rock band Radiohead.
 Its lyrics address love, ageing, and abandonment.
 Radiohead first performed "True Love Waits" in 1995, and singer Thom Yorke performed it alone on acoustic guitar or Rhodes piano numerous times in the following years.
 The band and their producer Nigel Godrich attempted to record it for their albums "OK Computer" (1997), "Kid A" (2000) and "Amnesiac" (2001), but struggled to find an arrangement that satisfied them, and it became one of their most famous unreleased songs.
 A live recording from the "Amnesiac" tour was released on "" (2001).
OK Bartender is the ninth album by Richard Cheese.
 The album includes lounge music versions of contemporary pop, rock and rap hits and it is the band's first album to include voicemail messages from drunken fans.
 The title is a play on Radiohead's 1997 album "OK Computer".
OK Computer OKNOTOK 1997 2017 is a reissue of the 1997 album "OK Computer" by the English alternative rock band Radiohead.
 It was released in June 2017 on XL Recordings following XL's acquisition of Radiohead's back catalogue from EMI in 2016.
 The album is remastered and includes B-sides released on "OK Computer" singles, plus three previously unreleased songs: "I Promise", "Man of War", and "Lift".
 The special boxed edition includes an art book, notes, and a cassette tape of demos and session recordings.
 Unlike previous Radiohead reissues, released by EMI, the band selected the "OKNOTOK" material themselves.
"Lift" is a song by the English rock band Radiohead, recorded during the sessions for their third album, "OK Computer" (1997).
 It was unreleased until 2017, when it was included on the "OK Computer" reissue, "OK Computer OKNOTOK 1997 2017", in June 2017.
 Radiohead released a music video for the song in September.
