VGA Planets is a graphical, multi-player, space strategy war game.
 The game simulates combat in space between galactic scale empires.
 The game emphasizes colonization of space and the development of the planets that you find, colonize or conquer.
 Development of these resources determines what kind of starships (freighters and capital ships) that the player is able to produce.
 The game is designed to be a strategic and tactical game of warfare, with a strong emphasis on economic development.
 The game is set in the "Echo Cluster" where 11 different races fight for control.
 It was one of the first indie games to become commercially successful.
 It was notable for being played via email, without a central server: each game of up to 11 players is handled independently, with the players sending their orders for each turn to the computer which manages that game.
Megami Tensei Gaiden: Last Bible is a role-playing video game series developed by Multimedia Intelligence Transfer, Sega, and Menue, and published by Atlus and Sega for multiple platforms.
 The first game of the series, "Revelations: The Demon Slayer", was released in 1992; this is the only title in the series to have been released in English.
 After "The Demon Slayer", two sequels and five spin-off titles have been released.
 In the main series titles, players explore the game world and fight monsters in menu-based battles; players can also attempt to recruit monsters to their party, and can fuse two allied monsters into a single new one to try to get stronger monsters.
 The spin-off title "Another Bible" is a turn-based strategy game, while "Last Bible Special" is a role-playing game controlled from a first-person perspective.
Christchurch Adventure Park is an Adventure park in the Port Hills of Christchurch, New Zealand.
 Built by the Canadian company Select Evolution, it had its opening function on 16 December 2016.
 The 1500 holders of special passes could ride from 17 December, while the park opened to the public on 21 December.
 According to the developer, the 358 ha park with a 1.8 km chairlift and initially 50 km of downhill tracks is the largest facility of its kind in the Southern Hemisphere.
 The park closed on 13 February as a precaution due to a nearby fire and two days later, most of the park's tree cover had been destroyed in a large wildfire.
 The lift and ziplines have suffered significant damage, and the park's condition is much worse than the operator initially thought.
 No reopening date has been set, and "it won't be a quick fix".
Wild Rapids Waterslides was a water park located on the shores Sylvan Lake in the resort town of Sylvan Lake, Alberta, Canada.
 Opened to the public in 1982, it was Alberta's second-largest water park after the World Waterpark in Edmonton.
 Not to be confused with the now closed Wild Waters Waterslides in Edmonton, it was one of five waterslide parks in Alberta, and the last outdoor one.
 The park contained 12 slides, many small pools, three hot tubs, and a children's water playground.
 The park was set to close after the 2016 season after being opened for 34 years.
 The park was also located near Red Deer, and between Edmonton and Calgary.
 The park was also located along Alberta Highway 11A.
 The park was constructed on a pier, and the facility was the largest of its kind in western Canada.
"Yu-Gi-Oh!
" (遊戯王 , Yūgiō , lit.
 "Game King") has one original manga series ("Yu-Gi-Oh!
"), two anime series based on the manga ("Yu-Gi-Oh!
", and "Yu-Gi-Oh!
 Duel Monsters"), and a spin-off manga based on the original manga ("Yu-Gi-Oh!
 R").
 Yu-Gi-Oh!
 also has five different spin-off anime series ("Yu-Gi-Oh!
 GX", "Yu-Gi-Oh!
 Capsule Monsters", "Yu-Gi-Oh!
 5D's", "Yu-Gi-Oh!
 Zexal", and "Yu-Gi-Oh!
 Arc-V").
 The franchise also has four movies based on 3 of the anime series ("Yu-Gi-Oh!
", "", ""), and "" as well as a manga based on a spin-off anime ("Yu-Gi-Oh!
 GX").
Bubsy in Claws Encounters of the Furred Kind, known as Bubsy for short, is a platform video game released by Accolade in the early 1990s.
 It is the first game in the "Bubsy" series of video games.
 The game's name is a play on words in reference to "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", with the game revolving around Bubsy defending the planet's supply of yarnballs from alien invaders.
 The game received a sequel, "Bubsy 2", in 1994.
An art game (or arthouse game) is a work of interactive new media digital software art as well as a member of the "art game" subgenre of the serious video game.
 The term "art game" was first used academically in 2002 and it has come to be understood as describing a video game designed to emphasize art or whose structure is intended to produce some kind of reaction in its audience.
 Art games are "interactive" (usually "competitive" against the computer, self, or other players) and the result of "artistic intent" by the party offering the piece for consideration.
 They also typically go out of their way to have a unique, unconventional look, often standing out for aesthetic beauty or complexity in design.
 The concept has been extended by some art theorists to the realm of modified ("modded") gaming when modifications have been made to existing non-art games to produce graphic results intended to be viewed as an artistic display, as opposed to modifications intended to change game play scenarios or for storytelling.
 Modified games created for artistic purposes are sometimes referred to as "video game art".
Caprivi Game Park is a protected area in north eastern Namibia that is now called Bwabwata National Park.
 It was proclaimed as the Caprivi Game Reserve in 1966 and upgraded to the Caprivi Game Park in 1968.
 It was never managed as a game park as the area was a restricted security zone during Namibia’s liberation struggle.
 The South African Police and later the South African Defence Force occupied the area until the implementation of U.N. Resolution 435 in April 1989.
 The then Department of Nature Conservation appointed the first nature conservation officer and other staff and started work in the area.
 Many of the area's original Khwe San inhabitants, were conscripted into the army and lived in military bases such as Omega.
 At independence approximately 5000 people were living in the Caprivi Game Park.
 Caprivi Game Park, Mahango Game Reserve and an area known as the Kwando Triangle were incorporated into the Bwabwata National Park, which was proclaimed in 2007.
The Jackson Lake Ranger Station is the last Depression-era U.S. Forest Service ranger station in its original location in Grand Teton National Park.
 When first established, the park comprised only the mountainous terrain above Jackson Hole, while the remainder of what would eventually become the park was administered by the Forest Service as part of Teton National Forest.
 The Jackson Lake Station was built in 1933 as close as possible to Park Service property as possible as a kind of resistance to the park's expansion.
 The station was one of five Forest Service stations in the area, and was taken over by the National Park Service when Jackson Hole National Monument was established in 1943, later becoming an enlarged Grand Teton National Park.
 It is the only such station not to have been moved or altered by the Park Service.
Spoons is played in multiple rounds, and each player's objective is to grab a spoon.
 No spoon may be grabbed until one player has collected a four of a kind, but once the first player to get a four of a kind has grabbed a spoon, all players may immediately reach out to attempt to grab a spoon.
 No player may grab more than one spoon at a time.
 As in the game musical chairs, there is always one "fewer" spoon than there are players, so one player will always be left without a spoon.
 Depending on the variety of game being played, that player either loses the game and is eliminated, or continues playing but loses a point.
 When two players are left and one person gets four of a kind, it doesn't matter who gets the spoon.
 At that point, whoever gets it the fastest wins.
