The Godfather is the soundtrack from the film of the same name, released in 1972 by Paramount Records, and in 1991 on compact disc by MCA.
 Unless noted, the cues were composed by Nino Rota and conducted by Carlo Savina (who was credited on the LP, but not the CD).
 The song "I Have but One Heart" is sung by Al Martino, who performed it in the film as character Johnny Fontane.
Amarcord Nino Rota is an album by various artists, recorded as a tribute to composer Nino Rota.
The Godfather Part II is the soundtrack from the movie of the same name, released in 1974 by ABC, and 1991 on compact disc by MCA.
 The original score was composed by Nino Rota and conducted by Carmine Coppola, who also provided source music for the film.
 Rota expands upon two of the three main themes from the first film: "The Godfather Waltz" and "Michael's Theme", while "The Love Theme" from the first film makes a brief appearance during a flashback sequence ("Remember Vito Andolini").
 There are several new themes, including one for Kay (Diane Keaton), and two for young Vito (Robert De Niro): "The Immigrant Theme" and "The Tarantella", introduced in "A New Carpet".
8½ (Italian title: Otto e mezzo ] ) is a 1963 semi-autobiographical comedy-drama film directed by Federico Fellini.
 Co-scripted by Fellini, Tullio Pinelli, Ennio Flaiano, and Brunello Rondi, it stars Marcello Mastroianni as Guido Anselmi, a famous Italian film director.
 Shot in black-and-white by cinematographer Gianni di Venanzo, the film features a soundtrack by Nino Rota with costume and set designs by Piero Gherardi.
The Cold Nose is the debut album by Department of Eagles.
 It has been reissued twice.
 It was originally released in the US as The Whitey On The Moon UK LP on Isota Records on October 21, 2003, and reissued in the UK as The Cold Nose on Melodic Records on January 8, 2008.
 The American Dust October 7, 2008 US reissue contains four bonus tracks.
 The album is sample-heavy and multilayered.
 The second track, "Sailing By Night," contains a sample of the song "Meetings Along The Edge" from the Philip Glass and Ravi Shankar project "Passages", as well as a sample from the Yellow Magic Orchestra track, Rydeen.
 The third track "Noam Chomsky Spring Break 2002" samples the Regina Spektor song "Prisoners".
 It also samples Astor Piazzolla's composition "Oblivion" in the opening and closing sequences.
 The track "We Have to Respect Each Other" samples Shooby Taylor, the human horn, while the opening to "Forty Dollar Rug" samples "Il Teatrino Delle Suore" from Nino Rota's soundtrack to Giulietta Degli Spiriti.
Peter Dasent is a New Zealand born composer, pianist and songwriter who has lived and worked in Sydney, Australia since 1981.
 He played keyboards in the bands Spats, and The Crocodiles.
 He leads the chamber-jazz group the Umbrellas, is writing a book on the music of Nino Rota and currently works in music composition for film and television, most notably in the children's television series Play School.
Henny Koch (22 September 1854 – 13 June 1925) was a translator and a German children's author.
 She was born in Alsfeld, Grand Duchy of Hesse.
 From 1898 on, she lived in Jugenheim an der Bergstraße in Hessia, Germany, where she died in 1925.
 She produced the first German translation of Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn in 1890.
 Henny Koch wrote 29 books, mainly for young girls.
 Her books were published in eight countries.
 Her most successful work was a series of novels, beginning with Papas Junge, in which you can accompany the protagonist through her life as a young girl, a mother and grandmother.
 A film has been made based on this novel Il birichino di papà, Italy, 1943, directed by Raffaello Matarazzo with music by Nino Rota.
Il cappello di paglia di Firenze (literally translated as "The Florentine Straw Hat" but usually titled in English language productions as "The Italian Straw Hat") is an opera by Nino Rota to an Italian-language libretto by the composer and Ernesta Rota, based on the play "Le chapeau de paille d'Italie" by Eugène Labiche and Marc Michel.
Our Tune is a long-standing feature/segment on British radio presented by broadcaster Simon Bates.
 Having begun by at least 1979 it was originally part of his mid-morning show on BBC Radio 1, where it aired daily throughout the 1980s and early 1990s.
 The feature has more recently been heard on Smooth Radio, where Bates presented the Breakfast Show from 2011 to 2014.
 An edition of "Our Tune" typically features a personal story submitted by a listener together with a song that has significance to the person or situation.
 Many of these stories, which are read out over Nino Rota's Love Theme from "Romeo and Juliet" have a tragic narrative such as illness or death, although not all end on such an unhappy note.
The soundtrack for the 1968 film "Romeo and Juliet" was composed and conducted by Nino Rota.
 It was originally released as a vinyl record, containing nine entries, most notably the song "What Is a Youth", composed by Nino Rota, written by Eugene Walter and performed by Glen Weston.
 The music score won a Silver Ribbon award of the Italian National Syndicate of Film Journalists in 1968 and was nominated for two other awards (BAFTA Award for Best Film Music in 1968 and Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score in 1969).
