EDISON also known as 陳冠希EDISON was released on November 30, 2000 by Hong Kong pop singer-actor Edison Chen.
In 2008, intimate and private photographs of Hong Kong actor Edison Chen with various women, including actresses Gillian Chung, Bobo Chan, Rachel Ngan, and Cecilia Cheung, were unlawfully distributed over the Internet.
 The scandal shook the Hong Kong entertainment industry and received high-profile media attention locally and around the world.
 Many local newspapers headlined the story consecutively during the first fortnight of February 2008, relegating coverage of the 2008 Chinese winter storms to secondary prominence during Chinese New Year.
Kwok Kin Pong (, born 30 March 1987 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional footballer playing for Hong Kong Premier League club HK Pegasus.
 He plays as a defender or midfielder.
 As he resembles Hong Kong artist and singer Edison Chen, he was given the nickname 'Edison'.
Almost Perfect is a 2011 drama film written and directed by Bertha Bay-Sa Pan starring Kelly Hu, Ivan Shaw, Edison Chen, Roger Rees, Kristy Wu, and Tina Chen.
 Pan received an HBO Emerging Filmmaker Award at the 2011 Philadelphia Asian American Film Festival for the film.
Dr. Kwok Kin Poon (潘國鍵, 1949- ) was born in Guangdong, China.
 He is a historian, a teacher, a Chinese calligrapher as well as a columnist.
 He studied under the renowned Chinese historian, Keng-wang Yen (), at the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) in the seventies, and eventually obtained his B.A., M.Phil.
 degrees, as well as a Diploma in Education from the CUHK.
 Subsequently, he obtained his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Hong Kong, and a M.Ed degree from the University of Toronto.
 One of his major contributions to the studies of Chinese History is his book "The Northern Wei State and Juan-juan Nomadic Tribe"《北魏與蠕蠕關係研究》.
Mark Kwok Kin Ming (also "Kwok Kin Ming", ; born June 20, 1977) is a Hong Kong former swimmer, who specialized in middle-distance freestyle but also competed in butterfly and individual medley.
 He is a two-time Olympian (1996 and 2000), and a bronze medalist at the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand.
 He also holds numerous Hong Kong records in 200, 400, and 800 m freestyle, and retains a dual resident status to compete internationally for his father's homeland.
 While studying in the United States, Kwok has competed for the USC Trojans, and has received four All-American honors at the NCAA Men's Swimming and Diving Championships in four consecutive seasons.
Lau Kwok Kin (; born 17 January 1977) is a fencer from Hong Kong, China who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the men's foil team competition.
 He also competed at the 2004 and 2008 Olympic Games
The Sniper () is a 2009 Hong Kong action thriller film directed by Dante Lam and starring Richie Jen, Edison Chen and Huang Xiaoming, as top snipers for the Hong Kong Police Force.
 The film was originally set to be released in May 2008, but was delayed due to the Edison Chen photo scandal.
 This is Chen's final film in Hong Kong as of 2015.
Ed Is On is the first Mandarin language album by Hong Kong singer-actor Edison Chen.
The Twins Effect II is a 2004 Hong Kong action fantasy film directed by Corey Yuen and Patrick Leung.
 The film is a sequel to "The Twins Effect" (2003), but has a completely different story from the first film.
 It starred Charlene Choi and Gillian Chung of Cantopop duo Twins in the leading roles.
 Co-stars include Donnie Yen, Daniel Wu, Edison Chen, Wilson Chen, Tony Leung Ka-fai, Qu Ying, Fan Bingbing and Jim Chim.
 Jackie Chan also makes a cameo appearance, along with his son Jaycee Chan who is in his debut.
 The film's original English working title was Huadu Chronicles: Blade of Rose and its US DVD release title is Blade of Kings.
