The education system in Morocco comprises pre-school, primary, secondary and tertiary levels.
 School education is supervised by the Ministry of National Education, with considerable devolution to the regional level.
 Higher education falls under the Ministry of Higher Education and Executive Training.
Education in Mauritius is managed by the Ministry of Education & Human Resources, which controls the development and administration of state schools funded by government, but also has an advisory and supervisory role in respect of private schools.
 The Tertiary education is maintained by the Ministry of Tertiary Education, Science, Research and Technology.
 The government of Mauritius provides free education to its citizens from pre-primary to tertiary levels.
 Since July 2005, the government also introduced free transport for all students.
 Schooling is compulsory up to the age of 16.
 Mauritian students consistently rank top in the world each year for the Cambridge International O Level, International A and AS level examinations.
Benjamin Yeo (born 1985) is a Singaporean composer and conductor who is notable internationally for his original wind band works.
 He is currently the conductor of the Saint Andrew's School Military Band.
 His music education started at the age of 7 and he played the trumpet in his secondary school and junior college.
 Being very active in the local band scene, he has guest-performed for many tertiary groups as well as guest-conducted many ensembles in Singapore.
 His experience in band directing has enabled him to work with students across a wide spectrum of educational institutions – from primary to tertiary levels.
 As a band enthusiast, he started writing and arranging music for wind bands and ensembles at the age of 15, and his works have also been performed publicly in local and overseas concerts.
 Benjamin has also been invited to serve as an adjudicator for events such as the Junior Band Festival in Singapore.
Education in Albania for primary, secondary, and tertiary levels are mostly supported by the state.
 The academic year is much similar to that as in the United States, clases starts almost in September or October and end in June or July.
 Albanian is the language of instruction in all public schools.
 The education takes place in three stages such as the primary, secondary, and pre-university education.
 However, there are about 5000 schools throughout the nation.
The Greek educational system is mainly divided into three levels: primary, secondary and tertiary, with an additional post-secondary level providing vocational training.
 Primary education is divided into kindergarten lasting one or two years, and primary school spanning six years (ages 6 to 12).
 Secondary education comprises two stages: Gymnasio (variously translated as Middle or Junior High School), a three-year school, after which students can attend Lykeion (an academically oriented high school) or Vocational training.
 Higher Tertiary education is provided by Universities and Polytechnics, Technological Educational Institutes (T.E.I., 1983–present) and Academies which primarily cater for the military and the clergy.
 Undergraduate courses typically last 4 years (5 in polytechnics and some technical/art schools, and 6 in medical schools), postgraduate (MSc level) courses last from 1 to 2 years and doctorates (PhD level) from 3 to 6 years.
"'Free education".
 Many models of free higher education have been proposed.
 Primary school and other comprehensive or compulsory education is free in many countries, for example, and all education is mostly free (often not including books (from primary) and a number of administrative and sundry fees in university) including post-graduate studies in the Nordic countries.
 The Article 13 of International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights ensures the right to free education at primary education and progressive introduction of it at secondary and higher education as the right to education.
 From 2013 in Northern Europe, Estonia started providing free higher education as well.
 In Argentina, Norway and Finland, no fees apply for foreign students enrolling at a university, although they may not be eligible for a monthly study allowance and loan.
 Bachelor's degree programmes in Norway are solely taught in Norwegian.
 Master's degree programmes in Norway are offered in either Norwegian or English depending on the programme or university.
 Sweden, until the early-21st century, provided free education to foreign students but changes have been introduced to charge fees to foreign students from outside of the European community.
 Denmark also has universal free education, and provides a monthly stipend, the "Statens Uddannelsesstøtte" or "SU", to students over 18 years of age or students who are under 18 and attending a higher education.
 Bachelor and master's degree programmes in Denmark are offered in either Danish or English depending on the programme or university.
 Czech Republic, Greece, Turkey and Argentina provide free education at all levels, including college and university.
Secondary education covers two phases on the International Standard Classification of Education scale.
 Level 2 or lower secondary education (less common junior secondary education) is considered the second and final phase of basic education, and level 3 (upper) secondary education is the stage before tertiary education.
 Every country aims to provide basic education, but the systems and terminology remain unique to them.
 Secondary education typically takes place after six years of primary education and is followed by higher education, vocational education or employment.
 Like primary education, in most countries secondary education is compulsory, at least until the age of 16.
 Children typically enter the lower secondary phase around age 11.
 Compulsory education sometimes extends to age 19.
Education in state institutions is free at the initial, primary, secondary and tertiary levels and in the undergraduate university level (not for graduate programs).
 Private education is paid, although in some cases (especially in primary and secondary schools) state subsidies support its costs.
 According to studies by UNESCO, education in Argentina and Uruguay guarantee equality to have institutional features that hinder the commercialization of education, as well as Finland has characteristics that favor multiethnic population education and special education, education favors Argentina equality.
 According to the last census, the illiteracy rate is 1.9%, the second lowest in Latin America.
 In the last decade, Argentina has created nine new universities, while the outflow of university students increased by 68%.
Education in the British Virgin Islands is largely free and is a requirement for children ages 5 to 17.
 The British Virgin Islands has a total of 15 public primary schools and 4 secondary public schools.
 In addition to the public schools, there are 10 primary private schools and 3 secondary private schools.
 The School year is from September to June.
 The British Virgin Islands is a part of the British Overseas Territories and therefore the educational system is very similar to the traditional learning system in the United Kingdom.
 Primary schools are focused on establishing the basics of an academic curriculum and host students between the ages of 5 to 12.
 After the completion of Primary school, students move on to Secondary school.
 Secondary school is for students between the ages of 13 and 17.
 Following the completion of secondary education, students may write their Caribbean secondary education certificate examination.
 There are approximately 2,700 students who attend primary school for the first 7 years of their required education, however less than 1,800 students successfully finish the following 5 required years of secondary school and complete their certificate exam.
 Tertiary Education is by no means required in the British Virgin Islands.
 Students who chose to continue their education after Secondary Education may move on to an additional 2 years of schooling.
 After 2 years of Tertiary Education is completed, students may take their Caribbean advanced placement examinations.
 Passing the exams entitles students the right to continue their studies even further at the University of the Virgin Island.
 This University is the only tertiary education institution in the British Virgin Islands.
 At the University, students can obtain associate, bachelors, and master's degrees in the departments of business, education, liberal arts and social sciences, or science and mathematic.
Tertiary education, also referred to as third stage, third level, and post-secondary education, is the educational level following the completion of a school providing a secondary education.
 The World Bank, for example, defines tertiary education as including universities as well as institutions that teach specific capacities of higher learning such as colleges, technical training institutes, community colleges, nursing schools, research laboratories, centers of excellence, and distance learning centers.
 Higher education is taken to include undergraduate and postgraduate education, while vocational education and training beyond secondary education is known as "further education" in the United Kingdom, or "continuing education" in the United States.
