Konrad Fuchs (October 15, 1897 Dingelsdorf near Konstanz - November 13, 2006 in Hegne (Baden-Württemberg)) was, at the time of his death, the oldest living Catholic priest in Europe at 109 years and 29 days old, Germany's second-oldest man, and one of the last German First World War veterans.
 He was the son of a churchwarden.
 Fuchs met Georg Gänswein when Ganswein was an altar boy, the two kept in touch and continued to correspond in Fuchs' last years when Ganswein was secretary to Pope Benedict XVI.
Hurricane Keith was an Atlantic hurricane in October 2000 that caused extensive damage in Central America, especially in Mexico and Belize.
 It was the fifteenth tropical cyclone, eleventh named storm, and seventh hurricane of the that year's Atlantic hurricane season.
 Keith developed as a tropical depression from a tropical wave in the western Caribbean Sea on September 28.
 The depression gradually strengthened, and became Tropical Storm Keith on the following day.
 As the storm tracked westward, it continued to intensify and was upgraded to a hurricane on September 30.
 Shortly thereafter, Keith began to rapidly deepen, and peaked as a Category 4 hurricane less than 24 hours later.
 Keith then began to meander erratically offshore of Belize, which significantly weakened the storm due to land interaction.
 By late on October 2, Keith made landfall in Ambergris Caye, Belize as a minimal hurricane.
 It quickly weakened to a tropical storm, before another landfall occurred near Belize City early on the following day.
 While moving inland over the Yucatán Peninsula, Keith weakened further, and was downgraded to a tropical depression before emerging into the Gulf of Mexico on October 4.
 Once in the Gulf of Mexico, Keith began to re-strengthen and was upgraded to a tropical storm later that day, and a hurricane on the following day.
 By late on October 5, Keith made its third and final landfall near Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico as a moderately strong Category 1 hurricane.
 The storm quickly weakened inland and dissipated as a tropical cyclone by 24 hours after landfall.
Keith Konrad Slettedahl (born August 9, 1973) is an American musician.
 He is the singer and songwriter for Los Angeles pop rock group The 88.
 In 2006, he appeared in the episode "Best Prom Ever" on the sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", playing a gig with his band on a High School-Prom.
Konrad is the recording and stage name of Jeffrey Konrad, an American songwriter, record producer and musician.
 Konrad runs the independent record label Radical Turf Records, a label that specializes in experimental, alternative and electronic music.
 Konrad has appeared on half a dozen compilation albums for various record labels and has been played on North American college radio.
Tracy McConnell, better known as "The Mother", is the title character from the CBS television sitcom "How I Met Your Mother".
 The show, narrated by Future Ted, tells the story of how Ted Mosby met The Mother.
 Tracy McConnell appears in 8 episodes from "Lucky Penny" to "The Time Travelers" as an unseen character; she was first seen fully in "Something New" and was promoted to a main character in season 9.
 The Mother is played by Cristin Milioti.
How I Met Your Music is the name of two albums (the first being followed by the subtitle (Original Songs from the Hit Series "How I Met Your Mother"), the second being followed by Deluxe) composed of songs from the CBS television series "How I Met Your Mother", the first of which was released hours before the Season 8 premiere.
 It features 20 songs that had appeared in the first seven series on the show and was released only digitally, originally through iTunes.
 A second iteration, titled "How I Met Your Music: Deluxe" album, was released a year later.
 It contains an entirely different play list.
 Many critics have said that the albums reflect the series' consistently effective use of music.
The Konrad KM-011 was a sports prototype built for Group C racing in the 1991 World Sportscar Championship season.
 The car was part of a brief partnership between Konrad Motorsport and Lamborghini.
The 88 was an American pop rock band from Los Angeles, California.
 The group consisted of Keith Slettedahl (vocals and guitar), Adam Merrin (keyboards and vocals), Anthony Zimmitti (drums and percussion), and Todd O'Keefe (bass and vocals).
 Meeting in high school in Calabasas, California, Adam Merrin and Keith Slettedahl formed the band in 2002.
 The band's popularity grew from high-profile song placements in video games, films, commercials, and popular TV shows.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" in 2017, by order of first appearance.
 All characters are introduced by the show's executive producer Sean O'Connor or his temporary successor as creative director, John Yorke.
 The first character to be introduced was Keegan Baker (Zack Morris), a friend of Shakil Kazemi (Shaheen Jafargholi), followed by Emerald Fox (Doña Croll), the mother of Denise Fox (Diane Parish) and Kim Fox-Hubbard (Tameka Empson).
 Madison Drake (Seraphina Beh), Alexandra D'Costa (Sydney Craven) and Travis Law-Hughes (Alex James-Phelps), three new teenage characters, were also introduced in January as well as their school teacher Mr Gethin Pryce (Cerith Flinn) and Hugo Browning (Simon Williams), the chairman of Weyland & Co.
 The following month, Preston Cooper (Martin Anzor), a student with whom Michelle Fowler (Jenna Russell) had an illegal relationship in the United States, and Konrad Topolski (Piotr Baumann), a love interest for Shirley Carter (Linda Henry), made their first appearances.
The ninth and final season of "How I Met Your Mother", an American sitcom created by Carter Bays and Craig Thomas, premiered on CBS on September 23, 2013, with two episodes, and concluded on March 31, 2014.
 The show was renewed for the final season on December 21, 2012, after cast member Jason Segel changed his decision to leave the show after Season 8.
 Cristin Milioti, who was revealed as "The Mother" in the Season 8 finale, was promoted to a series regular, the only time "How I Met Your Mother" added a new regular cast member.
 Season 9 consists of 24 episodes, each running approximately 22 minutes in length.
