Killochan railway station was located in a rural part of South Ayrshire, Scotland and mainly served the nearby Killochan Castle estate.
 The Killochan bank is the name given to this section of the line, running from Girvan on an uphill gradient to just north of the old station site.
 Maybole is around nine miles away and Girvan two miles.
Kala pahar is the highest peak of Greater Sylhet.
 It is also the highest point of the southern part of Bangladesh.
 Located near Robir bazar of Kulaura upazila in Moulvibazar district it is only 3–4 hours trekked distance from Azgarabad Tea Estate.
 This peak is also accessible from Rajki tea estate near Fultola bazar of Juri upazila.
 The hill range of Kala pahar is locally known as Longla ridge.
 'Kala pahar' is the local name of the highest peak.
 According to Bangladesh Geographic society this hill is also known as 'Hararganj pahar'.
 In Bengali language 'hill' word means 'Pahar'.
 Situated in the north-eastern part of our country 60% of the range is in Bangladesh and the rest is in the Northern Tripura state of India.
 The part of this hill is known as Raghunandan pahar in Tripura.
 The famous ancient archaeological religious site of india ‘Unokoti’ lies at the foot of this hill.
 Kala pahar is about 1,100 feet high from the sea level.
 In November,2015 few members of local adventure group BD Explorer explored this peak and measured the highest point as 1,098 feet (from sea level) with Garmin handheld gps.
 The view from the peak is awesome.
 During Autumn season,if the sky is clear one can observe the blue water of Hakaluki haor(Largest haor of Bangladesh) from the high point of kala pahar .
There are few Khashian establishments adjacent to this hill.
 Like Nunchora punji,Panaichora punji,Putichora punji and Baigonchora punji.
 According to Khashian language 'village' is term as 'Punji'.
Ivinghoe Beacon is a prominent hill and landmark in the Chiltern Hills, standing 233 m (757 ft) above sea level.
 It is situated close to the village of Ivinghoe in Buckinghamshire, the Ashridge Estate, and the villages of Aldbury and Little Gaddesden in Hertfordshire and is managed and owned by the National Trust.
 Ivinghoe Beacon is part of the Ivinghoe Hills Site of Special Scientific Interest.
 It lies between the towns of Dunstable in Bedfordshire, and Berkhamsted and Tring in Hertfordshire.
 It is the starting point of the Icknield Way to the east, and the Ridgeway long-distance path to the west.
The Richmond Hill Inn was a 25-room Inn located on the Historic Richmond Hill estate in North Carolina.
 It was a Queen Anne style mansion that was built in 1889 and has now been gutted by the arson fire.
 It served as the private residence of ambassador and congressman Richmond Pearson.
 Its name derives from a combination of its builder, Richmond Pearson, and the designer, James G. Hill.
 At the time of its construction, the mansion was one of the most elegant structures in Asheville, with running water, ten fireplaces, and a pulley-operated baggage elevator.
 It served as a center for social and political activity for many years during Pearson's life.
 The Estate is located on French Broad River, surrounded by rolling grounds with gardens.
Aldbury is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England, near the borders of Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire in the Bulbourne valley close to Ashridge Park.
 The nearest town is Tring.
 Uphill in the narrow vale are the Bridgewater monument and the Ashridge estate.
 It is noted for its picturesque setting and has been referred to as a "chocolate-box" village due to its traditional appearance.
Park Hill is a council housing estate in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
 It was built between 1957 and 1961, and in 1998 was given Grade II* listed building status.
 Following a period of decline, the estate is being renovated by developers Urban Splash.
 The renovation was one of the six short-listed projects for the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
 The Estate falls within the Manor Castle ward of the City.
 Park Hill is also the name of the area in which the flats are sited.
 The name relates to the deer park attached to Sheffield Manor, the remnant of which is now known as Norfolk Park.
The Hundred of Redhill is a cadastral unit of hundred located in the Mid North of South Australia spanning the northern Barunga Range.
 It is one of the 16 hundreds of the County of Daly and was named in 1869 by Governor James Fergusson after the same hill giving rise to the name for the township of Redhill, uphill from the west bank of the Broughton River.
Blue Streak is a wooden roller coaster built in 1937 at Conneaut Lake Park in Conneaut Lake, Pennsylvania.
 It is the only wooden coaster operating in the park and the biggest.
 Blue Streak follows an out and back design.
 It is the 17th oldest wooden roller coaster in the United States, and it is one of two shallow coasters designed by Ed Vettel still operating.
 The second is The Cyclone at Lakeside Amusement Park in Denver, Colorado.
 This Blue Streak at Conneaut Lake Park first opened in 1938.
 The layout of the Blue Streak is very simple out and back style roller coaster.
 The trains immediately enters a tunnel in the shape of an 'S" and enters a 77 foot high climb up the lift hill.
 The train plummets down the first drop reaching up to top speed of 50 Mph and into a flat section.
 The flat section is followed by 2 medium size hills, then a wide turnaround section.
 After the turnaround, there is the uphill turn.
 The uphill turn slams riders against their seat.
 The train then follows 4 smaller camel back hills, providing airtime, then entering the break run and making a 360 degree turn back into the platform/station.
Columb John (today "Columbjohn") in the parish of Broadclyst in Devon, England, is an historic estate and was briefly the seat of the prominent Acland family which later moved to the adjacent estate of Killerton.
 Nothing of the structure of the Acland mansion house survives except the arch to the gatehouse, dated about 1590, and the private chapel, restored in 1851.
 The site of the former mansion house is situated one mile due west of Killerton House, and five miles north-east of the historic centre of the City of Exeter.
 The estate's name derives from it having been held by the Culme family, whose own name was taken from its landholdings in the vicinity of the River Culm, which flows through the Columb John estate.
Spring Hill, East Cowes is an estate on the Isle of Wight, England, the centre-piece of which is the large landmark manor house of the same name.
 It was to become the family home of the Shedden family.
 The estate is ideally placed, having sweeping views over The Solent.
 It currently occupies 22 acres, although in years gone by, it was much bigger, probably amounting to around 100 acres.
 However, even today, it still encompasses Spring Hill House, a farmhouse, farm cottage, a gatehouse, one other large residence and around half a dozen fields.
 From the 1800s, East Cowes contained four prominent estates, with Spring Hill being amongst the first of them to be built.
 Spring Hill lay between East Cowes Castle and Norris Castle, with Osborne House, the country estate of Queen Victoria, close by.
