Handheld camera, shaky cam, queasy cam, queasicam, hand-held camera or free camera is a cinematographic technique where stable-image techniques are purposely dispensed with.
 The camera is held in the hand, or given the appearance of being hand-held, and in many cases shots are limited to what one photographer could have accomplished with one camera.
 Shaky cam is often employed to give a film sequence an ad hoc, electronic news-gathering, or documentary film feel.
 It suggests unprepared, unrehearsed filming of reality, and can provide a sense of dynamics, immersion, instability or nervousness.
 The technique can be used to give a pseudo-documentary or "cinéma vérité" appearance to a film.
Mosaic is an animated superhero film about a new character created by Stan Lee.
 It features the voice of Anna Paquin as Maggie Nelson with supporting roles done by Kirby Morrow, Cam Clarke, Garry Chalk, Ron Halder, and Nicole Oliver.
 It was released under the "Stan Lee Presents" banner, which is a series of direct-to-DVD animated films distributed by POW Entertainment with Anchor Bay Entertainment.
 The story was by Stan Lee, with the script by former X-Men writer Scott Lobdell.
A cam (camrip or camming, deriving from "camcorder") is a bootleg recording of a film.
 Unlike the more common DVD rip or screener recording methods which involve the duplication of officially distributed media, cam versions are original clandestine recordings made in movie theaters.
Computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) is the use of software to control machine tools and related ones in the manufacturing of workpieces.
 This is not the only definition for CAM, but it is the most common; CAM may also refer to the use of a computer to assist in all operations of a manufacturing plant, including planning, management, transportation and storage.
 Its primary purpose is to create a faster production process and components and tooling with more precise dimensions and material consistency, which in some cases, uses only the required amount of raw material (thus minimizing waste), while simultaneously reducing energy consumption.
Akira (あきら, アキラ ) is a common Japanese given name.
 There are several kanji for Akira.
 A popular kanji is 明 which means "bright", "intelligent", or "clear".
 Though Akira is normally used to name males, it can be a female name as well.
Common Area Maintenance charges, or CAM for short, are one of the net charges billed to tenants in a commercial triple net (NNN) lease, and are paid by tenants to the landlord of a commercial property.
 A CAM charge is an additional rent, charged on top of base rent, and is mainly composed of maintenance fees for work performed on the common area of a property.
Cameron Arthur "Cam" Clarke (born November 6, 1957) is an American voice actor and singer, known for his voice-work in animation and video games.
 He is best known for providing the voices of Leonardo and Rocksteady in the original "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" animated series and Shotaro Kaneda in the 1989 original English dub of "Akira".
 He often voices teenagers and other similarly young characters.
 One of his prominent roles in video games was voicing Liquid Snake in the "Metal Gear" series.
John Clarke, CM (February 25, 1945 – January 23, 2003) was a Canadian explorer, mountaineer, conservationist, and wilderness educator.
 He was born in Ireland to Brigit Ann Clarke (née Conway) and Thomas Kevin Clarke, and died in Vancouver, British Columbia of a brain tumor.
 From 1964 until his death in 2003 Clarke spent at least six months of each year on extended backcountry trips, usually into the Coast Mountains of British Columbia using the technique of dropping food caches from small planes along an intended route, then traveling that route for weeks at a time.
 His routes regularly led him along the high ridges and glaciated icefields of the west coast, and allowed him to make hundreds of first ascents of the many mountains along the way.
 Many of these trips exceeded 30 days in length, and were often done solo, simply because nobody could afford the time to accompany him.
Jesus Green is a park in the north of central Cambridge, England.
 It is located north of Jesus College, hence the name.
 Jesus Ditch runs along the southern edge Jesus Green.
 On the northern edge of Jesus Green is the River Cam, with Chesterton Road (the A1303) on the opposite side.
 To the east is Victoria Avenue and beyond that Midsummer Common, common land that is still used for grazing.
 Victoria Avenue crosses the Cam at Victoria Bridge, connecting to Chesterton Road, at the northeastern corner of Jesus Green.
Transfer is a technique used in propaganda and advertising.
 Also known as association, this is a technique of projecting positive or negative qualities (praise or blame) of a person, entity, object, or value (an individual, group, organization, nation, patriotism, etc.) to another in order to make the second more acceptable or to discredit it.
 It evokes an emotional response, which stimulates the target to identify with recognized authorities.
 Often highly visual, this technique often utilizes symbols superimposed over other visual images.
 An example of common use of this technique in the United States is for the President to be filmed or photographed in front of the country's flag.
 Another technique used is celebrity endorsement.
