Varsity Pictures is an American film and television production company founded in 2007 by Sharla Sumpter Bridgett and Brian Robbins.
 It produced "Sonny with a Chance", "So Random!
", "Blue Mountain State", "Supah Ninjas", and "".
 It also produced "", "Playing with Guns", "", and "A Thousand Words".
Gracie Dzienny (born August 26, 1995) is an American actress.
 She is known for her roles as Amanda McKay on Nickelodeon's "Supah Ninjas" and as Greer Danville on ABC Family's "Chasing Life".
Supah Ninjas is an American action-comedy superhero series, created by Leo Chu and Eric Garcia.
 The series premiered as a special preview on Nickelodeon on January 17, 2011 in the United States and started airing regularly on April 16, 2011.
 It ran for 2 seasons.
 The first season was filmed in Los Angeles and the second season was filmed at 31st Street Studios in Pittsburgh.
Jonathan A. Rosenbaum (sometimes credited as Jon Rosenbaum) is American television director and producer.
 As a director, his credits include "Zixx: Level Three", "The Assistants", "Imagination Movers", "What's Up Warthogs!
", "Big Time Rush", "The Troop", "Zeke and Luther", "Mr. Young", "Supah Ninjas", "A.N.T. Farm", "Some Assembly Required", and "Stuck in the Middle".
 He also worked as a producer on the series "Mental".
Daniel Romer a.k.a. Danny Romer (born April 1990, Las Vegas, Nevada) is an American actor and model.
 He has several international modeling campaigns to his name.
 He is known for his role in "The Young and the Restless" as Kieran Donnally, the law school drop-out turned drug dealer; and as Marcus "Mark" Anderson, a street photographer within the world of fashion blogging in "Lookbook - The Series".
 Romer was cast as Joe in a written for TV Pilot, that was filmed in Italy.
 He played the bully Brad, a tennis camp kid, opposite Nikki Blonsky and Hayley Hasselhoff in the ABC Family series "Huge".
 As Trumbull in Supah Ninjas Romer pays homage to the rebellious character John Bender, made famous by Judd Nelson in The Breakfast Club.
 Romer's first job came after only being in Los Angeles for 45-days.
 He portrayed a modern-day Prince Charming in Emily Osment's music video, a remake of the song Once Upon A Dream from Disney's Sleeping Beauty.
 Thereafter, he went on to host several of Disney's "Get Connected" Intersistial shows which appeared on the Disney Channel as well as on the web.
 Romer has a passion for singing and one day would love to be cast in a musical film.
 He is currently busy writing his original screenplays; in hopes to bring them to fruition.
Carlos Knight (born September 22, 1993 ) is an American actor and comedian.
 He co-starred as Owen Reynolds in "Supah Ninjas" and as Diesel (his character from " and also ") in "".
Fred 2: Night of the Living Fred is a 2011 television comedy film.
 The film is the sequel to the 2010 film "", based on the adventures of Fred Figglehorn, a character created and played by Lucas Cruikshank for Cruikshank's YouTube channel.
 It is a Halloween themed sequel.
 Jennette McCurdy, who played Bertha in the original "Fred", did not return and is replaced by Daniella Monet.
 John Cena returns as Mr. Figglehorn (Fred's imaginary father), and Jake Weary returns to play Kevin. "
Supah Ninjas" star Carlos Knight co-stars as Kevin's friend and partner.
 Pixie Lott, who played Judy in the first film, did not return and therefore her character was written out of the plot; it is revealed by Fred that they broke up and she was the one to break up with him, proving they went out following the events of the previous film.
Les fils du vent ("The Sons of the Wind", also known as The Great Challenge and Sons of the Wind: Bangkok Ninjas ) is a 2004 French action film featuring the Yamakasi.
 It is a semi-sequel to the Luc Besson produced 2001 film "Yamakasi".
Beverly Hills Ninja is a 1997 American martial arts comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan, written by Mark Feldberg and Mitch Klebanoff.
 The film stars Chris Farley, Nicollette Sheridan, Robin Shou, Nathaniel Parker and Chris Rock.
 The main plot revolves around Haru (portrayed by Farley), a white orphan boy who is found by a clan of ninjas as an infant in an abandoned treasure chest and is raised by them.
 Haru never quite conforms to their culture and never acquires the skills of a ninja, but is nonetheless good-natured and persevering in his personal ambitions.
 His first mission brings him to Beverly Hills to investigate a murder mystery.
 It was the last film featuring Farley to be released in his lifetime.
Ryan Potter (born September 12, 1995) is an American actor and martial artist.
 Beginning his career as a professional actor at the age of 15, Potter is perhaps best known for his starring role as Mike Fukanaga in "Supah Ninjas" and for voicing Hiro Hamada in "Big Hero 6" (2014).
