Alternative rock (also called alternative music, alt-rock or simply alternative) is a style of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s.
 In this instance, the word "alternative" refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music.
 The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style or simply the independent, DIY ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music.
 At times, "alternative" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock (including some examples of punk itself, as well as new wave, and post-punk).
Nicu Țărnă (born July 25, 1977 in Chișinău, Moldova) is a musician, actor, songwriter, showman, and TV presenter from Moldova.
 He is the lead vocalist for the Moldovan alternative rock band Gândul Mâței.
The baglamas (Greek: μπαγλαμάς ) (plural "baglamades") or baglamadaki (μπαγλαμαδάκι ), a long necked bowl-lute, is a plucked string instrument used in Greek music; it is a version of the bouzouki pitched an octave higher (nominally D-A-D), with unison pairs on the four highest strings and an octave pair on the lower D. Musically, the baglamas is most often found supporting the bouzouki in the Piraeus city style of rebetiko.
Moldova are talent (in English: "Moldova got Talent" ) is a TV show which first aired on 17 October 2013.
 The project is a franchise of Got Talent, developed by Simco Limited.
 The hosts of the show are Adrian Ursu and Mircea Marco.
 The judges are the Moldovan singer Tania Cerga, a Moldovan singer (vocalist of Gândul Mâței band), Prime TV star and presenter Nicu Țărnă and a well known Moldovan opera singer, Mihai Muntean.
 The grand prize of first serie is 500,000 MDL.
D-A-D is a Danish rock band.
 It was originally named "Disneyland After Dark", but had to be renamed after The Walt Disney Company threatened a lawsuit.
 Their style of music is often categorized as melodic heavy rock.
 The band has also stylized its name as D.A.D., D•A•D, and D:A:D, each name representing a period in the band's history.
Pinoy rock, or Filipino rock, is the brand of rock music produced in the Philippines or by Filipinos.
 It has become as diverse as the rock music genre itself, and bands adopting this style are now further classified under more specific genres or combinations of genres like alternative rock, post-grunge, ethnic, new wave, pop rock, punk rock, funk, reggae, heavy metal, ska, and recently, indie.
 Because these genres are generally considered to fall under the broad rock music category, Pinoy rock may be more specifically defined as rock music with Filipino cultural sensibilities.
 It is very easy to identify a Pinoy rock song because the lyrics are often in Filipino, Tagalog, or any other language native to the Philippines.
Japanese rock (Japanese: 日本のロック , Hepburn: Nihon no Rokku ) , sometimes abbreviated to , is rock music from Japan.
 Influenced by American and British rock of the 1960s, the first rock bands in Japan performed what is called Group Sounds, with lyrics almost exclusively in English.
 Folk rock band Happy End in the early 1970s are credited as the first to sing rock music in the Japanese language.
 Punk rock band the Blue Hearts and heavy metal group X Japan, led Japanese rock bands in the late 1980s and early 1990s by achieving major mainstream success.
 Japanese rock music has become a cult worldwide, being widely known in Asia and has survived through decades competing with its contemporary derivative local style J-pop.
This is a list of rock music genres consisting of subgenres of popular music that have roots in 1940s' and 1950s' rock and roll, and which developed into a distinct identity as rock music in the 1960s, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States.
 By the late 1960s, a number of identifiable rock music subgenres had emerged, including hybrids like blues rock, folk rock, country rock, and jazz-rock fusion, many of which contributed to the development of psychedelic rock influenced by the counter-cultural psychedelic scene.
 New genres that emerged from this scene included progressive rock, which extended the artistic elements; glam rock, which highlighted showmanship and visual style; and the diverse and enduring major subgenre of heavy metal, which emphasized volume, power, and speed.
 In the second half of the 1970s, punk rock both intensified and reacted against some of these trends to produce a raw, energetic form of music characterized by overt political and social critiques.
 Punk was an influence into the 1980s on the subsequent development of other subgenres, including new wave, post-punk and eventually the alternative rock movement.
 From the 1990s alternative rock began to dominate rock music and break through into the mainstream in the form of grunge, Britpop, and indie rock.
 Further fusion subgenres have since emerged as well as conscious attempts to revisit rock's history.
Gândul Mâței (] , Translation: The cat's thought) is a Moldovan alternative rock band from Chișinău, formed in 1996.
Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as "rock and roll" in the United States in the early 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States.
 It has its roots in 1940s and 1950s rock and roll, a style which drew heavily on the African-American genres of blues and rhythm and blues, and from country music.
 Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical styles.
 Musically, rock has centered on the electric guitar, usually as part of a rock group with electric bass and drums and one or more singers. Typically, rock is song-based music usually with a 4/4 time signature using a verse–chorus form, but the genre has become extremely diverse.
 Like pop music, lyrics often stress romantic love but also address a wide variety of other themes that are frequently social or political.
