J. Wells (born Jon Wells; 1983 in Chicago) is an American record producer, record executive, and rapper.
 He is a member of the Likwit Crew.
Say What?
 Karaoke (also known as "SWK", and later "SWK 2.0") was a game show that aired on the American cable television network MTV.
 The show evolved from the former MTV show: "Say What?
".
21 & Over is the debut album by West Coast hip hop group, Tha Alkaholiks.
 It is highly praised, and has been described as "the quintessential West Coast party album."
 It has ten tracks, timed at only about 35 minutes, but it contains three singles, "Make Room," "Likwit" and "Mary Jane."
 None of these singles reached The Billboard Hot 100, but they all did well on the Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales chart.
 The only single that contains vocals from anybody other than Tash and J-Ro is "Likwit," which features King Tee.
 King Tee is responsible for founding Tha Alkaholiks, and the track's title is a reference to the Likwit Crew that he created.
 Lootpack and Threat are the only other guest vocalists on this album, but production is provided by Tha Alkaholiks, King Tee, Lootpack and Derick "D. Pimp" Williams.
Tha Triflin' Album is the third album by West Coast hip hop artist King Tee.
 It was panned critically for being dated and containing a "lighter rap approach."
 It contains two singles; "Got It Bad Y'all" featuring Tha Alkaholiks and "Black Togetha Again."
 Neither of them charted, but "Tha Triflin' Album" performed better on the "Billboard" 200 chart than any other King Tee album.
 This relative commercial success can be attributed to guest appearances by Tha Alkaholiks and Ice Cube as well as hip hop newcomers Nefretitti, Coke and Dr. Soose of Mad Kap and Deadly Threat.
 The production, handled by producers including Tha Alkaholiks, DJ Pooh and Marley Marl may have also attributed to the album's reception.
 The success of this album is quite significant as it allowed King Tee's protégés, Tha Alkaholiks, to gain a following.
 It also provided a foundation for King Tee's Likwit Crew.
IV Life is the fourth album by West Coast hip hop artist King Tee.
 It is his first album released by MCA Records on March 28, 1995 after his split with Capitol Records.
 It stands as one of King Tee's most diverse albums production-wise as not only King Tee and DJ Pooh produced tracks, but DJ Broadway, Mark Sparks and plenty of other producers lacking previous relationships with King Tee also produce.
 The production on this album is sample reliant and artists sampled include A Tribe Called Quest (on "You Can't See Me"), The Four Tops (on "Dippin'"), Freddie Hubbard (on "3 Strikes Ya' Out") and Grover Washington, Jr. (on "Down Ass Loc").
 Upon release, "IV Life" received an above average critical reception and reached #10 on the Top Heatseekers list.
 'It contains King Tee's last charting single, "Dippin'," which has been described as a classic track to play in a car.
 It also contains two less popular singles, "Way Out There" and "Free Style Ghetto" featuring Breeze, Tha Alkaholiks and Likwit Crew newcomer, Xzibit.
Full Circle, released in 2006, is the sixth album from West Coast rapper Xzibit, his first release on Koch Records.
 To assist in the making of "Full Circle", Xzibit enlisted Keith Shocklee of the Bomb Squad as co-executive producer.
 The Game, DJ Quik, Too Short, T-Pain and Tha Dogg Pound make up the many high-profile guests, and the "Chappelle's Show"'s Donnell Rawlings makes a comedic appearance.
 The presence of King Tee is particularly notable for being the first Likwit Crew rapper to appear on an Xzibit album since 2000's "Restless".
Street Music is the third album by Defari, an American hip hop musician who is also part of the Likwit Crew.
 The album features regular collaborators Evidence, J-Ro, E-Swift, The Alchemist and DJ Babu, the latter Defari's partner in the Likwit Junkies.
Traci Stumpf is an American TV host, Stand-up Comedian and actress.
 She recently hosted the 2016 MTV MIAW Music awards in Mexico City with Fall Out Boy’s frontman Pete Wentz.
 She is the host of a new MTV show called GameChanger currently filming in New York, as well working on new shows currently in development with production company DiGa.
 Her unique brand of comedic hosting was one of the reasons she was named one of the "Four Comedians You Need to Check Out this Year" by The Sharpe.
The Likwit Crew is a West Coast hip hop collective.
 It was founded by King T who recruited Tha Alkaholiks as his first acts.
 Then, other artists such as Xzibit, Phil Da Agony, Lootpack, Defari, Styliztik Jones, Declaime, J. Wells and The Barbershop MC's joined.
Colin Griffiths (born 16 August 1983) is an English comedian, DJ, VJ and writer.
 He is most famous for his work as host of the MTV show "Up, Up, Down, Down...", the flagship program of MTV Flux which has also aired on TMF UK and MTV UK and Ireland.
