Born in Oldenburg, Germany, Breiholz studied literature, theatre, musicology and art history at Free University of Berlin.
 In 1988 he did an internship at "Opera News" in New York City which led to an assignment as a freelance writer for the magazine.
 Until 2004, he worked for Opera News as a music critic, reporting mainly on the European opera scene.
 In 1996, Breiholz became a frequent contributor for "Opernwelt" magazine in Berlin.
 From 1997 until 2002 he worked as a writer and editor of the Arts section for the German daily newspaper "Die Welt".
 In 2002 he moved back to New York and worked as a correspondent for several European publications, reporting on opera, classical music concerts, and theatre.
 He has written articles for the British magazine "Opera Now", the German magazine "Rondo", "The Wall Street Journal Europe" and the Swiss magazine "Musik & Theater", among other publications.
 He has also worked as an interviewer for classical music radio programs.
 In 2005 he worked as a talent scout for a New York artists agency.
 He was Director of International Relations for the Latvian National Opera in Riga, Latvia, from 2006 until 2011 and also worked as dramaturg for the company.
 From August 2011 until March 2016 he was the Artistic Director of the Vlaamse Opera in Antwerp, Belgium.
 Since April 2016 he is the Director of Artistic Administration and Casting at Theater an der Wien in Vienna.
Stuart Broomer is a Canadian editor, music critic, pianist, writer, jazz historian, and composer.
 He is a former editor with "CODA" magazine and currently works as an editor at Coach House Books.
 As a music critic he has written articles for Amazon.com, "Globe and Mail", "Toronto Life", "Down Beat", "Musicworks", "Cadence Magazine", "ParisTransatlantlic" and "Signal to Noise".
 He has also authored more than 60 liner essays for musicians internationally.
 His book "Time and Anthony Braxton" was published by Mercury Press in 2009.
 He is a member of the music faculty at George Brown College.
Piers Bizony is a science journalist, space historian, author, and exhibition organiser.
 Bizony specialises in the topics of outer space, special effects, and technology.
 He has written articles for "The Independent", "BBC Focus" and "Wired".
 His 1997 book "The Rivers of Mars" was shortlisted for the Eugene M. Emme Astronautical Literature Award.
 His book "2001: Filming the Future" (1994, revised 2000, expanded 2014) is an authoritative reference about Stanley Kubrick's film "".
Bill Bonner is an American author of books and articles on economic and financial subjects.
 He is the founder and president of Agora, Inc., as well as a co-founder of Bonner & Partners publishing.
 Bonner has written articles for the news and opinion blog LewRockwell.com, "MoneyWeek" magazine, and his daily financial column "Bill Bonner's Diary".
Daniel Smith (born October 7, 1977) is an American journalist and author of the 2012 memoir "Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety".
 He has written articles and essays for "The New York Times Magazine", "The Atlantic", "Slate", "n+1", "Harper's Magazine", "New York", and others.
A magazine is a publication, usually a periodical publication, which is printed or electronically published (sometimes referred to as an online magazine).
 Magazines are generally published on a regular schedule and contain a variety of content.
 They are generally financed by advertising, by a purchase price, by prepaid subscriptions, or a combination of the three.
 At its root, the word "magazine" refers to a collection or storage location.
 In the case of written publication, it is a collection of written articles.
 This explains why magazine publications share the word root with gunpowder magazines, artillery magazines, firearms magazines, and, in French, retail stores such as department stores.
Armando Zamora (born 1958, in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico) is a journalist, writer and musician.
 Zamora has written articles, poems, short stories and novels.
 A number of these deal with topics related to agriculture, many of which are academic in nature.
 His work has won a number of awards including first place in the Juegos Florales Anita Pompa de Trujillo in 1981, first in the Juegos Feria Amealco 92 in Querétero, the Concurso de Cuento in 1986, and an honorable mention at the World of Poetry in Miami, Florida.
 His major works include "Cuadriludios", "Mi corazón es un gato enfermo y al borde del tejado", "Equinoccios de la soledad", "Bitácora del náufrago y otros poemas" and "Navegación al interior".
 His best-known novel is "El que se raje es puto".
 He has also written a large number of magazine articles.
Mohammad Abdi (Persian:محمد عبدی, Tehran, Iran, 1974) is a writer, film critic, and art researcher.
 He has written articles for more than 40 publications and journals in Persian in Iran and abroad.
 From 1999 - 2000, Abdi served as editor-in-chief of "Seventh Art" magazine, a theoretic magazine on film and cinema.
 In 1998, Abdi published "Film Criticism in Iran", an analytical, historical study on film criticism in Iran.
 He and some other film critics were arrested in 2003 by the government of Islamic republic of Iran in reprisal for his articles.
Rex Gilroy (born November 9, 1943) is an Australian who has written articles and self-published books on cryptids and unexplained or speculative phenomena.
 His work has focused on yowie reports, 'out of place' animals, UFOs, and propositions regarding a 'lost' Australian civilization.
 He has contributed to, or been the subject of, several articles, in speculative media such as Nexus magazine and in Australian newspapers.
 He is the author and publisher of several books, the first of which appeared in 1986.
 He has documented over 3000 reports relating to yowies.
 His eclectic career has seen field research into butterflies and anthropology, but he remains most notable for his controversial searches for the recently extinct thylacine, moas, alien big cats or the source of the yowie legend.
Bruce Barcott is an American editor, environmental journalist and author.
 He is a contributing editor of "Outside" and has written articles for "The New York Times Magazine", "National Geographic", "Mother Jones", "Sports Illustrated", "Harper's Magazine", "Legal Affairs", "Utne Reader" and others.
 He has also written a number of books, including "The Measure of a Mountain: Beauty and Terror on Mount Rainier" (1997) and "The Last Flight of the Scarlet Macaw: One Woman's Fight to Save the World's Most Beautiful Bird" (2008).
 In 2009 he was named a Guggenheim Fellow in nonfiction.
