Miss Amelia Van Buren or Portrait of Amelia C. Van Buren is a ca. 1891 painting by the American artist Thomas Eakins (1844-1916), now in The Phillips Collection.
 It depicts Amelia Van Buren (c. 1856 – 1942), an artist who studied with Eakins, and was called "one of his most gifted pupils."
 The painting is considered one of Eakins's finest works.
Luncheon of the Boating Party (1880–1881, French: "Le déjeuner des canotiers") is a painting by French impressionist Pierre-Auguste Renoir.
 Included in the Seventh Impressionist Exhibition in 1882, it was identified as the best painting in the show by three critics.
 It was purchased from the artist by the dealer-patron Paul Durand-Ruel and bought in 1923 (for $125,000) from his son by Duncan Phillips.
 It is now in The Phillips Collection in Washington, D.C. It shows a richness of form, a fluidity of brush stroke, and a flickering light.
Domino Players is a painting by American painter Horace Pippin.
 The painting depicts a domestic scene, in which three individuals are playing dominoes while another looks on.
 The piece is held by the Phillips Collection.
 The New York Times praised the piece for "[bringing] a seldom-recorded existence vividly to life."
The Blue Room (French: La chambre bleue ) is a 1901 painting by Pablo Picasso painted during his Blue Period.
 It was found to have a different painting hidden under it using X-ray technology in 2014 by a group of art historians and scientists from the Phillips Collection in Washington, assisted by scientists from the Cornell University High Energy Synchrotron Source.
The Phillips Collection is an art museum founded by Duncan Phillips and Marjorie Acker Phillips in 1921 as the Phillips Memorial Gallery located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C. Phillips was the grandson of James H. Laughlin, a banker and co-founder of the Jones and Laughlin Steel Company.
Marjorie Acker Phillips (October 25, 1894 – June 19, 1985) was an American Impressionist painter and art collector.
 She co-founded the Phillips Collection with her husband, Duncan Phillips.
Laughlin Phillips (October 20, 1924 – January 24, 2010), also known as Loc Phillips, was an American museum director from Washington, D.C. The son of wealthy art collectors, he managed The Phillips Collection, a museum founded by his parents.
 Under his leadership, the museum increased its collection, underwent expansion projects and received substantial financial support.
 Prior to his career as a museum director, Phillips served during World War II, worked as an analyst for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and co-founded a local magazine.
Byron Randall (October 23, 1918 – August 11, 1999) was an American West Coast artist, well known for his expressionist paintings and printmaking.
 A contemporary of artists Pablo O'Higgins, Anton Refregier, Robert ‘Mac’ McChesney, Emmy Lou Packard (his second wife), and Pele deLappe (his final companion), Randall shared their left wing politics while exploring different techniques and styles, including a vivid use of color and line.
 His work is held in permanent collections of the Phillips Collection, the California Palace of the Legion of Honour, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, the Hallie Ford Museum of Art, the Schneider Museum of Art, the Bolinas Art Museum, the Janet Turner Print Collection and Gallery, and the Oakland Museum of California.
Jackie Ferrara (born November 17, 1929, in Detroit, Michigan) is an American sculptor and draughtswoman best known for her pyramidal stacked structures.
 Her work is in the collection of the MOMA, the LACMA, the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, and the Phillips Collection, among others.
Ruth Cole Kainen (February 19, 1922 – September 13, 2009) was a major art collector and benefactor (with her husband, the artist Jacob Kainen [1909–2001]).
 The Kainens collected paintings, drawings, engravings and prints, dating from the 15th century to modern times.
 While the National Gallery of Art was the major recipient of their generosity, they also donated many works to the Phillips Collection, the Corcoran Gallery of Art, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the National Museum of Women in the Arts, and the Baltimore Museum of Art.
