War Horse is a 2011 British war drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay written by Lee Hall and Richard Curtis, adapted from English author Michael Morpurgo's 1982 novel of the same name.
 The film's cast includes Jeremy Irvine (in his film acting debut), Emily Watson, David Thewlis, Tom Hiddleston, Benedict Cumberbatch, Eddie Marsan, Niels Arestrup, Toby Kebbell, David Kross and Peter Mullan.
 Set before and during World War I, it tells of the journey of Joey, a bay Thoroughbred horse raised by British teenager Albert (Irvine), as he is bought by the British Army, leading him to encounter numerous individuals and owners throughout Europe, all the while experiencing the tragedies of the war happening around him.
The Big Lebowski is a 1998 British-American crime comedy film written, produced, and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen.
 It stars Jeff Bridges as Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski, a Los Angeles slacker and avid bowler.
 He is assaulted as a result of mistaken identity, after which The Dude learns that a millionaire also named Jeffrey Lebowski was the intended victim.
 The millionaire Lebowski's trophy wife is kidnapped, and he commissions The Dude to deliver the ransom to secure her release; but the plan goes awry when the Dude's friend Walter Sobchak (John Goodman) schemes to keep the ransom money.
 Julianne Moore and Steve Buscemi also star, with David Huddleston, John Turturro, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Sam Elliott, Tara Reid, David Thewlis and Flea appearing in supporting roles.
Gangster No. 1 (pronounced Gangster Number One) is a 2000 British crime drama film directed by Paul McGuigan and starring Paul Bettany in the title role.
 It also features Malcolm McDowell, David Thewlis and Saffron Burrows.
 It is based on the play "Gangster No.1" by Louis Mellis and David Scinto.
The Fifth Estate is a 2013 Indian-American biographical thriller film directed by Bill Condon, about the news-leaking website WikiLeaks.
 The film stars Benedict Cumberbatch as its editor-in-chief and founder Julian Assange, and Daniel Brühl as its former spokesperson Daniel Domscheit-Berg.
 Anthony Mackie, David Thewlis, Alicia Vikander, Stanley Tucci, and Laura Linney are featured in supporting roles.
 The film's screenplay was written by Josh Singer based in-part on Domscheit-Berg's book "Inside WikiLeaks: My Time with Julian Assange at the World's Most Dangerous Website" (2011), as well as "" (2011) by British journalists David Leigh and Luke Harding.
 The film's name is a term used to describe the people who operate in the manner of journalists outside the normal constraints imposed on the mainstream media.
Regression is a 2015 Canadian-Spanish-American psychological thriller mystery film directed, produced and written by Alejandro Amenábar.
 The film stars Ethan Hawke and Emma Watson, with David Thewlis, Lothaire Bluteau, Dale Dickey, David Dencik, Peter MacNeill, Devon Bostick and Aaron Ashmore in supporting roles.
Donalbain is a character in William Shakespeare's "Macbeth" (c. 1603–1607).
 He is the younger son of King Duncan and brother to Malcolm, the heir to the throne.
 Donalbain flees to Ireland after the murder of his father for refuge.
Malcolm is a character in William Shakespeare's "Macbeth" (c. 1603–1607).
 The character is based on the historical king Malcolm III of Scotland, and is derived largely from the account in "Holinshed's Chronicles" (1587), a history of Britain.
 He is the elder son of King Duncan, the heir to the throne, and brother to Donalbain.
 In the end, he regains the throne after mustering support to overthrow Macbeth.
David Thewlis (born David Wheeler; born 20 March 1963) is an English actor, director, screenwriter, and author.
 His most commercially successful role to date has been that of Remus Lupin in the "Harry Potter" film series.
 Other notable performances include the films "Naked" (for which he won the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival), "Dragonheart", "Kingdom of Heaven", "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas", "The Theory of Everything", "Black Beauty", "Macbeth" (as King Duncan) and "Wonder Woman".
 He has also done voice work in the films "James and the Giant Peach" (1996), "The Miracle Maker" (2000), and "Anomalisa" (2015).
 Thewlis has combined major motion picture work with prominent television roles, including playing Cyrus Crabb in the television miniseries "Dinotopia" and antagonist V.M. Varga in the third season of "Fargo."
Naked is a 1993 British black comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh and starring David Thewlis as Johnny, a motor-mouthed intellectual and conspiracy theorist.
 Stark and brutal in tone, "Naked" was a departure for Leigh, whose previous works were known for their subtle comedic dissections of middle-class and working-class manners.
 Leigh's "Naked" screenplay relied heavily on lengthy improvisation during rehearsals, but little actual ad-libbing was filmed.
 Critically acclaimed, the film won a number of awards, including best director and best actor at Cannes.
 "Naked" marked a new career high for Leigh as a director and made the then-unknown Thewlis an internationally recognized star.
King Duncan is a fictional character in Shakespeare's "Macbeth."
 He is the father of two youthful sons (Malcolm and Donalbain), and the victim of a well-plotted regicide in a power grab by his trusted captain Macbeth.
 The origin of the character lies in a narrative of the historical Donnchad mac Crinain, King of Scots, in Raphael Holinshed's 1587 "The Chronicles of England, Scotland, and Ireland," a history of Britain familiar to Shakespeare and his contemporaries.
 Unlike Holinshed's incompetent King Duncan (who is credited in the narrative with a "feeble and slothful administration"), Shakespeare's King Duncan is crafted as a sensitive, insightful, and generous father-figure whose murder grieves Scotland and is accounted the cause of turmoil in the natural world.
