SimCity Societies is a city-building simulation computer game developed by Tilted Mill Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts (EA), and is part of the "Sim" games series.
 The gameplay is significantly different from previous "SimCity" titles, with a greater focus on social development.
 "SimCity Societies" was released on November 13, 2007 and received mixed reviews, with praise for the game's improved accessibility and visuals, but criticism for being oversimplified and having poor performance.
This is a complete list of "Sim" games, their expansion packs, and compilations.
 Most games were developed by Maxis and published either by Maxis (pre-1997 acquisition by Electronic Arts) or by Electronic Arts (post-1997).
 EA has also marketed and recruited companies such as Bullfrog Productions, Firaxis Games, and Tilted Mill Entertainment to develop several games under the "Sim" brand.
Keith Zizza is a video game soundtrack composer.
 He has worked as a composer and audio director for companies such as Electronic Arts, Impressions Games, Sierra Entertainment and Tilted Mill Entertainment.
 His discography includes more than 25 AAA game titles.
 In April 2008 Zizza released his debut solo album, "Memories of a Forgotten Age".
Hinterland is a high fantasy role-playing video game with city-building elements by Tilted Mill Entertainment.
 It was released on September 30, 2008 on the Steam content delivery system, and has since been made available at other digital distribution websites.
 Hinterland: Orc Lords, a cumulative expansion, was released to digital distribution and retail in March 2009.
 As the title suggests, the primary addition to the game was the ability to play as Orc characters.
Caesar IV is a city-building game set in ancient Rome, developed by Tilted Mill Entertainment.
 The game was released on September 26, 2006 in North America.
 The game features a three-dimensional game engine and individual modeling of game character behaviors.
Tilted Mill Entertainment is a video game developer located in Framingham, Massachusetts.
 It was founded in 2001 by former Impressions Games lead designer and general manager Chris Beatrice, business manager Peter Haffenreffer, and designer Jeff Fiske.
Mosby's Confederacy is a 2008 turn based strategy and real time tactics video game by Tilted Mill Entertainment.
Medieval Mayor is a city-building game set in the Middle Ages under development by Tilted Mill Entertainment.
 It is currently stuck however in development hell.
The "City Building" series is the collective name of a series of historical city-building games for personal computers developed by Impressions Games, BreakAway Games, Tilted Mill Entertainment (following Impressions' demise), and published by Sierra Entertainment.
 The series began in 1992 with "Caesar", set in the Roman Empire, and so far consists of twelve games, including expansion packs.
Immortal Cities: Children of the Nile is a city-building game set in ancient Egypt, developed by Tilted Mill Entertainment.
 The game was released November 2004 in the United States and February 2005 in Europe.
