Hideki Noda (野田 英樹 , Noda Hideki ) is a professional racing driver from Japan.
 He participated in three Formula One Grands Prix, debuting in the 1994 European Grand Prix, but did not score any championship points.
 He replaced Yannick Dalmas in the Larrousse car for the last three Grands Prix of the season, but failed to finish in any of the three races.
 In 1995, he joined Simtek as a test driver, hoping to get some races in.
 However, the Kobe earthquake and the folding of the Simtek team ended his brief career.
The Italian Grand Prix (Italian: "Gran Premio d'Italia" ) is one of the longest running events on the Formula One calendar.
 The Italian and British Grands Prix are the only Formula One World Championship Grands Prix staged continuously since the championship was introduced in 1950, as the Monaco and Belgian Grands Prix have missed a few seasons since hosting races in the 1950 inaugural season.
The 1948 Grand Prix season was the third post-war year for Grand Prix racing.
 It was the second season of the FIA's Formula One motor racing, though some of that season's Grand Prix still used other formulas.
 There was no organised championship in 1948, although several of the more prestigious races were recognised as "Grandes Epreuves" (great trials) by the FIA.
 Luigi Villoresi proved to be the most successful driver, for the second consecutive year, winning six Grands Prix.
 Maserati's cars proved difficult to beat, winning 13 of the season's 23 Grands Prix.
John Malcolm Taylor (23 March 1933 – 8 September 1966) was a racing driver from England.
 He participated in five World Championship Formula One Grands Prix, and also participated in several non-championship Formula One races.
 His Formula One debut was on 11 July 1964, at the British Grand Prix at Brands Hatch driving a one-litre, 4-cylinder, Cooper–Ford T73, where he finished fourteenth, 24 laps down, after an extended pit–stop due to a gearbox problem.
 Taylor did not compete in the Formula One World Championship in 1965, but continued to drive in non–championship races.
 He returned to Grand Prix racing in 1966 driving a two-litre Brabham–BRM for privateer David Bridges.
 His first race that season was the French Grand Prix at Reims where he scored his one championship point.
 There followed eighth places at both the British Grand Prix at Brands Hatch and the Dutch Grand Prix at Zandvoort.
The 1949 Grand Prix season was the fourth post-war year for Grand Prix racing and the final year before the beginning of the Formula One World Championship.
 It was the third season of FIA Formula One motor racing, though some of that season's Grands Prix still used other formulas.
 Races were run to Formula One criteria restricted engines to 1.5 litres supercharged or 4.5 litres naturally aspirated.
 There was no organised championship in 1949, although several of the more prestigious races were recognised as "Grandes Epreuves" (great trials) by the FIA.
 Alberto Ascari and Juan Manuel Fangio proved to be the most successful drivers, each winning five Grands Prix.
 Maserati's cars were the most successful brand, winning 10 of the season's 27 Grand Prix races.
The British Grand Prix is a race in the calendar of the FIA Formula One World Championship.
 It is currently held at the Silverstone Circuit near the village of Silverstone in Northamptonshire in England.
 The British and Italian Grands Prix are the only Formula One World Championship Grands Prix staged continuously since the championship was introduced in 1950 (the Monaco and Belgian Grands Prix have missed a few seasons since hosting races in the 1950 inaugural season).
 It was designated the European Grand Prix five times between 1950 and 1977, when this title was an honorary designation given each year to one Grand Prix race in Europe.
 All British Grands Prix dating back to 1926 have been held in England; where the British motor racing industry is primarily located.
There have been many Formula One drivers from the United States including two World Drivers' Championship winners, Mario Andretti and Phil Hill.
 Andretti is the most successful American Formula One driver having won 12 races, and only Eddie Cheever has started more grands prix.
 While many drivers from the United States have competed in Formula One, many of them are no longer counted in the sport's statistics because they only competed in the Indianapolis 500, which was at the time seen as part of the World Championship but rarely included any other Formula One drivers.
Michael Schumacher (] ; born 3 January 1969) is a retired German racing driver who raced in Formula One for Benetton and Ferrari, where he spent the majority of his career, as well as for Mercedes upon his brief return to the sport.
 Widely regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers, and regarded by some as the greatest of all time, Schumacher is the only driver in history to win seven Formula One World Championships, five of which he won consecutively.
 The most successful driver in the history of the sport, Schumacher holds the records for the most World Championship titles (7), the most Grand Prix wins (91), the most fastest laps (77) and the most races won in a single season (13), and according to the official Formula One website, Schumacher is "statistically the greatest driver the sport has ever seen".
The 1947 Grand Prix season was the second post-war year for Grand Prix racing.
 It constituted the first full season of the FIA's Formula One motor racing, though some Grand Prix still used other formulas.
 There was no organised championship in 1947, although several of the more prestigious races were recognised as "Grandes Epreuves" (great trials) by the FIA.
 Luigi Villoresi proved to be the most successful driver, winning six Grands Prix.
 Alfa Romeo's cars proved difficult to beat, winning 13 of the season's 32 Grands Prix.
Formula One, abbreviated to F1, is the highest class of open-wheeled auto racing defined by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), motorsport's world governing body.
 The "formula" in the name refers to a set of rules to which all participants and cars must conform.
 The F1 World Championship season consists of a series of races, known as Grands Prix, held usually on purpose-built circuits, and in a few cases on closed city streets.
 The polesitter is the driver that has qualified for a Grand Prix in pole position, at the front of the starting grid.
 Drivers are awarded points based on their position at the end of each race, and the driver who accumulates the most points over each calendar year is crowned that year's World Champion.
 Out of 970 completed Grands Prix (as of the 2017 Singapore Grand Prix), the driver that has qualified on pole position has gone on to win the race 407 times.
