Angelos Lekkas (born 29 June 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer who played his entire professional career with the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League.
 After his premature retirement due to a medical condition he continued his sporting career as a soccer player for South Melbourne FC in the Victorian Premier League and Australian rules football coach.
David Bourke (born 9 January 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 85 games for the Richmond Football Club, kicking 18 goals and one game player, kicking 1 goal for the Kangaroos.
 He is the son of Richmond champion Francis Bourke and grandson of 1940s Richmond player Frank Bourke, the only three generation family at the club in VFL/AFL history.
 David was Selected by Richmond in the 1994 AFL Draft via the Father-son rule.
 His career suffered from an inability to bulk up to a heavier weight, and he was frustratingly inconsistent.
 David inherited his father's fanatical desire to win the ball; however, his body was not built to take the punishment that this approach entailed.
 After 85 games in seven seasons (many of which started on the bench), David Bourke was traded to the Kangaroos for the 2002 season, but only managed one game in blue and white.
Daniel Healy (born 3 May 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played for St Kilda in the Australian Football League and for Central District in the South Australian National Football League.
 Healy was taken in the first round, pick number 6 overall, of the 1995 AFL Draft, and made his debut against West Coast in Round 12 1996.
 In this match he scored one goal and this was the only game he played during the year.
Alex Jesaulenko (Ukrainian: Олександр Єсауленко , transcribed "Oleksandr Yesaulenko", ] ) MBE (born 2 August 1945 in Salzburg, Austria) is a former Australian rules footballer and coach who represented Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from the 1960s to the 1980s.
Roger Hampson (born 15 November 1948) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Hampson played eight games in his first season with Essendon and won the club's best first year player award, but a severe knee injury forced him to miss the latter half of the year and all of 1970.
 He returned in 1971, but could only manage two more senior game before leaving mid-season to Victorian Football Association side Northcote.
 Hampson next played with fellow VFA team Sandringham for a year before moving to suburban football.
 He was captain-coach of East Caulfield, Balwyn and Edithvale-Aspendale before a stint as assistant coach to VFL club Melbourne's under-19s.
 Hampson came back to Essendon 1989 to be the club's general manager for seven years.
Michael "Mick" Malthouse (born 17 August 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer and former Australian Football League (AFL) coach and current media personality.
 Although his playing career included a premiership for Richmond in 1980, he is best known for his long coaching career at four clubs.
John Hynes (born 23 February 1979) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Australian Football League.
 Drafted in 1997, Haynes debuted the following year.
 Playing as a key position player at 184 cm, Hynes often had to play on much larger opponents.
 As a result, Hynes only managed four senior games in 1998, although he did win the reserves best and fairest award.
 After failing to play a senior match in 1999, Hynes was delisted by Carlton.
 He went on to play for Frankston in the Victorian Football League.
Simon Feast (born 1 December 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL) and for much longer with Sturt in the South Australian National Football League.
 Feast began when the Double Blues were at a low ebb – they had suffered six consecutive wooden spoons, and his debut season of 1995 was an unprecedented horror with Sturt losing all 22 games by no fewer than 24 points.
 Feast, however, won Sturt’s best and fairest award as a rookie, and continued this form as the Double Blues made a remarkable revival over the following three seasons to win sixteen matches in 1998, winning another best and fairest in 1998.
Robert Anderson (born 19 August 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer.
 He played with Footscray, now known as the Western Bulldogs, in a variety of positions, but mostly on the wing and flanks.
 He was born and raised in Canberra and was recruited form local club Queanbeyan.
 He joined the Bulldogs at the start of 1980, Royce Hart's first year as coach.
 This was a tumultuous period for the club during which Hart delisted a number of players for not reaching the requisite fitness level, including Brian Wilson who went on and win a Brownlow Medal with Melbourne.
 Anderson returned to Queanbeyan at the end of his first season, mainly because of injury, but was enticed back to the Bulldogs three years later for another two-year stint.
Doug Reynolds (born 4 September 1933) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1950s.
 He played as a centreman in the 1954 VFL Grand Final, kicking a goal in the Bulldogs' first premiership win.
