Wilfrid (c.
 633 – c. 709) was an English bishop and saint.
 Born a Northumbrian noble, he entered religious life as a teenager and studied at Lindisfarne, at Canterbury, in Gaul, and at Rome; he returned to Northumbria in about 660, and became the abbot of a newly founded monastery at Ripon.
 In 664 Wilfrid acted as spokesman for the Roman position at the Synod of Whitby, and became famous for his speech advocating that the Roman method for calculating the date of Easter should be adopted.
 His success prompted the king's son, Alhfrith, to appoint him Bishop of Northumbria.
 Wilfrid chose to be consecrated in Gaul because of the lack of what he considered to be validly consecrated bishops in England at that time.
 During Wilfrid's absence Alhfrith seems to have led an unsuccessful revolt against his father, Oswiu, leaving a question mark over Wilfrid's appointment as bishop.
 Before Wilfrid's return Oswiu had appointed Ceadda in his place, resulting in Wilfrid's retirement to Ripon for a few years following his arrival back in Northumbria.
Ælfric of Abingdon (died 16 November 1005) was a late 10th-century Archbishop of Canterbury.
 He previously held the offices of abbot of St Albans Abbey and Bishop of Ramsbury, as well as likely being the abbot of Abingdon Abbey.
 After his election to Canterbury, he continued to hold the bishopric of Ramsbury along with the archbishopric of Canterbury until his death in 1005.
 Ælfric may have altered the composition of Canterbury's cathedral chapter by changing the clergy serving in the cathedral from secular clergy to monks.
 In his will he left a ship to King Æthelred II of England as well as more ships to other legatees.
Sæberht, Saberht or Sæbert (d. "c".
 616) was a King of Essex (r. "c".
 604 – "c".
 616), in succession of his father King Sledd.
 He is known as the first East Saxon king to have been converted to Christianity.
 The principal source for his reign is the early 8th-century "Historia Ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum" by Bede (d. 735), who claims to have derived his information about the missionary work of Mellitus among the East Saxons from Abbot Albinus of Canterbury through the London priest Nothhelm, later Archbishop of Canterbury (d. 739).
 Other sources include the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", an East Saxon genealogy possibly of the late 9th century (British Library MS Add.
 23211), and a handful of genealogies and regnal lists written down by Anglo-Norman historians.
Saint Fulrad (French: "Fulrade" ; Latin: "Fulradus" ) was born in 710 into a wealthy family, and died on July 16, 784 as the Abbot of St. Denis.
 He was the counselor of both Pippin and Charlemagne.
 Historians see Fulrad as important due to his significance in the rise of the Frankish Kingdom, and the insight he gives into early Carolingian society.
 He was noted to have been always on the side on Charlemagne, especially during the attack from the Saxons on Regnum Franserum (Latin for Frankia), and the Royal Mandatum (a royal official of the Carolingian administrative hierarchy).
 Other historians have taken a closer look at Fulrad’s interactions with the papacy.
 When Fulrad was the counselor of Pepin he was closely in contact with the papacy to gain approval for Pepin’s appoint as King of the Franks.
 During his time under Charlemagne, he had dealings with the papacy again for different reasons.
 When he became Abbot of St. Denis (N.E of Paris), Fulrad’s life became important in the lives of distinct historical figures in various ways during his period as St. Denis’s abbot during the mid-eighth century.
 Saint Fulrad’s Feast Day is on July 16.
Eadred Lulisc or Eadred of Carlisle (fl.
 late 9th century) is the abbot of Carlisle recorded by the "Historia de Sancto Cuthberto".
 The "Historia" gives the abbot central place in the election of Guthred as king of Northumbria by the Viking army based in Yorkshire, and that subsequently Eadred purchased land from him, using it to endow the bishopric of St Cuthbert.
 The "Historia" also related that he and Eardwulf, Bishop of Lindisfarne, moved the body of St Cuthbert away from its previous base at Lindisfarne, tried to take it to Ireland, but failed and took it back to the east, first to Crayke and then to Chester-le-Street.
Northman (Old English: "Norþman" ; fl.
 994) was a late 10th-century English ealdorman (or earl), with a territorial base in Northumbria north of the River Tees.
 He appears in two different strands of source.
 These are, namely, the textual tradition of Durham witnessed by "Historia de Sancto Cuthberto" and the Durham "Liber Vitae", and an appearance in a witness list of a charter of King Æthelred II dated to 994.
 The latter is Northman's only appearance south of the Humber, and came the year after Northumbria was attacked by Vikings.
Kröpcke is the central place of the city of Hanover in Germany.
 The place is situated at the crossroads of Georgstraße, Karmarschstraße, Bahnhofstraße and Rathenaustraße.
 It is named after "Wilhelm Kröpcke", one of the owners of the former Café Robby, which was erected on the then-nameless place in 1869.
 Kröpcke leased the café in 1876, changed the business's name to "Café Kröpcke" and operated the café until 1919.
 Eventually, the place adopted the name from the café and in 1948 was officially named "Kröpcke" by the city of Hanover.
Saint Ceolwulf was King of Northumbria from 729 until 737, except for a short period in 731 or 732 when he was deposed, and quickly restored to power.
 Ceolwulf finally abdicated and entered the monastery at Lindisfarne.
 He was the "most glorious king" to whom Bede dedicated his "Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum".
The Rull Men's Meetinghouse (known as a "faluw" in the Yapese language) is a historic meeting house in Rull, a village on the island of Yap in the Federated States of Micronesia.
 It is a large rectangular structure, set on a raised stone platform.
 The flooring consists of treated betelnut palm trunks, and has a steeply pitched roof made of bamboo supports with various types of tropical leaves tied in place using coconut fiber.
 The "faluw", although not the first built on this platform, has historically occupied a central place in the civic life of the community, serving as a place where the men of the village could meet in seclusion, and as a place for social rites.
Borhat (বৰহাট) is the eastern part of the newly formed Charaideo district, Assam.
 It is separated from Namrup in the east by the river Disang or Dilih.
 In the west Sapekhati, in south Arunachal Pradesh, in north are parts of Dibrugarh district including Namrup, Assam.
 There is a small railway station named Borhat(BFD) which is in the central place of the region.
 During Ahom rule, Borhat was famous as a place for finding mineral salt.
 The name Borhat is originated from Bor 'বৰ' (meaning big 'ডাঙৰ' ) and hat 'হাট' (market 'বজাৰ').
 T here was a market place where salt was available.
 Salt was considered to be very precious during Ahom rule as Assam is far from the seas and people had to use only mineral salts.
