"Redrum" is the sixth episode of the eighth season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files".
 It premiered on the Fox network on December 10, 2000 .
 The story for the episode was developed by Steven Maeda and Daniel Arkin, the teleplay was written by Maeda, and the episode was directed by Peter Markle.
 "Redrum" is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
 The episode received a Nielsen rating of 8.1 and was viewed by 13.2 million households.
 Overall, the episode received moderately positive reviews from critics.
"Swan Song" is the fifth season finale of The CW television series "Supernatural".
 It is the 22nd episode of the fifth season, and is the show's 104th episode overall.
 Steve Boyum directed the episode with teleplay written by series creator Eric Kripke and story written by Eric Gewirtz.
 The episode aired on Thursday, May 13, 2010, and concluded the series' originally slated storyline.
 The narrative follows the series' protagonists Sam (Jared Padalecki) and Dean Winchester (Jensen Ackles)—brothers who travel the continental United States hunting supernatural creatures—as they attempt to stop the Apocalypse.
"You Kent Always Say What You Want", formerly known as "Kent State Massacre", is the twenty-second episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 20, 2007 as part of the one-hour season finale, alongside the episode "24 Minutes"; a repeat took place on August 19, 2007.
 It was the milestone 400th episode of "The Simpsons" and was written by Tim Long.
 The episode guest starred Ludacris as himself and Maurice LaMarche as the Fox announcer.
 It was the last episode to air prior to "The Simpsons Movie" releasing into theaters on July 27, 2007.
"Pilot" is the first episode of the first season of the American comedy television series "The Office", and the show's first episode overall.
 The episode premiered in the United States on NBC on March 24, 2005.
 The episode's teleplay was adapted by Greg Daniels from the original script of the first episode of the British version written by Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant.
 The episode was directed by Ken Kwapis.
Jennifer Ventimilia (born Jeffrey Ventimilia and also known as J.R. Ventimilia) is an American television writer.
 Ventimilia co-wrote "The Simpsons" episode "Simpson Tide" (with Joshua Sternin) and the teleplay of the episode "'Round Springfield", based on a story idea by Al Jean and Mike Reiss.
 Other credits include "Murphy Brown", "That '70s Show", and "The Critic".
 In 2002, Ventimilia and Sternin created a show for Fox called "The Grubbs", starring Randy Quaid.
 Due to negative critical reaction, the show was canceled before it went on air.
 Ventimilia co-wrote the screenplay for the 2004 film "Surviving Christmas" and the 2010 film "Tooth Fairy" and she also served as an executive producer and writer for "Kitchen Confidential", "Robot and Monster", and the 2012 Nickelodeon reboot of "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles".
"The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 3, 1995.
 As the title suggests, it is the 138th episode and the third clip show episode of "The Simpsons", after "" and "Another Simpsons Clip Show".
 While the "138th Episode Spectacular" compiles sequences from episodes throughout the entire series like the previous two, it also shows clips from the original Simpsons shorts from "The Tracey Ullman Show" and other previously unaired material.
 Like the Halloween specials, the episode is considered non-canon and falls outside of the show's regular continuity.
Dave Pressler is an American illustrator, animator, sculptor, character designer and painter based in Los Angeles.
 Much of his work focuses on whimsical portrayals of robots and strange, fantastical creatures.
 He is perhaps best known for his Emmy-nominated, short-lived Nickelodeon series "Robot and Monster", which he created and produced with Joshua Sternin and Jennifer Ventimilia.
"Simpson Tide" is the nineteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> ninth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 29, 1998.
 After being fired from the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant, Homer decides to join the United States Navy Reserve.
 The episode was the second and last to be written by Joshua Sternin and Jeffrey Ventimilia and was the final episode directed by Milton Gray.
"22 Short Films About Springfield" is the twenty-first episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 14, 1996.
 It was written by Richard Appel, David S. Cohen, Jonathan Collier, Jennifer Crittenden, Greg Daniels, Brent Forrester, Dan Greaney, Rachel Pulido, Steve Tompkins, Josh Weinstein, Bill Oakley, and Matt Groening, with the writing being supervised by Daniels.
 The episode was directed by Jim Reardon.
 Phil Hartman guest starred as Lionel Hutz and the hospital board chairman.
 The episode looks into the lives of other Springfield residents in a series of linked stories and originated from the end segment of the season four episode "The Front".
 The episode is a loose parody of "Pulp Fiction", which gave the staff the idea of a possible spin-off from "The Simpsons".
 The title is a reference to the film "Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould".
 The episode received positive reviews from critics.
"Release" is the seventeenth episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files".
 The episode originally aired on the Fox network on May 5, 2002.
 The teleplay for the episode was written by David Amann, from a story by John Shiban and Amann, and was directed by Kim Manners.
 The episode helps to explore one of the show's story arc involving John Doggett finding the truth behind his son's murder.
 The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 5.1, being watched by 5.38 million households, and 7.8 million viewers in its initial broadcast.
 The episode received largely positive reviews from critics.
