The Harlem Globetrotters are an exhibition basketball team that combines athleticism, theater, and comedy.
 Over the years they have played more than 26,000 exhibition games in 122 countries and territories.
 The team's signature song is Brother Bones's whistled version of "Sweet Georgia Brown".
 Their mascot is an anthropomorphized globe named Globie.
 The team plays over 450 live events worldwide each year.
 The team is currently owned by Herschend Family Entertainment.
 The executive offices for the team are located in suburban Atlanta.
The Central Basketball League was an early regional professional or semi-pro basketball league based in Ohio and Pennsylvania.
 The league disbanded on November 12, 1912 after playing a few exhibition games.
 Joseph "Joe" Meech Leithead served as Secretary prior to 1908 and President of the League for four years 1908-1912.
 Previously, Leithead was coach and captain of the Pittsburgh's South Side team from 1899-1907.
 "Joe Leithead Retires from the Floor Game" 10/20/43 Pittsburgh Sun Telegraph article by Harry Keck (sports editor) "Low Score Basketball Games Recalled by Vets' Reunion - Joe Leithead Honor Guest".
The Mormon Yankees were an exhibition basketball team in Australia from 1937-1961.
 Composed of young Mormon missionaries the team played all over Australia and became widely known.
 One Mormon Yankees squad played exhibition games against International teams preparing for the 1956 Summer Olympics, which were held in Australia that year.
Elitserien is the highest level of professional baseball in Sweden and is operated by the Swedish Baseball and Softball Federation.
 The number of teams in Elitserien has varied through the years.
 The Swedish baseball championship was inaugurated in 1956.
 Teams compete in the regular season for a chance to make the playoffs and battle for the Elitserien Cup Championship.
 Teams also play many exhibition games and events within Sweden, and throughout Northern Europe, in an attempt to help the sport gain popularity.
 Each organization has an Elitserien team, as well as minor league and youth league teams.
The Nashville Americans were a minor league baseball team that played in the Class B Southern League from 1885 to 1886.
 They were located in Nashville, Tennessee, and played their home games at Athletic Park.
 Formed in late 1884, the team played a series of exhibition games that autumn at Nashville's fairgrounds.
 The Americans were Nashville's first professional baseball team and were named for the "Nashville Daily American" newspaper which published accounts of their games.
Rogelio C. Melencio (September 27, 1939 – 1993), also known as Tembong Melencio, was a former Filipino basketball player and coach.
 Melencio was born in Tondo, Manila, Philippines.
 He played for the Yutivo Opels and later for Concepcion Industries in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association.
 Melencio also appeared at the Olympic Games in Munich, Germany as a member of the country's national basketball team.
 He was also a key member of the Pesta Sukan Basketball Team, the 2nd national team of the Philippines beating the 1st national team in close exhibition games.
The Washington Generals are an American exhibition basketball team, best known for their spectacular losing streak in exhibition games against the Harlem Globetrotters.
 Today they are known as the World All-Stars.
Spirit of the Game is a 2016 biographical film written and directed by J.D. Scott with cinematography by Brian J. Breheny ("The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert").
 The film is based on the true story of the Mormon Yankees, an American basketball team which played in exhibition games before the 1956 Summer Olympics.
 The film stars, Aaron Jakubenko, Kevin Sorbo, Wade Briggs, Grant Pino and Anna McGrahan.
To begin a highly touted year, the 2007 Tennessee Volunteers basketball team traveled to Europe and played a few European teams going 4–1 against them.
 The Vols were hurt when Sophomore F Duke Crews was suspended.
 Crews suffered a 30-day suspension, but missed both exhibition games with an ankle injury.
 UT's first exb.
 game was against the California-Pennsylvania Vulcans, winning handily, 106–46.
 The University of Tennessee lead the SEC in unrelated Smiths (JaJaun, Tyler, and Ramar).
 Crews also missed about a month due to heart problems.
 The Vols finished 31–5, winning the SEC regular season championship, for the first time since 2000.
 But the Vols lost in the 3rd round of both the SEC and NCAA Tournament.
The Baltimore Claws was an American basketball team which was supposed to appear in the 1975–76 season in the American Basketball Association.
 The team collapsed before the season started, playing only three exhibition games, all losses, in its brief history.
