The Suzuki Cultus Crescent is a compact car that was produced by Suzuki in Japan between 1995 and 2002, with South Asian production continuing until 2007.
 The Cultus Crescent was sold as such in Japan until May 1998, when it was renamed Suzuki Cultus due to the sales discontinuation of the previous Cultus in the Japanese market.
 The Cultus Crescent was also marketed as the Suzuki Esteem in North America, and as the Suzuki Baleno (Japanese: スズキ・バレノ , Suzuki Bareno ) throughout Asia, Australasia, Europe and South America.
 In India where it was manufactured by Maruti Suzuki, the Cultus Crescent was sold as the Maruti Baleno.
 In the Philippines, it was marketed as the Chevrolet Cassia.
The Maruti Suzuki Vitara Brezza is a compact SUV unveiled in 2016 at the 13th Auto Expo 2016.
 It was the company's first attempt in sub-compact SUV space and fourth attempt in the SUV market after Gypsy, Grand Vitara and S-Cross.
The Brezza is the first car which was conceptualized and designed in India by Maruti Suzuki.
 The Brezza was designed by C.V Raman, Maruti's head of design and all parts of its production were developed in India.
 A consortium of 15 auto journalists declared Vitara Brezza the "Indian Car of the Year (ICOTY) 2017" among all the cars launched in 2016.
 It battled it out against the Hyundai Tucson and Toyota Innova Crysta.
The Suzuki MR Wagon is a 4-seater mini MPV manufactured by Suzuki for the Japanese market only, and also marketed in Japan by Nissan as the Nissan Moco under an OEM agreement.
 The model debuted in 2001, and since 2011 it has been in its third generation.
 It was launched in India by Maruti Suzuki as Maruti Zen Estilo in 2006, Maruti Zen Estilo was discontinued in 2009 and renamed as Maruti Estilo.
Suzuki Motorcycle India, Private Limited (SMI) is the wholly owned Indian subsidiary of Suzuki, Japan.it was the third Suzuki automotive venture in India, after TVS Suzuki(1982-2001) and Maruti Suzuki(1982).
In 1982 the joint-venture between Suzuki Motor Corporation and TVS Motor Company incorporated and started production of two wheelar in india.
 In 2001, after separating ways with TVS motor company, the company was re entered as Suzuki Motorcycle India , Private Limited (SMI) in 2006 ,The company has set up a manufacturing facility at Gurgaon, Haryana having the annual capacity of 5,40,000 units.
The Maruti Eeco was introduced in India by Maruti Suzuki during early 2010.
 This car is essentially a stripped down version of defunct Versa.
 This is an urgent refresh in lines with Maruti Suzuki not being able to come up with a new minivan.
 EECO comes with 5-seater and 7-seater options.
 Eeco is equipped with advanced Engine Management System for optimizing fuel efficiency and performance.
 It is branded by the manufacturer as "a perfect car for every occasion"-a business trip or a picnic with the loved ones.
Maruti Suzuki India Limited, formerly known as Maruti Udyog Limited, is an automobile manufacturer in India.
 It is a 56.21%-owned subsidiary of Japanese automobile and motorcycle manufacturer Suzuki Motor Corporation.
 s of 2017 , it had a market share of 51% of the Indian passenger car market.
 Maruti Suzuki manufactures and sells popular cars such as the Ciaz, Ertiga, Wagon R, Alto, Swift, Celerio, Swift Dzire, Omni, Baleno and Baleno RS.
 The company is headquartered at New Delhi.
 In February 2012, the company sold its ten millionth vehicle in India.
Maruti Suzuki True Value is the first major automobile OEM to enter India’s used car market in 2001, Maruti Suzuki True Value is the pre-owned cars arm of Maruti Suzuki that offers buying, selling and exchange of certified pre-owned cars for customers.
 Maruti Suzuki True Value also provides services like Finance, insurance, as well as accessories, through a countrywide network spanning 1,132 outlets across 880 cities.
The Maruti Zen was a 5-door hatchback produced and sold in India by Suzuki's Indian subsidiary Maruti Suzuki.
 It has acquired significant popularity in India since the nameplate was first introduced in 1993.
 The word "ZEN" is an acronym standing for Zero Engine Noise.
 It also stands for the Japanese word "Zen" which means 'Complete'.
.
The Maruti Suzuki Dzire (earlier known as Maruti Suzuki Swift Dzire) is a subcompact sedan that has been developed as an extension of the Swift hatchback.
 The compact sedan was introduced in India back in 2008.
 It is available in a total of 14 variants including both petrol as well as diesel engine trims.
Suzuki F10D engine is an inline 4-cylinder 1061cc engine that was developed in India by Maruti Suzuki for the domestic market.
 It was debuted in the Maruti Wagon-R in India in 2001.
 It was briefly installed in Maruti Alto and it was the engine that the first Maruti Zen Estilo came with.
 This engine is very similar to the 3-cylinder F8D 12-valve engine that was optional on the Maruti 800 at the time.
 The bore and stroke of F10D is the same as that of the smaller sibling and shares quite a few parts like pistons, rings, conrods and valves.
 The cast-iron engine block is very similar to that of the older F10A 970cc engine that powered the earlier Maruti Gypsy and Maruti 1000.
 Both F10A and F10D shares the same stroke length; but interchangeability of parts between these two engines is not known.
