Von Braun Ferry Rocket was a concept design for a shuttle spacecraft that was developed by Wernher von Braun in a seminal series of early-1950s Collier's magazine articles, Man Will Conquer Space Soon!
 by Wernher von Braun "et al." The Ferry Rocket concept has evolved over time.
von Braun, named after the rocket pioneer Wernher von Braun, is a lunar crater located near the northwestern limb of the Moon.
 It lies along the western edge of the Oceanus Procellarum, to the northeast of the crater Lavoisier.
 The northeastern rim of this crater is on the edge of the Sinus Roris, a bay feature in the northwestern part of the Oceanus Procellarum.
 Due to its proximity to the limb, this crater appears significantly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth.
The Von Braun Center for Science & Innovation (VCSI ) is a non-profit research and development organization based in Huntsville, Alabama and is named for pioneering aerospace engineer Wernher von Braun.
 VCSI is affiliated with NASA, Department of Defense and other federal government agencies.
Man Will Conquer Space Soon!
 was the title of a famous series of 1950s magazine articles in "Collier's" detailing Wernher von Braun's plans for manned spaceflight.
 Edited by Cornelius Ryan, the individual articles were authored by such space notables of the time as Willy Ley, Fred Lawrence Whipple, Dr. Joseph Kaplan, Dr. Heinz Haber, and von Braun.
 The articles were illustrated with paintings and drawings by Chesley Bonestell, Fred Freeman, and Rolf Klep, some of the finest magazine illustrators of the time.
Georg F. von Tiesenhausen (born May 18, 1914) is a retired German-American rocket scientist.
 After being brought to the United States in 1953 as part of Operation Paperclip, he was part of Wernher von Braun's team at the U.S. Army, and later, NASA.
 He is credited with the first complete design of the Lunar Roving Vehicle and made a variety of other contributions to the space program.
FLIP is an animation festival primarily hosted by the Light House Media Centre in Wolverhampton, UK.
 It is one of two festivals hosted by Light House, the other of which is Deaffest.
 Official literature for the festival says that FLIP occurs annually at the beginning of November and attracts submissions from more than 30 countries world wide.
 As well as screening the selected open submissions, FLIP also consists of special screenings, talks from professionals within the animation world, workshops, industry panels, portfolio reviews and competitions.
 The festival was set up, managed and programmed by Peter McLuskie between 2004 and 2011.
 It grew out of the 'Animation Forum', also based at Light House and which was later rebranded as Animation Forum West Midlands and found a home at Birmingham City University.
 In 2009 the festival was awarded a Black Country Tourism Award for Event of the Year.
Mount Von Braun ( ) is a mountain (3,275 m) located 4 nautical miles (7 km) south of Mount Sabine in the Admiralty Mountains.
 Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63.
 Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Wernher von Braun of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, a visitor at McMurdo Station, 1966–67.
"Man and the Moon" is an episode of "Disneyland" which originally aired on December 28, 1955.
 It was directed by Disney animator Ward Kimball.
 It begins with a humorous look with a man's fascination with the Moon through animation.
 This segment features characteristics of the Moon depicted from William Shakespeare and children's nursery rhymes to lunar superstitions and scientific research.
 Then Kimball comes on with some information on the Moon, supplemented by graphics.
 Kimball then introduces Dr. Wernher Von Braun, who discusses plans for a trip around the Moon.
 Dr. Wernher Von Braun was employed as a technical consultant on this film by Walt Disney, and on a number of other Disney films.
 He had a great knowledge of rockets, as he had helped to develop the V-2 rocket while working for Nazi Germany.
The Applications Technology Satellites (ATS) were a series of experimental satellites launched by NASA, under the supervision of, among others, Wernher von Braun.
 The program was launched in 1966 to test the feasibility of placing a satellite into geosynchronous orbit.
 The satellites were primarily designed to act as communication satellites, but also carried equipment related to meteorology and navigation.
 ATS-6 was the world's first educational satellite as well as world's first experimental Direct Broadcast Satellite(DBS) as part of the Satellite Instructional Television Experiment (SITE) between NASA and ISRO.
Magnus "Mac" Freiherr von Braun (10 May 1919 – 21 June 2003) was a German chemical engineer, Luftwaffe aviator, and rocket scientist at Peenemünde, the Mittelwerk, and after emigrating to the United States via Operation Paperclip, at Fort Bliss.
 He was the brother of Sigismund and Wernher von Braun.
