Dance is the seventh studio album by Keller Williams, released in 2003.
 It contains remixes of songs from his preceding album, Laugh.
Laugh Now, Laugh Later is the seventh studio album by American punk rock band Face to Face, which was released on May 17, 2011 through Antagonist Records, a label run by the band's lead singer and guitarist Trever Keith.
 It marks 9 years since the release of Face to Face's previous studio album "How to Ruin Everything" in 2002.
 It is their first release with second guitarist Chad Yaro in 11 years, since 2000's "Reactionary".
Wish You Were Here is the second studio album of American country music artist Mark Wills.
 Released on May 5, 1998, on Mercury Nashville Records, the album produced four singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, all of which made top 10: "I Do (Cherish You)", "Don't Laugh at Me", "Wish You Were Here", and "She's in Love".
 The album itself peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums charts and #74 on The Billboard 200.
 It also received RIAA platinum certification for U.S. sales of one million copies.
The Rotten Agenda is the third and final studio album by the American hardcore punk band Aus-Rotten, released in 2001 on Rotten Propaganda Records.
 The record label bears the name of lead vocalist/lyricist Dave Trenga's anarchist DIY newspaper "Rotten Propaganda".
The discography of Suicidal Tendencies, a Los Angeles-based crossover thrash band formed in 1980 by vocalist Mike Muir, consists of twelve studio albums, four compilation albums, one extended play, eighteen singles and twenty-two music videos.
 Their first studio album, "Suicidal Tendencies", was released in 1983 but failed to chart.
 Their second album, "Join the Army", was released four years later and peaked at number 100 in the United States and number 81 in the UK.
 The album caught the attention of Epic Records, who signed Suicidal Tendencies in 1988.
 The band released their first album for the label, "How Will I Laugh Tomorrow When I Can't Even Smile Today", in September 1988, and in the following year they released "Controlled by Hatred/Feel Like Shit...Déjà Vu", which was their first album to be certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
N.W.U is a 2016 Japanese-language album by South Korean rock band F.T. Island and is the band's seventh Japanese studio album.
 N.W.U is an acronym of 'Naite' (泣いて, to cry), 'Waratte' (笑って, to laugh), 'Utatte' (歌って, to sing).
 The album was released on 6 April 2016 and became top selling album that week in Japan's Tower Records.
Dance and Laugh Amongst the Rotten is the fifth studio album by Dutch symphonic black metal band Carach Angren.
 It was released on June 16, 2017 via Season of Mist.
Don't Laugh Now was Ray Stevens' nineteenth studio album and his third and final for RCA Records, released in 1982.
 The front of the album cover shows Stevens looking pensive and holding a comedy mask, while the back cover shows Stevens smiling and holding a tragedy mask.
 Two singles were lifted from the album: "Written Down in My Heart" and "Where the Sun Don't Shine," both of which became minor country hits.
Live!
 is a live album by American rock group The Beau Brummels.
 The album, released in August 2000 by Dig Music, was recorded in February 1974 near Sacramento, California, shortly after it was announced that the band had reunited.
 The album includes a mix of performances of their most commercially singles, including "Laugh, Laugh" and "Just a Little," as well as then-new material, some of which would be recorded for the band's 1975 eponymous studio album.
Japonesque (capitalized as JAPONESQUE) is the tenth studio album by Japanese recording artist Kumi Koda.
 It was released on January 25, 2012 by Rhythm Zone.
 It was also released just a little under a year after her 2011 album, "Dejavu".
 "Japonesque" marks Koda's tenth consecutive studio album to be produced by Japanese producer and manager Max Matsuura, amongst many other producers, while she contributes to the album as the lead vocalist, background vocalist, and songwriter to majority of the songs.
 Recorded in Japanese with minor phrases in English language, "Japonesque" is a Japanese pop album with numerous musical elements such as dance music, R&B, electronica, and rock music.
