The United States Penitentiary, Terre Haute (USP Terre Haute) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Terre Haute, Indiana.
 It is part of the Terre Haute Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Terre Haute) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 USP Terre Haute houses a Special Confinement Unit for male federal inmates who have been sentenced to death as well as the federal execution chamber.
 Most inmates sentenced to death by the US Federal Government are housed in USP Terre Haute prior to execution, although there are some exceptions.
Joseph M. Giarratano (born 1958, Virginia) is a prisoner serving in Deerfield Correctional Center, in Southampton County, Virginia.
 He was convicted based on circumstantial evidence and his own confessions, of murdering Toni Kline and raping and strangling her 15-year-old daughter Michelle on February 4, 1979 in Norfolk, Virginia.
 He has said that he was an addict for years and had blacked out on alcohol and drugs, waking to find the bodies.
 He was sentenced to death and incarcerated on death row for 12 years at the former Virginia State Penitentiary (which has been replaced).
Martha Curnutt Casto (1812 - 1887) was sentenced to five years in Missouri State Penitentiary, an all-male prison, in 1843 after murdering her brutally abusive husband, Noah Casto, with an ax while he slept in Barry County, Missouri.
 Her experience in the Penitentiary roused enough support from political figures in the state to petition for her pardon, which was granted in 1844.
 The incident drew attention to the fact that an all-female prison was necessary.
Rufe Persful (May 25, 1906 – May 16, 1991) was an American criminal, convicted for murder, kidnapping and robbery.
 He was considered one of the most dangerous criminals of his era by the authorities.
 Convicted with the murder and robbery of an elderly man at the age of 18, he was sentenced to 15 years in Arkansas State Penitentiary, but unlike a standard prison, it involved farm labour.
 He was given the task of shooting fellow inmates with a shotgun if they attempted to escape.
 He killed and disabled many prisoners during his time at the Arkansas Penitentiary, punctuated by periods of parole as a reward for his prison protection, and then re-offending and being sent back to resume his role.
Jimmy Elliot (1838, Athlone, Ireland – March 1, 1883) was an Irish-American boxer who was Heavyweight Champion of the World from 1865 to 1868.
 On December 12, 1870 Elliott was arrested and convicted of highway robbery and assault with intent to kill.
 He was sentenced to sixteen years and ten months at the Eastern State Penitentiary in Philadelphia.
 He was released early in the spring of 1879 due to an eye disease.
 On March 1, 1883, a gambler by the name of Jere Dunn shot Elliot in a Chicago saloon.
 He died shortly after.
David Paul Hammer (born October 9, 1958) is an American murderer.
 He has been recently transferred from the federal death row at Terre Haute prison, Indiana to United States Penitentiary, Canaan.
 He was sentenced to death on November 4, 1998 for the murder of his cell mate, Andrew Marti.
 Hammer has achieved media fame for his appeals against his sentence and against the death penalty itself, and for his statements and books about the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing based on information he allegedly obtained from convicted bomber Timothy McVeigh.
Veronza Leon Bowers, Jr..
 is an inmate at the United States Penitentiary in Atlanta, Georgia.
 He is a former member of the Black Panther Party, and was sentenced to life imprisonment on the charge of first degree murder of U.S. park ranger Kenneth Patrick at Point Reyes National Seashore in 1973, but he was eligible for mandatory parole after 30 years.
Alberto Rodriguez was a Puerto Rican member of the FALN who received a sentence of 35 years for seditious conspiracy and other charges.
 He was sentenced in 1985, and incarcerated first at United States Penitentiary in Lewisburg (USP Lewisberg), PA, and later at the federal penitentiary at USP Beaumont, TX.
 However, he was released early from prison, after President Bill Clinton extended a clemency offer in August of 1999.
 Alberto and 10 other Puerto Rican prisoners were released on September 10, 1999.
Richard Dillingham (June 18, 1823 – June 30, 1850) was a Quaker school teacher from Peru Township in what is now Morrow County, Ohio, U.S., who was arrested in Tennessee on December 5, 1848, while aiding the attempted escape of three slaves.
 Tried April 12, 1849, he was sentenced to three years in the Tennessee State Penitentiary in Nashville.
 He died there of cholera.
Burton Earnest "Whitey" Phillips (May 20, 1912 – July 28, 1999) was an American criminal, convicted of bank robbery and kidnapping.
 He was subsequently sentenced to life in prison He robbed $2,090 from the Chandler Bank of Lyons in Kansas in February 1935, before taking the cashier and his assistant hostage and driving away in a stolen car with an accomplice.
 He was initially sent to Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary and had planned on overpowering the sheriff and obtaining his weapons before escaping and robbing the same bank again.
 He was assessed as a dangerous criminal who would be more secure at Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary.
 He was sent to Alcatraz on October 26, 1935.
 Phillips was a malicious, angry character, and was noted by the Alcatraz staff upon arrival.
 In 1937, he savagely attacked the Warden of Alcatraz James A. Johnston in the Dining Hall from behind and beat him until he was restrained; Johnston was 63 at the time and Phillips around 24.
 Phillips was said to have been angry with Johnston over a worker's strike.
 His attack was described as a "queer mental quirk".
 He died in Kansas in 1999.
