Billy Liar is a 1963 British black-and-white CinemaScope comedy-drama film based on the 1959 novel by Keith Waterhouse.
 Directed by John Schlesinger, it stars Tom Courtenay (who had understudied Albert Finney in the West End theatre adaptation of the novel) as Billy, and Julie Christie as Liz, one of his three girlfriends.
 Mona Washbourne plays Mrs. Fisher, and Wilfred Pickles plays Mr. Fisher.
 Rodney Bewes, Finlay Currie and Leonard Rossiter also feature.
 The Cinemascope photography is by Denys Coop, and Richard Rodney Bennett supplied the score.
Nat Cohen (23 December 1905 – 10 February 1988) was a British film producer and executive.
 For over four decades he was one of the most significant figures in the British film industry, particularly in his capacity as head of Anglo-Amalgamated and EMI Films; he helped finance the first "Carry On" movies and early work of filmmakers such as Ken Loach, John Schlesinger, Alan Parker and David Puttnam.
 In the early 1970s while head of EMI Films he was called the most powerful man in the British film industry.
Far from the Madding Crowd is a 1967 British epic drama film adapted from Thomas Hardy's book of the same name.
 The film, starring Julie Christie, Alan Bates, Terence Stamp and Peter Finch, and directed by John Schlesinger, was Schlesinger's fourth film (and his third collaboration with Christie).
 It marked a stylistic shift away from his earlier works exploring contemporary urban mores.
 The cinematography was by Nicolas Roeg and the soundtrack was by Richard Rodney Bennett.
 He also used traditional folk songs in various scenes throughout the film.
Leon Schlesinger (May 20, 1884 – December 25, 1949) was an American film producer, remembered for founding , which later became the Warner Bros.
 Cartoons studio, during the Golden Age of American animation.
 He was also a distant relative of the Warner Brothers.
 As head of his own studio, Schlesinger served as the producer of Warner's "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" cartoons from 1930, when Schlesinger assumed production from his subcontractors, Harman-Ising, to 1944, when Warner acquired the studio.
Joseph Janni (21 May 1916 – 29 May 1994) was a British film producer best known for his work with John Schlesinger.
 He was born into a Jewish family in Milan, Italy and became interested in filmmaking while at university.
 He emigrated to England in 1939, and once Italy declared war against England was briefly interned in Metropole Camp on the Isle of Man.
 He soon became involved in the British film industry and worked his way up to producer.
 He produced the first films of Schlesinger and Ken Loach.
Leo Burmester (February 1, 1944 – June 28, 2007) was an American actor.
 Burmester worked for director John Sayles several times, including in "Passion Fish" (1992) and "Lone Star" (1996), and also for directors such as John Schlesinger and Sidney Lumet, and as the Apostle Nathaniel in Martin Scorsese's "The Last Temptation of Christ" (1988).
 He also starred in the CBS sitcom "Flo" as Randy Stumphill, the mechanic who frequented the bar.
Peter Buckman is an English writer and literary agent.
 He has been involved in the publishing industry for many years; he was on the editorial board of Penguin Books, and a commissioning editor for the New American Library in New York City.
 He has published novels, non fiction, a biography and short stories, and has also written for television and film, including an episode of Inspector Morse, three episodes of The House of Elliot and television movie The Tale of Sweeney Todd, which was directed by John Schlesinger.
 He is currently a literary agent, having started The Ampersand Agency in 2003, notable for having discovered and represented Vikas Swarup, author of Q & A, which was filmed as Slumdog Millionaire, and also being the agent for the estate of prolific historical fiction writer Georgette Heyer.
Katharine Schlesinger, is a British actress niece of the film director John Schlesinger and great-niece of Dame Peggy Ashcroft.
 She starred as Catherine in the 1986 film adaptation of Jane Austen's "Northanger Abbey".
Lisa Eichhorn (born February 4, 1952) is an American actress, writer and producer.
 She made her film debut in 1979 in the John Schlesinger film "Yanks" for which she received two Golden Globe nominations.
 Her international career has included film, theatre and television.
Thymaya Payne is a University of Chicago and AFI graduate born in New York City and currently residing in Los Angeles and New York.
 Payne is also an award-winning documentary and narrative film maker with extensive production and project management experience.
 In 2008 Payne began a four-year journey to direct and produce an in-depth documentary about Somali piracy and its root causes called "Stolen Seas".
 The film premiered at the Locarno Film Festival and was awarded the Boccolino' D'oro.
 Later, at the Palm Springs Film Festival, "Stolen Seas" won the John Schlesinger award for best documentary.
 "A dangerous 90-minute immersion in a world where lawlessness applies to all sides" said "Variety".
 "The New York Times" called the "Stolen Seas" "Magnificent".
 "Stolen Seas" was theatrically released in early 2013.
