Respectability politics or the politics of respectability refers to attempts by marginalized groups to police their own members and show their social values as being continuous, and compatible, with mainstream values rather than challenging the mainstream for what they see as its failure to accept difference.
 The concept was first articulated in 2001 by Evelyn Brooks Higginbotham in her book "Righteous Discontent: The Women's Movement in the Black Baptist Church, 1880–1920".
 In the context of black American history, respectability politics was practiced as a way of attempting to consciously set aside and undermine cultural and moral practices thought to be disrespected by wider society, especially in the context of the family and good manners.
 The development of African-American politics of respectability has been traced to writers and activists including W. E. B. Du Bois and Booker T. Washington, and has been used as a way of understanding the election and political trajectory of Barack Obama.
 President Obama has also been criticized for his use of respectability politics during his presidency, as when he brought up issues of black criminality during his speech following the November 24 grand jury decision regarding the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri.
 One of the most open proponents of respectability politics is former basketball player Charles Barkley.
Charles William Barkley (1759 – 16 May 1832) was a ship captain and maritime fur trader.
 He was born in Hertford, England, son of Charles Barkley.
The 1992–93 NBA season was the 25th season for the Phoenix Suns in the National Basketball Association.
 During the offseason, the Suns acquired All-Star forward Charles Barkley from the Philadelphia 76ers, and signed free agent Danny Ainge.
 The Suns had a successful season posting a 14-game winning streak in December which led them to a 21–4 start, then posted an 11-game winning streak between March and April to finish with an NBA-best 62–20 record.
 The team set the franchise record for most wins in a season (the record was later tied in the 2004–05 season).
 Barkley won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award and led the team to its second trip to the NBA Finals, where they lost to the Chicago Bulls in six games.
The 1991–92 NBA season was the 76ers 43rd season in the National Basketball Association, and 29th season in Philadelphia.
 For the season, Charles Barkley changed his jersey number to #32 in honor of Magic Johnson, who retired due to HIV.
 However, the Sixers had retired that number in honor of Billy Cunningham, who un-retired it for Barkley to wear.
 After winning seven of their first ten games, the Sixers went on a 7-game losing streak.
 Plagued by injuries all season, they missed the playoffs by finishing fifth in the Atlantic Division with a 35–47 record.
 Barkley was selected for the 1992 NBA All-Star Game, where Magic returned and won the All-Star MVP award.
 Making matters worse for the Sixers, Barkley had a falling out with management when they did not re-sign Rick Mahorn, who went overseas to play in Italy.
 When the season was over, he demanded a trade which the Sixers obliged sending him to the Phoenix Suns.
 Mahorn would later on sign as a free agent with the New Jersey Nets during the following offseason.
In team sports, the number, often referred to as the uniform number, squad number, jersey number, shirt number, sweater number, or similar (with such naming differences varying by sport and region) is the number worn on a player's uniform, to identify and distinguish each player (and sometimes others, such as coaches and officials) from others wearing the same or similar uniforms.
 The number is typically displayed on the rear of the jersey, often accompanied by the surname.
 Sometimes it is also displayed on the front and/or sleeves, or on the player's shorts or headgear.
 It is used to identify the player to officials, other players, official scorers, and spectators; in some sports, it is also indicative of the player's position.
I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It is a memoir by former American professional basketball player Charles Barkley.
 [This is not to be confused with the collection of columns by Pulitzer Prize and H. L. Mencken Writing Award-winning columnist Michael "Mike" Royko (September 19, 1932 – April 29, 1997), copyright 1968, Library of Congress Catalog Card No. 68–31464.]
 The book became a bestseller in 2002 and sold more than 125,000 copies.
 It reflects Barkley's own personality, experiences, and opinions.
 It explores a wide range of interests, and discusses a variety of controversial topics.
 Each chapter has its own theme, and ranges from politics to lack of minority control in sports.
 It also recounts some of Barkley's memorable experiences during his Hall of Fame NBA career, such as his involvement with Michael Jordan as a member of the legendary U.S. Olympic gold medal winning "Dream Team."
Charles Barkley (born 1963) is a retired American basketball player.
Lawrence Morgan Kelley (May 30, 1915 – June 27, 2000) was an American football player born in Conneaut, Ohio.
 He played college football as an end at Yale University.
 While at Yale he was a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity and Skull and Bones, and was the second winner of the Heisman Trophy in 1936, the year it was renamed in honor of John Heisman.
 His jersey number was 19.
 Kelley was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1969.
Gregory Alan "Greg" Christy (born April 29, 1962) is a former American football offensive tackle.
 He went to the Buffalo Bills in 1985 after being selected by the Baltimore Stars of the USFL in the Territorial Draft.
 His Bills jersey number was #69.
 He played in 7 NFL games in 1985 with the Bills before suffering a career-ending injury.
 In his playing days, Christy was 6'4" and 285 pounds.
 He played for the University of Pittsburgh from 1980 - 1984.
 His jersey number was #73 for the Panthers where he played in 4 consecutive Bowl games as a tackle.
 Christy protected Dan Marino during his time at Pitt as well.
 Christy played high school football for the Freeport Senior High School.
The 1998–99 NBA season was the Rockets' 32nd season in the National Basketball Association, and 28th season in Houston.
 To replace the retiring Clyde Drexler, the Rockets acquired All-Star forward Scottie Pippen from the Chicago Bulls after a four-month lockout.
 The team also signed free agent Antoine Carr, who appeared in two NBA Finals appearances with the Utah Jazz.
 With the addition of Pippen along with Hakeem Olajuwon and Charles Barkley, plus re-acquiring three-point specialist Sam Mack from the Vancouver Grizzlies at midseason, the Rockets played solid basketball posting a nine-game winning streak in March, and finished third in the Midwest Division with a 31–19 record.
 Pippen had a solid season averaging 14.5 points, while rookies Michael Dickerson and Cuttino Mobley were both selected to the All-Rookie Second Team.
 However, in the first round of the playoffs, the Rockets lost three games to one to the Los Angeles Lakers.
 After the defeat, Houston didn't return to the playoffs until 2004.
