"Bachmann" is a short story written in Russian by Vladimir Nabokov under his nom-de-plume V. Sirin in Berlin in 1924.
 It was first published in Rul, a Russian émigré paper founded by his father, Vladimir Dmitrievich Nabokov, and later included in a number of short story collections: "Vozvrashchenie Chorba", "Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories" (1975), and "The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov" (1995).
 He and his son, Dmitri Nabokov, provided the English translation.
Nabokov's Congeries was a collection of work by Vladimir Nabokov published in 1968 and reprinted in 1971 as "The Portable Nabokov".
 Because Nabokov supervised its production less than a decade before he died, it is useful in attempting to identify which works Nabokov considered to be his best, especially among his short stories.
The PEN/Nabokov Award for Achievement in International Literature is awarded biannually by the PEN American Center to writers, principally novelists, "whose works evoke to some measure Nabokov's brilliant versatility and commitment to literature as a search for the deepest truth and the highest pleasure— what Nabokov called the 'indescribable tingle of the spine'."
 The winner is awarded $50,000 as of 2016.
 The award is financed by the Vladimir Nabokov Foundation, founded by Dmitri Nabokov.
 It has been called one of the most prestigious PEN prizes.
The Rozhdestveno Memorial Estate is a writer's house museum and park near Siverskaya, Gatchinsky District, Leningrad Oblast, that commemorates the most famous owner of the estate, Vladimir Nabokov; the Batovo and Vyra estates, also immortalized by Nabokov, are nearby.
 As Nabokov spent part of his youth at Vyra, he visited his grandmother at Batovo and his uncle at Rozhdestveno.
 The Batovo mansion burned down in 1925, Vyra was destroyed in 1944, leaving Rozhdestveno as the sole survivor of the triad of estates owned by the Nabokov family.
"The Vane Sisters" is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov, written in March 1951.
 It is famous for providing one of the most extreme examples of an unreliable narrator.
 It was first published in the Winter 1958 issue of "The Hudson Review" and then reprinted in "Encounter" during 1959.
 The story was included in "Nabokov's Quartet" (1966), "Nabokov's Congeries" (1968; reprinted as "The Portable Nabokov", 1971), "Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories" (1975), and "The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov" (1995).
A Russian Beauty and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Vladimir Nabokov.
 All were written in Russian by Nabokov between 1923 and 1940 as an expatriate in Berlin, Paris, and other places in western Europe.
 They appeared individually in the Russian émigré press.
 Subsequently, they were translated into English by him and his son, Dmitri Nabokov but for the first story which was translated by Simon Karlinsky.
 The collection was published in 1973.
The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov (in some British editions, The Collected Stories) is a posthumous collection of every known short story that Vladimir Nabokov ever wrote, with the exception of "The Enchanter".
 The thirteen stories not previously published in English are translated by the author's son, Dmitri Nabokov.
 The collection was first published in America by Alfred A. Knopf in 1995.
Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Vladimir Nabokov.
 All but the last one were written in Russian by Nabokov between 1924 and 1939 as an expatriate in Berlin, Paris, and Menton, and later translated into English by him and his son, Dmitri Nabokov.
 These stories appeared first individually in the Russian émigré press.
 The last story was written in English in Ithaca, New York in 1951.
 The collection was published in 1974.
The Man from the USSR and Other Plays is a collection of four dramas by the Russian writer Vladimir Nabokov, first published in 1984.
 The plays were collected and translated from the original Russian by Nabokov's son, Dmitri Nabokov after his father's death.
 The volume consists of the plays 'The Pole' ('Polyus', written 1923), 'The Man from the USSR' ('Chelovek iz SSSR', written 1926), 'The Event' ('Sobytie', written 1938) and 'The Granddad' ('Dedushka').
The Waltz Invention is a tragicomedy in three acts written by Vladimir Nabokov in Russian as "Izobretenie Val'sa" in 1938.
 It was first published in "Russkie Zapiski" in Paris in the same year.
 Nabokov translated it at that time into English for the first time.
 The second English translation was made by Dmitri Nabokov in 1964 with the help of his father who also made some alterations; it was published in 1966.
 The play takes place in an unnamed country in about 1935.
 Nabokov makes the point in the 1965 written foreword that while the work sounds a "prophetic forenote" - the invention is a weapon of mass destruction -, he has no political message and does not support the peaceniks of his time.
