Suva Grammar School (or SGS) is a secondary school in Suva, Fiji.
 The school caters 6 streams for Forms 3 to 6 and 3 streams for Form 7.
 Suva Grammar has a school population of approximately 1300 students.
 The school is in a location near the heart of the city and by the seaside.
 They are known to be very competitive in sports particularly in athletics at secondary school level during the annual Coca-Cola games & in the local secondary school's rugby union competition, the annual Dean's Trophy, against rival competitors Marist Brothers High School, QVS, Lelean Memorial School and RKS
Andrew Forsyth (born 9 September 1990) is an English rugby-union player, from Clayton West, Huddersfield, United Kingdom.
 He attended Queen Elizabeth Grammar School Wakefield.
 He plays as both a centre and fullback.
 He has represented England at both U16, U18 and U20 level and played for Leicester Tigers as part of their rugby academy squad.
 He is one of the brightest young rugby talents in the United Kingdom, despite being diabetic.
Queen Elizabeth's High School (QEHS) is a grammar school in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire in the East Midlands of England.
 It was established by Sir Robert Somerscale in 1589.
 During the last 400 years the school site has moved from a small setting in the local All Saints Church, to Cox's Hill (where the Hickman Hill hotel is now located) and finally settling on the Morton Terrace Technical College site towards the north of the town, where the boys' grammar (Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School) merged with the girls' school (Gainsborough High School) to form the current set-up of QEHS in 1983.
Hugh Stuart Jones is a British historian, currently Professor of Intellectual History at the University of Manchester.
 He was born in West Yorkshire and educated at the Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Wakefield, and at St Catherine's College, Oxford, where he took a First in Modern History in 1983 and won the University's Gladstone Memorial Prize.
 He took his DPhil at Nuffield College, where he also held a Research Fellowship (1986-8).
 After teaching for two years at New College, he moved to Manchester in 1990.
 He was head of the History Department from 2000 to 2003.
Roger Pearman (born (1939--) 05 1939 (age (2017)-(1939)-((11)<(09)or(11)==(09)and(29)<(05)) ) ) birth registered in Wakefield district, is an English rugby union and rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s, and coached in the 1960s, playing club level rugby union (RU) for Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Sandal RUFC , Headingley, Loughborough University, and playing club level rugby league (RL) for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 679), and Canterbury-Bankstown, as a loose forward/lock , i.e. number 13, during the era of contested scrums, and coaching club level rugby league (RL) for Canterbury-Bankstown.
Hilden Grange is a coeducational preparatory school in Tonbridge, Kent, England.
 It caters for children from Nursery to Year 8.
 It has academic records at common entrance and scholarship levels.
 It is unusual for pupils who leave in Year 8 not to secure a place at their first place secondary school, with many going on to Tonbridge School and Sevenoaks School.
 Many of the children who leave in Year 6 take their 11+ exams, and secure places at prestigious Grammar Schools such as The Judd School and Tonbridge Grammar School.
 The School is very strong in the Arts, with a high proportion of children learning a musical instrument and participating in the many productions and concerts that take place throughout the year.
 The level of sports coaching is very high, and the atmosphere around the school is relaxed, yet respectful.
Pate's Grammar School is a grammar school academy status located in the Hesters Way area Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England.
 It caters for pupils aged 11 to 18 and is a Beacon school.
 The school was founded with a fund bestowed to Corpus Christi College, Oxford by Richard Pate in 1574.
 The school became co-educational in 1986, when Pate's Grammar School for Girls merged with Cheltenham Grammar School.
 In fact, the first female pupils came to the (Boys) Grammar School in 1971/72 to take their A-levels in the 6th form, and vice versa.
Queen Elizabeth Grammar School (QEGS) is a coeducational selective grammar school in Penrith, Cumbria, England.
Queen Elizabeth Grammar School (QEGS) is an independent, public school for boys in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England.
 The school was founded by Royal Charter of Queen Elizabeth I in 1591 at the request of leading citizens in Wakefield (headed by Thomas Savile and his two sons) 75 in total and some of whom formed the first governing body.
Eton Fives, a derivative of the British game of Fives, is a handball game, similar to Rugby Fives, played as doubles in a three-sided court.
 The object is to force the other team to fail to hit the ball 'up' off the front wall, using any variety of wall or ledge combinations as long as the ball is played 'up' before it bounces twice.
 Eton Fives is an uncommon sport, with only a few courts, most of them as part of the facilities of the public schools in the United Kingdom (as well as Rydal Penrhos, Wolverhampton Grammar School, St Olave's Grammar School, St Bartholomew's School, Newbury and St Saviour's Grammar School, the Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe, King Edward's School, Birmingham, Queen Elizabeth's School for Boys, City of Norwich School and Oswestry School), Wrekin College and Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Ashbourne; consequently, it has been primarily the preserve of their students and alumni.
 The only known court to be owned by a private individual in the UK is on the Torry Hill estate in Kent.
