A social problem film is a narrative film that integrates a larger social conflict into the individual conflict between its characters.
 Like many film genres, the exact definition is often in the eye of the beholder, but Hollywood did produce and market a number of topical films in the 1930s and by the 1940s, the term "social problem" or "message" film was conventional in its usage among the film industry and the public.
 Many characteristics that have grown to define the social problem film revolve around the perceived consciousness of the nation about a certain social issue and integrating that issue into a narrative structure.
 Social problems such as the horrors of war, suffering of the poor, addiction, the rights of women, and the inhumanity of a certain world are often put on display.
 The problem with defining this type of film as a genre lies within the ability it has to separate itself from films that display similar style, as a lot of films do address social issues.
 However, the social problem film differentiates itself by focusing on the problems within the historical context of the current time, dealing with the social issue of a certain era as it applies to that era with a style that is much more didactic than its contemporaries.
 Furthermore, the social problem film allows further immersion into a certain issue than other genre films.
 For instance, gangster and prison films will reflect certain features of a social issue but won't actually fully explore the problem in the way that would qualify it for this genre.
A dog bite is a bite inflicted upon a person, a group of persons or another animal by a dog.
 One or more successive bites is often considered a dog attack.
 The majority of dog bites do not result in injury, disfigurement, infection or permanent  disability.
 Another type of dog bite is the 'soft bite' displayed by well-trained dogs, puppies and in non-aggressive play.
 Situations in which dog bites occur include dog fighting, mistreatment, trained dogs acting as guard or military animals, provoked or unprovoked.
In The Blood is a play written by Suzan-Lori Parks which premiered at The Joseph Papp Public Theater in 1999.
 Parks borrowed many aspects from Nathaniel Hawthorne's "The Scarlet Letter", and wanted to create a play based on the novel.
 She originally wanted to call the play "Fucking A", but scrapped the idea.
 She later wrote the story based on the main character from "The Scarlet Letter", and turned the story into more modern era, and changed the title to "In The Blood".
 She later wrote a different play that she did title "Fucking A".
The Space Opera Renaissance is an anthology of short science fiction that fits the definition of space opera: adventure stories of grand vision, where the majority of the action happens somewhere other than Earth.
 Meant to be an overview from the pulp fiction era to modern times, it is chronologically-organized and very thick (944 pages) but lacks representation by noted pioneers of the genre such as E. E. "Doc" Smith, Jack Vance and Alfred Bester, focusing more on the next wave.
 It was edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer.
 A hardcover edition was published by Tor Books in July 2006 and a trade paperback edition in July 2007.
I-Novel (私小説 , Shishōsetsu, Watakushi shōsetsu ) is a literary genre in Japanese literature used to describe a type of confessional literature where the events in the story correspond to events in the author's life.
 This genre was founded based on the Japanese reception of Naturalism during the Meiji period.
 Many authors believed the form reflected greater individuality and a less constrained method of writing.
 From its beginnings, the "I-Novel" was a genre that also was meant to expose the dark side of society or the dark side of the author's life.
The Story of the Man Who Turned into a Dog (Historia del hombre que se convirtió en perro) is a short play written by Osvaldo Dragún as part of his "Historias para ser contadas" ("Stories to be Told"), a series of short plays.
 It is the third short play in the series.
 The original production premiered with the independent theatre group Teatro Popular Fray Mocho in 1957.
 "The Story of the Man Who Turned into a Dog", as well as the other "Historias" can be classified into many genres of theatre, including Theatre of the Absurd, Metatheatre and Magic realism.
MediaEntity is a Turbomedia webcomic created by Emilie Tarascou and Simon Kansara since 2012.
 Following the story of a young man whose social media account suddenly started generating compromising messages, the webcomic features a large amount of free bonus content that fits its paranoid theme.
 The webcomic was first released in print form in 2013, using augmented reality features.
An album musical is a type of recording that sounds like an original cast album but is created specifically for the recording medium and is complete entertainment product in itself, rather than just promoting or reflecting an existing or planned musical theatre production or revue.
 Although there has been no one term consistently used to describe this type of recording, the genre predates the use of the term "concept album" by several decades, dating back to the era of 78-rpm records with such original works as Gordon Jenkins' "Manhattan Tower" (1946, expanded in 1956) and "The Letter" (1959) starring Judy Garland, and Stan Freberg's "Stan Freberg Presents the United States of America, Volume One: The Early Years" (1961).
 On most contemporary concept albums, the performers or bands sing as themselves, whereas on an album musical the performers are playing characters in a story.
The Choking Doberman is a popular urban legend that originated in the United States.
 Urban legends are, as Patricia T. O'Conner of The New York Times described, "fictitious narratives that are passed from person to person in the guise of true stories and sometimes persist until they reach the status of folklore."
 The story of the choking doberman fits into this category of folklore and generally involves a protective pet found by its owner gagging on human fingers lodged in its throat.
 As the story unfolds, the dog's owner discovers an intruder whose hand is bleeding from the dog bite.
After her Grandfather mysteriously leaves their large house in New York City, Gwen tries to continue her life as normally as possible while practicing hard for her violin auditions.
 Ignoring the constant and rudley demanding and angry visits of a greedy uncle wanting the house.
 She then meets Robert (Bobby) from "Things Not Seen" in a cafe.
 Robert is in town also preparing for trumpet auditions.
 Gwen invites Robert to stay in her empty house with her to help get him out of the hotel he was staying in.
 After becoming good friends in the following days they while shopping in a store in New York City spot a faint shadow apparently coming from an invisible person.
 Robert then tells her that two years ago he turned invisible.
 In the following days Robert discovers Gwen's grandfather dead in the freezer.
 But her grandfather went in with an oxygen bottle, thick clothes, and left the refrigerator slightly open so he could have left if he wanted to.
 The other invisible man was discovered in Gwen's house shortly after her grandfather's death was revealed.
 The man named William started to seek out Robert to find out how to undo the invisibility.
 William also is revealed to be a dangerous thief, and threatens them recklessly.
 Gwen was distraught and did not feel like playing the violin the whole day.
 The next day she gets a phone call from Alicia, Robert's girlfriend asking her to play.
 Alicia ended up thanking Gwen for the beautiful song and hung up.
 On the day of Gwen's audition she opens an envelope with dog tags with a code leading to the title of a Bible passage.
 The passage says, "There is no greater love than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends".
 Gwen finally understood why her grandfather did what he did, and she walks confidently into her audition.
