I Want to Destroy America is a documentary film by Peter I. Chang which traces the life of the Japanese musician Hisao Shinagawa through his early years as a folk singer in Tokyo to his current occupation as a street performer in Los Angeles.
Jiří Zeman (born February 12, 1982) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman.
 He played with HC Litvínov in the Czech Extraliga during the 2012–13 Czech Extraliga season.
Iraqi Democrats Against Occupation (formerly Iraqi Democrats Against War and Sanctions) is an Iraqi political organisation founded to oppose United States-sponsored economic sanctions.
 It has now turned its focus to the current occupation of Iraq, calling for the immediate withdrawal of all foreign troops and the institution of a democratic government.
Associazione Sportiva Roma was reinvigorated under new coach Zdeněk Zeman, who recently had been coaching arch rivals Lazio.
 Zeman brought his attacking 4–3–3 with him, resulting in Roma scoring 67 goals, but also conceding 42, an extreme rarity in defensive-minded Italian football.
 Roma finished fourth, three places above Lazio in the table.
 That was the first time it had happened in five years, which delighted the Roma board, and Zeman stayed on for a further season.
 The season also saw the international breakthrough of former youth-team product Francesco Totti, who at 21 was ready for increased responsibility and captaincy, responding with 13 league goals from a position on the left-wing of the attack.
 Also noticeable was new signing Cafu's offensive skills as a right-wing back, granting him a reputation among the world's top wing backs.
Sebastiano Nela (born 13 March 1961), is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender, usually as a full-back on the left flank, due to his stamina, tenacity and work-rate.
 He began his club career with Genoa, and later moved to Roma, where he spent most of his career, winning a Serie A title and three Coppa Italia titles; he retired in 1994, after two seasons Napoli.
 At international level, he represented the Italy national football team on five occasions between 1984 and 1987, and participated at the 1986 FIFA World Cup and the 1984 Olympics.
 He is a member of the A.S. Roma Hall of Fame.
Associazione Sportiva Roma was left trailing in the wake of city rivals Lazio's resurgence to fight for domestic and international glory.
 In coach Zdeněk Zeman's second season at the reins, Roma finished fifth in the table, and just missed out on qualification for the final Champions League spot.
 Roma reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup, but lost to Atlético Madrid.
The 2013 Coppa Italia Final was the final match of the 2012–13 Coppa Italia, the 65th season of the top cup competition in Italian football.
 The match was played at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome between Lazio and Roma on Sunday, 26 May 2013 at 18:00h CET, with "Gangnam Style" singer PSY making a pregame performance, in which he was mercilessly booed.
 Lazio has played 7 Coppa Italia finals and Roma has played 16 finals, but they have never met each other.
 Since the final always is played at Stadio Olimpico independent of which teams are going to play, it was the first Derby della Capitale in a Coppa Italia final, when both Rome teams played at their home stadium in their home city, and the third local derby after the Turin derby in 1938 and the Milan derby in 1977.
 Roma was officially the home team for this match.
Paulo Roberto Falcão, or simply Falcão (] ; born 16 October 1953), is a Brazilian former footballer and current manager of Sport.
 He is widely considered one of the best players in Internacional and Roma history, and he is universally considered one of the greatest Brazilian players of all time, especially at his peak in the 1980s.
 At one stage, he was the world's highest paid footballer.
 Due to his success and performances with Roma, he earned the knickname "the eighth King of Rome" from the fans, and was inducted into the A.S. Roma Hall of Fame in 2013.
The 2013–14 season was Associazione Sportiva Roma's 86th in existence and 85th season in the top flight of Italian football.
 The pre-season started with the June hiring of Lille OSC manager Rudi García.
 García replaced caretaker manager Aurelio Andreazzoli who took charge after the sacking of Zdeněk Zeman in February 2013.
 Andreazzoli's reign had seen the continuation of a disappointing season, with the team ending up in 6th place in Serie A, whilst also losing 1–0 to regional rivals Lazio in the Coppa Italia final.
 As a result, Roma missed out on European competition for the second season in a row.
 The 2013–14 season, in contrast, saw one of Roma's best ever in Serie A, the club tallying an impressive 85 points and finishing second to Juventus, who won the league with a record-breaking 102 points.
 Roma's defense was significantly better than in previous seasons, with only 25 goals conceded and a total of 21 clean sheets, including nine in their first ten matches.
The 2012–13 season was Associazione Sportiva Roma's 85th in existence and 84th season in the top flight of Italian football.
 The pre-season started with the June hiring of former manager Zdeněk Zeman.
 Zeman replaced Luis Enrique who resigned at the end of the 2011–12 season.
 Enrique's lone season reign saw the disappointing loss to Slovan Bratislava in the Europa League as well as the inability to qualify for international competitions for the 2012–13 season.
 Roma eventually finished 7th, losing the Europa League chase to rivals Lazio, Napoli and Internazionale.
