Dog Fancy was a monthly magazine dedicated to dogs, owners of dogs, and breeders of dogs.
 It was founded in 1970 and was described by its publishing company, BowTie Inc., as "the world’s most widely read dog magazine".
 BowTie Inc. also published its sister magazine Dog World and "Cat Fancy" for cats and their owners.
 The editorial office was in Irvine, Calif., and the statement of ownership in the December 2009 issue says the paid circulation was 202,000 copies.
 In August 2008, it began publishing a quarterly double issue entitled "Natural Dog" on the flip side of "Dog Fancy".
 In late 2014, I-5 Publishing announced that the monthly magazines "Cat Fancy" and "Dog Fancy" would be cancelled, and replaced with alternating bimonthly issues of "Catster" and "Dogster" beginning in February 2015.
Holly Whidden is an executive at Hearst Magazines where she oversees the entertainment division.
 Hearst is the largest publisher of monthly magazines globally and owns titles including ELLE, Harper's Bazaar, Marie Claire, Cosmopolitan, Esquire magazine, Town & Country (magazine), House Beautiful, Elle Decor, HGTV Magazine, Food Network Magazine, and Oprah Magazine.
Southland Publishing, Inc. is a publishing company based in Pasadena, California.
 The company produces weekly newspapers, monthly magazines and affiliated websites throughout California and selected states throughout the U.S.
The bibliography of Charles Dickens (1812–70) includes more than a dozen major novels, a large number of short stories (including Christmas-themed stories and ghost stories), several plays, several non-fiction books, and individual essays and articles.
 Dickens's novels were serialised initially in weekly or monthly magazines, then reprinted in standard book formats.
Goa Today is a monthly magazine published from Panjim (Panaji), the state-capital of Goa, India, since 1966, featuring news, literature and local issues.
 "Goa Today" is considered the "grand-daddy" of all monthly magazines in Goa.
 It was founded by former joint-editor of "Navhind Times", Lambert Mascarenhas, who was awarded the Gomant Vibhushan Award, the highest civilian award of Goa in 2014.
Founded in 1970, the Easy Reader is a weekly newspaper published every Thursday and delivered to homes in Hermosa Beach, Manhattan Beach, and Redondo Beach (Beach Cities/South Bay, California), with a circulation of approximately 57,000, offering local news and extensive entertainment listings.
 It is the legally adjudicated newspaper for the cities of Hermosa Beach and Redondo Beach.
 Easy Reader, Inc. also publishes two monthly magazines: "Peninsula People" and "Beach".
 Bob Staake, award-winning editorial cartoonist, had his first long-term position working at the paper for six years.
 In the 1980s, "Easy Reader" was known for its in-depth coverage of the McMartin preschool trial.
Blue’s Country Magazine is a rural affairs magazine owned by Bauer Media Group.
 It is distributed across the sub-tropical and tropical farming belt of Australia.
 As a free monthly publication the magazine fills a niche between weekly newspapers and subscription-based monthly magazines.
 The headquarters is in Brisbane.
In Denmark there are various magazines with different frequency types, including weekly magazines, monthly magazines and quarterly magazines.
 As in other Nordic countries, the national consumer organizations publish their magazines in Denmark.
 In 2007, there were nearly 68 consumer magazines in the country which were mostly owned by Danish media groups.
 Of them 52 were monthly/quarterly whereas 16 were weekly.
 These magazines were grouped into four main categories: general-interest magazines, opinion magazines, TV and radio guides, and professional and scientific magazines.
Quad International, Inc., doing business as The Score Group, is a publishing company based in Miami, Florida that engages in the production and distribution of Adult Entertainment.
 Founded in 1991, The Score Group (TSG) publishes several monthly magazines including its flagship publication "Score", and several others including "Voluptuous", "18eighteen", "Naughty Neighbors" and "Leg Sex".
 TSG also publishes quarterly magazines including, "XL", "40something", "50Plus Milfs", "60Plus Milfs" and "New Cummers", as well as a mainstream men's magazine "Looker".
 In addition it distributes adult content through its websites which include Scoreland.com, SCOREVideos.com, PornMegaLoad.com, Voluptuous.com, 18eighteen.
com, XLgirls.com, LegSex.com, 40SomethingMag.
com, 50PlusMilfs.
com, 60PlusMilfs.
com and NewCummers.com.
 It also produces and distributes full-length adult films under its Score Videos label.
TSJ Media, also known as TSJ News Inc. and the Spanish Journal Network, is a chain of bilingual weekly newspapers, monthly magazines, and Spanish-language radio stations based in Cincinnati, Ohio, that serves Hispanic communities in several metropolitan areas of the United States.
