The Impunity Game is a simple game in experimental economics, similar to the Dictator Game.
Mega Man 9, known in Japan as Rockman 9: Yabō no Fukkatsu!!
 (ロックマン9 野望の復活!!
 , Rokkuman Nain Yabō no Fukkatsu!!
 , lit.
 "Rockman 9: Revival of Ambition!!")
 , is an action-platform video game developed by Capcom and Inti Creates.
 It is the ninth numbered game in the original "Mega Man" series.
 "Mega Man 9" is the first, new home console game in the original "Mega Man" series since "Mega Man 8" and "Mega Man & Bass", which were released at least one decade earlier.
 "Mega Man 9" was the first game in the series not to have a physical release, and was initially released only on the downloadable gaming services WiiWare, PlayStation Network (PSN), and Xbox Live Arcade (XBLA).
 In June 2017, it was announced that Mega Man 9 and 10 would have a physical release with their inclusion in Mega Man Legacy Collection 2 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC.
Mega Man X, known in Japan as Rockman X, is an action-platform video game developed and published by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES).
 It was the first "Mega Man" game for the 16-bit console and the first game in the "Mega Man X" series, a spin-off of the original "Mega Man" series that began on the SNES's predecessor, the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES).
 "Mega Man X" was first released in Japan on December 17, 1993 and was released in both North America and Europe the following year.
 Taking place a century after the original "Mega Man" series, "Mega Man X" is set in a futuristic world populated by both humans and "Reploids", robots capable of thinking, feeling, and growing like their human creators.
 Because of these complex attributes, many Reploids are prone to destructive, criminal activity and are thereafter referred to as "Mavericks".
 The plot of the game follows the protagonist Mega Man X, an android member of a military task force called the "Maverick Hunters".
 With the help of his partner Zero, X must thwart the plans of Sigma, a powerful Maverick leader wishing to bring about human extinction.
Shadow of the Ninja, originally released in Japan as Yami no Shigotonin Kage (闇の仕事人 KAGE , The Darkness Worker Kage ) and later released in Europe and Australia as Blue Shadow, is a side-scrolling action game developed by Natsume for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) in 1990 .
 The game revolves around a pair of ninjas sent to assassinate a dictator in a futuristic version of New York City.
 A port was planned for the Game Boy, but was released in rebranded form as "Ninja Gaiden Shadow".
Street Fighter X Mega Man, also known as Street Fighter X Rockman (ストリートファイター X ロックマン , Sutorīto Faitā Kurosu Rokkuman ) in Japan, is a crossover platform game created by Singaporean fan developer Seow Zong Hui.
 Initially developed as a fan game, "Street Fighter X Mega Man" later received support from Capcom, who assisted in the production of the game.
 "Street Fighter X Mega Man" was released as a free download from Capcom Unity on December 17, 2012.
 It celebrates the 25th anniversary of both Capcom's "Mega Man" and "Street Fighter" franchises.
 Gameplay mimicks the design of classic "Mega Man" games with "Street Fighter" characters substituting as important enemies encountered in the game.
 The game received mixed to positive reviews by critics, with some common complaints relating to lack of a save feature and other bugs.
 In response to the complaints, an update was released on January 28, 2013 titled Street Fighter X Mega Man V2, which added a password save feature and other fixes.
Tropico 3 is a video game developed by Haemimont Games and published by Kalypso Media.
 Like the previous games in the series, "Tropico 3" is a construction and management simulation game (as well as a political simulation game) with heavy emphasis on city building.
 As a sequel to "Tropico", the game attempts to return to the roots of the series, which puts the player into the shoes of "El Presidente" – a dictator governing over an island banana republic.
The dictator game is an experimental paradigm in psychology, similar to the ultimatum game, first developed by Daniel Kahneman and colleagues.
 Experimental results offer evidence against the rationally self-interested individual (sometimes called the homo economicus) concept of economic behavior, though precisely what to conclude from the evidence is controversial.
Mega Man Xtreme 2, known as Rockman X2: Soul Eraser (ロックマンX2 ソウルイレイザー ) in Japan, is a video game developed by Capcom for the Game Boy Color handheld game console.
 It is a spin-off title in the "Mega Man X" series and is a follow-up to "Mega Man Xtreme", released the previous year.
 "Mega Man Xtreme 2" takes place during the 22nd century, in an unknown year 21XX, between the events of "Mega Man X3" and "Mega Man X4".
 The DNA souls of robots known as "Reploids" all around the world are being stolen by a pair of villains in order to create an army of undead "Mavericks".
 The "Maverick Hunters" Mega Man X and Zero quickly spring into action, now with the help of their young ally Iris.
Tropico 4 is a Simulator video game developed by Haemimont Games and published by Kalypso Media.
 Like the first and third games in the series, it centers on a customizable main character titled "El Presidente" – the dictator who runs the island banana republic.
 The Mac OS X version of the game (Tropico 4: Gold Edition, containing the Modern Times expansion pack) was released by Feral Interactive on July 25, 2013, as well as DLC packs "Dash for Growth" and "Captain of Industry".
 DLC pack "State of Emergency" was released by Feral on April 3, 2014.
Mega Man X7, known as Rockman X7 (ロックマンX7 ) in Japan, is a video game developed by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 (PS2) console.
 It is the seventh main game in the "Mega Man X" series and the first in the series to appear on the sixth generation of gaming consoles.
 "Mega Man X7" was first released in Japan on July 17, 2003, with North American and European releases following in October and March respectively.
 It was also released for the Microsoft Windows exclusively in Asia.
 It is the first "Mega Man X" in the series to feature bilingual audio.
 The next game in the series, "Mega Man X8", also features bilingual audio.
 It is the first and only Mega Man X game to be third-person shooter.
