Evan C. Kim is an American actor.
 He is best known for playing Harry Callahan's partner Inspector Al Quan in the fifth "Dirty Harry" film "The Dead Pool" (1988).
 He also played Loo in the comedy "The Kentucky Fried Movie" (1977) (in the segment "A Fistful of Yen"), the interpreter Cowboy in the Vietnam War film "Go Tell the Spartans" (1978), the erudite caveman Nook in the cult comedy "Caveman" (1981), Suki in the B movie "Megaforce" (1982), and Tony in the miniseries "V" (1983).
 His other film roles include the film "Hollywood Vice Squad" (1986), the film "Thousand Pieces of Gold" (1991), and the film "Loving Lulu", a year later.
Scarecrow is a 2002 direct-to-video horror film B movie, directed by French director Emmanuel Itier.
 It stars B movie scream queen Tiffany Shepis and Tim Young as Lester among others, including director and cofounder of Oingo Boingo Richard Elfman.
 The film is described as "so bad it's good", due to its poor acting, writing, and overall story.
Anubhav (English: Experience) is a 1986 Bollywood B grade (B movie) romantic comedy movie starring Shekhar Suman, Padmini Kolhapure, Richa Sharma, directed by Kashinath.
 The movie did not get much reception on release but the film is notable for steamy scenes between Shekhar Suman and Richa Sharma.
 Film also has light comedy scenes.
 Rakesh Roshan did a guest appearance in the movie.
 This film is the Hindi remake of 1984 Kannada film "Anubhava" in which Kashinath, director of the Hindi version, played the lead role.
James Vallo is an American producer and actor who played the role of Al Manac in "Space Daze" and its sequel "Spaced Out".
 His productions include "Sister Mary", "Not Another B Movie", "Chasing Hollywood" and "Paranormal Calamity".
Eddie Dew (29 January 1909, Sumner, Washington- 6 April 1972, Burbank, California) was an American actor, film director, and television director.
 As an actor, he is best remembered for his starring roles in B movie western films during the 1940s.
 In the 1950s he became active in directing both for film and television, most notably for the television series "Sergeant Preston of the Yukon".
The 1950s mark a significant change in the definition of the B movie.
 The transformation of the film industry due to court rulings that brought an end to many long-standing distribution practices as well as the challenge of television led to major changes in U.S. cinema at the exhibition level.
 These shifts signaled the eventual demise of the double feature that had defined much of the American moviegoing experience during Hollywood's Golden Age of the 1930s and 1940s.
 Even as the traditional bottom-of-the-bill second feature slowly disappeared, the term "B movie" was applied more broadly to the sort of inexpensive genre films that came out during the era, such as those produced to meet the demands of the burgeoning drive-in theater market.
Danny Trejo is an American actor.
 The following is a filmography of his work—consisting of over 250 film and television roles, as of October 2013.
 His prominence in the B movie scene has resulted in disparate media sources referring to Trejo as a "iconic actor" and a "film legend", among other titles.
Not Another B Movie is a 2010 American satirical comedy film written and directed by John Wesley Norton which peers into the processes of making a low-budget horror film.
 The film stars Byron Thames, Larry Thomas, James Vallo, David Faustino, Joe Estevez, and Ed Asner.
Daniel Frischman (born April 23, 1959) is an American actor, noted for playing socially inept "geeks" and "nerds".
 Frischman's birthdate is often listed as 1964, because early in his career his acting agent encouraged him to falsify his age to make himself more eligible for teenaged acting roles.
 He was born in Whippany, New Jersey.
Brian Earl Thompson (born August 28, 1959) is an American actor.
 Thompson has worked in the action adventure and science fiction genres where his stature and unique appearance often lends him to imposing roles, although he has earned many comedic parts as well.
 His career began with a small role in the 1984 film "The Terminator".
 His second feature was the hit comedy "The Three Amigos".
 He played the villainous "Night Slasher" in the 1986 film Cobra.
 His first named role was on "Werewolf", a horror series that ran during Fox's inaugural broadcasting year of 1987–1988.
 Thompson has played several characters in the "Star Trek" franchise, the Alien Bounty Hunter on "The X-Files", and Eddie Fiori on "".
 In 2014, he produced, wrote and starred in the B movie parody "The Extendables".
