Stony Man Mountain, also known as Stony Man, is a mountain in Shenandoah National Park, Virginia and is the most northerly 4,000 foot peak in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
 Its maximum elevation is 4,011 feet or 1,223 meters above sea level with a clean prominence of 651 feet.
 The mountain is co-located in Madison and Page counties and is easily accessed from Skyline Drive by hiking trails.
 Along with Hawksbill Mountain (4,051 feet), it is only one of two peaks in the park higher than 4,000 feet.
 The shortest route to the summit is from the Skyland Resort and gains less than 400 vertical feet in about 1 kilometer.
 A longer, more challenging, route is from the Skyline Drive trail head at about milepost 39 of the Skyline Drive and gains almost 800 feet.
 The peak sits just southeast of the Appalachian Trail (AT) but the summit is accessible from the AT by previously mentioned spur trails.
 On the upper slopes of Stony Man one can see a few balsam fir trees which typically grow in more northerly latitudes.
 The mountain is composed of ancient basalt which was metamorphosed into Greenstone through heat and pressure.
Bořeň (539 m) (also known as Biliner-stein, Borschen), is a phonolite hill two kilometres south of Bílina in northwest Bohemia, Czech Republic.
 When seen from the northwest side, the hill has the shape of a lying lion.
 It is a structure similar to the Devils Tower in Wyoming, and is the largest phonolite structure of its kind in Europe.
 Bořen dominates both the town Bílina and the Czech Central Mountains, with its distinctive silhouette visible from a number of remote locations.
The Hoher Eichham (also "Hocheichham"), at  m (AA) , is the most dominant mountain in the southeastern part of the Venediger Group in the High Tauern in Austria.
 Four arêtes radiate from its summit towards the north, east, south and southwest.
 To the southeast is the glacier of "Nilkees" and, to the northeast, is the "Hexenkees".
 The "Großer Eichhamkees" to the northwest and the "Kleiner Eichhamkees" to the southwest have shrunk to insignificant slabs of ice.
 On the North Arête is a rock tower, the "Eichhamturm" ( m above sea level (AA) ).
 Along the continuation of the arête lies the Großer Hexenkopf ( m above sea level (AA) ), which is roughly 600 metres as the crow flies from the Hoher Eichham.
 On the East Arête is the Niederer Eichham ("Lower Eichham",  m above sea level (AA) ).
 From this subpeak a ridge branches southeast linking it with the Sailkopf; the lowest notch on this arête being the "Sailscharte" ( m above sea level (AA) ).
 The Hoher Eichham may have first been climbed during a military survey using triangulation in the 1850s.
 The first visit to the summit by tourists was on 16 July 1887 by Berlin alpinists, Carl Benzien and Hermann Meynow using the South Arête.
 They were led by the Zillertal mountain guide, Hans Hörhager, from Dornauberg.
Devils Tower (also Bear Lodge Butte) is a laccolithic butte composed of igneous rock in the Bear Lodge Mountains (part of the Black Hills) near Hulett and Sundance in Crook County, northeastern Wyoming, above the Belle Fourche River.
 It rises dramatically 1,267 feet (386 m) above the Belle Fourche River, standing 867 feet (265 m) from summit to base.
 The summit is 5,112 feet (1,559 m) above sea level.
Māhukona is a submerged shield volcano on the northwestern flank of the Island of Hawaiʻ i.
 A drowned coral reef at about 3,770 feet (-1,150 m) below sea level and a major break in slope at about 4,400 feet (-1,340 m) below sea level represent old shorelines.
 The summit of the shield volcano was once 800 feet (250 m) above sea level.
 It has now subsided below sea level.
 A roughly circular caldera marks the summit of Māhukona.
 A prominent rift zone extends to the west.
 A second rift zone probably extended to the east but has been buried by younger volcanoes.
 The main shield-building stage of volcanism ended about 470,000 years ago.
 The summit of the shield volcano subsided below sea level between 435,000 and 365,000 years ago.
Bald Knob Cross, officially known as the Bald Knob Cross of Peace, is a large white cross located in Alto Pass, Illinois, United States.
 The structure is 111 ft tall.
 The base of the cross is 1,034 feet above sea level and overlooks the Shawnee National Forest.
 Originally completed in 1963, the cross itself stands 111 feet tall, is 22 feet square at the base, 16 feet square at the top and its arms extend 63 feet horizontally.
 The exterior white panels covering the cross are 4-inch architectural flat insulated metal panels while the base portion is covered in granite approximately 4-inches thick.
 The structure sits on a foundation of 730 tons of reinforced concrete that goes down 20 feet to bedrock.
 The steel framework weighs approximately 170 tons.
 Each of the four sides of the cross have a word inscribed into the granite: Peace, Hope, Faith, Charity.
Gile Mountain is located in Windsor County, Vermont, along the border between the towns of Norwich and Sharon, with the summit located in Norwich.
 The mountain reaches a height of 1873 ft above sea level.
 Relatively unimposing considering its height, the true summit cannot easily be seen from the surrounding territory, despite the prominent fire tower atop its summit.
 The tower is easily reached by taking Turnpike Road from Norwich to the parking area near its terminus.
 From here, the Gile Mountain trail leads west 0.7 mi to the summit, passing under power lines.
 The summit area contains an old ranger cabin, since converted to a shelter-type structure (though camping is not allowed), and the tower itself.
 From the top views are expansive, and on a clear day one can see Mount Ascutney to the south, the Green Mountains from Killington Peak to Mount Mansfield to the west, Mount Cardigan, Smarts Mountain, and Croydon Peak to the east, and Mount Cube and Mount Moosilauke to the northeast with many of the White Mountains beyond.
 Dartmouth College is also visible some seven miles distant.
Tidal flooding, also known as sunny day flooding or nuisance flooding, is the temporary inundation of low-lying areas, especially streets, during exceptionally high tide events, such as at full and new moons.
 The highest tides of the year may be known as the king tide, with the month varying by location.
 In Florida, controversy was created when state-level government mandated that the term "nuisance flooding" and other terms be used in place of terms such as sea level rise, climate change and global warming, prompting allegations of climate change denial, specifically against Governor Rick Scott.
 This amid Florida, specifically South Florida and the Miami metropolitan area being one of the most at risk areas in the world for the potential effects of sea level rise, and where the frequency and severity of tidal flooding events increased in the 21st century.
 The issue is more bipartisan in South Florida, particularly in places like Miami Beach, where a several hundred million dollar project is underway to install more than 50 pumps and physically raise roads to combat the flooding, mainly along the west side of South Beach, formerly a mangrove wetland where the average elevation is less than one meter (3.3 feet).
 In the Miami area, where the vast majority of the land is below 10 ft , even a one-foot increase over the average high tide can cause widespread flooding.
 The 2015 and 2016 king tide event levels reached about 4 ft MLLW, 3 ft above mean sea level, or about 2 ft NAVD88, and nearly the same above MHHW.
 While the tide range is very small in Miami, averaging about 2 ft , with the greatest range being less than 2 m , the area is very acute to minute differences down to single inches due to the vast area at low elevation.
 NOAA tide gauge data for most stations shows current water level graphs relative to a fixed datum, as well as mean sea level trends for some stations.
 During the king tides, the local Miami area tide gauge at Virginia Key shows levels running at times 1 ft or more over datum.
The Agua Dulce Mountains are a mountain range in the north-central Sonoran Desert of southwestern Arizona.
 The range is located in the extreme southwestern portion of Pima County, Arizona, immediately north of the international boundary with Mexico and about 30 miles southwest of Ajo, Arizona.
 The range has three main sections that total about 15 miles in length and about nine miles in width.
 The range is located entirely within the Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge.
 The highpoint of the range is 2,852 feet (869 meters) above sea level and is located at 32°01'32"N, 113°08'44"W (NAD 1983 datum).
 The summit is unnamed, but is marked on U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) maps for the "Quitovaquita" benchmark that was placed on the summit in 1920.
 The original surveyed height was 2,850 feet above sea level, but recent datum adjustments calculate the summit to be two feet higher.
Holston Mountain is a mountain ridge in Upper East Tennessee and southwest Virginia, in the United States.
 It is in the Blue Ridge Mountains part of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Holston Mountain is a very prominent ridge-type mountain in Tennessee's Ridge and Valley Region, about 28 miles (45 km) long, running from southwest to northeast, covering about 268 square miles (694 km²).
 Its highest summit is "Holston High Point", on which a Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) aircraft navigational beacon is located, at an elevation of 4,280 feet (1,304.5 m) above mean sea level.
 The second highest point is "Rye Patch Knob", at 4,260 feet (1,298.5 m) above mean sea level.
 The third highest point is "Holston High Knob" where an old dismantled Cherokee National Forest fire tower (now a Communications Tower) marks the elevation at 4,136 feet (1,240.5 m) above mean sea level.
