Danielle Prendergast (born September 8, 1990), better known by her stage name Elle Royal (formerly known as Patwa), is an independent Hip-Hop artist hailing from The Bronx, New York.
 Her breakthrough came in 2010 when her video "What Can I Say" went viral after WorldStarHipHop featured her as the “Female Artist of the Week”.
 Elle Royal later released the mixtape One Gyal Army under Patwa in 2010, followed by the singles “Jammin”, “Lights”, and “Statements” in 2015 under her current stage name, Elle Royal.
Citizen Kate is a continuing web series and video blog about Citizen journalism.
 In 2008, when the series was first created by Carey Lundin of Viva Lundin Productions, "Kate Soglin, a young "citizen journalist," gave the outsider’s view of inside politics.
 Citizen Kate was one of the first Citizen Journalists to hit the 2008 presidential campaign trail.
 She started her video blog coverage on February 10, 2007 at Barack Obama's announcement to run for president in Springfield, Illinois.
 She has filed several vblogs about the presidential campaign and politics on her web site CitizenKate.tv.
Premio Lo Nuestro 2003 was the 15th anniversary of the awards.
 the show was hosted by Mexican presenters Marco Antonio Regil and Adal Ramones.
 Juanes, Thalía, Marc Anthony, Pilar Montenegro, Sin Bandera, Banda el Recodo and other Latin music greats gave electrifying performances.
 In the show, there was 36 awards winners with 135 nominations.
 In Pop genre, Awards was given for : Album of the Year, Best Male Artist, Best Female Artist, Best Group or duo, Best New Artist and Song of the Year.
 In Rock Genre : Best Rock Album and Best rock Performer of the Year.
 In Tropical genre : Best Tropical Album of the Year, Best Tropical Male Artist, Best Tropical Female Artist, Best Tropical Group or Duo of the Year, Best Tropical New Artist, Tropical Song of the Year, Best Merengue Performance, Best Salsa Performance and Best Traditional Performance.
 Juanes was the biggest winner of night, took home four awards Best Pop Male Artist, Best Music Video, Best Rock Performance, and Pop Song of the Year .
 In the Regional Mexican, Pilar Montenegro took three awards for Regional Mexican Song of the Year, Pop Song of the Year ("Quitame Ese Hombre"), and for Best Regional Mexican Female Artist.
 In the tropical genre, Celia Cruz took home with four great awards of the night for Best Salsa Performance, Best Tropical Female Artist, Best Tropical Song of the year and Tropical Album of the Year.
 At the night, the greatest performance was a medley of top Latin hits from the last 15 years, performed by the artists that made them famous, including Vikki Carr, Son by Four, Los Ilegales, La Mafia, Luis Enrique, Wilfrido Vargas and Olga Tañón.
 There was a great tribute to Celia Cruz by the world-famous salsa group "Fania All-Stars", of which Cruz was a member during the 1970s, reunited for an exclusive performance that rocked the house.
IsRealli is the official blog of the State of Israel and the first official blog to ever be started by a government.
 Originally called Israel Video Blog, the site was launched on February 16, 2006 by the Consulate General of Israel in New York.
 In October 2006, the blog was relaunched as isRealli, with the tagline, “The New Blog of Israel.”
 This was the first initiative by the Israeli Consulate in New York City in Public Diplomacy 2.0.
 Following the success of isRealli, the Consulate launched a series of new media projects including a MySpace page, YouTube site, political blog, and Twitter press conference, which was widely reported by news media around the world.
 isRealli is maintained on a daily basis by the media and public affairs team at the Consulate General of Israel in New York.
Pharyngula, a blog founded and written by PZ Myers, is hosted on ScienceBlogs (2005–2011, in full, and 2011–present, in part) and on FreeThoughtBlogs (2011–present).
 In 2006 the science journal "Nature" listed it as the top-ranked blog written by a scientist based on popularity.
 The blog addresses a range of topics, including Myers' academic specialty, biology.
 It has become particularly well-known for Myers' writing style (characterized by sarcasm) and for his criticism of intelligent design and creationism.
 In 2009, Hemant Mehta ranked "Pharyngula" the most popular atheist blog, based on subscriber levels and other factors.
EQ Music Blog (formerly Electroqueer.com) is an independent British music website and blog founded by American digital and music enthusiast Raj Rudolph.
 Alternative names include EQ and EQ Music; the site supports new electronic pop artists alongside its music reviews, features, interviews and video previews.
 In 2007, with the addition of New Artists Editor Mandy Rogers, the site developed into a multi-author blog; in 2013, pop blogger Luis Gonzalez joined.
The discography of Chief Keef, an American hip hop recording artist.
 Chief Keef released his first studio album Finally Rich in 2012 after having several successful hits like I Don't Like, Everyday, Love Sosa which all of them went viral.
 The album peaked at number 29 on Billboard 200 and number 2 on Billboard Rap chart.
 In 2013 he was featured on several hit songs by other rappers.
 In 2014 he released the single "Faneto" which went viral as well.
 In 2014 he released his mixtape Back from the Dead 2 which was met with critical acclaim from critics.
 In 2015 he was featured on Travis Scott's debut album Rodeo on the song Nightcrawler.
 He also released two albums "Bang 3" Pt.1 and Pt.2.
JaHeRo is the video blog (vlog) started by Rosie O'Donnell on her website Rosie.com answering fans questions, giving behind the scenes information and serving as a video diary.
 Originally featuring only O'Donnell and her hair and make-up artist Helene Macaulay they were soon joined by her writer from "The Rosie O'Donnell Show", Janette Barber.
 O'Donnell, her producer Barber, and Macaulay created unscripted video blogs Monday through Thursday prior to taping, during which they answered user-submitted questions.
 Called "Jahero", composed of the first two letters of each of their first names, they occasionally had short cameo appearances by "View" co-hosts Joy Behar, Elisabeth Hasselbeck, and Barbara Walters.
 Jenny McCarthy appeared once briefly, as has Hasselbeck's mother-in-law and O'Donnell's mother-in-law, her wife Kelli's mother.
 Kathy Griffin also appeared, where she read some of the questions.
 It became so popular that O'Donnell and her creative team considered an "on the road" version of the video blog utilizing fan-submitted suggestions.
 O'Donnell was the front runner for the "best celebrity blogger" category in the 2007 Blogger's Choice Awards which she won.
Joystiq was a video gaming blog founded in June 2004 as part of the Weblogs, Inc. family of weblogs, now owned by AOL.
 It was AOL's primary video game blog, with sister blogs dealing with MMORPG gaming in general and the popular MMORPG "World of Warcraft" in particular.
Gawker was an American blog founded by Nick Denton and Elizabeth Spiers and based in New York City focusing on celebrities and the media industry.
 The blog promoted itself as "the source for daily Manhattan media news and gossip."
 According to third-party web analytics provider SimilarWeb, the site had over 23 million visits per month as of 2015.
 Founded in 2003, Gawker was the flagship blog for Denton's Gawker Media.
 Gawker Media also managed other blogs such as Jezebel, io9, Deadspin and Kotaku.
