The 1955 Cincinnati mid-air collision occurred on January 12, 1955, when a Trans World Airlines Martin 2-0-2 on takeoff from Boone County Airport (now the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport) collided in mid-air with a privately owned Douglas DC-3 that had entered the airport's control space without proper clearance.
 There were no survivors.
The 2009 Iranian Air Force Il-76MD Adnan 2 accident of 22 September 2009 resulted in the destruction of Iran's only functional airborne early warning and control (AWACS) aircraft, an Ilyushin Il-76MD Adnan 2.
 Sources conflict on the cause of the loss, with some stating that there was a mid-air collision with an Iranian Air Force Northrop F-5E Tiger II or a HESA Saeqeh, and others stating that the rotodome detached from the aircraft, striking and removing the tailplane while the aircraft was maneuvering for an emergency landing following an engine fire.
The 1993 Tehran mid-air collision occurred just outside the Iranian capital city of Tehran on Monday, February 8, 1993, killing all 133 people on board both aircraft involved—an Iran Air Tours Tupolev Tu-154M, registered EP-ITD, and an Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force (IRIAF) Sukhoi Su-24 attack aircraft.
The 1993 Auckland mid-air collision was an aircraft accident in New Zealand.
 It occurred on 26 November 1993, when two aircraft operated by Airwork, under contract to the New Zealand Police, collided and crashed in central Auckland.
 The mid-air collision of the Aérospatiale TwinStar helicopter and Piper Archer aeroplane resulted in the deaths of all four occupants – a civilian Airwork pilot on each aircraft and two New Zealand Police officers on the helicopter.
 The accident occurred in daylight with excellent visibility, in uncontrolled airspace (class G), with both aircraft flying under visual flight rules.
 Both the helicopter and aeroplane were operated by Airwork (NZ), and working under contract to the New Zealand Police at the time of the accident.
United Airlines Flight 736 was a daily U.S. transcontinental passenger flight operated by United Airlines that crashed on April21, 1958, following a mid-air collision.
 The aircraft assigned to Flight 736, a Douglas DC-7 airliner carrying 47 persons, was flying at cruise altitude above Clark County, Nevada, en route to a stopover at Denver, Colorado, when it was struck by a United States Air Force fighter jet crewed by two pilots.
 The collision occurred at 8:30 a.m. in clear weather within a major commercial airway; both aircraft fell out of control from 21000 ft and crashed into unpopulated desert terrain southwest of Las Vegas, Nevada.
The Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision occurred on 12 November 1996 over the village of Charkhi Dadri, to the west of New Delhi, India.
 The aircraft involved were a Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 747-100B en route from Delhi to Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, and a Kazakhstan Airlines Ilyushin Il-76 en route from Chimkent, Kazakhstan, to Delhi.
 The crash killed all 349 people on board both planes, making it the world's deadliest mid-air collision, the deadliest aviation accident to occur in India, and the third-deadliest aircraft accident in the history of aviation, behind only the Tenerife airport disaster and Japan Airlines Flight 123.
A traffic collision avoidance system or traffic alert and collision avoidance system (both abbreviated as TCAS, and pronounced tee-kas) is an aircraft collision avoidance system designed to reduce the incidence of mid-air collisions between aircraft.
 It monitors the airspace around an aircraft for other aircraft equipped with a corresponding active transponder, independent of air traffic control, and warns pilots of the presence of other transponder-equipped aircraft which may present a threat of mid-air collision (MAC).
 It is a type of airborne collision avoidance system mandated by the International Civil Aviation Organization to be fitted to all aircraft with a maximum take-off mass (MTOM) of over 5700 kg or authorized to carry more than 19 passengers.
 CFR 14, Ch I, part 135 requires that TCAS I is installed for aircraft with 10-30 passengers and TCAS II for aircraft with more than 30 passengers.
The 1948 Northwood mid-air collision took place on 4 July at 15:03 when a Douglas DC-6 of Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) and an Avro York C.1 of the Royal Air Force (RAF) collided in mid-air over Northwood in London, UK.
 All thirty-nine people aboard both aircraft were killed.
 It was SAS's first fatal aviation accident and was at the time the deadliest civilian aviation accident in the UK.
 It is still the deadliest mid-air collision in British history.
The 1965 Carmel mid-air collision occurred on December 4, 1965, when Eastern Air Lines Flight 853 (N6218C), a Lockheed Super Constellation en route from Boston Logan International Airport to Newark International Airport, collided in mid-air with Trans World Airlines Flight 42 (N748TW), a Boeing 707-131B en route from San Francisco International Airport to John F. Kennedy International Airport, over Carmel, New York, United States.
Bukovyna Airlines, also known as Bukovyna Aviation Enterprise, is a charter airline based in Chernivtsi, Ukraine, operating chartered passenger flights out of Chernivtsi International Airport.
 The company was founded in 1999.
 In 2013 Bukovyna was one of two Ukrainian airlines that had sanctions imposed against them by the US government.
 Bukovyna Airlines was hit with sanctions because it was leasing its US-built McDonnell Douglas MD-80 series aircraft to Iranian airlines Mahan Air and Iran Air.
 The Iranian airlines were themselves under sanction by the US government.
