Viva (stylised as VIVA) is a music television channel in the United Kingdom and Ireland, owned by VIVA Media and thereby Viacom International Media Networks Europe.
 The channel launched on 26 October 2009, replacing TMF.
VIVA Polska (earlier "VIVApolska!")
 is a Polish 24h music and entertainment channel from Viacom International Media Networks Polska.
 The channel was officially launched on June 10, 2000 by the German VIVA Media AG.
WWE One Night Stand was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event, produced every June by WWE, a professional wrestling promotion based in Connecticut.
 The event was created in 2005, with its inaugural event taking place in June of that year.
 The event's name refers to its original format, that being a one night reunion show for former Extreme Championship Wrestling alumni.
 The first two shows were promoted under the ECW acronym; this however was changed for the 2007 and 2008 events.
 As WWE launched their own version of ECW in 2006, these two shows were promoted under the WWE acronym.
 The final event under the One Night Stand name was in 2008 before being renamed to Extreme Rules in 2009.
 This event was noted by WWE to be a direct continuation of the One Night Stand chronology.
 However, the 2010 event was later promoted as only the second event under a new chronology, one that is no longer a direct continuation of the One Night Stand event.
John M. Keller (born March 5, 1938) is an American educational psychologist.
 He is best known for his work on motivation in educational settings and in particular the ARCS model of instructional design.
 The four elements of the acronym stand for Attention, Relevance, Confidence and Satisfaction (ARCS).
Constantin Medien AG (formerly EM.Entertainment and EM.TV & Merchandising AG, then EM.TV AG, and finally em.sport media ag) is a German media group, based in Ismaning near Munich, active in the area of sports, film and event marketing to medium-sized media companies.
VIVA Media GmbH (until 2004 "VIVA Media AG") is a music television network originating from Germany.
 It was founded for broadcast of VIVA Germany as VIVA Media AG in 1993 and has been owned by their original concurrent Viacom, the parent company of MTV, since 2004.
 Viva channels exist in some European countries; the first spin-offs were launched in Poland and Switzerland in 2000.
Mix Megapol is a private Swedish radio network controlled by ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG.
 It launched in 1993 under the name Skärgårdsradion (Archipelago Radio).
 Later that year the name was changed to Radio Megapol when the broadcasting permissions were auctioned out.
 In 1997 the word "Mix" was added and their slogan became "The best mix of hits and oldies".
 Mix Megapol is on air in 24 cities from Kiruna in the north to Malmö in the south.
 They have over two million listeners per week.
 Their target group is people aged between 25 and 45.
Qontis is a Switzerland based online personal finance management (PFM) platform.
 The service is part of a commercial enterprise between the "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" media property and e-banking solutions provider Crealogix.
 The platform provides users with the ability to document and organize data from all instances of private income and expenditures.
 Qontis' CEO (chief executive officer) is Christian Bieri, who formerly served as the Austrian Country Manager and CEE for the Vienna branch of Avaloq Evolution AG.
 The company's CMO (chief marketing officer) is Nils Reimelt, the former digital director at Ringier Axel Springer Media AG.
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (officially abbreviated as P7S1, formerly ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG) is a European mass media company, based in Germany.
 It operates free-to-air commercial TV channels, pay TV channels, radio stations and related print businesses.
 It was formed on October 2, 2000 by the merger of German TV broadcasters ProSieben Media AG (founded in 1989) and Sat.1 SatellitenFernsehen GmbH (founded in 1984 as PKS (Programmgesellschaft für Kabel- und Satellitenrundfunk)).
 The company is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and is a component of the DAX index.
Blic (Cyrillic: Блиц, ] ) is a daily middle-market tabloid newspaper in Serbia.
 Founded in 1996, "Blic" is owned by Ringier Axel Springer Media AG, a joint venture between Ringier media corporation from Switzerland and Axel Springer AG from Germany.
