The football team representing Zamalek Sporting Club of Giza has had over 50 managers since 1946.
The Zamalek disaster occurred on 17 February 1974 when fans were crushed before a football friendly match at the Zamalek Stadium in Cairo between Zamalek SC of Egypt and Dukla Prague of Czechoslovakia.
"Al Zamalek Sporting Club (Egyptian Arabic: نادى الزمالك للألعاب الرياضية‎ ‎ ), is an Egyptian sports club based in Meet Okba, Giza, Egypt.
 They are best known for their professional football team, which plays in the Egyptian Premier League, the top tier of the Egyptian football league system.
 The club was founded on 5 January 1911 as Qasr El-Neel Club and was first headed by Belgian lawyer George Marzbach.
 The name was changed to El-Mokhtalat Club in 1913 and in 1941 it was changed again to King Farouk Club, named after King Farouk.
 The name finally settled as Zamalek SC"' after the 1952 Egyptian revolution.
 Al Zamalek Sporting Club has many sports.
 Zamalek has won many Olympic and non-Olympic sports alongside football, such as handball, athletics, volleyball and basketball.
 They have won many local, Arab and African tournaments, participated in world championships and achieved advanced positions.
The 2013–14 season is Zamalek Sporting Club's 103rd season of football, 58th consecutive season in the Egyptian Premier League.
 The club also plays in the CAF Champions League.
The 2012–2013 season was Zamalek Sporting Club's 102nd season of football and 57th consecutive season in the Egyptian Premier League.
 The club also played in the CAF Champions League.
Zamalek Sporting Club is an Egyptian sporting club based in Meet Okba, Giza, which is currently competes in 2014–15 Egyptian Premier League.
 The club was formed in 1911 by George Marzbach as Qasr El-Nil.
Since its foundation in 1911, the football team representing Zamalek Sporting Club of Giza, Egypt has won the Egypt Cup 25 times and the Egyptian Super Cup three times.
 It has also scored many successful seasons in the Egyptian Premier League.
 On the international stage the club has frequently participated in the CAF Champions League and other tournaments run by the Confederation of African Football (CAF).
The football team representing Zamalek Sporting Club of Giza, Egypt has played in many competitions on the continent of Africa.
 In the 20th century they won more titles in African football than any other club: they won the African Cup of Champions Clubs four times, the CAF Cup Winners' Cup once, the CAF Super Cup twice, and the Afro-Asian Club Championship twice.
During the 2011–12 season, the football team representing Zamalek Sporting Club of Giza, Egypt were eliminated in the eighth round of the 2012 CAF Champions League.
 The domestic competitions they entered, the Egyptian Premier League and the Egypt Cup, were abandoned following the Port Said Stadium disaster of 1 February 2012.
Zamalek Sporting Club Centennial was the 100 anniversary of the founding of Zamalek Sporting Club.
 The celebration included sporting, social and artistic events, though the main event was the friendly match against Atlético Madrid; it was delayed for more than once because of the consequences of the Egyptian revolution.
