Max Domi (born March 2, 1995) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Domi was originally selected eighth overall in the 2011 OHL Priority Selection by the Kingston Frontenacs.
 He was selected by the Phoenix Coyotes in the first round, 12th overall, of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
 He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
 Domi is of Albanian descent; his paternal grandparents immigrated to Canada during wars and tumult in their native country.
 His father is former Toronto Maple Leafs legend Tie Domi.
 Growing up, Domi's favourite team was the Toronto Maple Leafs, partially due to his father's many seasons with the club.
The Toronto Maple Leafs are an independent, minor league baseball team of the semi-pro Intercounty Baseball League, based in Toronto.
 They play their home games on "Dominico Field" at Christie Pits.
 They are also known colloquially as the Intercounty Maple Leafs or the Intercounty Leafs to disambiguate themselves from the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team.
The 1968–69 Toronto Maple Leafs season was the Toronto Maple Leafs 52nd season of the franchise, 42nd season as the Maple Leafs.
 Although the Maple Leafs made the playoffs, they were swept in the quarter-finals by Boston, suffering two crushing defeats at Boston Garden.
The NHL Centennial Classic (branded as the Scotiabank NHL Centennial Classic for sponsorship reasons) was a regular season outdoor National Hockey League (NHL) game that was held on January 1, 2017.
 The game featured the Toronto Maple Leafs taking on the Detroit Red Wings at BMO Field (renamed Exhibition Stadium due to sponsorship rights conflicts).
 This was the first time an NHL outdoor game was played in Toronto.
 Announced on March 9, 2016, the game served as a celebration of the centennial season of the Maple Leafs, and the beginning of the NHL's centennial year.
 It was one of four outdoor regular season games during the 2016–17 NHL season, the others being the 2016 Heritage Classic, 2017 NHL Winter Classic (held on the following day) and the 2017 NHL Stadium Series game.
 The hosting Maple Leafs pulled out to a 4–1 lead in the third period, only to have the Red Wings score the tying goal with one second remaining in regulation; in overtime, first overall draft pick Auston Matthews scored the game-winning goal, securing a 5–4 victory for the Leafs.
The 1966–67 Toronto Maple Leafs season was the 50th season of the Toronto NHL franchise, fortieth as the "Maple Leafs."
 The Leafs finished third in the NHL with a record of 32–27–11 for 75 points to qualify for the playoffs.
 Toronto defeated the first-place Chicago Black Hawks four games to two in the semi-finals before upending their arch-rival Montreal Canadiens in six games to win their thirteenth Stanley Cup in franchise history.
 As of 2016, this is the last time that the Maple Leafs won the Stanley Cup, or even made it to the Finals.
The 1992-93 season was a triumph for the Maple Leafs.
 It saw them set franchise records in wins (44) and points (99).
 The 21-year-old goaltender Felix Potvin played his first full season with the team and was solid, with a 25-15-7 record, a GAA of 2.50, 2 shutouts, and a .910 SV%.
 In a season that saw 20 of 24 teams average more than 3 goals scored per game, the Maple Leafs goaltending was one of the best in the NHL, allowing only 241 goals in 84 games (only the Chicago Blackhawks allowed fewer goals than Toronto).
 The Maple Leafs also had a strong defense corps, anchored by Dave Ellett, Todd Gill, Sylvain Lefebvre, Jamie Macoun, Dimitri Mironov and Bob Rouse.
 Out of all 24 teams, the Maple Leafs allowed the fewest power-play goals in the regular season (69).
 Newcomers Dave Andreychuk and Daren Puppa also played very well.
 In just 31 games with the Leafs, Andreychuk scored 25 goals and had 13 assists for 38 points.
 Puppa won 6 out of 8 games, had a GAA of 2.25, 2 shutouts, and a .922 SV%.
 Rookie Nikolai Borschevsky led the team in goals with 34 and would score a very memorable goal in the first round of the playoffs against the Detroit Red Wings; Borschevsky deflected Bob Rouse's shot 2:35 into the first overtime period of game 7 at Joe Louis Arena to give the Leafs a 4-3 win and a 4-games-to-3 series win.
James Reimer (born March 15, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Reimer has also played for the Toronto Maple Leafs and San Jose Sharks.
 He was selected by the Maple Leafs in the fourth round (99th overall) of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
 He started playing minor hockey in his hometown when he was 12.
 He played junior hockey with the Red Deer Rebels of the Western Hockey League (WHL), after being selected in the fifth round of the 2003 WHL Bantam Draft.
 After turning professional, Reimer played with the South Carolina Stingrays and Reading Royals of the ECHL, as well as the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League.
 Reimer was named the most valuable player of the ECHL playoffs, as the Stingrays won the Kelly Cup in 2009.
 Reimer made his NHL debut with the Maple Leafs during the 2010–11 season and went on to replace Jean-Sébastien Giguère as the Maple Leafs' starting goaltender.
 He plays for Canada internationally, and first represented his country at the 2011 World Championship.
 In 2013, he had the best save percentage in Toronto Maple Leafs history with a then .918.
Tahir "Tie" Domi (born November 1, 1969) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player of Albanian origin.
 Known for his role as an enforcer, he played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Rangers and Winnipeg Jets over a sixteen-year NHL career.
 He has more penalty minutes than any other player in the history of the Maple Leafs (see Maple Leafs records) and third overall in penalty minutes in NHL history.
The Toronto Maple Leafs were a professional box lacrosse team in the National Lacrosse Association.
 The team started out in the senior A league in 1966.
 In 1968, the professional NLA was launched and the Maple Leafs joined the league, playing their home games at Maple Leaf Gardens.
 Stafford Smythe and Harold Ballard, part owners of the National Hockey League's Toronto Maple Leafs, were two of the five founding partners of the pro club, but financial difficulties forced Maple Leaf Gardens Ltd. to take over ownership of the club midway though the season.
 The NLA suspended operations prior to the following season.
 However, the eastern division of the NLA reconstituted itself as the Eastern Professional Lacrosse Association, in which the Maple Leafs competed in 1969.
 By 1970 the pro league league had disbanded.
 Toronto would be without pro box lacrosse until the arrival of the Toronto Tomahawks in 1974.
The Ontario Raiders were a member of the National Lacrosse League during the 1998 NLL season.
 The franchise was founded as an expansion team in Hamilton, Ontario, and played their home games at Copps Coliseum.
 Former Buffalo Bandits coach Les Bartley was hired to coach the new team, and he lured former Bandit Jim Veltman to join him, becoming the Raiders' captain.
 The team finished a respectable 6-6 in their inaugural season, but missed the playoffs on a tie-breaker.
 Following the season, losses of $250,000 forced owner Chris Fritz to look for partners.
 Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment considered purchasing the team, but ultimately a group which included Bill Watters, the then Assistant General Manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs, Paul Beeston, former president of the Toronto Blue Jays, Tie Domi, player for the Maple Leafs, and Bobby Orr, former NHL player, bought it for $250,000 and promptly relocated the team to Toronto's Maple Leaf Gardens where they rebranded it the Toronto Rock.
