"Smash" is an American musical-drama television series created by playwright Theresa Rebeck.
 It premiered in the United States on NBC on February 6, 2012.
 The series revolves around a fictional New York theater community making new Broadway musicals.
 In the first season, the focus was on the making of "Bombshell", a musical based on the life of Marilyn Monroe.
 In the second season, the show was split between taking "Bombshell" to Broadway and the creation and mounting of a contemporary pop musical called "Hit List" that was about the price of fame.
 Other fictional musicals that were touched on for which original songs were performed include "Beautiful" and "Liaisons".
 A few of the songs were written for events outside of the aforementioned musicals.
Mark Nichols (born February 22, 1964) is an American playwright, composer and lyricist, best known for his musicals "Little Boy Goes to Hell" (1988), "Joe Bean" (2003), and "How to Survive the Apocalypse" (2009).
 He is also known in the northwestern United States for his work with Fred Jamison (aka Beaverchief of the Lummi) for whom he arranged 20 Northwest Coast Native songs for orchestra, girl choir, and rock band, performed by the Seattle Symphony in 1996.
Shannon Day (August 5, 1896 – February 24, 1977) (born, Sylvia Day) was an American silent film actress who appeared in supporting parts in numerous productions.
 She also performed on the Broadway stage as a teenager.
 Her career did not survive the sound era.
 Her first film was Cecil B. DeMille's "Forbidden Fruit".
Sylvia Cecil (c. 1898 – c. 1983) was an English singer and actress.
 She began her career in the Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.
 She soon moved on to musical comedy, including the musicals of Ivor Novello and Noël Coward, as well as variety and radio.
 Her career spanned at least five decades.
Arthur Cecil Blunt (1 June 1843 – 16 April 1896), better known as Arthur Cecil, was an English actor, comedian, playwright and theatre manager.
 He is probably best remembered for playing the role of Box in the long-running production of "Cox and Box", by Arthur Sullivan and F. C. Burnand, at the Royal Gallery of Illustration.
Matty Selman is a playwright, lyricist and composer who makes his home in New York City.
 He first came into the national spotlight when he was hand-selected by Harvard's Robert Brustein to write the lyrics to an adaptation of Lysistrata with music by HAIR composer, Galt MacDermot.
 The resulting work starred Tony Award winner Cherry Jones and was presented by the American Repertory Theatre at Harvard and the Prince Theatre in Philadelphia.
 Both having lived on Staten Island, Selman and MacDermot continued their collaboration and wrote Goddess Wheel a further exploration of the Lysistrata tale, and The Tinderbox, based on the fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen and set in war-torn Iraq.
 Prior to working with Galt MacDermot, Matty had collaborated with Agnes of God playwright, John Pielmeier on three musicals, Steeplechase the Funny Place, Young Rube, and Slow Dance with a Hot Pickup.
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Baron Lloyd-Webber (born 22 March 1948) is an English composer and impresario of musical theatre.
 Several of his musicals have run for more than a decade both in the West End and on Broadway.
 He has composed 13 musicals, a song cycle, a set of variations, two film scores, and a Latin Requiem Mass.
 Several of his songs have been widely recorded and were hits outside of their parent musicals, notably "The Music of the Night" from "The Phantom of the Opera", "I Don't Know How to Love Him" from "Jesus Christ Superstar", "Don't Cry for Me, Argentina" and "You Must Love Me" from "Evita", "Any Dream Will Do" from "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" and "Memory" from "Cats".
 In 2001 the "New York Times" referred to him as "the most commercially successful composer in history".
 Ranked the "fifth most powerful person in British culture" by "The Telegraph" in 2008, the lyricist Don Black stated "Andrew more or less single-handedly reinvented the musical."
Reynolds Secondary School is a public secondary school in the Greater Victoria suburb of Saanich, British Columbia, Canada.
 It has specialized programs including: Flexible Studies, French immersion, Band, and Centre for Soccer Excellence.
 Along with these, Reynolds also offers many career planning programs such as CP Theatre, CP Art, CP Recreation, CP Tourism, CP Journalism and co-op.
 Reynolds Marching Band is one of the best in the city.
 Reynolds also boasts the world's first "Chamber of Understanding."
 Reynolds also has an excellent theatre program that has performed musicals such as: The Music Man (2011), Bye Bye Birdie (2012), How to Succeed in Business without Really Trying (2013), Curtains (2014), Seussical (2015), Grease 2016, Guys and Dolls 2017, and Spamalot 2018.
Hilda Kibet (born March 27, 1981 in Keiyo District) is a Dutch runner of Kenyan birth.
 She is the sister of Sylvia Kibet and the niece of Lornah Kiplagat.
 She obtained Dutch nationality in October 2007.
An Sylvia, D. 891; Op. 106, No. 4, is a Lied composed by Romantic era composer Franz Schubert in 1826 and published in 1828.
 The text of the lied is a German translation of the poem, "Who is Sylvia", from Act 4, Scene 2 of the play, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona", by William Shakespeare.
 The text was translated into German from English by Eduard von Bauernfeld, and the song is scored for voice and piano.
 "An Sylvia" was composed during a peak point in Schubert's career around the time he was writing the Ninth Symphony "Great" (D 944) just two years before his death.
