Angels & Demons is a mystery-thriller novel by Dan Brown released in 2000.
Inferno is a 2016 American mystery thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by David Koepp, based on the 2013 novel of the same name by Dan Brown.
 The film is the sequel to "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels & Demons", and is the third installment in the "Robert Langdon" film series.
 It stars Tom Hanks, reprising his role as Robert Langdon, alongside Felicity Jones, Omar Sy, Sidse Babett Knudsen, Ben Foster, and Irrfan Khan.
 Together with the previous film, it remains Hanks' only live-action sequel.
The Right Temptation is a 2000 mystery thriller film directed by Lyndon Chubbuck and starring Kiefer Sutherland, Dana Delany and Rebecca De Mornay.
After Alice (also known as Eye of The Killer) is a 2000 mystery thriller directed by Paul Marcus and written by Jeff Miller.
 The film stars Kiefer Sutherland as Detective Mickey Hayden.
The Asti Spumante Code (full title: The Asti Spumante Code: A Parody) is a 2005 parody novel written by Toby Clements as a parody of "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown.
 It is noteworthy for being among the first works of fiction to parody the Dan Brown novel (the first notable parody was "The Va Dinci Cod" by Adam Roberts).
Angels & Demons is a 2009 American mystery thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by Akiva Goldsman and David Koepp, based on Dan Brown's novel of the same name.
 It is the sequel to the 2006 film "The Da Vinci Code", also directed by Howard, and the second installment in the "Robert Langdon" film series.
 The novel was published first and "The Da Vinci Code" novel followed it.
 Filming took place in Rome, Italy, and the Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City, California.
 Tom Hanks reprises his role as Professor Robert Langdon.
 Producer Brian Grazer, composer Hans Zimmer and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman also return, with David Koepp coming on board to help the latter.
Michael Cordy is a British novelist.
 He was born in Accra, the capital of Ghana.
 Cordy spent much of his childhood in both West Africa and East Africa, India and Cyprus.
 He was educated in the United Kingdom at The King's School, Canterbury, and the universities of Leicester and Durham.
 After ten years in marketing and advertising, with his wife's encouragement, he became a novelist.
 His first novel, "The Miracle Strain", took two years to complete and was published in 1997.
 Disney bought the film rights for $1.6 million and the novel reached no. 5 in "The Sunday Times" Bestseller list.
 An international success, it has since been published in more than twenty-five languages and over forty countries.
 Dan Brown published "The Da Vinci Code" in 2003, and its success may have influenced the renaming of Cordy's first three novels.
 In spite of publishing six years earlier, he has been criticised of imitating Dan Brown.
Delia Buckley Gallagher (born 11 March 1970) is an American journalist based in Rome who currently serves as the Senior Editor for "Inside the Vatican" magazine.
 She formerly served as CNN’s Faith and Values Correspondent.
 Based in New York, Gallagher was a long time CNN Vatican Analyst, Vaticanologist, and religious journalist.
 Prior to joining CNN full time, she lived in Rome for 7 years.
 In Rome, she wrote a weekly column for Zenit News Agency and was a contributing editor for the magazine.
 The History Channel Documentary, "Angels and Demons Decoded" released by A & E Television Networks profiled Gallagher commenting on Dan Brown's bestseller book which was made into a movie.
 Subsequently, Gallagher moderated the Angels and Demons movie press conference film debut in Rome on stage with Tom Hanks, Ron Howard and Dan Brown often speaking in Italian and English.
 She knows Pope Benedict XVI personally and travelled extensively with John Paul II, including his last trip to Poland.
 Upon the death of Pope John Paul II, she broadcast and commented for CNN Worldwide covering the unfolding event.
Angels & Demons is a 2000 bestselling mystery-thriller novel written by American author Dan Brown and published by Pocket Books and then by Corgi Books.
 The novel introduces the character Robert Langdon, who recurs as the protagonist of Brown's subsequent novels.
 "Angels & Demons" shares many stylistic literary elements with its sequel, such as conspiracies of secret societies, a single-day time frame, and the Catholic Church.
 Ancient history, architecture, and symbology are also heavily referenced throughout the book.
 A film adaptation was released on May 15, 2009. "
The Da Vinci Code" film had been released in 2006.
Mitchell Quilleon Brown, known by his stage name Kid Quill, is an American hip hop recording artist from Shelbyville, Indiana.
 He made his first notable appearance with his debut album "Ear To Ear" charting on the Top 40 iTunes Hip-Hop/Rap charts.
 The name "Kid Quill" originates from his middle name Quilleon with the addition of "Kid" to the beginning.
 In October 2016, Brown released his sophomore album "The Name Above The Title" which charted Top 10 on iTunes Hip-Hop/Rap charts.
 In September 2017, Brown released his third studio album, 94.3 The Reel, that returned to the Top 10 on iTunes Hip-Hop/Rap chart, leading to a headline tour in the Fall of 2017.
