Tommy Hubbard is a Los Angeles based record producer, producer manager and co-founder of The Trust.
 Hubbard’s collective album credits as a producer under The Trust include the Latin Grammy Award winning group The Gipsy Kings, Rock and Roll Hall Of Famer Bootsy Collins, country music singer Billy Ray Cyrus, 11x South African Music Award winner Lira, Company of Thieves front woman Genevieve, and multi-platinum selling french pop singer Maude including co-producing & co-writing Maude's 2014 "Billboard" #3 album #HoldUp and co-writing her debut #1 single “Love Is What You Make Of It", which is the song that launched Maude into a household name across Europe in 2013.
 Additionally, under The Trust, Hubbard manages two-time Grammy nominee Jayme David Silverstein who’s production credits include Miguel, Kaskade, Eva Simons, Richard Orlinski and Morgan Page.
 Hubbard has produced songs for national and international TV shows and movies such as "American Idol", "The Voice", "Chelsea Lately", "Good Morning America", ABC's "Stitchers" and Disney's "Bad Hair Day".
 In addition to Tommy’s recording work, he is a live music producer of festivals, one-off concerts and tours that have featured notable acts such has Wiz Khalifa, Alesso, Buddy Guy, Eric Burdon (of The Animals), Marky Ramone (of The Ramones), Nelly, Tyga, Natasha Beddingfield, Snoop Dogg and Kenny Wayne Shepherd.
 Hubbard was the first-place winner of the 03 Riffathon, an international guitar competition judged by Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin and Brian May of Queen.
 The Riffathon finals took place at the University of Surrey in Guildford, England which is widely reported as the venue where Robert Plant, Jimmy Page, John Paul Jones and John Bonham performed their first gig together under the name "Led Zeppelin" in October 1968.
After the breakup of Led Zeppelin in 1980 (following the death of John Bonham), Robert Plant pursued a successful solo career comprising eleven studio albums, two compilation albums, three video albums, four collaborative albums and 42 singles.
 He began his solo career with "Pictures at Eleven" in 1982, followed by 1983's "The Principle of Moments".
 Popular tracks from this period include "Big Log" (a Top 20 hit in 1983), "In the Mood" (1984), "Little by Little" (from 1985's "Shaken 'n' Stirred"), "Tall Cool One" (a #25 hit off 1988's "Now and Zen"), "Manic Nirvana"'s "Hurting Kind (I've Got My Eyes on You)" (1990), and "I Believe" (from 1993's "Fate of Nations"), another song written for and dedicated to his late son, Karac.
 In 1984, Plant formed a short-lived all-star group with Jimmy Page and Jeff Beck called the Honeydrippers, who had a #3 hit with a remake of the Phil Phillips' tune, "Sea of Love" and a follow-up hit with a cover of Roy Brown's "Rockin' at Midnight."
 Although Plant avoided performing Led Zeppelin songs through much of this period, his tours in 1983 (with drummer Phil Collins) and 1985 were very successful, often performing to sold-out arena-sized venues.
The discography of the English rock band Led Zeppelin consists of nine studio albums, four live albums, nine compilation albums, 16 singles and eight music downloads. Formed in London in 1968, the group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page, singer Robert Plant, bass player John Paul Jones, and drummer John Bonham.
 The band pioneered the concept of album-oriented rock and often refused to release popular songs as singles.
 Nevertheless, four of their ten songs that reached the Hot 100 had no mention of the title in the lyrics: "Immigrant Song", "Black Dog", "Over the Hills and Far Away", "D'yer Mak'er".
 Their debut album, "Led Zeppelin" (1969), released by Atlantic Records, charted at number six on the UK Albums Chart and at number ten on the United States "Billboard" 200.
 It received several sales certifications, including an 8 times multi-platinum from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and Diamond from the Music Canada.
 Led Zeppelin's second studio album, "Led Zeppelin II", recorded when the band were on tour, was released a few months after the first.
 It reached number one in several countries, including the UK and the US, where it was certified 12 times multi-platinum.
 The album produced Led Zeppelin's most successful single, "Whole Lotta Love", which peaked at several music charts in the top 10. "
Led Zeppelin III" (1970) was a softer, more folk-based effort compared to the hard rock of the band's previous releases.
 It also peaked at number one in the UK and in the US.
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968.
 The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page, singer Robert Plant, bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones, and drummer John Bonham.
 The band's heavy, guitar-driven sound has led them to be cited as one of the progenitors of heavy metal, though their unique style drew from a wide variety of influences, including blues, psychedelia, and folk music.
"Tea for One" is the last track on Led Zeppelin's 1976 album "Presence".
 It begins with mid-tempo interplay between guitarist Jimmy Page and drummer John Bonham before settling into a sotto voce groove.
 The song evolves into a slow blues epic, featuring lyrics which deal with homesickness and loneliness.
 Much of this was felt by Robert Plant, who recalls sitting alone in a New York hotel during a U.S. concert tour drinking "tea for one".
 Other members of the band, notably John Bonham, were also widely reported to suffer from homesickness during Led Zeppelin's concert tours.
Jason John Bonham (born 15 July 1966) is an English drummer.
 Bonham is perhaps best known for being the son of the late Led Zeppelin drummer John Bonham and Patricia "Pat" Bonham (born Phillips).
 After his father's death in September 1980, he played with Led Zeppelin on different occasions, including the Ahmet Ertegun Tribute Concert at The O2 Arena in London in 2007.
Deborah Bonham (born 7 February 1962) is an English rock and blues vocalist and the sister of John Bonham, the late drummer for the band Led Zeppelin.
 Born in Redditch, Worcestershire, England, she lived with her father in The Old Hyde farm, Cutnall Green, Worcestershire (the location where John Bonham's fantasy sequence was filmed for "The Song Remains the Same").
 While living there, she started playing and recording music with her nephew Jason Bonham who has played drums on her two most recent studio releases.
Led Zepagain (stylized Led ZepAgain) is an American hard rock tribute band formed in Ventura, California in 1988.
 The current band consists of vocalist/harmonica player Swan Montgomery ("Robert Plant"), Guitar/ Mandolin Anthony David ("Jimmy Page"), bassist/keyboardist/mandolinist Jim Wootten ("John Paul Jones") and drummer/percussionist Derek Smith ("John Bonham").
"Don't Hurt Yourself" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé for her sixth studio album, "Lemonade".
 The song was produced by Jack White, Beyoncé and Derek Dixie, and written by White, Beyoncé, and Diana Gordon.
 It contains samples of "When the Levee Breaks" written by Jimmy Page, Robert Plant, John Paul Jones and John Bonham, and performed by Led Zeppelin.
 Some critics compared the song to Beyoncé's "Ring the Alarm" (2006).
 The song received a nomination for the 59th Annual Grammy Awards in the category Best Rock Performance. "
Billboard" ranked "Don't Hurt Yourself" at number 61 on their ""Billboard"' s 100 Best Pop Songs of 2016" list.
Zepparella is an all-female American hard rock tribute band founded and formed in 2005 in San Francisco, California by the band's drummer: Clementine.
 The current band consists of vocalist/ Noelle Doughty ("Robert Plant"), Guitar/ Gretchen Menn ("Jimmy Page"), bassist/ Angeline Saris ("John Paul Jones") and drummer/ Clementine ("John Bonham").
