Michelle Fields (born c. 1988) is an American political journalist who formerly wrote for "The Huffington Post" and was a reporter for Breitbart News, as well as a Fox News contributor.
 After graduating from college Fields was hired as a reporter at "The Daily Caller".
 She later became a correspondent for PJ Media.
 Fields is a former panelist on the Fox News program "Cashin' In".
 In 2016, Fields gained notability when she accused Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski of grabbing her arm at a press conference.
 At the time, Fields was a reporter for Breitbart; she resigned her position there in March 2016 due to the organization's handling of the Lewandowski incident.
Terry Keenan (June 1, 1961 – October 23, 2014) was an American economic/business columnist for the New York Post, and a former anchor for the Cable News Network (CNN).
 Keenan was host of the Fox Business Network's stocks/investment news program "Cashin' In" from 2002 to 2009, and a senior business correspondent for the Fox News Channel and the Fox Business Network.
 In September 2009 she became a Fox News contributor, in addition to being an economic/business columnist for the "New York Post", which is owned by NewsCorp the parent company of Fox.
Mercedes "Mercy" Schlapp (née Viana) is an American political commentator and columnist.
 Schlapp is a Fox News contributor and a columnist for several publications including "U.S. News & World Report" and "The Washington Times".
 Schlapp was the cofounder of Cove Strategies, a government and public affairs firm based in Alexandria, Virginia and the former Director of Specialty Media for President George W. Bush.
Breitbart News Network (known commonly as Breitbart News, Breitbart or Breitbart.com) is a far-right American news, opinion and commentary website founded in 2007 by conservative commentator Andrew Breitbart.
 The site has published a number of falsehoods and conspiracy theories, as well as intentionally misleading stories.
Alexander Mason Marlow (born January 24, 1986) is an American journalist and content creator who currently serves as editor-in-chief of the Breitbart News Network.
 Marlow began his career as Andrew Breitbart's editorial assistant, a position which he held for four years.
 In 2008, he was hired as the inaugural managing editor of Breitbart News, becoming the first employee of the website.
 Marlow hosts Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM.
 He was named to the "Forbes" 30 under 30 list for 2015.
Charles Hurt is an American journalist and political commentator.
 He is currently the opinion editor of "The Washington Times", Fox News contributor, Breitbart News contributor, and a Drudge Report editor.
 He often appears as a guest on Newsmax TV.
 Previously, he was "The New York Post"'s D.C. Bureau Chief covering Washington politics.
The Daily Caller is a politically conservative American news and opinion website based in Washington, D.C. It was founded by Tucker Carlson, a conservative political pundit, and Neil Patel, former adviser to former Vice President Dick Cheney.
 The site's coverage includes politics, business, world news, entertainment, sports, education, technology, outdoors, and energy.
The Drudge Report is a politically conservative American news aggregation website.
 Run by Matt Drudge with the help of Charles Hurt, the site consists mainly of links to news stories from other outlets about politics, entertainment, and current events; it also has links to many columnists.
 Occasionally, Drudge authors new stories himself, based on tips.
WND (WorldNetDaily) is a politically conservative American news and opinion website and online news aggregator.
 WND has drawn controversy for its promotion of conspiracy theories, including ones about Barack Obama's citizenship, and is considered to be a far right fringe website.
Monica Crowley (born September 19, 1968) is an American political commentator and lobbyist.
 She is a Fox News contributor, where she has worked (with a few breaks) from 1996 to 2017.
 She is a former online opinion editor for "The Washington Times" and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
 In December 2016, the Donald Trump administration announced that Crowley would be appointed a deputy national security advisor for the National Security Council.
 However, she withdrew a month later following reports that she had plagiarized portions of her 2012 volume "What the (Bleep) Just Happened?
."
