Per Kjeld Sørensen (born 18 December 1950) is a prominent Danish Tibetologist who specialises in Tibetan and Himalayan history, literature and culture.
 Since 1994 he has been Professor of Central Asian Studies (Zentralasienwissenschaften, Tibetology and Mongol Studies) at Leipzig University, Germany.
Satish Ganjoo Born 1956 is a writer and historian, worked extensively on Islamic Studies, Central Asian Studies, Foreign Affairs, Afghan Affairs, History and Culture of Kashmir.
 He is an ex-Fellow, Centre of Central Asian Studies, University of Kashmir, is now working as Professor and Head at the Post Graduate Dept. of History, Ramgarhia P G College (GNDU), Phagwara (Pb), with the Additional Charges of BURSAR and the Dept. of Computer Science & Information Technology.
Nicholas Sims-Williams (born 11 April 1949, Chatham, Kent) is a professor of the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), University of London, where he is the Research Professor of Iranian and Central Asian Studies at the Department of the Languages and Cultures of Near and Middle East.
 Sims-Williams is a scholar who specializes in Central Asian history, particularly the study of Sogdian and Bactrian languages.
 He is also a member of the advisory council of the Iranian Studies Journal.
Kashinath Pandit, also known as K. N. Pandit, born in 1929 in Baramulla, is an Indian historian.
 He studied and worked at Punjab University and Teheran University, taught at the University of Kashmir and was the former professor and director at the Center of Central Asian Studies at the University of Kashmir.
 He earned UGC Emeritus Fellowship in Central Asian Studies 1978-88, and was awarded by the President and Vice President of India in 1985 and 1987 (respectively) for his academic attainments.
Denis Sinor (born Dénes Zsinór, April 17, 1916 in Kolozsvár (Austria-Hungary, now Cluj-Napoca, Romania) – January 12, 2011 in Bloomington, Indiana) was a Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Central Asian Studies at the Department of Central Eurasian Studies at Indiana University and a tenured lecturer at Cambridge University between 1948 and 1962, and was one of the world's leading scholars for the history of Central Asia.
 Under his directorship, the Central Asian Studies at Indiana University became one of the world's foremost centers for Central Asian history, languages and linguistics.
 He grew up in Hungary and Switzerland and went to university in Budapest.
 During the Second World War, he was a member of the French resistance, served in the French army, and became a French citizen.
 Sinor wrote eight books and edited an additional thirteen.
 He authored more than 160 articles in several languages such as English, German, French, Hungarian, Russian and many other, more than 150 book reviews, and also contributed to "Encyclopædia Britannica".
 Sinor also served as editor of the Journal of Asian History starting with the publication's inception in 1967.
William Norman Brown (June 24, 1892 – April 22, 1975) was a distinguished Indologist and Sanskritist who established the first academic department of South Asian Studies in North America and organized the American Oriental Society in 1926.
 He was the Professor of Sanskrit at the University of Pennsylvania for most of his academic career.
 He was president of the Association for Asian Studies in 1960.
 He is considered the founder of the field of South Asian Studies, which he pioneered in his career over four decades at the University of Pennsylvania, where he helped to found the Department of Oriental Studies (1931), and later single-handedly founded the Department of South Asia Regional Studies (1948).
 These departments are now survived by the departments of East Asian Languages and Civilizations, Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations, and South Asia Studies.
 W. Norman Brown also founded the American Institute of Indian Studies, which was located in the Van Pelt Library at the University of Pennsylvania.
Iraj Bashiri (born July 31, 1940) is Professor of History at the University of Minnesota, United States and one of the leading scholars in the fields of Central Asian Studies and Iranian Studies.
 Fluent in English, Persian, Tajik and several Turkic languages, Bashiri has been able to study and translate works otherwise inaccessible to the mostly Russian-speaking Central Asian studies community.
 Bashiri career focus started on Iran, and engaged also with Central Asia, notably the Tajik identity and the relations between Tajiks and the Turkic people of Central Asia, namely the Uzbeks.
Central Asian Review was a journal of Central Asian Studies published from 1953 to 1968.
 The journal’s full title was Central Asian Review: A Quarterly Review of Current Developments in Soviet Central Asia and Kazakhstan and was published quarterly by the Central Asian Research Centre in association with St. Antony's College, Oxford University.
 Founder and director of the center, Geoffrey Wheeler was the editor-in-chief and frequent contributor to the journal.
Central Asian studies is the discipline of studying the culture, history, and languages of Central Asia.
 The roots of Central Asian studies as a social science discipline goes to 19th century Anglo-Russian Great Game.
 During the 19th century, Central Asia became a subject of systematical information collection and organization thanks to the numerous travels made by British and Russian agents, soldiers, scholars into the region.
 The British Royal Geographical Society and Russian Geographical Society published dozens even hundreds of travel books on the region.
Victor B. Lieberman (born 22 July 1945) is an historian of early modern Southeast Asia and Eurasia.
 He presently serves as the Raoul Wallenberg Distinguished University Professor of History and Professor of Asian and Comparative History at the University of Michigan, where he began teaching in 1984.
 That year he published a seminal work, "Burmese Administrative Cycles: Anarchy and Conquest, c.1580-1760" (Princeton University Press), which profoundly impacted scholarship on mainland Southeast Asia through an analysis of alternating governance patterns in 16th- to 18th-century Burma.
 Totaling some 1500 pages, his more recent two-volume study "Strange Parallels: Southeast Asia in Global Context, c. 800-1830" (Cambridge University Press) argued that in terms of basic dynamics, chronology, and trajectory, patterns of political and cultural integration in mainland Southeast Asia over several centuries resembled those in much of Europe and Japan, and to a lesser extent, in China and South Asia.
 A lead featured review in "The American Historical Review" in 2012 (vol.
 117, no. 4) claimed that "Lieberman's two-volume magnum opus is the most important work of history produced so far this century."
 Two international conferences, in London and Osaka, have been held to discuss Lieberman's scholarship, and each of the two chief journals of Asian studies, "Modern Asian Studies" (1997) and "The Journal of Asian Studies" (2011), has devoted a special edition to his work.
 In 2014 he won the Golden Apple Award, conferred by student ballot, as the best teacher at the University of Michigan.
