Jang Hyun-seung (; born September 3, 1989) most often credited as Hyunseung, is a South Korean singer.
 He is best known as a former member of the boy group Beast, under the label Cube Entertainment.
 With Beast, he has released singles and albums in both Korean and Japanese.
 Beast won the Artist of the Year (Daesang) award at the Melon Music Awards in 2011.
Return of the Boogie Men is the thirteenth studio album by British hard rock band Foghat, released in 1994.
 This album reunited the original members of the band, Dave Peverett, Roger Earl, Rod Price and Tony Stevens.
 Price had left the group after the completion of 1980's "Tight Shoes" release; Stevens had departed following the recording of "Rock and Roll Outlaws" in 1974.
 Beginning in June, 1994, Foghat toured through the end of that year to promote "Return of the Boogie Men."
Highlight (Korean: 하이라이트 ) is a South Korean boy band formerly known as Beast (Korean: 비스트).
 The band consists of five members: Yoon Doo-joon, Yong Jun-hyung, Yang Yo-seob, Lee Gi-kwang, and Son Dong-woon.
 Original member Jang Hyun-seung officially left the group in April 2016.
 Later that year, the five remaining members moved labels from Cube Entertainment to Around Us Entertainment and subsequently changed their name to Highlight in 2017.
Trouble Maker () is a duo formed by Cube Entertainment in 2011, composed of Kim HyunA and Jang Hyun-seung.
Jang Kyung-Jin (Korean: 장경진 ; born 31 August 1983) is a South Korean football defender who last played for Hong Kong First Division League side Kitchee.
 His previous clubs were Ulsan Hyundai Mipo, Chunnam Dragons, Gwangju Sangmu Phoenix, Incheon United, Gwangju FC and Oita Trinita in Japan.
Rivers Jobe (1950 – 1979) was a British bass player known for being a member of Anon, one of the two bands which merged to form the progressive rock band Genesis; and for playing on the Savoy Brown album, "Getting to the Point" (1968), as well as on the tracks "Vicksburg Blues", "Train to Nowhere", and "Tolling Bells" on the following "Blue Matter" album.
 Jobe was replaced in Savoy Brown by Tone Stevens (who would later leave Savoy Brown with fellow members Lonesome Dave Peverett and Roger Earl to form Foghat) in November 1968, and did not perform as a musician again.
Zig-Zag Walk is the twelfth studio album by British hard rock band Foghat, released in 1983.
 Unlike the previous year's "In the Mood for Something Rude", which consisted of all outside material, lead singer Dave Peverett wrote five of the album's ten songs, with guitarist Erik Cartwright contributing a sixth.
 A few of the songs are given a rockabilly treatment augmenting the blues rock the band is better known for.
 It would be the band's last album for over a decade until their comeback album, "Return of the Boogie Men", in 1994.
Shafi Muhammad Burfat also known as Shafi Burfat (Sindhi: شفيع محمد برفت); born November 25, 1965, is the founder and current chairman of Jeay Sindh Muttahida Mahaz; a separatist and liberal political party in Sindh, Pakistan that believes in the freedom of Sindhudesh from Pakistan.
 Burfat is a fugitive in hiding from the last 24 years.
 Media has reported that Shafi Muhammd Burfat already fled to Afghanistan where he established his control center in Kabul But some photographs and a column in The daily Jang newspaper has reported Shafi Burfat's presence in an event on Human Rights in UN headquarters at Geneva.
 On 1 April 2013 home ministry of Pakistan declared JSMM as a terrorist organization and imposed ban.
 The Crime Investigation Department (CID) of Sindh police and Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) has added Shafi Muhammad Burfat to its Red Book for his alleged separatists actions against Pakistan.
Family Joules is the fourteenth studio album by Foghat, released in 2003.
 It is the first album by the band without founding member, guitarist and singer Dave Peverett and their first album to feature singer/guitarist Charlie Huhn and guitarist Bryan Bassett.
Roger Earl (born 16 May 1946) is an English drummer best known as a member of the rock band Foghat.
 A founding member, along with guitarist and vocalist "Lonesome" Dave Peverett, guitarist Rod Price, and bassist Tony Stevens.
 Earl is the only band member to have performed with the band throughout all of its various incarnations.
