Tank on the Moon is a French 2007 documentary film about the development, launch, and operation of the Soviet Moon exploration rovers, "Lunokhod 1" and "Lunokhod 2" in the period from 1970 to 1973.
 The film uses historical footage from American, Russian and French archives featuring Leonid Brezhnev, Yuri Gagarin, Lyndon Johnson, John F. Kennedy, Nikita Khrushchev, Sergei Korolev, Alexei Kosygin, Alexei Leonov, Sam Rayburn and many other contemporary figures.
 A special emphasis is placed on the Lunokhods' chief designer, Alexander Kemurdjian.
212 was a kind of soviet cruise missile developed in 1936 by Sergei Korolev.
 It was tested twice before being cancelled in 1939.
The Akademik Sergey Korolev (Russian: Академик Сергей Королев ) was a space control-monitoring ship or Vigilship (Veladora) constructed in 1970 to support the Soviet space program.
 Named after Sergei Korolev, the head Soviet rocket engineer and designer during the Space Race between the United States and the Soviet Union in the 1950s and 1960s, the ship also conducted upper atmosphere and outer space research.
Sergei Korolev initially promoted the Soyuz A-B-V circumlunar complex ("7K-9K-11K") concept (also known as L1) in which a two-man craft Soyuz 7K would rendezvous with other components (9K and 11K) in Earth orbit to assemble a lunar excursion vehicle, the components being delivered by the proven R-7 rocket.
The EKR ("Eksperimentalnaya Krylataya Raketa", or "experimental winged rocket") was a Soviet intermediate range cruise missile designed by the Korolev design bureau based on B. Chertok's elaboration of the German R-15 cruise missile design.
1855 Korolev, provisional designation 1969 TU, is a stony Flora asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 7 kilometers in diameter.
 Discovered in 1969, it was later named after Soviet rocket engineer Sergei Korolev.
The Sputnik rocket was an unmanned orbital carrier rocket designed by Sergei Korolev in the Soviet Union, derived from the R-7 Semyorka ICBM.
 On 4 October 1957, it was used to perform the world's first satellite launch, placing "Sputnik 1" into a low Earth orbit.
OAO S. P. Korolev Rocket and Space Corporation Energia (Russian: Ракетно-космическая корпорация «Энергия» им.
 С.
 П.
 Королёва , "Raketno-kosmicheskaya korporatsiya “Energiya” im.
 S. P. Koroleva " ), also known as RSC Energia (РКК «Энергия» , RKK “Energiya”), is a Russian manufacturer of ballistic missile, spacecraft and space station components.
 The company is the prime developer and contractor of the Russian manned spaceflight program; it also owns a majority of Sea Launch.
 Its name is derived from Sergei Korolev, the first chief of its design bureau, and the Russian word for energy.
Leonid Alexandrovich Voskresenskiy (Russian: Леонид Александрович Воскресенский, June 14, 1913 – December 14, 1965) was a Soviet rocket engineer and long-time associate of famed Chief Designer Sergei Korolev.
 He served as launch director for Sputnik and for the first manned space flight, Vostok 1.
 The lunar crater Voskresenskiy is named in his honor.
Karel Jan Bossart (February 9, 1904 – August 3, 1975) was a pioneering rocket designer and creator of the Atlas ICBM.
 His achievements rank alongside those of Wernher von Braun and Sergei Korolev but as most of his work was for the United States Air Force and therefore was classified he remains relatively little known.
