In the U.S. state of Colorado, U.S. Route 50 is a major highway crossing through the lower midsection of the state.
 It connects the Western Slope with the lower Front Range and the Arkansas Valley.
 The highway serves the areas of Pueblo and Grand Junction as well as many other smaller areas along its corridor.
 The long term project to upgrade the highway from two lanes to a four lane expressway between Grand Junction and Montrose was completed in January 2005.
 Only about 25% of the remainder of highway 50 in Colorado is four lane expressway.
Today, as it has since the US-40 roadbed was flipped northerly to miss the road through West Brownsville, the hamlet sits in the apex of a westward pointing triangle formed by the intersection of the newer early 1960s four lane Highway improvement of U.S. Route 40 and the consequent by-pass of that stretch of old historic National Highway.
 Thus both US-40 bridges across the Monongahela River, the Lane Bane Bridge and the Brownsville-West Brownsville Bridge connect their respective (Old/New) US-40 routes, merging just to the west side of the Malden commercial strip.
 Old US 40 turns left, travels past the lower Brownsville business district and several congestion causing traffic lights before turning right to cross the older Brownsville Bridge, zig through the southern part of West Brownsville and climb to Malden's east side.
Amuwa Paschim is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.
 It is one of the richest VDC in rupandehi district.
 A new four lane highway has been under construction between belbas to bethari via amuwa.
 connecting to Lumbini this highway will be one of the rupandehi's and nepal's standard highway.
 At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6870 people living in 1127 individual households.
King's Highway 410, also known as Highway 410 and colloquially as the four-ten, is a 400-series highway in the Canadian province of Ontario that connects Highways 401 and 403 to Brampton.
 North of Brampton, the freeway connects to Highway 10, which continues north through Caledon as a four lane arterial road.
 The route is patrolled by the Ontario Provincial Police and has a speed limit of 100 km/h .
D.565 is a 407 km long north-south state road running south from İğneada on the Black Sea to Izmir.
 The route is broken into two parts by the Sea of Marmara: a 128 km long section in East Thrace from İğneada to Tekirdağ and a 279 km section in Anatolia from Bandırma to Izmir.
 The gap is connected by a car ferry operating between the two port cities.
 The route is mostly a four lane highway except for the first 61 km section at its northern end.
Route M is a short arterial highway in Jefferson County, Missouri.
 It is a major east–west route which connects Route 21 to Interstate 55.
 For the majority of its length, Route M is a four lane divided highway with limited access.
 At its junction with Interstate 55, Route M becomes an undivided two lane road until its eastern terminus at U.S. 61/67.
 Route M was rerouted to its present location in the late 1990s after traffic became too great for the original road to handle.
 The original route is now known as Old Route M.
State Route 215 (SR 215) is an unsigned, east–west, state highway entirely within the city limits of South Fulton, Tennessee, although the direction is more northwest to southeast as it curves around the southwest part of the city.
 It is better known as US 45E and is briefly US 51 near the Kentucky state line.
 The route serves as a bypass for South Fulton.
 The northwestern portion is a four-lane divided highway and the southeastern portion is a four lane undivided highway with a center left turn lane.
U.S. Route 53, or U.S. Highway 53 (U.S. 53), is a north–south U.S. highway that runs for 403 miles (649 km) from La Crosse, Wisconsin to International Falls, Minnesota.
 It is the primary north–south route in northwestern Wisconsin, serving as a vital link between I-94 at Eau Claire, Wisconsin and the city of Duluth, Minnesota.
 The entire route from Eau Claire to the city limits of Superior, Wisconsin is a four lane divided highway.
 The highway's northern terminus is at the Fort Frances-International Falls Bridge in International Falls, Minnesota, at the Canada–US border.
 Its southern terminus is in La Crosse, Wisconsin, at U.S. Highway 14.
North Carolina Highway 55 (NC 55) is a 192 mi North Carolina state highway that serves as a traffic artery connecting Durham with Cary and numerous small cities and towns in The Triangle on its way toward the Pamlico Sound.
 A portion of NC 55 extends through Research Triangle Park.
 NC 55 is a major artery in the central part of The Triangle region, and is a four lane, divided highway between Durham and Cary and Apex.
 NC 55 is also a divided highway between Apex and Fuquay-Varina.
Glover Road is a primary road in Langley, British Columbia which runs North-South from the Fraser River in Fort Langley to the Fraser Highway travelling over British Columbia Highway 1 and through the community of Milner, British Columbia.
 The road is 11 km (7 mi) in length and mostly two lanes wide with some divided four lane sections.
 It is notable as the primary road in and to the village of Fort Langley and as being concurrent for some of its length with British Columbia Highway 10 (from Springbrook Road to the Langley Bypass).
 The Glover Road Underpass is a six-span, two-lane structure permitting access across Trans-Canada Highway.
 The underpass received an overheight-warning system, the second in the province, following damage from three collisions in three years.
