Wincenty Konstanty Kalinowski, also known as Kastuś Kalinoŭski (Belarusian: Касту́сь Каліно́ўскі ), Konstanty Kalinowski (Polish) and Konstantinas Kalinauskas (Lithuanian) (21 January or 2 February 1838 – 22 March 1864), was a 19th-century writer, journalist, lawyer and revolutionary.
 He was one of the leaders of Belarusian, Polish and Lithuanian national revival and the leader of the January Uprising in lands of the former Grand Duchy of Lithuania in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Bucca is a fairy in Cornish folklore that was believed to be a spirit that inhabited mines and coastal communities as a hobgoblin during storms.
 The mythogological creature is linked to the Púca from Irish and Welsh folklore.
 Rev W. S. Lach-Szyrma, one 19th-century writer on Cornish antiquities, suggested the Bucca had originally been an ancient pagan deity of the sea, though his claims are mainly conjecture.
Tresillian (Cornish: Tresulyan ) is a small village in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
 It is three miles (5 km) east of Truro on the A390 road.
 Tresillian means "a place of eels" in the Cornish language, according to a 19th-century writer.
 However, modern toponymists agree that the name in fact translates as "farm/settlement of a man called Sulyen" (a Celtic personal name from British: sulo-genos, "sun-born").
Isabella Varley Banks (25 March 1821 – 4 May 1897), also known as Mrs G. Linnaeus Banks or Isabella Varley, was a 19th-century writer of English poetry and novels, born in Manchester, England.
 She is most widely remembered today for her book "The Manchester Man", published in 1876.
Dame Mary Barbara Hamilton Cartland DBE CStJ (9 July 1901 – 21 May 2000) was an English author of romance novels, one of the best-selling authors as well as one of the most prolific and commercially successful worldwide of the twentieth century.
 Her 723 novels were translated into 38 languages and she continues to be referenced in the "Guinness World Records" for the most novels published in a single year in 1976.
 As Barbara Cartland she is known for her numerous romantic novels but she also wrote under her married name of Barbara McCorquodale and briefly under the pseudonym of Marcus Belfry.
 She wrote more than 700 books, as well as plays, music, verse, drama, magazine articles and operetta, and was a prominent philanthropist.
 She reportedly sold more than 750 million copies.
 Other sources estimate her book sales at more than two billion copies.
 She specialised in 19th-century Victorian era pure romance.
 Her novels all featured portrait-style artwork, particularly the cover art, usually designed by Frances Marshall.
Cranford is one of the better-known novels of the 19th-century English writer Elizabeth Gaskell.
 It was first published, irregularly, in eight instalments, between December 1851 and May 1853, in the magazine "Household Words", which was edited by Charles Dickens.
 It was then published, with minor revision, in book form in 1853.
Ovingdean Grange is a Grade II listed manor house situated on the south coast of England in the village of Ovingdean, east of Brighton.
 One of the oldest and most historical residences in Brighton, it gave its name to the novel "Ovingdean Grange" by the popular 19th-century writer William Harrison Ainsworth.
Anthony Bedford Steel (24 February 1900 – 3 October 1973) was a British historian, specialising on medieval England.
 He was a fellow of Christ's College Cambridge, and principal of Cardiff University from 1949–66.
 Among his publications were a monograph on the reign of Richard II, as well as a biography of 19th-century writer Robert Smith Surtees, titled "Jorrick's England".
 He also translated Albert Sorel's "L'Europe et la Revolution Francaise" into English (as "Europe and the French Revolution").
The dime novel is a form of late 19th-century and early 20th-century U.S. popular fiction issued in series of inexpensive paperbound editions.
 The term "dime novel" has been used as a catchall term for several different but related forms, referring to dime novels, story papers, five- and ten-cent weeklies, "thick book" reprints, and sometimes early pulp magazines.
 The term was used as a title as late as 1940, in the short-lived pulp magazine "Western Dime Novels".
 Dime novels are the antecedent of today's mass-market paperbacks, comic books, television shows and movies based on dime-novel genres.
 In the modern age, the term "dime novel" has been used to refer to quickly written, lurid potboilers, usually as a pejorative to describe a sensationalized but superficial literary work.
Wallander is a British television series adapted from the Swedish novelist Henning Mankell's Kurt Wallander novels and starring Kenneth Branagh as the eponymous police inspector.
 It is the first time the "Wallander" novels have been adapted into an English-language production.
 Yellow Bird, a production company formed by Mankell, began negotiations with British companies to produce the adaptations in 2006.
 In 2007, Branagh met with Mankell to discuss playing the role.
 Contracts were signed and work began on the films, adapted from "Sidetracked", "Firewall" and "One Step Behind", in January 2008.
 Emmy-award-winning director Philip Martin was hired as lead director.
 Martin worked with cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle to establish a visual style for the series.
