Christopher Mitchell (21 May 1947 – 22 February 2001) was a British actor most notable for his role in the BBC sitcom "It Ain't Half Hot Mum" as Gunner Nigel 'Parky' Parkin.
 His film credits include "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" (1967), "This, That and the Other" (1969), "The Sex Thief" (1973) and "What's Up Superdoc!
" (1978).
Roy Holder (born 15 June 1946) is an English television actor who has appeared in various programmes including "Ace of Wands", "Z-Cars", "Spearhead", the "Doctor Who" serial "The Caves of Androzani" and "Sorry!
" His first notable appearance on the screen was in the 1961 film "Whistle Down the Wind", and he then appeared in "The Taming of the Shrew" (1967), "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" (1967), "Romeo and Juliet" (1968), "The Virgin Soldiers" (1969), "Loot" (1970), "Psychomania" (1973), "The Land That Time Forgot" (1975), "Trial by Combat" (1976) and "Jesus of Nazareth" (1977).
 More recently, Roy played the part of Mr Hill in "Pride & Prejudice" (2005), and Gaffer Tom in "Robin Hood" (2010).
"The Wheels on the Bus" is an American folk song dating no later than 1939 written by Verna Hills.
 It is a popular children's song in the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia, and Canada, and is often sung by children on bus trips to keep themselves amused.
 It has a very repetitive rhythm, making the song easy for a large number of people to sing, in a manner similar to the song "99 Bottles of Beer".
 It is based on fellow traditional British song "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush".
 The song is also sometimes sung to the tune of "Buffalo Gals", as in the version done by Raffi.
Clive Stanley Donner (21 January 1926 – 6 September 2010) was a British film director who was a defining part of the British New Wave, directing films such as "The Caretaker", "Nothing But the Best", "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" and "What's New Pussycat?
".
 He also directed television movies and commercials through the mid-1990s.
"Michael Finnegan" (variant spellings include "Michael Finnagen" and "Michael Vinnegan") is an example of an unboundedly long song, which can continue with numerous variations until the singer decides (or is forced) to stop.
 Like most other perpetual songs, this song tends to be sung by schoolchildren.
 It is a popular song often sung around a campfire or during scouting events.
 The origin of the words and music is unknown, but the tune bears similarity to Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush.
 The earliest documented reference is "The Hackney Scout Song Book" (Stacy & Son Ltd, 1921).
 It also appears in "The Oxford song book, vol.2, collected and arranged by Thomas Wood" (Oxford University Press, 1927).
Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush is a 1967 British film made based on the novel of the same name by Hunter Davies.
 It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival, but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.
Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush (disambiguation)
"Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" is a single by Traffic.
 It is the title song to the film "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush", and features all four members of Traffic singing a joint lead, though the bridge and parts of the chorus have Steve Winwood singing unaccompanied.
 The single uses an edited version of the song, with the intro removed.
 When released in late 1967, the single cracked the UK Top 10.
 Footage of the band acting out the song was commissioned by The Beatles for possible inclusion in the film "Magical Mystery Tour" but was not used in the final edit.
 It is now included in the special features of the 2012 DVD/Blu-ray edition of the film.
Traffic were an English rock band, formed in Birmingham.
 The group was formed in April 1967 by Steve Winwood, Jim Capaldi, Chris Wood and Dave Mason.
 They began as a psychedelic rock group and diversified their sound through the use of instruments such as keyboards like the Mellotron and harpsichord, sitar, and various reed instruments, and by incorporating jazz and improvisational techniques in their music.
 Their first three singles were "Paper Sun", "Hole in My Shoe", and "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush".
"Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" (also titled "Mulberry Bush" or "This is the Way") is an English language nursery rhyme and singing game.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7882.
 The same tune is also used for "Lazy Mary, Will You Get Up" and a variant is used for The Wheels on the Bus.
