Royal justices were an innovation in the law reforms of the Angevin kings of England.
 Royal justices were roving officials of the king, sent to seek out notorious robbers and murderers and bring them to justice.
The Grand Prix at the Glen is an IndyCar Series race held at Watkins Glen International in Watkins Glen, New York.
 American open wheel racing at the circuit dates back to 1979.
Joseph Kay QC (27 February 1821 – 9 October 1878) was an English economist and judge on the Northern Circuit.
Clench was the son of John Clench of Wethersfield, Essex and Joan, daughter of John Amias of the same county, and grandson of John Clench of Leeds, Yorkshire.
 He was admitted a student at Lincoln's Inn on 11 February 1556, called to the bar in 1568, appointed recorder of Ipswich in 1573-1574—being the first known to have held office—elected reader at his inn in Lent 1574, took the degree of serjeant-at-law in Michaelmas term 1580, was appointed a baron of the exchequer in the following year (27 November), being assigned to the northern circuit, and on 29 May 1584 was transferred to the court of queen's bench.
An Eyre or Iter was the name of a circuit traveled by an itinerant justice in medieval England (a Justice in Eyre), or the circuit court over which he presided, or the right of the king (or justices acting in his name) to visit and inspect the holdings of any vassal.
 The eyre involved visits and inspections at irregular intervals of the houses of all vassals in the kingdom.
The Ale Houses Act 1551 (5 & 6 Edw.
 6 c. 25), or "An Act for Keepers of Ale-houses to be bound by Recognisances", sometimes the Licensing Act 1551, was an Act of the Parliament of England passed in 1552.
 It was passed to control the "abuses and disorders as are had and used in common ale-houses", and laid the foundation of modern licensing law.
 It provided that the Justices of the Peace were given power within their jurisdiction to stop the common selling of ale and beer in common ale-houses and tippling-houses, where they felt it to be appropriate and convenient.
 No-one was to be permitted to keep an ale-house without being so licensed by the Justices at Quarter Sessions, and the Justices were to take bond and surety of the keepers of common ale-houses and tippling-houses.
 This surety was to prevent the playing of unlawful games as well as for the maintenance of public order.
 Common selling of ale in booths at a fair by any person was permitted, however, "for the relief of the King's subjects that shall repair to the same", notwithstanding the rest of the Act.
The Northern Circuit dates from 1176 when Henry II sent his judges on circuit to do justice in his name.
 The Circuit encompassed the whole of the North of England but in 1876 it was divided.
 That part to the west of the Pennines retained the old name.
 The land to the east became the territory of the newly formed North Eastern Circuit.
 The two circuits have maintained strong links.
The Special Division is a division of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
 28 U.S.C. § 49 (1982 ed., Supp.
 V) (Title VI of the Ethics in Government Act).
 It consists of three circuit court judges or justices appointed by the Chief Justice of the United States.
 One of the judges must be a judge of the DC Circuit, and no two of the judges may be named to the Special Division from a particular court.
 The judges are appointed for 2-year terms, with any vacancy being filled only for the remainder of the 2-year period.
 Its constitutionality was upheld in Morrison v. Olson.
The Sykes Churches Trail is a tour of East Yorkshire churches which were built, rebuilt or restored by the Sykes family of Sledmere House in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
 The tour was devised by the East Yorkshire Historic Churches Group and is divided into a southern circuit and a planned northern circuit.
The Tongariro Northern Circuit, one of the New Zealand Great Walks, is a three- to four-day tramp in Tongariro National Park, New Zealand.
 The hike includes the Tongariro Alpine Crossing, a day's march that incorporates the Northern Circuit's most stunning scenery.
 The complete trail forms a 50 kilometres long loop trail that circumnavigates Mount Ngauruhoe.
 Approximately 7,000 trampers complete the walk each year.
 This compares to the approximately 25,000 who walk only the Tongariro Crossing section.
