Christopher Columbus was an explorer born in Genoa.
Mount Emmons is a mountain summit in the West Elk Mountains range of the Rocky Mountains of North America.
 The 12401 ft peak is located in Gunnison National Forest, 6.7 km west-northwest (bearing 288°) of the Town of Crested Butte in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States.
 The mountain was named in honor of geologist Samuel Franklin Emmons.
Tomichi Dome rises north of Colorado State Highway 50 west of Hot Springs Creek and south of Wanita Hot Springs Reservoir in the southeast quarter of Gunnison County, Colorado.
 It is situated within the Gunnison National Forest and is of a geologic formation called a "laccolith".
 Laccolith formations are caused by igneous activity otherwise known as melting within the earth.
 Other laccoliths of the Gunnison Country are Mount Crested Butte, Gothic Mountain, Whetstone Mountain, Mount Axtel, Anthracite Range, Round Mountain, Carbon Peak, Beckwith Mountain, Marcellina Mountain and Mount Gunnison.
Gunnison is a city in Sanpete County, Utah, United States.
 The population was 3,285 at the 2010 census.
 The city was named in honor of John W. Gunnison, a United States Army officer who surveyed for the transcontinental railroad in 1853.
The City of Gunnison is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Gunnison County, Colorado, United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 5,854.
 It was named in honor of John W. Gunnison, a United States Army officer who surveyed for the transcontinental railroad in 1853.
 Gunnison is a Home Rule municipality which reserves the right to choose how it is governed.
Gérard Moss, MBE (born 16 May 1955) is a Swiss-Brazilian pilot, engineer, public speaker, environmentalist and explorer born in England.
 As a pilot, Gerard is known for being the first person to complete a solo flight in a motor glider around the world.
 Gérard and his wife Margi Moss are naturalized citizens of Brazil and until as late as 2012 were the only South Americans considered Earthrounders.
August Schynse (1857-1891) was a German Catholic missionary and African explorer born at Wallhausen, near Kreuznach, and educated at Bonn.
 He attended the seminary at Speyer, became a priest in 1880, and in 1882 entered the service of the African Missions (Fathers of the "Missions d'Afrique" or White Fathers) and was active in work in French Algeria.
 He was part of an expedition to the Congo in 1885.
 In 1888 he made a trip to East Africa and from there accompanied Stanley and Emin Pasha to the coast.
 With Emin he went to the Victoria Nyanza and then spent almost a year in explorations between that lake and Uganda.
 He wrote: "Zwei Jahre am Kongo" (1889) and "Mit Stanley und Emin Pascha durch Deutsch Ost-Afrika" (1890).
Mount Gunnison is a prominent mountain summit in the West Elk Mountains range of the Rocky Mountains of North America.
 The 12725 ft peak is located in the West Elk Wilderness of Gunnison National Forest, 35.7 km west by south (bearing 260°) of the Town of Crested Butte in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States.
 The mountain is named in honor of John Williams Gunnison who explored the area.
Wilhelm Reiss (13 June 1838 – 29 September 1908) was a German geologist and explorer born in Mannheim.
 Along with Angel Escobar, he was the first person to scale Cotopaxi (1872), and with vulcanologist Alphons Stübel, he was the first to ascend Tungurahua (1873).
The Shavano was a named passenger train operated by the Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad between Salida and Gunnison, Colorado.
 The train, named for nearby Mount Shavano, operated over the railroad's historic narrow gauge route over Marshall Pass.
 The "Shavano" operated as Train #315 westbound (to Gunnison), and #316 eastbound (to Salida).
