Thomas John Brokaw ( ; born February 6, 1940) is an American television journalist and author, best known for being the anchor and managing editor of "NBC Nightly News" for 22 years from 1982 to 2004.
 He is the only person to have hosted all three major NBC News programs: "The Today Show", "NBC Nightly News", and, briefly, "Meet the Press".
 He now serves as a Special Correspondent for NBC News and works on documentaries for other outlets.
The 11th Hour with Brian Williams is a one-hour nightly news and politics television program airing weeknights at 11:00 pm ET on MSNBC, the network's flagship evening newscast.
 It is hosted by Brian Williams, the network's chief anchor and former host of NBC Nightly News.
Jonathan Hill is a Welsh television presenter, journalist and producer, who currently presents "", the nightly news magazine programme on ITV Cymru Wales.
 and occasionally ITV Weekend News
NBC Nightly News (titled as NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt for its weeknight broadcasts since June 22, 2015) is the flagship daily evening television news program for NBC News, the news division of the NBC television network in the United States.
 First aired on August 3, 1970, the program is currently the most watched network newscast in the United States, with an average of 9.3 million viewers, just a few thousand more than its nearest rival, ABC's "World News Tonight".
 "NBC Nightly News" is produced from Studio 3C at NBC Studios at 30 Rockefeller Center in New York City.
The ITV Nightly News was the late evening news programme on British television network ITV, produced by ITN and broadcast Monday to Friday at 11pm.
 The 20-minute bulletin, originally presented by newscaster Dermot Murnaghan, was introduced as part of a major overhaul of news on ITV that saw its 5:40pm "" and prestigious "News at Ten" programmes axed.
CNN Philippines Nightly News or simply Nightly News was the flagship late night newscast of CNN Philippines that aired every weeknights 9:00-9:30 pm and replayed Tuesdays-Saturdays at midnight.
 Undergone several incarnations, it began its airing in July 16, 2012 and was axed on February 12, 2016 to give way to the expansion of "CNN Philippines Newsroom."
Lester Don Holt Jr. (born March 8, 1959) is an American journalist who anchors the weekday edition of "NBC Nightly News".
 He is also the anchor for "Dateline NBC".
 On February 9, 2015, he became the interim weeknight "NBC Nightly News" anchor, filling in for suspended anchor and managing editor Brian Williams.
 On June 18, 2015, he was made the permanent anchor of "NBC Nightly News" after NBC decided to keep Brian Williams as MSNBC breaking news anchor and reporter and fill-in NBC News breaking news anchor and reporter.
John William Chancellor (July 14, 1927 – July 12, 1996) was an American journalist who spent most of his career with NBC News.
 He served as anchor of the "NBC Nightly News" from 1970 to 1982 and continued to do editorials and commentaries for "NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw" until 1993.
Bill Wolff is a staff announcer for WNBC and the NBC network.
 He is best known for announcing the soap opera "Another World" from 1964 until 1987.
 He announced the "NBC Nightly News" in 2015, when Brian Williams was suspended.
 In June 2015, Wolff became permanent announcer for "NBC Nightly News", replacing Michael Douglas.
Tina Monzon-Palma (born Maria Cristina Mapa Monzon on March 29, 1951) is a prominent Filipina anchorwoman.
 As a veteran broadcast journalist, Palma was a reporter who maintained “strength, courage, and dignity” during Martial Law in the Philippines.
 She is one of the first female news anchors on Philippine television.
 Tina began her work as one of the first news anchors of GMA Network when she first anchored News at Seven, and later GMA Headline News before she left in 1992 when Tina moved to the reopened TV5 (six years of post-EDSA revolution) and later ABS-CBN til present.
 She is a program director of "Bantay Bata 163" and "Sagip Kapamilya" public service programs of the ABS-CBN Foundation, Inc. (now ABS-CBN Lingkod Kapamilya Foundation), an organization she joined in 1998 when she left as the chief operating officer of the reopened ABC (now TV5) and she also the lead anchor of the network's late night newscast Big News until 1997 when she was transferring to ABS-CBN Channel 2.
 Associated with cable channel's ANC (the ABS-CBN News Channel), and the Asia News Network, Palma is currently the newscaster for the Philippine nightly news program The World Tonight on ABS-CBN Channel 2 since 1997 replacing Loren Legarda when she is currently the three-term senator and was also simulcast on ANC (then the Sarimanok News Network) but in 1999, it was replaced by due to low ratings and The World Tonight moved to ANC.
 Palma also became the host of "Talkback with Tina Palma", a "weekly issue-oriented interactive talk show" considered as the “first truly Filipino interactive television show”.
 Her "Paksa", a program broadcast by ABS-CBN on AM radio, discusses subjects such as women, labor rights, welfare of children, and the "militant poor".
 She is also the director of the Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility (CMFR), a private non-profit and non-stock company.
 During her early life as a news reporter, Palma was involved with civic organizations such as the Quezon City Red Cross and the Citizens Traffic Action.
