The Solway Investment Group Limited, Solway Group, or Solway Investment Group, The Solway Investment Group, GmbH, is a private international mining and metals group located in Switzerland.
 Main areas of expertise are industrial project development, relaunching production assets, and developing new projects.
 With 100% EU capital and operational offices in Luxembourg, Switzerland and Estonia.
 The Group comprises a number of core investments and operations focused primarily on the metals and mining sector - particularly nickel mining and production.
 Solway also manages its own direct investment fund with main interests in commercial real estate and information technologies.
 The Group conducts operations in Macedonia, Ukraine, Indonesia and Guatemala.
 Solway is an investment firm established in 1992 with assets in mining, iron, steel, IT, and property.
 The firm has assets in Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America, and the Asia Pacific region.
Lord Howe Island ( ; formerly Lord Howe's Island) is an irregularly crescent-shaped volcanic remnant in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand, directly east of mainland Port Macquarie, and about southwest of Norfolk Island.
 It is about long and between wide with an area of , though just of that comprises the low-lying developed part of the island.
 Along the west coast there is a sandy semi-enclosed sheltered coral reef lagoon.
 Most of the population lives in the north, while the south is dominated by forested hills rising to the highest point on the island, Mount Gower (875 m ).
 The Lord Howe Island Group comprises 28 islands, islets and rocks.
 Apart from Lord Howe Island itself the most notable of these is the volcanic and uninhabited Ball's Pyramid about to the southeast of Howe.
 To the North lies a cluster of seven small uninhabited islands called the Admiralty Group.
The Catholic Church in Ireland (Irish: "Eaglais Chaitliceach na hÉireann" ) is part of the worldwide Catholic Church in communion with the Pope.
 With 3.7 million members, it is the most populous Christian denomination in Ireland, comprising 78.3% of the population.
 The Primate of All Ireland is the Archishop of Armagh and the Church ministers to Catholics on an All-Ireland basis; covering both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
 The Irish Catholic Bishops' Conference is a consultative body for ordinaries in Ireland.
The Young People's Socialist League (YPSL), founded in 1989, is the official youth arm of the Socialist Party USA.
 The group comprises party members under the age of 30.
"Official Ireland" (Irish: "Éire Oifigiúil" ) is a term widely used in the Republic of Ireland to denote The Establishment.
 It refers to the most powerful figures in the media, the Catholic Church, and the political parties, who control the national debate.
The Mangsee Islands are a group of two small islands in the far south west portion of the Philippines.
 The group comprises North Mangsee Island and South Mangsee Island.
 Together they form a barangay within the Balabac, a municipality of the province of Palawan.
 As at the time of the 2010 Census the population of the Mangsee Islands was 8,433.
2017 Rugby League World Cup Group C is one of four groups in the 2017 Rugby League World Cup.
 The group comprises Papua New Guinea, Wales and Ireland
Booty Luv (originally called Booty Luv and Cherise & Nadia), were a British dance group formed in June 2006 via the Hed Kandi label.
 The group comprises two R&B vocalists, Cherise Roberts and Nadia Shepherd, both of whom were in the original line-up of the hip hop and R&B group Big Brovaz.
 To date, they have released one BPI Silver-certified studio solo album as a twosome, and have had five top twenty hits in the UK.
 They have also achieved international success, gaining hits in Ireland, Poland, the Netherlands and Germany.
The Arbuthnott-Garvock Group (or Arbuthnot-Garvock Group) is a Devonian lithostratigraphic group (a sequence of rock strata) in central Scotland.
 The name is derived from the village of Arbuthnott in Aberdeenshire and the Hill of Garvock near Laurencekirk.
 The group comprises the previously separate overlying Garvock Group and the underlying Arbuthnott Group.
2013 Rugby League World Cup Group A is one of the four groups in the 2013 Rugby League World Cup.
 The group comprises Australia, England, Fiji and Ireland.
