The Coldest Girl in Coldtown is a 2013 young adult novel by Holly Black.
 The book was first published on September 3, 2013 through Little, Brown Books for Young Readers and follows Tana, a teenager that believes that she has been infected with vampirism.
 The book was written to be a standalone novel and while Black has stated that she is not adverse to writing a sequel, she has no plans to do so at this point in time.
Black Heart is third book in "The Curse Workers", a series about Cassel Sharpe written by Holly Black.
The Spiderwick Chronicles is a series of children's books by Tony DiTerlizzi and Holly Black.
 They chronicle the adventures of the Grace children, twins Simon and Jared and their older sister Mallory, after they move into the Spiderwick Estate and discover a world of fairies that they never knew existed.The first book, "The Field Guide", was published in 2003 and then followed by "The Seeing Stone "(2003), "Lucinda's Secret "(2003), "The Ironwood Tree "(2004), and "The Wrath of Mulgarath "(2004).
 Several companion books have been published including "Arthur Spiderwick's Field Guide to the Fantastical World Around You "(2005), "Notebook for Fantastical Observations "(2005), and "Care and Feeding of Sprites" (2006).
 A second series, entitled "Beyond the Spiderwick Chronicles "includes "The Nixie's Song" (2007), "A Giant Problem" (2008), and "The Wyrm King ("2009).
 A feature film adaptation, also titled "The Spiderwick Chronicles", was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and premiered on February 14, 2008; an accompanying video game was released in early February 2008.
The Iron Trial is a children's novel of The Magisterium Series written by Holly Black and Cassandra Clare.
 The protagonist of the series is twelve-year-old Callum (Call) Hunt who was raised by the mage Alastair Hunt, who after the third mage war with 'The Enemy of Death' also known as Constantine Madden, and the death of his wife Sarah at the Cold Massacre, decided to spurn magic and raised up Call to be the same.
 In the first book "The Iron Trial"' Call participates in a test to see whether he has sufficient magic to attend the magisterium and train to be a mage using the four elements fire, air, water, earth.
Amy Domini is an American investment adviser and author known for her work in "social investing".
 As one of the founders of KLD Research & Analytics, Inc., she helped created the Domini 400 Social Index, a stock market index selected according to a set of social and environmental standards.
 Since its inception in 1990, the Domini 400 has outperformed the S&P 500 on a cumulative basis.
The Darkest Part of the Forest is a 2015 young adult fantasy novel written by Holly Black.
 The Guardian reviewed the book as "Holly successfully merges modern teenage life with faerie legends and creates characters that have real depth that you care about.
 Even when describing the most mythical sections, the writing is really grounded and feels real".
 The story is about Hazel and her brother, Ben, who live in a small town where humans live in with a variety of mythical creatures.
The Spiderwick Chronicles is a 2008 American fantasy adventure film based on the bestselling book series of the same name by Holly Black and Tony DiTerlizzi.
 It was directed by Mark Waters and stars Freddie Highmore, Sarah Bolger, Mary-Louise Parker, Martin Short, Nick Nolte, and Seth Rogen.
 Set in the Spiderwick Estate in New England, it follows the adventures of Jared Grace and his family as they discover a field guide to faeries, battle goblins, mole trolls and other magical creatures.
The Rich Eychaner Charitable Foundation is a charitable foundation located in Des Moines, Iowa which seeks to promote tolerance and non-discrimination.
 The foundation awards scholarships to students who have been active in LGBTQ issues, promotes Iowa's anti-bullying legislation, and helped created the Iowa Pride Network and the GLBT Youth In Iowa Schools Task Force.
Valiant: A Modern Tale of Faerie, is a young adult urban fantasy novel by Holly Black.
 It was published in 2005 by Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers, who recommended it for ages "14 up".
 "Valiant" is a sequel to Black's debut novel "", and the second in a trilogy that is sometimes called "[A] Modern Tale of Faerie" (2002–2007).
Holly Black "née" Riggenbach (born November 10, 1971) is an American writer and editor best known for "The Spiderwick Chronicles", a series of children's fantasy books she created with writer and illustrator Tony DiTerlizzi, and a trilogy of Young Adult novels officially called the "Modern Faerie Tales" trilogy.
 Her 2013 novel "Doll Bones" was named a Newbery Medal honor book.
