Wayne Coles-Janess is an Australian producer, writer and director of drama and documentary film and TV programs.
 Based in Melbourne, Australia, he has produced documentaries about frontier places in the country.
 He has also made some documentaries in several international locations, including during times of war.
The Coconut Revolution is a 2001 multi-award winning documentary film about the struggle of the indigenous peoples of Bougainville Island during the Bougainville Civil War.
 The movement is described as the "world's first successful eco-revolution" and has drawn parallels with the conflict depicted in the 2009 film, "Avatar".
Tora-san, His Tender Love (男はつらいよ フーテンの寅 , Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Fūten no Tora ) is a 1970 Japanese comedy film directed by Azuma Morisaki.
 It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Kuruma Torajirō (Tora-san), and Michiyo Aratama as his love interest or "Madonna".
 "Tora-san, His Tender Love" is the third entry in the popular, long-running "Otoko wa Tsurai yo" series, and the first of only two in the series not directed by Yoji Yamada.
Love Me Tender is a 1956 American black-and-white CinemaScope motion picture directed by Robert D. Webb, and released by 20th Century Fox on November 15, 1956.
 The film, named after the song, stars Richard Egan, Debra Paget, and Elvis Presley in his acting debut.
 It is in the Western genre with musical numbers.
 As Presley's movie debut, it was the only time in his acting career that he did not receive top billing.
 "Love Me Tender" was originally to be titled "The Reno Brothers", but when advanced sales of Presley's "Love Me Tender" single passed one million—a first for a single—the film's title was changed to match.
 This was the only time that Presley played a historical figure.
Life at the End of the Rainbow is a 2002 documentary by Australian filmmaker Wayne Coles-Janess about the small farming community of Rainbow, population 500, which lies on the edge of the Big Desert, North Western Victoria, Australia.
 It is 55 minutes long.
In the Shadow of the Palms (2005) is a documentary produced and directed by the Australian filmmaker Wayne Coles-Janess.
 He filmed it in Iraq prior to, during and after the fall of Saddam Hussein after the United States invasion of 2003.
 An Arab-language film, it documents the changes in Iraqi society and the lives of ordinary Iraqis by focusing on a cross-section of individuals.
Tender Fictions is a 1996 autobiographical documentary film directed by American experimental filmmaker Barbara Hammer.
 It is the second of a trilogy of documentary films that includes "Nitrate Kisses" and "History Lessons".
 Together, the three films are sometimes known as the "History trilogy".
 "Tender Fictions" details Hammer's life and her attempts to "construct" a self.
 The film was nominated for a prize at the 1996 Sundance Film Festival.
Die zärtlichen Verwandten (The Tender Kinsfolk, The Tender Relatives) is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Harald Paulsen, Charlotte Ander and Felix Bressart.
 The film's art direction was overseen by Franz Schroedter.
Tender Loving Care is an interactive movie originally released in 1998 by Aftermath Media.
 It is a psychological thriller starring Michael Esposito, Beth Tegarden, and John Hurt as Dr. Turner.
 It was written and directed by David Wheeler and produced by Rob Landeros, who also designed the interactive features.
 The game was originally produced with the intention of releasing the game under the Trilobyte label, but Landeros was fired from the company before it was released.
 "Tender Loving Care" was later released under Landeros's new company, Aftermath Media, on CD-ROM, with the option for users to watch the movie as a feature-length film as opposed to interacting with the game.
 In October 2012 the game was re-released under the Trilobyte Games label on the Apple iOS platform.
 the game is based on the 1984 novel of the same name by Andrew Neiderman
Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight is a 1998 Australian documentary film.
 It was produced and directed by Wayne Coles-Janess.
