William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet may be one of the most-screened plays of all time.
 The most notable theatrical releases were George Cukor's multi-Oscar-nominated 1936 production "Romeo and Juliet", Franco Zeffirelli's 1968 film "Romeo and Juliet", and Baz Luhrmann's 1996 MTV-inspired "Romeo + Juliet".
 The latter two were both, at the time, the highest-grossing Shakespeare films.
 Cukor featured the mature actors Norma Shearer and Leslie Howard as the teenage lovers while Zeffirelli populated his film with beautiful young people, and Baz Luhrmann produced a heavily cut fast-paced version aimed at teenage audiences.
"Isobel" is a song recorded by Icelandic singer Björk for her third studio album, "Post".
 Written by Sjón based on a story by Björk, the lyrics of "Isobel" tell the story of the title character, who is magically born in a forest and sends a message of instinct amongst the logic thinking of the people of the city.
 The story of Isobel has been explored in "Human Behaviour" and "Bachelorette", forming a trilogy.
 The track was released as the second single for the album as two different CD releases in August 1995.
 Featuring additional songwriting by Nellee Hooper and Marius de Vries, string arrangements by Eumir Deodato and production by Hooper and Björk, "Isobel" combines a lush orchestral sound with electronic breakbeats.
Nellee Hooper (born 15 March 1963) is a British producer/remixer/composer known for his work with many major recording artists beginning in the late 1980s.
 He also debuted as a motion picture music composer with famed Scottish composer Craig Armstrong and Marius De Vries for the soundtrack for Baz Luhrmann's "Romeo + Juliet" in 1996.
Strictly Ballroom is a 1992 Australian romantic comedy film directed and co-written by Baz Luhrmann.
 The film, Luhrmann's début, is the first in his "The Red Curtain Trilogy" of theatre-motif-related films; it was followed by "Romeo + Juliet" and "Moulin Rouge!
".
Moulin Rouge!
 Music from Baz Luhrmann's Film is a soundtrack album to Baz Luhrmann's 2001 film "Moulin Rouge!
".
 It was released on May 8, 2001.
 The album features most of the songs featured in the film.
 However, some of the songs are alternate versions and there are two or three major songs that are left off.
 The original film versions and extra songs were featured on the second soundtrack.
Post is the second solo studio album by Icelandic musician Björk.
 The album was released in June 1995 through One Little Indian in the United Kingdom and Elektra Records in the United States.
 Unlike her previous release "Debut"—which was almost entirely produced by Nellee Hooper—"Post" is characterised by more collaborative efforts, including production by Hooper, 808 State's Graham Massey, and former Massive Attack member Tricky.
 Moreover, Björk co-produced every song on the album.
 "Post" received widespread critical acclaim from reviewers and was a commercial success, charting at number 2 in the United Kingdom and 32 in the United States.
 It was certified gold in New Zealand and Sweden, and platinum in Australia, Canada, the United States, and the United Kingdom. "
Telegram", a remix album of songs from "Post", was released in 1996.
"Bedtime Story" is a song recorded by American singer Madonna for her sixth studio album, "Bedtime Stories" (1994).
 It was released as the third single from the album on February 13, 1995, by Maverick Records, and it also appears on Madonna's compilation album "GHV2" (2001).
 "Bedtime Story" was written by Björk, Nellee Hooper and Marius De Vries; it was the only time Björk wrote a song for a Madonna album.
 She re-wrote a demo of the song to the current version, which was then produced by Madonna and Hooper.
 A mid-tempo electronic and house song with acid, ambient and techno influences, "Bedtime Story" has an underlying skeletal synth melody influenced by minimal trance music.
 The track was a departure from Madonna's pop-R&B-based outputs in favor of unconventional and electronic music.
 Lyrically it talks about the joys of the unconscious world.
The Great Gatsby: Music from Baz Luhrmann's Film (also known as Music from Baz Luhrmann's Film The Great Gatsby) is the soundtrack album to the 2013 film "The Great Gatsby", an adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel of the same name.
 Interscope Records released it on May 6, 2013.
 The album was produced by Baz Luhrmann and Anton Monsted, with Jay-Z serving as the album's executive producer.
 The soundtrack comprises fourteen songs, including new material and cover versions performed by various artists.
 It contains a mixture of genre, including hip hop, jazz, and alternative music.
 Luhrmann specifically selected these styles of music to better immerse the audience into the story of "The Great Gatsby".
"Big Time Sensuality" is a song by Icelandic singer Björk, released as the fourth single from her 1993 album "Debut" (1993).
 Written by Björk and staple collaborator Nellee Hooper and produced by Hooper, "Big Time Sensuality" is a house-influenced song that helped boost Björk's popularity worldwide, particularly the U.S., where she charted for the first time.
Strictly Ballroom the Musical is a musical theatre adaptation of the 1992 film "Strictly Ballroom".
 It is credited as being created by Baz Luhrmann with book by Baz Luhrmann and Craig Pearce adapted by Terry Johnson.
 The score consists of existing music and songs, and new musical numbers by David Foster, Sia Furler, Isaac Hasson, Bernie Herms, Baz Lurhmann, MoZella, Neff-U, Craig Pearce, Eddie Perfect, Linda Thompson and Elliot Wheeler.
