"Gold Dust" is a song by British-based DJ and record producer DJ Fresh.
 Originally put out as a 12" in 2008, it was re-released in 2010 featuring vocals from Ce' Cile although there is a version of the song on his album "Nextlevelism" which features Ms. Dynamite.
 It is the third single released from his second album "Kryptonite".
 The 2010 version of the song peaked at number 24 on the UK Singles Chart.
 The music video was directed by Ben Newman and edited by Jacek Zajkowski.
 In 2012, Shy FX made a 're-edit' of the song that was re-released to radio.
 This version reached number 22 on the UK Singles Chart and number 39 on the Irish Singles Chart.
 The sales of all versions are combined together enabling it to have sold in excess of 600,000 copies, receiving a Platinum certification, despite never reaching the top twenty of the UK Singles Chart.
"Honey to the Bee" is a song from Billie Piper released in 1999.
 It peaked at #3 in the UK Singles Chart and was released on March 22, 1999.
 In January 2007, the song was championed by Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles as part of an experiment to test out the new UK Singles Chart rules that came into effect that month, which prompted the song to reach number 17 in the UK Singles Chart on 21 January 2007, and number 11 in the UK Download Chart.
The UK Singles Chart is one of many music charts compiled by the Official Charts Company that calculates the best-selling singles of the week in the United Kingdom.
 Since 2004 the chart has been based on the sales of both physical singles and digital downloads, with airplay figures excluded from the official chart.
 Since 2004 the chart has been based on the sales of both physical singles and digital downloads, with airplay figures excluded from the official chart.
 From 6 July, streaming figures became incorporated into the singles chart which means that a song will count as a sale, if streamed 100 times.
 This list shows singles that peaked in the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart during 2014, as well as songs which peaked in 2013 but were in the top 10 in 2014.
 The entry date is when the song appeared in the top 10 for the first time (week ending, as published by the Official Charts Company, which is six days after the chart is announced).
Fire is the debut album of Electric Six, released in 2003.
 The album received generally positive critical reviews. "
Rolling Stone" called the album "the summer's most brilliantly demented party record" and "Blender" hailed the music as "convincingly ferocious".
 Three singles were released from the album: "Danger!
 High Voltage", which reached #10 in the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales chart and #2 in the UK Singles Chart; "Gay Bar", which reached #5 in the UK Singles Chart; and "Dance Commander", which reached #40 in the UK Singles Chart.
 "Fire" went gold in the United Kingdom on September 5, 2003.
 Later that year, the album was re-released with a bonus DVD containing the music videos for all three singles from the album.
Country Grammar is the debut studio album by American rapper Nelly.
 It was released on June 27, 2000, by Universal Records (who released the album after listening to demos by Nelly, before signing a record deal with the rapper in 1999).
 The production on the album was handled by Jason "Jay E" Epperson, with additional production by C-Love, Kevin Law, City Spud, Steve "Blast" Wills and Basement Beats.
 Nelly contributed to all lyrics on the album, with Epperson and City Spud also contributing.
 The album introduced a unique Saint Louis, Midwestern sound, and introduces Nelly's vocal style of pop-rap singalongs and Midwestern, Missouri twang.
 It was supported four successful singles: "Country Grammar (Hot Shit)", "E.I.", "Ride wit Me" and "Batter Up".
 Its lead single, "Country Grammar (Hot Shit)", peaked at number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and UK Singles Chart.
 "E.I." charted at number 16, number 12 and number 11 on the Hot 100, UK Singles Chart and ARIA Singles Chart, respectively.
 "Ride wit Me" peaked within the top five on the Hot 100, ARIA Singles Chart, Irish Singles Chart and UK Singles Chart.
 The album's fourth and final single, "Batter Up" featuring Murphy Lee and Ali, achieved moderate chart success.
English electronic music group Clean Bandit have released one studio album, three extended plays, seven singles (including one as a featured artist) and eleven music videos.
 In December 2012, the group released their debut single "A+E", which peaked at number 100 on the UK Singles Chart.
 The song is the lead single from their debut album, "New Eyes", which was released in May 2014.
 The album's second single, "Mozart's House", charted at number seventeen on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Clean Bandit's first top twenty single on the chart. "
Dust Clears" was released as the third single from the album, reaching number forty-three on the UK chart.
 The album's fourth single, "Rather Be", features Jess Glynne and topped the UK Singles Chart, the group's first number one on the chart.
 Their 2016 single "Rockabye", which features rapper Sean Paul and singer Anne-Marie, became their second number-one hit in the UK, becoming the Christmas number one single for 2016 in its seventh consecutive week at number-one.
 The follow-up to "Rockabye", "Symphony", featured Zara Larsson and became their third UK number one single.
English hard rock band Royal Blood has released two studio albums, two extended plays (EPs), eight singles and nine music videos. Formed in Brighton in January 2013, Royal Blood is a duo consisting of bassist and vocalist Mike Kerr and drummer Ben Thatcher.
 After signing with Warner Bros.
 Records, the duo released their debut single "Out of the Black" in October 2013, which debuted at number 29 on the UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart.
 In February 2014, "Little Monster" was issued as the band's second single, registering on the UK Singles Chart at number 95 and the UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart at number one.
 Both singles were later issued alongside their B-sides on the EP "Out of the Black" in March. "
Come On Over" – initially featured as the B-side to "Out of the Black" – was released as a single in April, reaching number 68 on the UK Singles Chart.
 At the same time, "Little Monster" also returned to the charts, peaking at number 74 on the UK Singles Chart.
The discography of British singer-songwriter Gabrielle Aplin, consists of two studio albums, four extended plays, three live albums and five singles.
 Her first release was the 5-track "Acoustic EP" which was released on the iTunes Store on 13 September 2010.
 Her second EP "Never Fade" was released on 9 May 2011 and saw Aplin expand her sound, showcasing a more folk rock sound and playing all instruments herself.
 In April 2011, Aplin was invited to perform for "BBC Introducing" at Maida Vale Studios, where she played 3 tracks from "Never Fade" and a cover of the Coldplay song "Fix You".
 Aplin released her third EP, "Home", on 9 January 2012.
 On 29 February 2012, Aplin announced that she had signed to Parlophone.
 Aplin was confirmed as the soundtrack to the John Lewis 2012 Christmas television advertisement, covering Frankie Goes to Hollywood's "The Power of Love", the song reached number one on the UK Singles Chart.
 On 12 December 2012, Aplin announced that the title of her debut album would be "English Rain".
 In addition, she also unveiled its artwork and release date of 29 April 2013.
 However, the album's release date was later confirmed as 13 May 2013.
 Aplin announced live on 17 February Radio 1 Chart Show that her third single would be "Panic Cord".
 The song originally featured on her Never Fade EP and it was released on 5 May 2013, charting at number 19 on the UK Singles Chart.
 "English Rain" charted at number 2 on both the UK Albums Chart and Scottish Albums Chart, while reaching number on the Irish Albums Chart.
 In 2014, Aplin released her "English Rain EP" in the United States.
 The EP was released on the 6th of May and features 5 songs from her debut album, as well as a cover of Canadian singer Joni Mitchell's "A Case of You".
 In 2015, Aplin released her second studio album entitled "Light Up the Dark".
 "Light Up the Dark" debuted at number 14 on the UK Albums Chart.
British-Irish boy band The Wanted have released three studio albums, two extended plays and ten singles.
 The band's debut album, "The Wanted", was released by Geffen Records in the United Kingdom in October 2010.
 It reached number four on the UK Album Chart and number eleven on the Irish Albums Chart.
 The album's first single, "All Time Low", was released in July 2010 and peaked at number one on the UK Singles Chart and number thirteen on the Irish Singles Chart.
 This was followed by "Heart Vacancy", which reached two in the UK and eighteen in Ireland. "
Lose My Mind", was the third and last single from the album and was less successful than its predecessors, reaching number 19 in the UK and number 30 in Ireland.
"Grace Kelly" is a song by the British singer Mika, released for download on 9 January 2007.
 It also appears on Mika's 2007 album "Life in Cartoon Motion".
 Produced and mixed by Greg Wells, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at number three and the UK Official Download Chart at number one.
 One week later, it jumped to the top of the UK Singles Chart.
 The track was number one on the UK Singles Chart for five weeks, and ended 2007 as the year's third biggest-selling single in that country.
 In the U.S., "Grace Kelly" was made available for digital download on 16 January 2007.
 This song was also #89 on "MTV Asia"' s list of Top 100 Hits of 2007.
 It was designed to be a mocking satire of musicians who try to reinvent themselves to be popular.
