Rex, Rex Motorcycles, Rex-Acme, was a motorcycle company which began in Birmingham, England in 1900.
 Rex soon merged with a Coventry bicycle maker named Allard and then later in 1922 the company merged with Coventry's 'Acme' motorcycle company forming 'Rex Acme'.
 The company existed until 1933, and, in its heyday, was considered one of the greatest names in the British motorcycle industry.
The World Publishing Company was an American publishing company founded by Alfred H. Cahen.
 Originally headquartered in Cleveland, the company later added an office in New York City.
 The company published genre fiction, trade paperbacks, children's literature, nonfiction books, textbooks, Bibles, and dictionaries, primarily from 1940 to 1980.
 Authors published by World Publishing Company include Ruth Nanda Anshen, Michael Crichton, Simone de Beauvoir, Robert Ludlum, Sam Moskowitz, Ayn Rand, Rex Stout, Gay Talese, and Lin Yutang.
 The company's Cleveland headquarters were located in the Caxton Building.
Xircom, Inc. was based in Thousand Oaks, California, with manufacturing facilities located in Penang & Malaysia and international offices throughout Europe and Asia Pacific.
 They were one of the first companies to develop network computing products for notebook computers.
 Products included computer memory cards, LAN adapters, modems, and remote access server products.
 The company's products enabled notebook users to share information over a network connection.
 During fiscal 1999, the company introduced 56K modems in the MiniPCI form factor.
 In September 1999, the company acquired Rex PC Card Organizer product line.
 During fiscal 2000, the company acquired Omnipoint Technologies, Inc. and Entrega Technologies Inc.
 Branded products accounted for 65% of fiscal 2000 revenues and OEM products, 35%.
 In 2001, Intel acquired Xircom and in early 2003 laid off most of Xircom's Thousand Oaks employees.
Rex Records was a United States based record label owned by the Rex Talking Machine Corporation of Wilmington, Delaware.
 The company was in business from 1912 through 1919.
 They issued vertical cut double-sided ten- and 12-inch diameter disc records compatible with the Pathé Records system.
 They were bought out by Okeh Records.
 For further details and references see <nowiki>mainspringress.com</nowiki>.
 That article cites "1918 issues of 'Talking Machine World' as a specific source for remarks about Rex Records.
Forever Living Products International, Inc. (FLPI) is a privately held multi-level marketing (MLM) company based in Scottsdale, Arizona, which manufactures and sells aloe vera-based drinks and bee-derived cosmetics, nutritional supplements, and personal care products.
 The company was founded in 1978 by CEO Rex Maughan.
 After acquiring the company Aloe Vera of America by the 1990s, In 2010, the company reported having over 4,000 employees, a network of 9.3 million distributors, and revenue of $1.7 billion.
REX American Resources Corp. (REX; ) is an American producer and retailer of ethanol, distillers grains and natural gas as well as a holding company in energy entities.
 It was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
 The company has the entire ownership of three affiliated corporations including Rex Radio and Television, Inc., Stereo Town, Inc. and Kelly & Cohen Appliances, Inc.
 As of 2012, the company has the ownership of 22 national retail stores and invested in five ethanol production entities nationwide.
 One of the plants the company invested in, One Earth Energy, LLC, has an annual capacity of 100 million gallons of ethanol and 320,000 tons of dried distillers grains.
 The company exited the retail industry and transferred to energy investment in 2009 with changing the name from Rex Stores Corporation to its current name in the following year.
Rex Records was a United Kingdom-based record label founded in 1933 by the Crystalate Gramophone Record Manufacturing Company, also the parent of British Imperial Records.
 Rex released their first discs in September 1933, with the initial release bearing a catalogue number of 8000 or 8001.
 The company was taken over by Decca Records in March 1937.
 Rex Records were sold at Marks & Spencer's chain stores.
The Rexist Party (French: "Parti Rexiste" ), or simply Rex, was a far-right Catholic, nationalist, authoritarian and corporatist political party active in Belgium from 1935 until 1945.
 The party was founded by a journalist, Léon Degrelle, and, unlike other fascist parties in the Belgium of the time, advocated Belgian unitarism and royalism.
 Initially the party ran in both Flanders and Wallonia but never achieved much success outside Wallonia and Brussels.
 Its name was derived from the Roman Catholic journal and publishing company "Christus Rex" (Latin for Christ the King).
Rex G. Maughan is the founder, president, and CEO of Forever Living Products, a multi-level marketing program that sells aloe-vera based cosmetics and other personal products.
 He is also a real-estate investor.
Graco (pronounced gray-co) is an American baby products company, owned and operated by Newell Brands, now based in Atlanta, Georgia.
 It was founded in 1942 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Russell Gray and Robert Cone (hence the name) as Graco Metal Products, a company that fabricated machine and car parts.
 Rex Thomas (one of two engineers hired to come up with a sustainable product) watched his wife sitting on the porch, rocking their baby in a swing with a string tied to it, while she read a book.
 Rex went into work the next day and said “why don’t we make an automatic baby swing.”
 After 18 months of research and development, the Swyngnomatic - the world’s first wind-up, automatic baby swing—was born in 1955, designed by company engineer Dave Saint.
 In 1987 the company pioneered the invention of the Pack N' Play Portable Playard, the world’s first portable playard (designed by Nate Saint, Dave Saint’s son).
