Navigable aqueducts (sometimes called water bridges) are bridge structures that carry navigable waterway canals over other rivers, valleys, railways or roads.
 They are primarily distinguished by their size, carrying a larger cross-section of water than most water-supply aqueducts.
 Although Roman aqueducts were sometimes used for transport, aqueducts were not generally used until the 17th century when the problems of summit level canals had been solved and modern canal systems were developed.
 The 662-metre long steel Briare aqueduct carrying the Canal latéral à la Loire over the River Loire was built in 1896.
 It was ranked as the longest navigable aqueduct in the world for more than a century, until the Magdeburg Water Bridge in Germany took the title in the early 21st century.
A contour canal is an artificially-dug navigable canal which closely follows the contour line of the land it traverses in order to avoid costly engineering works such as boring a tunnel through higher ground, building an embankment over lower ground, or constructing a canal lock (or series of locks) to change the level of the canal.
 Because of this, these canals are characterised by their meandering course.
The Stainforth and Keadby Canal is a navigable canal in South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, England.
 It connects the River Don Navigation at Bramwith to the River Trent at Keadby, by way of Stainforth, Thorne and Ealand, near Crowle.
 It opened in 1802, passed into the control of the River Don Navigation in 1849, and within a year was controlled by the first of several railway companies.
 It became part of the Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation, an attempt to remove several canals from railway control, in 1895.
 There were plans to upgrade it to take larger barges and to improve the port facilities at Keadby, but the completion of the New Junction Canal in 1905 made this unnecessary, as Goole could easily be reached and was already a thriving port.
The Droitwich Canals Trust is an English limited company created in 1973 to work towards the restoration of the Droitwich Canal.
 From 2001 it worked as part of a larger group, the Droitwich Canals Restoration Partnership, and in 2004, following a successful application for a grant of £4.6 million from the Heritage Lottery Fund surrendered its lease on the canal to British Waterways, who then managed the restoration through to the reopening of the canals in 2011.
The Ayurvedic Trust (AVT), founded in 1950, is a health-related trust in India.
 It is headquartered at Coimbatore, the second largest city of Tamil Nadu in India.
 P.S.G. Venkataswamy Naidu and The Arya Vaidya Pharmacy (Cbe) Ltd were instrumental in establishing this trust.
 The trust promotes authentic Ayurveda, clinical practices based on Ayurveda theories on health and life, research in Ayurveda and awareness on Ayurveda among common public and global scientific community.
 The Ayurvedic Trust also runs Ayurveda hospitals including The Arya Vaidya Chikitsalayam and Research Institute, which has treated numerous national and international personalities including the former presidents and prime ministers of India.
The Cotswold Canals Trust (previously the Stroudwater and Thames and Severn Canal Trust) is an English registered charity that aims to protect and restore the Stroudwater Navigation and the Thames and Severn Canal.
 The group was founded in 1972, and was initially called the Stroudwater Canal Society.
 The society became the Stroudwater, Thames and Severn Canal Trust in 1975 as the scope of the project increased, and subsequently became the Cotswold Canals Trust in July 1990.
The Miranda Naturalists' Trust is a charitable trust, that established and maintains the Miranda Shorebird Centre, located at Miranda on the western shore of the Firth of Thames on the North Island of New Zealand.
 The Miranda Naturalists' Trust (MNT) was formed in 1975 to encourage people to visit the coastline and appreciate its wide range of flora and fauna.
 The trust promotes education and public awareness of coastal ecology, shorebird research and conservation.
 Work done by the trust, to increase knowledge of shorebird migration, includes bird banding, research and data exchange.
 The Shorebird Centre has information displays on waders and a library and helps raise funds for the trust's work through their shop sales and visitor accommodation.
The Shropshire Union Canal is a navigable canal in England.
 The Llangollen and Montgomery canals are the modern names of branches of the Shropshire Union ("SU") system and lie partially in Wales.
The Shrewsbury & Newport Canals Trust is a waterway society and a registered charity which exists to promote the restoration of the Shrewsbury Canal and the Newport Arm of the Shropshire Union Canal.
 The trust was created in 2000.
The Shrewsbury Canal (or Shrewsbury and Newport Canal) was a canal in Shropshire, England.
 Authorised in 1793, the main line from Trench to Shrewsbury was fully open by 1797, but it remained isolated from the rest of the canal network until 1835, when the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal built the Newport Branch from Norbury Junction to a new junction with the Shrewsbury Canal at Wappenshall.
 After ownership passed to a series of railway companies, the canal was officially abandoned in 1944; many sections have disappeared, though some bridges and other structures can still be found.
 There is an active campaign to preserve the remnants of the canal and to restore the Norbury to Shrewsbury line to navigation.
