David Austin French (born January 24, 1969) is an American attorney, journalist, and a senior fellow at the "National Review Institute".
 He is a veteran of the Iraq War and a major in the United States Army Reserve.
 He is a past president of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education.
 A staff writer for "National Review", he has also written several nonfiction books.
Mark Krikorian has been the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, a think-tank in Washington, D. C., since 1995.
 The Center describes itself as an "independent, non-partisan research organization" in Washington, D. C., that examines and critiques the impact of immigration on the United States.
 Animated by a "pro-immigrant, low-immigration vision which seeks fewer immigrants, but a warmer welcome for those admitted", the Center was established in 1985 to provide immigration research.
 Krikorian is a regular contributor to the conservative publication "National Review", and is a regular participant at "National Review Online's" "The Corner."
Kate Walsh O'Beirne (September 23, 1949 – April 23, 2017) was the President of National Review Institute.
 She was the Washington editor of "National Review".
 Her column, "Bread and Circuses," covered Congress, politics, and U.S. domestic policy.
Jim Geraghty is a conservative blogger and regular contributor to "National Review Online" and "National Review".
 In addition to writing columns for "National Review", Geraghty also blogs for National Review Online and is a former reporter for States News Service.
Kevin Daniel Williamson (born September 18, 1972) is the roving correspondent for "National Review."
 He is also the theater critic for "The New Criterion".
 He was previously deputy managing editor at "National Review".
A review is an evaluation of a publication, service, or company such as a movie (a movie review), video game (video game review), musical composition (music review of a composition or recording), book (book review); a piece of hardware like a car, home appliance, or computer; or an event or performance, such as a live music concert, play, musical theater show, dance show, or art exhibition.
 In addition to a critical evaluation, the review's author may assign the work a rating to indicate its relative merit.
 More loosely, an author may review current events, trends, or items in the news.
 A compilation of reviews may itself be called a review. "
The New York Review of Books", for instance, is a collection of essays on literature, culture, and current affairs. "
National Review", founded by William F. Buckley, Jr., is an influential conservative magazine, and "Monthly Review" is a long-running socialist periodical.
The Human Life Review is a quarterly journal published by the Human Life Foundation since 1975.
 It is devoted to explorations of life issues, primarily abortion, as well as neonaticide, medical genetics, prenatal testing, human cloning, fetal tissue experimentation, euthanasia and assisted suicide, and also publishes articles dealing with more general questions of family and society.
 It was founded by James Patrick McFadden, formerly associate publisher of "National Review", who had also founded the Human Life Foundation, and is now edited by his daughter, Maria McFadden.
 It was launched from the offices of "National Review", with the support of William F. Buckley.
The National Review Board (full name: National Review Board for the Protection of Children and Young People) is a committee created in 2002 by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops in order to monitor the implementation of the Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People in the wake of the clerical abuse scandal in the United States.
 The Board was also charged with investigating the scandal, which it did in part by commissioning the John Jay College to conduct a survey of Church records in order to define the nature and scope of the abuse committed by priests over the period between 1950 and 2002.
 The results of that survey were released in 2004 in what has come to be known as the "John Jay Report" or "Nature and Scope report."
 In parallel with the John Jay College survey the Board conducted interviews with a variety of people, both inside and outside the Church, who were well placed to comment on the scandal, and on the basis of these interviews prepared a more broad-ranging report of its own.
 Whereas the John Jay College report was (as intended) primarily a factual summary of the data collected in the College’s survey of Church records, the Board’s own report sought to interpret these data and its other findings in order to explain why the “epidemic” of clerical abuse had occurred and to identify the appropriate steps to avoid any repetition.
Charles C. W. Cooke (born November 4, 1984) is the editor of "National Review Online".
 He took the role over after Rich Lowry stepped down in June, 2016 (Lowry remains the editor-in-chief of "National Review").
 Cooke is the author of "The Conservatarian Manifesto" and a frequent guest on HBO's "Real Time with Bill Maher".
 In addition to "National Review", he has written for the "New York Times", the "Washington Post", and the "Los Angeles Times".
 Along with Kevin D. Williamson, he hosts the popular "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" podcast.
Daniel Oliver (born March 10, 1939) is a former executive editor of "National Review" from 1973 to 1976 and chairman of the Federal Trade Commission from 1986 to 1990.
 He was chairman of the "National Review" board and a trustee of the magazine made so by William F. Buckley, Jr., founder of the publication.
