Baidu Tieba () is the largest Chinese communication platform provided by the Chinese search engine company, Baidu.
 It is an online community bound tightly with internet search services, one of the main business of Baidu.
 The website functions by having users search or create a bar (Forum) by typing a keyword, and if the bar has not been created before, it is then created upon the search.
The Grass Mud Horse or Cǎonímǎ (草泥马 ) is a Chinese Internet meme widely used as a form of symbolic defiance of the widespread Internet censorship in China.
 It is a play on the Mandarin words "cào nǐ mā" (肏你妈 ), literally, "fuck your mother", and is one of the so-called 10 mythical creatures created in a hoax article on Baidu Baike in early 2009 whose names form obscene puns.
 It has become an Internet chat forum cult phenomenon in China and has garnered worldwide press attention, with videos, cartoons and merchandise of the animal (which is said to resemble the alpaca), having appeared.
Spill.com was a movie and video game review, discussion and news website.
 It was the continuation of the 9 year old Austin, Texas based public-access television cable TV show called "The Reel Deal".
 There were four main film critic contributors to the website, collectively known as the Spill Crew, including Korey Coleman, Chris Cox, Martin Thomas, C. Robert Cargill, and Tony Guerrero.
 Under aliases, with the exception of Coleman, they reviewed movies as animated versions of themselves or in uncut audio reviews, maintaining their personas in weekly podcasts.
 The website was owned by Hollywood.com, under R&S Investments.
 Stylistically, the site strived to maintain a "down-to-earth vibe."
 As of July 2013, Spill.com had over 50,000 registered members.
 On December 6, 2013, it was announced that the site will be shutting down.
 As of December 20, 2013, The URL for the website now redirects to the Hollywood.com website.
 Their final review was for the 2013 Disney film "Saving Mr. Banks".
 Founder Korey Coleman posted on his Facebook page that he cannot share details regarding the shutdown but that he has mostly made peace with "past events" and "everything is fine".
 He also received funds via a successful Kickstarter to start a new website that will be a spiritual successor to "Spill.com" titled "Double Toasted" alongside Martin Thomas.
 Chris Cox, better known as Cyrus, since, started his own website "oneofus.net".
Baike.com (), formerly Hudong and Hoodong, is a for-profit social network in China, including the world's largest Chinese encyclopedia/news website.
 It is China's largest wiki site, using paid advertising, with over 7 million articles and more than 5 million volunteers, as of April 2013.
Pan Haidong (潘海东; born 1974 in Dazhou, Sichuan) is the CEO of Chinese online encyclopedia Baike.com.
, the largest online encyclopedia in China as of 2009.
Social media began in the form of generalized online communities.
 These online communities formed on websites like Geocities.com in 1994, Theglobe.com in 1995, and Tripod.com in 1995.
 Many of these early communities focused on social interaction by bringing people together through the use of chat rooms.
 The chat rooms encouraged users to share personal information, ideas, or even personal web pages.
 Later the social networking community Classmates took a different approach by simply having people link to each other by using their personal email addresses.
 By the late 1990s, social networking websites began to develop more advanced features to help users find and manage friends.
 These newer generation of social networking websites began to flourish with the emergence of SixDegrees.
com in 1997, Makeoutclub in 2000, Hub Culture in 2002, and Friendster in 2002.
 However, the first profitable mass social networking website was the South Korean service, Cyworld.
 Cyworld initially launched as a blog-based website in 1999 and social networking features were added to the website in 2001.
 Other social networking websites emerged like Myspace in 2002, LinkedIn in 2003, and Bebo in 2005.
 In 2009, the social networking website Facebook (launched in 2004) became the largest social networking website in the world.
 Active users of Facebook increased from just a million in 2004 to over 750 million by the year 2011.
 Making internet-based social networking both a cultural and financial phenomenon.
The Baidu 10 Mythical Creatures (), alternatively Ten Baidu Deities, was initially a humorous hoax from the interactive encyclopedia Baidu Baike which became a popular and widespread Internet meme in the People's Republic of China in early 2009.
Corbin Fisher is an American film studio with a focus in gay pornography, based in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The studio maintains a website at CorbinFisher.com; other web properties of the company include AmateurCollegeMen.com, AmateurCollegeSex.com, CFSelect.com, CorbinFisherLive.com, CorbinsCoeds.com, and ShopCorbinFisher.com.
 The founder of Corbin Fisher, who goes by the same name as an alias, started filming men and making videos during his spare time, and started the website CorbinFisher.com in 2004.
 The company released its first full-length DVD in September 2008.
 Since 2009 the company has collaborated with the European studio Bel Ami on movie production and cross-distribution.
Baidu Entertainment Hot Point ( ) is an award ceremony founded by Chinese web services company Baidu to honor most popular celebrities, Televisions, films, and other internet contents.
 The Baidu Entertainment Hot Point has been held annually since 2008, and cooperated with one of the Chinese most influential Television network Hunan Television to broadcast on television for the first four years.
 In the fifth year, Baidu started to release the award information on its own website each year.
Baidu Baike () is a Chinese-language, collaborative, web-based encyclopedia owned and produced by the Chinese search engine Baidu.
 Its test version was released on 20 April 2006, and within three weeks the encyclopedia had grown to more than 90,000 articles surpassing the number in Chinese Wikipedia.
 By 2008, Hudong.com had surpassed both in article count, but Baidu Baike later became number one again.
 The encyclopedia censors its content in accordance with the requirements of the Chinese government.
