RTA Rapid Transit (generally known as The Rapid) is a rapid transit and light rail system in Cleveland and Cuyahoga County owned by the Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority (RTA).
 The system comprises three lines—the Red Line (rapid transit), and Blue and Green Lines (light rail).
The Amsterdam Metro (Dutch: "Amsterdamse metro" ) is a mixed rapid transit and light rail system in Amsterdam, and its surrounding municipalities Amstelveen, Diemen, and Ouder-Amstel in the Netherlands.
 The network is owned by the city of Amsterdam and operated by municipal public transport company GVB which also operates trams, ferries, and local buses.
 The metro system consists of four routes, with a total length of 42.5 kilometres, and serves 52 stations.
There are three heavy rail and three light rail rapid transit systems operating in Canada.
 The Toronto subway was the first rapid transit system in Canada when it opened a 12-station line in 1954.
 It has since grown to encompass three heavy rail lines and one intermediate rail line and has the most number of stations of any system in Canada with 69.
 Construction has begun on the Eglinton Crosstown Line and the Toronto-York Spadina Subway Extension, which will add 28 new stations and a total of 27.6 km of new track.
 Montreal introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966 and has now become the most popular rapid transit system in the country with 1,263,800 daily riders.
 The Vancouver SkyTrain, an automated guided line, was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair and is the longest rapid transit system in Canada with a system length of 79.6 km .
 There are three light rail systems operating in Canada including systems in Calgary (the CTrain), Edmonton (the Edmonton LRT), and Ottawa (the O-train).
 There is one light rail system under construction in Kitchener-Waterloo named Ion rapid transit.
The Manila Light Rail Transit System (Filipino: "Sistema ng Magaang Riles Panlulan ng Maynila" ) popularly and informally known as the LRT is a metropolitan rail system serving the Metro Manila area in the Philippines.
 Although referred to as a light rail system because it originally used light rail vehicles, it has characteristics that make it more akin to a rapid transit (metro) system, such as high passenger throughput, exclusive right-of-way and later use of full metro rolling stock.
 The system is operated by the Light Rail Transit Authority (LRTA), a government-owned and controlled corporation under the authority of the Department of Transportation and Communications (DOTC).
 Along with the Manila Metro Rail Transit System (MRT-3, also called the new Yellow Line), and Philippine National Railways's commuter line, the system makes up Metro Manila's rail infrastructure.
Mashhad Urban Railway (Persian: قطار شهری مشهد‎ ‎ , the literal translation of the name from Persian) is a rapid transit urban rail line in Mashhad, Iran.
 It is the second rapid transit system in Iran.
 The project has been known by a number of terms, including "light rail" or "light metro" and "urban rail" or "metro", though the system's full-grade separation from traffic and five-minute headway fully qualify it as a rapid transit or "metro" system.
 Mashhad Urban Railway operates its line 1 from 6 to 22:00 daily.
 Construction of the second line which is a metro line is ongoing.
 Limited operation of the first phase of line 2, with 8 km and 7 stations, had just begun in Feb 2017.
The Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 2, also known as LRT Line 2, LRT-2, or Megatren, is a rapid transit line in Metro Manila in the Philippines, generally running in an east-west direction along the Radial Road 6 and a portion of the Circumferential Road 1.
 Although operated by the Light Rail Transit Authority, resulting in its being called "LRT-2", it is actually a heavy rail, rapid transit system owing to its use of electric multiple units instead of the light rail vehicles used in earlier lines and is the only line utilizing such type of system in the country.
 Envisioned in the 1970s as part of the Metropolitan Manila Strategic Mass Rail Transit Development Plan, the eleven-station, 13.8 km line was the third rapid transit line to be built in Metro Manila when it started operations in 2003.
 It is operated by the Light Rail Transit Authority (LRTA), a government-owned and controlled corporation attached to the Department of Transportation (DOTr) under an official development assistance scheme.
Metro is a public transportation network consisting of light rail and bus rapid transit services covering the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area.
 The light rail portion of the network, managed by Metro Transit, has 37 light rail stations in operation across two lines: the Blue Line, running from downtown Minneapolis to the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, and the Green Line, connecting downtown Minneapolis with downtown Saint Paul.
 In 2016, the Blue and Green lines respectively provided approximately 10.3 million and 12.7 million rides for a total of 23 million rides across both lines.
 By ridership, it is the ninth-largest light rail system in the United States.
In Los Angeles County, California, the Metro Rail system, is a combined rapid transit and light rail system, operated by the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (LACMTA).
 The system is composed of two rapid transit lines and four light rail lines that run on 105.8 mi of track.
 As of March 2012, Los Angeles County Metro Rail serves an average of 323,870 passengers each weekday, 192,943 each Saturday, and 146,646 each Sunday.
 Metro Rail is one of the largest rapid transit and light rail systems in the United States by ridership.
 This is complemented by Metro's two Metro Liner bus rapid transit lines.
Metro Rail is an urban rail system serving Los Angeles County, California.
 It consists of six lines, including two rapid transit subway lines (the Red and Purple lines) and four light rail lines (the Blue, Green, Gold and Expo lines) serving 93 stations.
 It connects with the Metro Busway bus rapid transit system (the Orange Line and Silver Line) and also with the Metrolink commuter rail system.
 Metro Rail, which had an average daily weekday ridership of 362,135 as of 2016 , is owned and operated by the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro) and started service in 1990.
 It has been extended significantly since that time and several further extensions are either in the works or being considered.
DART Light Rail is a light rail system in Dallas, Texas and its suburbs owned and operated by Dallas Area Rapid Transit.
 The system comprises 93 mi among its four lines — the Red Line , the Blue Line , the Green Line , and the Orange Line .
 It is the longest light rail system in the United States.
 As of the fourth quarter of 2014, the system has an average weekday ridership of 101,800, making it the largest light rail system in the Southern United States by ridership, and the seventh largest in the United States by ridership.
 As of Fiscal Year 2015, the system average weekday riderships had fallen to 97,800.
 (The system utilizes 163 light rail trains manufactured by Kinki Sharyo, with all trains being converted to "Super" LRVs which feature level boarding and higher passenger capacity.
