A bachelor's degree (from Middle Latin "baccalaureus") or baccalaureate (from Modern Latin "baccalaureatus") is an undergraduate academic degree awarded by colleges and universities upon completion of a course of study lasting three to seven years (depending on institution and academic discipline).
 In some institutions and educational systems, some bachelor's degrees can only be taken as graduate or postgraduate degrees after a first degree has been completed.
 In countries with qualifications frameworks, bachelor's degrees are normally one of the major levels in the framework (sometimes two levels where non-honours and honours bachelor's degrees are considered separately), although some qualifications titled bachelor's degrees may be at other levels (e.g. MBBS) and some qualifications with non-bachelor's titles may be classified as bachelor's degrees (e.g. the Scottish MA and Canadian MD).
An associate degree (or associate's degree) is an undergraduate academic degree awarded by colleges and universities upon completion of a course of study intended to usually last two years.
 It is considered to be greater level of education than a high school diploma or GED.
A Bachelor of Independent Studies is an undergraduate academic degree.
 Its program of studies is unique to each student, and the individual curricula are largely determined by each student.
 It may focus in any field, and generally has two phases: a pre-thesis phase, in which the student takes courses or reading courses, and a thesis phase, in which the student completes a substantial thesis.
 A similarly name Bachelor of Interdisciplinary Studies is also awarded by some universities.
 The degree can be considered akin to a degree in general studies.
A Bachelor of Medical Science (Honours) (BMedSci, BMedSc, BMSc, BSci(Med) or Bachelor of Medical Sciences is an undergraduate academic degree awarded for completed courses that generally last for 2–4 years.
 Acceleration modes are offered for students who decide to fast-track the duration of a relevant degree or pathway to graduate medical training (Doctor of Medicine) earlier, as opposed to completing a typical undergraduate degree which lasts 3–5 years.
The Master of Laws (M.L. or LL.M.; Latin "Magister Legum " or "Legum Magister ") is a postgraduate academic degree, pursued by those either holding an undergraduate academic law degree, a professional law degree, or an undergraduate degree in a related subject.
 In some jurisdictions the "Master of Laws" is the basic professional degree for admission into legal practice.
Southeastern Illinois College is a public community college located approximately halfway between Harrisburg and Equality in Saline County, Illinois, United States.
 The college was founded in 1960 and offers Associate degrees.
 A secondary campus, the David L. Stanley White County Center, is located in Carmi, White County.
 Approximately 5,000 students enroll each year.
A Bachelor of Pharmacy (abbreviated B Pharm) is an undergraduate academic degree in the field of pharmacy.
 The degree is the basic prerequisite for registration to practice as a pharmacist in many countries and its about understanding the properties and impacts of medicines and developing the skills required to counsel patients about their use.
 In some countries, it has been superseded by the Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) and Master of Pharmacy (MPharm) degrees.
 In the United States, this degree was granted as the baccalaureate pharmacy degree only at Washington State University, where it has now been superseded by the PharmD degree.
 The degree previously offered within the US—and still the required degree in Canada—is the Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy.
A Bachelor of Design (B.Des.
 or B.Design) degree is usually an undergraduate academic degree awarded for a course or major that generally lasts three or four years.
 It is an arts-centered degree that is a counterpart to the Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) degree.
 Bachelor of Design degrees have been popular in Canada and Australia for several decades and are becoming increasingly popular in the United States as discipline-specific design education expands and becomes more specialized.
 There are several variants of the Bachelor of Design degree, including the Bachelor of Design Arts and the Bachelor of Design Studies.
A Bachelor of Information Technology (abbreviations BIT, BInfTech, B.Tech(IT) or BE(IT)) is an undergraduate academic degree that generally requires three to five years of study.
 While the degree has a major focus on computers and technology, it differs from a Computer Science degree in that students are also expected to study management and information science, and there are reduced requirements for mathematics.
 A degree in computer science can be expected to concentrate on the scientific aspects of computing, while a degree in information technology can be expected to concentrate on the business and communication applications of computing.
 There is more emphasis on these two areas in the e-commerce, e-business and business information technology undergraduate courses.
 Specific names for the degrees vary across countries, and even universities within countries.
The School of Education at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign was founded in 1905.
 It was later renamed the College of Education in 1918.
 The college offers undergraduate, graduate, and online programs in areas including elementary education, early childhood education, special education, and Educational Organization and Leadership.
 It began with six departments; three of them merged and formed the largest department in the college.
 All departments offer masters and doctoral degrees.
 However, only two departments offer undergraduate degree programs: Special Education and Curriculum & Instruction.
 The college also offers 16 online programs.
 Students seeking an undergraduate degree in the college must meet the minimum graduation requirement set forth by the university.
 To obtain a certification, students must also meet the requirements of the Council on Teacher Education, a professional educational administration at the University of Illinois.
 The total enrollment is 1,361 students as of 2015.
