Lauren Helen Graham (born March 16, 1967) is an American actress and author.
 She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series "Gilmore Girls" (2000–07), for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations, one Golden Globe nomination, and five Satellite Award nominations.
 She is also known for film roles in "Sweet November" (2001), "Bad Santa" (2003), "The Pacifier" (2005), "Because I Said So" (2007), and "Evan Almighty" (2007).
 From 2010 to 2015, Graham starred as Sarah Braverman on the NBC television drama "Parenthood".
Gilmore Girls is an American comedy-drama television series, created by Amy Sherman-Palladino and starring Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel.
 The show debuted on October 5, 2000 on The WB and became a flagship series for the network.
 "Gilmore Girls" originally ran for seven seasons, with the final season moving to The CW, and ended its run on May 15, 2007.
Kimberly Alexis Bledel ( ; ] ; born September 16, 1981) is an American actress and model.
 She is known for her role as Rory Gilmore on the television series "Gilmore Girls" (2000–07), for which she received nominations for Satellite, Teen Choice and Young Artist Awards.
 Bledel made her feature film debut as Winnie Foster in "Tuck Everlasting" (2002), and has since appeared in "Sin City" (2005), "Post Grad" (2009), and as Lena Kaligaris in "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants" film series.
 Bledel reprised her role as Rory Gilmore in the Netflix reunion miniseries "" (2016).
 She won a Primetime Emmy Award for her work on the Hulu drama series "The Handmaid's Tale".
Sarah Charles Lewis (born August 2004) is an American actress.
 She played Winnie Foster in the musical "Tuck Everlasting" on Broadway.
"Teach Me Tonight" is the 19th episode of season 2 of "Gilmore Girls".
 First airing on April 30, 2002, the episode features Rory attempting to tutor Jess and ending up in a car accident as a result, while Lorelai chooses a movie for the town's local movie festival.
 "Teach Me Tonight" explores the character of Jess, his relationship with Rory and Lorelai's opinion of this.
 The episode has received positive reviews from critics, is ranked reasonably highly on several critics' lists of "Gilmore Girls" episodes, and originally aired to 5.1 million viewers.
"Wedding Bell Blues" is the thirteenth episode of the fifth season of the American comedy-drama series "Gilmore Girls" and the show's 100th episode overall.
 Written and directed by series creator Amy Sherman-Palladino, the episode was originally broadcast on The WB in the United States on February 8, 2005.
 The episode features the renewal of vows by Emily (Kelly Bishop) and Richard Gilmore (Edward Herrmann).
 Their daughter Lorelai Gilmore (Lauren Graham) and their granddaughter Rory Gilmore (Alexis Bledel) serve as maid of honor and best man, respectively.
 "Wedding Bell Blues" received positive reviews from television critics.
Emily Gilmore is a fictional character who appears in the American comedy-drama television series "Gilmore Girls" (2000 – 2007) and its revival "" (2016) as the matriarch of the eponymous Gilmore family.
 Portrayed by actress Kelly Bishop, the character was created by series creator Amy Sherman-Palladino in order to add a more tragic element to the show's comedic nature.
 Emily has had a complicated relationship with her daughter Lorelai ever since the character runs away from home upon giving birth to her daughter Rory at age 16.
 They remain estranged for several years until Lorelai asks her parents to help pay for Rory's schooling, to which Emily agrees on the condition that her daughter and granddaughter visit her and her husband Richard for dinner every Friday evening.
Carole "Kelly" Bishop (born February 28, 1944) is an American actress and dancer, best known for her roles as matriarch Emily Gilmore on the series "Gilmore Girls" and as Marjorie Houseman, the mother of Jennifer Grey's Frances "Baby" Houseman in the film "Dirty Dancing."
 Bishop created the role of Sheila in "A Chorus Line," for which she won a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical.
 She also starred as Fanny Flowers in the ABC Family short-lived comedy-drama series "Bunheads."
Paul Michael (August 15, 1926 – July 8, 2011) was an American actor.
 He was a regular guest star on American television appearing in "Kojak", "Hill Street Blues", "Alias", "Gilmore Girls" and "Frasier".
 He played a cop in the Hollywood movie "Batman".
 He also played King Johnny Romano on "Dark Shadows".
 He was also in movies such as "Mask of the Red Death" and the TV movie "Where There's a Will".
 He was best known for his appearances on Broadway where he frequently played the title role in "Zorba the Greek", Tevia in "Fiddler on the Roof", and the barber in "The Man of La Mancha".
 He danced in "Bells are Ringing" with Vivian Leigh.
Daniel Palladino is one of the producers of the American animated sitcom "Family Guy".
 Palladino is also a former producer, writer, and director for the American dramedy "Gilmore Girls, "he executive produced "The Return of Jezebel James", and was a consulting producer, writer, and director for the sitcom "Bunheads."
 He is married to television writer and producer Amy Sherman-Palladino, the creator of "Gilmore Girls, The Return of Jezebel James", and "Bunheads".
