Brad Elterman is a professional photographer from Beverly Hills, California, who addressed the rock 'n' roll lifestyle in Hollywood encompassing pop, punk and rock bands that included the Faces with Rod Stewart, David Bowie, Robert Plant, Sex Pistols, the Runaways, Bebe Buell, Kiss, Queen, Blondie, the Ramones, Bay City Rollers, ABBA, Boney M, Kenny Rogers, The Who, Leif Garrett, Michael Jackson, among others.
 Some of the magazines, newspapers and other publications that he contributed to include "Creem", "Circus", "Rolling Stone", "People", "Hit Parader", "New York Post", "National Enquirer", "New Musical Express", and "Melody Maker".
Just... Fabulous Rock 'n' Roll is a studio album by Cliff Richard, released 11 November 2016.
 The album continues the rock 'n' roll theme of his previous studio album "The Fabulous Rock 'n' Roll Songbook".
 It comprises covers of 14 classic rock 'n' roll songs and one new song "It's Better to Dream".
 It features Elvis Presley in duet with Richard in "Blue Suede Shoes" and Peter Frampton on guitar in "Dimples".
 The album reached number 4 on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Gold for sales over 100,000 in the UK.
It's Only Rock 'n Roll is the 12th British and 14th American studio album by The Rolling Stones, released in 1974.
 It was the last Rolling Stones album for guitarist Mick Taylor and the songwriting and recording of the album's title track had a connection to Taylor's eventual replacement, Ronnie Wood.
 The album also marked the 10th anniversary since the release of the band's debut album, "The Rolling Stones".
 "It's Only Rock 'n Roll" has a firmer rock sound than the band's previous album, the more funk - and soul - inspired "Goats Head Soup".
 "It's Only Rock 'n Roll" reached #1 in the US and #2 in the UK.
"Feelin' Satisfied" is a 1978 song written by Tom Scholz for the Boston band album "Don't Look Back".
 Paul Grein of "Billboard" described the song as "an affectionate tribute to the power of music."
 The same magazine later described the song as an "upbeat track which is totally rock 'n' roll," praising the "clear singing" and "fresh sounds."
 Terry Hazlett of The "Observer-Reporter" described the song as an "innocent little [ditty]" which comes across like a "rock 'n' roll anthem."
.
 AXS contributor Bill Craig describes the lyrics as being about "the wonders of rock music."
 Pete Bishop of "The Pittsburgh Press" claimed that it has "an infectious happy feel."
 "Ultimate Classic Rock" critic Michael Gallucci described it as a "simple" song that, in common with many Boston songs, "celebrates rock 'n' roll."
 Gallucci rated it Boston's 8th greatest song, particularly praising the effect from the hand claps during the refrain.
 Paul Elliott rated it their 7th greatest song, commenting on its "sense of fun" as Scholz lets go of some of his usual control.
"Rock 'n' Roll Lifestyle" (also known as "How Do You Afford Your Rock 'n' Roll Lifestyle") is the debut single by Sacramento alternative rock band Cake.
 This song was first played by KWOD (now known as KUDL).
 It was later released on Cake's debut album, "Motorcade of Generosity".
 Only 500 copies were issued.
"Rock 'n' Roll Star" is a song by English rock band Oasis.
 It is the opening track from their record breaking debut album, "Definitely Maybe".
 Like the majority of the band's songs from this era, it was written by lead guitarist Noel Gallagher.
 Noel said that "Rock 'n' Roll Star" was one of only three songs in which he wanted to say something: "I've pretty much summed up everything I wanted to say in "Rock 'n' Roll Star", "Live Forever" and "Cigarettes & Alcohol", after that I'm repeating myself, but in a different way".
 It became a fan favourite and was often played to close the band's gigs.
Rock 'n' Roll Circus is the eleventh studio album by Japanese recording artist Ayumi Hamasaki.
 It was released on April 14, 2010, by Avex Trax.
 It was also released just a little over a year after her 2009 album, "Next Level".
 "Rock 'n' Roll Circus" marks Hamasaki's eleventh consecutive album to be fully produced by Japanese producer and manager Max Matsuura, while she contributes to the album as the lead vocalist, background vocalist, and songwriter to all songs.
 Recorded in Japanese with minor phrases in English, "Rock 'n' Roll Circus" is a rock album with numerous musical elements such as electropop, J-pop, rock, pop ballad, and dance music.
"I Hate Rock 'n' Roll" is a song by the Scottish alternative rock group The Jesus and Mary Chain.
 It was the first single from the band's compilation album, "Hate Rock 'n' Roll".
 It was released together with 3 other tracks by Blanco y Negro Records in June 1995 and reached #61 in the UK single charts.
 This release was the last release for the band on this label.
 The 10" format was numbered and limited to 5000 copies.
 The reworked version of the track, which was dubbed as "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" was also included on the group's last album "Munki", released in 1998.
World Rock 'n' Roll Confederation (WRRC) was registered in 1984, although its history traces to 1974.
 It is an umbrella organization for national professional and amateur Rock and Roll dancesport federations.
 Its statute that it "aims at promoting the physical training of its members by means of sporting activities in the form of Rock 'n' Roll dance tournaments, including the acrobatic variations (acrobatic rock 'n' roll) as well as Rock 'n' Roll and Boogie Woogie, Lindy Hop, Formation and alternative styles in line with the rules and sporting presentations".
 The registered office is in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Rock 'n' Roll Singer is the debut solo EP from Mark Kozelek.
 The EP was released on June 13, 2000, and was released while Kozelek's final album with his previous band Red House Painters (the 1998 album "Old Ramon", which didn't get a release until 2001) was in limbo with record label mergers.
 "Rock 'n' Roll Singer" contains three original tracks and four covers: "Rock 'n' Roll Singer," "You Ain't Got a Hold on Me," and "Bad Boy Boogie" originally by AC/DC, and "Around and Around" originally by John Denver.
