Jonathan Myrick Daniels (March 20, 1939 – August 20, 1965) was an Episcopal seminarian and civil rights activist.
 In 1965 he was assassinated by a shotgun-wielding construction worker, Tom Coleman, who was a special county deputy, in Hayneville, Alabama while in the act of shielding 17-year-old Ruby Sales.
 He saved the life of the young black civil rights activist.
 They both were working in the Civil Rights Movement in Lowndes County to integrate public places and register black voters after passage of the Voting Rights Act that summer.
 Daniels' death generated further support for the Civil Rights Movement.
James Edward Orange (October 29, 1942 – February 16, 2008) was a pastor and a leading civil rights activist in the Civil Rights Movement in America.
 He was assistant to Martin Luther King Jr. in the civil rights movement.
 Orange joined the civil rights marches led by King and Ralph Abernathy in Atlanta in 1963.
 Later he became a project coordinator for Southern Christian Leadership Conference, drawing young people into the movement.
Howard Schomer (June 9, 1915 – June 28, 2001) was a United Nations Commission on Human Rights aide, Civil Rights activist, scholar, drafter of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and editor-at-large for Christian Century.
 He received a B.S. from Harvard College in 1937; a D.D. from the Chicago Theological Seminary in 1954, and was ordained as a minister in the United Church of Christ in 1941.
 He was assigned to Civilian Public Service for refusing his ministerial exemption from the draft in World War II as a conscientious objector.
 Schomer was a close associate of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and remained a Civil Rights activist for his entire life.
Septima Poinsette Clark (May 3, 1898 – December 15, 1987) was an American educator and civil rights activist.
 Clark developed the literacy and citizenship workshops that played an important role in the drive for voting rights and civil rights for African Americans in the Civil Rights Movement.
 Septima Clark's work was commonly under appreciated by Southern male activists.
 She became known as the "Queen mother" or "Grandmother" of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.
 Martin Luther King, Jr. commonly referred to Clark as "The Mother of the Movement".
 Clark's argument for her position in the Civil Rights Movement was one that claimed "knowledge could empower marginalized groups in ways that formal legal equality couldn't."
Karen K. Narasaki (born April 4, 1958) is an American civil rights leader and human rights activist.
 In July 2014 President Barack Obama appointed Narasaki to serve as a Commissioner on the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
 She is the former president and executive director of the Asian Americans Advancing Justice | AAJC.
 Advancing Justice | AAJC is a Washington, D.C.-based, nonprofit civil rights organization whose mission is to advance the human and civil rights of Asian Pacific Americans through advocacy, public policy, public education and litigation.
 Prior to her post at AAJC, she served as the Washington, D.C. representative to the Japanese American Citizens League.
Alice Ruth Moore Dunbar Nelson (July 19, 1875 – September 18, 1935) was an American poet, journalist and political activist.
 Among the first generation born free in the South after the Civil War, she was one of the prominent African Americans involved in the artistic flourishing of the Harlem Renaissance.
 Her first husband was the poet Paul Laurence Dunbar; she then married physician Henry A. Callis; and last married Robert J. Nelson, a poet and civil rights activist.
Myrlie Louise Evers–Williams (née Beasley; born March 17, 1933) is an American civil rights activist of the Civil Rights Movement and journalist who worked for over three decades to seek justice for the murder of her civil rights activist husband Medgar Evers in 1963.
 She was also chairwoman of the NAACP, and published several books on topics related to civil rights and her husband’s legacy.
 On January 21, 2013, she delivered the invocation at the second inauguration of Barack Obama.
Kwak Yi-kyong (곽이경 , born 1979) is a South Korean LGBT human rights activist, civil rights activist, and labor rights activist.
 From 2012 to the present, she has been a representative of Solidarity for LGBT Human Rights of Korea(SLRK).
Maya Angelou ( ; born Marguerite Annie Johnson; April 4, 1928 – May 28, 2014) was an American poet, memoirist, and civil rights activist.
 She published seven autobiographies, three books of essays, several books of poetry, and was credited with a list of plays, movies, and television shows spanning over 50 years.
 She received dozens of awards and more than 50 honorary degrees.
 Angelou is best known for her series of seven autobiographies, which focus on her childhood and early adult experiences.
 The first, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings" (1969), tells of her life up to the age of 17 and brought her international recognition and acclaim.
Jacob "Jake" C. White Jr. (1837 – November 11, 1902) was an American educator, intellectual, and civil rights activist.
 Born to a successful and influential businessman, White received the finest education afforded to African-Americans of the time and became intertwined in the dealings of Philadelphia's most prominent black leaders.
 The first black man in the city to be appointed as a school principal, White is recognized for his position at Roberts Vaux Consolidated School.
 During his tenure between 1864 and 1896, White reformed the institute and became the leading figure in the field of urban education in Philadelphia.
 Alongside his academic endeavors, White was significant in the sports field: he helped establish the Philadelphia Pythians, an early black baseball club.
 Following the shooting of his friend and fellow activist Octavius Catto in 1871, White became the top civil rights activist in the city, and remained active in the community until his death in 1902.
