Thorismund (Gothic: Þaurismoþs, also Thorismod or Thorismud, as manuscripts of our chief source confusingly attest), ( 420 – 453) became king of the Visigoths after his father Theodoric was killed in the Battle of the Catalaunian Plains in 451 CE.
 He was murdered in 453 and was succeeded by his brother Theodoric II.
Gondioc (Proto-Germanic: "*Gunþawīgaz" ; died 473), also called "Gundioc" and "Gundowech", was King of the Burgundians following the destruction of Worms by the Huns in 436, succeeding Gundahar.
 In 451, Gondioc joined forces with Flavius Aetius against Attila, the king of the Huns, on the Catalaunian Plains.
 Gondioc married the sister of Ricimer, the Gothic general at the time ruling the Western Roman Empire.
The Nomadic Tribes and Denotified Tribes consist of about 60 million people in India, out of which about five million live in the state of Maharashtra.
 There are 315 Nomadic Tribes and 198 Denotified Tribes.
The Sanapana are one of many nomadic tribes inhabiting the lower Gran Chaco of western Paraguay.
 With the introduction of Mennonite settlements in the central Chaco in the 1930s, many nomadic tribes semi-settled near the Mennonites.
 The Mennonites established Missions to many of these tribes, often grouping linguistically similar tribes nearby.
 The Sanapana and Lengua were settled on La Esperanza mission, southeast of Filadelfia, just off the Pan-American Highway.
 The Lengua, in their tongue, refer to themselves as "Enhlit," which means "the people."
 The Sanapana refer to themselves as "Nenhlet," which also means "the people."
 A standard conversation among the Sanapana-Lengua often includes words from their language, mixed with Spanish and Guaraní, the national languages of Paraguay, and some Low German, the primary language of the Mennonites.
Theodoric I ( 390 or 393 – 20 or 24 June 451) was the King of the Visigoths from 418 to 451.
 An illegitimate son of Alaric, Theodoric is famous for his part in defeating Attila at the Battle of the Catalaunian Plains in 451, where he was killed on June 20.
Sudanese nomadic conflicts are non-state conflicts between rival nomadic tribes taking place in the territory of Sudan and, since 2011, South Sudan.
 Conflict between nomadic tribes in Sudan is common, with fights breaking out over scarce resources, including grazing land, cattle and drinking water.
 Some of the tribes involved in these clashes have been the Messiria, Maalia, Rizeigat and Bani Hussein Arabic tribes inhabiting Darfur and West Kordofan, and the Dinka, Nuer and Murle African ethnic groups inhabiting South Sudan.
 Conflicts have been fueled by other major wars taking place in the same regions, in particular the Second Sudanese Civil War, the War in Darfur and the Sudanese conflict in South Kordofan and Blue Nile.
The Visigoths ( ; ; Latin: "Visigothi", "Wisigothi", "Vesi", "Visi", "Wesi", or "Wisi" ; Italian: "Visigoti" ) were the western branches of the nomadic tribes of Germanic peoples referred to collectively as the Goths.
 These tribes flourished and spread throughout the late Roman Empire in Late Antiquity, or what is known as the Migration Period.
 The Visigoths emerged from earlier Gothic groups (possibly the Thervingi) who had invaded the Roman Empire beginning in 376 and had defeated the Romans at the Battle of Adrianople in 378.
 Relations between the Romans and the Visigoths were variable, alternately warring with one another and making treaties when convenient.
 The Visigoths invaded Italy under Alaric I and sacked Rome in 410.
 After the Visigoths sacked Rome, they began settling down, first in southern Gaul and eventually in Spain and Portugal, where they founded the Visigothic Kingdom and maintained a presence from the 5th to the 8th centuries AD.
Scythian art is art, primarily decorative objects, such as jewellery, produced by the nomadic tribes in the area known to the ancient Greeks as Scythia, which was centred on the Pontic-Caspian steppe and ranged from modern Kazakhstan to the Baltic coast of modern Poland and to Georgia.
 The identities of the nomadic peoples of the steppes is often uncertain, and the term "Scythian" should often be taken loosely; the art of nomads much further east than the core Scythian territory exhibits close similarities as well as differences, and terms such as the "Scytho-Siberian world" are often used.
 Other Eurasian nomad peoples recognised by ancient writers, notably Herodotus, include the Massagetae, Sarmatians, and Saka, the last a name from Persian sources, while ancient Chinese sources speak of the Xiongnu or Hsiung-nu.
 Modern archaeologists recognise, among others, the Pazyryk, Tagar, and Aldy-Bel cultures, with the furthest east of all, the later Ordos culture a little west of Beijing.
 The art of these peoples is collectively known as steppes art.
The history of Phoenix, Arizona goes back millennia, beginning with nomadic paleo-Indians who existed in the Americas in general, and the Salt River Valley in particular, about 9,000 years ago until about 6,000 BC.
 Hunters, their primary prey were mammoths.
 As that prey moved eastward, they followed, vacating the area.
 Other nomadic tribes (archaic Indians) moved into the area, mostly from Mexico to the south and California to the west.
 Around approximately 1,000 BC, the nomadic began to be accompanied by two other types of cultures, commonly called the farmers and the villagers, prompted by the introduction of maize into their culture.
 Out of these archaic Indians, the Hohokam civilization arose.
 The Hohokam first settled the area around 1 AD, and in about 500 years, they had begun to establish the canal system which enabled agriculture to flourish in the area.
 They suddenly disappeared by 1450, for unknown reasons.
 By the time the first Europeans arrived at the beginning of the 16th century, the two main groups of native Indians who inhabited the area were the O'odham and Sobaipuri tribes.
The Battle of the Catalaunian Plains (or Fields), also called the Battle of the Campus Mauriacus, Battle of Châlons or the Battle of Maurica, took place on June 20, 451 AD, between a coalition led by the Roman general Flavius Aetius and the Visigothic king Theodoric I against the Huns and their vassals commanded by their king Attila.
 It was one of the last major military operations of the Western Roman Empire, although Germanic foederati composed the majority of the coalition army.
 Whether the battle was strategically conclusive is disputed: The Romans stopped the Huns' attempt to establish vassals in Roman Gaul, and installed Merovech as king of the Franks.
 However, the Huns successfully looted and pillaged much of Gaul and crippled the military capacity of the Romans and Visigoths.
 The Hunnic Empire was later dismantled by a coalition of their Germanic vassals at the Battle of Nedao in 454.
