Forward Operating Base Delhi massacre are murders that occurred on August 10, 2012 at the Forward Operating Base Delhi within Garmsir village, Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
 A young man, who had been allowed to live on the base, killed three unarmed US Marines and one marine was also severely injured.
Camp Al-Saqr, referred to by some media sources as Camp Falcon, Forward Operating Base Falcon, Joint Service Station (JSS) Falcon, or Combat Outpost Falcon, was a United States military forward operating base in Iraq a short distance outside Baghdad, some 13 km south of the Green Zone.
 In OIF 2004; it was designated as "Camp Ferrin-Huggins".
 s of 2009 , the base housed up to 5,000 troops.
Forward Operating Base Inkerman or more simply FOB Inkerman is a former Forward Operating Base in Afghanistan operated by the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) under Operation Herrick (OP H), it was located 6 mi north east of Sangin.
Forward Operating Base Lagman or more simply FOB Lagman is a former forward operating base operated by both the United States and Romanian Armed Forces in Afghanistan.
Forward Operating Base Arnhem or more simply FOB Arnhem is a former International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) Forward operating base which was located in Nahri Saraj District, Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
Forward Operating Base Iskandariyah (Arabic:إسكندرية), or FOB Iskandariyah, was a United States military forward operating base located on the grounds of the Musayyib Power Plant and the banks of the Euphrates River, north of the town of Musayyib, Babil Governorate, Iraq from 2003 to 2009.
The Forward Operating Base Marez bombing took place on December 21, 2004.
 Fourteen U.S. soldiers, four U.S. citizen Halliburton employees, and four Iraqi soldiers allied with the U.S. military were killed in an attack on a dining hall at the Forward Operating Base next to the main U.S. military airfield at Mosul.
Forward Operating Base Hamidullah or more simply FOB Hamidullah is a former Forward Operating Base in Afghanistan operated by the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) under Operation Herrick (OP H) and Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF).
Forward Operating Base Loyalty is a former forward operating base used by the U.S. Army during Operation Iraqi Freedom and located in the New Baghdad District (Arabic,بغداد الجديدة) of Baghdad, Iraq
Forward Operating Base Salerno is a former forward operating base used by the U.S. military from 2002–2013 during Operation Enduring Freedom.
 Located in the southeastern province of Khost, Afghanistan, near the city of Khost, FOB Salerno was nicknamed "Rocket City" for the numerous rocket and mortar indirect fire attacks targeting the base over the ten years that US forces occupied to post.
 On November 1, 2013, U.S. forces withdrew from FOB Salerno and transferred control of the installation to the Afghan National Army.
