The Insiders were a professional wrestling tag team in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) composed of Diamond Dallas Page and Kevin Nash.
 Together, the two wrestlers won the WCW World Tag Team Championship twice; the reigns were Nash's eighth and ninth and Page's third and fourth.
 Nash had previously been tag team champion six times with Scott Hall and once with Sting while Page's two other reigns were as part of the Jersey Triad with Kanyon and Bam Bam Bigelow.
Kensuke Shinzaki (新崎 健介 "Shinzaki Kensuke", born December 2, 1966) is a Japanese professional wrestler and professional wrestling executive, better known by his ring name, Jinsei Shinzaki (新崎 人生 "Shinzaki Jinsei").
 He is the president of the Michinoku Pro Wrestling promotion, as well as being the sole heavyweight wrestler on the roster.
 Shinzaki is also known for his appearances with other Japanese promotions such as All Japan Pro Wrestling, New Japan Pro Wrestling and Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling and in the United States with the World Wrestling Federation from 1994 to 1996 under the ring name Hakushi.
Steven Stewart (born November 30, 1965), known by his ring name Bart Sawyer, is an American retired professional wrestler, color commentator, and occasional actor.
 He is best known for his time in Championship Wrestling USA and the United States Wrestling Association during the 1990s.
 In his career, Sawyer also wrestled for Extreme Canadian Championship Wrestling, House of Pain Wrestling Federation, Memphis Wrestling, NWA Georgia, NWA Main Event, NWA Worldwide, World Xtreme Wrestling and W*ING.
 Additionally, he competed as a preliminary wrestler in World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation.
Jesús Guillermo Anaya Cortés is a Mexican luchador, or professional wrestler, best known under the ring name "Bam Bam", a Mini-Estrella, or "Mini" wrestler.
 Anaya made his professional wrestling debut in 2002 and has worked mainly for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), where he is a former CMLL World Mini-Estrella Champion.
 He is the son of professional wrestler Popitekus, Jr. who also helped train him for his pro wrestling career.
The Jersey Triad was a triumvirate stable active in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) from mid-to-late 1999.
 The group consisted of Diamond Dallas Page, Chris Kanyon and Bam Bam Bigelow.
 Their name came from the members being billed from New Jersey (although Kanyon was actually from New York).
A ladder match is a type of match in professional wrestling, most commonly one where an item (usually a title belt) is hung above the ring, and the winner is the contestant who climbs a ladder and retrieves the item.
 The ladder itself becomes a key feature of the match, as wrestlers will use the ladder as a weapon to strike the opponent(s), as a launching pad for acrobatic attacks, and frequently these matches include impressive falls from the top of the ladder.
 However, there were very few matches in which the hung item must be used in a special manner in order to win the match, such as striking the opponent with the item (see Bam Bam Bigelow Vs. Scott Hall taser match, where one must strike the opponent with the taser, regardless of who retrieved the taser first).
Curtis Michael Hennig (March 28, 1958 – February 10, 2003) was an American professional wrestler, manager, and color commentator who performed under his real name for the American Wrestling Association (AWA), the World Wrestling Federation (now WWE), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
 In the WWF, he found his greatest success as Mr. Perfect, a nickname introduced in his second run with the company which gradually became his official ring name.
 Hennig used the same ring name in his third and final run.
 However, his real name was widely acknowledged.
 He is the son of wrestler Larry "The Axe" Hennig, and father of current WWE wrestler Curtis Axel.
Scott Charles Bigelow (September 1, 1961 – January 19, 2007) was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Bam Bam Bigelow.
 Recognizable by his close to 400 lb frame and the distinctive flame tattoo that spanned most of his bald head, Bigelow was described by WWE in 2013 as "the most natural, agile and physically remarkable big man of the past quarter century."
Lisa Mary Moretti (born November 26, 1961) is an American retired professional wrestler.
 She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE, previously the World Wrestling Federation) between 1999 and 2005 under the ring name Ivory.
 Moretti began her career and first found national exposure in the independent promotion Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling (GLOW), where she performed as Tina Ferrari from the mid-to-late-1980s.
 Moretti debuted in the World Wrestling Federation in 1999 as the manager for D'Lo Brown & Mark Henry.
 She won the WWE Women's Championship twice, before becoming a part of the villainous Right to Censor, a storyline stable of characters with harshly conservative sociopolitical views.
Norberto Salgado Salcedo (born March 10, 1958) is a retired Mexican luchador (professional wrestler), best known under the ring name Pierroth Jr.
 Salgado made his professional wrestling debut on July 1, 1984, working as an Luchador Enmascarado, or masked wrestler, using the name Pierroth Jr.
 Over the years Salgado has worked for Mexican professional wrestling promotions Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), and International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) as well as making several tours with the Puerto Rico-based World Wrestling Council (WWC).
 In 1997 and 1998 Salgado made several appearances for the World Wrestling Federation as part of the AAA/WWF talent exchange agreement between the two companies.
 He lost his mask as a result of losing a match to La Parka.
 In the late 1990s Pierroth became "Comandante Pierroth", leader of a faction of Puerto Rican wrestlers in CMLL known as "Los Boricuas", despite being born in Mexico.
 After having suffered a stroke in november 2008 Salgado retired from wrestling.
