Trash Box is a 5-CD box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings, primarily by American bands.
 This box set is similar to the earlier "Pebbles Box" (a 5-LP box set) and includes almost all of the same recordings in that box set (and in the same order), along with numerous bonus tracks at the end of each disc.
 Supposedly, "the Trash Box" collects the first five volumes of the CDs in the Pebbles series (i.e., those released by AIP Records, not to be confused with the 4 earlier CDs that were issued by ESD Records).
 However, as is generally true of the CD reissues of these five volumes (though not nearly to the same extent), the tracks differ significantly on all five discs as compared to both the original Pebbles LPs and the later Pebbles CDs in the corresponding volumes; and the surf rock rarities on "Pebbles, Volume 4" have been eschewed entirely.
 Overall, there are 109 tracks in the box set (excluding the introduction and ending cuts) as compared to 101 songs on the individual CDs and 72 tracks in the "Pebbles Box".
 Although most of the recordings on "the Trash Box" were released at some point on one of the individual Pebbles albums, several of the songs have not appeared elsewhere in the Pebbles series.
 Inexplicably, one of these songs is the well-known hit "I Fought the Law (but the Law Won)" by the Bobby Fuller Four (on Disc Four) – which is also included in the "Pebbles Box" – in place of the much rarer "Wine Wine Wine" by Bobby Fuller that appears on "Pebbles, Volume 2".
Randall "Randy" Fuller (January 29, 1944) is an American rock singer, songwriter, and bass player best known for his work in the popular 60s rock group the Bobby Fuller Four with his older brother, Bobby Fuller.
Markus Michael Patrick Feehily (formerly known as Mark Feehily, born 28 May 1980) is an Irish singer and songwriter.
 He was one of the lead singers of the boy band Westlife from 1998 to 2012.
Fire is the debut solo studio album by Irish singer-songwriter and former Westlife vocalist Markus Feehily.
 The album was released on October 16, 2015, via Harmoney Entertainment, as part of the Kobalt Music Group.
 The album includes the singles "Love is a Drug" and "Butterfly".
The Bobby Fuller Four (sometimes stylized as Bobby Fuller 4) was a popular mid-1960s American rock & roll band started by Bobby Fuller.
 With its first incarnation formed in 1962 in El Paso, Texas, the group went on to produce some of its most memorable hits under Mustang Records in Hollywood, California.
 The band's most successful songs include "Let Her Dance", "I Fought the Law", and "Love's Made a Fool of You."
James Gordon Reese, Jr., simply known as Jim Reese, (7 December 1941 – 26 October 1991) was a longtime member of the famed rock and roll band, The Bobby Fuller Four.
 Being virtuosic at a variety of instruments, he is perhaps best known for his guitar work (both lead and rhythm).
 He provided backing vocals and rhythm guitar to the Bobby Fuller Four's greatest hit, "I Fought the Law."
Lily Elise (born February 20, 1991) is a singer, songwriter from Berkeley, California.
 Elise has worked with artists such as Dillon Francis, Twin Shadow, Felix Cartal, Audra Mae, Gigi Radics, Markus Feehily and Hayden Panettiere.
 On November 4, 2014, she released the lead single "Generator," from her debut EP "Taken".
Bobby Fuller Died for Your Sins is an album by recording artist and singer/songwriter Chuck Prophet.
 It was released on February 10, 2017 on Yep Roc Records.
 Chuck Prophet has described the album as :California Noir", elaborating: "the state has always represented the Golden Dream, and it's the tension between romance and reality that lurks underneath the surface in all noir films and paperbacks, and that connects these songs.
 Doomed love, inconsolable loneliness, rags to riches to rags again, and fast-paced violence are always on the menu on the Left Coast."
 The title of the album refers to the mystery long surrounding Bobby Fuller, a well regarded musician in the mid-1960s.
 Found dead in his car at 23 years old, his death was ruled a suicide but still the topic of controversy, doubt and speculation.
"I Fought the Law" is a song written by Sonny Curtis of the Crickets and popularized by a cover by the Bobby Fuller Four, which went on to become a top-ten hit for the band in 1966 and was also recorded by the Clash in 1979.
 The Bobby Fuller Four version of this song was ranked No. 175 on the "Rolling Stone" list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time in 2004, and the same year was named one of the 500 "Songs that Shaped Rock" by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
"Love Is a Drug" is a song by Irish singer and songwriter and former member of Westlife Markus Feehily.
 The song was released in the United Kingdom as a digital download On 19 April 2015 through Harmoney Entertainment.
 It was released as the lead single from his debut studio album "Fire" (2015).
 The song was written by Markus Feehily, Steve Anderson and Tinashé Fazakerley; and produced by Mojam.
 The song has peaked at number 65 on the Irish Singles Chart and number 55 on the UK Singles Chart.
