Dehradun ( ) or Dehra Dun is the capital city of Uttarakhand, a state in the northern part of India.
 Located in the Garhwal region, it lies 236 km north of India's capital New Delhi and is one of the "Counter Magnets" of the National Capital Region (NCR) being developed as an alternative centre of growth to help ease the migration and population explosion in the Delhi metropolitan area and creation highways to establish a smart city at Dehradun.
Ghorahi (Nepali: घोराही उपमहानगरपालिका) is the largest sub-metropolitan and seventh largest city of Nepal.
 The city (formerly Tribhuvannagar) lies in Province no 5 in Mid-Western part of Nepal .
It is the largest city of Dang Deukhuri District of southwest Nepal.
 Located in the Inner Terai region, it lies 413 kilometres (257 mi) south-west of Nepal's capital Kathmandu and is one of the "Counter Magnets" being developed as an alternative centre of growth to help ease the migration and population explosion in the Kathmandu metropolitan area.It is the largest city of Rapti Region and is surrounded by the Sivalik in the south and Mahabharat range of Hills in the north.
Ludhiana is a city and a municipal corporation in Ludhiana district in the Indian state of Punjab, and is the largest city north of Delhi.
 It is the largest city in the state, with an area of 310sq.
 km and an estimated population of 1,789,650 as of the 2015.
 The population increases substantially during the harvesting season due to the migration of labourers from the eastern states of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Odisha.
 The city stands on the Sutlej River's old bank, 13 km south of its present course.
 It is an industrial centre of northern India, and was referred to as India's Manchester by the BBC.
Season of Migration to the North (Arabic: موسم الهجرة إلى الشمال‎ ‎ Mawsim al-Hiǧra ilā ash-Shamāl ) is a classic post-colonial Sudanese novel by the novelist Tayeb Salih.
 Originally published in Arabic in 1966, it has since been translated into more than twenty languages.
 Salih was fluent in both English and Arabic, but chose to pen this novel in Arabic.
 The English translation was published in 1969 as part of the influential Heinemann African Writers Series.
 The novel is a counter narrative to "Heart of Darkness".
 It was described by Edward Said as one of the six great novels in Arabic literature.
 In 2001 it was selected by a panel of Arab writers and critics as the most important Arab novel of the twentieth century.
Lake Fehér is a lake of Hungary.
 It is named Fehér (White), because it is white.
 It is a part of Kiskunság National Park, and it is situated just north of the town of Szeged.
 It covers an area of 14 square kilometres.
 Lake Fehér is Hungary's largest saltwater lake.
 It is carefully protected because it is home to 280 species of bird and because of its ancient flora.
 The area is an important stop in the migration of European birds, and serves as a resting and feeding place for them.
 During the migration season, crowds of cranes, wild geese, and teal varieties are visible on Lake Fehér.
Heart of Darkness (1899) is a novella by Polish-British novelist Joseph Conrad, about a voyage up the Congo River into the Congo Free State, in the heart of Africa, by the story's narrator Charles Marlow.
 Marlow tells his story to friends aboard a boat anchored on the River Thames, London, England.
 This setting provides the frame for Marlow's story of his obsession with the ivory trader Kurtz, which enables Conrad to create a parallel between London and Africa as places of darkness.
Tatsuhiro Ōshiro (大城 立裕 , Ōshiro Tatsuhiro , born 19 September 1925) is a Japanese novelist and playwright.
 He was awarded the Akutagawa Prize in 1967 for his novella of the same year, "The Cocktail Party", which has been adapted for the stage and made into a film.
 Ōshiro has also been an innovator of the traditional Ryukyuan narrative dance form known as kumi odori.
 Having added twenty new pieces to the repertoire, Ōshiro is credited as having "single-handedly revived the genre that originated in the 18th century" by incorporating Okinawa shibai (dramas in the Okinawan language) and distinctive rhythms to construct a fluid, hybrid cultural identity.
 His writings have been noted for making Okinawan culture and history accessible to Japanese readership, while his more popular works have been critically praised for "offering an acute perspective on the psychological and moral implications of war and military occupation."
Haniel Clark Long (March 9, 1888 – October 17, 1956) was an American poet, novelist, publisher and academic.
 He is best known for his novella, "Interlinear to Cabeza de Vaca" (1936), a fictionalized account of the true story of a Spanish conquistador in 16th century North America.
Waiting for Happiness (original title: Heremakono) is a 2002 drama film written and directed by Abderrahmane Sissako.
 Main characters are a student, who has returned to his home in Nouadhibou, an electrician and his child apprentice, and the local women.
 The film is characterized by a succession of scenes of the daily life of the characters which are unique to their particular African and Arab cultures, while borrowing from tropes of Tayeb Saleh's Season of Migration to the North (موسم الهجرة إلى الشمال).
 The viewer must interpret the scenes without much help from narrator or plot, while the structure of the film hangs on a series of mundane but visually arresting moments, many of which are repeated in other works in Abderrahmane Sissako's opus, including scenes at a barber shop and a photo booth, also present in his earlier La Vie Sur Terre and later Timbuktu.
 The film presents typical Mauritanian moments of beauty, struggle, alienation, and humor, which are experienced by groups socially divided from each other, such as Bidhan women drinking tea and gossiping, West African migrants passing through Mauritania to get to Europe (and finding an unsuccessful comrade washed ashore).
 The young protagonist who has returned interacts with all of these groups as an outsider, as he struggles to remember even his own Hassaniya Arabic dialect, but prefers instead French.
 Many of the themes and characters presage Sissako's 2014 film Timbuktu, and both explore liminal Sahel identities authentically situated in everyday life.
 Waiting for Happiness premiered at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival in the Un Certain Regard section.
First North Americans are a series of historical fiction novels published by Tor and written by husband and wife co-authors W. Michael Gear & Kathleen O'Neal Gear.
 The series, which began with 1990's "People of the Wolf", explores various civilizations and cultures in prehistoric North America.
 It is comparable to Jean M. Auel's "Earth's Children" series, set in prehistoric Europe, but each of its books focuses on a different time period, location, and set of characters.
 The first four novels form a coherent, more or less linear narrative, from the initial migration of Siberian peoples into what is now Canada and Alaska (People of the Wolf) through the florescence of the Mississippian semi-urban mound-building culture, considered the "high-water mark" of North American pre-Columbian civilization, around 1000 AD.
 The remaining novels cover a wide variety of times and settings, in no particular order, ranging from tropical Florida in the 6th millennium BC to the Chaco Empire of the Southwest in the 13th century AD.
 The novels take into account new developments in North American archaeology such as the discovery of Kennewick Man and the development of the coastal-route model as a possible alternative or supplement to overland migration across Beringia.
