Hampden Park (often referred to as Hampden) is a football stadium in the Mount Florida area of Glasgow, Scotland.
 The 51,866 -capacity venue serves as the national stadium of football in Scotland.
 It is the normal home venue of the Scotland national football team and amateur Scottish league club Queen's Park F.C. and regularly hosts the latter stages of the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup competitions.
 It is also used for music concerts and other sporting events, such as when it was reconfigured as a athletics stadium for the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Potgietersrus Rugby Stadium is a stadium in Johannesburg, South Africa.
 It seats around 20,000 people.
 Previously it was used as home venue by the Katlehong City Football Club, but when the club was relegated from the National First Division in May 2002, they moved their home venue to another place in the Free State Province.
 Since then, the stadium has mostly been used to host various Rugby games in Johannesburg.
Veterans Memorial Stadium is a football stadium located in Pago Pago Park, in Pago Pago, American Samoa.
 The 10,000 capacity venue is one of the smallest stadiums in Oceania, and serves as American Samoa's national stadium.
 It is the home venue of the American Samoa national football team, hosting all of their home games.
 It is currently used mostly for matches in various football codes, such as soccer, rugby league, and the territory's most popular code, American football.
WrestleMania X8 was the eighteenth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF).
 It took place on March 17, 2002, at the SkyDome in Toronto, Canada, the second WrestleMania at that venue (following WrestleMania VI in 1990).
 The event marked the final WrestleMania event under the WWF name.
 The record-breaking attendance for the SkyDome of 68,237 grossed approximately $6.1 million CAD ($3.9 million USD).
 WrestleMania weekend also included WWF Fan Axxess at the Canadian National Exhibition's Automotive Building.
For the Summer and Winter Olympics, there are 27 venues that have been or will be used for figure skating.
 This is one of two sports in the Winter Olympics to debut in the Summer Olympics with ice hockey being the other.
 The first venue for the event took place during the 1908 Games was held indoors.
 Twelve years later, the venue joined ice hockey as another Winter Olympic sport in the Summer Olympics.
 For the first two Winter Olympics, figure skating was held outdoors.
 With figure skating being held outdoors, there were weather concerns with thawing for the first two Winter Games.
 A suggestion by International Olympic Committee President Count Henri de Baillet-Latour to 1932 Olympic Organizing Committee President Godfrey Dewey in September 1930 led Dewey to create the first indoor arena for the Winter Olympics.
 For the 1936 Games, the venue was covered partially.
 Following World War II, the 1948 venue became the first venue to be used twice at the Winter Olympics since it had been used twenty years earlier.
 Figure skating's final competition that took place outdoors was in 1956 though that venue has since had a roof added to it.
 Since 1960, all figure skating competitions have taken place indoors.
 Three National Hockey League (NHL) venues have hosted Olympic figure skating competitions: the 1988 (both venues) and the 2010 though the NHL Vancouver Canucks moved out of the 2010 venue following the 1994–95 season.
 The 2002 venue was a National Basketball Association (NBA) venue which meant the Utah Jazz was on a road trip during the 2002 Games.
The Boston Yanks were a National Football League team based in Boston, Massachusetts that played from 1944 to 1948.
 The team played its home games at Fenway Park.
 Any games that conflicted with the Boston Red Sox baseball schedule in the American League were held at Braves Field of the cross-town National League team, the Boston Braves.
 Team owner Ted Collins, who managed singer and TV show host Kate Smith, (1907-1986), for thirty years, picked the name "Yanks" because he originally wanted to run a team that played at New York City's old Yankee Stadium.
 The Yanks could manage only a losing 2–8 record during their first regular season.
The Mercedes-Benz Superdome, often referred to simply as the Superdome, is a domed sports and exhibition venue located in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.
 It primarily serves as the home venue for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL), and is also the home stadium for the Sugar Bowl and New Orleans Bowl in college football.
 Plans were drawn up in 1967 by the New Orleans modernist architectural firm of Curtis and Davis and the building opened as the Louisiana Superdome in 1975.
 Its steel frame covers a 13 acre expanse and the 273 ft dome is made of a lamellar multi-ringed frame and has a diameter of 680 ft , making it the largest fixed domed structure in the world.
 It is adjacent to the Smoothie King Center.
WrestleMania XXX (also written as WrestleMania 30) was the thirtieth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE.
 It took place on April 6, 2014, at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana.
 It was the first WWE event simultaneously broadcast live on pay-per-view television and WWE's new streaming media service, the WWE Network.
 Seven professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event's card and one pre-show match was streamed on the WWE Network.
The Boise Pilots were a minor league baseball team in the western United States, based in Boise, Idaho.
 They played in the Pioneer League for a total of 11 seasons between 1939 and 1954.
 They were unaffiliated with any major league team, and played at the Class C level.
 Their home venue was originally named Airway Park in 1939, and in 1952 was renamed Joe Devine Airway Park.
Atlanta Silverbacks Park is a soccer complex in unincorporated DeKalb County just outside of Atlanta.
 It was the home venue of the Atlanta Silverbacks club, which included the Silverbacks North American Soccer League team and the Atlanta Silverbacks Women of the W-League; it is also the home of the Atlanta Renegades of USA Rugby and the Atlanta Rhinos of USA Rugby League.
 The park includes a 5,000-seat soccer-specific stadium, which opened in 2006 and is designed for future expansion.
