Anne Shirley is a fictional character introduced in the 1908 novel "Anne of Green Gables" by Lucy Maud Montgomery.
 Montgomery wrote in her journal that the idea for Anne's story came from relatives who, planning to adopt an orphaned boy, received a girl instead.
 Anne Shirley's appearance was inspired by a photograph which Montgomery clipped from the Metropolitan Magazine and kept, unaware of the model's identity as the 1900s Gibson Girl Evelyn Nesbit.
Louis Coues Page (1869–1956) was a publisher in Boston, Massachusetts.
 Born in Zurich to American parents, he attended Harvard College and worked for Boston publishers Estes & Lauriat, 1891–1892.
 In 1896 he bought the Joseph Knight Company and renamed it L.C. Page & Company; around 1914 it became The Page Company.
 It issued works of "art, travel, music, belles lettres" and fiction for adults and children.
 It operated from offices on Beacon Street in Beacon Hill.
 Authors published by the firm included Bliss Carman, Julia Caroline Dorr, Lucy Maud Montgomery, and Eleanor H. Porter.
 In 1914 the Page Company acquired Dana Estes & Co.
L.M. Montgomery's Anne of Green Gables is a Canadian television film based on Lucy Maud Montgomery's novel of the same name.
 It first aired on YTV on February 15, 2016 and starred Ella Ballentine, Martin Sheen and Sara Botsford.
 Montgomery's granddaughter, Kate Macdonald Butler, was one of the film's executive producers.
 The film's world premiere was held February 2, 2016 at the Canadian Museum of History.
Emily's Quest is a novel and the last of the "Emily" trilogy by Lucy Maud Montgomery.
 After finishing "Emily Climbs", Montgomery suspended writing "Emily's Quest" and published "The Blue Castle"; she resumed writing and published in 1927.
Mollie Gillen (née Woolnough; 1908–2009) was an Australian historian, researcher, writer and novelist.
 Her work on the First Fleet, in "The search for John Small," "First Fleeter" and The Founders of Australia: A Biographical Dictionary of the First Fleet, explored the idea that many of the founding families of Australia were descended from the convict population, rather than those sent to guard them.
 Gillen's article Maud Montgomery: The Girl Who Wrote Green Gables instigated a new era in scholarship on Lucy Maud Montgomery.
Rea Wilmshurst (August 10, 1941 – March 22, 1996) graduated from the University of Toronto with a degree in English in 1970.
 She went on to edit eight volumes of Lucy Maud Montgomery's previously unknown short stories and publish them through McClelland & Stewart.
 In 1985, she published a bibliography of Montgomery's short stories, poems, and articles.
 Wilmshurst was also an editorial assistant for the projects that compiled the Collected Works of John Stuart Mill and the Collected Works of Samuel Taylor Coleridge.
Anne of Ingleside is a children's novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery.
 It was first published in July 1939 by McClelland and Stewart (Toronto) and the Frederick A. Stokes Company (New York).
 It is the tenth of eleven books that feature the character of Anne Shirley, and Montgomery's final published novel.
 (Two novels that occur later in the "Anne" chronology were actually published years earlier.
 As well, the short story collection "The Blythes Are Quoted", written in 1941/42, but not published until 2009, concludes the Anne chronology.)
Anne of Green Gables is a 1908 novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery (published as L. M. Montgomery).
 Written for all ages, it has been considered a children's novel since the mid-twentieth century.
 It recounts the adventures of Anne Shirley, an 11-year-old orphan girl who is mistakenly sent to Matthew and Marilla Cuthbert, a middle-aged brother and sister who had intended to adopt a boy to help them on their farm in the fictional town of Avonlea on Prince Edward Island.
 The novel recounts how Anne makes her way with the Cuthberts, in school, and within the town.
The Selected Journals of L. M. Montgomery, Vol.
 I–V, are the personal journals of famed Canadian author, Lucy Maud Montgomery (1874–1942).
Lucy Maud Montgomery {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (November 30, 1874 – April 24, 1942) published as L.M. Montgomery, was a Canadian author best known for a series of novels beginning in 1908 with "Anne of Green Gables".
 The book was an immediate success.
 The central character, Anne Shirley, an orphaned girl, made Montgomery famous in her lifetime and gave her an international following.
