Jaycen Joshua is a mix engineer who works at Larrabee Sound Studios in North Hollywood, California.
 Joshua started his mix career in 2006 when he became partners with his mentor Dave Pensado and formed The Penua Project.
 Joshua has won multiple Grammys and mixed many Grammy Award winning records such as "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" by Beyoncé and "Blame It" by Jamie Foxx, as well as over 60 #1 singles and albums.
 Joshua has worked with Mariah Carey, Justin Timberlake, Sean Combs, Jay-Z, Chris Brown, Miley Cyrus, Christina Aguilera, Mary J. Blige, Rihanna, R. Kelly, Celine Dion, J-Lo, T.I., Usher, Michael Jackson, Nicki Minaj, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg, Justin Bieber, Seal, Nas, Chris Brown and Whitney Houston.
 Joshua is managed by Terry Ross for Innersound Management, LLC.
David Ian "Joe" Jackson (born 11 August 1954) is an English musician and singer-songwriter.
 After years of studying music and playing clubs, Jackson's first release, "Is She Really Going Out with Him?
" became a hit in 1979.
 This was followed by a number of new wave singles before he moved to more jazz-inflected pop music and had a Top 10 hit in 1982 with "Steppin' Out".
 He has also composed classical music.
 He has recorded 19 studio albums and won 5 Grammy Award nominations throughout the course of his career.
Young Black Brotha is the 1993 debut LP by Mac Dre, not to be confused with an earlier Mac Dre release, "Young Black Brotha (EP)".
 The album contains several new recordings as well as most of the tracks from the rapper's previous EP, "What's Really Going On?"
, and three tracks from the sessions for "Back N' Da Hood", including the full version of "My Chevy" featuring Mac Mall - the first 1 and a half minutes appeared on the original EP.
 Some of Mac Dre's vocals were recorded over the phone from prison, after being incarcerated for a string of bank robberies in 1992.
 "Young Black Brotha" peaked at #93 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, making it Mac Dre's commercially most successful work.
Craig Pruess (born 1950) is an American composer, musician, arranger and gold & platinum record producer who has been living in Britain since 1973.
 His career has covered diverse areas including: record production for international stars such as Anu Malik, Sir Cliff Richard, Sarah Brightman, Sheila Walsh (whose first album, "War of Love" was produced and arranged by Craig and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1983); musical arrangements for Massive Attack, Def Leppard, Bond; feature film soundtrack music ("Bride & Prejudice", "Bend It Like Beckham", "It's a Wonderful Afterlife", "What's Cooking?
", "Bhaji on the Beach"); world music producing, performing (sitar, keyboards and African percussion) and arranging for international acts such as Massive Attack, Katie Melua, Manic Street Preachers, Def Leppard and Pascal Obispo; television music ("Peak Practice", Sue Lawley Show, Rich Deceiver, ZigZag Kenya, Samson Superslug) and also arranging, sitar and sound design work (for such well known composers as Danny Elfman, Gabriel Yared, Patrick Doyle, Carl Davis, John Altman, Rachel Portman, and George Fenton); television and film advertising/corporate music (over 300 commercials to date); lecturing and teaching; concert performing (solo and with his own ensembles but also with Mike Oldfield for the world premiere of "Tubular Bells II", September 1992, at the Edinburgh Castle); sound engineering, synthesizer and computer music programming, sound design and music technology innovations.
Charles Chalmers is a saxophonist, session musician, backup singer, songwriter and producer.
 He has written several hit songs for many recording artists, and has also arranged & performed on many grammy winning recordings.
 Seven of those recordings are in the Grammy Hall of Fame : Al Green's "Let's Stay together"; Aretha Franklin's "Respect," "Chain of Fools" & "Natural Woman"; Dusty Springfield's "Son of a Preacher Man"; and Wilson Pickett's "Mustang Sally" and "Land of a Thousand Dances."
 He also holds an Album of the Century award for his work on Aretha Franklin's, "I Ain't Never Loved a Man the Way that I Love You."
Brian Vibberts, a native of Portland, Connecticut, is an audio engineer who has been active since 1991.
 He is a 5-time Grammy Award winner, and has participated in the making of numerous albums that have resulted in Grammy Award nominations and winners.
 Also known by the nickname, "Dr Vibb," he has creatively recorded or mixed many multi-platinum artists in many genres, including Michael Jackson, Aerosmith, The Pussycat Dolls, Bon Jovi, Natasha Bedingfield, Green Day, Trace Adkins, Faith Hill, Toby Keith, Ice Cube, Boyz II Men, Elton John, Eric Clapton, Chick Corea, Brad Paisley, Ringo Starr, Mariah Carey and Tony Bennett.
Graham Maby (born 1 September 1952), is an English bass guitar player.
 He has recorded and toured with Joe Jackson since his first album, appearing on most of Jackson's albums and tours.
 He has continued to record and tour with Jackson even while working with other artists.
Volume 4 was an album released in 2003 by British musician Joe Jackson.
 It was the first album to feature the Joe Jackson Band since the 1980 release, "Beat Crazy", and it was Jackson's first rock 'n' roll album since "Laughter and Lust," which was released in 1991.
 As before, the Joe Jackson Band consisted of Jackson, Graham Maby, David Houghton and Gary Sanford.
 It was released to moderately positive reviews.
 Rolling Stone rated it 3/5, stating that it was less visceral than his early-1980s music, but that "when it comes to edgy, sensitive-guy rock, he proves on Volume 4 that he still is the man."
 AllMusic rated it 3.5/5, stating that "Volume 4 isn't as lively or vital as his first five albums, but it's also more satisfying as a pop record than anything he's done since Body & Soul, which is more than enough to make it a worthy comeback."
 The album was followed by a lengthy tour.
Gordon Goodwin's Big Phat Band, or simply The Big Phat Band, is an 18-piece jazz orchestra that combines the big band swing of the 1930s and 1940s with contemporary music such as funk and jazz fusion.
 The band is led by Gordon Goodwin, who arranges, composes, plays piano and saxophone.
 Since its origin, the Big Phat Band has received several Grammy Awards and many Grammy nominations.
Joe Jackson - Collected, released on 5 October 2010, is a compilation album from the British musician Joe Jackson, best known for his hits in the late '70s and well into the '80s.
 The album features hits and album tracks from all stages of his career plus a handful of live recordings on Disc Three.
 It includes the hits "Is She Really Going Out with Him?
", "Steppin' Out", "Breaking Us in Two", "Nineteen Forever" and more.
