Frank Harper (born 12 December 1962) is an English actor and film producer.
 He is best known for his "hard man" roles, such as "Billy Bright" in "The Football Factory" (2004) and "Dog" in "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" (1998).
Alan Ford (born 23 February 1938) is an English actor.
 He is best known for his roles in the Guy Ritchie crime capers "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" and "Snatch", and from guest starring in "The Bill".
Dexter Fletcher (born 31 January 1966) is an English actor and director.
 He has appeared in the Guy Ritchie film "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels", Crime comedy "Smoking Guns" as well as television roles in such shows as the comedy-drama "Hotel Babylon", the HBO series "Band of Brothers", and earlier in his career, the children's show "Press Gang", and the film "Bugsy Malone".
 He also had a short-lived stint at presenting the third series of Channel 4's "GamesMaster" that aired between 1993 and 1994.
 In 2016, he directed the feature film "Eddie the Eagle".
Nicholas Jonathan "Nick" Moran (born 23 December 1968) is an English actor, writer, producer and director, best known for his role as Eddy the card sharp in "Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels".
 He appeared as Scabior in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" and "Part 2".
Lock, Stock... is a 2000 television series offshoot from the 1998 film "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels".
 The series was shown on Channel 4 and starred Ralph Brown, Daniel Caltagirone, Del Synnott, Scott Maslen and Shaun Parkes.
 "Lock, Stock..." was Ginger Productions' first commission.
 The show prominently featured the rhyming slang of London's East End, making it harder for some viewers to comprehend.
The Hard Case is a 1995 British short film directed and written by Guy Ritchie and featured Benedick Bates as the player and Wale Ojo as the gambler.
 A twenty-minute film, it precedes Ritchie's better known "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels".
Stephen Marcus (born Stephen Mark Scott; 18 June 1962) is a British actor, best known for his role as Nick the Greek in the film "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels".
Del Synnott (born 1977) is an Irish actor, perhaps best known for playing Froderick in "Princess of Thieves" and DC Alan Carter in "Murphy's Law".
 He was born and raised in Dublin, Ireland and when he was 11 years old, he and his family moved to Essex, England.
 He has also appeared in the TV version of "Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" titled "Lock Stock" and the Samuelson Productions feature "Stormbreaker".
 In 2013, he appeared in "The Great Train Robbery" as Brian Field.
Steven Mackintosh (born 30 April 1967) is an English actor.
 He has appeared in numerous film and television dramas and is perhaps best known for roles in "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels", "The Land Girls" and "Luther".
Mean Machine is a 2001 British drama film directed by Barry Skolnick.
 It stars former footballer Vinnie Jones.
 The film is an adaptation of the 1974 American film "The Longest Yard", featuring association football rather than American football.
 It also reunites most of the cast who have starred in the Guy Ritchie blockbusters "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" and "Snatch".
