Vaughn Bodē ( ; July 22, 1941 – July 18, 1975) was an underground cartoonist and illustrator known for his character Cheech Wizard and his artwork depicting voluptuous women.
 A contemporary of Ralph Bakshi, Bodē has been credited as an influence on Bakshi's animated films "Wizards" and "The Lord of the Rings".
 Bodē has a huge following among graffiti artists, with his characters remaining a popular subject.
Heavy Traffic is a 1973 American adult animated comedy-drama film written and directed by Ralph Bakshi.
 The film, which begins, ends, and occasionally combines with live-action, explores the often surreal fantasies of a young New York cartoonist named Michael Corleone, using pinball imagery as a metaphor for inner-city life.
 "Heavy Traffic" was Bakshi and producer Steve Krantz's follow-up to the film "Fritz the Cat".
 Though producer Krantz made varied attempts to produce an R-rated film, "Heavy Traffic" was given an X rating by the MPAA.
 The film received positive reviews and is widely considered to be Bakshi's biggest critical success.
Modern Girls or Today's Girls (Hungarian: Mai lányok) is a 1937 Hungarian comedy film directed by Béla Gaál and starring Lia Szepes, Jëno Pataky and Steven Geray.
 The film may be best remembered for Magda Gabor's appearance in a supporting role.
Béla Gaál (2 January 1893 – 18 February 1945) was a Hungarian film director.
 His 1930 film "Csak egy kislány van a világon" was the first sound film to be made in Hungary.
Cool and the Crazy is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Ralph Bakshi and starring Jared Leto and Alicia Silverstone.
 The story revolves around an unhappily married couple in the late 1950s who both lead separate affairs.
 The film was Bakshi's first feature-length live-action film, being primarily known as a director of animated films which heavily utilize live-action sequences, such as "Fritz the Cat", "Heavy Traffic", "Wizards", "American Pop" and "The Lord of the Rings".
The Dream Car (Hungarian: Meseautó ) is a 1934 Hungarian romantic comedy film directed by Béla Gaál and starring Zita Perczel, Ella Gombaszögi and Klári Tolnay.
 A tycoon falls in love with a poor woman and secretly buys her a car.
 The 1935 British film "Car of Dreams" was based on this film.
Fritz the Cat is a 1972 American adult animated comedy film written and directed by Ralph Bakshi.
 It was Bakshi's feature film debut and is loosely based on the Fritz the Cat comic strips by Robert Crumb.
 It was the first animated feature film to receive an X rating in the United States.
Tales Of Budapest (Hungarian: "Pesti mese" ) is a 1937 Hungarian comedy film directed by Béla Gaál.
Fire and Ice is a 1983 American adult animated epic high fantasy adventure film directed by Ralph Bakshi.
 The film, a collaboration between Bakshi and Frank Frazetta, was distributed by 20th Century Fox, which also distributed Bakshi's 1977 release, "Wizards".
 The animated feature, based on characters Bakshi and Frazetta co-created, was made using the process of rotoscoping, in which scenes were shot in live action and then traced onto animation cels.
The New Relative (Hungarian: Az új rokon ) is a 1934 Hungarian comedy film directed by Béla Gaál.
