The Low End Theory is the second album by American hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest.
 Released on September 24, 1991 through Jive Records, the album produced three singles: "Check the Rhime", "Jazz (We've Got)", and "Scenario".
 Initially, the album garnered only minor commercial success, peaking at #45 on the "Billboard" 200, though it was later certified platinum on February 1, 1995 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Regarded as one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time by critics, "The Low End Theory" was very influential to alternative hip hop and was praised for its conscious lyricism and production, which bridged the gap between jazz and hip hop.
What Is a Rumpletilskin?
 is the first and only album by hip hop group Rumpletilskinz, released on July 13, 1993, on RCA Records and produced by the group's producer, R.P.M.
 The album failed to make it to any of the "Billboard" charts, but two singles did, "Attitudes" and "Is It All Right?"
 Both made it to #24 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 This release received extensive national independent retail promotion through Poindexter International Marketing & Promotions, which was employed by RCA Records.
 It was also one of the first projects managed by James "DJ Ras J" McGurk, VP of Radio & Retail Promotion at Poindexter, who later became the first Marketing Director of Redeye Distribution and Yep Roc Records of Haw River, NC.
Cypress Hill is an American hip hop group from South Gate, California.
 Cypress Hill was the first Latino American hip hop recording group to have platinum and multi-platinum albums, selling over 18 million albums worldwide.
 They are considered to be among the main progenitors of West Coast rap and hip hop in the early 1990s, being critically acclaimed for their first four albums.
 The band has also advocated for medical and recreational use of cannabis in the United States.
"Can't Stop, Won't Stop" is an American Grammy-nominated song performed by American hip hop duo Young Gunz, as members of Philadelphia hip hop group State Property.
 A remix version appeared on the Young Gunz' debut album "Tough Luv", featuring Chingy, and was also featured on The Roots live album "The Present".
 It became a major hit and the highest charting State Property song to come out of the group.
 Its catchy, up-tempo and club oriented east coast hip hop track allowed the song to peak at #14 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
Herbert Brown, better known by his stage name McGruff (also known as Herb McGruff) is an American Hip hop recording artist from Harlem, New York City, New York.
 Brown started rapping in his early teens.
 He embarked on his music career in the hip hop group Bronx Most Wanted, alongside rappers Jay Q and Tee U.B. Brown later became a member of the hip hop collective Children of the Corn.
 As a member of Children of the Corn, Brown worked alongside Big L, Cam'ron, Bloodshed and Mase, all of whom would go on to have successful careers in the music industry.
 After the group disbanded without releasing any material, Brown made his first appearance on Big L's debut album, "Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous" (1995), on the tracks "8 Iz Enuff" and "Dangerzone".
 Eventually, Brown signed a deal with popular hip hop label, Uptown Records and began recording his debut album, "Destined to Be".
 In early 1998, the album's lead single "Before We Start" became a minor hit, charting on several "Billboard" charts.
 In the Summer of 1998, "Destined to Be" was released but failed to sell many copies, only peaking at 169 on the "Billboard" 200, and Brown was released from his contract.
 Brown would make appearances with Heavy D on his album, "Waterbed Hev" and the "Woo" soundtrack.
 In 2009, Brown appeared on Mase's mixtape "I Do the Impossible".
 In 2010, he was featured heavily on The Diplomats mixtape, "The D.I.P. Agenda."
 In 2014, DJ Kay Slay, enlisted Brown, along with Raekwon, Fat Joe, Ghostface Killah, Sheek Louch, N.O.R.E., Lil' Fame, Prodigy and Rell, for a song titled "90s Flow".
Uptown 3000 was a Korean American hip hop duo on the record label The Machine Group CEO Alvin & Calvin Waters which consisted of Carlos Galvan aka "Cali-Mexci" and Steve Kim aka "Kwon".
 The duo was a spinoff of Uptown, a Korean hip hop group which was active in the late 1990s whose sales reached 6 million.
 The duo is considered defunct as the original Uptown made its comeback in Korea in 2006, which Kim and Galvan were a part of.
 The group has been credited with being the first Korean hip hop group to closely resemble anything similar to American style hip hop.
Stetsasonic was an American hip hop group formed in 1981 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York.
 It is remembered as one of the first hip hop crews to use a live band, and the group's positive, uplifting lyrics made it forerunners of alternative hip hop and jazz hip hop.
Jim Jones & Skull Gang Present A Tribute to Bad Santa Starring Mike Epps is a Christmas-themed hip hop collaborative studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones and American hip hop group Skull Gang.
 The album was released on November 25, 2008, by Koch Records and Splash.
 The album features guest appearances from members of Dipset and ByrdGang, respectively.
Orishas are a Cuban hip hop group from Havana, Cuba, founded in 1999.
 The group was first called ""Amenaza"", ""threat"" or ""menace"" in Spanish, and appealed to the Cuban youth who were hungry for African-American culture consisting of hip hop and rap.
 Orishas delved into a realm of music and that they created a black identity to which some among the younger generations could relate.
 The group is based in France where they made a deal with a record company, although they visit Cuba frequently.
 In 1999 Fidel Castro threw a party for them and had a meeting with all the musicians.
 It was the first time the Cuban government showed support for hip hop music.
 The group was and still is popular in Europe (especially France, Spain and Portugal) and Latin America.
 Yotuel Romero and Ruzzo Medina, who moved from Havana to Paris as part of an international studies program, joined Roldán González and Flaco-Pro to form the band in 1999.
 Their work is influenced by the hip hop movement as well as Cuban and other Latin rhythms.
 s of 2009 , they had produced a total of four studio albums and a greatest hits album; their latest album is Cosita Buena (released June 17, 2008).
 In 2009 they participated in the concert Paz Sin Fronteras II in Plaza de la Revolución, Havana, Cuba.
 Orishas reunited to record new material in 2016.
Run–D.M.C. is the debut studio album of American hip hop group Run–D.M.C..
 Produced in 1984, it was considered groundbreaking for its time, presenting a harder, more aggressive form of hip hop.
 The album's sparse beats and aggressive rhymes were in sharp contrast with the light, funky sound that was popular in hip hop at the time.
 With the album, the group has been regarded by music writers as pioneering the movement of new school hip hop of the mid-1980s.
 The album was reissued as a "Deluxe Edition" in 2005 with four bonus tracks.
