Port Sunlight is a model village and suburb in the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, Merseyside, it is located between Lower Bebington and New Ferry, on the Wirral Peninsula.
 Port Sunlight was built by Lever Brothers to accommodate workers in its soap factory (now part of Unilever); work commenced in 1888.
 The name is derived from Lever Brothers' most popular brand of cleaning agent, Sunlight.
Rinso is the brand name of a laundry soap marketed by Unilever.
 It is used in Australia, Indonesia, Chile, New Zealand, Ireland, the United Kingdom and the United States.
 The brand was created by Robert S Hudson and originally branded Hudson's Soap, which was sold to Lever Brothers of Port Sunlight, England, in 1908.
 It was also manufactured by the Lever Brothers Company (later known as Unilever) in the United States, starting in 1918.
Antonius Johannes Jurgens (8 February 1867 in Oss, Netherlands – 12 March 1945 in Torquay, UK) was the grandson of Antoon Jurgens and Joanna Lemmens.
 His grandfather was the founder of the butter company " Antoon Jurgens " (1867) and of the first world margarine factory (1871) in Oss, The Netherlands.
 Antonius Johannes Jurgens was one of the main European margarine and soap manufacturers in the early twentieth century with Pieter-Eduard Leverd.
 Anton Jurgens as he was called started in the late eighteen hundreds also a margarine factory in Germany and in Belgium.
 Although initially in fierce competition with another manufacturer from Oss in the Netherlands, Samuel van den Bergh, both competitors joined up in 1927 to form the Margarine Unie, which would merge in 1930 with William Hulme Lever, 2nd Viscount Leverhulme of Lever Brothers to form Unilever.
Lever Brothers was a British manufacturing company founded in 1885 by brothers William Hesketh Lever (1851–1925) and James Darcy Lever (1854–1916).
 They invested in and successfully promoted a new soap-making process invented by chemist William Hough Watson.
 In 1930, Lever Brothers merged with Margarine Unie to form Unilever.
William Hesketh Lever, 1st Viscount Leverhulme ( ; 19 September 1851 – 7 May 1925) was an English industrialist, philanthropist, and politician.
 Having been educated at a small private school until the age of nine, then at church schools until he was fifteen; a somewhat privileged education for that time, he started work at his father's wholesale grocery business in Bolton.
 Following an apprenticeship and a series of appointments in the family business, which he successfully expanded, he began manufacturing Sunlight Soap, building a substantial business empire with many well-known brands such as Lux and Lifebuoy.
 In 1886, together with his brother, James, he established Lever Brothers, which was one of the first companies to manufacture soap from vegetable oils, and which is now part of the Anglo-Dutch transnational business Unilever.
 In politics, Lever briefly sat as a Liberal MP for Wirral and later, as Lord Leverhulme, in the House of Lords as a Peer.
 He was an advocate for expansion of the British Empire, particularly in Africa and Asia, which supplied palm oil, a key ingredient in Lever's product line.
PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk () was established in Indonesia on December 5, 1933 as Lever Zeepfabrieken N.V., a subsidiary of Lever Brothers which initially operated a soap factory at Angke, Jakarta.
 The name was changed to Unilever Indonesia on July 22, 1980.
Mysore Sandal Soap (Kannada: ಮೈಸೂರ್ ಸ್ಯಾಂಡಲ್ ಸೋಪ್) is a brand of soap manufactured by the Karnataka Soaps and Detergents Limited (KSDL), a company owned by the Government of Karnataka in India.
 This soap has been manufactured since 1916 when Krishna Raja Wadiyar IV, the king of Mysore set up the Government Soap Factory in Bangalore.
 The main motivation for setting up the factory was the excessive sandalwood reserves that the Mysore Kingdom had which could not be exported to Europe because of the First World War.
 In 1980, KSDL was incorporated as a company by merging the Government Soap Factory with the sandal oil factories at Shimoga and Mysore.
 Mysore Sandal Soap is the only soap in the world made from 100% pure sandalwood oil.
 KSDL owns a proprietary Geographical indication (GI) tag on the Mysore sandal soap which gives it intellectual property rights to use the brand name, to ensure quality and also prevent piracy and unauthorised use by other manufacturers.
 In 2006, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, the Indian cricketer was selected as the first brand ambassador of the Mysore Sandal Soap.
The Lever Brothers Factory in the Sydney, Australia suburb of Balmain was a soap factory which operated from 1895 until 1988.
 It employed many people from the local area and its large industrial buildings were a prominent feature of the landscape.
 Most of the site was demolished in 1996 to make way for a new apartment complex and only three of the original buildings remain.
Sunlight is a brand of household soap introduced by the British company Lever Brothers in 1884.
 It was the world's first packaged, branded laundry soap.
 Designed for washing clothes and general household use, the success of the product led to the name for the company's village for its workers, Port Sunlight.
 The soap formula was invented by a Bolton chemist named William Hough Watson, who also became an early business partner.
 Watson's process created a new soap, using glycerin and vegetable oils such as palm oil rather than tallow (animal fats).
 William Lever and his brother James Darcy Lever invested in Watson's soap invention and its initial success came from offering bars of cut, wrapped, and branded soap in his father's grocery shop.
 Prior to this, commercially made soap was bought in long bars, an early labour-saving device for the housewife.
Port Sunlight railway station serves the Port Sunlight area of the Wirral, England, a model village built for the workers of the nearby Lever Brothers soap factory.
 The station is situated on the Chester and Ellesmere Port branches of the Wirral Line, part of the Merseyrail network.
