The Legal Profession Admission Board is the statutory authority responsible for the admission of lawyers in New South Wales.
 It was formerly two separate boards; the Barristers Admission Board and the Solicitors Admission Board.
 The "Legal Profession Act 1993" introduced common admission for both branches of the profession resulting in the merger of the two boards.
The March 1913 tornado outbreak sequence was a devastating series of tornado outbreaks that affected the northern Great Plains, the Southern United States, and sections of the upper Midwest over a two-day-long period between March 21–23, 1913.
 Composed of two outbreaks, the sequence first began with a tornado outbreak that commenced in Mississippi early on March 21.
 Several significant tornadoes occurred, one of which killed seven people in one family and another destroyed much of Lower Peach Tree, Alabama, with 27 deaths all in that town.
 The tornado at Lower Peach Tree is estimated to have been equivalent to a violent F4 tornado on the Fujita scale, based upon damage accounts.
 The tornadoes occurred between 0630–1030 UTC, or pre-dawn local time, perhaps accounting for the high number of fatalities—a common trend in tornadoes in the Dixie Alley.
 In all, tornadoes in Mississippi, Georgia, and Alabama killed 48 people, perhaps more, that day and injured at least 150 people.
A convention, in the sense of a meeting, is a gathering of individuals who meet at an arranged place and time in order to discuss or engage in some common interest.
 The most common conventions are based upon industry, profession, and fandom.
 Trade conventions typically focus on a particular industry or industry segment, and feature keynote speakers, vendor displays, and other information and activities of interest to the event organizers and attendees.
 Professional conventions focus on issues of concern to the profession and advancements in the profession.
 Such conventions are generally organized by societies or communities dedicated to promotion of the topic of interest.
 Fan conventions usually feature displays, shows, and sales based on pop culture and guest celebrities.
 Science fiction conventions traditionally partake of the nature of both professional conventions and fan conventions, with the balance varying from one to another.
 Conventions also exist for various hobbies, such as gaming or model railroads.
Gilbert Ramon Yvel (born June 30, 1976) is a retired Dutch mixed martial artist associated with the Vos Gym in the Netherlands.
 Yvel mostly competed as a Heavyweight, but also competed as a Light Heavyweight in the final two fights of his career.
 A professional competitor for 16 years from 1997-2013, Yvel competed in the PRIDE Fighting Championships, Affliction, the UFC, RINGS, M-1 Challenge, Cage Rage, K-1, and Showtime promotions.
Christiaan "Chris" Dolman (born February 17, 1945) is a Dutch retired martial artist and professional wrestler.
 He won a silver medal at the European championship in judo and a gold at the world championship in Sambo, counting as the first non-Russian sambo world champion, and has over 40 national and 10 international championships.
 He is known for his career in Fighting Network Rings and for his role training several Dutch mixed martial artists and kickboxers, among them Bas Rutten, Alistair and Valentijn Overeem, Gilbert Yvel and Gegard Mousasi.
This page lists tornadoes and tornado outbreaks which have touched down in Canada prior to the 21st century.
 On average, there are around 80 confirmed and unconfirmed tornadoes that touch down in Canada each year, with most occurring in Southern Ontario, the southern Canadian Prairies and southern Quebec.
 Canada ranks as the second country in the world with the most tornadoes per year, after the US.
 The most common types are F0 to F2 in damage intensity level and usually result in minor structural damage to barns, wood fences, roof shingles, chimneys, uprooted or snapped tree limbs and downed power lines.
 Fewer than 5% of tornadoes in Canada are rated F3 or higher in intensity, where wind speeds are in excess of 225 km/h .
 Prior to April 1, 2013, Canada used a slightly modified Fujita scale, and as of that date the Enhanced Fujita scale, again slightly modified, was put into use to rate tornado intensity, based on the damage to buildings and vegetation.
Gilbert (died 1253) was a 13th-century Cistercian monk, abbot and bishop.
 His first appearance in the sources occurs under the year 1233, for which year the "Chronicle of Melrose" reported that "Sir Gilbert, the abbot of Glenluce, resigned his office, in the chapter of Melrose; and there he made his profession".
 It is not clear why Gilbert really did resign the position of Abbot of Glenluce, head of Glenluce Abbey in Galloway, in order to become a mere brother at Melrose Abbey; nor is it clear for how long Gilbert had been abbot, though his latest known predecessor is attested last on 27 May 1222.
 After going to there, Gilbert became the Master of the Novices at Melrose.
Ivan "The Hydro" Hippolyte (born October 7, 1964) is a Dutch-Surinamese former kickboxer World champion.
 He is currently a martial arts coach at the Vos Gym in Amsterdam, Netherlands, the same gym he used to fight out of during his active career.
 He is a former sparring partner and teammate of four time K-1 World champion Ernesto Hoost as well as veteran mixed martial artist Gilbert Yvel.
A stereotype is a generalized idea or image about a particular person or thing that is often oversimplified and offensive.
 Stereotypes are victim of prejudice when negative portrayals of a group are untrue of individual members.
 Nursing has been stereotyped throughout the history of the profession.
 A common misconception is that all nurses are female; this has led to the stereotype of male nurses as effeminate.
 These generalized ideas of the nursing profession have formed a skewed image of nurses in the media.
 The image of a nurse projected by the media is typically of a young white single female being over-sexualized as well as diminished intellectually; this idea is then portrayed in get-well cards, television shows and novels.
 The over-sexualized nurse is commonly referred to as a naughty nurse and is shown as a sex symbol or nymphomaniac. Along with these common stereotypes, studies have identified several other popular images used in media such as handmaiden, angel, torturer, homosexual male, alcoholic, buffoon and woman in white.
 Common stereotypes of nursing and portrayal of these misconceptions have fueled a discussion on the effects they have on the profession, harmful or good.
Kazuyuki Fujita (藤田 和之 , Fujita Kazuyuki ) (born October 16, 1970) is a Japanese professional wrestler, mixed martial artist and a former amateur wrestler.
 He has fought in mixed martial arts promotions including Pride Fighting Championships, K-1 and World Victory Road.
 He competes in mixed martial arts, shoot style wrestling and puroresu, and holds notable victories over Ken Shamrock, Gilbert Yvel, Mark Kerr, Bob Sapp, Karam Gaber, Peter Graham, and James Thompson.
