Brotherhood (subtitled: The Definitive Singles Collection) is a compilation album by English electronic dance music duo The Chemical Brothers, released on 1   2008 (2008--) .
 It is the second compilation spanning the band's greatest hits, after 2003's "Singles 93–03".
 The first disc features thirteen hit singles and two new tracks, "Midnight Madness" and "Keep My Composure" (featuring a guest appearance of the rap group Spank Rock)—while the second CD contains all ten parts of The Chemical Brothers' "Electronic Battle Weapon" series of special mixes, which the duo have been recording since 1996.
Midnight Madness is an annual event celebrating the upcoming college basketball season in which a team opens its first official practice to the public, often combining it with a pep rally and other fan friendly activities.
 The tradition originated from teams holding public practices at midnight on the earliest day that the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) would allow a practice to be held.
 In 2013, a new NCAA rule established some flexbility around the opening of a team's practice sessions.
 As a result, the dates on which teams celebrate Midnight Madness can vary, but most stick with the traditional date of a Friday night closest to 15 October.
The Girl in the Photographs is a 2015 American horror thriller film written and directed by Nick Simon and executive produced by Wes Craven.
 The film stars Kal Penn, Claudia Lee, Kenny Wormald, Miranda Rae Mayo, Luke Baines, Christy Carlson Romano, Katharine Isabelle, and Mitch Pileggi.
 Filming began in April 2015 in Victoria, British Columbia.
 It was an official selection at Toronto International Film Festival 2015 in the Midnight Madness category.
 The film was released on April 1, 2016 in a limited release and through video on demand, by Vertical Entertainment.
"Sister Christian" is a power ballad by the American hard rock band Night Ranger.
 It was released in June 1984 as the second single from their album "Midnight Madness".
 It was ranked number 32 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the 1980s.
 It was written and sung by the band's drummer, Kelly Keagy, for his sister.
 It was the band's biggest hit, peaking at number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and staying on the charts for 24 weeks.
Midnight Madness and Beyond is the third album by UK82 Hardcore punk band GBH from Birmingham UK.
 It was released in August 1986 on the Rough Justice label (the band's first release for their new label, following the departure from Clay Records) with catalogue number Just 2.
 Recorded once again at Strawberry Studios in Stockport UK.
 It was later Re-released with additional tracks (the "Oh No It's GBH Again" EP)in 2002 by leading Punk reissue label Captain Oi!
 (Ahoy CD 193)
"(You Can Still) Rock in America" is a rock anthem written by Jack Blades and Brad Gillis, and the first single released from Night Ranger's 1983 album "Midnight Madness".
 Former Deep Purple and Black Sabbath singer Glenn Hughes contribute backing vocals on the song.
Bangkok Loco (Thai: ทวารยังหวานอยู่ , rtgs: "Thawan yang wan yu" ) is a 2004 Thai comedy-musical-fantasy film directed by Pornchai Hongrattanaporn, written by Sompope Vejchapipat and starring Krissada Terrence.
 The story involves a gifted young rock drummer named Bay who commits a grisly murder and becomes a fugitive from the law.
 Trained by a monk in a style of drumming called the Drums of the Gods, which treats drumming as a martial art for the forces of good, he must face his opposite drummer from the dark side.
 The story is set in the 1970s and in a "Forrest Gump" fashion, the protagonist Bay is seen having an influence on present-day Thai popular culture.
 Internationally, the movie has gained a cult following because of its fantastically stylized and colorful production design and pop-culture references.
 The film was chosen for the "Midnight Madness" program at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival.
FUBAR 2 (also known as FUBAR: Balls to the Wall or FUBAR: Gods of Blunder) is a 2010 comedy film and the sequel to the 2002 cult film "FUBAR".
 It was released on October 1, 2010 in Canada.
 It made its world premiere by opening the Midnight Madness program at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival.
Mat Laibowitz is an inventor, artist, and product designer.
 He holds a PhD degree from MIT Media Lab's Program in Media Arts and Sciences from the Responsive Environments Group under Prof. Joseph A. Paradiso.
 He founded in 1996 an urban experience named Midnight Madness after the 1980 film of the same name, Midnight Madness (film).
 Midnight Madness was regarded as igniting the large scale urban game scene in NYC, including elements of the Come Out and Play festival.
 Midnight Madness ran for its final time in 2007, at which time over 1000 people have participated throughout its 11 year history.
 Midnight Madness and Mat Laibowitz were the subjects of a chapter in David Rakoff's book, Don't Get Too Comfortable.
Midnight Madness is the second studio album from rock band Night Ranger released in 1983.
 Their second album produced three charting singles and contains the band's best known hit, "Sister Christian."
 It remains their highest selling album at over a million copies sold in the US.
 The first single/video, "(You Can Still) Rock in America" peaked at #51 in early 1984 on Billboard's Hot 100 chart and also reached #15 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
 "Sister Christian" peaked at #5 on Billboard's Hot 100 and was one of the most played videos of 1984.
 The song also has been featured in several films including "Boogie Nights" and "Rock of Ages" among others.
 "When You Close Your Eyes" was the third single/video and reached #14 on Billboard's Hot 100 chart and #7 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks Chart.
 The 1984 CD release contains a slightly different recording of the track.
 "Rumours In The Air" also charted on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart peaking at #26 in the spring of 1984.
