Jones Beach State Park (colloquially, "Jones Beach") is a state park of the U.S. state of New York.
 It is in southern Nassau County, in the hamlet of Wantagh, on Jones Beach Island, a barrier island linked to Long Island by the Meadowbrook State Parkway, Wantagh State Parkway, and Ocean Parkway.
Salt Point is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.
 As of the 2010 census it had a population of 190.
 It lies northeast of Poughkeepsie following New York Route 115, the Salt Point Turnpike.
 East of Salt Point, the Taconic State Parkway allows for access to many of the surrounding towns and communities, with easy travel to New York City.
 The area code is 845 and the exchange is COlfax6.
The Queens Community Board 12 is a local government in the New York City borough of Queens, encompassing the neighborhoods of Jamaica, Hollis, St. Albans, Springfield Gardens, Baisley Park, Rochdale Village, South Jamaica.
 It is delimited by the Van Wyck Expressway to the west, Hillside Avenue to the north, Francis Lewis Boulevard and Springfield Boulevard to the east and the Southern State Parkway to the south.
Meadowbrook is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Shelby County, Alabama, United States.
 At the 2010 census the population was 8,769.
The Meadowbrook State Parkway (also known as the Meadowbrook, the Meadowbrook Parkway or the MSP) is a 12.52 mi parkway in Nassau County, New York, in the United States.
 Its southern terminus is at a full cloverleaf interchange with the Bay and Ocean parkways in Jones Beach State Park.
 The parkway heads north, crossing South Oyster Bay and intersecting Loop Parkway before crossing onto the mainland and connecting to the Southern State Parkway in North Merrick.
 It continues north to the village of Carle Place, where the Meadowbrook Parkway ends at exit 31A of the Northern State Parkway.
 The Meadowbrook Parkway is designated New York State Route 908E (NY 908E), an unsigned reference route.
 Most of the road is limited to non-commercial traffic, like most parkways in the state of New York; however, the portion south of Merrick Road is open to commercial traffic.
Gilford is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.
 The population was 7,126 at the 2010 census.
 Situated on Lake Winnipesaukee, Gilford is home to Governors Island, Ellacoya State Beach, Belknap Mountain State Forest, Gunstock Mountain Ski Resort, and Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion at Meadowbrook, a seasonal outdoor concert venue.
Transportation in New Jersey utilizes a combination of road, rail, air, and water modes.
 New Jersey is situated between Philadelphia and New York City, two major metropolitan centers of the Boston-Washington megalopolis, making it a regional corridor for transportation.
 As a result, New Jersey's freeways carry high volumes of interstate traffic and products.
 The main thoroughfare for long distance travel is the New Jersey Turnpike, the nation's fifth-busiest toll road.
 The Garden State Parkway connects the state's densely populated north to its southern shore region.
 New Jersey has the 4th smallest area of U.S. states, but its population density of 1,196 persons per sq. mi (462 persons per km) causes congestion to be a major issue for motorists.
The Ocean Parkway is a 15.59 mi parkway that traverses Jones Beach Island between Jones Beach State Park and Captree State Park on Long Island, New York, in the United States.
 It begins at the southern terminus of the Meadowbrook State Parkway and heads east across Jones Beach Island, intersecting the south end of the Wantagh State Parkway before ending just past the southern terminus of the Robert Moses Causeway.
 The highway is designated New York State Route 909D (NY 909D), an unsigned reference route.
Eva is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Benton County, Tennessee, United States, on the western shore of the Kentucky Lake impoundment of the Tennessee River.
 It is the site of Nathan Bedford Forrest State Park.
 As of the 2010 census, its population was 293.
 The ZIP Code Tabulation Area for the ZIP code (38333) that serves Eva had a population of 574 as of the 2000 U.S. Census, when Eva was not yet a CDP.
 Eva is centered on the junction of State Route 191, which connects the community to Nathan Bedford Forrest State Park to the north and the town of Camden to the south, and Eva Beach Road, which stretches from the center of the community to its beach along Kentucky Lake.
The Bronx River Parkway (sometimes abbreviated as the Bronx Parkway) is a 19.12 mi long parkway in downstate New York in the United States.
 It is named for the nearby Bronx River, which it parallels.
 The southern terminus of the parkway is at Story Avenue near Bruckner Expressway in the Bronx neighborhood of Soundview.
 The northern terminus is at the Kensico Circle in North Castle, Westchester County, where the parkway connects to the Taconic State Parkway and, via a short connector, New York State Route 22 (NY 22).
 Within the Bronx, the parkway is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation and is designated New York State Route 907H (NY 907H), an unsigned reference route.
 In Westchester County, the parkway is maintained by the Westchester County Department of Public Works and is designated unsigned County Route 9987 (CR 9987).
