Außenarbeitslager Gerdauen was a subcamp of the Stutthof concentration camp in nowaday's Zheleznodorozhny, Kaliningrad Oblast.
 Most of the prisoners in the subcamps of the Stutthoff camp contained Jewish women from Hungary and from the Łódź Ghetto, and there were also some Jewish men from Lithuania.
 While a labor camp rather than a death camp, many people died - of 100 Jewish girls at the camp only three survived the war.
The Częstochowa Ghetto was a World War II ghetto set up by Nazi Germany for the purpose of persecution and exploitation of local Jews in the city of Częstochowa during the German occupation of Poland.
 The approximate number of people confined to the ghetto was around 40,000 at the beginning and in late 1942 at its peak – right before mass deportations – 48,000.
 Most ghetto inmates were delivered by the Holocaust trains to their deaths at the Treblinka extermination camp.
 In June 1943, the remaining ghetto inhabitants launched the Częstochowa Ghetto uprising, which was extinguished by the "SS" after a few days of fighting.
George Kadish, born Zvi (Hirsh) Kadushin (died September 1997), was a Lithuanian Jewish photographer who documented life in the Kovno Ghetto during the Holocaust, the period of the Nazi German genocide against Jews.
The Kovno ghetto was a ghetto established by Nazi Germany to hold the Lithuanian Jews of Kaunas during the Holocaust.
 At its peak, the Ghetto held 29,000 people, most of whom were later sent to concentration and extermination camps, or were shot at the Ninth Fort.
 About 500 Jews escaped from work details and directly from the Ghetto, and joined Soviet partisan forces in the distant forests of southeast Lithuania and Belarus.
The Niles Canyon ghost story is the Northern California variation on the vanishing hitchhiker archetype.
 There are many different variations of this story depending on whom you ask.
 All stories include a girl being involved in some sort of motorized vehicle accident on February 26 (year often changed).
 One variation of the story includes a girl being involved in a car crash on Niles Canyon road (off the 680 freeway in Sunol, California) on the way to her prom.
 The girl died on impact and to this day is said to haunt Niles Canyon road every February 26.
 The tale of the haunting goes that people traveling along Niles Canyon road (now Highway 84) on the night of February 26 will see a normal-looking high school-aged girl walking along the road in a prom dress (many people have said it is white).
 People traveling along the road (mostly those traveling alone) have said to have stopped and offered the girl a ride.
 She accepts the ride, giving the driver an address across the bridge (either Dumbarton or Bay Bridge depending on the storyteller).
 Once the driver gets to the beginning of the bridge, the girl will disappear.
 Sometimes people have gone to the address to find that a girl many years ago matching that description once lived there.
 Today, many people will travel along this treacherous pitch black road in the hopes of catching a glimpse of the Niles Canyon ghost.
Margarita Peak is a prominent mountain in San Diego County.
 It is 9 mi southwest of Murrieta Hot Springs and 9 mi northwest of Fallbrook.
 Its 3193 ft summit is the 32nd most prominent peak in San Diego County.
 The trail to the peak is relatively little-used and not known by many people.
 It is considered one of San Diego's greatest hidden gems, due to the breathtaking 360-degree panorama views at the top.
 The main trail begins on Margarita Road after the end of Tenaja Road 13 mi southwest of I-15 and leads to nearby Margarita Lookout.
 Persons attempting to reach the peak must use a steep, poorly maintained firebreak that connects to the main trail.
 The hike to the top is 3 mi each way.
Kume no Heinai-dō (久米平内堂 ) is a small folk shrine located in Asakusa in Taitō, Tokyo.
 The shrine houses a stone statue of Kume no Heinai, a samurai from the early Edo period (17th century).
 According to the Asakusa tourism bureau, there are few facts about the life of Kume no Heinai, but he is said to have died in 1683.
 Oral tradition holds that Heinai excelled in Kenjutsu, the martial art of swordsmanship, killing many people over the years.
 In the latter half of his life, he is said to have lived in the Sensō-ji temple in Asakusa where he devoted himself to Zen-Buddhism and held religious services in honor of the people he killed.
 Shortly before his death he ordered his followers to carve his likeness on a stone and bury it near the Niōmon – the entrance to the Buddhist temple and a busy district in the city.
 His wish was to have his statue be stepped on by as many people as possible in order to expiate the crimes he committed in life.
 The statue was eventually retrieved and is now stored inside the shrine itself.
 It is because of this that the shrine initially carried the name "Fumitsuke" (踏みつけ ) , which means "to tread on", but over time the meaning was lost and the shrine's name came to be spelled 文付け, which means "love letter".
 Both words are pronounced "Fumitsuke" and the shrine is now worshipped by the general public as a deity of marriage and match-making.
 Kume no Heinai-dō was destroyed in March 1945 during World War II.
 The current temple was rebuilt in October 1978.
The El Ayyat train disaster happened at 02:00 on the morning of 20 February 2002 in an eleven-carriage passenger train travelling from Cairo to Luxor.
 A cooking gas cylinder exploded in the fifth carriage, creating a fire which engulfed seven third-class carriages, reducing them almost to cinders.
 The initial number of dead given by officials at the time was 383, all Egyptians.
 However, considering that seven carriages were burnt to the ground, and each carriage was packed with at least double the maximum carrying capacity of 150, this number is considered by many people to be a great underestimate.
 The dubious nature of the given death toll lies with the absence of a full passenger list; accounting for those missing was almost impossible at the time.
 In addition, the fire was so intense and the carriages so badly burned that many corpses had been reduced to ash.
 As there was no means of communication between the driver and the rear carriages, the driver did not know of the fire until about two hours after it had begun, resulting in many people, attempting to flee from the overcrowded carriages, jumping to their death.
 Some important Egyptians have commentated that the official number of 383 dead is grossly inaccurate and was an attempt to lessen the damage done to the reputation of the government.
 Many people consider a number of about 1000 deaths to be more accurate.
Karl Lärka (born 24 July 1892 at Sollerön in Dalarna, Sweden, died 2 June 1981) was one of the more important 20th-century documentary photographers in Sweden.
 Lärka's prime concern was to document the peasant culture that he understood was beginning to disappear, the culture of the lands around lake Siljan in Dalarna, one with agriculture, forestry and many people with stories about older times.
 Most of his photography was done from 1916 to 1934, and he combined it with lecture tours about the countryside of Siljan.
 He also documented many of the stories elderly people in the villages told him and was very active in the Swedish local heritage movement that started in the 1920s.
 More than 4,200 of his photographic plates are today in the municipal archive of Mora.
Although spinal cord injury (SCI) often causes sexual dysfunction, many people with SCI are able to have satisfying sex lives.
 Physical limitations acquired from SCI affect sexual function and sexuality in broader areas, which in turn has important effects on quality of life.
 Damage to the spinal cord impairs its ability to transmit messages between the brain and parts of the body below the level of the lesion.
 This results in lost or reduced sensation and muscle motion, and affects orgasm, erection, ejaculation, and vaginal lubrication.
 More indirect causes of sexual dysfunction include pain, weakness, and side effects of medications.
 Psycho-social causes include depression and altered self-image.
 Many people with SCI have satisfying sex lives, and many experience sexual arousal and orgasm.
 People with SCI employ a variety of adaptations to help carry on their sex lives healthily, by focusing on different areas of the body and types of sexual acts.
 Neural plasticity may account for increases in sensitivity in parts of the body that have not lost sensation, so people often find newly sensitive erotic areas of the skin in erogenous zones or near borders between areas of preserved and lost sensation.
