Pascal Trottier is a Canadian filmmaker and screenwriter.
 He graduated from the Canadian Film Centre in 2005.
 His credits include "The Colony", starring Laurence Fishburne and Bill Paxton, and the horror feature "Hellions", directed by Bruce McDonald and starring Chloe Rose and Robert Patrick, which had its world premiere at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival.
 In 2013, he wrote for the horror TV series "Darknet", produced by Steve Hoban and Vincenzo Natali, and penned a segment of the horror anthology feature film "A Christmas Horror Story", which won the Writer's Guild of Canada award for Best Feature Screenplay in 2016.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is a 2017 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad.
 The second installment in the "John Wick" film series, the plot follows hitman John Wick, who goes on the run after a bounty is placed on his head.
 It stars Keanu Reeves, Common, Laurence Fishburne, Riccardo Scamarcio, Ruby Rose, John Leguizamo and Ian McShane, and marks the first collaboration between Reeves and Fishburne since appearing together in "The Matrix" trilogy.
Dr. Sean McNamara is a fictional character on FX Networks' drama series "Nip/Tuck", portrayed by Dylan Walsh.
 His character opens the show with the trademark catchphrase, "Tell me what you don't like about yourself."
 His partner, Christian Troy, has been his best friend since attending college together at the University of Miami, which is partly why they went into business together.
 Sean is portrayed as the more skilled, yet more troubled surgeon, who apparently specializes in craniofacial surgery.
 He is often plagued by family distresses involving his wife Julia and son Matt.
 The two also have a daughter, Annie, and a newborn son named Conor.
Witchcraft IX: Bitter Flesh is a 1997 horror film directed by Michael Paul Girard.
 The film is a sequel to the 1988 film "Witchcraft".
Event Horizon is a 1997 British-American science fiction horror film directed by Paul W. S. Anderson.
 The screenplay was written by Philip Eisner, with an uncredited rewrite by Andrew Kevin Walker.
 The film stars Laurence Fishburne and Sam Neill.
Joely Kim Richardson (born 9 January 1965) is an English actress, known for her role as Julia McNamara in the FX drama series "Nip/Tuck" (2003–10), and Queen Catherine Parr in the Showtime series "The Tudors" (2010).
 She has also appeared in films such as "101 Dalmatians" (1996), "Event Horizon" (1997), "The Patriot" (2000), "Return to Me" (2000), "Anonymous" (2011), the Hollywood film adaptation "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" (2011), and the remake of "Endless Love" (2014).
Julia McNamara ("née" Noughton) is a fictional character in the American television series "Nip/Tuck", portrayed by Joely Richardson.
Quicksilver Highway is a 1997 horror film directed by Mick Garris.
 It is based on Clive Barker's short story "The Body Politic" and Stephen King's short story "Chattery Teeth".
 The film was originally shown on television before being released on video.
"Nip/Tuck" is an American drama created by Ryan Murphy, which aired on FX in the United States between 2003 and 2010.
 The series focuses on McNamara/Troy, a plastic surgery practice, and follows its founders, Sean McNamara and Christian Troy (portrayed by Dylan Walsh and Julian McMahon).
 Each episode typically involves the cosmetic procedures of one or more patients, and also features the personal and professional lives of its main cast.
Tammy Lauren Vasquez (born November 16, 1968), known professionally as Tammy Lauren, is an American film and television actress.
 She starred in the 1997 horror film "Wishmaster", portraying Alexandra Amberson, a young woman who accidentally awakens the "Djinn", a powerful spirit more commonly known as a genie.
