Never Let Her Go is the second solo album by David Gates of Bread.
Love Is Always Seventeen is the sixth solo album by David Gates of Bread.
 It came after a 13-year break from recording.
 The album was released in 1994.
"Aubrey" is a song written and composed by David Gates, and originally recorded by the pop-rock group Bread, of which Gates was the leader and primary music producer.
 It appeared on Bread's 1972 album "Guitar Man."
 The single lasted 11 weeks on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, peaking at number 15.
 In Canada the song reached only number 41 on the pop singles chart, but reached number six on the adult contemporary chart.
 In New Zealand, "Aubrey" reached number eight.
Take Me Now is the fifth solo album by David Gates of Bread.
 It was his final album until 1994.
"The Guitar Man" is a song written by David Gates and originally recorded by the rock group Bread, of which Gates was a member.
 It first appeared on Bread's 1972 album, "Guitar Man".
 The song is a mixture of the sounds of soft rock, including strings and acoustic guitar, and the addition of a wah-wah effect electric guitar, played by Larry Knechtel.
 It peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States and their third number-one hit on the easy listening chart, (following "If" and "Baby I'm-a Want You").
Goodbye Girl is the third solo album by David Gates of Bread.
 The song "Goodbye Girl" was also used in the movie of the same name.
The David Gates Songbook is a compilation album by David Gates of Bread.
 It consists of previously released as well as new solo material; and songs with his former band Bread.
"Sweet Surrender" is a song written by David Gates and performed by Bread.
 The single was the second release from their fifth album, "Guitar Man," and was the last of four number ones for Bread on the US Easy Listening chart.
 "Sweet Surrender" spent two weeks at number one on the chart, while on the "Billboard" Hot 100, it peaked at number 15.
Falling in Love Again is the fourth solo album by David Gates of Bread.
"Lost Without Your Love" is a song written and composed by David Gates, and originally recorded by the pop-rock group Bread, of which Gates was the leader and primary music producer.
 It is the title track of Bread's 1976 album, and became their final Top 10 hit.
