Douglas "Cosmo" Clifford (born April 24, 1945 in Palo Alto, California) is an American drummer, best known as a founding member of Creedence Clearwater Revival.
 After the group dissolved in the early 1970s, Clifford released a solo album and later joined CCR bassist Stu Cook in the Don Harrison Band.
 In 1995, Clifford and Cook formed the band Creedence Clearwater Revisited, performing live versions of Creedence Clearwater Revival songs.
Fantasy Records is an American record company and label founded by brothers Max and Sol Weiss in 1949.
 The early years of the company were dedicated to issuing recordings by jazz pianist Dave Brubeck, who was also one of its investors, but the label is known more for its recordings of comedian Lenny Bruce, jazz musician Vince Guaraldi, and the rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival.
Vincent Anthony Guaraldi (July 17, 1928 – February 6, 1976), born Vincent Anthony Dellaglio, was an American jazz pianist noted for his innovative compositions and arrangements and for composing music for animated television adaptations of the "Peanuts" comic strip, as well as his performances on piano as a member of Cal Tjader's late 50s ensemble and his own solo career which included the radio hit "Cast Your Fate to the Wind".
The Long Road Home: The Ultimate John Fogerty/Creedence Collection is a compilation album by American roots rock singer-songwriter John Fogerty, released on November 1, 2005, by Fantasy Records.
 It compiles songs from Fogerty's solo career and his band Creedence Clearwater Revival.
 The title refers to Fogerty's return to Fantasy Records, after a lengthy stint with Warner Bros.
 Records and a brief stint with DreamWorks Records.
The Best of Creedence Clearwater Revival is a compilation album by American rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival, released in 1977.
 The album features all the tracks of Chronicle which was released a year earlier in 1976, as well as "Good Golly Miss Molly", "Born on the Bayou", "Cotton Fields", "Hello Mary Lou", "The Midnight Special", "Walk on the Water", and "Night Time Is the Right Time" which would appear on the 1986 release "Chronicle, Vol.
 2", and "Bootleg" which does not appear on either volume.
Creedence Clearwater Revival: Box Set is a box set by Creedence Clearwater Revival, released in 2001.
 It contains all of their complete studio albums, two complete live albums, and material recorded by the band under their previous names "The Golliwogs" and "The Blue Velvets".
 In November 2013 the box set was reissued with different artwork.
 This box set spans their career, and contains all of their complete materials.
Creedence Clearwater Revival Covers the Classics is a compilation album by Creedence Clearwater Revival.
 Released in 2009, the album contains cover versions of songs as recorded by the band.
Creedence Clearwater Revival is the debut studio album by the American rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival, released in 1968.
John Fogerty is the second solo studio album by former Creedence Clearwater Revival vocalist/guitarist John Fogerty, released in 1975.
 It was released by Asylum Records in the United States and Fantasy Records internationally.
 As with the Creedence Clearwater Revival records, the album consists of a mix of originals and cover songs.
 Although the album is eponymously titled, Fogerty himself refers to it as "Old Shep"; Shep was the name of his dog, who appears on the cover with him.
Creedence Clearwater Revisited is an American rock band formed in 1995 by two former members of Creedence Clearwater Revival – a much more well-known band with a very similar name.
 It is known for playing the music that was originally made famous by Creedence Clearwater Revival.
 The two common band members are Stu Cook (bass) and Doug "Cosmo" Clifford (drums).
