DeKalb Avenue is a street in the New York City boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, with the majority of its length in Brooklyn.
9 DeKalb Avenue, alternatively referred to as 340 Flatbush Avenue Extension, is a supertall residential skyscraper under construction for Brooklyn, New York being developed by Michael Stern's JDS Development Group and Joseph Chetrit's Chetrit Group.
 When completed it will become the tallest structure in New York City outside Manhattan, as well as the first supertall building in Brooklyn.
The DeKalb Avenue Line is a public transit line in Brooklyn and Queens, New York City, United States, running mostly along DeKalb Avenue, as well as eastbound on Lafayette Avenue (as part of a one-way pair), between downtown Brooklyn and Ridgewood, Queens.
 Originally a streetcar line, it is now the B38 DeKalb/Lafayette Avenues bus route, operated by the New York City Transit Authority.
DeKalb Avenue is a station on the BMT Canarsie Line of the New York City Subway.
 Located at the intersection of Wyckoff and DeKalb Avenues in Bushwick, Brooklyn, it is served by the L train at all times.
Myrtle Avenue was a station on the demolished BMT Lexington Avenue Line.
 It was opened on May 13, 1885 had two tracks and two side platforms.
 It was located at the intersection of Myrtle Avenue and Grand Avenue in Brooklyn, and had connections to Myrtle Avenue Line streetcars.
 A segment of the Lexington Avenue Line once ran north from here and turned west on Park Avenue to Hudson Avenue and York Street on its way to the Fulton Ferry until 1891.
 The Myrtle Avenue Elevated was built nearby in 1888, and Lexington Avenue Lines trains began to shift onto that line southwest of this station.
 It closed on October 13, 1950, although the other BMT station at that location, Grand Avenue was in operation until January 21, 1953, while the rest of the line southwest of Broadway was operational until November 3, 1969.
 The next southbound stop was Washington Avenue on the Myrtle Avenue El, but was originally another Washington Avenue station on the Park Avenue El.
 The next northbound stop was DeKalb Avenue.
Upstate New York, broadly defined as a region of the U.S. state of New York north of New York City and Westchester County, is home to several skyscrapers and high-rises.
 The tallest building in New York State is the 104-story One World Trade Center, which was completed in 2014 and rises to 1776 ft in Lower Manhattan, New York City.
 New York City, the largest city in the United States, is home to the vast majority of the skyscrapers in New York; outside the city, most of the state's skyscrapers are concentrated in Albany, Buffalo and Rochester.
 The tallest building in Upstate New York is the 44-story Erastus Corning Tower, which rises 589 ft in Albany, the state's capital city.
 Although the building is the tallest in the upstate region by a significant margin, it does not appear in the 100-tallest buildings in New York state when New York City skyscrapers are included in the ranking.
 The second-tallest building in the upstate region is the 529 ft One HSBC Center, which also stands as the tallest building in the city of Buffalo.
The Fourth Avenue Line is a rapid transit line of the BMT Division of the New York City Subway, mainly running under Fourth Avenue in Brooklyn.
 Fourth Avenue never had a streetcar line or elevated railway due to the provisions of the assessment charged to neighboring property owners when the street was widened.
 Construction of the line was only undertaken because of the efforts of the local communities.
 After the line was opened, development resulting from the line's construction transformed communitites such as Dyker Heights, Fort Hamilton and Bay Ridge.
 The line is served by the D , N , and R .
 One station, Myrtle Avenue, was abandoned in 1956 as part of the reconfiguration of the busy DeKalb Avenue Junction.
DeKalb Avenue is a local station shared by the BMT Fourth Avenue Line and the BMT Brighton Line of the New York City Subway, located at the intersection of DeKalb and Flatbush Avenues in Brooklyn.
 It is served by the Q and R train at all times, the B train on weekdays, and the D and N trains during late nights.
 During rush hours only, a few W train trips in the peak direction also serve this station.
American Copper Buildings (originally known as 626 First Avenue) is a dual-tower residential skyscraper in the Murray Hill neighborhood of New York City, in Manhattan.
 The building is being developed by JDS Development and was designed by SHoP Architects.
 The building is one of several major collaborations between JDS and SHoP; others include 111 West 57th Street, also in Manhattan, and 9 DeKalb Avenue, in Brooklyn.
Junior's is a restaurant chain with the original location at 386 Flatbush Avenue Extension at the corner of DeKalb Avenue in Downtown Brooklyn, New York City.
 Other locations include Times Square area and the lobby of the MGM Grand Hotel in the Foxwoods Resort in Ledyard, Connecticut.
 The restaurant was founded by Harry Rosen in 1950.
 It is known for New York Style cheesecake.
 According to the restaurant, it was named Junior's after Rosen's two sons, Walter and Marvin.
