"Salvador" is a science fiction short story by American writer Lucius Shepard.
 Originally published in "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fict ion" in 1984, the following year it won the Locus Poll award for Best Short Story, the SF Chronicle award for Short Story and was nominated for the Hugo and Nebula awards for Best Short Story.
"A Plague of Butterflies" is a short story by American writer Orson Scott Card.
 It was originally published in an anthology, edited by Card, entitled "Dragons of Darkness".
 His short story "Middle Woman" appeared in the same book under the pseudonym Byron Walley.
 "A Plague of Butterflies" was later reprinted in his short story collection "Maps in a Mirror".
"The Hitch-Hiker" is a short story by Roald Dahl that was originally published in the July 1977 issue of the "Atlantic Monthly", and later included in Dahl's short story collection "The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More".
 The story features a man who picks up a hitch-hiker whilst driving to London.
 The pick-pocketing of a policeman's notebook during a traffic stop closely follows "Hitch-Hike", a 1960 episode of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" based on a short story by Ed Lacy.
Geometria is a 1987 short fantasy horror comedy film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro.
 It is based loosely on Fredric Brown's short story, "Naturally", which was originally published in "Beyond Fantasy Fiction" and later reprinted in the short story collection "Honeymoon in Hell".
 "Geometria" was shot in Guadalajara, Jalisco in Mexico.
 It is the tenth short film del Toro directed, though all but 1985's "Doña Lupe" remain unreleased.
"It Grows On You" is a short story written by author Stephen King and originally published in "Marshroots", volume 3, no. 1, Fall 1973, later revised and published in August 1982 in "Whispers", and again revised for the 1993 short story collection "Nightmares & Dreamscapes".
 "It Grows on You" was nominated for the 1983 Locus Award for Best Short Story.
"The Fringe" is a science fiction short story by American writer Orson Scott Card, originally published in the October 1985 issue of "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction".
 It was later reprinted in his short story collection "The Folk of the Fringe" and in "Future on Ice", a short story collection edited by Card.
"A Deal in Ostriches" is a short story by the British writer H. G. Wells.
 It is a cautionary tale about simple human greed.
 The taxidermist of Wells’ story "Triumphs of a Taxidermist" (1894) makes a return appearance as the narrator of the story.
 The story was originally published anonymously in the December 20th, 1894 issue of the Pall Mall Gazette and later published in the 1895 short story collection "The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents".
 The story is the tale of a carefully crafted and skillfully executed con that exploited the natural greed the protagonist's fellow passengers.
"Light of Other Days" is a science fiction short story by Bob Shaw.
 It was originally published in August 1966 in "Analog Science Fiction and Fact."
 It was shortlisted for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story in 1966, and was shortlisted for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1967.
 The story uses the idea of "slow glass": glass through which light takes years to pass.
 Bob Shaw used this idea again in later stories.
The Smurfs: The Legend of Smurfy Hollow is an American computer/traditionally animated short film based on "The Smurfs" comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo.
 The animated short was written by Todd Berger and directed by Stephan Franck, and it stars the voices of Melissa Sturm, Fred Armisen, Anton Yelchin, Alan Cumming and Hank Azaria.
 The film was produced by Sony Pictures Animation with the animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks and Duck Studios.
 "The Smurfs: The Legend of Smurfy Hollow" was released on DVD on September 10, 2013.
 The film is loosely based on Washington Irving's short story "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow".
The Smurfs (French: "Les Schtroumpfs" ) is a Belgian comic series, created by cartoonist Peyo (pen name of Pierre Culliford).
 The titular creatures were introduced as supporting characters in an already established series, "Johan and Peewit" in 1958, and starred in their own series from 1959.
 Thirty "Smurf" comic albums have been created, 16 of them by Peyo.
 Originally, the "Smurf" stories appeared in "Spirou" magazine with reprints in many different magazines, but after Peyo left the publisher Dupuis, many comics were first published in dedicated "Smurf" magazines, which existed in French, Dutch and German.
 A number of short stories and one page gags have been collected in comic books next to the regular series of 30.
 By 2008, "Smurf" comics have been translated into 25 languages, and some 25 million albums have been sold.
 A new Smurfs comic album sold in 2009 in French alone some 140,000 copies.
 A new "Smurfs" comic album was released in 2012, now making thirty total titles.
 Another one was issued in 2013, now making thirty-one total titles.
