Multiple citizenship, also called dual citizenship or multiple nationality or dual nationality, is a person's citizenship status, in which a person is concurrently regarded as a citizen of more than one state under the laws of those states.
 There is no international convention which determines the nationality or citizen status of a person, which is defined exclusively by national laws, which vary and can be inconsistent with each other.
 Multiple citizenship arises because different countries use different, and not necessarily mutually exclusive, criteria for citizenship.
 Colloquial speech refers to people "holding" multiple citizenship but technically each nation makes a claim that this person be considered its national.
The British Nationality (Hong Kong) Selection Scheme, usually known in Hong Kong as simply the British Nationality Selection Scheme (BNSS), was a process whereby the Governor of Hong Kong, by Order of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom in the British Privy Council, invited certain classes of people, who were permanent residents of Hong Kong with the right of abode, under the Hong Kong Immigration Ordinance, "Chapter 115" "", and who were also considered British nationals under Parts II, III and IV and Part V, Section 38, of the British Nationality Act 1981, "Chapter 61", but were not British citizens (with the right of abode in the United Kingdom) under Part I, Sections 1 and 2, of the 1981 Act, to apply to be considered and then be selected to become registered as British citizens under the British Nationality (Hong Kong) Act 1990, "Chapter 34", by the British Home Secretary, under the advice and the recommendation of the Governor with the consent of the British Foreign Secretary.
British Overseas citizenship is a form of British nationality under the British Nationality Act 1983.
 BOCs are British nationals but do not have the right of abode in the United Kingdom.
 This citizenship is normally for certain people who retained British nationality after independence (e.g. Kenya), but do not have enough ties with the United Kingdom.
Romani people (Czech: "Romové" , commonly known as Gypsies Czech: "Cikáni" ) in the Czech Republic constitute a minority.
 According to the last census from 2011, the Romani nationality was reported by the total of 13,150 inhabitants.
 Only a small part of them filled in only the Romani nationality (5 199).
 Most of them stated the Romani nationality in combination with another one, for example, the Romani and Czech, the Romani and Moravian and the like (7,951).
 In the 2001 Census, 11,746 people reported the Romani nationality – at that time it was 0.1% of those claiming some nationality.
 In 2011, the result 13,150 is 0.2% of those, who reported some nationality.
Korean nationality (Korean: 한국국적 ) refers to citizenship of the Korea.
 Korean citizen (Korean: 한국인 ) refers to citizen of the Korea.
 Korea is divided into two distinct sovereign states, North Korea (Democratic People's Republic of Korea) and South Korea (Republic of Korea).
 Nowadays, there are three kinds of Korean nationality: South Korean nationality, North Korean nationality, and Chōsen-seki (ethnic Koreans in Japan who have neither Japanese nor South Korean citizenship).
Japanese nationality is a legal designation and set of rights granted to those people who have met the criteria for citizenship by parentage or by naturalization.
 Nationality is in the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice and is generally governed by the Nationality Law of 1950.
The Nationality Law of the People's Republic of China regulates nationality of the People's Republic of China.
 Chinese nationality is usually obtained either by birth when at least one parent is of Chinese nationality or by naturalization.
Adolf (Christoph Wilhelm) Bestelmeyer (21 December 1875 – 21 November 1957) was a German experimental physicist.
The Paris metropolitan area has a large North African/Maghrebian (Arabs and Berbers) population.
 As of 2012 the majority of those of African origin living in Paris come from the Maghreb, including Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
 There were 30,000 people with Algerian nationality, 21,000 persons with Moroccan nationality, and 15,000 persons with Tunisian nationality in the city of Paris in 2009.
 In addition, there were thousands of Maghrebian Jews who fled the Maghreb as a consequence of the post-World War II Jewish exodus from Arab and Muslim countries.
A Fuhrer city, or Führerstadt in German, was a status given to five German cities in 1937 by Adolf Hitler, the dictator of Nazi Germany.
 The status was based on Hitler's vision of undertaking gigantic urban transformation projects in these cities based on his own conceptions as executed by German architects including Albert Speer, Paul Ludwig Troost, German Bestelmeyer, Konstanty Gutschow, Hermann Giesler, Leonhard Gall and Paul Otto August Baumgarten.
 More modest reconstruction projects were to take place in thirty-five other cities, although some sources assert this number was as high as fifty.
 These plans were however not realised for the greater part because of the onset of the Second World War, although construction continued to take place even in wartime circumstances at Hitler's insistence.
