EverTrust Bank (華信商業銀行), or Ever Trust Bank and Evertrust Bank, as its advertisement often appeared in the local Chinese media, is an overseas Chinese bank in the United States.
 Headquartered in the Puente Hills Mall in Industry, California, with branch offices in Alhambra, California, Tustin, California, Rosemead, California, Cupertino, California, and Arcadia, California this privately held community bank was established on May 3, 1995.
Lady Huang, also known in fiction and folklore as Huang Yueying, was the wife of Zhuge Liang, chancellor and regent of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period.
 Her name was not recorded in history; "Huang Yueying" is simply a fictional name.
Taiwan Passport Sticker (Traditional Chinese: 台灣國護照貼紙) is a set of passport stickers designed by pro-Taiwan independence activist Denis Chen in 2015.
 Taiwanese pro-independence supporters placed the sticker on the front cover of Taiwan passports to re-brand the country's official name from "中華民國" and "Republic of China" to the fictional name "台灣國" (lit.
 "State of Taiwan") and "Republic of Taiwan" (ROT).
 The country's national emblem, which is nearly identical to the emblem of Kuomintang, can also be replaced by the cartoons of images unique to Taiwan, including Jade Mountain, the island’s highest mountain; Formosan black bear; and pro-democracy activist Cheng Nan-jung.
Kyle Onstott (January 12, 1887 in Du Quoin, Illinois – June 1, 1966) was an American novelist, known for his best-selling novel "Mandingo" (1957), which deals with slavery on an Alabama plantation with the fictional name of Falconhurst in the 1830s.
 The book was made into a 1961 play and film of the same name, which was released in 1975.
Scott Yaphe (born February 16, 1970) is a Canadian actor and comedian best known as a cast member of the YTV variety show "It's Alive!
".
 After its cancellation in 1997, Yaphe and a few other "It's Alive!"
 regulars such as Mike Beaver and Patricia Ribeiro, moved over to the game show "Uh Oh!
", where he became the host by his fictional name, "Wink Yahoo".
 Yaphe appeared in the movie "Amelia" in the third quarter of 2009, as well as in the recurring roles of Sliver in the second season of Disney XD's, "Aaron Stone" and as Zafer Griffin in the new Cartoon Network live-action series, "Unnatural History".
 He can also be seen in the ABC police drama "Rookie Blue" which began in 2010.
Esther Vanhomrigh (known by the pseudonym Vanessa; c. 1688 – 2 June 1723), an Irish woman of Dutch descent, was a longtime lover and correspondent of Jonathan Swift.
 Swift's letters to her were published after her death.
 Her fictional name "Vanessa" was created by Swift by taking "Van" from her surname, Vanhomrigh, and adding "Esse", the pet form of her first name, Esther.
Gotham Skyline Productions (also known as Gothamskyline or GSP) is an International motion picture production company founded by the trio Ravi Shankar, Satya Komal and Jagadish Kumar.
 The name Gotham Skyline Productions derives from "Gotham", the fictional name of New York City appearing in DC Comics publications.
Mairead, Máiréad or Mairéad, is a feminine name and the Irish variation of the given name Margaret, which is believed to mean "pearl".
 Another spelling variation is Maighread, which is the dominant Scottish Gaelic spelling of the name; the fictional name Merida is derived from Maighread.
Max Heiliger was a fictional name created during the Nazi era under authority of "Reichsbank" president Walther Funk in a secret arrangement with leader of the "Schutzstaffel", Heinrich Himmler.
 It was a false identity used to establish bank accounts to launder valuables stolen from those killed in the Nazi system of concentration camps and extermination camps. Stolen banknotes and jewelry along with Holocaust victims' dental gold, wedding rings, and even scrap gold melted down from spectacles-frames flooded into the Max Heiliger accounts, completely filling several bank vaults by 1942.
 "Heiliger" accounts were also sometimes used to fence valuables at Berlin's municipal pawn shops.
Ego Leonard is a Dutch painter and sculptor, and possibly an anonymous guerrilla artist, whose works prominently feature outsized Lego figures. Sometimes the name also is applied to sculpture, apparently made by Leonard, which have been found on beaches at various locations in the world since the late 2000s.
 The sculptures are in the form of "minifigures", but constructed from fibreglass enlarged to two and a half metres in height, and have the message, "No Real Than You Are" in capital letters written on their torsos.
 The appearance of an "Ego Leonard" giant figure on Siesta Beach, Florida became number two on the "Time" list of the "Top 10 Oddball-News Stories of 2011."
 It is unclear whether Ego Leonard is the name of a person or merely is a fictional character as the figure, but it is most likely a fictional name, as Ego Leonard can be reworked to read L, Ego or LEGO.
 The letters can also be rearranged to spell "A LEGO nerd".
