Diamond Hoo Ha is the sixth and final studio album by British alternative rock band Supergrass, released in the UK on 24 March 2008, and offers a return to punchier Supergrass songs, in comparison to the more mellow "Road to Rouen", their previous album released in 2005.
 Several songs appearing on the album were performed at Guilfest 2007.
 In November 2007, the track "Diamond Hoo Ha Man"—one of the songs debuted at Guilfest—was distributed as the first single on a limited vinyl release, restricted to 1500 copies. "
Bad Blood" followed as the second single on 17 March 2008, peaking in the top 75 at #73.
Japanese rock (Japanese: 日本のロック , Hepburn: Nihon no Rokku ) , sometimes abbreviated to , is rock music from Japan.
 Influenced by American and British rock of the 1960s, the first rock bands in Japan performed what is called Group Sounds, with lyrics almost exclusively in English.
 Folk rock band Happy End in the early 1970s are credited as the first to sing rock music in the Japanese language.
 Punk rock band the Blue Hearts and heavy metal group X Japan, led Japanese rock bands in the late 1980s and early 1990s by achieving major mainstream success.
 Japanese rock music has become a cult worldwide, being widely known in Asia and has survived through decades competing with its contemporary derivative local style J-pop.
Gareth "Gaz" Michael Coombes (born 8 March 1976 in Oxford) is an English musician and singer-songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist and guitarist of the English alternative rock band Supergrass.
 He first entered the music scene aged sixteen as the lead singer of the band The Jennifers which featured Supergrass bandmate Danny Goffey.
 Coombes was noticeable for his large sideburns during the 1990s.
Cheapskate is a US-only single from Britpop band Supergrass' second album "In It For The Money" that rose to #35 for four weeks on the US Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart.
 While being only a 7" promotional single, it has an accompanying music video, that was, for an unknown reason, left off the Supergrass Is 10 DVD.
I Should Coco is the debut studio album by English alternative rock band Supergrass, released through Parlophone in May 1995.
 Supergrass were formed in 1993 by Gaz Coombes, Mick Quinn and Danny Goffey and they released their debut single from the album, "Caught by the Fuzz", in May 1995 on the small independent local label Backbeat Records and was re-released with Parlophone.
 The title of the album is cockney rhyming slang for "I should think so".
Demons are a punk rock/garage punk band from Sweden.
 The band includes quotation marks in their name to differentiate themselves from other bands with a similar name.
 Their music has been described as "punk 'n' roll", but the band claims it should only be described as high-energy rock.
 Their musical style relies heavily on the energy derived from punk rock.
 Influences include 1960s garage rock bands such as The Sonics, The Standells and Shadows of Knight, The Velvet Underground, The Stooges and New York Dolls; and punk rock bands such as The Damned, The Heartbreakers and The Saints; and early hardcore punk bands such as Black Flag, Bad Brains and Dead Kennedys.
 "Demons" has often been compared to contemporary groups like New Bomb Turks, The Hellacopters and Electric Frankenstein.
G.a.s. Drummers was a melodic hardcore band formed in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain at the end of 1997 by three teenagers who stood out from their other students due to their colourful hair dies and their taste in the california punk rock bands such as Bad Religion, Operation Ivy, NOFX, Lagwagon, The Descendents etc.
 Original members from other small local bands Dani Llamas (guitar and vocals), Pakomoto (Bass and vocals) and Rafa Camison (Drums) started playing together and composing their own music and after one year of sending demos around the country they got put as the opening act for Swedish Punk Rock band Randy on their Spanish tour.
 A tour that took the band through the whole country helping a lot of Spanish kids discover that there were actually Spanish bands capable of sounding as good as some of their favorite American bands.
 This lead immediately the band to sign to a young record label called Slide Chorus Records a young emerging record label from Madrid which would start releasing albums for other Spanish Punk Rock bands.
 This first release titled Proud To Be Nothing hit the streets at the end of 1999 and was presented on their first European tour which covered Spain, Great Britain, France and the Netherlands amongst Spanish punk rock legend[P.P.M.
Supergrass is the third album by the English alternative rock band Supergrass.
 It was released in the UK on 20 September 1999 and reached #3.
 It is often referred to as "the X-ray album", due to the picture on the sleeve.
 In Australia a free CD was included with some live tracks.
Haitian rock, or rock kreyòl, started as rock n roll in Haiti in the early 1960s.
 It was played by rock bands called "yeye" bands.
 The name "yeye" derives from the Beatles lyrical verse, "yeah, yeah, yeah", which took off in the United States and was listened to by upper class Haitian families who had access to the radio.
 Young Haitians formed small electric guitar-based bands.
 These "yeye" rock bands were short-lived, as the addition of "compas" to their repertoires resulted in a sound was called mini-jazz, or "mini-djaz" in creole.
"Rebel In You" is a song by British rock band Supergrass.
 It is the third single from the album "Diamond Hoo Ha", and is the band's final single release.
 "Rebel in You" with B-side "Car Crash", was limited to 1500 copies on 7" white vinyl only and released on 30 June 2008 via Supergrass Records (the release date and distribution, however, were delayed past 30 June due to a problem at the record pressing plant).
 The single is only available for mail order purchase from the Supergrass Records website, with the first 200 copies ordered being signed by the band themselves.
 The single was planned to be distributed by Parlophone, but EMI refused to fund its release, along with any costs for the creation of an accompanying video.
 The singles' covers all follow the trend of having a gorilla's hand on them.
