Chuck-a-luck, also known as birdcage, is a game of chance played with three dice.
 It is derived from grand hazard and both can be considered a variant of sic bo, which is a popular casino game, although chuck-a-luck is more of a carnival game than a true casino game.
 The game is sometimes used as a fundraiser for charity.
Ugolki is a two-player board game, similar to halma, that is typically played on an 8×8 grid board with 16 game pieces per player.
 It is said to have been invented in Europe in the late 18th century.
 Variations on the size of the board and the number of game pieces also exist.
Operation Snake Eyes was a proposed military operation of the Laotian Civil War.
 Planned in mid-December 1969 by the U.S. Ambassador to Laos, the planned interdiction of the newly constructed Chinese Road, Route 46, was aimed at halting the road's progress toward the border with Thailand.
 The offensive by guerrilla raiders was delayed six months for operational reasons.
 When it was finally ready to be launched, it was pre-empted by the furor caused by the Cambodian Incursion.
 Fearful that Operation Snake Eyes would arouse even greater publicity, the Central Intelligence Agency handlers of the guerrillas canceled the operation on orders of the White House.
 Attempts to limit Chinese expansion toward the south would be left to future operations, such as Operation Phalat and Operation Sourisak Montry.
Connect 4x4 (spoken as Connect Four by Four) is a three-dimensional-thinking strategy game first released in 2009 by Milton Bradley.
 The goal of the game is identical to that of its similarly named predecessor, Connect Four.
 Players take turns placing game pieces in the grid-like, vertically suspended playing field until one player has four of his or her color lined up horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.
 Unlike its predecessor, Connect 4x4 uses a double grid, two different types of game pieces, and can be played by up to four people at once.
Snake Eyes (also released as "Snake-Eyes") is a fictional character from the "" toyline, comic books, and cartoon series.
 He is one of the original and most popular members of the G.I. Joe Team, and is most known for his relationships with Scarlett and Storm Shadow.
 Snake Eyes is one of the most prominent characters in the "G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero" franchise, having appeared in every series of the franchise since its inception.
 He is portrayed by Ray Park in the 2009 live-action film "", and the 2013 sequel "".
In gambling in general and the game of Craps in particular, snake eyes is the outcome of rolling the dice in a game and getting only one pip on each die.
 The pair of pips resembles a pair of eyes, which is appended to the word "snake" because of the creature's long-standing association with treachery and betrayal.
 The dictionary of etymology traces use of the term as far back as 1929.
 Ancient Roman dice games used the term "dogs" to describe a throw of double ones, referring to this as "the dog throw".
Xu Feng: John Zorn's Game Pieces Volume 1 is an album by American composer and saxophonist/multi-instrumentalist John Zorn consisting of game pieces.
 It features improvisations performed by an ensemble of pairs of musicians using the same instruments: Chris Brown and David Slusser on electronics; Fred Frith and John Schott on guitars; and Dave Lombardo (from Slayer) and William Winant on drums and percussion.
 The album is titled after Xu Feng, a Taiwanese actress featured in many martial arts films who appears on the cover artwork.
Pichenotte is a French Canadian tabletop game, with a board, game pieces and rules similar to carrom.
 Used more broadly, the term is a general name for tabletop games played with small (usually wooden) pieces that are flicked using the thumb and index (or middle) finger, including such games as carrom, sharing a similarity in that their mechanics lie somewhere between pocket billiards and shuffleboard.
 The term is sometimes also mistakenly used as the actual name of other games of this class, such as carrom and crokinole.
 Commercially produced boards are available, some under the trade name Pinnochi.
 The game is sometimes referred to as "piche" or "pish".
Storm Shadow is a fictional character from the toyline, comic books and cartoon series.
 He is best known as the Cobra Commander's ninja bodyguard, and for his history with fellow ninja Snake Eyes.
 Throughout their history, he has changed sides several times; conflicted in loyalties between Cobra, G.I. Joe, and his blood brother, Snake Eyes.
 Storm Shadow is one of the most prominent characters in the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero franchise, and has appeared in every series since its inception.
 He is portrayed by Lee Byung-hun in the 2009 live-action film "", and the 2013 sequel "".
Game piece is a concept of experimental music having its roots with composers Iannis Xenakis, Christian Wolff , John Zorn and Mathius Shadow-Sky.
 Game pieces may be considered controlled improvisation.
 An essential characteristic is that there is no pre-arranged sequence of events.
 They unfold freely according to certain rules, like in a sports game.
 Therefore, game pieces have elements of improvisation.
 A number of methods can be used to determine the direction and evolution of the music, including hand gestures and shuffled cards, as in his file-card compositions.
 Zorn's game piece "Cobra", which has been recorded several times for various labels, uses a combination of cards and gestures and can be performed by an ensemble of any size and composition.
 Zorn's game pieces, written in the late 1970s and mid-1980s, include "Cobra", "Hockey", "Lacrosse", and "Xu Feng".
 His file-card compositions include "Spillane" and "Godard".
.
 Mathius Shadow-Sky (born 1961) developed music gaming system founded on Roger Caillois, Gilles Deleuze, and Lewis Caroll's concepts to create new 'scoring' for music.
 Starting in 1980 with Ludus Musicae Temporarium for an 'archisonic lamps consort' , followed by several music games among them: The Ephemerodes Card of Chrones in 1984 for a broken piano orchestra, a temporal music game based on elastic rhythms interactions (within nonoctave scales for sliding morphing harmony) .
