Paul Kelly is an Australian rock musician.
 He started his career in 1974 in Hobart, Tasmania and has performed as a solo artist, in bands as a member or has led bands named after himself.
 Some backing bands recorded their own material under alternate names, Professor Ratbaggy and Stardust Five, with Kelly as an individual member.
 As of June 2013, Paul Kelly's current band members are Bree Van Reyk on drums, Zoe Hauptmann on bass guitar/backing vocals, his nephew Dan Kelly on lead guitar/backing vocals and J. Walker on guitar.
Emo is a genre of rock music characterized by an emphasis on emotional expression, sometimes through confessional lyrics.
 It emerged as a style of post-hardcore from the mid-1980s hardcore punk movement of Washington, D.C., where it was known as emotional hardcore or emocore and pioneered by Washington, D.C. hardcore bands such as Rites of Spring and Embrace.
 However, as the genre was taken up by a new generation of musicians in the early 1990s, its sound and meaning shifted and changed and it was reinvented as a style of indie rock and pop punk by bands such as Jawbreaker, Sunny Day Real Estate, Weezer, and Jimmy Eat World.
 By the mid-1990s, numerous emo acts such as Braid, The Promise Ring, and the Get Up Kids emerged in the Midwestern and Central United States, and several independent record labels began to specialize in the genre.
 Meanwhile, a more aggressive style of emo, screamo, had also emerged, pioneered by the San Diego bands Heroin and Antioch Arrow.
The literary genre of science fiction is diverse, and its exact definition remains a contested question among both scholars and devotees.
 This lack of consensus is reflected in debates about the genre's history, particularly over determining its exact origins.
 There are two broad camps of thought, one that identifies the genre's roots in early fantastical works such as the Sumerian "Epic of Gilgamesh" (earliest Sumerian text versions c. 2150–2000 BCE).
 A second approach argues that science fiction only became possible sometime between the 17th and early 19th centuries, following the scientific revolution and major discoveries in astronomy, physics, and mathematics.
Frosted Ambassador was an enigmatic release on Kindercore Records in 1999.
 While press releases claimed a long career in bands named Chronicle Ape and the New Sound and a failed solo career before "moving to Belgium to study toast," evidence suggests that the project was actually the brainchild of The Olivia Tremor Control's drummer Eric Harris, as the two bands shared a song on the album and a compilation, and William Cullen Hart created the artwork for the album.
 Also, The Olivia Tremor Control had a song on their album "Dusk at Cubist Castle" named "Frosted Ambassador"
Akeakamai (c. 1976 – November 22, 2003) was a female Atlantic bottlenose dolphin, which, along with a companion female dolphin named Phoenix, as well as tankmates Elele and Hiapo, were the subjects of Louis Herman's animal language studies at the Kewalo Basin Marine Mammal Laboratory in Honolulu, Hawaii.
 The most well-known paper is the original work described in Herman, Richards, & Wolz (1984).
 Akeakamai was also the subject of many other scientific studies of dolphin cognition and sensory abilities.
Fusiles, also known as arte de fusil (literally "art of the projection") was a shift in the Mexican music industry towards more exact covers of foreign rock.
 This shift focused on performing covers in English as opposed to performing the same covers in Spanish.
 Mexican cover bands had been popular since the early 1950s, and more and more of these bands, such as the popular Los Dug Dug's, included both English and Spanish translations on their records.
 This focus on the authenticity of the music often led to cover bands to create very exact interpretations of foreign rock.
 As one critic, José Agustín, said certain songs even “exceeded the original versions”.
 Although this movement was very popular, due to high costs, access to original British records or live performances of British artists were difficult to come by.
 Thus, these cover bands were often the only connection to the global music industry that Mexico had.
Sham Wedding/Hoax Funeral is a split CD featuring Austin, Texas "brother bands" Okkervil River and Shearwater.
 It was first available only at North American tour dates in the spring and summer of 2004, but fans later were able to purchase it online.
 The tracks include demos, unreleased songs and old standards.
 Mark Pedini, former drummer of Okkervil River, provided the artwork for the album cover.
Lucas Harrison Oswald (born June 11, 1988) is an American musician, known as a multi-instrumental and vocal contributor to the bands Shearwater, The Appleseed Cast, Minus Story, Hospital Ships, and Old Canes.
 He composed music for the second and third seasons of Green Porno and one episode of the American television show Boss.
The Bryan's shearwater ("Puffinus bryani") is a species of shearwater that may occur around the Hawaiian Islands.
 It is the smallest species of shearwater and is black and white with a bluish gray beak and blue tarsi.
 First collected in 1963 and thought to be a little shearwater ("Puffinus assimilis") it was determined using DNA analysis to be distinct in 2011.
 It is rare and possibly threatened and there is little information on its breeding or non-breeding ranges.
 It is named after Edwin Horace Bryan Jr. a former curator of the B. P. Bishop Museum at Honolulu.
"Shearwater, The Mullumbimby Steiner School", also known as "Shearwater Steiner School", is a private co-ed school that caters for primary and secondary education; years K-12.
 There is also a pre-school day care on campus.
 It is so named after the Shearwater bird; its local township, "Biggest Little Town in Australia", Mullumbimby, in New South Wales; and because it is based on the philosophy of Rudolf Steiner.
