"Some People Change" is a song written by Julian Williams, Neil Thrasher, Jason Sellers, and Michael Dulaney.
 It was originally recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney for his 2004 album "When the Sun Goes Down".
 It was then recorded by Canadian country music artist George Canyon for his 2006 album "Somebody Wrote Love".
 Finally, by American country music duo Montgomery Gentry recorded their version of the song and released it as a single.
 It was released in August 2006 as the lead single from their 2006 album of the same name.
 It peaked at number 7 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart and at number 57 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
"The Heart" is a song written and originally recorded by American country music artist Kris Kristofferson on his 1986 album "Repossessed".
 It was covered by American country music artist Lacy J. Dalton on her 1989 album "Survivor" and released in January 1989 as the album's first single.
 Dalton's version of the song peaked at number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
"I Won't Need You Anymore (Always and Forever)" is a song written by Max D. Barnes and Troy Seals, and first recorded by American country music artist George Jones on his 1981 album "Still the Same Ole Me", and later recorded by American country music artist Randy Travis.
 It was released in August 1987 as the second single from his album "Always & Forever".
 It became his fourth number 1 hit.
 It peaked at number 1 on both the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks and the Canadian "RPM" country Tracks chart.
"Statue of a Fool" is a song written by David Ruffin and recorded by many country artists.
 It was first recorded in 1969 by country music artist Jack Greene where it was released as a single and became a number 1 hit.
 Brian Collins recorded and released it in 1974 from his second album, "This Is Brian Collins".
 It peaked at number 10 on the country charts.
 David Ruffin, formerly of The Temptations, also recorded a version of the song in 1975.
 Bill Medley, formerly of The Righteous Brothers, also released a rendition in 1979 that went to number 91 on the same chart.
 In 1989, it was recorded by country music artist Ricky Van Shelton, who released it as a single from the album, "RVS III".
 It peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart and hit #1 on the Canadian "RPM" country singles chart.
"Say Forever You'll Be Mine" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Dolly Parton as a duet with American country music artist Porter Wagoner.
 It was released in August 1975 as the first single from their album "Say Forever You'll Be Mine".
 The song peaked at number 5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
"Sugar-Foot Rag" (or Sugarfoot Rag) is a song written by Hank Garland and Vaughn Horton (given on Red Foley's record label as George Vaughn).
 It was originally recorded by Garland and released in 1949, selling over a million records.
 It was then recorded by American country music artist Red Foley in 1950.
 It was also recorded by American country music artist Jerry Reed and released in November 1979 as the lead single from his album, "Texas Bound and Flyin".
 The song reached a peak of number 12 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and number 13 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
 Junior Brown covered Sugar Foot Rag on his 1993 album "Guit with It."
"Love Me Like You Used To" is a song written by Paul Davis and Bobby Emmons, and recorded by American country music artist Johnny Cash for his 1985 studio album "Rainbow".
 The song was later recorded by American country music artist Tanya Tucker in 1987.
 The song was released in July of that year as the first single and title track from Tucker's album "Love Me Like You Used To".
 The song reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
"Don't Laugh at Me" is a song written by Allen Shamblin and Steve Seskin, and recorded by American country music artist Mark Wills.
 It was released in July 1998 as the second single from album "Wish You Were Here".
 Like "I Do (Cherish You)" before it, "Don't Laugh at Me" was a number 2 hit on the "Billboard" country charts.
 The song received Country Music Association nominations for Country Music Association's Single, Song and Video of the Year in 1998.
"A Bad Goodbye" is a song written by American country music artist Clint Black, and recorded by him as a duet with fellow country music artist Wynonna.
 The song was recorded after the two toured together during their "Black and Wy" tour in 1993.
 It was released in May 1993 as the first single from Black's album "No Time to Kill".
 It peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, behind "Chattahoochee" by Alan Jackson.
 In addition, it was Black's first appearance on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at number 43 there.
"Making Memories of Us" is a song written by American country music artist Rodney Crowell that has been recorded by several artists.
 The first version was recorded by American country music artist Tracy Byrd on his 2003 album "The Truth About Men".
 One year later, Crowell and Vince Gill recorded the song as members of The Notorious Cherry Bombs, a side project comprising former members of Crowell's backing band.
