Jerome "Jerry" Balmuth (born May 8, 1924-September 28, 2017) is an American philosoher and the Harry Emerson Fosdick Professor of Philosophy and Religion, Emeritus, at Colgate University in Hamilton, New York.
Harry Emerson "Dad" Vail, was a rowing (crew) coach at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, United States.
 The Dad Vail Regatta, held annually in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is named in his honor.
The American Friends of the Middle East (AFME) was a pro-Arabist organization often critical of U.S. support for Israel that was formed in 1951 by columnist Dorothy Thompson, Kermit Roosevelt, Jr., and 24 further American educators, theologians, and writers (including Harry Emerson Fosdick).
 Virginia Gildersleeve, Roosevelt, Fosdick and others had founded a similarly oriented Committee for Justice and Peace in the Holy Land in 1948, which was subsumed into the new organization.
Beersville is a small community in Weldford Parish located 3.92 km SSE of Fords Mills and was named for John A. Beers (1860–1951) The community had a Post Office from 1900–1965 and in 1904 Beersville was a station on the Intercolonial Railway and a farming settlement with 1 post office, 1 store, 1 sawmill, 1 church and a population of 100.
 At one point it was a part of Emerson, at another, Emerson was a separate community but the place name was removed and the name is now honoured in the area by a road through Beersville called Emerson Road.
 Emerson was possibly named for Henry Robert Emerson (1853–1914), the Premier of New Brunswick from 1897–1900 and in 1904 Emerson was a farming settlement with 1 post office.
 Beersville is located on Route 465.
Harry Emerson Fosdick (May 24, 1878 – October 5, 1969) was an American pastor.
 Fosdick became a central figure in the "Fundamentalist–Modernist Controversy" within American Protestantism in the 1920s and 1930s and was one of the most prominent liberal ministers of the early 20th century.
 Although a Baptist, he was called to serve as pastor, in New York City, at First Presbyterian Church in Manhattan's West Village, and then at the historic, inter-denominational Riverside Church in Morningside Heights, Manhattan.
Stewart Cleveland Cureton Born March 24, 1930,To Santee Argo Cureton and Martha Arrye Henderson Cureton.
 He is the sixth child of seven.
 He was educated in the Greenville County school system, graduating from Sterling High School in 1949.
 Having already accepted God's call to preach at the age of seventeen, he continued his education at Benedict College, Columbia, South Carolina, earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1953.
 On December 27, 1954, Dr. Cureton married the love of his life, Claudette Hazel Chapman Cureton.
 From their union four children were born, Ruthye, Stewart Jr., Santee Charles, and Samuel.
 Samuel followed his father into the ministry.
 Dr. Cureton modeled his belief that an effective leader needs both a "baptized heart and a baptized brain", and through the years continued his education by studying at numerous other colleges and universities throughout North Carolina and South Carolina.
 He was awarded the Doctor of Divinity degree from Morris College, Sumter, South Carolina and Benedict College, Columbia, South Carolina.
 He began his pastorate in 1953 as pastor of Old Pilgrim Baptist Church, Greenville, South Carolina: New Galilee Baptist Church, Walhala, South CArolina; Rock Hill Baptist Church #2, Greenville, South Carolina; Griffin Ebenezer Baptist Church, Pickens, South Carolina and Gethsemane Baptist Church, Chester, South Carolina.
 In 1965 he was called to pastor Reedy Fork Baptist Church and Reedy River Baptist Church which was his home church.
 In 1978 he became the full-time pastor of Reedy River Baptist Church.
 Under his leadership the membership and influence of Reedy River BAptist Church grew exponentially.
 He led the membership to build two new sanctuaries and a Family Life Center that became the model for many other churches in the Greenville area.
 Dr. Cureton was committed to education, understanding that it is only through education that people can reach their full potential.
 Dr. Cureton rose from humble beginnings to become a local, state and national leader.
 Among his many accomplishments: served as Moderator of the Reedy River Baptist Association; served as President of the Baptist Educational & Missionary Convention of South CArolina (1986-1991); served as Second Vice President, Vice President-at-Large and President of the NAtional Baptist Convention,USA,Inc; appointed as a Commission Member of the United States Presidential Scholars Program by President Bill Clinton (1991-2000); awarded the Order of the Palmetto Award; served as member of the Benedict College Board of Trustees; served as member of the Morris College Board of Trustees.
 – Steward Cleveland Cureton departed this earthly life and went to his heavenly home on December 30, 2008), also known as S.C. Cureton, was President of the National Baptist Convention from March 1999 to September 1999.
 Cureton, then Vice President-At-Large, took over the leadership of the Convention when his predecessor Henry Lyons was forced to resign.
 He served the remainder of the Lyons' tenure.
 Cureton, a former math teacher at Sterling High School and Beck High School, was pastor of Reedy River Missionary Baptist Church in South Carolina at the time of his death.
 He was an advocate on state issues such as the establishment of a holiday honoring Martin Luther King in Greenville County.
 Cureton was instrumental in bringing King to Greenville for a speech in April 1967.
 Dr. Cureton was out front in integrating the Public Libraries in Greenville County, South Carolina.
 He died on December 30, 2008 aged 78.
Harry Emerson Wildes (April 3, 1890 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - 1982) an American sociologist, historian and writer who is best known for his biographies of William Penn, George Fox and Anthony Wayne.
Covenant Fellowship Church is a 1500+ member non-denominational "reformed charismatic" church in Glen Mills, Pennsylvania.
 The senior pastor is Jared Mellinger, who has led the church since 2008.
 The previous senior pastor was Dave Harvey, who led the church as senior pastor from 1990 until 2008.
 Covenant Fellowship Church was established in 1984 as a "church plant" from Covenant Life Church in Gaithersburg, Maryland.
 Covenant Fellowship Church is a part of the family of churches called Sovereign Grace Ministries.
Harry Emerson Rowbottom (November 3, 1884 – March 22, 1934) was a Republican U.S. Representative from Indiana.
Suncreek United Methodist Church is a United Methodist Church in Allen, Texas, part of the North Texas Conference of the UMC.
 In June of 1995, Rev. Burt Palmer was appointed to begin a new United Methodist Church in Allen.
 By September of that year, three families were gathering to worship at the parsonage.
 The group grew, and by the end of that year, Sunday morning worship moved to Green Elementary School.
 Then, on September 22, 1996, Suncreek was officially constituted as a United Methodist Church.
 In early 1999, the church began to build on property at Suncreek and McDermott Drives.
  This involved renovating a home that was on the site and adding additional rooms for a Sanctuary and classes.
  In September 1999, the church left Green Elementary and began meeting in the new buildings.
 Rev. Kathleen Baskin-Ball was appointed Senior Pastor of Suncreek in June 2001.
 The following May, the church gathered for a Sunday morning worship service under a large tent to kickoff a capital campaign that would purchase land, renovate the existing building, erect a new building and Sanctuary, and add parking.
 One year later, the church broke ground on this phase of its development.
 The new building was completed in April 2004 and consecrated by Bishop William B. Oden on May 23, 2004.
 In early 2007, Rev. Kathleen Baskin-Ball was diagnosed with cancer.
 Despite the challenges of her illness and treatment, she continued to lead, serve and love the congregation until her death on December 2, 2008.
 One of Kathleen’s favorite ministerial duties was performing baptisms.
  We desire to remember her with the beautiful Garden in our esplanade just south of the breezeway connecting the sanctuary with the children’s area.
 Rev. Dr. Thomas O. Palmer was appointed as Senior Pastor in June, 2009 and served until June, 2013.
  He now serves as Senior Pastor of Coppell United Methodist Church.
 Rev. Dr. Keith Payne Boone was appointed as Senior Pastor in June, 2013 and served until June, 2016.
 He now serves as Senior Pastor of University Park United Methodist Church in Dallas.
 Rev. Dr. Barry Hughes was appointed as Senior Pastor in June, 2016.
