Maja Trochimczyk (born Maria Anna Trochimczyk; 30 December 1957 in Warsaw, Poland, other name: Maria Anna Harley) is a Californian music historian, writer and poet of Polish descent.
 She published six poetry books: "Rose Always – A Court Love Story", 2008; "Miriam’s Iris, or Angels in the Garden," 2008; "Slicing the Bread: Children's Survival Manual in 25 Poems" (Finishing Line Press, 2014); "Into Light: Poems and Incantations"; an anthology "Chopin with Cherries", 2010), and a multi-faith anthology "Meditations on Divine Names".
Maria Anna Sophia of Saxony (Maria Anna Sophia Sabina Angela Franciska Xaveria; 29 August 1728 – 17 February 1797) was a daughter of King Augustus III of Poland and his wife Maria Josepha of Austria who became Electress of Bavaria.
Archduchess "Maria Anna" Isabelle Epiphanie Eugenie Gabriele of Austria, full German name: "Maria Anna Isabelle Epiphanie Eugenie Gabriele, Erzherzogin von Österreich" (6 January 1882, Linz, Upper Austria, Austria–Hungary – 25 February 1940, Lausanne, Vaud, Switzerland) was a member of the Teschen branch of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine and an Archduchess of Austria and Princess of Bohemia, Hungary, and Tuscany by birth.
 Through her marriage to Prince Elias of Bourbon-Parma (later Duke of Parma), Maria Anna was also a member of the House of Bourbon-Parma and a Princess of Bourbon-Parma.
Maria Anna Josepha of Bavaria ("Maria Anna Josepha Augusta"; 7 August 1734 – 7 May 1776) was a Duchess of Bavaria by birth and Margravine of Baden-Baden by marriage.
 She was nicknamed the "savior of Bavaria".
 She is also known as "Maria Josepha" and is sometimes styled as a "princess of Bavaria".
Maria Anna of Savoy (Italian: "Maria Anna Ricciarda Carolina Margherita Pia" ; 19 September 1803 – 4 May 1884) was Empress of Austria and Queen of Hungary (see Grand title of the Empress of Austria)) by marriage to Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria.
Infanta Alicia of Spain, Duchess of Calabria (née: "Princess of Bourbon-Parma"; given names: Alicia Maria Teresa Francesca Luisa Pia Anna Valeria; 13 November 1917 – 28 March 2017) was a daughter of Elias, Duke of Parma, and Archduchess Maria Anna of Austria.
 Alicia was Duchess of Calabria through her marriage to Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria (1901–1964).
 She bore the title of Infanta of Spain from 1936, and took part in some of the activities that the Spanish Royal Family organises.
 She was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary, and died in Madrid, Spain.
The Portrait of Maria Anna is a 1630 portrait of Maria Anna of Spain by Diego Velázquez.
 It is now in the Prado.
Giuseppe Tominz was born in Gorizia as the second of eleven children of Ivano Tominz, an Italian dealer in ironware of distant Slovene origin, and his wife Maria Anna Giacchini, a native Italian woman of Udine.
 He was educated in an Italian-speaking environment.
 He attended a primary school run by Piarists in Gorizia, where he began to learn to paint in the third year.
 He received his first training as a painter from the local artist Karel Keber and probably also from the painter Franz Caucig.
 In 1809, he left for Rome with the help of Austrian Archduchess Maria Anna, sister of Emperor Francis I of Austria, and count Francesco della Torre.
 In Rome, he studied painting with Domenico Conti Bazzani and in the Scuola del Nudo at the Accademia di San Luca.
 In 1814, he was awarded a silver medal for his drawing "Study of the Apostople".
 Two years later, he married Maria Ricci and in 1818, have two son Augusto and Alfredo will become the first director of the Revoltella Museum in Trieste.
 In the same year, Tominz returned with his family to Gorizia.
 Of his early artistic works, several anatomical studies, sketches and one of his landscapes "View of Vietri, Rieti and the Salerno Bay" have survived.
Archduchess Maria Anna of Austria (German: "Maria Anna von Habsburg, Erzherzogin von Österreich", also known as "Maria Anna von Bayern" or "Maria-Anna, Kurfürstin von Bayern"; 13 January 1610 – 25 September 1665), was by birth Archduchess of Austria and member of the House of Habsburg and by marriage Electress of Bavaria.
Maria Anna of Austria (Maria Anna Josepha; 7 September 1683 – 14 August 1754) was Queen consort of Portugal by marriage to King John V of Portugal.
 She was Regent of Portugal from 1742 until 1750 during the illness of John V.
