The County Borough of Leeds, and its predecessor, the Municipal Borough of Leeds, was a local government district in the West Riding of Yorkshire, England, from 1835 to 1974.
 Its origin was the ancient borough of Leeds, which was reformed by the Municipal Corporations Act 1835.
 In 1889, when West Riding County Council was formed, Leeds became a county borough outside the administrative county of the West Riding; and in 1893 the borough gained city status.
 The borough was extended a number of times, expanding from 21593 acres in 1911 to 40612 acres in 1961; adding in stages the former area of Roundhay, Seacroft, Shadwell and Middleton parishes and gaining other parts of adjacent districts.
 In 1971 Leeds was the fifth largest county borough by population in England.
 The county borough was abolished in 1974 and replaced with the larger City of Leeds, a metropolitan district of West Yorkshire.
The Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft is a transport museum which specialises in the preservation of trolleybuses.
 It is located by the village of Sandtoft, near Belton on the Isle of Axholme in the English county of Lincolnshire.
The Rotherham trolleybus system once served the town of Rotherham, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.
 Opened on 03   1912 (1912--) , it was the fourth trolleybus system to be established in the United Kingdom, after the systems in nearby Bradford and Leeds, which had opened simultaneously in 1911, and Dundee earlier in 1912.
 Between 1912 and 1949, the Rotherham system gradually replaced the Rotherham Tramway.
The Leeds trolleybus system served the West Riding of Yorkshire city of Leeds in England between 1911 and 1928.
 In May 2016, plans to construct a new system, the "New Generation Transport" (NGT) project, were refused approval from the UK Department for Transport, following a negative report from the planning inquiry.
The West Riding of Yorkshire is one of the three historic subdivisions of Yorkshire, England.
 From 1889 to 1974 the administrative county, County of York, West Riding (abbreviated: "County of York (W.R.)") (the area under the control of West Riding County Council), was based closely on the historic boundaries.
 The lieutenancy at that time included the City of York and as such was named West Riding of the County of York and the County of the City of York.
The West Riding County Cup is an annual football competition held between the clubs of the West Riding County Football Association which was first competed in 1927.
 It is the senior county cup for the historic West Riding of Yorkshire since the demise of the Senior Cup in 1999.
 The first winners were Leeds United Reserves in 1927.
The Isle of Axholme is a geographical area of North Lincolnshire, England.
 It is the only part of Lincolnshire west of the River Trent.
 It is between the three towns of Doncaster, Scunthorpe and Gainsborough, in the traditional West Riding of Lindsey.
Oslo Tramway Museum (Norwegian: "Sporveismuseet" is a railway museum located at Majorstuen in Oslo, Norway.
 It is dedicated to the preservation of the Oslo Tramway, Oslo T-bane, Oslo trolleybus and buses used in Oslo.
 The museum is run by the non-profit organization Lokaltrafikkhistorisk Forening (LTF) with 450 members.
 The museum also operates a heritage tramway in Vinterbro outside Oslo.
The Brooksbank Baronetcy, of Healaugh Manor, in the parish of Healaugh, in the West Riding of the County of York, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created on 15 September 1919 for Edward Brooksbank.
 He was a Justice of the Peace and a Deputy Lieutenant for the West Riding of Yorkshire.
 He was succeeded by his grandson, the second Baronet (the son of Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Brooksbank, eldest son of the first Baronet).
 He was a Colonel in the Yorkshire Yeomanry and also served as a justice of the peace and as a Deputy Lieutenant of the East Riding of Yorkshire.
 As of 2007 the title is held by his son, the third Baronet, who succeeded in 1983.
Humberside was a non-metropolitan and ceremonial county in Northern England from 1 April 1974 until 1 April 1996.
 It was composed of land from either side of the Humber Estuary, created from portions of East Riding of Yorkshire, West Riding of Yorkshire, and the district of Lindsey, Lincolnshire.
 The county council's headquarters was County Hall at Beverley, inherited from the East Riding, and its largest settlement and only city was Kingston upon Hull.
 The county stretched from Wold Newton in its northern tip to a different Wold Newton at its most southern point.
 The county still has a limited existence in the form of the Hull and Humber Ports city region.
