The Trappist Abbey of Rochefort or Abbey of Notre-Dame de Saint-Rémy, which belongs to the Cistercians of Strict Observance, is located in Rochefort in the province of Namur (Wallonia, Belgium).
 The abbey is famous for its spiritual life and its brewery, which is one of few Trappist beer breweries in the world.
 Life in the abbey is characterised by prayer, reading and manual work, the three basic elements of Trappist life.
 The motto of the abbey is "Curvata Resurgo".
Dom Martinus Dom, O.C.R., (24 December 1791 – 9 December 1873) was a Belgian Trappist monk.
 He served as the first abbot of the Trappist Abbey of Westmalle, where he founded the Westmalle Brewery.
Mariastern Abbey () is Trappist abbey in Bosnia and Herzegovina, situated near the country's second largest city Banja Luka.
 It consists of the Church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and the monastery of Trappist monks.
 It is the only Trappist monastery in Southeastern Europe.
 At the beginning of the 20th century, with 219 monks, the Abbey was the largest Trappist abbey in the world; today it is the smallest, with only two monks.
Achel Brewery or Brouwerij der Sint-Benedictusabdij de Achelse Kluis is a Belgian Trappist brewery, and the smallest of the Belgian Trappist breweries.
 It is located in the Abbey of Saint Benedict in the Belgian municipality of Hamont-Achel.
 It brews five Trappist beers.
Zundert (] ) is a Trappist beer produced by De Kievit Trappist Brewery, part of the Trappist abbey Maria Toevlucht, from the town of Zundert in the Netherlands.
Westmalle Brewery (Brouwerij der Trappisten van Westmalle) is a Trappist brewery in the Westmalle Abbey, Belgium.
 It produces three beers, designated as Trappist beer by the International Trappist Association.
 Westmalle Tripel is credited with being the first golden strong pale ale to use the term Tripel.
Trappist beer is a beer brewed by Trappist breweries.
 Eleven monasteries — six in Belgium, two in the Netherlands and one each in Austria, Italy and United States — currently brew beer and sell it as "Authentic Trappist Product".
St. Joseph's Abbey is a monastery of the Catholic Order of Cistercians of the Strict Observance (O.C.S.O.), popularly known as the "Trappists," located in Spencer, Massachusetts.
 It is known for its production and marketing of Trappist Preserves, a line of jams and jellies, which partially supports the abbey.
 On December 10, 2013 the abbey was certified by the International Trappist Association to become the first Trappist brewery in the United States and the first outside Europe.
Hamont-Achel (] ; Limburgish: "Haëmet-Achel" ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
 It was founded in 1977 by a fusion of the city Hamont and the village Achel.
 On January 1, 2006, Hamont-Achel had a total population of 13,770.
 The total area is 43.66 km² which gives a population density of 315 inhabitants per km².
 The municipality houses the Trappist Abbey of Achel, part of which is Brouwerij de Achelse Kluis, one of the 11 Trappist breweries.
The Trappist Abbey of Achel or Saint Benedictus-Abbey or also Achelse Kluis (which means hermitage of Achel), which belongs to the Cistercians of Strict Observance, is located in Achel in the Campine region of the province of Limburg (Flanders, Belgium).
 The abbey is famous for its spiritual life and its brewery, which is one of few Trappist beer breweries in the world.
 Life in the abbey is characterised by prayer, reading and manual work, the three basic elements of Trappist life.
