The Jacksonville transportation network includes ground, air, and sea options for passenger and freight transit.
 The Jacksonville Port Authority (Jaxport) operates the Port of Jacksonville, which includes container shipping facilities at "Blount Island Marine Terminal", the "Talleyrand Marine Terminal" and the "Dames Point Marine Terminal".
 Jacksonville Aviation Authority managers Jacksonville International Airport in Northside, as well as several smaller airports.
 The Jacksonville Transportation Authority (JTA) operates bus, people mover, and park-n-ride services throughout the city and region.
 A major bus terminal at the intermodal Rosa Parks Transit Station serves as JTA's main transit hub.
 Various intercity bus companies terminate near Central Station.
 Amtrak operates passenger rail service to and from major cities throughout North America.
 The city is bisected by major highways, I-95 and I-10, I-295 creates a full beltway around the city.
Spanish River Boulevard is a short east–west highway in Boca Raton, Palm Beach County, Florida.
 The eastern 0.5 mi is signed as State Road 800 (SR 800), though the western segment was formerly SR 800 as well.
 The western terminus of the boulevard is at Military Trail (CR 809), but the state route does not begin until Federal Highway {US 1).
 Both the state route and the road itself terminate at Ocean Boulevard (SR A1A) near the Atlantic Ocean shoreline at the northeastern corner of Spanish River Park, near Highland Beach.
Highway 35 is a paved undivided provincial highway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 It runs from the US Border near Port of Oungre (where it meets United States Route 85) to a dead end near the north shore of Tobin Lake.
 Saskatchewan Highway 35 is about 540 km long.
 The CanAm Highway comprises Saskatchewan Highways 35, SK Hwy 39, SK Hwy 6, SK Hwy 3, SK Hwy 2 and U.S. Route 85.
 46.5 mi of SK Hwy 35 contribute to the CanAm Highway between Port of Oungre on the Canada – United States border and Weyburn.
 Mudslides, and spring flooding were huge road building and maintenance problems around Nipawin as well as along the southern portion of the route named the "Greater Yellow Grass Marsh".
 Over 20 early dams were built until the problem was addressed with the Rafferty-Alameda Project on the Souris River and the construction of the Qu'Appelle River Dam which have helped to eliminate washed out roads and flooded communities.
 The highway through the homesteading community followed the Dominion Land Survey on the square until reaching the Saskatchewan River at Nipawin.
 The completion of the combined railway and traffic bridge over the Saskatchewan River at Nipawin in the late 1920s retired the ferry and basket crossing for traffic north of Nipawin.
 The E.B. Campbell Dam built in 1963 northeast of Nipawin created Tobin Lake, and Codette Lake was formed with the construction of the Francois-Finlay Hydroelectric dam at Nipawin.
 The railway/traffic bridge that formed part of Highway 35 was the only crossing utilized at Nipawin until a new traffic bridge was constructed in 1974.
 The new bridge then became part of the combined Highway 35 and 55 until the highway parts just east of White Fox.
 Highway 35 then continued north along the west side of Tobin Lake.
 The railway/traffic bridge continues to be utilized for one lane vehicle traffic controlled by traffic lights, and continues as the "old highway 35" on the west side of the river until it joins with the current Highway 35/55.
The Ocean To Ocean Bridge is a through truss bridge spanning the Colorado River in Yuma, Arizona.
 Built in 1915, it was the first highway crossing of the lower Colorado and is the earliest example of a through truss bridge in Arizona.
 It is also the only example of a Pennsylvania truss within Arizona.
 Originally the bridge carried the transcontinental Ocean-to-Ocean Highway and later carried its successor, US 80 until a new bridge was built to the west in 1956.
 Between 1988 and 2001, the bridge was closed to vehicular traffic and only traversable by pedestrians and bicyclists.
 After a major restoration, the bridge was rehabilitated and reopened to vehicular traffic in 2002, with a re-dedication by the Quechan nation and Yuma Crossing National Heritage Area.
Rocky Creek Bridge No. 01089, also known as Ben Jones Bridge, is a concrete highway bridge spanning Rocky Creek along the Pacific Ocean coast of the U.S. state of Oregon.
 The bridge crosses a gorge near the creek's mouth, about 2 mi south of Depoe Bay in Lincoln County.
 Built in 1927, the bridge originally carried U.S. Route 101 (the Oregon Coast Highway) over the creek.
 After a stretch of the highway was relocated to make it straighter, the abandoned piece of the old highway became Otter Crest Loop Road, a bypass west of the new highway.
Rapid bridge replacement or accelerated bridge construction (ABC) is a technique that allows bridges to be replaced with minimum disruption to traffic.
 The replacement bridge is constructed on a site near the bridge to be replaced.
 When it is completed, the old bridge is cut away and removed using self-propelled modular transporters (SPMTs).
 Then the SPMTs lift the new bridge, transfer it to the work site and put it in place.
 Often the highway or railroad carried by the bridge is closed for just one weekend.
 Conventional techniques typically replace half a bridge at a time, with all highway traffic crammed into the other bridge half, often for a year or more, while construction progresses.
Interstate 84 (I-84) in the U.S. state of Oregon, also known as the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Highway, travels east–west, following the Columbia River and the rough path of the old Oregon Trail from Portland east to Idaho.
 For this reason, it is also known as most of the Columbia River Highway No. 2 and all of the Old Oregon Trail Highway No. 6 (see Oregon highways and routes).
 It also follows along or near U.S. Route 30.
 The entire highway carried the designation Interstate 80N (I-80N, or Interstate 80 North) until 1980, when this was changed to I-84.
The Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (MTHL), also known as the Sewri-Nhava Sheva Trans Harbour Link, is a proposed 21.8 km, freeway grade road bridge connecting the Indian city of Mumbai with Navi Mumbai, its satellite city.
 When completed, it would be the longest sea bridge in India.
 The bridge will begin in Sewri, South Mumbai and cross Thane Creek north of Elephanta Island and will terminate at Chirle village, near Nhava Sheva.
 The road will be linked to the Mumbai Pune Expressway in the east, and to the proposed Western Freeway in the west.
 The sea link will contain a 6 lane highway, which will be 27 meters in width, in addition to edge strip and crash barrier.
The Hotlum Glacier is a glacier situated on the northeast flank of Mount Shasta, in the US state of California.
 It is the largest and most voluminous glacier in California, although not as thick or long as the nearby Whitney Glacier.
 The Hotlum Glacier flows from a large cirque on the northeast side of Mount Shasta's main summit below the Hotlum Headwall at roughly 13600 ft .
 It flows northeastward down the steep slope, forming three lobes which terminate near 10400 ft .
State Road 389 (SR 389) is a north–south highway carried by East Avenue in Bay County, Florida.
 The southern terminus is at US 98 BUS (SR 30) in Panama City.
 The northern terminus is US 231 (SR 75) in Hiland Park.
