Maurizio Cheli (born 4 May 1959) is an Italian air force officer, a European Space Agency astronaut and a veteran of one NASA space shuttle mission.
Colonel Benjamin Alvin Drew (born November 5, 1962) is a United States Air Force officer and a NASA astronaut.
 He has been on two spaceflights; the first was the Space Shuttle mission STS-118 to the International Space Station, in August 2007.
 Drew's second spaceflight took place in March 2011 on STS-133, another mission to the International Space Station.
 STS-133 was Space Shuttle "Discovery"'s final mission.
 Drew took part in two spacewalks while docked to the station.
 Drew was the final African-American to fly on board a Space Shuttle, as the final two Space Shuttle missions, STS-134 and STS-135, had no African-American crew members.
Frank, Viscount De Winne (born 25 April 1961, in Ledeberg, Belgium) is a Belgian Air Component officer and an ESA astronaut.
 He is Belgium's second person in space (after Dirk Frimout).
 He was the first ESA astronaut to command a space mission when he served as commander of ISS Expedition 21.
 ESA astronaut de Winne serves currently as Head of the European Astronaut Centre of the European Space Agency in Cologne/Germany (Köln).
STS-121 was a 2006 NASA Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station (ISS) flown by Space Shuttle " Discovery".
 The main purposes of the mission were to test new safety and repair techniques introduced following the "Columbia" disaster of February 2003 as well as to deliver supplies, equipment and European Space Agency (ESA) astronaut Thomas Reiter from Germany to the ISS.
Space Shuttle missions designated STS-3xx (officially called Launch On Need (LON) missions) were rescue missions which would have been mounted to rescue the crew of a Space Shuttle if their vehicle was damaged and deemed unable to make a successful reentry.
 Such a mission would have been flown if Mission Control determined that the heat shielding tiles and reinforced carbon-carbon panels of a currently flying orbiter were damaged beyond the repair capabilities of the available on-orbit repair methods.
 These missions were also referred to as Launch on Demand (LOD) and Contingency Shuttle Crew Support.
 The program was initiated following loss of Space Shuttle "Columbia" in 2003.
 No mission of this type was launched during the Space Shuttle program.
Chiaki Mukai (向井 千秋 , Mukai Chiaki ) is a Japanese doctor, and JAXA astronaut.
 She was the first Japanese woman in space, and was the first Japanese citizen to have two spaceflights. Both were Space Shuttle missions; her first was STS-65 aboard Space Shuttle "Columbia" in July 1994, which was a Spacelab mission.
 Her second spaceflight was STS-95 aboard Space Shuttle "Discovery" in 1998.
 In total she has spent 23 days in space.
The Austrian Space Agency, since 2005 officially Aeronautics and Space Agency (German: Agentur für Luft- und Raumfahrt) is an organization whose purpose is to coordinate Austrian space exploration-related activities, both national programs and European Space Agency related programs.
 It was established in 1972 in Vienna.
 In 1987, Austria became a member state of the European Space Agency.
Claude Nicollier (born 2 September 1944 in Vevey, Switzerland) is the first astronaut from Switzerland.
 He has flown on four Space Shuttle missions.
 His first spaceflight (STS-46) was in 1992, and his final spaceflight (STS-103) was in 1999.
 He took part in two servicing missions to the Hubble Space Telescope (called STS-61 and STS-103).
 During his final spaceflight he participated in a spacewalk, becoming the first European Space Agency astronaut to do so during a Space Shuttle mission (previous ESA astronauts conducted spacewalks aboard "Mir", see List of spacewalks and moonwalks 1965–1999).
 In 2000 he was assigned to the Astronaut Office Extravehicular Activity Branch, while maintaining a position as Lead ESA Astronaut in Houston.
 Nicollier retired from ESA in April 2007.
Dafydd Rhys "Dave" Williams (born May 16, 1954) is a Canadian physician, public speaker and a retired CSA astronaut.
 Williams was a mission specialist on two space shuttle missions.
 His first spaceflight, STS-90 in 1998, was a 16-day mission aboard Space Shuttle "Columbia" dedicated to neuroscience research.
 His second flight, STS-118 in August 2007, was flown by Space Shuttle "Endeavour" to the International Space Station.
 During that mission he performed three spacewalks, becoming the third Canadian to perform a spacewalk and setting a Canadian record for total number of spacewalks.
 These spacewalks combined for a total duration of 17 hours and 47 minutes.
Dirk Dries David Damiaan, Viscount Frimout (born 21 March 1941 in Poperinge, Belgium) is an astrophysicist for the European Space Agency.
 He flew aboard NASA Space Shuttle mision STS-45 as a payload specialist , making him the first Belgian in space .
