In the Court of the Crimson Queen is the fifteenth studio album by British singer Toyah.
 It was released on 15 September 2008 by Willow Recordings Ltd.
 The album title (a reference to King Crimson's debut album, "In the Court of the Crimson King") was suggested by producer/co-author Simon Darlow and was endorsed by King Crimson mainstay and Toyah's husband Robert Fripp.
 "At last my husband's done something for my career!"
, Toyah commented.
Gordon Haskell (born 27 April 1946, in Verwood, Dorset, England) is an English musician and songwriter.
 A pop, rock and blues vocalist, guitarist, and bassist, he was a school friend of King Crimson guitarist Robert Fripp, the two first working together in Fripp's mid-1960s teenage group The League of Gentlemen (not to be confused with Fripp's later new wave beat band).
 Haskell first gained recognition as bass player for the British band Les Fleur de Lys, and subsequently spent a short period in King Crimson, singing one of the songs on their second album and both singing and playing bass on their third album.
 After departing from King Crimson, he continued his musical career as a solo musician, finally gaining international recognition in 2001 with his hit song "How Wonderful You Are' 'followed by his Platinum selling album 'Harry's Bar'.
Still (also known as Stillusion) is the first solo album released in 1973 by Pete Sinfield, lyricist of progressive rock band King Crimson.
 At the time, Sinfield was involved with Emerson, Lake & Palmer, and Greg Lake assisted with vocals, while King Crimson alumni provided other assistance.
 The cover artwork depicts 'The Big Friend' by German artist Sulamith Wülfing.
King Crimson Live in Mainz is a live album by the band King Crimson, released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in March 2001.
 The album was recorded at Elzer Hof, Mainz, Germany, March 30, 1974.
"Heartbeat" is a song by the band King Crimson, released as a single in 1982.
 The song was recorded by King Crimson guitarist and singer Adrian Belew for his 1990 solo album, "Young Lions".
 In the beginning of the music video there is a stream of faces blending into one another, one of the earliest examples of the dissolving/morphing technique which would later be employed in Godley & Creme's "Cry" and Michael Jackson's "Black or White".
The Elements of King Crimson is a box set by King Crimson.
 Created to promote the band's 2014 tour of the same name, it's sold exclusively through the band's merchandise booth on the tour and from the Discipline Global Mobile online stores.
 The box's content is less focused on actual songs and more on song "elements"; extracts of studio recordings, alternate takes, mixes with one or two instruments isolated, live recordings and rehearsals; the tour box is the first CD release for most of the tracks included.
 Some of them have already been released for digital download through the DGM Live website while some others are set to be included in future DGM releases; it also comes with a 24-page booklet.
 The box marks the first time both studio and live recorded material with Gavin Harrison is released on CD, the first time material with Jakko Jakszyk is released under the King Crimson name, and the first time material with Bill Rieflin is released overall.
 Besides the version offered by DGM, the box was released, bundled with two tour badges, on Japan by WOWOW Entertainment.
 For the 2015 legs of the tour, the box was revamped, featuring new artwork and a drastically different track listing; online distribution of it started on September 10, 2015.
Nashville Rehearsals is an album of studio sessions and rehearsals by the band King Crimson, released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in November 2000.
 The band were working towards a new King Crimson studio album, but decided progress was unsatisfactory and did not develop these ideas further.
King Crimson Live at Summit Studios is a live album of radio session recordings by the band King Crimson, released by the Discipline Global Mobile label through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in February 2000.
 The album was recorded at Summit Studios, Denver, Colorado, United States, 12 March 1972.
King Crimson On Broadway is a live album (2-CD set) by the band King Crimson, released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in July 1999.
 The tracks on the albums were recorded at the Longacre Theater in New York City, New York, US, on November 20, 21, 22, 24 and 25, 1995, as the band was touring to promote the album "THRAK".
King Crimson Live in Hyde Park, London is a live album by the band King Crimson, released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in September 2002.
