A list of American films released in 2004. "
Million Dollar Baby" won the 2004 Academy Award for Best Picture and "Crash" won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Picture. "
The Aviator" won the BAFTA Award for Best Film and the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama. "
Sideways" won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and the Satellite Award for Best Film – Musical or Comedy. "
Hotel Rwanda" won the Satellite Award for Best Film – Drama.
Loveleen Tandan is an Indian film director and casting director.
 She is the "Co-Director: India" of the four time Golden Globe, seven time BAFTA Award and eight Academy Award winning (including best picture) "Slumdog Millionaire" (2008), for which she shared a New York Film Critics Online Award, Rotterdam International Film Festival Award and Amanda Awards, Norway, of "Best Director" with Danny Boyle.
 She has also been the Casting Director for several other films, including the Golden Lion winning and Golden Globe nominated "Monsoon Wedding" (2001) and the BAFTA Award nominated "Brick Lane" (2007).
 She has been a Casting Consultant for the Gotham Award and Independent Spirit Award nominated film "The Namesake" (2007).
Catherine Elise Blanchett, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 14 May 1969) is an Australian actress and theatre director.
 She has received international acclaim and many accolades, including two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three BAFTA Awards, six AACTA Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards. Blanchett came to international attention for her role as Elizabeth I of England in Shekhar Kapur's 1998 film "Elizabeth", for which she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award, and earned her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination.
 Her portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese's 2004 film "The Aviator" brought her critical acclaim and many accolades, including the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, making her the only actor to win an Oscar for portraying another Oscar-winning actor.
 In 2013, she starred as Jasmine Francis in Woody Allen's "Blue Jasmine", for which she won numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Steven Rodney "Steve" McQueen (born 9 October 1969) is an English film director, producer, screenwriter, and video artist.
 For his 2013 film, "12 Years a Slave", a historical drama adaptation of an 1853 slave narrative memoir, he won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award for Best Film, and Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama, as a producer, and he also received the award for Best Director from the New York Film Critics Circle.
 McQueen is the first black filmmaker to win an Academy Award for Best Picture.
 McQueen is known for his collaborations with actor Michael Fassbender, who has starred in all three of McQueen's feature films as of 2014.
 McQueen's other feature films are "Hunger" (2008), a historical drama about the 1981 Irish hunger strike, and "Shame" (2011), a drama about an executive struggling with sex addiction.
David Andrew Leo Fincher (born August 28, 1962) is an American director and producer, notably for films, television series and music videos.
 He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" (2008) and "The Social Network" (2010).
 For the latter, he won the Golden Globe Award for Best Director and the BAFTA Award for Best Direction.
Danny Boyle (born 20 October 1956) is an English director, producer, screenwriter and theatre director, known for his work on films including "Shallow Grave", "Trainspotting", "The Beach", "28 Days Later", "Sunshine", "Slumdog Millionaire", "127 Hours", and "Steve Jobs".
 His debut film "Shallow Grave" won the BAFTA Award for Best British Film.
 Boyle's 2008 film "Slumdog Millionaire" was nominated for ten Academy Awards and won eight, including the Academy Award for Best Director.
 He also won the Golden Globe and BAFTA Award for Best Director.
 Boyle was presented with the Extraordinary Contribution to Filmmaking Award at the 2008 Austin Film Festival, where he also introduced that year's AFF Audience Award Winner "Slumdog Millionaire".
Robin R. Bottin (born April 1, 1959) is an American special make-up effects creator.
 Known for his collaborations with directors John Carpenter, Paul Verhoeven and David Fincher, Bottin worked with Carpenter on both "The Fog" and "The Thing", with Verhoeven on "RoboCop", "Total Recall" and "Basic Instinct", and with Fincher on "Se7en" and "Fight Club".
 His other film credits include "Legend", "Innerspace" and "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas".
Geoffrey Roy Rush {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 July 1951) is an Australian actor and film producer.
 Rush is the youngest amongst the few people who have won the "Triple Crown of Acting": the Academy Award, the Primetime Emmy Award, and the Tony Award.
 He has won one Academy Award for acting (from four nominations), three British Academy Film Awards (from five nominations), two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. Rush is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year.
 He is also the first actor to win the Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Critics' Choice Movie Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for a single performance in film for his performance in "Shine" (1996).
Holly Hunter (born March 20, 1958) is an American actress and producer.
 For her performance as Ada McGrath in the 1993 film "The Piano", she won the Academy Award for Best Actress, BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role, AACTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role, Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, and the Cannes Best Actress Award.
 She was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for "Broadcast News" (1987), and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for "The Firm" (1993) and "Thirteen" (2003).
Kathryn Ann Bigelow ( ; born November 27, 1951) is an American director, producer, and writer.
 Her films include the vampire Western horror film "Near Dark" (1987), the action crime film "Point Break" (1991), the science fiction action thriller "Strange Days" (1995), the mystery thriller "The Weight of Water" (2000), the submarine thriller "" (2002), the war film "The Hurt Locker" (2008), the action thriller war film "Zero Dark Thirty" (2012), the short film "Last Days" (2014), and the period crime drama "Detroit" (2017).
 "The Hurt Locker" won the 2009 Academy Award for Best Picture and the BAFTA Award for Best Film, and was nominated for the 2010 Golden Globe Award for Best Drama.
 She has also acted as producer and writer for many of her films.
