In Search of Adventure is an abridged compilation adventure module published by TSR, Inc. in 1987, for the "Basic Set" of the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game.
 Its product designation was TSR 9190.
 This 160-page book features cover artwork by Keith Parkinson.
The original Dungeons & Dragons (commonly abbreviated "D&D") boxed set by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson was published by TSR, Inc. in 1974.
 It initially included the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
 Its product designation was TSR 2002.
Eldritch Wizardry is a supplementary rulebook by Gary Gygax and Brian Blume, written for the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game, which included a number of significant additions to the core game.
 Its product designation is TSR 2005.
The Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia is a 1991 book published by TSR, Inc., as a continuation of the basic edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, which ran concurrently with "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons".
 Its product designation was TSR 1071.
Castle Caldwell and Beyond is an adventure module published by TSR, Inc. in 1985, for the Basic Rules of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
 Its product designation was TSR 9143.
Rahasia is an adventure module published by TSR, Inc. in 1984, for the "Basic Set" rules of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
 Its product designation is TSR 9115.
 The book was designed by Tracy and Laura Hickman, and features artwork by Jeff Easley and Timothy Truman.
Horror on the Hill is an adventure module published by TSR, Inc. in 1983, for the Basic Rules of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
 Its product designation was TSR 9078.
 This 32-page book was designed by Douglas Niles, and features cover artwork by Jim Roslof.
 It is intended for beginning gamemasters and 5-10 player characters of level 1-3.
 The module contains around 20 encounters on the surface, a monastery, three dungeon levels and three new monsters.
The Veiled Society is an adventure module for the Basic Rules of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
 The adventure's product designation is TSR 9086.
Blackmoor is a supplementary rulebook (product designation TSR 2004) of the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game written by Dave Arneson (with a foreword by Gary Gygax).
Swords & Spells is a supplementary rulebook by Gary Gygax for the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
 Its product designation is TSR 2007.
