The Saturday Starship was a British Saturday morning children's series that was produced by Central Television and aired on the ITV network.
 There was one series of 21 editions between 1 September 1984 and 26 January 1985 hosted by Tommy Boyd and Bonnie Langford.
 It was a follow-up to "The Saturday Show" and "TISWAS".
 Chris Baines presented one of the very first environmental strands on children's TV in the UK, and this led to "The Ark" series in 1988.
Duke of Cornwall is a title in the Peerage of England, traditionally held by the eldest son of the reigning British monarch, previously the English monarch.
 The Duchy of Cornwall was the first duchy created in England and was established by royal charter in 1337.
 The present duke is the Prince of Wales, the eldest son of Queen Elizabeth II.
 His wife, Camilla, is the current Duchess.
The 34th Daytime Emmy Awards, commemorating excellence in American daytime programming from 2006, was held on June 15, 2007 at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles, California.
 CBS televised the ceremonies in the United States.
 Meanwhile, Creative Arts Emmy Awards were presented one day earlier on June 14 at the Hollywood and Highland Ballroom.
Free recall is a basic paradigm in the psychological study of memory.
 In this paradigm, participants study a list of items on each trial, and then are prompted to recall the items in any order (hence the name "free" recall).
 Items are usually presented one at a time for a short duration, and can be any of a number of nameable materials, although traditionally, words from a larger set are chosen.
 The recall period typically lasts a few minutes, and can involve spoken or written recall.
 The standard paradigm involves the recall period starting immediately after the final list item; this can be referred to as immediate free recall (IFR) to distinguish it from delayed free recall (DFR).
 In delayed free recall, a short distraction period is interpolated between the final list item and the start of the recall period.
 Both immediate free recall and delayed free recall have been used to test certain effects that appear during recall tests, such as the primacy effect and recency effect.
 Free recall consists of two stages: the emptying of a limited capacity working memory and a reactivation stage.
The English military existed while England was an independent state and at war with other states.
 However, it was not until the 16th century that standing armed forces were established: the Royal Navy and the English Army.
 The Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Armed Forces was the English monarch.
 Under English constitutional law, the armed forces were subordinate to the Crown.
 However under the 1689 Bill of Rights no standing army was to be maintained during time of peace without the consent of Parliament.
Petruccio Ubaldini (ca.1524–ca.1600) was an Italian ("Tuscan") mercenary soldier for Henry VIII (1545–47) and in Edward VI's Scottish war (1549) a calligraphist and illuminator on vellum, who was working in England in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, and seems to have enjoyed the favor of the Court.
 One of his illuminated books, presented by him to Elizabeth, is in the Bodleian Library, and Walpole gives a list of other works, formerly in the King's Library, and now, most of them, in the British Museum.
 He was also an author and dedicated his "Description of Scotland and the Islands" to Sir Christopher Hatton.
Luz Amorocho Carreño (born 1922) was the first Colombian woman to graduate as an architect.
 She presented one of the first urban plans for Bogotá and worked on both public and private buildings in Bogotá throughout her career.
 Between 1966 and 1988, she served as the Director of the Planning Department of the National University of Colombia and spent a decade documenting the history of the buildings on the campus of the university.
The chief governor was the senior official in the Dublin Castle administration, which maintained English and British rule in Ireland from the 1170s to 1922.
 The chief governor was the viceroy of the English monarch (and later the British monarch) and presided over the Privy Council of Ireland.
 In some periods he was in effective charge of the administration, subject only to the monarch in England; in others he was a figurehead and power was wielded by others.
The NFL Films Game of the Week, formerly known as the NFL Game of the Week, was a television program that aired from 1965 to 2007.
 The show presented one or two NFL games from the previous week compressed into a one-hour program.
William Diaper (1685–1717) was an English poet of the Augustan era.
 Little is known about his life.
 He was born in Bridgwater, Somerset and attended Balliol College, Oxford as a pauper, where he took his BA in 1702.
 In 1709 he was ordained a deacon at Wells and became a curate in the parish of Brent, which he describes in disparaging terms in a poem of the same name, calling it "nature's gaol".
 By 1712, he had made contacts in the London literary world and become a protégé of Jonathan Swift, who refers to the poet several times in his "Journal to Stella".
 In March 1712, Swift writes:Here is a young fellow has writ some Sea Eclogues, poems of Mermen, resembling pastorals of shepherds, and they are very pretty, and the thought is new.
 Mermen are he-mermaids; Tritons, natives of the sea.
 Do you understand me?
 I think to recommend him to our Society to-morrow.
 His name is Diaper.
 P— on him, I must do something for him, and get him out of the way.
 I hate to have any new wits rise, but when they do rise I would encourage them; but they tread on our heels and thrust us off the stage.In December 1712, he continued his account of Diaper's progress:This morning I presented one Diaper, a poet, to Lord Bolingbroke, with a new poem, which is a very good one; and I am to give him a sum of money from my lord; and I have contrived to make a parson of him, for he is half one already, being in deacon’s orders, and serves a small cure in the country; but has a sword at his a—— here in town. ’
Tis a poor little short wretch, but will do best in a gown, and we will make Lord Keeper give him a living.In another letter, Swift refers to Diaper's being ill:I was to see a poor poet, one Mr. Diaper, in a nasty garret, very sick.
 I gave him twenty guineas from Lord Bolingbroke, and disposed the other sixty to two other authors, and desired a friend to receive the hundred pounds for poor Harrison, and will carry it to him to-morrow morning.
 I sent to see how he did, and he is extremely ill; and I very much afflicted for him, for he is my own creature, and in a very honourable post, and very worthy of it.
 I dined in the City.
 I am in much concern for this poor lad.
 His mother and sister attend him, and he wants nothing.
