The Papua New Guinea Greens Party or PNG Greens are a minor political party in Papua New Guinea.
 Founded in 2001, the party took part in the 2002, 2007 and 2012 general elections, without winning a seat.
 They are a member of the Global Greens and of the Asia Pacific Greens Federation.
Millennium Greens are areas of green space for the benefit of local communities.
 245 were created in cities, towns and villages across England to celebrate the turn of the Millennium.
 Their creation was funded in part by the National Lottery via the Countryside Agency.
 Each one is different, as local people have had an input into the design of their green.
Doorstep Greens are locally owned and run public spaces across England.
 They were first created by the Countryside Agency (CA) in a project started in 2001.
 The majority of the funding came from the New Opportunities Fund which later became the Big Lottery Fund although the Countryside Agency did input staff and some of its own resources.
 The Agency set out to find green spaces which could be organised into relatively small parks and then create a local charitable trust to own, fundraise for, and run each space in perpetuity.
 This followed from the completion of the CA's Millennium Green scheme, which created similar areas to celebrate the turn of the Millennium from 1996-2000.
Frithjof Schmidt (born 17 April 1953 in Bad Harzburg) is a German politician and member of the Alliance '90/The Greens group in the Bundestag.
 Between 2004 and 2009, he served as Member of the European Parliament for Alliance '90/The Greens, part of the European Greens.
The Millennium Forest for Scotland project was an initiative created by the Millennium Commission and funded by the National Lottery of the United Kingdom to celebrate the turn of the New Millennium.
The Global Greens Charter is a document that 800 delegates from the Green parties of 72 countries decided upon a first gathering of the Global Greens in Canberra, Australia in April 2001.
 The first part contains six guiding principles, whereas the second part specifies what political action should be taken.
 The second part of the charter was modified in Dakar, Senegal in 2012 at the third Global Greens Congress.
Greens Farms Academy (GFA) is a PreK-12 independent preparatory co-educational day school in the Greens Farms section of Westport, Connecticut, drawing 695 students from numerous towns of central southern Fairfield County.
 Greens Farms Academy is located on a campus near Long Island Sound, a salt marsh and an Audubon woodland.
 Some of the buildings that make up the school were previously part of a family estate belonging to the Vanderbilts.
 Since being converted to a school, multiple buildings have been added to the original estate, including a new section for the Upper and Middle schools.
Collard greens (collards) describes certain loose-leafed cultivars of "Brassica oleracea", the same species as many common vegetables, including cabbage (Capitata Group) and broccoli (Botrytis Group).
 Collard greens are part of the Acephala Group of the species, which includes kale and spring greens.
 They are in the same cultivar group owing to their genetic similarity.
 The name "collard" comes from the word "colewort" (the wild cabbage plant).
Alliance 90/The Greens Hamburg is the Hamburg state association of Alliance '90/The Greens.
 Until 21 April 2012, it was known as the "Green-Alternative List" ("Grün-Alternative Liste").
 Though most green-alternative lists are not part of Alliance 90/The Greens in Germany, Hamburg was special in that its GAL had been the Hamburg state association of the party since 1984.
One of the key advertising campaigns of The Villages is that residents are able to play "free golf for life".
 The advertising is only partially true; the "free golf" is paid for by mandatory amenities fees assessed to all homeowners in The Villages.
 The "free golf" extends only to the executive golf courses and only to players walking the courses, wherein a greens fee is not assessed.
 Players riding golf carts on executive courses pay no greens fee but must pay a trail fee.
 Greens fees and trail fees are required on The Villages country club courses (though memberships are provided "free" – again, as part of the amenities fee – to residents).
