"Angry Dad: The Movie" is the fourteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> twenty-second season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 20, 2011.
 The plot of the episode involves Bart winning many awards for his new short film based on his web cartoon series "Angry Dad", which was first introduced in "I Am Furious (Yellow)", while Homer takes credit for the film during acceptance speeches.
"I Am Furious (Yellow)" is the eighteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> thirteenth season.
 It first aired in the United States on the Fox network on April 28, 2002.
 In the episode, Bart creates a comic book series based on his father Homer's anger problems, which turns into a popular Internet cartoon series called "Angry Dad".
 Homer finds out about this and is at first outraged, but after talking to his family, he decides to try to become a less angry person.
"Take My Wife" is the eighteenth episode and season finale of the thirteenth season of the animated sitcom "Family Guy", and the 249th episode overall.
 It aired on Fox in the United States on May 17, 2015, and is written by Kevin Biggins and directed by John Holmquist.
"Starry Night" is the eighteenth episode of the first season of "Modern Family" and the eighteenth episode of the series overall.
 It originally aired on ABC on March 24, 2010.
 The episode was written by Danny Zuker and directed by Jason Winer.
"The Simpsons Guy" is the first episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series "Family Guy", and the 232nd overall episode.
 "The Simpsons Guy" is a 45-minute-long crossover with "The Simpsons", and was written by Patrick Meighan and directed by Peter Shin.
 It originally aired in the United States on September 28, 2014, on Fox, where both "The Simpsons" and "Family Guy" have aired since their respective debuts.
"Lost in Space" is the eighteenth episode of the ninth season of "American Dad!
".
 The episode aired on May 5, 2013, on Fox's Animation Domination lineup.
 The episode was written by series co-creator Mike Barker and directed by series regular Chris Bennett.
 "Lost in Space" was incorrectly promoted as episode 150 by Fox and numerous mainstream media reports; it is actually episode 151, while the episode "The Full Cognitive Redaction of Avery Bullock by the Coward Stan Smith" is episode 150.
 "Lost in Space" continues a plot line established in the episode "Naked to the Limit, One More Time."
 In addition, several of the episodes that aired in between "Naked to the Limit, One More Time" and "Lost in Space" contribute to the plot line in question.
Robinson Ekspeditionen 2010 was the thirteenth season of the Danish version of the Swedish show Expedition Robinson.
 This season premiered on September 6, 2010.
 The major twist this season is that the contestants have been divided into tribes with half of each tribe being "Masters" and the other half being "Slaves".
 The contestants individual statuses were determined in a challenge they took part in before they were divided into tribes.
 The twelve members of each gender competed in a challenge against each other with the five winners being the masters of their tribe and each getting to pick one of the seven challenge losers from the other tribe as their slave.
 Through the slave selection process four contestants, Anja Balle, Gitte Behrendt, Vincent Muir, and Hector Nielsen, were eliminated and sent to "Utopia" to compete against each other as well as future eliminated contestants in order to earn a spot back in the game.
 Following the elimination, the "Tenga" and "Minang" tribes were formed with the Minang tribe being composed of the female winners and their slaves and the Tenga tribe of the male winners and their slaves.
 In episode 2, a tribal swap took place in which most of the contestants swapped tribes.
 In episode 3, no elimination took place due to Ali Ghiace's voluntary exit.
 Also in episode 3, it was revealed that, like last year, there is a mole competing in the game.
 With this news came that of the mole being the only person eligible to vote for two people at the third tribal council.
 In episode 5, both tribes competed in an elimination competition which would lead to players from each tribe being eliminated.
 Ultimately, it Maiken Andersen and Bjørn Lambertsen from Minang and Ann Applegren from Tenga who lost the challenge and were eliminated and sent to Utopia.
 In episode 9, the two tribes merged and five contestants from Utopia (Anja Balle, Diana Andersen, Germaine Nielsen, Hector Nielsen, and Reda Zamzam) returned to the game.
 In episode 10, Germaine lost a challenge and was eliminated.
 In episode 11, Anja and Reda were sent to Utopia where Anja lost a duel and was eliminated.
 In episode 13, all Utopia contestants competed in a duel which Hans "HC" Nørager lost and was eliminated.
 In episode 14, the recently voted out Gitte Benherdt along with all of the remaining Utopia residents competed in the final duel of the season for a spot in the final four.
 Ultimately, Hans Ravnholt won the duel while the others were eliminated in the following order, Gitte Behrendt, Diana Andersen, Jens Bach, Mette Egeberg, Henriette Nielsen, Hector Nielsen, and finally Jakob Jensen.
 In the final episode of the season the final four faced off in series of three challenges to determine the winner.
 As the winner of the first challenge Zabrina Kondrup was immune from the second, elimination challenge.
 Søren "Nicolai" Korshøj became the final contestant to be eliminated when he lost the second challenge.
"Simpsons Bible Stories" is the eighteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' tenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on Easter Sunday, April 4, 1999.
 It is the first of "The Simpsons"' now annual trilogy episodes, and consists of four self-contained segments.
 In the episode, the Simpson family fall asleep during a sermon in church.
 Marge dreams that she and Homer are Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden, Lisa dreams that she and her fellow Springfield Elementary School students are Hebrew slaves in Ancient Egypt and guides Moses to lead them to freedom, Homer dreams that he is King Solomon called to resolve a dispute between Lenny and Carl over the ownership of a pie, and Bart dreams he is King David, who has to fight Goliath's son, Goliath II.
"The Frying Game" is the twenty-first episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> thirteenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 19, 2002.
 In the episode, after accidentally injuring an endangered screamapillar, Homer is sentenced to two weeks of community service.
 As part of his sentence, Homer delivers Meals on Wheels to an old woman called Mrs. Bellamy, who subtly guilts him, and later Marge, into becoming her personal servant.
 One day, the two find Mrs. Bellamy dead in her house, having been stabbed by a man with braces who quickly escapes the murder scene.
 Being the only ones present when the police arrive, Homer and Marge are soon suspected for the murder.
 The episode also features a "Snuh cascade", an homage to a group of "Simpsons fans" on Usenet.
"The Boys of Bummer" is the eighteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighteenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 29, 2007.
 It was written by Michael Price and was the first episode to be directed by Rob Oliver.
