Bring Me a Letter from My Old Home Town is a World War I era ballad song released in 1918.
 A.G. Delamater wrote the lyrics.
 Will R. Anderson composed the music.
 The song was published by M. Witmark & Sons in New York, New York.
 On the cover is a group of "greater Vitagraph players" sitting around a table, writing letters.
 Behind them is a service flag with a red border and one blue star.
 It was written for both voice and piano.
 The song opens with a wounded soldier laying on a cot.
 He tells a nurse that the only thing that will cure his homesickness is hearing from his "old home town".
 The chorus is as follows:
Thug Mentality 1999 is the debut solo album by American rapper Krayzie Bone.
 It was released April 6, 1999 on Ruthless Records, Relativity Records and Mo Thugs Records.
 The double-disc album featured a large selection of guest appearances, including Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Mariah Carey, The Marley Brothers, Big Pun, Fat Joe, Cuban Link, Gangsta Boo, E-40, 8 Ball & MJG, Kurupt, Treach and Snoop Dogg.
 The album was supported by two singles: "Thug Mentality" and "Paper".
"Job History" is part of a short story series, "" by Annie Proulx.
 It takes place in then author's home town of Cora, Wyoming.
 then story follows then life of then main character Leeland Lee and his unsuccessful attempts to find a successful career.
 then occasional mention of then radio news report throughout then story relates to Leelands struggles and disappointment.
 His lack of education and unavailability of jobs in his home town makes life very difficult for him so he moves various times to seek occupation.
 His determination is commendable but in then end his efforts are futile as he lives his life in discontent.
Is an album by Bone Thugs-N-Harmony that features cuts and songs from other releases such as , Strength & Loyalty and Krayzie Bones Thug Mentality 1999.
 Cover Design & Artwork by Jerred (Jae Mez) Gomez.
Home Town Hero is the debut studio album by American rock band Home Town Hero.
 The band attracted the attention of Maverick Records during the Van's Warped Tour, and heavily promoted by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 Their single "Questions" received significant airplay in major American radio markets.
 "Questions" was also included in videogame soundtrack for "Legends of Wrestling II".
The Old Patagonian Express (1979) is a written account of a journey taken by novelist Paul Theroux.
 Starting out from his home town in Massachusetts, via Boston and Chicago, Theroux travels by train across the North American plains to Laredo, Texas.
 He then crosses the border and takes a train south through Mexico to Veracruz where he meets a woman looking for her long-lost lover.
 He then takes the train south into Guatemala and then El Salvador where he goes to a soccer match and is amazed by the violence.
 He then flies to Costa Rica where he takes the train to Limon and Puntarenas.
 He ended his transit of Central America in Panama where he takes the short train ride across the isthmus.
 Theroux then proceeds to Colombia and then over the Andes and finally reaches the small town of Esquel in Patagonia.
 He endures harsh climates, including the extreme altitude of Peru and the Bolivian Plateau, meets the author Jorge Luis Borges in Buenos Aires and is reunited with long lost family in Ecuador.
"Thug Mentality" is a single by Krayzie Bone.
 Flesh-N-Bone, Layzie Bone & Wish Bone made an appearance in the video.
 The song was produced by Michael Seifert
Dionisii Donchev (Bulgarian: Дионисий Дончев ) (born April 9, 1935) is one of the prominent Bulgarian fine artists.
 Honorary citizen of his home town of Pleven, Bulgaria, where he still lives and works.
 He graduated from the National Academy of Arts in Sofia in professor Ilia Petrov's class.
 He took active part in the creation of the famous epic art project in his home town of Pleven - 'Parorama' in 1977.
 He has accumulated more than half a century of experience in the creation of portraits, landscapes, compositions, nudes and still life.
 His favorite medium is oil on canvas.
 His artwork has enjoyed presence in galleries and private collections in Bulgaria and abroad.
Lee Corner is an historic part of Old Town Alexandria, Virginia, at the intersection of North Washington and Oronoco Street.
 The corner is named after the Lee family, who once owned almost every property on the intersection.
 After the American Revolution, Alexandria, already known as "Washington's Home Town", also became known as the "Home Town of the Lees".
Pedro Maquiling Trinidad, Jr. (born October 6, 1943), also known as Pete was the class valedictorian of Tigao Elementary 1954.
 He was sent to Sacred Heart Seminary in Manila, Philippines at the age of 10 in 1954 to join the congregation.
 There he finished high school and took up college courses.
 He finished AB-English Language at the age of 21 in 1965.
 After earning a degree he went back to his home town and ran for the position of Sangguniang Bayan (SB member).
 He was fortunate to be elected as one of the SB members of Cortes.
 However, he faced conflicts with other politicians.
 In the late 1965, he went back to Manila.
 There he decided to study again and took up AB-Philosophy in Ateneo de Manila University and graduated in 1967.
 He returned to his home town after graduation and worked in the Local Government of Cortes as the Municipal Planning Development Coordinator.
 In May 25, 1985, he was married to Edna J. Esplana.
 He had three children, namely, Peter Neil, Mario Gemmo, and Lady Marie.
 His 25 years of work in Cortes was not the end of his service to his home town.
 In June 2005, he ran in the government and was elected as the Municipal Mayor of Cortes.
 As a current mayor, he is active in marine conservation.
 He held talks inside and outside the country regarding marine life and implemented strict rules to protect the rich marine diodiversity in Cortes.
