A handicraft, sometimes more precisely expressed as artisanal handicraft or handmade, is any of a wide variety of types of work where useful and decorative objects are made completely by hand or by using only simple tools.
 It is a traditional main sector of craft, and applies to a wide range of creative and design activities that are related to making things with one's hands and skill, including work with textiles, moldable and rigid materials, paper, plant fibers, etc.
 One of the world's oldest handicraft is Dhokra; this is a sort of metal casting has been used in India for over 4,000 years and is still used.
 Usually the term is applied to traditional techniques of creating items (whether for personal use or as products) that are both practical and aesthetic.Handicraft industries are those that produces things with hands to meet the needs of the people in their locality.Machines are not used.
Clothing (also known as clothes and attire) is fiber and textile material worn on the body.
 The wearing of clothing is mostly restricted to human beings and is a feature of nearly all human societies.
 The amount and type of clothing worn depends on body type, social, and geographic considerations.
 Some clothing can be gender-specific.
The European buff coat (the term deriving from the ox or buffalo hide from which it was commonly made and its yellowish colour) was an item of leather clothing worn by cavalry and officers during the 17th century, it also saw limited use by some infantry.
 It was often worn under armour.
 It was derived from the simple leather jerkins worn by huntsmen and soldiers during the Tudor period, these in turn deriving from the arming doublet worn under full plate armour.
An apostolnik or epimandylion is an item of clerical clothing worn by Orthodox Christian and Eastern Catholic nuns.
 It is a cloth veil that completely covers the head (except for the face), neck, and shoulders similar to the hijab worn by Muslim women, it is usually black, but sometimes white.
 It is sometimes worn with a skufia.
Scrubs are the sanitary clothing worn by surgeons, nurses, physicians and other workers involved in patient care in hospitals. Originally designed for use by surgeons and other operating room personnel, who would put them on when sterilizing themselves, or "scrubbing in", before surgery, they are now worn by many hospital personnel.
 Their use has been extended outside hospitals as well, to work environments where clothing may come into contact with infectious agents (veterinarians, midwives, etc.).
 Scrubs are designed to be simple (with minimal places for contaminants to hide), easy to launder, and cheap to replace if damaged or stained irreparably.
 In the United Kingdom, scrubs are sometimes known as Theatre Blues.
A form-fitting garment is an article of clothing that tightly follows the contours of the part of the body being covered.
 Most form-fitting clothing is worn by females.
 A feature of Western societies is the popularity of form-fitting clothing worn by women, compared to equivalent male garments.
 These include t-shirts, shorts, and jeans.
 Some cultures and religious communities disapprove of form-fitting clothing, especially outerwear, which they consider to be immodest.
A klobuk is an item of clerical clothing worn by Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic monastics and bishops, especially in the Russian tradition.
 It is composed of a kamilavka (stiffened black headcovering, round and flat on the top) with an epanokamelavkion (veil) which completely covers the kamilavka and hangs down over the shoulders and back.
High-visibility (HV) clothing, a type of personal protective equipment (PPE), is any clothing worn that has highly reflective properties or a colour that is easily discernible from any background.
 Yellow waistcoats worn by emergency services are a common example.
 Occupational wearers of clothing with high-visibility features include railway and highway workers, airport workers, or other places where workers are near moving vehicles or in dark areas.
 Some cyclists wear high-visibility clothing when riding amongst motor vehicles.
 Hunters may be required to wear designated high-visibility clothing to prevent accidental shooting.
A mantua (from the French "manteuil" or "mantle") is an article of women's clothing worn in the late 17th century and 18th century.
 Originally a loose gown, the later mantua was an overgown or robe typically worn over stays, stomacher and a co-ordinating petticoat.
Fashion in the period 1500–1550 in Western Europe is marked by voluminous clothing worn in an abundance of layers (one reaction to the cooling temperatures of the Little Ice Age, especially in Northern Europe and the British Isles).
 Contrasting fabrics, slashes, embroidery, applied trims, and other forms of surface ornamentation became prominent.
 The tall, narrow lines of the late Medieval period were replaced with a wide silhouette, conical for women with breadth at the hips and broadly square for men with width at the shoulders.
 Sleeves were a center of attention, and were puffed, slashed, cuffed, and turned back to reveal contrasting linings.
