Mahalakshmi Layout is a suburb in north-west Bengaluru, India.
 It is near Rajajinagar, Basaveshwaranagar and Yeshwanthapura.
 Together with Nandini Layout and Mahalakshmipuram, it is one of the biggest layouts in Bengaluru.
 The famous temple of Lord Hanuman etched on a single monolith stone is a prominent temple in this area.
 True to its name, there is also temple in the name of goddess Mahalakshmi.
 This area has a few people well known in Bangalore as its residents the most popular .
On 25 December 2010, at least 47 people were killed and over 100 others injured, after a female suicide bomber detonated her explosives in a large crowd of people displaced by fighting, who were collecting food at a distribution centre of the World Food Programme in the Pakistani town of Khar, which is located within the Bajaur tribal region, of north-western Pakistan.
 It was later reported by witnesses, that the bomber dressed in a full-length burka had reportedly thrown a grenade after resisting search, to which then the bomber proceeded to detonate her explosives.
 Several police officials confirmed the bomber was a woman, as opposed to the more likely occurrence of a man wearing the burka as a disguise, in order to successfully conduct this suicide attack.
 It was also known that those in this crowd were predominantly displaced members of the Salarzai Tribe, which has supported Pakistan Army operations against the Pakistani Taliban within the Bajaur tribal regions.
 Those dozens of people injured in this suicide attack were apparently later taken to local hospitals via means of helicopters.
 Local Witnesses, including that of a government official at the main government hospital within the region, Dosti Rehman, claimed that he had personally counted some 40 bodies.
 However there are concerns that the death toll could very likely rise, as the official stated that several of those injured, as a result of this suicide attack were apparently in a critical condition at the local hospitals.
 This particular bombing acts as one of a string of recent suicide attacks, which have occurred with near impunity, predominantly throughout Pakistan's north-western, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, of north-western Pakistan.
 No particular militant group has of yet claimed responsibility for this suicide attack, although the Pakistani Taliban are strong suspects.
 The Bajaur tribal region has reportedly seen several Pakistan Army military operations in recent years, however such suicide attacks still continue throughout the region with near impunity.
 The Pakistani Prime Minister, Yousaf Raza Gillani later condemned this suicide attack, and claimed that such military offensives would continue against the Pakistani Taliban.
 This statement will be met with a certain degree of approval in the U.S, as Pakistan has recently been pressured to launch a major ground-offensive in the nearby North Waziristan tribal region, in order to root-out and destroy the last major remaining safe-haven for Radical Islamist and Pakistani Taliban insurgents within the country.
 The U.N World Food Programme later suspended its food distribution activities in the Bajaur tribal region, as a security precaution to this suicide attack.
 This suicide bombing was strongly condemned by U.S president, Barack Obama.
 The Pakistani Taliban later claimed responsibility for this suicide attack.
 This suicide bombing was officially declared the first such suicide attack to involve a female in Pakistan.
The Oklahoma City bombing was a domestic terrorist truck bombing on the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States on April 19, 1995.
 Perpetrated by Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols, the bombing killed 168 people, injured more than 680 others, and destroyed one-third of the building.
 The blast destroyed or damaged 324 other buildings within a 16-block radius, shattered glass in 258 nearby buildings, and destroyed or burned 86 cars, causing an estimated $652 million worth of damage.
 Extensive rescue efforts were undertaken by local, state, federal, and worldwide agencies in the wake of the bombing, and substantial donations were received from across the country.
 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) activated eleven of its Urban Search and Rescue Task Forces, consisting of 665 rescue workers who assisted in rescue and recovery operations.
 The Oklahoma City bombing was the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil until the September 11 attacks six years later, and it still remains the deadliest incident of domestic terrorism in United States history.
Human Shadow Etched in Stone (Japanese: 人影の石 ) is an exhibition at Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum.
 It is thought to be the outline of a person, who was sitting at the entrance of Hiroshima Branch of Sumitomo Bank that remained, when the atomic bomb was dropped over Hiroshima.
 It is also known as Human Shadow of Death.
The bombing of Dresden was a British/American aerial bombing attack on the city of Dresden, the capital of the German state of Saxony, that took place during the Second World War in the European Theatre.
 In four raids between 13 and 15 February 1945, 722 heavy bombers of the British Royal Air Force (RAF) and 527 of the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) dropped more than 3,900 tons of high-explosive bombs and incendiary devices on the city.
 The bombing and the resulting firestorm destroyed over 1600 acre of the city centre.
 An estimated 22,700 to 25,000 people were killed, although inflated casualty figures have been claimed over the years.
 Three more USAAF air raids followed, two occurring on 2 March aimed at the city's railroad marshaling yard and one small raid on 17 April aimed at industrial areas.
The 2009 Hotel Shamo bombing was a suicide bombing at the Hotel Shamo in Mogadishu, Somalia, on 3 December 2009.
 The bombing killed 25 people, including three ministers of the Transitional Federal Government, and injured 60 more, making it the deadliest attack in Somalia since the Beledweyne bombing on 18 June 2009 that claimed more than 30 lives.
The Canadian National Exhibition (CNE), also known as The Ex, is an annual event that takes place at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, during the 18 days leading up to and including Canadian Labour Day, the first Monday in September.
 With approximately 1.5 million visitors each year, the CNE is Canada’s largest annual fair and the fifth largest in North America.
 The first Canadian National Exhibition took place in 1879, largely to promote agriculture and technology in Canada.
 Agriculturists, engineers, and scientists exhibited their discoveries and inventions at the CNE to showcase the work and talent of the nation.
 As Canada has grown as a nation, the CNE has also changed over time, reflecting the growth in diversity and innovation, though agriculture and technology remain a large part of the CNE today.
 To many people in the Greater Toronto Area and the surrounding communities, the CNE is an annual family tradition.
During the final stage of World War II, the United States dropped nuclear weapons on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki on August 6 and 9, 1945, respectively.
 The United States had dropped the bombs with the consent of the United Kingdom as outlined in the Quebec Agreement.
 The two bombings, which killed at least 129,000 people, remain the only use of nuclear weapons for warfare in history.
Air India Flight 182 was an Air India flight operating on the Toronto–Montreal–London–Delhi route.
 On 23 June 1985, the Boeing 747-237B serving the flight (c/n 21473/330, registration VT-EFO , "Emperor Kanishka") was destroyed by a bomb at an altitude of 31000 ft .
 It crashed into the Atlantic Ocean while in Irish airspace.
 It was the first bombing of a 747 jumbo jet.
 A total of 329 people were killed, including 268 Canadian citizens, 27 British citizens and 24 Indian citizens.
 The incident was the largest mass murder in Canadian history, and the deadliest incident in the history of Air India.
 It was the deadliest terrorist attack involving an airplane until the September 11, 2001, attacks.
 The bombing of Air India 182 occurred at the same time as the Narita Airport bombing.
 Investigators believe that the two plots were linked, and that those responsible were aiming for a double bombing.
 However, the bomb at Narita exploded before it could be loaded onto the plane.
The first bombing of Dublin in World War II occurred early on the morning of 2 January 1941, when German bombs were dropped on the Terenure area of south Dublin.
 This was followed, early on the following morning of 3 January 1941, by further German bombing of houses on Donore Terrace in the South Circular Road area of south Dublin.
 A number of people were injured, but no one was killed in these bombings.
 Later that year, on 31 May 1941, four German bombs fell in north Dublin, one damaging Áras an Uachtaráin but with the greatest impact in the North Strand area, killing 28 people.
 However, the first bombing of the Republic of Ireland had taken place several months earlier, on 26 August 1940, when the German Luftwaffe bombed Campile, County Wexford, killing three people.
