This is a list of Australian places named by James Cook.
 James Cook was the first navigator to chart most of the Australian east coast, one of the last major coastlines in the world unknown to Europeans at the time.
 Cook named many bays, capes and other geographic features, nearly all of which are still gazetted, and most of which are still in use today, although in some places the spelling is slightly different.
 This is a list of the placenames he used in his first voyage listed from south to north as described on his 1773 chart and in his journals.
GRV "James Cook" was a research vessel of the New Zealand Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries.
 It was built in 1966 as the New Zealand Sea Products Export Ltd trawler "Sea Harvester II" and purchased by the New Zealand government in 1969 when the company went bankrupt.
 The ship was renamed "James Cook" after Captain James Cook and used as a research vessel until 1991, when it was replaced by the RV "Tangaroa".
The James Cook Observatory, or just "Cook Observatory" is the most eastern astronomical observatory in the world.
 It is located on Titirangi (Kaiti Hill), Gisborne, North Island, New Zealand.
 It is named after Captain James Cook.
Cooks' Cottage, also known as Captain Cook's Cottage, is located in the Fitzroy Gardens, Melbourne, Australia.
 The cottage was constructed in 1755 in the English village of Great Ayton, North Yorkshire, by the parents of Captain James Cook, James and Grace Cook, and was brought to Melbourne in 1934 by Sir Russell Grimwade.
 It is a point of conjecture among historians whether James Cook, the famous navigator, ever lived in the house, but almost certainly he visited his parents at the house.
The Captain James Cook Memorial was built by the Commonwealth Government to commemorate the Bicentenary of Captain James Cook's first sighting of the east coast of Australia.
 The memorial includes a water jet located in the central basin and a skeleton globe sculpture at Regatta Point of Lake Burley Griffin in Canberra, showing the paths of Cook's expeditions.
 On 25 April 1970, Queen Elizabeth II officially inaugurated the memorial.
The Death of Captain James Cook, 14 February 1779 is a painting by Johann Zoffany.
 The painting records the loss of the British explorer Captain James Cook.
 The painting was completed in 1794 some years after the death of Cook in 1779.
 Other paintings of the death of Cook were painted earlier.
 The Mahiole (Feathered Helmet) that was included in the painting of Cook's death by Zoffany is said to be the helmet given to Cook when he first landed in Hawaii.
James Cook University Singapore is a university in Singapore, and is a branch of James Cook University, based in Townsville, Australia.
 In addition to Singapore and Townsville, JCU operates another campus in Cairns, Australia.
 JCU Singapore was opened in 2003 as part of the university's strategic intent of "Creating a brighter future for life in the tropics world-wide through graduates and discoveries that make a difference".
 The university is ranked in the top 2%* of universities in the world and is the leading tropical research university in Australia.
 JCU Singapore fully adapts the Australian curriculum and all degree certification is awarded from James Cook University Australia.
 JCU is registered under the Committee for Private Education Singapore (CPE).
The James Cook University School of Business is a constituent of James Cook University which is responsible for Accounting, Economics, Business, Tourism, Marketing, Management, Development and Information Technology disciplines offered by James Cook University.
 The School of Business is located between the University's Cairn's Campus and Douglas Campus.
 The head of the school is Professor David Low.
The Australian Museum's Cook Collection was acquired in 1894 when it was transferred from the Government of New South Wales.
 At that time it consisted of 115 artifacts collected on Captain James Cook's three voyages of discovery Throughout the Pacific Ocean, during the period 1768 - 1780, along with documents and memorabilia related to these voyages.
 Many of the ethnographic artifacts were collected at a time of first contact between Pacific Peoples and Europeans.
 In 1935 most of the documents and memorabilia were transferred to the Mitchell Library in the State Library of New South Wales.
 The provenance of the collection shows that the objects remained in the hands of Captain James Cook's widow, Mrs Elizabeth Cook and her descendants until 1886.
 In this year Mr John Mackrell, the great nephew of Isaac Smith (Royal Navy officer), Elizabeth Cook's cousin, organized the display of this collection at the request of the NSW Government at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in London.
 In 1887 the London-based Agent-General for the New South Wales Government, Saul Samuel, bought John Mackrell's items and also acquired those items belonging to the other relatives Reverend Canon Frederick Bennett, Mrs Thomas Langton, H.M.C.Alexander and Mr William Adams.
 The collection remained with the Colonial Secretary of NSW until 1894, when it was transferred to the Australian Museum.
James Cook railway station (also referred to as James Cook University Hospital railway station) is a station that serves the James Cook University Hospital in Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire, England.
 It also serves the surrounding areas of Park End, Berwick Hills and the nearby Middlesbrough Sports Village.
