The Russian presidential aircraft are aircraft of the Russian presidential fleet used by the President of Russia and other government officials, the presidential fleet is operated by Rossiya Airlines.
 As Russia is the largest country on Earth by land area, distances within Russia can be very long, and air travel is frequently needed for the President to travel across the country as well as internationally.
Grand Maket Rossiya is a private museum in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
 It is a model layout designed on a scale of 1:87 and covers an area of .
 In this area, collective images of regions of the Russian Federation are represented.
 It is the largest model layout in Russia and the second largest in the world (after the Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg, Germany).
 The model is located in a two story building built in 1953, in the style of Stalin's empire.
 The creator of the project is a Saint Petersburg businessman Sergey Morozov.
Air Wisconsin Airlines is a regional airline based at Appleton International Airport in the town of Greenville, Wisconsin, United States, near Appleton.
 Air Wisconsin is the largest privately held regional airline in the United States.
 It currently operates regional jet flights as American Eagle under contract to American Airlines via a code sharing agreement, serving cities in the U.S. and Canada with hubs at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS), Charlotte Douglas International Airport (CLT), Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA) .
 Air Wisconsin previously operated United Express service on behalf of United Airlines followed by US Airways Express service on behalf of US Airways prior to becoming an American Eagle regional air carrier.
 The company has announced it will once again partner with United Airlines as a United Express code sharing air carrier with primary hubs to be located at Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) and Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) beginning in September 2017 and will be "exclusively operating" as United Express by March 2018.
Maputo International Airport (IATA: MPM, ICAO: FQMA) , also known as Lourenço Marques Airport or Mavalane International Airport, is an airport located 3 km northwest of the center of Maputo, the largest city and capital of Mozambique.
 It is the largest airport in Mozambique, and hub for LAM Mozambique Airlines and Kaya Airlines.
 Most destinations served from the airport are in Africa but TAP Portugal operates a service to Lisbon, Portugal, Turkish Airlines operates flights to Istanbul, and Qatar Airways operates flights to Doha.
Rossiya Airlines OJSC (Russian: АО «Авиакомпания „Россия“» , "AO Aviakompaniya "Rossiya""), sometimes branded as "Rossiya - Russian Airlines" (Russian: «Россия — Российские авиалинии» , "Rossiya — Rossiyskie avialinii"), is a Russian airline headquartered in Saint Petersburg with its hub at Pulkovo Airport.
 It is based in Saint Petersburg, there are branches in Moscow Vnukovo International Airport, Rostov-on-Don Airport and Orenburg Tsentralny Airport.
 Rossiya is a fully owned subsidiary of Aeroflot.
Rossiya Airlines, a Russian airline, flies to the following destinations (as of July 2016):
The Izmailovo Hotel is a four-building hotel located in Izmaylovo District of Moscow, Russia.
 Its 3,500-person capacity, with 2,000 rooms, made it the world's largest hotel from 1980, when it surpassed the 3200-room Rossiya Hotel, also in Moscow, until 1993, when the MGM Grand Las Vegas was expanded to 5009 rooms.
The Rossiya Theatre (Russian: Театр «Россия» ), formerly known as the Pushkinsky Cinema (Russian: Кинотеатр «Пушкинский» ) is monument of architecture and currently the largest theatre in Moscow operated by Stage Entertainment.
 It is located in Pushkinskaya Square.
Mankato ( ) is a city in Blue Earth, Nicollet, and Le Sueur counties in the state of Minnesota.
 It is the 22nd biggest city in Minnesota.
 The population was 41,044 according to 2015 US census estimates, making it the fifth largest city in Minnesota outside of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area.
 The county seat of Blue Earth County, it is located along a large bend of the Minnesota River at its confluence with the Blue Earth River.
 Mankato is across the Minnesota River from North Mankato.
 Mankato and North Mankato have a combined population of over 53,000, according to the 2010 census.
 It completely encompasses the town of Skyline.
 North of Mankato Regional Airport, a tiny non-contiguous part of the city is located within Le Sueur County.
 Most of the city of Mankato is located within Blue Earth County.
Pulkovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Пулково ; ] ) (IATA: LED, ICAO: ULLI) is an international airport serving Saint Petersburg, Russia.
 It consists of one terminal, "Terminal 1" which is located 23 km south of the city centre.
 The airport serves as a hub for Rossiya Airlines (formerly Pulkovo Aviation Enterprise), and as focus city for Nordavia.
 Pulkovo International Airport is responsible for serving the citizens of Saint Petersburg, as well as the Leningrad Oblast: a total of 6,120,000 people.
