The Interamerican Scout Jamboree is the biggest event of the Interamerican Scout Region.
 It is held every four years in a different country of the region.
 The host country is elected during the Interamerican Scout Conference.
 Ecuador was announced as the host of the 15th Interamerican Scout Jamboree at the XXV Interamerican Scout Conference in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on 21 September 2013.
The Indian Scout is a motorcycle built by the Indian Motocycle Company from 1920 to 1949.
 It rivaled the Chief as Indian's most important model.
 The 101 Scout, made from 1928 to 1931, has been called the best motorcycle Indian ever made.
 A second line of Scouts, with lighter frames and reduced engine displacement, was introduced in 1932 alongside the Standard Scout, which replaced the 101 Scout and shared its frame with the Chief and the Four.
 The small-displacement Scout and the Sport Scout, introduced in 1934, were continued until the end of civilian production in 1942.
 Military versions of both models were used by US and other Allied forces during World War II.
Girl Scout Destinations, formerly Wider Opportunities or Wider Ops, are events for individual Girl Scouts (ages 11 – 18) hosted by GSUSA or individual Girl Scout councils.
 Most Destinations are held within the United States, though each year there are trips abroad, such as to allow participants to be part of the US delegation to another country's national jamboree, or a World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) World Centre.
 They can range from two days to three weeks long.
 Most events are geared toward specified grade levels: Girl Scout Cadettes (6th - 8th grade), Girl Scout Seniors (9th and 10th grade), or Girl Scout Ambassadors (11th and 12th grade).
 Girls must go through an application process and sometimes an interview process before being chosen for a Destination.
Original Sound is a Los Angeles, California-based record label.
 It was founded in the early 1950s by KPOP deejay Art Laboe.
 It began as a small label that specialized in compiling and re-releasing "oldies" R&B and rock 'n' roll songs.
KOKO-FM is a classic hits radio station broadcasting from Kerman, California, for the Fresno area with studio and office located in Los Angeles, California.
 KOKO 94 is the home for the Art Laboe Connection, and The Art Laboe Sunday Night Special.
 Laboe, by the way, is the station's owner.
 Its transmitter is in Kerman.
Scout Tufankjian is an Armenian-American photojournalist and author based in Brooklyn, New York.
 She is well known for her photos of American President Barack Obama during his campaign leading up to his presidency.
 She is also known for her photojournalism work on the Armenian diaspora.
Art Laboe (born Arthur Egnoian on August 7, 1925) is an Armenian American disc jockey, songwriter, record producer, and radio station owner, generally credited with coining the term "Oldies But Goodies".
A small but recognizable people with Arab origins have over time settled in the India.
 Genealogically they are grouped as "Indo-Arabs" or "Indians with Arab ancestry".
 Those who arrived in Kerala and Gujarat for trading goods were later recruited to the army.
 Most Arabs were traders, and businessmen who sold or traded silk, diamonds and other valuables resulting in wealthy business men.
 The city of Surat and villages within the city are known for Arab settlements.
 Variav and Randev are the few villages that Arabs started their lives in.
 In Hyderabad, Chaush are Arab community of Hadhrami descent whose ancestors were recruited as soldier by Nizam of Hyderabad.
 In coastal Karnataka, Iraqis arrived during the reign of Tipu Sultan.
 They claim their ancestry from Banu Assad.
 These population migrations may have been favored by both the Nizam of Hyderabad and Tipu Sultan of Mysore because both had their ancestral linkages to these populations.The Asaf Jahi Dynasty claimed Arab ancestry from Asir Province and Tipu Sultan from the Bani Hashim of Hijaz Province in Arabia.
 Many Arabs having Adnani ancestry such as Quraishi, Ansari, Sayyid tribes and other descendants of the Sahaba were employed by the Princely States in their military as they were found efficient during warfare.
 In Kerala, Syed Thangals of Hadhrami descent settled around 17th century as missionaries to propagate Islam.
 There are also Shia Sayyids in Northern region of country who claim descent from Wasit, Iraq like Zaidis although many Arab genealogists dispute this fact.
 Sunni Sayyid of the country also claim Arab descent from Sufi missionaries.
 Most of the Sufis migrated from Persia.
 Sunni Sayyids claim their Arab ancestry through Imam Hassan or Imam Hussain in which case their names may be Hassani, Hussaini or Hashmi.
 Some also claim descent from both and are termed ""Najeeb AlTarfayn"" or "Noble on both sides".
 Many Sufi Saints such as Abdul-Qadir Gilani and Moinuddin Chishti and their descendants claim themselves as "Najeeb AlTarfayn" although many genealogists dispute this fact.
 Sunni Sheikhs also claim Arab descent from Sufis or migrants.
 They don't know their tribe but trace lineage from Umar - Farooqi, Abu Bakr- Siddiqui, Uthman - Usmani and Ali - Alawi or Mir, who established the Rashidun Caliphate.
 Many who can vaguely trace their lineage to the Quraish tribe call themselves QuraishiMany having the name Ansari claim their lineage to the Ansar tribes of Madina Munawwara and the companions of the Prophet Muhammad such as Abu Ayyub al-Ansari.
 Many of the present Sheikhs converted from Hindu castes such as Kayasth and Rajput.
Chinese Australians () are Australian citizens of Chinese ancestry.
 Chinese Australians are one of the largest groups of Overseas Chinese people, forming the largest Overseas Chinese community in Oceania.
 Per capita, Australia has more people of Chinese ancestry than any country outside of Asia.
 Many Chinese Australians are immigrants from Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, and other countries such as Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and the Philippines, while many are descendants of such immigrants.
 Chinese Australians are also a subgroup of Asian Australians and East Asian Australians and represent the single largest minority ethnicity in the country.
 As a whole, Australian residents identifying themselves as having Chinese ancestry made up 5.6% of those nominating their ancestry at the 2016 census and numbered 1,213,903.
Since the publication of "Scouting for Boys" in 1908, all Scouts and Girl Guides around the world have taken a Scout (or Guide) promise or oath to live up to ideals of the movement, and subscribed to a Scout Law.
 The wording of the Scout Promise (or Oath) and Scout Law have varied slightly over time and from country to country.
 Some national organization promises are given below.
 Although most Scouting and Guiding organizations use the word "promise", a few such as the Boy Scouts of America tend to use "oath" instead.
 Typically, Scouts and Guides will make the three-fingered Scout Sign when reciting the promise.
