"Sword Art Online" is a science fantasy anime series adapted from the light novel series of the same title written by Reki Kawahara and illustrated by Abec.
 It was produced by A-1 Pictures and the SAO Project, and directed by Tomohiko Itō.
 It is divided into the "Aincrad" and "Fairy Dance" arcs.
 The story of the first season follows the adventures of Kazuto "Kirito" Kirigaya and Asuna Yuuki, two players who are trapped in the virtual world of "Sword Art Online" (SAO).
 They are tasked to clear all 100 Floors and defeat the final boss in order to be freed from the game.
 Three months after the death game, Kazuto discovers that Asuna is being held captive in "ALfheim Online" (ALO), a spiritual successor to SAO, where the players assume the roles of fairies.
 Kazuto enters the game and allies himself with his sister Suguha "Leafa" Kirigaya to rescue Asuna from captivity.
Angampora (Sinhalese: අංගම්පොර , is a form of martial art from Sri Lanka that combines combat techniques, self-defense, sport, exercise, and meditation.
 A key component of angampora is the namesake "angam", which incorporates hand-to-hand fighting, and "illangam", involving the use of indigenous weapons such as the ethunu kaduwa, staves, knives and swords.
 Another component known as "maya angam", which uses spells and incantations for combat, is also said to have existed.
 Angampora's distinct feature lies in the use of pressure point attacks to inflict pain or permanently paralyze the opponent.
 Fighters usually make use of both striking and grappling techniques, and fight until the opponent is caught in a submission lock that they cannot escape.
 Usage of weapons is discretionary.
 Perimeters of fighting are defined in advance, and in some of the cases is a pit.
 With the advent of colonialism over the entirety of the island in 1815, Angampora fell into disuse and was very nearly lost as a part of the country's heritage.
 The British administration prohibited its practice due to the dangers posed by a civilian populace versed in a martial art, burning down any "angan madu" (practice huts devoted to the martial art) found: flouting of the law was punished by a gunshot to the knee, effectively crippling practitioners; Angampora nevertheless survived within a few families, allowing it to emerge into mainstream Sri Lankan culture post-independence.
In Wing Chun martial arts, Pak Sao is a blocking technique similar to a parry used in boxing.
 With "Pak Sao", the hand comes directly out of the center of the body to slap away an attacker's strike to one's head.
 Effective application of "Pak Sao" involves creating an angle of deflection through which the opponent's blow can be slapped away with minimal effort.
Hélio Gracie (] ; October 1, 1913 – January 29, 2009) was a Brazilian martial artist who, together with his brother Carlos Gracie, founded the martial art of Gracie jiu-jitsu and with Luiz França and Oswaldo Fadda the martial art of Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ).
 According to Rorion Gracie, his father Hélio is one of the first sports heroes in Brazilian history; he was named Man of the Year in 1997 by the American martial arts publication "Black Belt" magazine.
 A patriarch of the Gracie family, he was the father of Rickson, Royler, Royce, Relson, and Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) co-founder Rorion Gracie, among other sons and daughters.
Soo Bahk Do is a martial art founded and taught by Kwan Jang Nim Hwang Kee, his successor Hwang Hyun Chul, known as H.C. Hwang, and instructors who are certified by member organizations of the World Moo Duk Kwan, Inc.
 This martial art was originally the ancient martial art of Korea.
 Hwang Kee created Moo Duk Kwan with influence from "Soo Bahk Do"
Hwa Rang Do, also known as "The Way of the Flowering Knights" (Hangul: 화랑도 ; Hanja: 花郞道 ) is a comprehensive Korean martial art that was developed in the 1960s by Joo Bang Lee and his brother Joo Sang Lee.
 Hwa Rang Do as a martial art has multiple areas of focus including stand up fighting with open-hand striking, weapons, throws and takedowns, ground fighting, various types of meditative practices, intellectual and character development, and artistic and cultural pursuits.
Cho Hee Il (born October 13, 1940) is a prominent Korean-American master of taekwondo, holding the rank of 9th "dan" in the martial art.
 He has written 11 martial art books, produced 70 martial art training videos, and has appeared on more than 70 martial arts magazine covers.
 Cho won several national and international competitions as a taekwondo competitor, and has appeared in several films, including "Fight to Win", "Best of the Best", "Bloodsport II", and "Bloodsport III".
 He founded the Action International Martial Arts Association (AIMAA) in 1980, and is its President.
 Cho is a member of both "Black Belt" magazine's Hall of Fame and "Tae Kwon Do Times" magazine's Hall of Fame.
Taijutsu (体術 , literally "body technique" or "body skill") is a Japanese blanket term for any combat skill, technique or system of martial art using body movements that are described as an empty-hand combat skill or system.
 The term is commonly used when referring to a traditional Japanese martial art but has also been used in the naming of modern martial arts such as Bujinkan Budo Taijutsu.
 Taijutsu is similar to Karate but is more focused on the body techniques.
 More specific names than taijutsu are typically used when describing a martial art, such as jujutsu (focusing on throwing, grappling, and submission), judo (focusing on throwing and grappling), aikido (focusing on throwing and joint locks) as well as karate and kenpō (focusing on striking).
Lerdrit (Thai: เลิศฤทธิ์, rtgs: loetrit, IPA: [lɤ̂ːt.rít]) is a Thai martial art taught and used by the Royal Thai Army.
 Muay Lert Rit (or Lerdrit) is a style of fighting derived from Thai Martial Arts (Muay Boran).
 A selection was made among the very large portfolio of techniques already available in the different styles and adapted to close combat.
 Many of the technique can be used very close or taken directly from the Mae Mai (Standard techniques for bare hand fighting) or the Look Mai (Advanced fighting techniques).
 As with all military techniques, the goal is radical.
Wing Chun () is a traditional Southern Chinese martial art specializing in close range combat.
 It is known for being economical, direct and efficient.
 .
