Dean Winchester is a fictional character and one of the two protagonists of the American drama television series "Supernatural".
 He is portrayed by Jensen Ackles.
 Other versions of the character having been portrayed by Hunter Brochu (toddler), Ridge Canipe (child), Nicolai Lawton-Giustra (pre-teen), Brock Kelly and Dylan Everett (teen), and Chad Everett (elderly).
The Roy Files is an Irish-based British children's television show, filmed in Dublin, Ireland, which was broadcast by CBBC in the United Kingdom and ABC Me in Australia.
 It began airing 7 December 2015.
 The show centres on the title character Roy O'Brien, the 11-year-old animated son of a live-action family.
 The series is a spin-off from "ROY", an Irish-British television show which ran from 1 July 2009 to 7 April 2015.
 It stars Jason Cullen (replacing Scott Graham as Roy), Simon Delaney, Cathy Belton and Martha Byrne.
Jonathan Routh, born John Reginald Surdeval Routh, (1927–2008) co-starred in the British version of the television show "Candid Camera" (1960–67) and co-starred with Germaine Greer and Kenny Everett in a later attempt at a revival, "Nice Time" (1968).
 He published a number of humorous books, and also painted for many years.
Samuel Dylan Murray Preston (16 January 1982) more commonly known as Preston, is an English singer, best known for being the lead singer of The Ordinary Boys.
 He also appeared in the reality television show "Celebrity Big Brother" in 2006, in which he finished fourth.
 After The Ordinary Boys split in 2008, he embarked on a songwriting career.
 In 2013 he officially reunited The Ordinary Boys and in 2015 they released their self-titled comeback album.
Frenemies is a 2012 teen comedy-drama television film and anthology based on the novel of the same name by Alexa Young which premiered on Disney Channel.
 It features an ensemble cast starring Bella Thorne, Zendaya, Stefanie Scott, Nick Robinson, Mary Mouser and features Connor Price, Jascha Washington and Dylan Everett.
 The film follows three pairs of teenage friends that go from friends to enemies and back again.
 The film was directed by Daisy Mayer and written by Dava Savel, Wendy Weiner, and Jim Krieg.
 The Disney Channel Original Movie premiered on January 13, 2012 in the United States and Canada.
Dylan Everett (born January 24, 1995) is a Canadian actor.
 He is best known for his roles in "How To Be Indie" (2009–2011), "Wingin' It" (2010–2013), "" (2012–2013), and "Open Heart" (2015).
Wingin' It (originally titled Angel on Campus prior to its debut) is a Canadian teen sitcom which aired on Family.
 The series was produced by Temple Street Productions in association with Family.
 It stars Demetrius Joyette and Dylan Everett.
 This show included guest-stars from other Family Channel shows such as "The Latest Buzz".
 It was announced that the series was renewed for a third season on June 13, 2011.
 Family announced that the series is not planned for a fourth season.
Karaoke Star Jr. is a reality television show for children that airs on YTV and CMT.
 This show is just like the show Karaoke Star, except it features kids instead of adults.
 It is hosted by Paul McGuire (CMT) and Phil Guerrero (YTV).
 The purpose of the show is to discover Canada's first ever Karaoke Star Jr.
 The show premiered on YTV and CMT on March 16, 2009 at 7pm ET.
 New episodes of the show now air every Monday on these stations.
 Jamiee is the winner from the first season.
Everett Greenbaum (December 20, 1919 – July 11, 1999) was an American television and film writer and actor who contributed to such shows as "The Andy Griffith Show" (24 Episodes), "M*A*S*H" (35 Episodes), "Love American Style", "The Real McCoys" (32 Episodes), "Sanford and Son", and "The George Gobel Show".
 Greenbaum was a co-creator with Jim Fritzell of "Mister Peepers" an important early television show which starred Wally Cox.
 He wrote the Hollywood feature film "Good Neighbor Sam", as well as a series of films starring Don Knotts that included "The Shakiest Gun in the West", "The Reluctant Astronaut", and "The Ghost and Mr. Chicken".
JKT48's Finding Star (also known as Finding Star or Finding Star Indonesia) is an Indonesian talent search television show sponsored by Dentsu Aegis Network Ltd., FremantleMedia, and NET.
, for the biggest idol group in Indonesia, JKT48 , the show is aired on weekends, and Honda which became the official sponsor of this show.
 This show never aired under the name iClub48 aired on NET., Where the format of the show is exactly the same, namely the talent show which will search for talents spectacular, but that is different is that join this show there is no age limitation and all can come, can be individually or group, voting via SMS and Google vote at the live shows, and broadcast it's live, so the schedule show tonight at the theater JKT48 abolished at the weekend (Saturday or Friday).
