Ashley Schafer is a Professor of Architecture at the Ohio State University, where she was Head of Architecture from 2005-2009.
 Prior to joining the faculty at Ohio State, she was an Associate Professor of Architecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design.
Knowlton Hall, located in Columbus, Ohio, United States, is the current home for the three disciplines that comprise the Austin E. Knowlton School of Architecture (KSA) at The Ohio State University.
 The building was completed in 2004.
 The School of Architecture offers both undergraduate and graduate degrees in the fields of Architecture, Landscape Architecture, and City and Regional Planning.
 Knowlton Hall serves as the replacement for Ives Hall, the previous home of the school of architecture which was demolished in July 2002.
 The namesake of Knowlton Hall is Austin E. "Dutch" Knowlton.
 He graduated from The Ohio State University in 1931 with a Bachelor's in Architectural Engineering and provided a $10 million donation that spearheaded the funding for the creation of the building.
Rudolph Hall, also known as the Yale Art and Architecture Building or the A & A Building, is one of the earliest and best known examples of Brutalist architecture in the United States.
 The building houses Yale University's School of Architecture (it once also housed the School of Art) and is located in New Haven, Connecticut.
The Ohio State University, Lima, also referred to as Ohio State Lima is a regional campus of Ohio State University located in Lima, Ohio.
 Its 565 acre campus is located in Lima, 80 mi south of Toledo, Ohio.
 It offers over 140 courses and 9 bachelor degree programs in science and liberal Arts.
 Nine of eleven programs are four-year programs at Lima.
 Two of them are baccalaureate completion programs.
 In addition to regional accreditation, Ohio State Lima has baccalaureate program accreditation with NCATE.
 Students can start at Lima and finish their degrees at The Ohio State University, Columbus with one of Ohio State’s 170+ majors.
 The Ohio State University at Lima offers over 20 student clubs and organizations.
 There are also 12 intramural and club athletic teams.
 The Lima Campus Library has 76,000 volumes and 200+ journal subscriptions.
 Library databases also provide access to thousands of online journals.
 The University shares the campus with James A. Rhodes State College.
The Ohio State University at Mansfield is a regional campus of The Ohio State University located in Mansfield, Ohio.
 It was founded in 1958 as a land-grant college.
 Its 644 acre campus is situated in the western foothills of the Allegheny Plateau, the North Central Ohio region, with easy access to Columbus and Cleveland.
 The campus offers seven bachelor degree programs and two master degree programs.
 Students can start at Mansfield and finish their degrees at The Ohio State University, Columbus, with one or more of Ohio State’s 170 majors.
 The Bromfield Library of the OSU mansfield campus provides access to all the resources of The Ohio State University and Ohio Link.
John B. Quigley is a professor of law at the Moritz College of Law at the Ohio State University, where he is the Presidents' Club Professor of Law.
 In 1995 he was recipient of The Ohio State University Distinguished Scholar Award.
 Before joining the Ohio State faculty in 1969, Professor Quigley was a research scholar at Moscow State University, and a research associate in comparative law at Harvard Law School.
 Professor Quigley teaches international law and comparative law.
 Professor Quigley holds an adjunct appointment in the Political Science Department.
 In 1982–83 he was a visiting professor at the University of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Richard D. Finn, Jr. (born c. 1933), also known as Dick Finn, was an American baseball player and coach.
 He grew up in Lima, Ohio, and attended Ohio State University.
 He was a pitcher for the Ohio State Buckeyes baseball team and captain of the 1955 team that won a Big Ten Conference championship in 1955.
 He graduated from Ohio State in 1955.
 From 1960 to 1964, he was an assistant football and basketball coach at Woodward High School in Toledo, Ohio.
 In August 1964, he was hired as the head baseball coach at the University of Toledo.
 He held that position for until 1969.
 In September 1969 he was hired as an assistant baseball coach at Ohio State.
 In May 1975, after six years as an assistant coach, he became the head baseball coach at Ohio State.
 He stepped down as head baseball coach in June 1987 and was appointed special assistant to Ohio State athletic director Rick Bay.
Kyle Ezell (born Jonathan Kyle Ezell in Lawrenceburg, Tennessee) is an American urban planning practitioner, writer, and theorist.
 Ezell focuses on vibrant downtowns and expressing local culture in the built environment.
 He is currently a professor and head of the undergraduate planning program of the Knowlton School at The Ohio State University.
The Powerhouse is a historic building located on the campus of California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California.
 Built from 1908 to 1910, the building was designed by William H. Weeks in the Mission Revival style.
 The Powerhouse was the last of the original buildings at Cal Poly to be constructed; however, it is now the only remaining original building on its campus.
 The building originally served as a power plant run by students and two full-time supervisors; it also held Mechanics and Electrical Engineering classes.
 The Powerhouse stopped generating power in the 1940s and was replaced entirely and abandoned in 1955.
 In 1967, the building found a new use when the school's College of Architecture and Environmental Design decided to hold classes there.
 The college continued to hold classes in the building even after the construction of a new architecture building, and only stopped in 1990 when the school's administration ordered the building to be abandoned.
The Architecture Studies Library (ASL) is located in the "Paul B. Sogg Architecture Building", located on the University of Nevada, Las Vegas campus.
 The services of the library address both the needs of the faculty and students of the UNLV School of Architecture, and also responds to the needs of researchers through an email reference service.
 The Library provides historical and current information and resources about architecture in Las Vegas, primarily through its Las Vegas Architects and Buildings Database.
