Colgan Air Flight 9446 was a repositioning flight operated by Colgan Air for US Airways Express.
 On August 26, 2003 a Beech 1900D crashed into water 100 yards offshore from Yarmouth, Massachusetts, United States shortly after taking off from Barnstable Municipal Airport in Yarmouth.
 Captain Scott Knabe and First Officer Steven Dean died.
 The plane was bound for Albany, New York, U.S.
Gameel Al-Batouti (Arabic: جميل البطوطي‎ ‎ ; also rendered "Gamil El Batouti" or "El Batouty" in U.S. official reports; 2 February 1940 – 31 October 1999) was a pilot for EgyptAir and a former officer for the Egyptian Air Force.
 On 31 October 1999, all 217 people aboard EgyptAir Flight 990 were killed when it crashed into the Atlantic Ocean about 60 mi southeast of Nantucket Island, Massachusetts.
 The US National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) concluded that the official probable cause of the crash was a series of control inputs made by Al-Batouti, who was in the position of relief first officer in command at the time of the crash.
The LeRoy W. Homer Jr.
 Foundation is a national 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in memory of First Officer LeRoy W. Homer Jr..
 LeRoy Homer was the co-pilot of United Airlines Flight #93, which crashed in Shanksville, Pennsylvania on September 11, 2001.
 The flight recordings revealed that Dahl and Homer survived the initial attack and were still alive after the hijackers took over the plane.
 It is believed that Dahl and Homer took actions to interfere with the hijackers, including disengaging the autopilot just before the hijackers took over in order to prevent them from setting the plane's target coordinates for Washington, D.C., and switching the output of the pilots' microphones from the cabin address speakers to the radio transmitter so that Jarrah's attempts to communicate with the passengers would instead be heard by air traffic controllers.
 After learning of the earlier crashes at the thumb|right|World Trade CenterMelodie and the Pentagon, the crew and passengers attempted to foil the hijacking and reclaim the aircraft.
 Meanwhile, the hijackers were not able to disengage the autopilot.
 Dahl continued to struggle in the cockpit, refusing to allow a hijacker to deactivate the autopilot so he could fly the plane manually.
 The hijackers were heard to say "Inform them, and tell him to talk to the pilot; bring back the pilot", possibly referring toLaurel Homer (CVR transcripts).
 However, the uprising of crew and passengers took place and during the attempt the plane crashed into a field in Stonycreek Township, Pennsylvania2002.
 The crash killed everyone on board.
 Before the plane went down, she says, he had regained consciousness and was part of the final attack that forced the plane to abort its intended target, which was somewhere in Washington, D.C., and crash.ref>]]
Garuda Indonesia Flight 200 (GA200/GIA 200) was a scheduled domestic passenger flight of a Boeing 737-400 operated by Garuda Indonesia between Jakarta and Yogyakarta, Indonesia.
 The aircraft overran the runway, crashed into a rice field and burst into flames while landing at Adisucipto International Airport on 7 March 2007.
 Twenty passengers and one crew member were killed.
 Both the captain and the first officer survived.
EgyptAir Flight 990 (MS990/MSR990) was a regularly scheduled flight from Los Angeles International Airport, United States, to Cairo International Airport, Egypt, with a stop at John F. Kennedy International Airport, New York City.
 On October 31, 1999, the Boeing 767 operating the route crashed into the Atlantic Ocean about 60 mi south of Nantucket Island, Massachusetts, killing all 217 people on board.
 The official probable cause of the crash was deliberate action by the relief first officer.
FedEx Express Flight 80 was a scheduled cargo flight from Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport in the People's Republic of China, to Narita International Airport in Narita, Chiba Prefecture (near Tokyo), Japan.
 On March 23, 2009, a McDonnell Douglas MD-11F (N526FE) operating the flight crashed at 6:48 am JST (21:48 UTC, March 22), while attempting a landing on Runway 34L in gusty wind conditions.
 The aircraft became destabilized at flare and touchdown resulting in an unrecovered "bounced" landing with structural failure of the landing gear and airframe, and came to rest off the runway, inverted, and burning fiercely.
 The captain and first officer, the jet's only occupants, were both killed.
Third officer is a lesser used civil aviation rank.
 It was primarily used by Pan American World Airways, particularly on its "Clippers" during the infancy of extended range airline routes.
 The third officer served as a relief pilot and aircrew member and could move between pilot, co-pilot, radio officer, and flight engineer positions to provide a rest period for the primary crews ("Flying The World In Clipper Ships").
 Third officers in modern civil aviation are often not formally titled as such.
 Rather, these relief pilots take on a junior first officer rank or in some cases a second officer rank.
Aurelio Valle is an American singer, guitarist, composer and visual art residing in New York, New York born in Chicago, Illinois and raised in Kingsville, Texas.
 He is a founding member of the experimental rock group CALLA from New York City/Brooklyn, New York and is best known for his work with that group.
 The band was formed in New York City in 1997 along with Wayne Magruder and Sean Donovan, later adding member Peter Gannon.
On May 27, 2017, Summit Air flight 409, a Let L-410, crashed short of the runway threshold whilst attempting landing at Tenzing–Hillary Airport in Nepal.
 It was on final approach to Lukla's runway 06 at about 1404 Local Time when the aircraft hit trees short of the runway and subsequently crashed on the ground 3 m below runway level.
 The aircraft the slid down the slope before coming to a rest about 200 m below runway level.
 The captain and the first officer died as result of the accident, another crew member received injuries.
 At the time of the accident, local visibility was substantially reduced by ground fog.
 The up-slope runway 06 is an all visual runway without any instrument approach guidance.
Air Tahoma Flight 185 was a scheduled cargo flight from Memphis to the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport conducted by Air Tahoma as part of a contract to freight parcels for courier firm DHL.
 On August 13, 2004, the flight crashed during approach to landing just one mile short of the runway.
 The Convair 580, which is a twin engine turboprop, was destroyed upon impact.
 The first officer was killed and the captain received minor injuries.
