Missing Years is the fifth studio album by the American country music band Little Texas.
 Released in 2007 on Montage Music Group, it is the band's first studio album for that label, and its first new studio album since 1997's "Little Texas".
 It is also the first studio album not to feature former co-lead vocalists Brady Seals and Tim Rushlow.
 Here, lead guitarist Porter Howell serves as lead vocalist, and the other three remaining members (drummer Del Gray, rhythm guitarist Dwayne O'Brien, and bass guitarist Duane Propes) are retained.
Drive North is the third studio album by the American rock band SWMRS, released on February 16, 2016, through their own label, Uncool Records.
 It was re-released through Fueled By Ramen on October 14, 2016 when they added the songs "Palm Trees" and "Lose It" to the record.
 It is the band's first studio album and second overall release under the name SWMRS after changing their name in late 2014.
 It is the first album to feature bassist Seb Mueller and guitarist Max Becker, who previously played bass.
 It is the band's first independent release and is also the band's first studio album not to be produced by drummer Joey Armstrong's father, Billie Joe Armstrong.
Kim Jong-hyun (born April 8, 1990), better known by the mononym Jonghyun, is a South Korean singer-songwriter, and radio host.
 He is a vocalist of the South Korean boy group Shinee, and has further participated in S.M. Entertainment's project group S.M.
 The Ballad.
 Jonghyun debuted as a solo artist on January 12, 2015, with his first EP, titled "Base".
 In the same year, on September 17, Jonghyun released a compilation album, "Story Op.1".
 On May 24, 2016, Jonghyun released his first studio album, "She Is", followed by his second compilation album, "Story Op.2" on April 24, 2017.
The Year the Sun Died is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Sanctuary, released on October 6, 2014 in Europe, and eight days later in North America.
 It is Sanctuary's first studio album in 24 years, since 1990's "Into the Mirror Black", and their only release with former Forced Entry guitarist Brad Hull, making it the band's first studio album without guitarist Sean Blosl, as well as their final release with bassist Jim Sheppard.
 "The Year the Sun Died" is also the first Sanctuary album released on Century Media Records, making it their first album not to be released on Epic Records.
Kim Jong-hyun (most often credited as Jonghyun), is a South Korean singer-songwriter and producer.
 He began his musical career in 2008 as a member of the group Shinee and later formed the ballad group S.M.
 The Ballad.
 Jonghyun debuted as a composer happened to write Korean lyrics for the Shinees promotional single "Juliette", which was featured in the mini-album "Romeo", released in May 2009.
 Participate in the writing of three songs on Shinee's second Korean studio album, "Lucifer", the first, "Up & Down", was co-written with Misfit with the rap being written by Minho, the second, "Obsession", was completely written by Jonghyun with Minho once again working on his own rap, and the third "Shout Out" co-written by all members of Shinee, JQ and Misfit.
 In 2012, Jonghyun co-wrote the lyrics to the song with "Alarm Clock" with Minho, a song about wishing to wake up from the nightmare of a past break up, and wrote the lyrics to "Honesty" which was described as a song written for the fans who had stayed by their side with unchanging love until that point.
 Both songs were featured on the mini album, "Sherlock".
13 is the nineteenth and final studio album by English rock band Black Sabbath.
 The album was released on 10 June 2013 in Europe and 11 June 2013 in North America, via Vertigo Records and Republic Records in the US, and via Vertigo Records worldwide.
 It is the only studio album released by Black Sabbath since "Forbidden" (1995), and was their first studio recording with original singer Ozzy Osbourne and bassist Geezer Butler since the live album "Reunion" (1998), which contained two new studio tracks.
 It was also the first studio album with Osbourne since "Never Say Die!
" (1978), and with Butler since "Cross Purposes" (1994), the first since "Never Say Die!"
 not to feature longtime keyboardist Geoff Nicholls, and the first since "The Eternal Idol" (1987) on the Vertigo label (outside the US and Canada).
in•ter a•li•a is the fourth studio album by post-hardcore band At the Drive-In, released on May 5, 2017.
 It is their first studio album in 17 years since "Relationship of Command", and their first release since the 2005 compilation album "This Station Is Non-Operational".
 It is also the first studio release by the band since "El Gran Orgo" to not feature founding member Jim Ward, who chose not to participate in the band's second reunion; as well as the first studio album by the band to feature former Sparta guitarist Keeley Davis.
Walking With () is the sixth solo studio album by South Korean pop singer-songwriter Kim Dong-ryool, and his seventh solo album overall.
 It was released on October 1, 2014 by the artist's label Music Farm and distributed by LOEN Entertainment.
 Guitarist (who has also been known as Lee Hyori's husband) and "Superstar K2" runner-up John Park participated on the album as featured artists.
 The album is the singer's first solo release since the holiday album "KimdongrYULE" (2011), and also his first studio album since "Monologue" (2008).
The discography of the South Korean singer Kim Jong-hyun (most often credited as Jonghyun) consists of one studio album, two compilation album, one extended play, seven singles and six appearances in soundtracks.
 Jonghyun released his first extended play, "Base", on January 12, 2015.
 His first compilation album, entitled "Story Op.1", was released on September 17, 2015.
 Jonghyun released a collaboration single with Heritage titled "Your Voice" on March 18, 2016, for the project Station.
 On May 24, 2016, he launched his first studio album, "She Is", containing a total of 9 songs.
 On December 9, 2016, he released the song "Inspiration" for the project Station.
 He released his second compilation album, titled "Story Op.2", on April 24, 2017.
Hardwired... to Self-Destruct is the tenth studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released as a double album on November 18, 2016 by their vanity label Blackened Recordings.
 It is their first studio album in eight years following "Death Magnetic" (2008), marking the longest gap between two studio albums in the band's career.
 It is also their first studio album not to feature songwriting credits from lead guitarist Kirk Hammett since he joined the band in 1983, and their first studio album released through Blackened.
 "Hardwired... to Self-Destruct" was produced by Greg Fidelman, who engineered and mixed "Death Magnetic".
 The album was Metallica's sixth consecutive studio album to debut at number one on the US "Billboard" 200, selling 291,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, and topping the charts in 57 countries.
 Having this album number one marked the second time in history that any band of any genre, along with Dave Matthews Band, would have six consecutive albums debut at number one.
 The album has sold over three million copies worldwide, and critical reception of the album was mostly positive.
