Dancing on Ice is a British made dance competition television series franchise produced around the world.
 The format, devised by London Weekend Television and Granada Television for ITV, has been a prime-time hit in eight different countries, including Britain and subsequently in Italy and Chile.
 In Australia, where it was titled "Torvill and Dean's Dancing on Ice", it was axed after just one series owing to production costs.
Strictly Come Dancing is a South African reality dance competition television series produced for SABC2 by Rapid Blue, based on the British show of the same name.
 It is broadcast live from the Carlton Centre Ballroom, Johannesburg, and it is hosted by Siphiwe Nhlapo.
 The show premiered in South Africa on SABC2 on Saturday 4 February 2006, at 20:00.
Dance Suomi, or simply "Dance", is a Finnish televised dance competition with a format based on the American dance show "So You Think You Can Dance".
 As with other shows in the "So You Think You Can Dance" franchise, the competition places young dancers from a wide variety of stylistic backgrounds in competition, with a combination of judge decisions and at-home-viewer votes deciding who persists in the competition from week to week.
 The show is hosted by television personality Caro Axel Smith (credited as "Axl" Smith) and has a judge's panel formed by Marco Bjurström and Merja Satulehto, with a third rotating seat for guest judges.
 The first season's winner, awarded a cash prize and a dance school scholarship opportunity in New York, was Sam Vaherlehto.
So You Think You Can Dance Scandinavia was an entry in the international "So You Think You Can Dance" franchise of dance competition television shows which represented Denmark, Norway, and Sweden.
Dancing with the Stars is an American dance competition television series that premiered on June 1, 2005, on ABC.
 It is the US version of the UK series "Strictly Come Dancing".
 The show is hosted by Tom Bergeron, alongside Erin Andrews, who became co-host in season eighteen.
 Lisa Canning was co-host in the first season, Samantha Harris co-hosted seasons two through nine and Brooke Burke-Charvet in seasons ten through seventeen.
 On May 12, 2017, it was announced that the series has been renewed for season twenty six.
Live to Dance is a United States television reality program and dance competition on the CBS network based on the British series "Got to Dance".
 Dancers from all over the country auditioned for "Live to Dance" in "specially constructed Dance Domes".
 Resembling the British dance competition series "Got to Dance", the show was first shown on January 4, 2011, and was headlined by the "American Idol" judge Paula Abdul as lead judge with Andrew Günsberg as host.
 Judging alongside Abdul were Kimberly Wyatt, the former member of Pussycat Dolls, and Michael Jackson's long-time choreographer Travis Payne.
 The show was intended to rival "So You Think You Can Dance" and unlike most other reality shows, allowed dancers of all ages to compete.
 The series was not renewed for a second season.
Boogie Woogie was an Indian dance competition television series created and directed by Naved Jaffrey and Ravi Behl for Sony Entertainment Television and Sony Entertainment Television Asia.
 Debuting in 1996, the show was judged by Indian film actor and Television host Javed Jaffrey who was the permanent judge, while his brother Naved, also the director and producer of the show, co hosted the show along with film actor Ravi Behl.
 The early episodes were shot in Mehta Industrial Estate in Andheri, Mumbai and later, was also shot at other film studios in Mumbai including Natraj, Filmalaya, Filmistaan, Famous, Film City among others.
 It is the oldest dance reality show on Indian TV and it has become the longest show in India.
 In the earlier seasons, the judges assigned various themes to episodes, including Bollywood, Horror, Friendship among others.
 It was also co-hosted by Kadambari Shantshri Desai in season 1 and 2.
Strictly Come Dancing (informally known as Strictly) is a British television dance contest, featuring contestants, celebrities, and other people, from all walks of life, with professional dance partners competing in a ballroom and Latin dance competition.
 Each couple is scored out of 10 by a panel of judges.
 The title of the show suggests a continuation of the long-running series "Come Dancing", with an allusion to the film "Strictly Ballroom".
 The format has been exported to over 40 other countries, and has also inspired a modern dance-themed spin-off "Strictly Dance Fever".
 The show is currently presented by Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman.
Teriya Phounja Magar is a dancer from Rudrapur, Rupandehi district, Nepal.
 Teriya Phounja Magar has become one of the famous celebrity of Nepal.
 She came into the public spot light during her performances on the dance competition television series "Dance India Dance Li'l Masters" which she won on 21 June 2014.
 She is also the winner of Colors TV dance reality show "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa (season 9)" which she won on 21 January 2017.
 Teriya Magar is the second daughter to her parents.
 Though her parents were expecting a son, but in present they are proud to be Teriya as their daughter.
Boogie Woogie Kids Championship was an Indian dance competition television series created and directed by Javed Jaffrey and Ravi Behl, owners of R&N TV Productions, for Sony Entertainment Television and Sony Entertainment Television Asia.
 Javed Jaffrey, Naved Jafri, and Ravi Behl are the permanent judges on the show.
