Field Marshal Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (14 November 1773 – 21 February 1865), was a British Army officer, diplomat and politician.
 As a junior officer he took part in the Flanders Campaign, in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War and in the suppression of Robert Emmet's insurrection in 1803.
 He commanded a cavalry brigade in Sir Arthur Wellesley's Army before being given overall command of the cavalry in the latter stages of the Peninsular War.
 He went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Ireland and then Commander-in-Chief, India.
 In the latter role he stormed Bharatpur—a fort which previously had been deemed impregnable.
Maharaja Surajmal Brij University, Bharatpur, formerly Brij University, Bharatpur, is a state university located at Bharatpur, Rajasthan, India.
 It was established in 2012 by the Government of Rajasthan through "Brij University, Bharatpur Act, 2012".
 In 2014, in commemoration of Maharaja Surajmal, it was renamed Maharaja Surajmal Brij University, Bharatpur through "Brij University, Bharatpur (Change of Name) Act, 2014".
 Ashwini Kumar Bansal was appointed Vice Chancellor of the university in February 2017.
Commander-in-Chief, Land Forces (CINCLAND), was a senior officer in the British Army.
 CINCLAND commanded HQ Land Forces, an administrative apparatus that had responsibility for all of the army's fighting units in the United Kingdom (excluding Northern Ireland), Germany and Brunei, together with training garrisons in Nepal, Belize, Canada and Kenya.
 CINCLAND was also the Standing Joint Commander (UK) (SJC(UK)), with responsibility for the provision of Military Aid to Civil Power within the United Kingdom.
 The position had existed since 1968, when it was known as General Officer Commanding Army Strategic Command.
 In 1972 it became Commander-in-Chief United Kingdom Land Forces (CINCUKLF).
 As from 1 April 2008, HQ Land Command was renamed HQ Land Forces (HQLF).
 Therefore, the Commander-in-Chief became Commander-in-Chief of HQ Land Forces.
During the period of the British Raj, the Commander-in-Chief, India (often "Commander-in-Chief "in" or "of" India") was the supreme commander of the British Indian Army.
 The Commander-in-Chief and most of his staff were based at General Headquarters, India, and liaised with the civilian Governor-General of India.
 Following the Partition of India in 1947 and the creation of the independent dominions of India and Pakistan, the post was abolished.
 It was briefly replaced by the position of Supreme Commander of India and Pakistan before the role was abolished in November 1948.
 Subsequently, the role of Commander-in-Chief was merged into the offices of the Governors-General of India and Pakistan, respectively, before becoming part of the office of President of India from 1950, of the President of Pakistan from 1956, and of the President of Bangladesh from 1972.
Vishvendra Singh (Born 23 June 1962 at Moti Mahal, Bharatpur) is a member of the Legislative Assembly from Deeg-Kumher Constituency in Bharatpur district of Rajasthan India.
 He is the son of the last ruler of the princely state of Bharatpur.
 In the 26th amendment to the Constitution of India promulgated in 1971, the Government of India abolished all official symbols of princely India, including titles, privileges, and remuneration (privy purses).
Field Marshal Sir Claude John Eyre Auchinleck {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (21 June 1884 – 23 March 1981) was a British Army commander during the Second World War.
 He was a career soldier who spent much of his military career in India, where he rose to become Commander-in-Chief of the Indian Army by early 1941.
 In July 1941 he was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the Middle East theatre, but after initial successes the war in North Africa turned against the British, and he was relieved of the post in 1942 during the crucial Alamein campaign.
 In June 1943 he was once more appointed Commander-in-Chief India, where his support through the organisation of supply, maintenance and training for Slim's Fourteenth Army played an important role in its success.
 He served as Commander-in-Chief India until Partition in 1947, when he assumed the role of Supreme Commander of all British forces in India and Pakistan until late 1948.
The Siege of Bharatpur took place between 2 January and 22 February 1805 in the Indian Princely state of Bharatpur (now part of Rajasthan), during the Second Anglo-Maratha War.
 Forces of the British East India Company, led by General Gerard Lake, were four times repulsed in attempts to storm the fortress.
 The victory by Bharatpur backed by the Maratha Empire was an embarrassing defeat for the British.
Bharatpur District is a district of Rajasthan state in western India also known as Jat Kingdom.
 The town of Bharatpur is the district headquarters.
 Bharatpur District is a part of National Capital Region (NCR).
Bharatpur is a city and newly created municipal corporation in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
 Located in the Braj region, Bharatpur was once considered to be impregnable and unbeatable.
 The city is situated 180 km south of India's capital, New Delhi, 178 km from Rajasthan's capital Jaipur, 55 km west of Agra and 34 km from Lord Krishna's birthplace Mathura.
 It is also the administrative headquarters of Bharatpur District and the headquarters of Bharatpur Division of Rajasthan.
 The Royal House of Bharatpur traces its history to the 11th century.
 Bharatpur is part of National Capital Region (NCR).
Lohagarh Fort (Iron fort) is situated at Bharatpur in Rajasthan, India.
 It was constructed by Bharatpur Jat rulers.
 Maharaja Suraj Mal used all his power and wealth to a good cause, and built numerous forts and palaces across his kingdom, one of them being the Lohagarh Fort (Iron fort), which was one of the strongest ever built in Indian history.
 The inaccessible Lohagarh fort could withstand repeated attacks of British forces led by Lord Lake in 1805 when they laid siege for over six weeks.
 Of the two gates in the fort, one in the north is known as Ashtdhaatu (eight metalled) gate while the one facing the south is called Chowburja (four-pillared) gate.
