Saeculum obscurum (Latin: "the Dark Age" ) is a name given to a period in the history of the Papacy during the first half of the 10th century, beginning with the installation of Pope Sergius III in 904 and lasting for sixty years until the death of Pope John XII in 964.
 During this period, the Popes were influenced strongly by a powerful and corrupt aristocratic family, the Theophylacti, and their relatives.
Upon A Winter’s Night is the sixth solo album and first Christmas album by folk artist Cara Dillon.
 The album, produced by Dillon's musical partner and husband Sam Lakeman, features eight arrangements of traditional carols and three original compositions.
 The titular track “Upon a Winter’s Night” was written by Sam Lakeman and the couple’s son, Noah, while “Standing by My Christmas Tree” and “Mother Mary” were written by Dillon and Lakeman.
Sir Eric Herbert Pearce, OBE (5 March 190512 April 1997) was a broadcaster and television pioneer in Australia.
 Pearce was born in Hampshire, England, and had an early career in radio on the BBC before migrating to Australia, where he was a long-term newsreader on Melbourne TV stations HSV Channel 7 (1956–65) and GTV Channel 9 (late 1950s–74, 1976–78).
 Pearce was married three times: Ella Mary (fl.
 1933); Jean Mary Macartney (1909–1956); and Betty (died c. 1987).
 Pearce's catchphrase sign-off of his news reports, "God bless you, and you", was for viewers and his third wife.
 Pearce was a devout Anglican.
Salty Walt & the Rattlin' Ratlines is a sea shanty performing group based in San Francisco, originally formed in 2003.
 The group consists of Walter "Salty Walt" Askew, Daniel Briggs, Griff Nelson, and Jon Richardson.
 On occasion, they also perform Celtic music and since at least 2005 have been performing a show of traditional carols and wassails on Boxing Day.
 They were voted San Francisco's "Best Sea Shanty Band" in 2006.
 The group appeared at the "Festival Maritim" in Vegesack, Germany in 2007.
Fantasia on Christmas Carols is a 1912 work for baritone, chorus, and orchestra by the English composer Ralph Vaughan Williams.
 First performed at the 1912 Three Choirs Festival at Hereford Cathedral, the work is a single movement of roughly twelve minutes which consists of the English folk carols "The truth sent from above", "Come all you worthy gentlemen" and "On Christmas night all Christians sing" (i.e. the Sussex Carol), all folk songs collected in southern England by Vaughan Williams and his friend Cecil Sharp a few years earlier.
 These are interposed with brief orchestral quotations from other carols, such as "The First Nowell".
 The early work remains popular with choral societies, and is sometimes paired with his longer Christmas work "Hodie" of 1954.
 There is also a version of the "Fantasia" which replaces the orchestra with strings and organ.
 A purely orchestral version, in which the solo vocal and choral parts were 'cued in' on the orchestral instruments, was performed in Studio 8H, New York, on 19 December 1943 by the NBC Symphony conducted by Leopold Stokowski.
 The broadcast of this unpublished version, which was presumably arranged by the conductor, has been released on a 'Guild Historical' CD and is also uploaded on YouTube.
Sam Stryke is the artist name of Sam Struyk (pronounced Sam Strike).
 Stryke is an American composer and contemporary pianist whose self-produced first album, "In the Wind" led him to be signed by Atlantic Records in 1991.
 Stryke has independently released the instrumental album "Emerging" in 2002 and his popular CD, "Christmas", which includes adaptations of classic Christmas carols, along with several original compositions in 2006.
 Stryke released his fourth album, a pop jazz CD entitled "Brunch", in April 2010.
 Also in 2010 Stryke released his second Christmas CD, "Joy to the World" featuring piano and orchestra arrangements of traditional carols.
And Winter Came... is the seventh studio album from the Irish singer, songwriter and musician Enya, released on 10 November 2008 by Warner Music internationally and 11 November 2008 by Reprise Records in the United States.
 After recording some new Christmas songs for her fourth extended play, "" (2006), Enya proceeded to write and record a Christmas album of traditional carols and original Christmas songs, but the idea was changed to an album of songs with a Christmas or winter theme.
 It was recorded in Ireland with her longtime collaborators, arranger and producer Nicky Ryan and his wife, lyricist Roma Ryan.
Ella Mary Leather (1876–1928) was a collector of the local folklore and songs of Herefordshire.
 Amongst her works is a collaboration with Ralph Vaughan Williams, "Twelve Traditional Carols from Herefordshire", and notes to the journal of The Folklore Society.
Ella Mary Edghill (born 13 November 1881 at Aldershot; date of death unknown) was a British translator known primarily for her translation of "Categories" which appeared in Volume 1 (1928) of the "The Works of Aristotle" series, edited by W. D. Ross and J. A. Smith.
 She was the daughter of Rev. John Cox Edghill, DD, Chaplain General to British Armed Forces, and Mary Nesfield.
The Minor Prophets or Twelve Prophets (Aramaic: תרי עשר‎ ‎ , "Trei Asar", "The Twelve"), occasionally Book of the Twelve, is the last book of the Nevi'im, the second main division of the Jewish Tanakh.
 The collection is broken up to form twelve individual books in the Christian Old Testament, one for each of the prophets.
 The terms "minor prophets" and "twelve prophets" can also refer to the twelve traditional authors of these works.
