In Germanic mythology, Odin (from Old Norse Óðinn) is a widely revered god.
 In Norse mythology, from which stems most of the information about the god, Odin is associated with healing, death, royalty, the gallows, knowledge, battle, sorcery, poetry, frenzy, and the runic alphabet, and is the husband of the goddess Frigg.
 In wider Germanic mythology and paganism, Odin was known in Old English as Wōden, in Old Saxon as Wōdan, and in Old High German as Wuotan or Wōtan, all stemming from the reconstructed Proto-Germanic theonym wōđanaz.
In Norse mythology, Fensalir (Old Norse "Fen Halls") is a location where the goddess Frigg dwells.
 Fensalir is attested in the "Poetic Edda", compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, and the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson.
 Scholars have proposed theories about the implications of the location, including that the location may have some connection to religious practices involving springs, bogs, or swamps in Norse paganism, and that it may be connected to the goddess Sága's watery location Sökkvabekkr.
In Norse mythology, Sága (] , possibly meaning "seeress") is a goddess associated with the wisdom Sökkvabekkr (] ; "sunken bank", "sunken bench", or "treasure bank").
 At Sökkvabekkr, Sága and the god Odin merrily drink as cool waves flow.
 Both Sága and Sökkvabekkr are attested in the "Poetic Edda", compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, and in the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson.
 Scholars have proposed theories about the implications of the goddess and her associated location, including that the location may be connected to the goddess Frigg's fen residence Fensalir and that Sága may be another name for "Frigg".
Marzanna (in Polish), Марена (in Russian), Morė (in Lithuanian), Morana (in Czech, Bulgarian, Slovene, Serbian, Bosnian, and Croatian), or Morena (in Slovak and Macedonian), Maslenitsa (in Russia) and also Mara (in Belarusian and Ukrainian), Maržena, Moréna, Mora or Marmora is a Baltic and Slavic goddess associated with seasonal rites based on the idea of death and rebirth of nature.
 She is an ancient goddess associated with winter's death and rebirth and dreams.
 In Slavic rites the death of the Goddess Marzanna at the end winter, becomes the rebirth of Spring of the Goddess Kostroma (Russian), Lada, Vesna representing the coming of Spring.
Frigg gas field is a natural gas field on Norwegian block 25/1 in the North Sea, on the boundary between the United Kingdom and Norway.
 The field is named after the goddess Frigg.
 King Olav V of Norway officially opened production on 8 May 1978.
 Production was closed on 26 October 2004.
 The field is situated 230 km northwest of Stavanger.
 Operator for the field was the French oil company Elf Aquitaine, which merged and changed name to Total S.A.
In Norse mythology, Hlín (Old Norse "protectress") is a goddess associated with the goddess Frigg.
 Hlín appears in a poem in the "Poetic Edda", compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson, and in kennings found in skaldic poetry.
 Hlín has been theorized as possibly another name for Frigg.
In Germanic mythology, Fulla (Old Norse, possibly "bountiful") or Volla (Old High German) is a goddess.
 In Norse mythology, Fulla is described as wearing a golden band and as tending to the ashen box and the footwear owned by the goddess Frigg, and, in addition, Frigg confides in Fulla her secrets.
 Fulla is attested in the "Poetic Edda", compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources; the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson; and in skaldic poetry.
 Volla is attested in the "Horse Cure" Merseburg Incantation, recorded anonymously in the 10th century in Old High German, in which she assists in healing the wounded foal of Phol and is referred to as Frigg's sister.
 Scholars have proposed theories about the implications of the goddess.
In Norse mythology, Eir (Old Norse "help, mercy") is a goddess and/or valkyrie associated with medical skill.
 Eir is attested in the "Poetic Edda", compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources; the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson; and in skaldic poetry, including a runic inscription from Bergen, Norway from around 1300.
 Scholars have theorized about whether these three sources refer to the same figure, and debate whether Eir may have been originally a healing goddess and/or a valkyrie.
 In addition, Eir has been theorized as a form of the goddess Frigg and has been compared to the Greek goddess Hygieia.
In Norse mythology, Nanna Nepsdóttir or simply Nanna is a goddess associated with the god Baldr.
 Accounts of Nanna vary greatly by source.
 In the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson, Nanna is the wife of Baldr and the couple produced a son, the god Forseti.
 After Baldr's death, Nanna dies of grief.
 Nanna is placed on Baldr's ship with his corpse and the two are set aflame and pushed out to sea.
 In Hel, Baldr and Nanna are united again.
 In an attempt to bring back Baldr from the dead, the god Hermóðr rides to Hel and, upon receiving the hope of resurrection from the being Hel, Nanna gives Hermóðr gifts to give to the goddess Frigg (a robe of linen), the goddess Fulla (a finger-ring), and others (unspecified).
 Nanna is frequently mentioned in the poetry of skalds and a Nanna, who may or may not be the same figure, is mentioned once in the "Poetic Edda", compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources.
In Norse mythology, Gná is a goddess who runs errands in other worlds for the goddess Frigg and rides the flying, sea-treading horse Hófvarpnir (Old Norse "he who throws his hoofs about", "hoof-thrower" or "hoof kicker").
 Gná and Hófvarpnir are attested in the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson.
 Scholarly theories have been proposed about Gná as a "goddess of fullness" and as potentially cognate to Fama from Roman mythology.
 Hófvarpnir and the eight-legged steed Sleipnir have been cited examples of transcendent horses in Norse mythology.
