Dimpho di Kopane (Sesotho for "Combined Talents") is a South African theatre cooperative.
 The company started in 2000 and currently has 32 members.
 It has risen to prominence in South Africa after a successful stage rendition of Bizet's "Carmen" which then went on to tour to the US, Australia, Canada, Turkey and the UK.
 Following this, the company made "U-Carmen eKhayelitsha", a Xhosa-medium opera set in the Cape Town township of Khayelitsha.
 This film won the Golden Bear for Best Film at the Berlin Film Festival of 2005.
 It was followed by the equally successful "Son of Man (film)", which premiered at the Sundance Festival.
Pierwsza miłość (English: "First Love") is a Polish soap opera set in Wrocław, Poland.
 It has been broadcast continually on television Polsat from November 4, 2004.
 It currently shows at 6:00 PM CET from Monday to Friday.
 Scenes from the show were taken and redubbed for a sketch in the British TV comedy "Time Trumpet", and later formed the basis of the Irish sitcom "Soupy Norman" on RTÉ.
Red Rock is an Irish television soap opera set in the fictional seaside town of Red Rock near Dublin.
 The series was first broadcast on TV3 on January 7, 2015, and is produced by Element Pictures and Company Pictures.
 The show is based around the town's local Garda Station, as well as the ongoing battles between two feuding families, the Kielys and the Hennessys, whose differences often involve them getting into trouble with the Gardaí.
 The series is filmed on location or in studios based at the old John Player Factory in Dublin.
 This includes an all inclusive Gardaí station, the Neptune Café and several home sets in the main warehouse.
 As Red Rock is set in a seaside town, Howth and Dún Laoghaire are often used for on-location shooting.
Kevin Moreton (born 19 January 1959) is an English actor, best known for his portrayal of Kevin Marsh in Coronation Street, the British prime-time soap opera set in the fictional town of Weatherfield, made by Granada Television (now ITV Studios).
 He was a popular British child actor during the 1970s and appeared in many roles.
Natoma is a 1911 opera with music by Victor Herbert, famous for his operettas, and libretto by Joseph D. Redding.
 It is a serious full-scale grand opera set in Santa Barbara, California in the "Spanish days" of 1820; the story and music are colored by "Indian" (Native American) and Spanish themes.
 It premiered in Philadelphia at the Metropolitan Opera House on February 25, 1911 and was later mounted at the New York Metropolitan Opera House on February 28, 1911.
Armand Castelmary, real name Comte Armand de Castan, born Toulouse 16 August 1834, died New York City 10 February 1897, was a French operatic bass.
 He created roles in three major premieres at the Paris Opera – Don Diego in "L'Africaine" by Meyerbeer (1865), the Monk in Verdi's "Don Carlos" (1867), and Horatio in Ambroise Thomas's "Hamlet" (1868).
 Castelmary also appeared at opera houses in England and the United States, and died onstage at the Metropolitan Opera House, New York, during a performance of "Martha" by Friedrich von Flotow.
Charles Phu (Traditional Chinese: 符傳禎; Russian: Чарльз Фу), is a London-based architectural designer and opera set designer.
 Countries and regions in which his design works are located include Europe, Russia, USA, China, India, Taiwan, and the Middle East.
 Phu is the founder and design director of the London-based design practice Office for Architectural Culture, as known as OAC.
 He is the creator of the CCK Presidential Memorial Library and Museum in Taipei, and the chief design architect of 'Okhta Centre', now known as Lakhta Centre, in Saint Petersburg.
Tolka Row is an Irish soap opera set in a fictional housing estate on the northside of Dublin.
 Based on Maura Laverty's play of the same name, "Tolka Row" was first broadcast on 3 January 1964 and aired weekly for five series until it ended on 31 May 1968.
The City, also known as Deep in the City, is a Canadian television drama series, created by Pierre Sarrazin and Suzette Couture, which aired on CTV from 1999 to 2000.
 A prime time soap opera set in Toronto, it starred Torri Higginson as Katharine Strachan Berg.
 Other cast members included John Ralston, Aidan Devine, Lorne Cardinal and Jody Racicot.
Emmerdale (known as Emmerdale Farm until 1989) is a long-running British soap opera set in Emmerdale (known as Beckindale until 1994), a fictional village in the Yorkshire Dales.
 Created by Kevin Laffan, "Emmerdale Farm" was first broadcast on 16 October 1972.
 Produced by ITV Yorkshire, it has been filmed at their Leeds studio since its inception.
 The programme has been broadcast in every ITV region.
