Warrel Dane (born March 7, 1969) is the lead singer of the American power metal band Sanctuary.
 He is also known as the former lead singer of currently inactive progressive metal band Nevermore.
 He is a natural baritone, though he was known for his high-pitched vocals with Serpent's Knight and on the first two Sanctuary albums.
 Later in his career, Dane became more notable for his distinctively deep, dramatic voice.
Roy Sætre Khantatat (born March 12, 1970), is a Norwegian singer-songwriter.
 Commonly known as Roy Khan or simply Khan, he was the lead vocalist for the symphonic power metal band Kamelot from 1997 to his departure in 2011.
 He co-wrote most of Kamelot's songs with the band's guitarist and founder Thomas Youngblood during his tenure.
 Prior to joining Kamelot, Khan was lead singer for the Norwegian progressive metal band Conception from 1991 until 1997 when they disbanded.
Dreaming Neon Black is the third full-length album released by Seattle progressive metal band Nevermore, and was released through Century Media in 1999.
 Unlike its predecessor, "The Politics of Ecstasy", this album is very emotional and contains many slower, ballad-type songs.
 It is also notable that "Dreaming Neon Black" is a concept album of sorts.
 According to Nevermore's lead singer, Warrel Dane, "it's a very simple story about a man who slowly goes insane after losing a woman that he was very close to.
 Progressive levels of insanity are expressed in the songs, he goes through phases of denial and self-blame, blaming God, then denouncing God.
 The ending is a little...tragic, a little depressing.
 Shakesperian.
 Everybody dies, it's all happy."
, which may be based on an event in the life of Dane.
 Supposedly, his old girlfriend left him when she joined a religious cult and was never heard from again, and he began having nightmares of her crying out to him as she drowned.
 This has been confirmed by Warrel himself in an older interview.
 The spoken word samples from the tracks "Ophidian" and "Forever" are from the Clive Barker movie, "Lord of Illusions".
Into The Mirror Live / Black Reflections is live promotional EP of the band Sanctuary recorded on May 12, 1990 at The Country Club in Reseda, California, during their "Into the Mirror Black" tour.
 Approximately 1000 CD copies of this were made and less than 500 were ever distributed to radio stations and record stores.
 Because of contractual problems with Epic Records, the full version was never released for public consumption.
 Epic Records destroyed 500+ copies of this CD.
 Warrel Dane has stated on several occasions that he has the master tapes and copyrights of the full show and intended to have it finally released.
 To date that has not happened.
 This CD has been heavily pirated over the years as a 2-on-1 CD with the Satan's Host "Metal From Hell" album on the notorious Reborn Classics record label.
Sanctuary is an American heavy metal band founded in Seattle in 1985.
 They split up in 1992, but reformed 18 years later.
 The band consists of Warrel Dane (vocals), Lenny Rutledge (guitar), Nick Cordle (guitar), George Hernandez (bass), and Dave Budbill (drums).
 To date, they have released four studio albums and one live EP.
Praises to the War Machine is the debut and only solo release/album by heavy metal vocalist Warrel Dane from Nevermore, released on April 25, 2008.
 The album was produced by Peter Wichers, who was tapped by Dane to work on the album while Wichers was still a member of Soilwork.
 After leaving that band in 2007, Wichers co-wrote the album with Dane and played on eight of its tracks.
 Soilwork drummer Dirk Verbeuren and former Himsa guitarist Matt Wicklund also played on the album.
 Nevermore guitarist Jeff Loomis and the band's touring guitarist at the time Chris Broderick make guest appearances, along with James Murphy, who had performed on the Nevermore album "This Godless Endeavor".
 "Praises to the War Machine" includes two cover songs, The Sisters of Mercy's "Lucretia My Reflection" and "Patterns" by Paul Simon.
 Dane had previously covered a Simon song on Nevermore's album "Dead Heart in a Dead World".
Peter Wichers is best known as one of the founding members of Swedish melodic death metal band, Soilwork.
 From 1995 until late 2005, when he announced his departure from the band, he was known as the lead guitarist and also a songwriter, especially on their "Stabbing the Drama" album., He rejoined Soilwork in 2008 and played on 2010s The Panic Broadcast and in June 2012 he quit Soilwork for the second time.
 After leaving Soilwork, he filled in for Adam Dutkiewicz when he was injured on Killswitch Engage's European tour.
 More recently, he has collaborated with singers from across the melodic death metal genre including Anders Fridén, former band mate Björn "Speed" Strid and John Bush (vocalist of Anthrax) to make a CD much in the same style as "Roadrunner United", entitled "Nuclear Blast All-Stars".
 He also co-wrote Warrel Dane's solo record "Praises to the War Machine".
Nevermore is the eponymous debut studio album by American heavy metal band Nevermore, released on February 14, 1995 by Century Media Records.
 It was singer Warrel Dane and bassist Jim Sheppard's first release after departing from their previous band, Sanctuary, in 1994.
 Having recruited drummer Van Williams and former Sanctuary touring guitarist Jeff Loomis, they formed the band Nevermore and began anew.
The Year Of The Voyager is a double DVD/CD released by Nevermore.
 It was released in Europe on October 20, 2008 and in North America on November 25, 2008 via Century Media.
 The set covers the "This Godless Endeavor" touring cycle, starting with live footage from the U.S. Gigantour 2005, the Metal Mania festival 2006 in Poland, the Wacken Open Air festival in 2006 in Germany and the main DVD show recorded at the Zeche in Bochum, Germany.
 Bonus material includes two songs from Century Media USA 10th Anniversary Party 2001, all promo videos and an interview with singer Warrel Dane which was recorded at the Roax Film Studios in Berlin in the spring of 2008.
Nevermore is an American progressive metal band from Seattle, Washington, United States.
 Formed in 1991, they are known to incorporate elements from various styles such as power metal, modern hard rock, classic heavy metal and technical thrash metal.
 The band has been on hiatus since 2011, due to personal issues between the band members.
 In April 2015, lead singer Warrel Dane confirmed that Nevermore has not disbanded, and there is a possibility for them to continue in the next two years with another album.
