Pierino colpisce ancora (also known as "Desirable Teacher 2") is a 1982 comedy film directed by Marino Girolami.
Believers is a 2007 thriller film directed by the award-winning filmmaker Daniel Myrick and written by Myrick, Julia Fair and Daniel Noah.
 The film was distributed by Warner Bros. as a straight-to-DVD release in the United States and elsewhere.
Solstice is a 2008 American horror film directed by Daniel Myrick and co-written by Myrick, Ethan Erwin and Martin Musatov.
 The film is a remake of the 2003 Swedish-Danish thriller "Midsommer".
Fugitive Lady, Italian: "La strada buia" , is a 1950 crime–drama film directed by Sidney Salkow and Marino Girolami (Uncredited).
 It stars Janis Paige, Binnie Barnes, and Massimo Serato.
 "Fugitive Lady" is based on the novel "Dark Road" by Doris Miles Disney.
 Film editing was done by Nino Baragli.
Pierino contro tutti (also known as "Desirable Teacher") is a 1981 comedy film directed by Marino Girolami.
 The main character of the film is , an Italian variation of Little Johnny.
 The film was a massive success at the Italian box office, and generated a brief series of sequels (in the main part non-official sequels) including a female version of Pierino, as well as a short lived subgenre of joke-films in which the plot basically consists in a series of jokes placed side by side.
A Special Cop in Action (originally titled Italia a mano armata) is a 1976 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Marino Girolami, here credited as Franco Martinelli.
 The film is the final chapter in the Girolami's trilogy about Commissioner Betti, after "Violent Rome" and "Violent Naples".
Marino Girolami (1 February 1914 – 20 February 1994) was an Italian film director who gained a cult following for his horror movies like "Zombie Holocaust".
 He was the father of the Italian filmmaker Enzo G. Castellari and the actor Ennio Girolami.
Rome: The Other Side of Violence (Italian: "Roma, l'altra faccia della violenza" ) is a 1976 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Marino Girolami (credited as Franco Martinelli) and starring Marcel Bozzuffi.
L'ira di Achille, internationally released as The Fury of Achilles, is a 1962 Italian historical drama set in the ninth year of the Trojan War and is based primarily on Homer's "Iliad".
 The film was directed by Marino Girolami and starred Gordon Mitchell as Achilles.
Violent Rome (originally titled Roma violenta, also known as "Violent City" and "Street Killers") is an Italian 1975 "poliziottesco" film directed by Marino Girolami, here credited as Franco Martinelli.
 It was released on VHS in the UK under the title Forced Impact.
 It obtained a great commercial success and launched the career of Maurizio Merli.
 The film has two sequels, "Violent Naples" and "A Special Cop in Action".
