The combined discography of Tunnel Rats, a West Coast underground Christian hip hop collective founded in 1993 in Whittier, California, three studio albums, a collaborative compilation album, several compilation appearances, one guest appearance, one music video, and a collection of unfinished material.
 Named after the tunnel rats in the Vietnam war, the mixed-gender, multi-racial collective comprises eighteen individual members and has incorporated six affiliated groups, LPG, Future Shock, Footsoldiers, Foundation, New Breed, and The Resistance, which have recorded both within Tunnel Rats and independently.
 The collective has released three albums under the Tunnel Rats name, "Experience", in 1996, "Tunnel Vision", in 2001, and "Tunnel Rats", in 2004.
 In 2006, several Tunnel Rats, working as Footsoldiers and production team Resistance, collaborated with KRS-One on his album "Life", and released a mixtape and a studio album, "Live This".
 Though currently on hiatus, Tunnel Rats has not disbanded, according to a statement by member Peace 586.
Tunnel Rats is a West Coast underground hip hop collective founded in 1993 in Whittier, California.
 Named after the tunnel rats in the Vietnam war, the mixed-gender, multi-racial collective consists of some seventeen individual members and incorporates four affiliated groups, LPG, Future Shock, Foundation, and New Breed, which have recorded both within Tunnel Rats and independently.
 Several members also formed two additional side-projects, Footsoldiers and The Resistance, which recorded one album in 2006 and collaborated with KRS-One.
 Pioneers in the Christian hip hop genre, Tunnel Rats often met with resistance from church leaders who disliked the collective's aggressive style and felt that Tunnel Rats praised their rapping skills more than glorifying God.
 In the early 2000s, the East Coast group The Cross Movement likewise criticized Tunnel Rats, claiming it did not place enough emphasis on the Gospel.
 Due to a high number of Mexicans in the collective, Tunnel Rats also encountered racism when performing in the South.
 Despite these hardships, Tunnel Rats managed to garner critical acclaim and significantly impacted the Christian hip hop movement.
 The collective has released four albums, plus numerous additional recordings from its affiliated groups and individual members.
 Though currently on hiatus, Tunnel Rats has not disbanded, according to a statement by member Peace 586.
Panda Bear is the self-titled debut solo album by the Baltimore musician Noah Lennox who later became a founding member of Animal Collective.
 The album was the first use of the Panda Bear moniker which he later continued to use while performing with group.
 It was released on June 1, 1999 shortly before his 21st birthday on the label Soccer Star Records.
 The label was formed by himself and fellow future Animal Collective member and childhood friend Deakin (Joshua Dibb) and was initially founded only to release this album.
 However the label eventually morphed into Animal and then the existing label Paw Tracks.
 This album marks the very first Animal Collective related release, apart from the EP, "Paddington Band", which was a recording by the Animal Collective precursor, Automine which featured all other members of the future group except for Lennox himself.
Experienced is a live CD and DVD set by Japanese electronica/rock duo Boom Boom Satellites.
 Released on February 23, 2011, the album consists of a recording of their performance at Chiba's Makuhari Messe, the last stop of their Japan Tour 2010 2nd Stage.
 The set list mainly features tracks from their 2010 studio album "To the Loveless".
 Mastering of the album was completed on January 6, 2011, as announced by the band's Twitter account.
The Collective were an Australian boy band consisting of members Trent Bell, Julian De Vizio, Zach Russell, Jayden Sierra and Will Singe.
 They were formed during the fourth season of "The X Factor Australia" in 2012 and finished in third place.
 The Collective subsequently signed with Sony Music Australia and released their debut single "Surrender", which debuted at number six on the ARIA Singles Chart.
 The group's self-titled album, "The Collective", was released in December 2012 and debuted at number 11 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
 The Collective disbanded in 2015 to pursue solo careers.
Messe I.X-VI.X is the ninth studio album by the Norwegian experimental collective Ulver and the Tromsø Chamber Orchestra with additional aid from composer Martin Romberg.
 Written and produced by Ulver, released on October 8, 2013, via Jester Records and Kscope.
 The album has been described as a "peace mass for Lebanon".
The Collective is the self-titled debut mini album by Australian boy band The Collective, released on 14 December 2012 by Sony Music Australia.
 After finishing third in the fourth season of "The X Factor" in 2012, The Collective began recording the album in Melbourne.
 The album contains their debut single "Surrender", recorded versions of six songs they performed on "The X Factor", and a cover of Wham!
's "Last Christmas".
 "The Collective" was preceded by the lead single "Surrender", which peaked at number six on the ARIA Singles Chart.
 Upon release, the album debuted at number 11 on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting shipments of 35,000 copies.
X is the fifth studio album by London-based grime music collective Roll Deep, it was released on 30 September 2012.
 The album was named X to represent the group's ten years within the music industry.
 Two singles have been released from the album, "Picture Perfect" and "Can't Wait for the Weekend".
Bankroll Mafia is an American hip hop collective from Atlanta, Georgia.
 The collective manifested in 2015, after southern rappers T.I.P., Young Thug and Shad da God began frequently and closely working together.
 Other Atlanta-based rappers also joined the collective, including Peewee Roscoe, Lil Duke and London Jae.
 In an interview with "Billboard", T.I.P. described the group's dynamic as "a collective that includes a lot of personal and professional constituents throughout the industry, in and out of our elements."
 The collective released their self-titled debut album in April 2016.
Rockin' the Rhein with the Grateful Dead is a Grateful Dead triple live album released in 2004.
 It was recorded April 24, 1972, at "Rheinhallen" (Halle Sechs der Messe Düsseldorf), in the German town of Düsseldorf, during the band's famous European tour of 1972.
 The complete concert is included, but the order of the tracks on the CD was altered to fit the show on three discs, while preserving groups of segued tracks.
