The Supreme Life Building is a historic insurance building located at 3501 S. Dr. Martin Luther King Drive in the Douglas community area of Chicago, Illinois.
 Built in 1921, the building served as the headquarters of the Supreme Life Insurance Company, which was founded two years earlier.
 The company, originally known as the Liberty Life Insurance Company, was the first African-American owned insurance company in the northern United States.
 Since white-owned insurance firms regularly denied black customers life insurance when the firm was founded, the firm played an important role in providing life insurance to Chicago's African-American community.
 The company ultimately became the largest African-American owned business in the northern states and became a symbol of the predominantly black Bronzeville neighborhood's economic success from the 1920s to the 1950s.
Protective Life Corporation is a financial service holding company in Birmingham, Alabama.
 The company’s primary subsidiary, Protective Life Insurance Company, was established in 1907 and now markets its products and services in all 50 states.
 As of December 31, 2016, the corporation had more than 2,700 employees, annual revenues of $4.48 billion and assets of $75 billion.
 In addition to Protective Life Insurance Company, Protective Life Corporation's subsidiaries include West Coast Life Insurance Company, MONY Life Insurance Company, Protective Life And Annuity Insurance Company, ProEquities Inc./Protective Securities, and Lyndon Property Insurance Company.
The Flatiron Building, originally the Fuller Building, is a triangular 22-story steel-framed landmarked building located at 175 Fifth Avenue in the borough of Manhattan, New York City, and is considered to be a groundbreaking skyscraper.
 Upon completion in 1902, it was one of the tallest buildings in the city at 20 floors high and one of only two skyscrapers north of 14th Street – the other being the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower, one block east.
 The building sits on a triangular block formed by Fifth Avenue, Broadway, and East 22nd Street, with 23rd Street grazing the triangle's northern (uptown) peak.
 As with numerous other wedge-shaped buildings, the name "Flatiron" derives from its resemblance to a cast-iron clothes iron.
The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower, colloquially known as the Met Life Tower, is a landmark skyscraper located on Madison Avenue near the intersection with East 23rd Street, across from Madison Square Park in Manhattan, New York City.
 Designed by the architectural firm of Napoleon LeBrun & Sons and built by the Hedden Construction Company, the tower is modeled after the Campanile in Venice, Italy.
 The hotel located in the clock tower portion of the building has the address 5 Madison Avenue, while the office building covering the rest of the block, occupied primarily by Credit Suisse, is referred to as 1 Madison Avenue.
15 Hudson Yards is a residential building currently under construction on Manhattan's West Side.
 Located in Chelsea near Hell's Kitchen Penn Station area, the building is a part of the Hudson Yards project, a plan to redevelop the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's West Side Yards.
 The tower started construction on December 4, 2014.
The Metropolitan Life North Building, now known as Eleven Madison, is a 30-story art deco skyscraper on Madison Square Park in Manhattan, New York City, at 11-25 Madison Avenue.
 The building is bordered by East 24th Street, Madison Avenue, East 25th Street and Park Avenue South, and is connected by an elevated walkway to the Met Life Tower just south of it.
 The North Building was built on the site of Richard Upjohn's original Madison Square Presbyterian Church.
 The second church, designed by Stanford White of McKim, Mead and White was built in 1906, across 24th street on land conveyed by Metropolitan Life.
 As part of the Metropolitan Life Home Office Complex, the North Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 19, 1996.
Some of the finest buildings in New Jersey, New York City, and other large eastern cities were built by the Hedden Construction Company, one of the largest construction companies operating in Newark in the very early 1900s.
 Among the most notable is the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower located at One Madison Avenue in New York, NY.
 The tower was the world's tallest building from 1909 to 1913 and home to the Hedden Construction Company's main offices located on the 36th and 37th floors.
 During this prosperous period over $40,000,000 in construction contracts and payments were collected by the firm.
Physicians Mutual is a privately held insurance company headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska, United States, that consists of Physicians Mutual Insurance Company and Physicians Life Insurance Company.
 Founded as Physicians Mutual Insurance Company in 1902 by Edwin E. Elliott, Physicians Mutual began by selling health insurance to medical professionals.
 Policies were offered to the general public starting in 1962, and by 1970 the company expanded into life insurance when it founded Physicians Life Insurance Company.
 Today the company offers a variety of insurance products, annuities, Medicare, Medigap, Medicare Supplement, Term Life Insurance, Whole Life Insurance, Cancer and funeral pre-planning services.
 It holds over US$3 billion in assets and employs over one thousand people.
 Robert A. Reed is chief executive officer and president.
The Lyceum Theatre was a theatre in New York City located on Fourth Avenue, now Park Avenue South, between 23rd and 24th Streets in Manhattan.
 It was built in 1885 and operated until 1902, when it was torn down to make way for the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower.
 It was replaced by a new Lyceum Theatre on 45th Street.
 For most of its existence, the theatre was home to Daniel Frohman’s Lyceum Theatre Stock Company, which presented many important plays and actors of the day.
Napoleon Eugene Charles Henry LeBrun (January 2, 1821 – July 9, 1901) was an American architect known for several notable Philadelphia churches, in particular St. Augustine's Church on Fourth Street and the Cathedral-Basilica of Sts.
 Peter and Paul on Logan Square.
 He also designed the Academy of Music at Broad and Locust Streets.
 LeBrun later moved to New York City, where he established the firm Napoleon LeBrun & Sons, which designed numerous notable buildings.
