The Journal of Business & Securities Law is a student-edited law journal covering the areas of business and securities law and is an official journal of the Michigan State University College of Law.
 The Journal publishes articles on topics including corporate litigation, commercial transactions, employment, e-commerce, securities regulation, and any other topic focusing on the intersection of law and business.
 The Journal is the sole outlet for the transcription and publication of the annual Midwest Securities Law Institute held at the Michigan State University College of Law.
 It is also the national host of the annual Elliot A. Spoon Business Law Writing Competition.
 The Journal has a staff of approximately 25 law students and is headed by a board consisting of an editor-in-chief, executive editor, two managing editors of publication, and a managing editor of articles.
 The Journal has been cited in various state and federal court decisions around the United States.
The Journal of Environmental Economics and Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal of environmental economics published six times per year.
 It was the official journal of the Association of Environmental and Resource Economists until 2014 and publishes theoretical and empirical papers concerned with the linkage between economic systems and environmental and natural resources.
 When it was the official journal of the Association of Environmental and Resource Economists, the journal was generally regarded as the top journal in natural resources and environmental economics.
 The current editor-in-chief is Till Requate (Kiel University).
 Previous editors include Daniel J. Phaneuf, Joseph Herriges, and Charles F. Mason.
Life Sciences in Space Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering astrobiology, origins of life, life in extreme environments, habitability, effects of spaceflight on the human body, radiation risks, and other aspects of life sciences relevant in space research.
 It was established in 2014 and is published by Elsevier.
 It is an official journal of the Committee on Space Research (COSPAR), publishing papers in the areas that were previously covered by the Life Sciences section of "Advances in Space Research", another official journal of COSPAR.
 The Editor-in-chief is Tom Hei (Columbia University Medical Center).
The Official Journal of the European Patent Office (OJ EPO) is a monthly trilingual publication of the European Patent Office (EPO).
 It contains "notices and information of a general character issued by the President of the European Patent Office, as well as any other information relevant to [the European Patent Convention (EPC)] or its implementation".
 The "Official Journal" is published in German, English and French, the three official languages of the EPO.
 The three texts coexist in the same issue of the journal.
 The journal is published on the last day of the month.
Folia Primatologica is an international peer-reviewed journal focusing on primatology, the study of monkeys, apes, lemurs, and other primates.
 It is the official journal of the European Federation for Primatology, and official journal of the Primate Society of Great Britain.
 Founded in 1963, the journal covers diverse areas of primatology, including molecular biology, social behaviour, ecology, conservation, palaeontology, systematics and functional anatomy.
 "Folia Primatologica" is published six times per year.
 As of 2013 the editor is Robin H. Crompton at the University of Liverpool.
 The journal is indexed with PubMed, Medline.
The Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering nutrition science as it relates to humans.
 It was founded in 1982 as Human Nutrition.
 Applied Nutrition, which was one of two journals that superseded the "Journal of Human Nutrition".
 In 1988, "Human Nutrition.
 Applied Nutrition" and "Human Nutrition: Clinical Nutrition" were combined into the "European Journal of Clinical Nutrition", at which point the "Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics" was founded as its own journal.
 It is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the British Dietetic Association, of which it is the official journal.
 The editor-in-chief is Simon Langley-Evans (University of Nottingham).
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 2.583, ranking it 35th out of 80 journals in the category "Nutrition & Dietetics".
HIV Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering HIV/AIDS research.
 It was established in 1999 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British HIV Association, of which it is the official journal.
 It is also the official journal of the European AIDS Clinical Society and the Australasian Society for HIV Medicine.
 The editors-in-chief are Brian Gazzard (Chelsea and Westminster Hospital) and Jens Lundgren (University of Copenhagen).
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 3.988, ranking it 18th out of 78 journals in the category "Infectious Diseases".
The Journal of Investigative Medicine, also abbreviated JIM, is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of biomedicine.
 It was established in 1995 and is published eight times per year by BMJ Publishing Group on behalf of the American Federation for Medical Research, of which it is the official journal.
 The editor-in-chief is Michael J. McPhaul (Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute).
 According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 2.085.
Jim Rasenberger is an American writer, born in Washington, D.C. and living in New York City.
 He has published three books, and contributed to many publications, especially the "New York Times", "Vanity Fair," and "Smithsonian".
The Asian Pacific Journal of Cancer Prevention is a biweekly peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering oncology.
 It was established in 2000 and is published by the Asian Pacific Organization for Cancer Prevention, of which it is the official journal.
 It is also the official journal of the International Association of Cancer Registries.
 The editor-in-chief is Alireza Mosavi Jarrahi (Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran).
