A whirligig is an object that spins or whirls, or has at least one part that spins or whirls.
 Whirligigs are also known as pinwheels, buzzers, comic weathervanes, gee-haws, spinners, whirlygigs, whirlijig, whirlyjig, whirlybird, or plain whirly.
 Whirligigs are most commonly powered by the wind but can be hand, friction, or motor powered.
 They can be used as a kinetic garden ornament.
 They can be designed to transmit sound and vibration into the ground to repel burrowing rodents in yards, gardens, and backyards.
Wind chimes are a type of percussion instrument constructed from suspended tubes, rods, bells or other objects that are often made of metal or wood.
 The tubes or rods are suspended along with some type of weight or surface which the tubes or rods can strike when they or another wind-catching surface are blown by the natural movement of air outside.
 They are usually hung outside of a building or residence as a visual and aural garden ornament.
 Since the percussion instruments are struck according to the random effects of the wind blowing the chimes, wind chimes have been considered an example of chance-based music.
 The tubes or rods may sound either indistinct pitches, or fairly distinct pitches.
 Wind chimes that sound fairly distinct pitches can, through the chance movement of air, create simple melodies or broken chords.
A bird bath is an artificial puddle or small shallow pond, created with a water-filled basin, in which birds may drink, bathe, and cool themselves.
 A bird bath can be a garden ornament, small reflecting pool, outdoor sculpture, and part of creating a vital wildlife garden.
The Borghese Vase is a monumental bell-shaped krater sculpted in Athens from Pentelic marble in the second half of the 1st century BC as a garden ornament for the Roman market; it is now in the Louvre Museum.
The Medici Vase is a monumental marble bell-shaped krater sculpted in Athens in the second half of the 1st century AD as a garden ornament for the Roman market.
 It is now in the Uffizi Gallery in Florence.
The Waterloo Vase is a great urn, 15ft (5m) high and weighing 20 tons, fashioned from a single piece of Carrara marble.
 Since 1906, it has been used as a garden ornament in the garden of Buckingham Palace, London.
A Garden ornament is an item used for garden, landscape, and park enhancement and decoration.
<br>
Achalla is the capital of Awka North, a Local Government Area in Anambra State, south-central Nigeria.
 It comprises eight villages: Umudiani, Amukabia, Odawa, Umuogbe, Umunagu, Umuezede, Udezu and Amadim.
 Achalla's current Monarch is HRH Igwe Alex Nwokedi(OON).
 However, the traditional monarchical heritage of Achalla is linked to the MUOLOKWU dynasty in ODAWA village.
 Historically, Achalla is said to have migrated from Arochukwu kingdom in present-day Abia state.
 In early ages, some Achalla people is also believed to have emigrated to form a community known to this day as Achalla-ibuzo in present Delta state.
 Some of its prominent sons include the current King, Igwe Alex Nwokedi who was a former chief press secretary to former head of State, General Olusegun Obasanjo, and also a retired Nigeria Custom Service boss, Comptroller Edwin U. Achum(retired) who was a philanthropist and known as the "Ozumba 1" of Achalla, and whose residence was once used as the secretariat of the local government until the government was able to build a permanent place to serve as the local government secretariat.
The Abbotsford Club was a text publication society founded in Edinburgh in 1833 or 1834.
 This was the year after the death of Sir Walter Scott, whose residence of Abbotsford House gave the society its name, and whose literature the club's publications sought to illuminate.
 The club was modelled on the Roxburghe Club, of which Scott himself had been a member, as well as the Bannatyne Club, which was founded by Scott, and the Glasgow-centred Maitland Club.
 The founder and first secretary of the club was William Barclay Turnbull, a young Edinburgh lawyer.
 The stated objective of the Abbotsford Club was "the printing of Miscellaneous Pieces, illustrative of History, Literature, and Antiquities."
 Through its publishing activity, the club did much to promote the proliferation of Middle English literature.
 The Abbotsford Club effectively ceased publication in 1866.
A suikinkutsu (水琴窟 , literally "water koto cave") is a type of Japanese garden ornament and music device.
 It consists of an upside down buried pot with a hole at the top.
 Water drips through the hole at the top onto a small pool of water inside of the pot, creating a pleasant splashing sound that rings inside of the pot similar to a bell or a Japanese zither called koto.
 It is usually built next to a traditional Japanese stone basin called "chōzubachi", part of a "tsukubai" for washing hands before the Japanese tea ceremony.
