Renée Rienne (real name Renée Goursaud, alias "Le Corbeau", "The Raven") is a fictional character in the spy-fi television series "Alias".
 Played by Élodie Bouchez, she was introduced as a new character for the fifth season.
 Bouchez appears in the opening credit sequence during the first half of the fifth season; beginning with "S.O.S." Bouchez and her character were removed from the opening and listed as a special guest star.
Cannabis in Serbia is illegal.
 Possession is punishable by a fine or by imprisonment of up to 3 years.
 Sale and transport are punishable by imprisonment from 3 to 12 years.
 Cultivation is punishable by imprisonment from 6 months to 5 years.
 Higher penalties for organized crime.
Vaclav was born in Prague and graduated from .
 His short documentary "Paní Le Murie" ("Madame Le Murie") of 1993 was nominated for FAMU's Student Academy Award and won a prize for best documentary at the Internationales Festival der Filmhochschulen (Filmschoolfest) in Munich.
 Vaclav´s first feature film, "Marian" (1996) won the Silver Leopard and FIPRESCI Award at the Locarno International Film Festival and other prizes at film festivals in Angers, Thessaloniki, Belfort, Cottbus, Bratislava and Tehran.
 His second feature, "Paralelní světy" ("Parallel Worlds") of 2001 was written in collaboration with the French screenwriter Marie Desplechin and selected for presentation at the San Sebastián International Film Festival.
By Dutch law, moord ("murder") is the intentional and premeditated killing of another person.
 Murder is punishable by a maximum sentence of life imprisonment, which is the longest prison sentence the law allows.
 A common misconception is that the maximum sentence is 30 years (20 until 2006): this is the longest sentence that can be imposed other than life imprisonment.
 Intentionally killing another person without premeditation is called "doodslag" (manslaughter) and carries a maximum sentence of fifteen years imprisonment or life imprisonment when committed in aggravated circumstances or as an act of terrorism.
François Guillemin (born 1954), known professionally as le Corbeau, is an artist whose decorative arts career began at age 14.
 His works have encompassed jewelry, sculpture, public art, and studio furniture.
Galerie des Modes et Costumes Français is a series of fashion and costume plates that was distributed in Paris from 1778 to 1787, during the reign of King Louis XVI of France and Marie Antoinette.
 The first collected volume, which was produced in 1779, had a title page which bore an allegorical illustration as well as the full title of the collection: Gallerie des modes et des costumes français dessinés d'après nature, Gravés par le plus Célèbres Artistes en ce genre, et colorés avec le plus grand soin par Madame Le Beau.
 Ouvrage commence en l'année 1778.
 A Paris, chez le Srs Esnauts et Rapilly rue St. Jacques à la Ville de coutances.
 Avec priv.
 Du Roi ("Gallery of French fashions and costumes, drawn from life, engraved by the most celebrated artists in this medium, and hand-colored with the greatest care by Madame Le Beau;publication begun in 1778.
 Paris, Messrs. Esnauts and Rapilly, rue Satin-Jacques, at the sign of the City of Countances.
 Licensed by the King").
 Importantly, this lengthier epithet indicates that the engravings of the "Galerie" (or "Gallerie", according to eighteenth-century spelling) were created "d'après nature," or "after nature," meaning that they were intended to represent what was actually worn in the streets of Paris during the latter part of the eighteenth century.
Le Corbeau ("The Raven") is a 1943 French film directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot and starring Pierre Fresnay, Micheline Francey and Pierre Larquey.
 The film is about a French town where a number of citizens receive anonymous letters containing libelous information, particularly targeting an abortion doctor.
 The mystery surrounding the letters eventually escalates into violence.
Louis Chavance (1907–1979) was a French screenwriter.
 He also worked occasionally as a film editor and assistant director.
 He is best known for his screenplay for "Le Corbeau" which he first wrote in 1933 although the film was not made for another decade.
The Forest Giant (French: "Le Gigantesque") is a novel written by Adrien Le Corbeau, one of the pseudonyms of Romanian-born author Rudolf Bernhardt (1886–1932).
 An English translation was made in 1923 by T. E. Lawrence, but both French and English versions have since fallen into obscurity.
The 13th Letter is a 1951 American film noir drama film directed by Otto Preminger.
 The film is a remake of the French film "Le Corbeau" ("The Raven", 1943) directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot.
