The Cash-Landrum Incident was a highly reported unidentified flying object sighting from the United States in 1980, which witnesses insist was responsible for damage to their health.
 It is one of very few UFO cases to result in civil court proceedings.
An unidentified submerged object or USO is an unidentified object submerged in water.
 The term is not necessarily paranormal.
The 1976 Tehran UFO Incident was a radar and visual sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) over Tehran, the capital of Iran, during the early morning hours of 19 September 1976.
 During the incident, two F-4 Phantom II jet interceptors reported losing instrumentation and communications as they approached the object.
 These were restored upon withdrawal.
"Right Said Fred" is a novelty song written by Ted Dicks, and Myles Rudge, famously recorded as a single by Bernard Cribbins in 1962.
 It reached number 10 in the UK Singles Chart.
 It is about three men (the narrator, "Fred", and "Charlie") working as manual labourers who are trying to move an unidentified object (although it is clarified that it has feet, a seat, handles and candleholders) in a building without success, eventually failing and giving up after having dismantled said object, part-demolished the building (including removing a door, wall and the ceiling) and taking numerous tea breaks.
 The lyrics do not specify whether Fred recovers from "half a ton of rubble falling on his dome" prior to the others having a final teabreak and going home.
The Kenneth Arnold UFO sighting occurred on June 24, 1947, when private pilot Kenneth Arnold claimed that he saw a string of nine, shiny unidentified flying objects flying past Mount Rainier at speeds that Arnold estimated at a minimum of 1,200 miles an hour (1,932 km/hr).
 This was the first post-War sighting in the United States that garnered nationwide news coverage and is credited with being the first of the modern era of UFO sightings, including numerous reported sightings over the next two to three weeks.
 Arnold's description of the objects also led to the press quickly coining the terms "flying saucer" and "flying disc" as popular descriptive terms for UFOs.
BG Geminorum is an eclipsing binary star system in the constellation Gemini.
 It consists of a K0 supergiant with a more massive but unseen companion.
 The companion is likely to be either a black hole or class B star.
 Material from the K0 star is being transferred to an accretion disk surrounding the unidentified object.
The McMinnville UFO photographs were taken on a farm near McMinnville, Oregon, United States, in 1950.
 The photos were reprinted in "Life" magazine and in newspapers across the nation, and are often considered to be among the most famous ever taken of a UFO.
 Most UFO skeptics have concluded that the photos are a hoax, but many ufologists continue to argue that the photos are genuine, and show an unidentified object in the sky.
World UFO Day is an awareness day for people to gather together and watch the skies for unidentified flying objects.
 The day is celebrated by some on June 24, and others on July 2.
 June 24 is the date that aviator Kenneth Arnold reported what is generally considered to be the first widely reported unidentified flying object sighting in the United States, while July 2 commemorates the supposed UFO crash in the 1947 Roswell UFO Incident.
The Nash-Fortenberry UFO sighting was an unidentified flying object sighting that occurred on July 14, 1952, when two commercial pilots (William B. Nash and William H. Fortenberry) claimed to have seen eight UFOs flying in a tight echelon formation over Chesapeake Bay in the state of Virginia.
Kenneth A. Arnold (March 29, 1915 – January 16, 1984) was an American aviator and businessman.
 He is best known for making what is generally considered the first widely reported unidentified flying object sighting in the United States, after claiming to have seen nine unusual objects flying in tandem near Mount Rainier, Washington on June 24, 1947.
