Cachoeirinha (lit.
 "Little Waterfall") is a city situated in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul.
 Cachoeirinha is an alternative for the people who want to be near Porto Alegre (capital of Rio Grande do Sul).
 The city is situated at a strategic point in Rio Grande do Sul state.
 The city shares borders with Porto Alegre, Canoas, Esteio, Sapucaia do Sul, Gravataí and Alvorada.
 The city holiday is on May 15, the date on which the city declared its emancipation.
Blansko (] ; German: "Blanz" ) is a town in Blansko District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Blansko is the biggest town in Blansko District to which it lends its name.
 Blansko is situated in the valley of the river Svitava.
 The centre of Blansko is 276 metres above sea level, with the majority of the city situated on a slope above the left bank of the Svitava.
 Blansko currently occupies an area of 18.29 km² and has approximately 20,800 inhabitants as of 2015 .
 The town is notable for the proximity of the Moravian Karst.
Rancho Cucamonga is a suburban city situated at the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains in San Bernardino County, California.
 It is located 37 mi east of Downtown Los Angeles.
 The city had a population of 165,269 in 2010 and an estimated population of 174,305 in 2014.
 The city experiences an average of 287 sunny days per year, compared to a national average of 205 days.
 Its climate is classified as warm Mediterranean, or "Csa", under the Köppen climate classification system.
 The city's seal, which centers on a cluster of grapes, alludes to the city's agricultural history and intimate connections to wine-making.
Lansing is a city situated along the Missouri River in the eastern part of Leavenworth County, located in northeast Kansas, in the Central United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the city population was 11,265.
 It is the second most populous city of Leavenworth County and is a part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Shreekhandpur (Nepal Bhasa: खम्पू) is a city situated in the Dhulikhel municipality in Kavrepalanchowk district in Nepal.
This historical town is about 28 km east from Kathmandu.
 The city is located roughly at 1400m above sea level.
 The main attraction of Shreekhandpur is the temple of Swet Bhairav, located approximately 1 km northeast of the town.
 The name Shreekhandpur was originally given due to the presence of the tree Shreekhand.
 Its name during the Licchavi period was खम्पू which is still used predominantly by the Newar community living in this town.
Kellyville Ridge is a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
 Kellyville Ridge is located 41 kilometres north-west of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of City of Blacktown.
 It is part of Greater Western Sydney.
Witbank is a city situated on the Highveld of Mpumalanga, South Africa, within the eMalahleni Local Municipality.
 The name Witbank is Afrikaans for "White Ridge" and is named after a white sandstone outcrop where wagon transport drivers rested.
 The city is known for the coal-mining in the surrounding region.
The Indian city of Thiruvananthapuram is located in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala.
 The city is located at on the west coast, near the southern tip of mainland India.
 The city situated on the west coast of India, and is bounded by Arabian Sea to its west and the Western Ghats to its east.
 The city and the suburbs spans an area of 250 km2 .
 The average elevation of the city is 16 ft above sea level.
 The highest point within the city limits is the observatory.
 (60 m ) Agastya Mala, which has an elevation of 1868 m is only about 60 km from the city.
 The Ponmudi hill station which has an elevation of 1100 m is also near the city.
Halkarni is a city situated in the south west corner of Maharashtra, TK: Gadhinglaj Taluka, Kolhapur district - 416506, India.
 The population of Halkarni is around 9,000.
 It is surrounded by hills.The distance between Gadhinglaj and Halkarni is about 36 km.
 Buggdikatti and Terani are villages surrounding it .
 A police station is situated in the village for the security of people.
 There are number of private hospitals and medicals are available in the village.
 A government hospital was built.
 Water is supplied to the whole village through a well in NAREWADI village through a pipeline.
 Farming is the main occupation of the villagers.
 They have a side business of selling milk cow or buffalo to the milk dairies.
 A Maharashtra state electricity board (MSEB) substation is installed outside the village.
 Halkarni is connected to Gadahinglaj via state transport buses (ST buses).
 Halkarni is also connected to Karnataka via Khanapur through Karnataka state transport buses .
 The route of entering in Karnataka from Maharashra is HALKARNI TO SANKESHWAR.
Orosháza is a city situated in the westernmost part of Békés county, Hungary, on the Békés ridge bordered by the rivers Maros and Körös.
 Orosháza is an important cultural, educational and recreational centre of the region.
 Its main attractions are the Szántó Kovács János Museum, the Darvas József Literary Memorial House and the Town Art Gallery.
