A Talk is the third extended play by South Korean singer Hyuna.
 The EP consists of five tracks and incorporates Trap, Hip-Hop and R&B music genres.
 It was released for digital download by Cube Entertainment and Universal Music on July 28, 2014.
 The physical album was released a day later on July 29.
 To promote the EP, Hyuna appeared on several South Korean music programs, including "Music Bank", "Show!
 Music Core" and "Inkigayo".
 "Red" was released as the title track for the EP.
Lee Ki-seop (Korean: 이기섭 ; born January 17, 1991), commonly known as Kiseop, is a South Korean singer, dancer, actor and model.
 He is best known for being a member of South Korean boy group U-KISS formed by NH Media in 2008.
 He joined U-KISS in November 2009.
"I" is a Korean song recorded by South Korean singer Kim Tae-yeon (better known by her mononym Taeyeon) featuring Verbal Jint, taken from Taeyeon's debut EP of the same name.
 It was written by herself, Mafly, and Verbal Jint, and produced by Myah Marie Langston, Bennett Armstrong, Justin T. Armstrong, Cosmopolitan Douglas, David Quinones, Jon Asher, and Ryan S. Jhun.
 It was released digitally on October 7, 2015 in conjunction with the release of the EP, and was released on Korean Broadcasting System's "K-Pop Connection" radio on October 9.
Lee Jai-jin (Korean:이재진, born July 13, 1979) is a South Korean singer and dancer.
 Jai-jin is the sub rapper and main dancer of the South Korean boy group SechsKies, and served as the group's choreographer.
 SechsKies disbanded in 2000 but made a long-awaited reunion on 'ToToGa 2' special of 'Infinite Challenge' and signed with YG Entertainment in 2016.
Dong Young-bae (; born 18 May 1988), better known by his stage name Taeyang (meaning "sun" in Korean) and SOL (when performing in Japan), is a South Korean singer, songwriter and dancer.
 After appearing in Jinusean's music video "A-yo," Taeyang began training under YG Entertainment at the age of 12.
 Six years later, he made his debut in 2006 as a member of the South Korean boy band Big Bang.
 While the quintet's debut was met with lukewarm receptions, their follow-ups cemented their popularity, becoming one of the best-selling digital group of all-time in Asia and one of the best-selling boy bands in the world.
Sunmin (Hangul: 선민, "Katakana": ソンミン, born August 4, 1987) is a South Korean singer who speaks and sings in Korean, Japanese, and English.
 She debuted in 2006, with the single "Keep Holding You," a collaboration with the Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota.
 Her career was initially focused on the Japanese market, but her work became focused in South Korea from 2009 to 2010.
 She also contributed to original soundtracks of South Korean television series "Master of Study" and "Gloria (2010 TV series)".
 In 2010 to 2011, she was in the main South Korean musical production of "Jekyll & Hyde" as Lucy.
 In 2012 to 2013, she reprised her role as Lucy in the South Korean national tour.
 In spring 2013, Sunmin played Josephine in the South Korean production of "Arsène Lupin", the musical.
"Bubble Pop!"
 is a song recorded by South Korean singer Hyuna for her first extended play "Bubble Pop!
" (2011).
 It was released as the title track from the EP by Cube Entertainment and Universal Music on July 5, 2011.
 The lyrics were written by Shinsadong Tiger and Choi Kyusung, who also composed the music.
 In order to promote the song and EP, Hyuna appeared on several South Korean music programs, including "Music Bank", "Show!
 Music Core" and "Inkigayo".
 A music video for the song was released on July 4 and has surpassed the 100 million views on YouTube, making her the first female Korean solo artist to do it.
"Babe" (Hangul: 베베; RR: bebe; stylized as "BABE") is a song recorded by South Korean singer and rapper Hyuna for her sixth extended play, "Following" (2017).
 It was written by Hyuna, Shinsadong Tiger and Beom X Nang, and produced by the latter two.
 The song was released as the EP title track on August 29, 2017.
 The singer performed the song in several South Korean music programs, including Music Bank and Inkigayo.
Talk About S (stylized as Talk about S.) is the second solo extended play (EP) by South Korean singer and actress Gain.
 It was released on October 5, 2012, and distributed by LOEN Entertainment.
 The album is a contrast to her solo debut EP due to its delightful and brighter sound, "more varied palette" yet still intacts "the pervasive seductiveness" which was first introduced in "Step 2/4" (2010).
 As executive producer, Jo Yeong-Cheol and enlisted collaborators such as KZ and Yoon Jong-shin to create the EP, featuring a total of five tracks.
A+ is the fourth extended play by South Korean singer Hyuna.
 The EP consists of five tracks and incoporates Pop and Hip-Hop music genres.
 It was released for digital download by Cube Entertainment and Universal Music on August 21, 2015.
 The physical album was released three days later on August 24.
 To promote the EP, Hyuna appeared on several South Korean music programs, including "Music Bank", "Show!
 Music Core" and "Inkigayo".
 "Roll Deep" was released at the title track for the EP.
