Flora Perini (20 November 1887 – September 1975) was an Italian operatic mezzo-soprano who had a prominent opera career in Europe, South America, and the United States during the first half of the twentieth century.
 She sang a wide repertoire that encompassed works by verisimo composers like Mascagni, bel canto composers like Rossini and Bellini, the Italian grand operas of Verdi, the German operas of Strauss and Wagner, and the Russian operas of Rimsky-Korsakov.
 She sang in numerous premieres throughout her career, including creating the role of the Princess in the original 1918 production of Puccini's "Suor Angelica".
Rita Fornia (17 July 1878 – 27 October 1922) was an American opera singer.
 She began her career in Europe at the beginning of the 20th century singing coloratura soprano roles.
 Early on in her career her voice darkened and dropped slightly causing her to focus more within the mezzo-soprano repertoire while still singing some soprano roles.
 She joined the Metropolitan Opera company in 1907 where she performed regularly in mostly supporting roles until her retirement in 1922.
 She is best remembered today for portraying the role of the Abbess in the original production of Puccini's "Suor Angelica" in 1918.
Jane Henschel (born 2 March 1952) is an American operatic mezzo soprano.
 Henschel, who was born in Wisconsin, studied at the University of Southern California, and then pursued further studies in Germany, where she has made her home.
 Her numerous opera appearances include Baba the Turk in Igor Stravinsky's "The Rake’s Progress" with Glyndebourne Festival Opera, the Saito Kinen Festival Matsumoto, and the Salzburg festival; Brangäne in Richard Wagner’s "Die Walküre" with Paris Opéra and the Los Angeles Opera; the Principessa in Giacomo Puccini’s "Suor Angelica" with conductor Riccardo Chailly and the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra; Blanche de la Force in Francis Poulenc’s "Dialogues des Carmélites" in Amsterdam; Kostelnicka Buryjovka in Leoš Janáček’s "Jenůfa" under Seiji Ozawa in Japan; and the Kabanicka in Janáček’s "Katya Kabanova" at the Salzburg Festival among others.
Anna Nechaeva is Russian soprano singer who was born in Saratov and used attend its Conservatory in 1996.
 Later she was offered to perform the role of "Tatiana" in "Eugene Onegin" at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory and by 2003 became a soloist at the Saint Petersburg Opera where she continued her original role as well as other title roles in Giacomo Puccini's "Gianni Schicchi", Madama Butterfly, and "Suor Angelica".
 From 2008 to 2011 she became a soloist at the Mikhaylovsky Theatre where she performed roles of "Nedda" in "Pagliacci" and "Rachel" in "The Jews" as well as the title roles of "Rusalka" and of course "Tatiana" in "Eugene Onegin".
 In 2012, she made her first public appearance with Bolshoi Theatre where she sang in "The Enchantress" portraying "Nastasya" becoming soloist there the same year.
 After her debut, she performed such roles as "Iolanta" in an opera of the same name as well as "Liu" in "Turandot" and "Yaroslavna" in "Prince Igor".
Giovacchino Forzano (] ; 19 November 1884 – 28 October 1970) was an Italian playwright, librettist, stage director, and film director.
 A resourceful writer, he authored numerous popular plays and produced opera librettos for most of the major Italian composers of the early twentieth century, including the librettos for Giacomo Puccini's "Suor Angelica" and "Gianni Schicchi".
Barbara Frittoli (born 19 April 1967) is an Italian operatic soprano who has sung leading roles in opera houses throughout Europe and in the United States.
 She was born in Milan and graduated from the Milan Conservatory.
 She made her Metropolitan Opera debut in 1995 as Micaela in "Carmen" and has gone on to sing in over 80 performances there including Donna Elvira in "Don Giovanni", Fiordiligi in "Così fan tutte", Angelica in "Suor Angelica", Desdemona in "Otello", the title role in "Luisa Miller", Amelia in "Simon Boccanegra", Vitellia in "La clemenza di Tito" and Alicia Ford in "Falstaff".
Marie-Josée Lord is a Haitian-born Canadian soprano.
 Lord was adopted from Haiti at the age of six and grew up in Lévis.
 She made her professional debut as Liù in Turandot in 2003 at the Opéra de Québec.
 She was particularly noted for her Suor Angelica in 2006.
 Her debut album of arias was released in 2011, becoming one of the Canadian label Atma's best-selling recordings.
Suor Angelica (Sister Angelica) is an opera in one act by Giacomo Puccini to an original Italian libretto by Giovacchino Forzano.
 It is the second opera of the trio of operas known as "Il trittico" ("Triptych").
 It received its world premiere at the Metropolitan Opera on December 14, 1918.
Norine Burgess is a Canadian singer.
 She is a graduate of the University of Calgary and the University of Toronto’s Opera School, mezzo-soprano.
 She received additional training as a member of the Canadian Opera Company (COC) Ensemble where she appeared in Electra, Suor Angelica, Lulu and Der Rosenkavalier.
 Ms. Burgess also performed Le Nozze di Figaro(Cherubino), Ariadne auf Naxos (Dryad), La Traviata(Flora) and Die Zauberflöte (Second Lady) with the COC.
 Additional operatic successes include Le Nozze di Figaro (Cherubino) and Carmen (Mercedes) with the Vancouver Opera, Fenena in Nabucco with Manitoba Opera, Albert Herring (Nancy) with the Calgary Opera and many appearances with the Edmonton Opera.
Il trittico ("The Triptych") is the title of a collection of three one-act operas, "Il tabarro", "Suor Angelica", and "Gianni Schicchi", by Giacomo Puccini.
 The work received its world premiere at the Metropolitan Opera on 14 December 1918.
