The Beechcraft T-6 Texan II is a single-engine turboprop aircraft built by the Raytheon Aircraft Company (which became Hawker Beechcraft and later Beechcraft Defense Company, and was bought by Textron Aviation in 2014).
 A trainer aircraft based on the Pilatus PC-9, the T-6 has replaced the Air Force's Cessna T-37B Tweet and the Navy's T-34C Turbo Mentor.
 The T-6A is used by the United States Air Force for basic pilot training and Combat Systems Officer (CSO) training and by the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps for primary Naval Aviator training as well as primary and intermediate Naval Flight Officer (NFO) training.
 The T-6A is also used as a basic trainer by the Royal Canadian Air Force (CT-156 Harvard II), the Greek Air Force, the Israeli Air Force ("Efroni"), and the Iraqi Air Force.
 The T-6B is the primary trainer for U.S. student naval aviators.
 The T-6C is used for training by the Mexican Air Force, Royal Air Force, Royal Moroccan Air Force, and the Royal New Zealand Air Force.
The following is a list of Australians who have attained air marshal rank within the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF); that is, service personnel who have held the rank of air chief marshal (four-star rank), air marshal (three-star rank) or air vice marshal (two-star rank).
 The Royal Australian Air Force was established in 1921 as a separate branch of the Australian military forces.
 The service was modelled after the Royal Air Force—formed three years earlier—and adopted the same ranking system.
 Richard Williams, regarded as the "father" of the Royal Australian Air Force, was the service's first member to obtain air-officer rank on being promoted to air commodore (one-star rank) in 1927; he went on to become the first air vice marshal (1935) and air marshal (1940).
 In 1965, Sir Frederick Scherger became the first officer to be advanced to air chief marshal, one of only four members of the Royal Australian Air Force to obtain this rank as of June 2014.
 A further nineteen individuals have reached air marshal in the RAAF and 126 air vice marshal; seven officers have retired with the honorary rank of air vice marshal.
Royal Air Force Music Services is the organization which provides military musical support to the Royal Air Force.
 Based at RAF Northolt (previously at RAF Uxbridge) and RAF Cranwell, it forms the central administration of one hundred and seventy musicians divided between the Central Band of the Royal Air Force, The Band of the Royal Air Force College, The Band of the Royal Air Force Regiment and Headquarters Music Services.
 These main military bands contain within their ranks the Royal Air Force Squadronnaires, Royal Air Force Swing Wing, Royal Air Force Shades of Blue, and The Salon Orchestra of the Central Band of the Royal Air Force.
Marshal of the Royal Air Force Arthur William Tedder, 1st Baron Tedder, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (11 July 1890 – 3 June 1967) was a senior Royal Air Force commander.
 He was a pilot and squadron commander in the Royal Flying Corps in the First World War and he went on to serve as a senior officer in the Royal Air Force during the inter-war years when he served in Turkey, Great Britain and the Far East.
 During the Second World War, as Air Officer Commanding RAF Middle East Command, Tedder directed air operations in the Mediterranean and North Africa, including the evacuation of Crete and "Operation Crusader" in North Africa.
 His bombing tactics became known as the "Tedder Carpet".
 Later in the war Tedder took command of Mediterranean Air Command and in that role was closely involved in the planning of the Allied invasion of Sicily and then the Allied invasion of Italy.
 When Operation Overlord—the invasion of France—came to be planned, Tedder was appointed Deputy Supreme Commander at Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force under General Eisenhower.
 After the war he served as Chief of the Air Staff, in which role he advocated increased recruiting in the face of many airmen leaving the service, doubled the size of RAF Fighter Command and implemented arrangements for the Berlin Airlift in 1948.
 After the war he held senior positions in business and academia.
Air Marshal Robert Leckie, (16 April 1890 – 31 March 1975) was an air officer in the Royal Air Force and the Chief of the Air Staff of the Royal Canadian Air Force from 1944 to 1947.
 He initially served in the Royal Naval Air Service during the First World War, becoming known as one of "the Zeppelin killers from Canada", after shooting down two airships.
 During the inter-war period he served as a Royal Air Force squadron and station commander, eventually becoming the RAF's Director of Training in 1935, and was Air Officer Commanding RAF Mediterranean from 1938 until after the beginning of the Second World War.
 In 1940 he returned to Canada where he was primarily responsible for the Commonwealth Air Training Plan, transferring to the Royal Canadian Air Force in 1942.
The Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF) (Maori: "Te Tauaarangi o Aotearoa", "New Zealand Warriors of the Sky"; previously "Te Hokowhitu o Kahurangi", "War Party of the Blue") is the air force component of the New Zealand Defence Force.
 It was formed from New Zealand elements of the British Royal Air Force, becoming an independent force in 1923, although many RNZAF aircrew continued to serve in the Royal Air Force until the end of the 1940s.
 The RNZAF fought in World War II, Malaysia, Korean War, Vietnam and the Gulf War plus various United Nations peacekeeping missions.
 From a 1945 peak of over 1,000 combat aircraft the RNZAF has shrunk to a strength of around 51 aircraft in 2016, focusing on maritime patrol and transport duties in support of the Royal New Zealand Navy and the New Zealand Army.
 The RNZAF's air combat capability ended in 2001 with the disbanding of the A-4 Skyhawk squadrons.
 The Air Force is led by an air vice-marshal who holds the appointment of Chief of Air Force.
Marshal of the Royal Air Force Sir Edward Leonard Ellington, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (30 December 1877 – 13 June 1967) was a senior officer in the Royal Air Force.
 He served in the First World War as a staff officer and then as Director-General of Military Aeronautics and subsequently as Controller-General of Equipment.
 In the inter-war years he held command positions in the Middle East, in India and then in Iraq.
 He served as Chief of the Air Staff in the mid-1930s and in that role he implemented a plan, known as 'Scheme F', to increase the size of the Royal Air Force to 187 squadrons (five bomber squadrons for every two fighter squadrons reflecting the dominance of the bomber strategy at the time) within three years to counter the threat from Hitler's Germany.
 He also broke up the command known as "Air Defence of Great Britain" to create RAF Fighter Command, RAF Bomber Command, RAF Coastal Command and RAF Training Command.
 He then served as Inspector-General of the RAF until his retirement in 1940.
Marshal of the Royal Air Force Sir William Forster Dickson, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (24 September 1898 – 12 September 1987) was a Royal Naval Air Service aviator during the First World War, a senior officer in the Royal Air Force during the inter-war years and a Royal Air Force commander during and after the Second World War.
 Dickson was Chief of the Air Staff in the mid-1950s, in which role his main preoccupation was the establishment of the V Force and the necessary supporting weapons, airfields and personnel.
 He also served as the first Chief of the Defence Staff in the late 1950s.
Percy Lewis ( (1927--) 31 1927 (age 89 ) ) is a Trinidad and Tobago/British amateur featherweight and professional feather/super feather/lightweight boxer of the 1950s and '60s who as an amateur was runner-up for the 1950 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) featherweight title, against Peter Brander (Slough Centre ABC), boxing out of The Royal Air Force, was runner-up for the 1951 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) featherweight title, against Jim Travers (Lansdowne BC), boxing out of The Royal Air Force, won the 1952 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) featherweight title, against Steve Trainer (Hulme Lads ABC), boxing out of The Royal Air Force, represented Great Britain at featherweight in the Boxing at the 1952 Summer Olympics, losing to Georghe Ilie of Romania, and won the 1953 Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) featherweight title, against Alan Sillett (The British Army), boxing out of Oxford YMCA ABC, and as a professional won the British Empire featherweight title, his professional fighting weight varied from 124+1/2 lb , i.e. featherweight to 134 lb , i.e. lightweight, he served with the Royal Air Force.
The Royal Air Force Museum Cosford, located in Cosford in Shropshire, is a museum dedicated to the history of aviation and the Royal Air Force in particular.
 The museum is part of the Royal Air Force Museum, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Ministry of Defence and a registered charity.
 The museum is spread over two sites in England; the other site is at the Royal Air Force Museum London at Colindale (near Hendon) in north London.
