Dianchi Lake (Chinese: 滇池 , "Diānchí"), also known as Lake Dian and Kunming Lake (昆明湖 , "Kūnmínghú"), is a large lake located on the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau close to Kunming, Yunnan, in southern China.
 Its nickname is the "Sparkling Pearl Embedded in a Highland" and it was the model for the Kunming Lake in the Summer Palace in Beijing.
 Its name is the source of Yunnan's Chinese abbreviation 滇 .
Kunming ( ; ) is the capital of and largest city in Yunnan Province, Southwest China.
 Known as Yunnan-Fu (云南府 , "Yúnnánfǔ") until the 1920s, today it is a prefecture-level city and the political, economic, communications and cultural centre of the province as well as the seat of the provincial government.
 Kunming is also called the Spring city due to its weather.
 The headquarters of many of Yunnan's large businesses are in Kunming.
 It was important during World War II as a Chinese military center, American air base, and transport terminus for the Burma Road.
 Located in the middle of the Yunnan–Guizhou Plateau, Kunming is located at an altitude of 1900 m above sea level and at a latitude just north of the Tropic of Cancer.
 Kunming has as of 2014 a population of 6,626,000 with an urban population of 4,575,000, and is located at the northern edge of the large Lake Dian, surrounded by temples and lake-and-limestone hill landscapes.
Xin Zhui (; died 163 BC), also known as Lady Dai or Marquise of Dai, was the wife of Li Cang (利蒼 ), the Marquis of Dai, during the Han dynasty (206 BC – 220 AD).
 She gained fame more than 2,000 years after her death, when her tomb was discovered inside a hill known as Mawangdui, in Changsha, Hunan, China.
 After opening the tomb, workers discovered her exceptionally preserved remains alongside hundreds of valuable artifacts and documents.
 Her body and belongings are currently under the care of the Hunan Provincial Museum, which has allowed occasional international exhibits.
Kunming City Museum (昆明市博物馆) is a history museum in Kunming City, Yunnan, China.
 Smaller than the Yunnan Provincial Museum, Its most notable exhibit is about the history of the city.
 Other features include a dinosaur exhibit and a rotating exhibition space that holds anything from history to art exhibitions.
The Dali–Ruili Railway or Darui Railway (), is a single-track electrified railroad under construction in Yunnan Province of Southwest China.
 The line is slated to run 336.39 km from Dali in central Yunnan to Ruili in southwestern Yunnan on the border with Myanmar.
 The line traverses rugged terrain, and bridges and tunnels will account for 75% of the total track length, including a 36-km tunnel through the Gaoligong Mountains.
 Construction began in May 2011 and is scheduled to take six years.
 Cities and towns along route include Dali, Yangbi Yi Autonomous County, Yongping County, Baoshan, Mang City (also known as Mangshi or Dehong) and Ruili.
Yunnan Provincial Museum () is located in Kunming, on Guangfu Road.
 It houses an exhibition centered on Yunnan's ethnic minorities, as well as a collection of artifacts from tomb excavations at Jinning on the southern rim of Lake Dian.
Yangzonghai Lake () (given on some maps as Yangzong Sea, though it is fresh water) is located between Yiliang County, Chenggong District and Chengjiang County, 45 kilometers east of Kunming City in Yunnan Province, China.
 About 30,000 people rely on the Lake as their drinking water.
 Yangzonghai Lake is noted for its underwater springs and is one of several scenic areas in Yunnan province, which is known for its biodiversity.
 The lake is a popular resort destination for people living in the nearby provincial capital of Kunming, which itself borders Dianchi Lake, one of China's biggest freshwater lakes but also one of its most polluted.
Karel Dežman, also known as Dragotin Dežman and Karl Deschmann (3 January 1821 – 11 March 1889), was a Carniolan liberal politician and natural scientist.
 He was one of the most prominent personalities of the political, cultural, and scientific developments in the 19th-century Duchy of Carniola.
 He is considered one of the fathers of modern archeology in what is today Slovenia.
 He also made important contributions in botany, zoology, mineralogy, geology and mineralogy.
 He was the first director of the Provincial Museum of Carniola, now the National Museum of Slovenia.
 Due to his switch from Slovene liberal nationalism to Austrian centralism and pro-German cultural stances, he became a symbol of national renegadism.
Luang Namtha Museum, also Louang Namtha Provincial Museum, is a museum in Luang Namtha, Laos.
 Largely an anthropological museum, it contains numerous items related to local people such as ethnic clothing, Khamu bronze drums, textiles, ceramics, tools, household utensils, hand-crafted weapons, and Buddhism-related items.
Flores Island Marine Provincial Park, also known as Flores Island Provincial Park, is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the island of the same name in the central Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
 The park contains 7113 ha.
 and was created on July 13, 1995 as part of the Clayoqout Land-Use Decision.
 Gibson Marine Provincial Park, which was created in 1967, adjoins it to the southeast.
 Sulphur Passage Provincial Park is off the northeast coast of Flores Island, surrounding Obstruction Island.
