Erdington is a suburb and ward of Birmingham that is historically part of Warwickshire.
 Its postcodes include B23, B24 and B72.
 It is 5 mi northeast of central Birmingham, England and borders Sutton Coldfield.
 It is also a council constituency, managed by its own district committee.
 The formal council constituency consists of the ward of Erdington, and Tyburn, (formerly Kingsbury), Stockland Green and Kingstanding, although all of Kingstanding and most of both Tyburn and Stockland Green wards lie outside the historical boundaries of Erdington.
 Stockland Green was formerly part of Aston, Kingstanding part of Perry Barr and Tyburn partially split between Aston and Hodge Hill.
 Erdington was part of the Sutton Coldfield constituency before 1974.
Korean regional cuisines (향토요리/향토료리 ; 鄕土料理 ) are characterized by local specialties and distinctive styles within Korean cuisine.
 The divisions reflected historical boundaries of the provinces where these food and culinary traditions were preserved until modern times.
Gastown is the original settlement that became the core of the creation of Vancouver, British Columbia.
 Today, it a national historic site, at the northeast end of Downtown Vancouver, adjacent to the Downtown Eastside.
 Its historical boundaries were the waterfront (now Water Street and the CPR tracks), Columbia Street, Hastings Street, and Cambie Street, which were the borders of the 1870 townsite survey, the proper name and postal address of which was Granville, B.I. ("Burrard Inlet").
 The official boundary does not include most of Hastings Street except for the Woodward's and Dominion Buildings, and stretches east past Columbia St., to the laneway running parallel to the west side of Main Street.
Fua Mulaku Havitta (historically referred as Dhadimagi Havitta) is the ruin of a Buddhist chaitya whose main feature is its ruined stupa.
 The Havitta is located at the northeastern end of Fuvahmulah, Maldives in the area of the historical boundaries of Dhadimagu ward of the island.
 Starting from the late 1990s, the area is claimed by Hoadhadu ward.
The Urals (Russian: Ура́л ) are a geographical region located around the Ural Mountains, between the East European and West Siberian plains.
 It extends approximately from north to south, from the Arctic Ocean to the bend of Ural River near Orsk city.
 The boundary between Europe and Asia runs along the eastern side of the Ural Mountains.
 Ural mostly lies within Russia but also includes a part of northwestern Kazakhstan.
 This is a historical, not an official entity, with the boundaries overlapping its western Volga and eastern Siberia neighbor regions.
 At points in time, parts of the Urals were considered a gateway to Siberia, if not Siberia itself, or were combined with the Volga administrative divisions.
 At present time, there are two official namesake entities, the Ural Federal District and the Ural economic region.
 While the latter follows the historical boundaries, the former is a political product; the District omits Western Urals and includes Western Siberia instead.
The Similkameen Country, also referred to as the Similkameen Valley or Similkameen District, but generally referred to simply as The Similkameen or more archaically, Similkameen, is a region roughly coinciding with the basin of the river of the same name in the Southern Interior of British Columbia.
 The term "Similkameen District" also refers to the Similkameen Mining District, a defunct government administrative district, which geographically encompasses the same area, and in more casual terms may also refer to the Similkameen electoral district, which was combined with the Grand Forks-Greenwood riding by the time of the 1966 election.
 The Similkameen Country has deep historical connections to the Boundary Country and the two are sometimes considered one region, partly as a result of the name of the electoral district.
 It is also sometimes classed as being part of the Okanagan region, which results from shared regional district and other administrative boundaries and names.
 The term "Similkameen District" may also historically refer to the Similkameen Division Yale Land District, which also includes Osoyoos and the Boundary Country to Osoyoos' east.
Tokyo City (東京市 , "Tōkyō-shi" ) was a municipality in Japan and part of Tokyo-fu which existed from 1 May 1889 until its merger with its prefecture on 1 July 1943.
 The historical boundaries of Tokyo City are now occupied by the 23 Special Wards of Tokyo.
 The new merged government became what is now Tokyo, also known as the "Tokyo Metropolis", or, ambiguously, "Tokyo Prefecture".
The Cherokee Outlet, often mistakenly referred to as the Cherokee Strip, was located in what is now the state of Oklahoma, in the United States.
 It was a sixty-mile (97 km) wide strip of land south of the Oklahoma-Kansas border between the 96th and 100th meridians.
 It was about 225 miles (362 km) long and in 1891 contained 8,144,682.91 acres (32,960 km²).
 Enid and Woodward fall within the historical boundaries of the Cherokee Outlet.
Styria (Slovene: "Štajerska" ), also Slovenian Styria ("Slovenska Štajerska") or Lower Styria ("Spodnja Štajerska"; German: "Untersteiermark" ), is a traditional region in northeastern Slovenia, comprising the southern third of the former Duchy of Styria.
 The population of Styria in its historical boundaries amounts to around 705,000 inhabitants, or 34.5% of the population of Slovenia.
 The largest city is Maribor.
The following is a list of municipal electoral districts in Montreal.
 They were created for electoral purposes and are based on historical boundaries of neighborhoods and former towns or cities.
