' Allo ' Allo!
 is a BBC television British sitcom that was first broadcast on BBC One from 1982 to 1992, comprising 85 episodes.
 The story is set in a small-town café in German-occupied France during the Second World War.
 It is a parody of another BBC programme, the wartime drama "Secret Army". "'
 Allo, ' Allo!"
 was created by David Croft, who also wrote the theme music, and Jeremy Lloyd.
 Lloyd and Croft wrote the first six series.
 The remaining series were written by Lloyd and Paul Adam.
Are You Being Served?
 (originally styled as "Are You Being Served?"
 in quotation marks) is a British sitcom created and written by Jeremy Lloyd and David Croft (Croft also directed some episodes), with contributions from Michael Knowles and John Chapman, for the BBC.
 Set in London, the show follows the misadventures and mishaps of the staff of the retail ladies' and gentlemen's clothing departments, in the flagship department store of a fictional chain called Grace Brothers.
All is Safely Gathered In is the eighth episode of the fifth series of the British comedy series "Dad's Army".
 It was originally transmitted on 24 November 1972.
 The episode is one of writer David Croft's favourite episodes, which he described in an interview with Graham McCann as "a joyous thing".
Which Way to the War is an intended British television sitcom written by David Croft and Jeremy Lloyd, which was discontinued after a one-off broadcast pilot on 19 August 1994.
 It was also Croft and Lloyd's only ITV sitcom and Croft's last World War II sitcom.
Oh, Doctor Beeching!
 is a BBC television sitcom written by David Croft and Richard Spendlove which, after a broadcast pilot on 14 August 1995, ran for two series from 8 July 1996, with the last episode being broadcast on 28 September 1997.
 The series is notable for being the last in a series of three comedies by co-writer David Croft to use many of the same actors, starting with "Hi-de-Hi!
", and followed by "You Rang, M'Lord?
" and was also the last full series written by David Croft.
Major David John Croft OBE (born David John Andrew Sharland; 7 September 1922 – 27 September 2011) was an English writer, producer and director.
 David Croft is particularly noted for producing and co-writing a string of popular BBC sitcoms with Jimmy Perry and Jeremy Lloyd including "Dad's Army", "Are You Being Served?
", "It Ain't Half Hot Mum", "Hi-de-Hi!
" and "'Allo 'Allo!
".
John Christopher Dixon (born 2 December 1942 in London) billed as John D. Collins, is an English actor and narrator, perhaps best known for appearing in the BBC sitcom "'Allo 'Allo!
" in which he played Flt.
 Lt. Fairfax, a stranded British airman in occupied France during World War II.
 He is the actor to have been cast most frequently in writer/producer David Croft's hit sitcoms: a total of six different series and ten characters.
Barbara New (9 May 1923 – 24 May 2010) was an English character actress, well known for playing Mabel the scullery maid in the David Croft sitcom "You Rang M'Lord?
".
 Following this role, she appeared as Vera Plumtree in "Oh, Doctor Beeching!
".
 She had previously played smaller parts in Croft's earlier sitcoms "Dad's Army" and "Hi-de-Hi!
".
Room Service is a 1979 Thames Television comedy series written by Jimmy Perry without his usual writing partner David Croft.
 It and Perry's other work without Croft, "High Street Blues" (1989, co-written with Robin Carr) "remain contenders for the title of worst British sitcom".
 The cast included Penelope Nice, Bryan Pringle and Matthew Kelly.
Grace & Favour (American title: Are You Being Served?
 Again!)
 is a British sitcom and a spin-off of "Are You Being Served?
" that aired on BBC1 for two series from 1992 to 1993 and marked the return of "Are You Being Served?"
 creators and writers Jeremy Lloyd and David Croft.
