Mosaics is an album by Mark Heard, released in 1985 on Home Sweet Home Records.
 According to the liner notes in "Ashes and Light", this album was recorded first but delayed by the record company who wanted the less rock-oriented "Ashes" released first.
 Consequently, this was the first album recorded in Heard's own Fingerprint Recording Studio.
Midnite Movies is a line of B movies released first on VHS and later on DVD by MGM Home Entertainment.
 The line was begun by MGM in March 2001 following its acquisition of Orion Pictures, which bought out Filmways, the owner of American International Pictures.
 AIP had a library of B movies from the 1950s and 1960s that were science fiction, horror, and exploitation films.
 The "Midnite Movies" collection is primarily derived from the AIP library (including most of Roger Corman's and Vincent Price's horror movies) but also included Hammer Film Productions, Amicus Productions, United Artists, and Empire International Pictures movies as well.
 The DVDs were first released as single films but most later releases would be double features on single double-sided discs.
 Sony Pictures Home Entertainment later became owners of the MGM library and continued the "Midnite Movies" line with distributor 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment.
 All double feature titles released on the 20th Century Fox label were two-disc packages.
 By 2011, no new titles were forthcoming; the previous catalog titles slowly went out of print and the "Midnite Movies" website was taken down.
Dragon Ball: Curse of the Blood Rubies, known in Japan as Dragon Ball during its initial theatrical release and later retitled Dragon Ball: Shenron no Densetsu (ドラゴンボール 神龍の伝説 , Doragon Bōru Shenron no Densetsu , lit.
 "Dragon Ball: The Legend of Shenlong") for its home video release, is the first in a series of feature films in the "Dragon Ball" anime franchise, based on the manga of the same name by Akira Toriyama.
 The film is a modified adaptation of the initial story arc in the manga, with the original character King Gurumes substituting Emperor Pilaf's role as the main antagonist.
 Like in the manga, it depicts how Goku meets up with Bulma, as well as Oolong, Yamcha, Puar and finally Master Roshi during his first search for the Dragon Balls.
Snegithiye (English:Oh Friend! "
(female)" ) is a 2000 Tamil mystery thriller film directed by Priyadarshan.
 The story is loosely based on the 1999 Marathi film "Bindhaast" written by Chandrakant Kulkarni.
 The film notably features only female characters in the lead roles, played by Jyothika, Sharbani Mukherjee, Tabu and Ishita Arun.
 Music was composed by Vidyasagar.
 The film, released in 2000, proved to be an average grosser at the box office but bagged positive reviews from critics.
 Today, it is considered a cult classic that was underrated at the time of its release.
 Originally planned to be made as a bilingual, in Tamil and in Malayalam, the film released first in Tamil only, while the Malayalam dubbed version, "Raakilipattu", as well as the dubbed Hindi version, "Friendship", released seven years later.
Ashes and Light is an album by Mark Heard, released in 1984 on Home Sweet Home Records.
 According to the liner notes, Heard recorded Mosaics first, but the record company wanted this album released first.
Dragon Ball: The Path to Power (Japanese: ドラゴンボール 最強への道 , Hepburn: Doragon Bōru Saikyō e no Michi ) , is the seventeenth Japanese animated feature film based on Akira Toriyama's "Dragon Ball" manga, following the first three "Dragon Ball" films and thirteen "Dragon Ball Z" films.
 It is a re-telling of the original "Dragon Ball" anime series, mixing the elements from the first Dragon Ball search and the later Red Ribbon storyline.
 It was originally released in Japan on March 2, 1996 at the Toei Anime Fair, along with the movie version of "Neighborhood Story".
 The film was produced to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the original "Dragon Ball" anime.
 It was also the last theatrically released Dragon Ball movie produced up until the release of "" in 2013.
Walt Disney Classics was a brand name used by Walt Disney Home Video on their American, Japanese, European, and Australian home video releases of List of Walt Disney Animation Studios features.
 The last title in the Classics line from 1984–1994 was "The Fox and the Hound".
 With the release of "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", all the existing titles in the Classics line were replaced with the Masterpiece Collection line and the Classics line was canceled in the United States and Canada.
 Cassette copies of the original Classics series became much sought-after, and are very popular with collectors, since most retailers had the first home video release for Disney animated features in their stores up to the time when the label was discontinued.
 Animated features and other films containing animation (such as "Mary Poppins" and "Pete's Dragon") continued to be released under the "Walt Disney Classics" label and its foreign language equivalents until around 2007 throughout Europe, and "Walt Disney Meisterwerke", the German equivalent series, is still in operation as of 2010 through its broader "Special Collection" range.
Dead or Alive (Japanese: デッドオアアライブ , Hepburn: Deddo Oa Araibu ) is a 1996 fighting game by Tecmo and the first entry in Team Ninja's long-running "Dead or Alive" series.
 It was released first in arcades, followed by home ports for the Sega Saturn in Japan, and later for the PlayStation in all regions.
Dragon Ball Z: Dead Zone, originally released theatrically in Japan as simply Dragon Ball Z and later as Dragon Ball Z: Return My Gohan!!
 (Japanese: ドラゴンボールZ オラの悟飯をかえせッ!!
 , Hepburn: Doragon Bōru Zetto Ora no Gohan o Kaese!! )
 for its Japanese VHS and Laserdisc release, is the fourth anime film in the "Dragon Ball" franchise and the first one under the "Dragon Ball Z" moniker.
 It was originally released in Japan on July 15, 1989 at the "Toei Manga Matsuri" film festival along with the 1989 film version of "Himitsu no Akko-chan", the first "Akuma-kun" movie, and the film version of "Kidou Keiji Jiban".
Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods (Japanese: ドラゴンボールZ 神と神 , Hepburn: Doragon Bōru Zetto: Kami to Kami , lit.
 "Dragon Ball Z: God and God") is the eighteenth Japanese animated feature film based on the "Dragon Ball" series and the fourteenth to carry the "Dragon Ball Z" branding, released in theaters on March 30, 2013.
 It is the first "Dragon Ball" movie in 17 years to have a theatrical release, the last being in 1996, which followed the first three "Dragon Ball" films and the thirteen "Dragon Ball Z" films.
 Unlike previous theatrical "Dragon Ball" releases, this was a full feature-length production with a stand-alone release and not shown as part of the now-discontinued Toei Anime Fair (formerly the Toei Manga Matsuri).
