John J. Pershing General of the Armies, is a public artwork by American artist Robert White, located at Pershing Park in Washington, D.C., United States.
 John J. Pershing General of the Armies was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
 survey in 1994.
 The monument is a tribute to United States Army general John J. Pershing.
Abbott Drive is a roadway in Omaha, Nebraska, and Carter Lake, Iowa.
 It is the easternmost link in Omaha's Park and Boulevard System that connects the eastern edge of Creighton University and North Downtown Omaha or NoDo to Carter Lake, Iowa, Eppley Airfield to John J Pershing Drive on the east end of Florence, Nebraska.
 Considered "Omaha's gateway", the drive includes a distinctive "string of pearls" lighting feature.
Creve Coeur Lake Memorial Park (also called Creve Coeur County Park) is a 2145 acre St. Louis County park located in Maryland Heights, Missouri, United States.
 The park is the largest in the St. Louis County Parks system and includes Creve Coeur Lake, an oxbow lake which is the largest natural lake in Missouri.
 The park has facilities for picnicking, tennis courts, multi-purpose athletic fields, and an archery course.
 Creve Coeur Park includes Crystal Springs Quarry Golf Course, an 18-hole course opened in 2001.
 In December 2003, construction for the Creve Coeur Lake Memorial Park Bridge, which is part of Missouri Route 364, was completed.
 The concrete bridge connects St. Louis County to St. Charles County and crosses over the southern end of the park.
 The project also included Creve Coeur Lake being dredged and the addition of a siltation lake to prevent the need for later dredging.
 Creve Coeur Lake Memorial Park has an asphalt walking trail around the lake, which was constructed by the Missouri Department of Transportation alongside the bridge project.
 The trail also connects to a separate lane on the bridge leading across the Missouri River to connect to the Katy Trail.
 A large portion of the park and surrounding area is also wetlands, and the park has been used for conservation purposes, particularly the study of various waterfowl.
Hummel Park is located at 11808 John J. Pershing Drive in North Omaha, Nebraska.
 Developed on 202 acre of land donated to the City of Omaha in 1930, the park was named after Joseph B. Hummel, a long time superintendent of Omaha's Parks and Recreation Department.
The Pioneer and Military Memorial Park is the official name given to seven historic cemeteries in Phoenix, Arizona.
 The cemeteries were founded in 1884 in what was known as "Block 32".
 On February 1, 2007, "Block 32" was renamed Pioneer and Military Memorial Park.
 The Pioneer and Military Memorial Park is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The historic Smurthwaite House, which is also listed in the National Register of Historic Places, is located on the grounds of the Pioneer and Military Memorial Park and is used as the cemetery's main office.
 Pioneer and Military Memorial Park is the final resting place of various notable pioneers of Phoenix, Arizona.
Stardust Memorial Park (Irish: An Pháirc Cuimhneacháin Stardust ), also known as the Stardust Memorial Garden, is a protected memorial park located in Coolock, Dublin built to commemorate the lives of those who died in the Stardust nightclub 1981 fire in Artane, Dublin.
 The park was officially completed and opened on 18 September 1993, by the then Lord Mayor of Dublin, Tomás MacGiolla.
 The memorial represents a circular pool with a bronze sculpture of a dancing couple in the middle, and the memorial was designed by the sculptor, Robin Buick.
 Water is pumped by 48 jets in the illuminated fountain which surrounds the sculpture.
 The fountain is enclosed by 48 pillars, each pillar representing a person lost in the tragedy.
 In the memorial park, there is a number of facilities open to the public including a newly renovated playground and a garden terrace.
 The park comprises 20 acres along the Santry River.
 The land was originally a 12th-century monastic site.
The Florence Water Works is located along John J. Pershing Drive in the Florence neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska.
 Home of the Minne Lusa Pumping Station, the Water Works has provided water throughout the city of Omaha since 1880.
The Minne Lusa Pumping Station was located along John J. Pershing Drive in the Florence neighborhood of North Omaha, Nebraska.
 The station, which was surrounded by settling basins, was the main source for pumping, filtering, and distributing Missouri River water throughout the City of Omaha.
 The station was the namesake of the Minne Lusa neighborhood located immediately to the south.
N.P. Dodge Memorial Park, or simply Dodge Park, is a recreational area located at 11001 John J. Pershing Drive in North Omaha, Nebraska, United States.
 Located on the Missouri River, the park provides fishing, water skiing, and boating, as well as hiking throughout its riparian forests.
 Baseball fields, soccer fields, horseshoe pits, and tennis courts are included for sporting events.
 There is a picnic area, pavilions, historical monuments, and a campground.
Love’s Jazz and Art Center is located at 2510 North 24th Street in the Near North Omaha neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska.
 Founded and named to honor of Omaha jazz great Preston Love, Love's highlights the African American culture of North Omaha.
 In addition to sponsoring a variety of events, Love's has hosted events for Native Omaha Days.
