Dogma is a 1999 American fantasy comedy film, written and directed by Kevin Smith, who also stars along with Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino, Alan Rickman, Bud Cort, Salma Hayek, Chris Rock, Jason Lee, George Carlin, Janeane Garofalo, Alanis Morissette, and Jason Mewes.
 It is the fourth film in Smith's View Askewniverse series.
 Brian O'Halloran and Jeff Anderson, stars of the first Askewniverse film "Clerks", appear in the film, as do Smith regulars Scott Mosier, Dwight Ewell, Walt Flanagan, and Bryan Johnson.
Steven John Carell ( ; born August 16, 1962) is an American actor, comedian, director, producer, and writer.
 Carell is best known for playing Michael Scott on the American version of "The Office" (2005–2011), on which he also worked as an occasional writer, producer, and director.
Artist is a 2013 Indian Malayalam drama film written and directed by Shyamaprasad.
 An adaptation of "Dreams In Prussian Blue", a paperback novel by Paritosh Uttam, the film is about two fine arts students, both driven by individual ambitions, who decide to live together.
 The film traces the course of their relationship and their progression as artists.
 It features Fahadh Faasil playing Michael and Ann Augustine as Gayathri.
 The supporting cast includes Sreeram Ramachandran (of the sitcom "Chumma" on Amrita TV), Sidhartha Siva, Srinda Ashab ("Annayum Rasoolum"-fame), Krishnachandran and Vanitha along with a host of newcomers.
 The film was produced by M. Mani under his banner, Sunitha Productions.
 The music was composed by Bijibal and the editing is by Vinod Sukumaran.
 The film won three major awards at the Kerala State Film Awards: Best Director, Best Actress (Ann Augustine) and Best Actor (Fahadh Faasil).
Toys is a 1992 American fantasy comedy film directed by Barry Levinson, co-written by Levinson and Valerie Curtin, and starring Robin Williams, Michael Gambon, Joan Cusack, Robin Wright, LL Cool J, and Jamie Foxx in his feature film debut.
 Released in December 1992 in the United States, and March and April 1993 in the United Kingdom and Australia, respectively, the film was produced by Levinson's production company Baltimore Pictures and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 Despite being called "Toys", the movie garnered a PG-13 rating from the MPAA for some language and sensuality.
Fred Claus is a 2007 American fantasy comedy family film directed by David Dobkin, written by Dan Fogelman and Jessie Nelson, and starring Vince Vaughn and Paul Giamatti.
 The film was released on November 9, 2007 in the US and later released in the UK on November 30, 2007 by Warner Bros.
 Pictures.
 It is loosely based on the poem "A legend of Santa and his brother Fred" written by Donald Henkel.
Son of the Mask is a 2005 American fantasy comedy film directed by Lawrence Guterman.
 The film stars Jamie Kennedy as Tim Avery, an aspiring cartoonist from Fringe City who has just had his first child born with the powers of the Mask.
 It is the stand-alone sequel to the successful 1994 film "The Mask", an adaptation of Dark Horse Comics which starred Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz.
Vampire Academy (also known as Vampire Academy: Blood Sisters) is a 2014 American fantasy comedy film based on Richelle Mead's 2007 best-selling novel of the same name, directed by Mark Waters, and scripted by Daniel Waters.
 The film stars Zoey Deutch, Danila Kozlovsky, Lucy Fry, and Dominic Sherwood in lead roles.
 It was released in North America on February 7, 2014 and globally between March and July of the same year.
 It was distributed in the United States by The Weinstein Company.
Brian Blain (1937 – July,1994) was an Australian film and television actor.
 He is best remembered for his role as wealthy businessman Gordon Hamilton in the Seven Network soap opera "Sons and Daughters" from 1981 to 1987 when the series was cancelled, and his role as Captain Jacob Hilliard in the film sequel "Return to the Blue Lagoon" (1991).
 In that same year, he also starred opposite Anne Haddy playing Michael Daniels, a love interest of her character Helen Daniels in the Network Ten soap opera "Neighbours".
 Only a few years previously Haddy had played his housekeeper Rosie in "Sons and Daughters".
 He died of a heart attack in 1994, at the age of 56.
Evan Almighty is a 2007 American fantasy comedy film and the stand-alone sequel/spin-off to "Bruce Almighty" (2003).
 The film was directed by Tom Shadyac, written by Steve Oedekerk, based on the characters created by Steve Koren and Mark O'Keefe from the original film, and starring Steve Carell, Morgan Freeman, Lauren Graham and John Goodman.
The Change-Up is a 2011 American fantasy comedy film produced and directed by David Dobkin, written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore, and starring Ryan Reynolds and Jason Bateman.
