Midkemia is a fictional world created by a fantasy role-playing group and popularized by Raymond E. Feist where most of the Riftwar books take place.
 Only the Empire Trilogy, which was co-written with Janny Wurts, takes place entirely on Kelewan, another world connected to Midkemia by magically created rifts in space.
Kelewan is one of the fictional worlds described by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts.
 Kelewan was first described in his novel "Magician" though it is not described in any detail before the "Empire Trilogy".
James Gordon Farrell (25 January 1935 – 11 August 1979) was a Liverpool-born novelist of Irish descent.
 He gained prominence for a series of novels known as the "Empire Trilogy" ("Troubles", "The Siege of Krishnapur" and "The Singapore Grip"), which deal with the political and human consequences of British colonial rule.
Janny Wurts (born December 10, 1953) is an American fantasy novelist and illustrator.
 She has written several series, including the Wars of Light and Shadow, The Cycle of Fire trilogy, several stand-alone novels, a short story collection and the internationally best selling Empire Trilogy that she co-authored with Raymond E. Feist.
 She often illustrates her own work.
Kunala (IAST: Kuṇāla ) (263 BC - ?)
 was a son of Emperor Ashoka and Queen Padmavati and the presumptive heir to Ashoka, thus the heir to the Mauryan Empire which once ruled almost all of the Indian subcontinent.
 After the departure of Mahendra, Ashoka's eldest son, he was supposed to be the heir to the empire, but was blinded by his step-mother, Tishyaraksha, at a young age in jealousy.
 While he was not able to take the throne, his son, Samprati, became his heir.
Troubles is a 1970 novel by J. G. Farrell.
 The plot concerns the dilapidation of a once grand Irish hotel (the Majestic), in the midst of the political upheaval during the Irish War of Independence (1919–1921).
 It is the first instalment in Farrell's acclaimed 'Empire Trilogy', preceding "The Siege of Krishnapur" and "The Singapore Grip".
 Although there are similar themes within the three novels (most notably that of the British Empire), they do not form a sequence of storytelling.
The Bishop's Heir is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz.
 It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1984.
 It was the seventh of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published, and the first book in her third Deryni trilogy, The Histories of King Kelson.
 Although The Legends of Camber of Culdi trilogy was published immediately prior to the Histories trilogy, "The Bishop's Heir" is a direct sequel to Kurtz' first Deryni series, The Chronicles of the Deryni.
The Thrawn" trilogy, also known as the Heir to the Empire" trilogy, is a series of best-selling science fiction novels written by Timothy Zahn.
 They are set in the "Star Wars" expanded universe approximately five years after the events depicted in the 1983 "Star Wars" film "Return of the Jedi".
 The series introduced several notable characters, including Mara Jade, Talon Karrde, and Grand Admiral Thrawn, one of the more notable villains in the expanded universe.
 The "Thrawn" trilogy was followed by "The Hand of Thrawn", a two-book series (1997 and 1998) also authored by Zahn.
The Broken Empire Trilogy is a trilogy of fantasy novels by American-British author Mark Lawrence consisting of "Prince of Thorns", "King of Thorns" and "Emperor of Thorns".
Mistress of the Empire is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts.
 It is the third and final book in the "Empire Trilogy" and was published in 1992.
 It was preceded by "Servant of the Empire", which was published in 1990.
