District 13 (French title "Banlieue 13" or "B13"), is a 2004 French action film directed by Pierre Morel and written and produced by Luc Besson.
 The film is notable for its depiction of parkour in a number of stunt sequences that were completed without the use of wires or computer generated effects.
 Because of this, some film critics have drawn comparisons to the popular Thai film "".
 David Belle, regarded as the founder of parkour, plays Leïto, one of the protagonists in the film.
From Paris with Love is a 2010 English-language French action film starring John Travolta and Jonathan Rhys Meyers and directed by Pierre Morel.
 The screenplay was co-written by Luc Besson.
 The film was released in the United States on February 5, 2010.
The Gunman is a 2015 action thriller film directed by Pierre Morel and written by Don Macpherson, Pete Travis and Sean Penn, based on the novel "The Prone Gunman" (French title: "La position du tireur couché") by Jean-Patrick Manchette.
 It stars Penn, with Idris Elba, Ray Winstone, Mark Rylance, and Javier Bardem appearing in supporting roles.
 The film is about Jim Terrier (Penn), a mercenary who assassinates the Minister of Mining of the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2006 on orders from multinational mining companies.
 Eight years after Terrier has retired from mercenary work, he and the people close to him become the targets of hit squads sent by a powerful multinational security firm, and he must fight to stay alive.
 The film was released on March 20, 2015 by Open Road Films.
 It was a box office bomb, grossing just $24 million against its $40 million budget and seeing a poor critical reception.
Edmund Dene Morel, originally Georges Eduard Pierre Achille Morel de Ville (10 July 1873 – 12 November 1924), was a British journalist, author, pacifist, and politician.
 In collaboration with Roger Casement, Morel led a campaign against slavery in the Congo Free State, founding the Congo Reform Association and running the "West African Mail".
 He played a significant role in the British pacifist movement during the First World War, participating in the foundation and becoming secretary of the Union of Democratic Control, at which point he broke with the Liberal Party.
 After the war he joined the Independent Labour Party.
 Bertrand Russell said of Morel, "No other man known to me has had the same heroic simplicity in pursuing and proclaiming political truth."
Pierre Morel d'Arleux (8 April 1897 – 29 March 1964) was a French philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1950.
 He was Honorary Secretary of the "Académie de Philatelie" and Honorary Secretary of the "Société des Amis du Musée Postal".
Taken is a 2008 English-language French action thriller film directed by Pierre Morel, written by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen, and starring Liam Neeson, Maggie Grace, Leland Orser, Jon Gries, David Warshofsky, Holly Valance, Katie Cassidy, Xander Berkeley, Olivier Rabourdin, Gérard Watkins, and Famke Janssen.
The Congo Free State propaganda war was a worldwide media propaganda campaign waged by both King Leopold II of Belgium and the critics of the Congo Free State.
 Leopold was very astute in using the media to support his virtual private control of the nation.
 Edmund Dene Morel, successfully campaigned against Leopold and focused public attention on the violence of Leopold's rule.
 Morel used the mass media of that time, from newspapers and pamphlets to books including evidence from reports, eye-witness testimony, and pictures obtained from missionaries and others involved directly in the Congo.
 As Morel gained high-profile supporters, the publicity generated by his campaign eventually forced Leopold to relinquish control of the Congo to the Belgian government.
Pierre Morel (born 12 May 1964) is a French film director and cinematographer.
 His work include "District 13", "From Paris with Love" and "Taken."
Overdrive is a 2017 action thriller film directed by Antonio Negret, produced by Michael Brandt, Derek Haas and Pierre Morel and the screenplay was written by Michael Brandt and Derek Haas.
 The film stars Scott Eastwood, Freddie Thorp, Ana de Armas, and Gaia Weiss.
 Principal photography began on January 4, 2016 in Paris and Marseille, France.
 The film tells the story of Andrew and Garret Foster, young brothers who are skilled car thieves which having expertise in the most luxury cars, they both are sent to steal a Bugatti car at Southern France, but they are getting caught by the car's owner; a ruthless local crime lord.
 In exchange for their life and for apology for attempting to steal his car, the crime lord forces the brothers into stealing a luxury Ferari car from the crime lord's arch-rival.
Pierre Morel (born 10 September 1930) is a French former professional racing cyclist.
 He rode in the 1960 Tour de France.
