Lieutenant General George S. Hammond, USAF (Ret.)
 is a fictional character in the "Stargate franchise".
 Played by American actor Don S. Davis, General Hammond serves as the commander of Stargate Command (SGC) in the first seven seasons of the television series "Stargate SG-1".
 He is relieved of command in the series' season 7 finale "Lost City", but becomes head of the new Homeworld Security department at the beginning of season 8.
 Hammond's off-screen retirement is confirmed in "SG-1"' s season 10, and the character's death is mentioned in the series finale of "SG-1"' s spin-off series "Stargate Atlantis", "Enemy at the Gate".
Stargate SG-1 (often abbreviated as SG-1) is an adventure and military science fiction television series and part of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's "Stargate" franchise.
 The show, created by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner, is based on the 1994 science fiction film "Stargate" by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich.
 The television series was filmed in and around the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
 The series premiered on Showtime on July 27, 1997 and moved to the Sci Fi Channel on June 7, 2002; the final episode first aired on Sky1 on March 13, 2007.
 With 214 episodes over ten seasons, "Stargate SG-1" had surpassed "The X-Files" as the longest-running North American science fiction television series, until it was surpassed by the series "Smallville" in 2011.
Vala Mal Doran is a fictional character in the American military science fiction television series "Stargate SG-1", a science fiction show about a military team exploring the galaxy via a network of alien transportation devices.
 Played by former "Farscape" actress Claudia Black, Vala was created by Damian Kindler and Robert C. Cooper as a guest character for the season 8 episode "Prometheus Unbound" (2004).
 Because of the on-screen chemistry between Black's Vala and Michael Shanks' character Daniel Jackson, and the character's popularity with the producers and the audience, Claudia Black became a recurring guest star in season 9 (2005–2006) and joined the main cast in season 10 (2006–2007).
Don Sinclair Davis, PhD (August 4, 1942 – June 29, 2008) was an American character actor best-known for playing General Hammond in the television series "Stargate SG-1" (1997–2007), and earlier for playing Major Garland Briggs on the television series "Twin Peaks" (1990–1991).
 He was also a theater professor, painter, and United States Army captain.
Stargate: Continuum is a 2008 Canadian-American military science fiction direct-to-video film in the "Stargate" franchise.
 It is the second sequel to television series "Stargate SG-1" following "".
 It is directed by Martin Wood, director and producer of many episodes of "Stargate SG-1" and "Stargate Atlantis", written by "SG-1" and "Atlantis" creator Brad Wright, and produced by Wright and "Ark of Truth" director Robert C. Cooper.
"Lost City" is the two-part finale to the seventh season of the science fiction television show "Stargate SG-1".
 It was originally intended to be a second "Stargate" film, and was then to be the show's absolute finale, and finally ended up being the seventh season finale after the series was renewed.
 "Lost City" served as an introduction to "Stargate Atlantis" and the events portrayed were followed up in the "Atlantis" premiere "Rising" as well as in "SG-1"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s own "New Order".
 "Lost City" also featured special guest star Chief of Staff of the Air Force John P. Jumper as himself.
 This episode was nominated for an Emmy Award in the category Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series and for a Gemini Award in the category Best Visual Effects.
Samantha "Sam" Carter, USAF is a fictional character in the Canadian–American military science fiction "Stargate" franchise.
 Played by Amanda Tapping, she appears in all three shows in the franchise: "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis", and "Stargate Universe".
 She was a main character in all ten seasons of "Stargate SG-1" (1997–2007).
 Following a recurring role in "Stargate Atlantis" for three seasons (2004–07), Carter became a main character in Season 4 of "Atlantis" (2007–08), and also appeared in the 2008 direct-to-DVD "SG-1" films "" and "".
 Amanda Tapping accepted a starring role in "Sanctuary" and appears in only the first and last episodes in Season 5 of "Atlantis" (2008–09).
 Carter also appears in two episodes of Season 1 of "Stargate Universe."
Season eight of "Stargate SG-1", an American-Canadian military science fiction television series, began airing on July 9, 2004 on the Sci Fi channel.
 The eighth season concluded on February 22, 2005, after 20 episodes on British Sky One, which overtook the Sci Fi Channel in mid-season.
 This was the first season of the show to have 20 episodes instead of 22, as well as the first to air concurrently with "Stargate SG-1" spinoff series "Stargate Atlantis" (the first season thereof).
 The series was originally developed by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner, while Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper served as executive producers.
 Season eight regular cast members include Richard Dean Anderson, Amanda Tapping, Christopher Judge, and Michael Shanks.
 The eighth season begins with the SG-1 team trying to revive Colonel Jack O'Neill (Richard Dean Anderson) after the events of the seventh season.
 At the end of the two-episode season opener, Colonel O'Neill is promoted to General and assumes command of Stargate Command (SGC), while Major Samantha Carter (Amanda Tapping) is promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and assumes command of SG-1.
 The season arc centers on the growing threat and seemingly final defeat of the Goa'uld and the Replicators, races who were introduced in the first and third season of the show, respectively.
The first season of the military science fiction television series "Stargate SG-1" commenced airing on the Showtime channel in the United States on July 27, 1997, concluded on the same channel on March 6, 1998, and contained 22 episodes.
 The show itself is a spin off from the 1994 hit movie, "Stargate" written by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich.
 Stargate SG-1 re-introduced supporting characters from the film universe, such as Jonathan "Jack" O'Neill and Daniel Jackson and included new characters such as Teal'c, George Hammond and Samantha "Sam" Carter.
 The first season was about a military-science expedition team discovering how to use the ancient device, named the Stargate, to explore the galaxy.
 However, they encountered a powerful enemy in the film named the Goa'uld, which is bent on destroying Earth and all that oppose them.
The two-part episode "Redemption" is the Season 6 premiere of the science fiction television series "Stargate SG-1".
 Airing on June 7 and June 14, 2002, it was the first all-new "SG-1" episode to be broadcast by SCI FI, the new home of "SG-1" after the series' move from Showtime.
 The episode was written by producer Robert C. Cooper, and directed by Martin Wood.
 "Redemption" is the first episode where actor Corin Nemec had main cast status, his character Jonas Quinn replacing Daniel Jackson (played by Michael Shanks) who died at the end of season 5.
 The episode also marks the second appearance of David Hewlett's character Rodney McKay, who later became a main character on "Stargate Atlantis".
 "Redemption Part 2" was nominated for a Gemini Award in the category "Best Visual Effects".
