Like many of Marivaux's , "La Surprise de l'amour" makes use of stock characters from the Commedia dell'arte.
 In this play, Arlequin and Columbine are featured.
Gilles (] )—sometimes Gille—is a stock character of French farce and Commedia dell'Arte.
 He enjoyed his greatest vogue in 18th-century France, in entertainments both at the fairgrounds of the capital and in private and public theaters, though his origins can be traced back to the 17th century and, possibly, the century previous.
 A "zanni", or comic servant, he is a type of bungling clown, stupid, credulous, and lewd—a character that shares little, problematically, with the sensitive figure in Watteau's famous portrait that, until the latter half of the 20th century, bore his name alone.
 Gilles fades from view in the 19th century, to persist in the 20th and 21st as the Belgian Gilles of Binche Carnival.
Pedrolino is a "primo zanni", or comic servant, of the "Commedia dell'Arte"; the name is a hypocorism of "Pedro" (Peter), via the suffix "-lino".
 The character made its first appearance in the last quarter of the 16th century, apparently as the invention of the actor with whom the role was to be long identified, Giovanni Pellesini.
 Contemporary illustrations suggest that his white blouse and trousers constituted "a variant of the typical "zanni" suit", and his Bergamasque dialect marked him as a member of the "low" rustic class.
 But if his costume and social station were without distinction, his dramatic role was certainly not: as a multifaceted "first" "zanni", his character was—and still is—rich in comic incongruities.
Pierrot lunaire: rondels bergamasques ("Moonstruck Pierrot: bergamask rondels") is a collection of fifty poems published in 1884 by the Belgian poet Albert Giraud (born Emile Albert Kayenburgh), who is usually associated with the Symbolist Movement.
 The protagonist of the cycle is Pierrot, the comic servant of the French Commedia dell'Arte and, later, of Parisian boulevard pantomime.
 The early 19th-century Romantics, Théophile Gautier most notably, had been drawn to the figure by his Chaplinesque pluckiness and pathos, and by the end of the century, especially in the hands of the Symbolists and Decadents, Pierrot had evolved into an alter-ego of the artist, particularly of the so-called poète maudit.
 He became the subject of numerous compositions, theatrical, literary, musical, and graphic.
Tartaglia is a dainty character in the Commedia dell'arte.
 He is farsighted and with a minor stutter (hence his name; cf. Spanish tartamudear), he is usually classed as one of the group of old characters (vecchio) who appears in many scenarios as one of the lovers (innamorati).
 His social status varies; he is sometimes a bailiff, lawyer, notary or chemist.
 Dramatist Carlo Gozzi turned him into a statesman, and so he remained thereafter.
 Tartaglia wears a large felt hat, an enormous cloak, oversized boots, a long sword, a giant moustache and a cardboard nose.
 He usually represents the lower working class but at times the middle or upper class in the commedia dell'arte.
 In the opera "Le maschere" by Mascagni, one of the characters is Tartaglia, a stuttering servant.
Niccolò (or Nicolò) Barbieri (Vercelli, 1586 - 1641) was an Italian writer and actor of the commedia dell'arte theatrical genre.
 He was also known as Beltrame di Milano ("Beltrame of Milan") in reference to one of his most popular characters, Beltrame; this was the main character of one of Barbieri's best known plays, "L'inavertito", which is known to have inspired Moliere's "L'Étourdi ou Les Contretemps" ("The Blunderer").
 Besides popularizing Beltrame, Barbieri is also credited with creating another "commedia dell'arte" mask, Scapino.
Masques, L. 105, is a piece for solo piano by Claude Debussy.
 Composed in July 1904, it was premiered on 18 February 1905 by Ricardo Viñes at the Salle Pleyel in Paris.
 Its sombre character reflects Debussy’s difficult separation from Lilly Texier, his first wife.
 The title refers to the commedia dell’arte, although Debussy confided to Marguerite Long that the piece was "not Italian comedy, but an expression of the tragedy of existence" - (""ce n'est pas la comédie italienne, mais l'expression tragique de l’existence."")
Commedia dell'arte (] , comedy of the profession) was an early form of professional theatre, originating from Italy, that was popular in Europe from the 16th through the 18th century.
 "Commedia dell'arte" also is known as "commedia alla maschera", "commedia improvviso", and "commedia dell'arte all'improvviso".
 "Commedia" is a form of theatre characterized by masked "types" which began in Italy in the 16th century and was responsible for the advent of actresses (Isabella Andreini) and improvised performances based on sketches or scenarios.
 A "commedia", such as "The Tooth Puller", is both scripted and improvised.
 Characters' entrances and exits are scripted.
 A special characteristic of "commedia dell'arte" are the "lazzi".
 A "lazzo" is a joke or "something foolish" or "witty".
 Another characteristic of "commedia dell'arte" is pantomime, which is mostly used by the character Arlecchino (Harlequin).
Columbina (in Italian Colombina, meaning "little dove"; in French and English Colombine) is a stock character in the "Commedia dell'Arte".
 She is Harlequin's mistress, a comic servant playing the tricky slave type, and wife of Pierrot.
 Rudlin and Crick use the Italian spelling Colombina in "Commedia dell'arte: A Handbook for Troupes".
Harlequin ( ; Italian: "Arlecchino" ] , French: "Arlequin" ] , Old French "Harlequin") is the best-known of the "zanni" or comic servant characters from the Italian "Commedia dell'arte".
 The role is traditionally believed to have been introduced by Zan Ganassa in the late 16th century, and was definitively popularized by the Italian actor Tristano Martinelli in Paris in 1584–1585 and became a stock character after Martinelli's death in 1630.
