NESticle is an NES emulator for DOS, created by Icer Addis of Bloodlust Software.
 Released on April 3, 1997, the widely popular program originally ran under DOS and Windows 95.
 It was the first freeware NES emulator, and became commonly considered the NES emulator of choice for the 1990s.
 Initially offering few features and only supporting a handful of games, development proceeded rapidly and to expand usability such that NESticle is today credited with introducing the concept of recordable playthrough for emulation, as well as providing the capacity for users to create their own graphical hacks via an integrated graphics editor.
 In pioneering this heightened level of access for users, and providing the tools for fans to hack and remix familiar classics, NESticle has been credited by "Spin" as representing a milestone toward the development of video game music as a genre.
Salala is an "a capella" vocal trio from the south of Madagascar.
 They perform a contemporary form of the traditional "beko" genre, which originates from the island's southern interior.
 In contrast to the traditional beko, a spiritual chant sung at funerals to honor the life of the deceased, Salala adapted the harmonies and style of the genre while shedding the religious purpose of the music by focusing the subject of their songs on matters of daily life.
 The group was founded by one of the singers, M'Bassa, in 1983, with singer Senge and a friend.
 All three performers belong to the southern Antandroy ethnic group and originate from a small village near Taolagnaro.
 Over the next ten years, the group gained in popularity in Madagascar, eventually winning the "Gasitsara Media Prize" for Best Band of the Year.
 Their first major domestic hit was "Salakao Raho Ene".
 The group went on to perform the Africolor music festival in 1994, where they were well received.
 In 1995 they recorded their first album, "Salala", and were selected to represent the Indian Ocean states at the "Découvertes du Printemps de Bourges" tour, performing at 25 venues across France and Germany with Oumou Sangaré.
 After this success, the group's bass vocalist, Senge, launched a solo career, eventually teaming up with two other singers to lead his own trio, while still performing and recording with Salala.
 The band toured Africa in 1996, visiting the Seychelles, Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda, Malawi, Zambia, Namibia and South Africa.
 They performed at the third Jeux de la Francophonie in Madagascar in 1997 and toured Singapore in 1998.
 In 1999, Salala toured Reunion island with Granmoun Lélé.
Three Soldiers is a 1921 novel by the American writer and critic John Dos Passos.
 It is one of the American war novels of the First World War, and remains a classic of the realist war novel genre.
 H.L. Mencken, then practising primarily as an American literary critic, praised the book in the pages of "The Smart Set".
 "Until "Three Soldiers" is forgotten and fancy achieves its inevitable victory over fact, no war story can be written in the United States without challenging comparison with it—and no story that is less meticulously true will stand up to it.
 At one blast it disposed of oceans of romance and blather.
 It changed the whole tone of American opinion about the war; it even changed the recollections of actual veterans of the war.
 They saw, no doubt, substantially what Dos Passos saw, but it took his bold realism to disentangle their recollections from the prevailing buncombe and sentimentality."
¡Dos!
 is the tenth studio album by American punk rock band Green Day.
 The album was released on November 9, 2012 in Australia, November 12 in the United Kingdom and on November 13 in the United States through Reprise Records.
 It is the second installment in the "¡Uno!
" "¡Dos!" "
¡Tré!
" trilogy.
 Following its predecessor's power pop style, "¡Dos!"
 was billed as Green Day's take on garage rock.
The Verge is the third and final full-length album from the alternative rock band There For Tomorrow.
 It was released on Hopeless Records on June 28, 2011.
 The album was voted one of the most anticipated albums of the year by the Alternative Press.
 The album's first single, "Hunt Hunt Hunt", was released on February 29, 2011.
 "The Verge"'s album art and track listing was released on May 12, 2011, with each song length released on May 29.
Chapter Dos: On The Verge is Xtreme's fourth bachata album.
 Its third single Vuelve is coming up on the charts according to Billboards Hot Latin Songs Chart.
Dos was the debut album recorded by the band Dos.
 It is a double bass guitar side project for Mike Watt (of the Minutemen and Firehose) and his then-girlfriend (later wife), Kira Roessler (from Black Flag).
 Formed as a vehicle to take the bass beyond its perceived background role and into the forefront of a band, Dos also became a therapeutic experience in the wake of Roessler's departure from Black Flag and, more tragically, Minutemen D. Boon's sudden death on December 22, 1985.
 After exchanging demos for the better part of 1986 (Roessler had moved to Connecticut), the duo reconvened to record their self-titled debut late in the year, subsequently releasing it on Watt's own New Alliance Records.
A Biblical genre is a classification of Bible literature according to literary genre.
 The genre of a particular Bible passage is ordinarily identified by analysis of its general writing style, tone, form, structure, literary technique, content, design, and related linguistic factors; texts that exhibit a common set of literary features (very often in keeping with the writing styles of the times in which they were written) are together considered to be belonging to a genre.
 In Biblical studies, genres are usually associated with whole books of the Bible, because each of its books comprises a complete textual unit; however, a book may be internally composed of a variety of styles, forms, and so forth, and thus bear the characteristics of more than one genre (for example, chapter 1 of the Book of Revelation is prophetic/visionary; chapters 2 and 3 are similar to the epistle genre; etc.).
Winter's Verge is a power metal band formed in Nicosia, Cyprus in 2004.
 Winter's Verge is one of the best-known bands from Cyprus and one of the few artists signed to an international record label.
 They have participated in overseas tours, most notably with Finnish band Stratovarius.
 Their latest album entitled "Beyond Vengeance" was released in April 2012 by Massacre Records.
Chapter Dos is the third album from Bachata group, Xtreme.
 It was released November 24, 2008.
 The single, "Through That Window (Enamorado Estoy)" peaked 27 on "Billboard"'s Hot Latin Songs chart.
