Paper Gods is the fourteenth studio album from British new wave band Duran Duran on Warner Bros.
 Records.
 The record was announced on 15 June 2015 via an official press release posted on their website, confirming a scheduled worldwide release date of 11 September 2015.
 The record was produced by Mr Hudson and Joshua Blair, who has worked with the band on "All You Need Is Now" (2010) and "A Diamond in the Mind"; Nile Rodgers, who had previously first worked on the band's "The Reflex", his remixed version reaching number 1, "The Wild Boys" single and "Notorious" album, and Mark Ronson, who produced "All You Need Is Now".
 The first single, "Pressure Off", features vocals from American singer Janelle Monáe.
 Duran Duran promoted the album through the Paper Gods on Tour.
The Power Station was a 1980s supergroup made up of singer Robert Palmer, former Chic drummer Tony Thompson, and Duran Duran members John Taylor (bass) and Andy Taylor (guitar).
 Bernard Edwards, also of Chic, was involved on the studio side as recording producer and for a short time also functioned as The Power Station's manager.
 Edwards also replaced John Taylor on bass for the recording of the supergroup's follow-up album.
 The band was formed in New York City late in 1984 during a break in Duran Duran's schedule that became a lengthy hiatus.
 The Power Station was named after The Power Station recording studio where their album was conceived and recorded.
The Helicopters were a South African pop rock band active in the 1980s.
 They formed in 1981 in Vereeniging and were stylistically similar to the new wave bands Duran Duran and A Flock of Seagulls.
 Benjy Mudie signed the group to Warner Bros.
 Records in 1984, where they released one album and several singles; in 1987 they moved to Epic and released a second full-length before disbanding.
 The band scored several hit singles in South Africa, including "Mysteries and Jealousy".
 The group was a popular concert draw, able to fill stadiums in its home country.
Duran Duran ( ) are an English new wave and synth-pop band formed in Birmingham in 1978.
 The band grew from alternative sensations in 1982 to mainstream pop stars by 1984.
 By the end of the decade, membership and music style changes challenged the band before a resurgence in the early 1990s.
 The group were a leading band in the MTV-driven "Second British Invasion" of the US.
 The band achieved 14 singles in the top 10 of the UK Singles Chart and 21 in the "Billboard" Hot 100, and have sold over 70 million records worldwide.
"Notorious" is the 14th single by Duran Duran.
 It was released internationally by EMI on 20 October 1986.
 "Notorious" was the first single issued from the album "Notorious", and the first released by Duran Duran as a 3-piece band after the departure of Roger and Andy Taylor.
 It was a success worldwide, reaching #7 in the UK, and #2 on the US Billboard Hot 100, behind "Walk Like an Egyptian" by The Bangles, and was a success in various other countries.
The Nip Drivers were an American punk rock band formed in 1980 in Torrance, California.
 The band was the brainchild of lead singer Mike Webber, and for a time included guitarist Kurt Schellenbach, Janus Jones on bass, and Nick Passiglia on drums, though the lineup at any given time was fluid.
 They played fast hardcore punk, often infused with humor and a total lack of political correctness.
 In addition to their own compositions, they recorded sometimes improbable covers of pop hits such as Olivia Newton-John’s “Have You Never Been Mellow,” Duran Duran's "Rio," and Sweet’s “Fox on the Run”.
 The last is heard on the soundtrack of the 1984 film "Desperate Teenage Lovedolls".
 The band also made a cameo appearance in the 1985 film "Echo Park" starring Susan Dey and Tom Hulce.
"Only After Dark" is a compilation album that was compiled by Nick Rhodes and John Taylor from Duran Duran, and recreates a night at Birmingham's Rum Runner nightclub, during the post punk days of the late 70s/early 80s when a new sound of glam/punk/electronica started to crystallize.
 The CD captures some of the discs that Nick spun when he was deejaying for £10 a night at the club and Duran Duran were the resident band.
 The inspiration for it came when in 2000 John and Nick spent hours selecting 50 tracks for a 4-hour radio broadcast entitled "A Night At The Rum Runner".
 The 18 track CD was released on 8 May 2006 and presented in a silver gatefold card sleeve in shocking pink metallic print featuring photographs taken from this period, first published in the book "Duran Duran Unseen" by Paul Edmond, the front cover photo being of fashion designer Patti Bell.
"The Chauffeur" is a Duran Duran song from their second album "Rio".
 The lyrics were first written by Simon Le Bon as a poem in 1978, two years before he joined the band.
 Two different versions of the song were originally recorded by Duran Duran, and the song has been covered by three mainstream artists.
 Two music videos of the song have been made at different times, by different directors.
 Unusually for the band, the song's title does not appear anywhere in the song's lyrics, but the refrain from the song has been used by Duran Duran as the title of both a tour video and a book.
The Essential Collection is a compilation album released in 2000 by the band Duran Duran.
 It was re-released in 2007 and almost exclusively covers material from their first two albums, "Duran Duran" and "Rio".
El Presidente (also written El Pres!dente) was a pop rock band from Glasgow, Scotland.
 Formed in 2002 by Gun member Dante Gizzi, the band gained major exposure with slots at T in the Park 2005, V Festival 2005 and again at T in the Park in 2006.
 The band have also supported Oasis, Duran Duran, Simple Minds and Kasabian on major tours of the UK.
