Westbury is a village and parish in Shropshire, England.
 It includes the settlements of Caus Forest, Lake, Marche, Newtown, Stoney Stretton, Vennington, Wallop, Westbury, Whitton, Winsley and Yockleton.
 It lies 8 miles west of the town of Shrewsbury, very close to the Wales-England border.
 It is located at 135m altitude.
 It had a population of 1,352 according to the 2011 census.
 In 2005, Westbury parish expanded with the annexation of half of the former Wollaston parish.
The River Ceiriog (Welsh: "Afon Ceiriog" ) is an 18 mi long river in north east Wales.
 It is a tributary of the River Dee.
 It rises at an altitude of around 1800 ft on the south east slopes of Moel Fferna in the Berwyn Mountains, and flows through the Ceiriog Valley in Wrexham County Borough.
 It flows below Chirk Castle and the town of Chirk, where the Chirk Aqueduct carries the Llangollen Canal over the river.
 The Ceiriog joins the Dee east of the town.
 In its lower reaches the river forms the border between Wales and Shropshire in England.
 Home to a Trout fishing club, the river and its valley were described by British Prime Minister David Lloyd George as "a little bit of heaven on earth".
 As well as being a home to trout the first grayling to be artificially reared in Wales were released into the river in 2009.
Alston is a small town in Cumbria, England, within the civil parish of Alston Moor on the River South Tyne.
 It shares the title of the 'highest market town in England', at about 1,000 ft above sea level, with Buxton, Derbyshire.
 Despite being at such an altitude and in a remote location, the town is easily accessible via the many roads which link the town to Weardale valley, Teesdale, Hartside Pass (and towns in Cumbria such as Penrith) as well as the Tyne valley.
 Historically part of Cumberland, Alston lies within the North Pennines, a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and is surrounded by beautiful views of the surrounding fells and the South Tyne Valley.
 Much of the town centre is a designated Conservation Area which includes several listed buildings.
Mappowder is a village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southern England.
 It lies within the North Dorset administrative district, approximately 9 mi south-east of the town of Sherborne.
 The parish covers about 1900 acre at an altitude of 75 to .
 It is sited on Corallian limestone soil at the southern edge of the Blackmore Vale, close to the northern scarp face of the Dorset Downs.
 In the 2011 census the parish had 71 dwellings, 69 households and a population of 166.
Moorhouse and Cross Fell is a Site of Special Scientific Interest covering an extensive area of moorland in the Wear Valley district of west County Durham and the Eden district of Cumbria, England.
 It is contiguous with Upper Teesdale SSSI to the east and Appleby Fells SSSI to the south.
 The area covered extends roughly from an arc through the villages of Gamblesby, Leadgate and Garrigill southward as far as Milburn in the west and Cow Green Reservoir in the east.
 It includes the whole of Cross Fell, the summit of which, at 893 metres asl, is the highest point in the Pennines and in England outside the Lake District.
Birtley is a hamlet in Shropshire, England.
 It is situated a short distance to the west of the village of Ticklerton, in countryside to the south-east of the market town of Church Stretton.
 It lies within the civil parish of Eaton-under-Heywood, at an altitude of 195 m .
Alston Moor is a civil parish, also electoral ward in Cumbria, England, based around the small town of Alston.
 It is set in the moorlands of the North Pennines, mostly at an altitude of over 1000 feet.
 The parish/ward had a population of 2,088 at the 2011 census.
 As well as the town of Alston, the parish includes the villages of Garrigill and Nenthead, along with the hamlets of Nenthall, Nentsberry, Galligill, Blagill, Ashgill, Leadgate, Bayles and Raise.
 Alston Moor is part of the North Pennines Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB), the second largest of the 40 AONBs in England and Wales.
Stockton St John's F.C. was an association football club based in the town of Stockton-on-Tees, England.
 The team joined the second division of the Northern League in 1898 following the resignation of Leadgate Exiles, and won the title in their first season.
 Despite finishing as runners-up to Darlington in the First Division in 1899–1900, Stockton St John's subsequently struggled in the league and finished bottom of the table in 1902.
 Three matches into the 1903–04 campaign, the club resigned from the Northern League and were replaced by Shildon Athletic.
 Stockton St John's participated in the FA Cup on five occasions between 1899 and 1904, but never progressed past the First Qualifying Round.
Leadgate is a small hamlet located at the foot of Hartside Fell between the town of Alston and the village of Garrigill in the parish of Alston Moor in Cumbria, England.
Compton County is an historical county in southeastern Quebec, Canada on the western flanks of the Appalachian Mountains on the Canada–United States border.
 It is in the Estrie (Eastern Townships) region of the province and was named in 1793 after a town in Surrey, England by British officers who were convinced of the agricultural potential of the area.
 The county seat is Cookshire.
 Mount Megantic (altitude 1111 m) has an observatory operated by the Université de Montréal at its peak, which is accessible only from an adjacent county.
 In the early 1980s the County was dissolved, most of it becoming part of the
