Joe Wiegand (born April 15, 1965) is an impersonator who has portrayed U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt in all fifty U.S. states, after a career as a political consultant.
 Wiegan performed at the White House on October 27, 2008 as part of the celebration of the 150th anniversary of Roosevelt's birth.
 He also modeled for a new Theodore Roosevelt sculpture commissioned the American Museum of Natural History.
 Wiegand is also a member and contributor to Theodore Roosevelt Association.
Theodore Roosevelt Jr. ( ; October 27, 1858 – January 6, 1919) was an American statesman, author, explorer, soldier, naturalist, and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909.
 He also served as the 25th Vice President of the United States from March to September 1901 and as the 33rd Governor of New York from 1899 to 1900.
 As a leader of the Republican Party during this time, he became a driving force for the Progressive Era in the United States in the early 20th century.
 His face is depicted on Mount Rushmore, alongside those of George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and Abraham Lincoln.
The Presidents Race is a promotional event held at every Washington Nationals home game at Nationals Park, and previously at RFK Stadium, in the middle of the fourth inning.
 The Presidents Race features likenesses of six former Presidents of the United States, four of whom are found on Mount Rushmore: George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Thomas Jefferson, and Theodore Roosevelt, plus William Howard Taft, Calvin Coolidge (retired after 2015 season) and Herbert Hoover (retired after 2016 season).
 Their nicknames are George, Abe, Tom, Teddy, Bill, Calvin and Herbie.
 The Presidents are typically dressed in Nationals jerseys numbered according to their term as president (1 for George, 3 for Tom, 16 for Abe, 26 for Teddy, 27 for Bill, 30 for Calvin and 31 for Herbie) and topped with giant foam caricature heads.
 On Sundays, they usually wear period costumes, often referred to as their "Sunday Best" outfits.
 The most recent addition was that of Herbert Hoover on April 10, 2016.
The Theodore Roosevelt Cyclopedia is a comprehensive project to publish, in one collection, the significant sayings, important conversations and writings (less his letters) of the 26th President of the United States, Theodore Roosevelt.
 Originally conceived by Dr. Albert Bushnell Hart, a history professor at Harvard University, a personal friend of Roosevelt and member of the Roosevelt Memorial Association, now known as the Theodore Roosevelt Association, Hart's goal was, in his words, to "present in alphabetical arrangement, extracts sufficiently numerous and comprehensive to display all the phases of (Theodore) Roosevelt's activities and opinions as expressed by him."
 A primitive on-line version of the original work is also maintained by the TRA.
 Online but quite primitive version of the Cyclopedia at the Theodore Roosevelt Association web site with no look-up features
Theodore Roosevelt Lake (usually called Roosevelt Lake, sometimes Lake Roosevelt) is a large reservoir formed by Theodore Roosevelt Dam on the Salt River in Arizona as part of the Salt River Project (SRP).
 Located roughly 80 miles (130 km) northeast of Phoenix in the Salt River Valley, Theodore Roosevelt is the largest lake or reservoir located entirely within the state of Arizona (Lake Mead and Lake Powell are larger but both are located partially within the neighboring states of Nevada and Utah respectively).
 Both the reservoir and the masonry dam that created it, Roosevelt Dam, were named for U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt who dedicated the dam himself in March 1911.
 Roosevelt Lake is a popular recreation destination within the Tonto National Forest, as such the facilities located at this lake are managed by that authority.
Theodore Roosevelt VI (born circa 1976), known as Theodore Roosevelt V, is an American businessman and environmentalist.
 Theodore is a great-great-grandson of 26th US President Theodore Roosevelt and through his ancestor Cornelius Van Schaack, Jr., he is a descendant of the Schuyler family.
Mount Rushmore National Memorial is a sculpture carved into the granite face of Mount Rushmore, a batholith in the Black Hills in Keystone, South Dakota, United States.
 Sculptor Gutzon Borglum created the sculpture's design and oversaw the project's execution from 1927 to 1941 with the help of his son, Lincoln Borglum, and Chief Carver Luigi del Bianco.
 Mount Rushmore features 60 ft sculptures of the heads of four United States presidents: George Washington (1732–1799), Thomas Jefferson (1743–1826), Theodore Roosevelt (1858–1919), and Abraham Lincoln (1809–1865).
 The memorial park covers 1278.45 acre and is 5725 ft above sea level.
General Philip Sheridan is a bronze sculpture that honors Civil War general Philip Sheridan.
 The monument was sculpted by Gutzon Borglum, best known for his design of Mount Rushmore.
 Dedicated in 1908, dignitaries in attendance at the unveiling ceremony included President Theodore Roosevelt, members of the President's cabinet, high-ranking military officers and veterans from the Civil War and Spanish–American War.
 The equestrian statue is located in the center of Sheridan Circle in the Sheridan-Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, D.C. The bronze statue, surrounded by a plaza and park, is one of eighteen Civil War monuments in Washington, D.C., which were collectively listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The sculpture and surrounding park are owned and maintained by the National Park Service, a federal agency of the Interior Department.
John Gutzon de la Mothe Borglum (March 25, 1867 – March 6, 1941) was an American artist and sculptor.
 He is most associated with his creation of the Mount Rushmore National Memorial at Mount Rushmore, South Dakota.
 He was associated with other public works of art, including a bust of Abraham Lincoln exhibited in the White House by Theodore Roosevelt and now held in the United States Capitol Crypt in Washington, D.C..
The Roosevelts: An Intimate History is a 2014 American documentary film directed and produced by Ken Burns.
 It covers the lives and times of the Roosevelt family, including Theodore Roosevelt, a Republican and the 26th President of the United States; Franklin D. Roosevelt, a Democrat and the 32nd President of the United States, a cousin of Theodore; and Eleanor Roosevelt, the longest-serving First Lady of the United States, a niece of Theodore who had wed Franklin.
 As a result of the influence of Theodore and Franklin as Presidents, as well as Eleanor as First Lady, a modern democratic state of equal opportunity was begun in the United States.
 The documentary film begins with the birth of Theodore in 1858 and ends with the death of Eleanor in 1962.
