The Thunderbolts Way is a 290 km country road located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The road links Gloucester to Walcha (where it crosses the Oxley Highway), Uralla, where it very briefly joins the New England Highway and, to Copes Creek, 16 km south of the Gwydir Highway intersection at Inverell.
 The road is fully sealed and passes through thickly forested mountain areas with many nearby national parks and nature reserves.
Highway 2 is a provincial highway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 It is the longest Saskatchewan Highway, at 809 km (503 mi).
 The highway is partially divided and undivided.
 However, only about 18 km near Moose Jaw, 11 km near Chamberlain, and 21 km near Prince Albert are divided highway.
 Highway 2 is a major north-south route, beginning at the Canada–US border at the Port of West Poplar River, and Opheim, Montana customs checkpoints.
 Montana Highway 24 continues south.
 The town of La Ronge delimits the northern terminus with Highway 102 continuing north.
 It passes through the major cities of Moose Jaw in the south and Prince Albert in the north.
 Highway 2 overlaps Highway 11 between the towns of Chamberlain and Findlater.
 This 11 km section of road is a wrong-way concurrency.
 The highway ends at La Ronge, where it becomes Highway 102.
Port Macquarie is a coastal town in the local government area of Port Macquarie-Hastings.
 It is located on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales, Australia, about 390 km north of Sydney, and 570 km south of Brisbane.
 The town is located on the Tasman Sea coast, at the mouth of the Hastings River, and at the eastern end of the Oxley Highway (B56).
 The town with its suburbs had a population of 45,698 in June 2016.
Carroll is a parish and small village on the Oxley Highway, 20 km east of Gunnedah, New South Wales.
 At the 2011 census , Carroll had a population of 176 people.
 The Namoi River runs approximately parallel to the highway which is also the main street there.
 Periodically this river floods the town and surrounding area, forcing the closure of the Oxley Highway.
 The surrounding area is part of the Liverpool Plains region.
 Carroll is an Aboriginal word for 'forked tree'.
North Carolina Highway 42 (NC 42) is a 223 mi state highway and a semi-urban traffic artery connecting Asheboro, Sanford, Clayton, Wilson and Ahoskie as well as many small to medium-sized towns throughout Central and Eastern North Carolina.
 The highway is primarily rural, avoiding larger cities such as Raleigh.
 NC 42 begins at Interstate 73 (I-73)/I-74/US Highway 220 (US 220) on the western side of Asheboro.
 From there the highway runs southeast toward Sanford.
 Running through the heart of Sanford, NC 42 intersects several major highways such as US 1 and US 421.
 Leaving Sanford the highway runs along the southern side of the Triangle Area, while servicing the smaller towns of Fuquay-Varina and Clayton.
 Further east the highway intersects both I-95 and US 264, shortly before entering into central Wilson.
 Leaving Wilson the highway continues to the northeast, and intersects US 258 near Crisp.
 North of intersecting US 64, NC 42 begins a concurrency with NC 11 from Hassell to western Ahoskie.
 Nearing Ahoskie the highway turns to the east and runs south of the center of the town.
 NC 42 follows concurrently with US 13 southeast to Powellville.
 Nearing its eastern terminus the highway turns east along its own routing until reaching NC 45 in Colerain where the highway ends.
The Apsley Falls are two waterfalls on the Apsley River in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The falls are located about 20 km east of Walcha, and 1 kilometre off the Oxley Highway in a deep gorge, that is part of the Oxley Wild Rivers National Park.
 They are the first falls in a succession of dramatic drops in an area that has some of the most remarkable scenery in Eastern Australia.
 The first drop of the falls is about 65 m in depth, and the second, which is about 800 m further on, plummets 58 m metres to the bottom of the gorge.
Krakau (German) or Krakow (Sorbian) was a small town in what is now the district of Bautzen in Saxony, Germany.
 It was located within the Sorbian area, where many inhabitants traditionally speak the West Slavic Sorbian language, and it shared its name with the much larger Polish city.
 The town was entirely vacated in 1938 when the area became a military training area.
 After the war, the town was briefly repopulated, before the Soviet occupation troops again evicted the inhabitants to resume use of the area for military purposes.
 The town was destroyed.
The Oxley Highway is a rural highway in New South Wales, Australia.
 It starts at Nevertire where it joins the Mitchell Highway.
 It links Nevertire, Warren, Gilgandra, Coonabarabran, Gunnedah, Carroll, Tamworth, Bendemeer, Walcha, Yarrowitch, Ellenborough, Long Flat, Wauchope and ends at Port Macquarie on the coast of the Tasman Sea.
Cottan-Bimbang is a national park in New South Wales, Australia, 443 km north of Sydney and 65 km south east of Walcha and was formerly a state forest.
 The Oxley Highway crosses the park south of Werrikimbe National Park.
 Myrtle Scrub Road is a 15 kilometre circuit in the west of the park that connects with the Oxley Highway.
Nevertire is a rural village in New South Wales, Australia.
 It is located at the junction of the Mitchell Highway and the Oxley Highway, in Warren Shire.
 Nevertire is about 525 kilometres northwest of Sydney, 68 km north-west of Narromine and about 90 km from Dubbo.
 It is about 20 km south-west of Warren on the western end of the Oxley Highway.
 At the 2011 census, Nevertire had a population of 225 people.
