3rd Bass was an American hip-hop group that rose to fame in the late 1980s and early 1990s, and was notable for being one of the first successful interracial hip-hop groups.
 They split up in 1992 and again in 2000 after a failed reunion.
 The group released two studio albums in their initial career and both of them were certified gold by the RIAA.
The discography of British singer-songwriter Gabrielle Aplin, consists of two studio albums, four extended plays, three live albums and five singles.
 Her first release was the 5-track "Acoustic EP" which was released on the iTunes Store on 13 September 2010.
 Her second EP "Never Fade" was released on 9 May 2011 and saw Aplin expand her sound, showcasing a more folk rock sound and playing all instruments herself.
 In April 2011, Aplin was invited to perform for "BBC Introducing" at Maida Vale Studios, where she played 3 tracks from "Never Fade" and a cover of the Coldplay song "Fix You".
 Aplin released her third EP, "Home", on 9 January 2012.
 On 29 February 2012, Aplin announced that she had signed to Parlophone.
 Aplin was confirmed as the soundtrack to the John Lewis 2012 Christmas television advertisement, covering Frankie Goes to Hollywood's "The Power of Love", the song reached number one on the UK Singles Chart.
 On 12 December 2012, Aplin announced that the title of her debut album would be "English Rain".
 In addition, she also unveiled its artwork and release date of 29 April 2013.
 However, the album's release date was later confirmed as 13 May 2013.
 Aplin announced live on 17 February Radio 1 Chart Show that her third single would be "Panic Cord".
 The song originally featured on her Never Fade EP and it was released on 5 May 2013, charting at number 19 on the UK Singles Chart.
 "English Rain" charted at number 2 on both the UK Albums Chart and Scottish Albums Chart, while reaching number on the Irish Albums Chart.
 In 2014, Aplin released her "English Rain EP" in the United States.
 The EP was released on the 6th of May and features 5 songs from her debut album, as well as a cover of Canadian singer Joni Mitchell's "A Case of You".
 In 2015, Aplin released her second studio album entitled "Light Up the Dark".
 "Light Up the Dark" debuted at number 14 on the UK Albums Chart.
American singer Madonna has released thirteen studio albums, three soundtrack albums, five live albums, six compilation albums, and thirty-four other limited releases.
 In 1982, Madonna signed a recording contract with Sire Records, a label owned by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 The first release under the label was her self-titled debut album, "Madonna" (1983).
 It peaked at number eight on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified five times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 She followed the debut album with the sophomore release, "Like a Virgin" (1984).
 The album topped the chart in several countries and was certified diamond by the RIAA. "
True Blue" was released as her third studio album in 1986 and sold over 25 million copies worldwide, while becoming her second chart topper in US.
 In 1987, she released two albums that reached platinum status in the United States: the "Who's That Girl soundtrack" and her first remix compilation, "You Can Dance".
 Madonna's fourth studio album, "Like a Prayer" (1989), became her third number-one album on the "Billboard" 200, achieving quadruple platinum in US.
The Cactus Al/Bum (also known as The Cactus Cee/D and The Cactus Cas/Ette depending on release format) is the debut album by hip hop trio 3rd Bass, released on Def Jam Recordings on November 14, 1989.
 The album received positive reviews from the hip hop press, and the group gained some publicity by being arguably the second white group to achieve hip hop credibility, after the Beastie Boys.
 It was certified gold by the RIAA on April 24, 1990, the same day as Biz Markie's "The Biz Never Sleeps", which was released two weeks prior to "The Cactus Album".
The discography of Public Enemy, an American hip hop group, consists of thirteen studio albums, two live albums, four compilation albums, two remix albums, one soundtrack album, four video albums, thirty-nine singles, four promotional singles and thirty-nine music videos.
 The group released their debut studio album, "Yo!
 Bum Rush the Show", in February 1987; it peaked at number 125 on the United States "Billboard" 200.
 The album spawned the singles "Public Enemy No. 1" and "You're Gonna Get Yours".
 Public Enemy released their second studio album, "It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back", in April 1988.
 The album peaked at number 42 on the "Billboard" 200.
 It has since sold 1.3 million copies in the US, earning a platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Four of the album's singles charted on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart: "Bring the Noise", "Don't Believe the Hype", "Night of the Living Baseheads" and "Black Steel in the Hour of Chaos".
 The former three, along with the single "Rebel Without a Pause", also charted in the United Kingdom.
German singer Yvonne Catterfeld has released seven studio albums, two compilation albums, two video albums, and seventeen singles (including two as a featured artist).
 After finishing second in the inaugural season of the television competition "Stimme 2000", she was signed to a recording deal with Hansa Records.
 In 2001, she released her debut single "Bum" under her stage name Catterfeld; the song failed to chart in any music market.
 Her debut album "Meine Welt" (2003) was preceded by four further single, including "Niemand sonst" and "Gefühle", both of which reached the top forty of the German Albums Chart, and "Für Dich" which reached number one in Austria, Germany, and Switzerland and marked her commercial breakthrough.
 "Meine Welt" went Platinum in Germany and earned a Gold certification in Austria and Switzerland.
Brandon Hughes (born September 25, 1980), better known by his stage name 6 Tre G is an American hip hop recording artist, record producer, and CEO from Fayette, Alabama.
 He is also the founder and CEO of Mazerati Records.
 6 Tre G has released many studio albums Don Mazerati, Boss Muzik, El Trapo and many more.
Taiwanese singer Jolin Tsai ( ) has released thirteen studio albums, seven greatest hits albums, six live albums, four remix albums, and one cover album.
 In 1999, Tsai signed a recording deal with Universal Music Taiwan.
 The first release under the label was her debut album, "1019" (1999).
 It sold more than 400,000 copies in Taiwan alone.
 She followed the album with the sophomore release, "Don't Stop" (2000).
 The album has sold more than 450,000 copies in Taiwan alone, becoming her best-selling album in Taiwan of her career to this date. "
Show Your Love" was a released as her third studio album in 2000 and sold over 260,000 copies in Taiwan alone.
 Tsai's fourth studio album, "Lucky Number" (2001), sold more than 150,000 copies in Taiwan alone, Her remaining contract with Universal ended with two albums: her first greatest hits album, "Together", and her first remix compilation, "Dance Collection" (2002).
The Sugababes are an English girl group formed in 1998 by Siobhán Donaghy, Mutya Buena and Keisha Buchanan.
 Their debut album, "One Touch", was released in the UK through London Records on 27 November 2000.
 The album achieved moderate success, peaking at number 26 in April 2001 and eventually being certified Gold.
 In 2001, Donaghy departed the group amid rumours of a rift with Buchanan and the group were dropped by their record label.
 With the introduction of Heidi Range, former member of fellow English girl group Atomic Kitten, the group began to experience a higher level of commercial success whilst keeping the critical acclaim they had achieved with their debut album.
 They released three studio albums before Buena announced her departure in December 2005, leading to Amelle Berrabah being brought in to replace her.
 Following the release of their first greatest hits album, the new line-up released two studio albums.
 In September 2009, after 11 years in the Sugababes, Buchanan, the final original member, was replaced by former UK Eurovision entry Jade Ewen.
 Range, Berrabah and Ewen released the group's seventh studio album, "Sweet 7", in 2010, after which they signed to RCA Records, before announcing an indefinite hiatus in 2011.
 In 2013, Ewen confessed that the Sugababes had split two years earlier.
 The original line-up of the band reformed in 2011, under the new name Mutya Keisha Siobhan.
Toshiki Kadomatsu (角松敏生 , Kadomatsu Toshiki ) (born 12 August 1960) is a Japanese rock/R&B singer-songwriter, musician, and producer.
 He has released many studio albums, as well as several instrumental and live albums.
 He studied Philosophy at Nihon University.
 He has been active since at least 1981 and is still active, having released his most recent album in March 2012.
 In 1987 he released the hit instrumental album "SEA IS A LADY" which charted at #4.
 He has written and produced music for other artists, including "You're My Only Shinin' Star" by Miho Nakayama, which reached #1 on the Oricon weekly charts and stayed there for 18 weeks.
 He composed the music for the 2002 film "Shiroi-fune".
