The Faculty of History at the University of Oxford organises that institution's teaching and research in modern history.
 Medieval and Modern History has been taught at Oxford for longer than at virtually any other University, and the first Regius Professor of Modern History was appointed in 1724.
 The Faculty is part of the Humanities Division, and has been based at the former City of Oxford High School for Boys on George Street, Oxford since the summer of 2007, while the department's Library was removed from the former Indian Institute on Catte Street to the main Bodleian buildings at the start of 2013.
The Syrian National Congress, also called the Pan-Syrian Congress, was convened in May 1919 in Damascus, Syria, after the expulsion of the Ottoman Empire from the area.
 The mission of the Congress was to consider the future of "Syria", by which was meant Greater Syria: present-day Syria, Lebanon, Israel, Palestine, and Jordan.
 The Congress also intended to present Arab views to the American King-Crane Commission of inquiry.
 The Congress was considered the first national parliament in the modern history of Syria.
Omukama of Bunyoro is the title given to rulers of the East African kingdom of Bunyoro-Kitara.
 The kingdom lasted as an independent state from the 16th to the 19th century.
 The Omukama of Bunyoro remains an important figure in Ugandan politics, especially among the Banyoro people of whom he is the titular head.
 He is closely related to the Omukama of Toro Kingdom.
The Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem was a crusader state established in the Southern Levant by Godfrey of Bouillon in 1099 after the First Crusade.
 The kingdom lasted nearly two hundred years, from 1099 until 1291 when the last remaining possession, Acre, was destroyed by the Mamluks, but its history is divided into two distinct periods.
 The sometimes so-called First Kingdom of Jerusalem lasted from 1099 to 1187, when it was almost entirely overrun by Saladin.
 After the subsequent Third Crusade, the kingdom was re-established in Acre in 1192, and lasted until that city's destruction in 1291, except for a brief two decades which Frederick II of Hohenstaufen reclaimed Jerusalem back into Christian hands after the Sixth Crusade.
 This second kingdom is sometimes called the Second Kingdom of Jerusalem or the Kingdom of Acre, after its new capital.
The historic region of Syria (Hieroglyphic Luwian: "Sura/i"; ; in modern literature called Greater Syria, Syria-Palestine, or the Levant) is an area located east of the Mediterranean sea.
 The oldest attestation of the name Syria is from the 8th century BC in a bilingual inscription in Hieroglyphic Luwian and Phoenician.
 In this inscription the Luwian word "Sura/i" was translated to Phoenician "ʔšr" "Assyria."
 For Herodotus in the 5th century BC, Syria extended as far north as the Halys river and as far south as Arabia and Egypt.
 For Pliny the Elder and Pomponius Mela, Syria covered the entire Fertile Crescent.
 In Late Antiquity Syria meant a region located to the East of the Mediterranean Sea, West of the Euphrates River, North of the Arabian Desert and South of the Taurus Mountains, thereby including modern Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, Israel, the State of Palestine and parts of Southern Turkey namely the Hatay Province and the Western half of the Southeastern Anatolia Region.
 This late definition is equivalent to the region known in Classical Arabic by the name "ash-Shām " الشام /ʔaʃ-ʃaːm/ , which means "the north [country]" (from the root "šʔm " شأم "left, north").
 After the Islamic conquest of Byzantine Syria in the 7th century AD, the name "Syria" fell out of primary use in the region itself, being superseded by the Arabic equivalent "Shām", but survived in its original sense in Byzantine and Western European usage, and in Syriac Christian literature.
 In the 19th century the name Syria was revived in its modem Arabic form to denote the whole of Bilad al-Sham, either as "Suriyah" or the modern form "Suriyya", which eventually replaced the Arabic name of Bilad al-Sham.
 After World War I, the name Syria was applied to the French Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon and the contemporaneous but short-lived Arab Kingdom of Syria.
The Omukama of Toro is the name given to rulers of the East African kingdom of Toro.
 The kingdom lasted as an independent state from the 16th to the 19th century.
 Although no longer the ruler of a state, the Omukama of Toro remains an important figure in Ugandan politics, especially among the Toro people of whom he is the titular head.
 He is closely related to the Omukama of Bunyoro.
The Ganzhou Uyghur Kingdom, also referred to as the Hexi Uyghurs, was established in 894 around Gan Prefecture in modern Zhangye.
 The kingdom lasted from 894 to 1036; during that time, many of Ganzhou's residents converted to Buddhism.
The Gouding (句町 ) Kingdom lasted approximately 400 years, from 111 BC to 316 AD, and was centered on Guangnan County in modern Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.
The Herodian Dynasty was a royal dynasty of Idumaean (Edomite) descent, ruling the Herodian Kingdom and later the Herodian Tetrarchy, as vassals of the Roman Empire.
 The Herodian dynasty began with Herod the Great, who assumed the throne of Judea, with Roman support, bringing down the century long Hasmonean Kingdom.
 His kingdom lasted until his death in 4 BCE, when it was divided between his sons as a Tetrarchy, which lasted for about 10 years.
 Most of those tetrarchies, including Judea proper, were incorporated into Judaea Province from 6 CE, though limited Herodian "de facto" kingship continued until Agrippa I's death in 44 CE and nominal title of kingship continued until 92 CE, when the last Herodian monarch, Agrippa II, died and Rome assumed full power over his "de jure" domain.
The Arab Kingdom of Syria (Arabic: المملكة العربية السورية‎ ‎ , "al-Mamlakah al-‘Arabīyah as-Sūrīyah ") was the first modern Arab state to come into existence but only lasted a little over four months (8 March–24 July 1920).
 During its brief existence, the kingdom was led by Sharif Hussein bin Ali's son Faisal bin Hussein.
 Despite its claims to the territory of Greater Syria, Faisal's government controlled a limited area and was dependent on Britain which, along with France, generally opposed the idea of a Greater Syria and refused to recognize Faisal as its king.
 The kingdom surrendered to French forces on 24 July 1920.
