Mountain dog is a generic form of dog, a group of similar or related dog breeds or landraces typically from mountain environs of central Eurasia.
Herding Group is the name of a breed group of dogs, used by kennel clubs to classify a defined collection of dog breeds.
 It does not refer to one particular type of dog.
 How the "Herding Group" is defined varies among kennel clubs, and different kennel clubs may not include the same breeds in their "Herding Group".
 Some kennel clubs do not use the term "Herding Group".
 The international kennel club association, the Fédération Cynologique Internationale, does not have a "Herding Group", and includes most pastoral dogs in Group 1 "Sheepdogs and Cattle Dogs (except Swiss Cattle Dogs)" and Group 2 "Pinscher and Schnauzer - Molossoid Breeds - Swiss Mountain and Cattle Dogs".
The Romanian Raven Shepherd Dog is a very large Romanian livestock guardian dog, taxonomized within the second group of dog breeds - Pinscher and Schanuzer - Molossoid Breeds - Swiss Mountain and Cattle Dogs, section 2.2: Molossoid Breeds - Mountain type.
Tugou (土狗, pinyin: "tǔ gǒu"), literally means Native Dog in Mandarin Chinese, is the general name for several dog breeds originated from China and still abundantly exists across the country today.
 Tugou includes the most popular Chinese dog breed - the Chinese Field Dog (, pinyin: "zhōng huá tián yuán quǎn"), Chinese Chongqing Dog, Xiasi Dog, and several other native dog breeds distributed across China.
 They are roughly 45–50 cm tall at the shoulder.
Sennenhund, called Swiss mountain dogs or Swiss cattle dogs in English, are a type of dog originating in the Swiss Alps.
 The Sennenhund are farm dogs of the general molosser type.
 There are four breeds of Sennenhund, all sporting a unique tricolor coat.
 While the two larger ones share a heavy build and a calm temperament, the two smaller ones are more agile.
 The breeds range from medium in size to very large.
 The name Sennenhund refers to people called "Senn" or Senner, Swiss alpine herdsmen and dairymen, and does not translate as "mountain" or "cattle".
The Entlebucher Sennenhund or Entlebucher Mountain Dog is a medium-sized herding dog, it is the smallest of the four Sennenhunds, a dog type that includes four regional breeds.
 The name Sennenhund refers to people called "Senn", herders in the Swiss Alps.
 Entlebuch is a region in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
 The breed is also known in English as the Entelbuch Mountain Dog, Entelbucher Cattle Dog, and similar combinations.
The Bernese Mountain Dog (German: "Berner Sennenhund" ) is a large-sized breed of dog, one of the four breeds of Sennenhund-type dogs from the Swiss Alps.
 The name "Sennenhund" is derived from the German "Senne" ("alpine pasture") and "Hund" ("dog"), as they accompanied the alpine herders and dairymen called "Senn".
 "Berner" (or "Bernese" in English) refers to the area of the breed’s origin, in the canton of Bern.
 This mountain dog was originally kept as a general farm dog.
 Large Sennenhunde in the past were also used as draft animals, pulling carts.
 The breed was officially established in 1907.
 In 1937, the American Kennel Club recognized it; today, the club classifies it as a member of the Working Group.
The Greater Swiss Mountain Dog (German: "Grosser Schweizer Sennenhund" or French: "Grand Bouvier Suisse" ) is a dog breed which was developed in the Swiss Alps.
 The name "Sennenhund" refers to people called "Senn" or "Senner", dairymen and herders in the Swiss Alps.
 Greater Swiss Mountain Dogs are almost certainly the result of indigenous dogs mating with large mastiff types brought to Switzerland by foreign settlers.
 At one time, the breed was believed to have been among the most popular in Switzerland.
 It was assumed to have almost died out by the late 19th century, since its work was being done by other breeds or machines, but was rediscovered in the early 1900s.
Vulnerable Native Breeds are a group of dog breeds originating in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and identified by The Kennel Club (KC) as having annual registration numbers of 300 puppies or fewer.
 The need for such a list was first identified in June 2003, with research conducted by the KC to identify the extent of the vulnerability and viability of each breed.
 It was a joint project, with the KC working with the British and Irish Native Breeds Trust, later to be known simply as the Native Dog Breeds Trust.
 The breeds on the list have been promoted at events such as Discover Dogs and Crufts, and by asking that owners of these breeds mate their dogs rather than having them spayed.
Oscar The Grouch is a dog that was featured in a two-part series on the front page of the Wall St. Journal as the dog to root for at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show.
 Living in New York City, Oscar was able to walk to the dog show.
 Also seen on the opening promo for the Dog Show on the USA Network and on Bloomberg, Oscar is a top-ranked Greater Swiss Mountain Dog.
 Oscar is currently Facebook's top show dog with over 55,000 followers.
