The Loud Tour was the fourth overall and third world concert tour by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna.
 Performing in over twenty countries in the Americas and Europe, the tour was launched in support of Rihanna's fifth studio album "Loud" (2010) but eventually supported her following album "Talk that Talk" as it was released during the tour, in November 2011.
 Critics acclaimed the show for its liveliness and higher caliber of quality when compared to Rihanna's previous tours.
 The Loud Tour was a large commercial success, experiencing demand for an extension of shows in the United Kingdom due to popularity.
 In London, Rihanna played a record breaking 10 dates at The O2 Arena.
 The tour ultimately grossed an estimated value of US$90 million from 98 reported shows and a total audience of 1,200,800.
 The Loud Tour became the 7th highest grossing tour of 2011.
Barbadian recording artist Rihanna has embarked on four concert tours, three of which have been worldwide.
 Her 2006 debut, was based in North America only and supported her first and second studio album, "Music of the Sun" (2005) and "A Girl like Me" (2006).
 The tour lasted for three months, through which Rihanna performed 36 shows.
 The same year, Rihanna continued to tour as a special guest on the PCD World Tour with Pussycat Dolls, Roc the Block Tour with Jay-Z and Ne-Yo, and the Monkey Business Tour with Black Eyed Peas.
 In the period from 2007 till 2009, she performed on the worldwide Good Girl Gone Bad Tour in a support of her third studio album with same name.
 During the tour, Rihanna visited Europe, North America, Oceania, Asia and Africa.
 It featured Rihanna presenting completely different style and wearing leather outfits.
 The Good Girl Gone Bad Tour sparked controversy in Malaysia where the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party recommended that Rihanna's concert tour should be banned due her provocative outfits.
 A DVD, titled "Good Girl Gone Bad Live" was released on June 16, 2008.
 It features the show from Evening News Arena in Manchester, England, held on December 6, 2007.
Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection is a reissue of American singer Katy Perry's third studio album "Teenage Dream" (2010).
 It was released on March 23, 2012 by Capitol Records, nearly two years after the original album.
 Perry collaborated with producers including Tricky Stewart to refine leftover material from the recording sessions at Playback Recording Studio for "Teenage Dream".
 The final product features three newly recorded songs, which incorporate pop styles previously seen in the original album, an acoustic version of "The One That Got Away" and three additional official remixes.
Decas is a compilation album by the American metal band As I Lay Dying.
 It features three newly recorded songs, four cover songs, four remixes and one re-recording.
 The album was released through Metal Blade Records on November 4, 2011 in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland; on November 7 in the UK and the rest of Europe; and on November 8 in the US.
The Good Girl Gone Bad Tour was the second overall and first world concert tour by Barbadian singer Rihanna, in support of her third studio album "Good Girl Gone Bad".
 The setlist was composed of songs mostly from "Good Girl Gone Bad" but also included some songs from her first two albums.
 Akon was selected as the opening act for the Canadian dates of the North American leg, while Ciara and David Jordan supported the UK dates of the European leg.
 Chris Brown joined the tour during the Oceanian leg.
La Familia B Sides is the reissue of Colombian singer J Balvin's third studio album "La Familia" (2013).
 It was released on September 16, 2014, by Capitol Latin.
 Released eleven months after the original, "B Sides" features three newly recorded songs and three remixes.
A Wonderful Christmas with Ashanti is the second holiday album by American R&B recording artist Ashanti.
 Originally released to iTunes on December 3, 2013 as a five-song EP, the collection featured recordings from the Lifetime original movie "Christmas In The City".
 On October 27, 2014, it was re-issued as a full-length album in the form of a Deluxe Edition to digital retailers with three newly recorded songs.
 Furthermore, the album was given a physical release exclusively to Target stores in the U.S. on the same date, with an additional two exclusive songs.
 In a 2014 interview with "Arise Entertainment 360", Ashanti revealed that her parents, sister and cousin provided backing vocals for her rendition of "White Christmas", which was recorded for the expanded 2014 re-issue of the album.
Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded is the reissue of Barbadian singer Rihanna's third studio album "Good Girl Gone Bad" (2007).
 It was first released digitally in selected countries on June 2, 2008, by Def Jam Recordings and SRP Records.
 Launched to mark the first anniversary of the original album, "Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded" features three newly recorded songs and a DVD showing exclusive behind-the-scenes footage of Rihanna's worldwide tour, the Good Girl Gone Bad Tour (2007–2009).
 For the new material, she worked with past collaborators Ne-Yo, StarGate, and C. "Tricky" Stewart, as well as Brian Kennedy, Mark Endert, Mike Elizondo, Mark "Spike" Stent and Maroon 5.
Pluto 3D is the reissue of American recording artist Future's debut studio album "Pluto" (2012).
 It was released on November 27, 2012 by A1 Recordings, Freebandz Entertainment and Epic Records.
 Released seven months after its parent album.
 "Pluto 3D" features three newly recorded songs and two official remixes.
 During the following week of the re-release, "Pluto" rose to number 75 on the US "Billboard" 200, selling 11,000 copies.
Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded – The Re-Up is the reissue of Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj's second studio album "" (2012).
 It was released on November 19, 2012, by Young Money, Cash Money, and Republic Records.
 Released seven months after the original, "The Re-Up" features seven newly recorded songs and an exclusive behind-the-scenes footage DVD.
 The new material incorporates hip hop and R&B styles.
 As co-executive producer, Minaj enlisted collaborators Boi-1da, Juicy J and T-Minus.
