Y Pant School (Welsh: "Ysgol Y Pant" ) is an English medium 11–18 mixed comprehensive school in the village of Pontyclun near Llantrisant, maintained by the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, serving the areas of Pontyclun, Talbot Green, Llantrisant and Llanharry, in Wales.
Ninestiles School An Academy is a secondary school with academy status situated in Acocks Green, Birmingham, England.
 It is a mixed comprehensive academy with 1,400 students, including 60 in the sixth form.
 The current head teacher is Aimee Zaraa Pamala Slivia Johnson.
Ounsdale High School is an 11-18 mixed comprehensive secondary school located in Wombourne, Staffordshire, England.
 It is situated on Ounsdale Road in the west of the village, and stands on an adjacent site to the local leisure centre.
 It also has a sixth form for 16- to 19-year-olds, which has a recently built 6th form centre which was opened by the pop star Beverley Knight.
St Anne Within the Liberty of Westminster, also known as St Anne Soho, was a civil parish in the metropolitan area of London, England.
 The creation of the parish accompanied the building of St Anne's Church, Soho to meet the demands of the growing population.
 The parish was formed in 1687 from part of the ancient parish of St Martin in the Fields in the Liberty of Westminster and county of Middlesex.
 It included the eastern section of the contemporary districts of Soho to the north of Shaftesbury Avenue and Chinatown to the south of it.
 Initially controlled by a select vestry, the parish was governed by an open vestry of all inhabitants until 1855, when the vestry was superseded for most purposes by the Strand District Board of Works.
 In 1889 the parish became part of the County of London and in 1900 the local authority became Westminster City Council.
 The parish continued to have nominal existence until 1922.
Oaks Park High School is an 11-18 mixed comprehensive school situated in Newbury Park, Ilford.
 Opened in September 2001, Oaks Park now has over 1500 students, with over 300 in the Sixth Form.
Faringdon Community College is an 11 to 18 mixed comprehensive school on the edge of Faringdon, a market town in Oxfordshire, England.
 The college has a specialist status in Engineering.
St Anne's Academy is an 11–18 mixed comprehensive academy in Middleton area of the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale in Greater Manchester, United Kingdom.
 The school has specialist status in Information and Communication Technology.
 The School has 657 students on roll, with 98 in sixth form.
St Anne's Pier is a Victorian era pleasure pier in the English seaside resort of St Anne's-on-the-Sea, Lancashire.
 It lies on the estuary of the River Ribble.
 The pier, designed by A. Dowson, was completed in 1885 and was one of the earliest public buildings in St Anne's, a 19th-century planned town.
 The pier was originally intended to be a sedate promenading venue for the resort's visitors, but attractions were later added.
 Changes made to the estuary channels to improve access to Preston Dock left the pier on dry land and ended its steamer services to Blackpool and Liverpool.
St Birinus School, previously known as Didcot Boy's County Modern and Didcot Senior Boys, is a boys' comprehensive academy in Didcot, Oxfordshire, England.
 St Birinus was founded in 1936 as a secondary modern before becoming a comprehensive in 1973.
 In September 2012 the school became an academy with the same name.
 St. Birinus' key catchment area includes the town of Didcot and the surrounding rural area, from Harwell in the west to South Moreton in the east and from Long Wittenham in the north to Chilton in the south, however the school also caters for parents in other parts of Oxfordshire who wish their children to be educated in a single-sex environment.
 As of January 2016 the headteacher is John Marston.
 The school is a dual specialist technology college and language college.
Malton School is an 11-18 mixed comprehensive school of some 760 pupils (2010), serving the market town of Malton and the surrounding area in Ryedale, North Yorkshire, England.
