G-Unit Films and Television Inc. is an American film and television production company founded by rapper 50 Cent and Interscope in 2003.
 In 2008, 50 Cent stated in an interview that he has created his own independent film production company with Randall Emmett called Cheetah Vision, technically scrapping G-Unit Films.
 In 2010, Jackson revived G-Unit Films, renaming the company to G-Unit Films and Television Inc.
 The company has joint ventures with Will Packer’s production company Will Packer Productions and Universal Television.
 In over 18 months, Jackson has sold projects to six different networks.
 Among them was "Power", a STARZ drama in which he not only co-stars but also serves as co-creator and executive producer.
 “Power” debuted in June 2014 and was renewed for a second season after one episode.
 “Power’s” August 2 season finale garnered the high ratings through the season, more than doubling the premiere and it generated 71% of the African-American viewership of any scripted premium series since 2006.
 Jackson serves as a co‐star, co-creator and executive television producer of the STARZ network drama where he signed a 2 year contract with representation coming from the Agency for the Performing Arts.
 Ratings have been a success for Starz.
 with the second season premiere being the highest-ever season with 1.43 million people tuning in live.
 Jackson also serves as an executive television producer for "Dream School" for SundanceTV, a series that follows fifteen high school dropouts as they are taught by a series of celebrity "teachers".
Solar Films Inc Oy is Finnish film production company founded in 1995.
 Today, it is the leading production company in Finland in the fields of feature films and TV productions.
 Films produced by Solar Films have won altogether 23 Finnish film awards and five viewer poll awards for the most popular movie of the year.
 Besides feature films and television drama, Solar Films has also produced thousands of hours of TV entertainment for Finnish TV channels.
 The shareholders of Solar Films are Egmont Media Group and Markus Selin (Head of Production).
 In 2009 Solar Films bought the majority of production company Bronson Club.
Maverick was an entertainment company founded in 1992 by Madonna, Frederick DeMann and Veronica "Ronnie" Dashev.
 It was owned and operated by Warner Music Group.
 It included a recording company (Maverick Records), a film production company (Maverick Films), book publishing, music publishing, Latin record division (Maverick Musica) and a television production company.
 The first releases for the company were Madonna's 1992 coffee table publication, "Sex" and her studio album "Erotica" which were released simultaneously to great controversy.
Filmwala Pictures is a Pakistani Film Production Company which is based in Karachi; the Production house was founded by Fizza Ali Meerza, who also produces the films for the production company.
 Nabeel Qureshi has directed three films for the production company; "Na Maloom Afraad", and "Actor in Law".
 and "Na Maloom Afraad 2".
 Fizza Ali Meerza has also served as writer and producer for the films.
Jungle (formerly known as Jungleboys), is a production company owned by Executive Producer Jason Burrows, Writer / Director Trent O'Donnell, Writer/ Performer Phil Lloyd and Head of Production Chloe Rickard.
 Jungle produces TV commercials, TV programs, and branded entertainment.
 The Sydney-based production company specialises in comedy.
One Race Films (ORF), also known as One Race Productions, is a film production company established in 1995 in Los Angeles by actor, writer, director, and producer Vin Diesel.
 Tigon Studios, an interactive entertainment development studio established in 2002, and Racetrack Records, a record label, music studio, & production company, are wholly owned subsidiaries of One Race Films.
Wanda Media () is a Chinese film production company and distributor.
 In 2014, the company was the largest Chinese private film production company and second-largest overall Chinese production company in China by market share, with 3.17%, and the fifth-largest film distributor, with 5.2% of the market.
Desilu Productions ( ) was an American production company founded and co-owned by husband and wife Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball, best known for shows such as "I Love Lucy", "", and "The Untouchables".
 Until 1962, Desilu was the second-largest independent television production company in the U.S. behind MCA's Revue Productions until MCA bought Universal Pictures, and Desilu became and remained the number-one independent production company until being sold in 1967.
 Ball and Arnaz jointly owned the majority stake in Desilu from its inception until 1962, when Ball bought out Arnaz and ran the company by herself for several years.
 Ball had succeeded in making Desilu profitable again by 1967, when she sold her shares of Desilu to Gulf+Western for $17 million ($ in 2016 dollars).
 Gulf+Western then transformed Desilu into the television production arm of Paramount Pictures, rebranding the company as the original Paramount Television.
A. J. Carter (born 21 September 1980 as Adrian John Carter) is an Australian film director, screenwriter and producer.
 In his recent emerging career as a film director, his debut narrative short film Ronan's Escape awarded him and his production company a total of 13 international film award nominations and 10 award wins including several 'Best Film and "Best Director" awards.
 He is also the founder of the Smooth Motion Media Group, formerly known as Smooth Motion Films.
 Smooth Motion Media Group is based in Los Angeles, California, with two production company subsidiaries Dark Arts Entertainment (Motion Picture Film & Scripted Television production), and Primordial Entertainment (Reality, Science & Documentary Television).
The Indo British Film Co was a film production company set up by Dhirendra Nath Ganguly in 1918.
 It was the first Bengalee owned production company in India.
 The first production by the company was Bilat Ferat in 1921, directed by N.C. Lahiri.
