"Notorious" is a song by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays, released as the lead single from the third studio album, "On Your Radar".
 The song was written by Ina Wroldsen and Steve Mac, who also produced the song.
 The single was released digitally on 22 May 2011.
 "Notorious" was recorded in 2011 after the band were looking for a new sound to release in their third album.
 According to the lyrics in the song the band are loving life, they like to go out and enjoy themselves however they work hard and they all have a bad and naughty side to them.
 The lyrics of the song has been described as "playful".
 Vanessa White said the song was a more "grown up" approach to the music they have released before.
 The group performed the song live for the first time on "So You Think You Can Dance" and the song received its first radio airplay on "The Chris Moyles Show".
The Saturdays was a British-Irish girl group based in London, England.
 The group formed during the summer of 2007.
 The line up consisted of Frankie Bridge, Una Healy, Rochelle Humes, Mollie King and Vanessa White.
 They were formed through Fascination Records, who gave them an instant record deal with the label as well as a sub-division of Polydor Records.
 As soon as the contract was finalised The Saturdays went on tour with Girls Aloud during their Tangled Up Tour.
 The group's music style is pop, however throughout their career their management have experimented with dance-pop and electropop.
 To create this music, Ina Wroldsen, Steve Mac and Quiz & Larossi have been heavily involved.
"Missing You" is a song performed by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays, taken from their first EP, "Headlines!
".
 Written by Alexander Kronlund and Lukas Hilbert with production from Hilbert and James Reynolds, the song was released as the collection's lead single on 8 August 2010 as a digital download and on 9 August as a CD single.
 The lyrics centre on being in a relationship where the passion has died, but still being addicted to the love that used to exist.
 It features an electropop production, incorporating elements of synthpop.
 The group described the song as "an updated version of their sound" and was fun to record and experiment with.
 "Missing You is more out-there than that rest of ["Headlines!"]
."
Vanessa Karen White (born 30 October 1989) is an English singer-songwriter, dancer and actress.
 She rose to fame in 2008 as a member of British-Irish girl group The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records.
 The group have achieved substantial success with numerous top-ten hits as well as a number one single.
 She is the youngest member of the group.
British-Irish girl group Girls Aloud have embarked on six concert tours of the United Kingdom and Ireland, five of which were in arena-sized venues.
"Higher" is a song performed by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays taken from their debut extended play, "Headlines!
".
 Written by Ina Wroldsen and co-written & produced by Arnthor Birgisson, the song confirmed to be the EP's second single when it was released on 1 November 2010 by Fascination Records.
 In preparation for its release, the single was remixed to feature new vocals from American rapper Flo Rida after the rapper's single "Club Can't Handle Me" beat the group's previous single "Missing You" to number one; it was the second time they had lost the position to Flo Rida.
 Rochelle Wiseman jokingly said that the group would never get a number one until they collaborated with him.
"Forever Is Over" is a single by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays.
 The track was released by digital download on 3 October 2009, and CD single the following day.
 The song was written by, Louis Biancaniello, Kahmarl Gordon, Sam Watters, James Bourne and produced by The Runaways.
 It was released as the lead single from the group's second studio album "Wordshaker".
On Your Radar is the third studio album by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays.
 The album was released 21 November 2011 under Fascination Records.
 The album was recorded in Los Angeles and London.
 Steve Mac, who has been instrumental in the production of the band's previous albums, serves as a major collaborator.
 Additional producers and songwriters include Lucas Secon, Taio Cruz, Labrinth, Tracklacers, Space Cowboy, Brian Higgins and Lucie Silvas.
Headlines!
 is the debut EP by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays.
 It was released in Ireland on 13 August 2010 and in the United Kingdom on 16 August 2010 by Fascination Records.
 The collection includes previous singles "Forever Is Over" and "Ego" as well as a remix of "One Shot" from "Wordshaker" and five new songs recorded in 2010.
 One of these is a cover of the song "Died in Your Eyes", originally from Kristinia DeBarge's 2009 album "Exposed".
 The album was preceded by the release of the lead single "Missing You" on 5 August 2010.
 It became the group's seventh top-ten hit when it peaked at number three in the UK and number six in Ireland.
"Issues" is a mid-tempo pop / R&B song performed by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays.
 The song was written and produced by Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers.
 The single was released as the band's third official single, from their first studio album, "Chasing Lights".
 "Issues" was officially released on 5 January 2009 in the United Kingdom.
 The single gained to mixed reviews from pop music critics.
