Hermann Löns Stadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Paderborn, Germany located in the area Schloß Neuhaus and was opened in 1957.
 It had a capacity of up to 12,000 and was the home stadium of SC Paderborn 07 football club up until 2008 when it was replaced by the Benteler Arena.
Mikkeller is a microbrewery founded in 2006 in Copenhagen, Denmark that is based on the so-called "cuckoo", "phantom" or "gypsy" ethos; that is, the company does not operate an official brewery and, instead, collaborates with other brewers to produce their recipes or experimental one-off brews.
 The brewery was founded by two home brewers: Mikkel Borg Bjergsø, a high school teacher, and journalist Kristian Klarup Keller.
 Both sought to introduce their home-brewed beer to the public and to "challenge beer friends with intense new tastes", drawing inspiration from the American breweries that "aren't afraid to play and break all the rules".
Bavarian Brewing Company was a brewery established in Covington, Kentucky, in 1866 by Julius Deglow, but became known as the Bavarian Brewery in the 1870s.
 The brewery was originally located on Pike Street and the business expanded to include the 12th street property by 1877.
 The company also operated as the John Meyer Brewery and the Meyer-Riedlin Brewery before becoming incorporated at Bavarian Brewery Co. in 1889 by William Riedlin.
 The company was family owned until it was acquired by International Breweries, Inc.(IBI) in 1959.
 However, it operated as the Bavarian Division of IBI and continued to produce its flagship beer, Bavarian's, until the facility closed in 1966.
 The property was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 and rehabilitated shortly thereafter.
Vlezenbeek is a small town of 3,324 in the Flemish Brabant southwest of Brussels, Belgium.
 It is part of the municipality Sint-Pieters-Leeuw.
 It is the home of Neuhaus, an international exporter of fine Belgian chocolate, as well as Lindemans Brewery, a brewery that produces lambics, a distinctly Belgian type of beer.
Fallersleben Castle (German: "Schloss Fallersleben" ) is located in Wolfsburg in the German state of Lower Saxony and, together with Neuhaus and Wolfsburg Castles, is one of the most important historic buildings in the town.
 It is in the district of Fallersleben and forms an historic setting along with the castle lake, St. Michael's Church and the Old Brewery.
Santa Fe Brewing Company is a brewery located in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
 It was established in 1988 as New Mexico's first craft brewery and has since become the largest brewery in the state.
 Its beers are distributed throughout the Southwestern United States.
 In 2010, Santa Fe Brewing became the first brewery in New Mexico to produce canned beer.
A brewery or brewing company is a business that makes and sells beer.
 The place at which beer is commercially made is either called a brewery or a beerhouse, where distinct sets of brewing equipment are called plant.
 The commercial brewing of beer has taken place since at least 2500 BC; in ancient Mesopotamia, brewers derived social sanction and divine protection from the goddess Ninkasi.
 Brewing was initially a cottage industry, with production taking place at home; by the ninth century monasteries and farms would produce beer on a larger scale, selling the excess; and by the eleventh and twelfth centuries larger, dedicated breweries with eight to ten workers were being built.
The Yakel House and Union Brewery are a historic house and brewery complex located at 1421-1431 Pearl St. in Alton, Illinois.
 Philip Yakel, a German immigrant, built the brewery soon after coming to America in 1836.
 The brewery was the first in Alton and one of the city's earliest successful industries.
 Yakel's son George, who eventually ran the brewery alongside his father, built the house in 1863; it was the family's second home at the site.
 The brick home features a vernacular design influenced by German architectural tradition.
 William Netzhammer, a brewer from St. Louis, purchased the brewery in 1882.
 The Netzhammer family ran the brewery until it closed in 1952;, notably, the brewery continued production during Prohibition by making near beer.
Chimay Brewery ("Brasserie de Chimay") is a beer brewery in Chimay, southern Hainaut, Belgium.
 The brewery is located in the Scourmont Abbey, a Trappist monastery, and is one of the eleven breweries worldwide that produce Trappist beer.
 They make three ales: Chimay Rouge, Chimay Bleue, and Chimay Blanche; and they make one "patersbier", intended for the monks.
 The monastery also makes four varieties of cheese.
The Iron City Brewing Company (also known as the Pittsburgh Brewing Company) is a beer company that until August 2009 had been located in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
 On June 11, 2009, it was reported that the brewery was "moving" to Latrobe, Pennsylvania.
 That move was recently completed and Iron City is now produced in the Latrobe Brewery that was once used to produce Rolling Rock.
