Philip Carlo Barbon Greatwich (born 21 January 1987) is an English-born Philippine international footballer.
 He qualifies for that country because his mother Carolina is Filipina.
 He plays as a full back.
John Brooke (born 4 May 1920) is a British historian.
 He studied history at the Victoria University of Manchester under Lewis Namier and, in 1951, became Namier's principal assistant for the "History of Parliament".
 When Namier died in 1960, Brooke succeeded him as editor of the section dealing with 1754 to 1790.
 From 1964 he was Senior Editor of the Royal Commission on Historical Manuscripts.
 He was co-author with Namier of a biography of Charles Townshend, and author of "The Chatham Administration", a study of politics in the early years of George III's reign.
 He was also the author of a leading biography of King George III, published in 1972.
The Story of a Great Schoolmaster is a 1924 biography of Frederick William Sanderson (1857-1922) by H. G. Wells.
 It is the only biography Wells wrote.
 Sanderson was a personal friend, having met Wells in 1914 when his sons George Philip ('Gip'), born in 1901, and Frank Richard, born in 1903, became pupils at Oundle School, of which Sanderson was headmaster from 1892 to 1922.
 After Sanderson died while giving a lecture at University College London at which he was introduced by Wells, the famous author agreed to help produce a biography to raise money for the school.
 But in December 1922, after disagreements emerged with Sanderson's widow about his approach to the subject, Wells withdrew from the official biography (published in 1923 as "Sanderson of Oundle"; Wells wrote much of the text but the volume was published without listing an author) and published his own work separately.
Philip Carlo (April 18, 1949 – November 8, 2010) was a journalist and best selling biographer of Thomas Pitera, Richard Kuklinski, Anthony Casso, and Richard Ramirez.
 Carlo suffered from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), commonly known as "Lou Gehrig's Disease".
 He was bound to a wheelchair and respirator, but retained his ability to speak normally during his lifetime.
 He died of the disease on November 8, 2010 at age 61.
Richard Cummings is an author, playwright, theorist and critic.
 His biography of Allard Lowenstein, "The Pied Piper – Allard Lowenstein and the Liberal Dream," alleges that Lowenstein worked for the CIA.
 Cummings' biography was met with some controversy; in a "New York Times" review, entitled "His Innocence Proves His Guilt," written by Ronald Radosh, the reviewer judges that Cummings in that book has offered "a conspiracy theory marked by guilt by association and a failure to examine evidence that contradicts his own views."
 Radosh notes further that "Lowenstein's friends and family were so upset about the allegations in The Pied Piper that they have gone to great lengths to gather affidavits from scores of individuals mentioned or interviewed by Mr. Cummings, affidavits that dispute the author's research and conclusions."
 In the second edition of "The Pied Piper" (paperback) Cummings quotes from Lowenstein's CIA file which clearly indicates that Lowenstein was recruited through the CIA in 1962 and that they planned to use him on an "ad hoc" basis.
 The CIA file also indicates that Lowenstein himself said that he had already done some work for the CIA.
Cervantes is a highly fictionalized 1967 film biography of the early life of Miguel de Cervantes (1547–1616).
 It was the first screen biography of the author.
 Directed by Vincent Sherman, and filmed in color, it stars Horst Buchholz as Cervantes, Gina Lollobrigida as a prostitute with whom he becomes involved, José Ferrer as Hassan Bey, the Turk who held Cervantes in captivity, Louis Jourdan as Cardinal Giulio Acquaviva, and Fernando Rey as King Philip II.
Carlo Bernari (born in Naples on October 13, 1909; died in Rome on October 22, 1992) is the pseudonym under which Italian author Carlo Bernard is known.
Patrick McGilligan (born 1951) is an Irish American biographer, film historian and writer.
 His biography on Alfred Hitchcock, "Alfred Hitchcock: A Life in Darkness and Light" was a finalist for the Edgar Award.
 He is the author of two "New York Times" Notable Books, and he lives in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
 He is also noted for his biography on Clint Eastwood, "Clint: The Life and Legend", which reveals much about Eastwood which his official biography by Richard Schickel left out.
 In addition to Hitchcock and Eastwood, he has written biographies on Robert Altman, James Cagney, George Cukor, Fritz Lang, Oscar Micheaux, Jack Nicholson, and Nicholas Ray.
 He is also an editor of "Backstory", which features interviews of Hollywood screenwriters and is published by the University of California Press.
Jan Ruhtenberg (a.k.a. Alexander Gustaf Jan Ruhtenberg or Alexander Gustav Jan Ruhtenberg, born Alexander Gustaf Rutencrantz von Ruhtenberg, 28 February 1896 – died, December 1975) was an architect who "made significant contributions in introducing modern architecture to the United States as a teacher and a modern architect".
 Ruhtenberg was involved in the Bauhaus movement in Germany, studying under Mies van der Rohe and worked with Philip Johnson.
 In "The International Style: Architecture Since 1922" Johnson acknowledges Ruhtenberg as one of two “kind friends” who have read and criticized draft texts.
 Johnson and fellow author Henry-Russell Hitchcock included Ruhtenberg’s 1930 Berlin apartment house interior among their illustrations of modern design.
 In his biography of Philip Johnson, architectural historian Franz Schulze refers to Ruhtenberg as Johnson's new friend during the latter's travels in Germany in 1929.
 The two visited the Bauhaus in Dessau together.
 At the time Ruhtenberg was a public relations aide to designer Bruno Paul.
 Johnson, working with Henry-Russell Hitchcock, was gathering material for "The International Style: Architecture Since 1922."
 Ruhtenberg was traveling with them.
 Schulze cites Johnson's letter of 17 September 1930 to J. J. P. Oud, a Dutch modernist architect, in which Johnson called Ruhtenberg his best friend, describing him as a beginning architecture student.
 Three years later in another letter to Oud, Johnson tells him that he is building a house in Manhattan with his friend Jan Ruhtenberg.
 He was active in many areas of country such as New York City with both his architectural skills (the renovation of 57 East 93rd Street that was reviewed by "Architectural Forum" in 1937); He is "credited" with the interior design of Nelson Rockefeller's Penthouse at 810 Fifth Avenue (62nd Street) by the New York Times;  and his opinions on the progressive housing movement which were recorded for the Library of Congress.
Samuel Johnson's Life of Mr Richard Savage (1744), short title is Life of Savage and full title is An Account of the Life of Mr Richard Savage, Son of the Earl Rivers, was the first major biography published by Johnson.
 It was released anonymously in 1744, and detailed the life of Richard Savage, a London poet and friend of Johnson who had died in 1743.
 The biography contains many details of Savage's account of his own life, including claims that he was the illegitimate child of a noble family that quickly disowned and abandoned him at birth.
