The Mesker Brothers Iron Works and George L. Mesker & Co. were competing manufacturers and designers of ornamental sheet-metal facades and cast iron storefront components from the 1880s through the mid-twentieth century.
 The Mesker Brothers Iron Works was based in St. Louis, Missouri, and was operated by brothers Bernard and Frank Mesker.
 The George L. Mesker Company was operated by a third brother, George L. Mesker, and was based in Evansville, Indiana.
 The Mesker brothers were the sons of John Mesker who operated a stove business in Evansville and later galvanized iron for buildings.
 The three brothers learned their iron-working skills from their father.
Count Henry II of Holstein-Rendsburg (nickname "Iron Henry";  1317 –  1384 ) was count of Holstein-Rendsburg and pledge lord of Southern Schleswig.
 He ruled jointly with his younger brother, Count Nicholas (d. 1397).
Jamieson Kent Price is an American voice actor, best known for his deep and booming voice for numerous anime and video games.
 He is known as the voice of Walter Bernhard in "," Largo the Black Lion in "Tales of the Abyss", Iron Tager from the "BlazBlue" series, the Count of Monte Cristo in "Gankutsuou", Ovan in ".
hack//G.U.", and Galbalan, the main villain of "" and Milton Grimm from "Ever After High".
 Price also had a part in the 2000 movie "The Patriot".
Henry Grissell (4 July 1817 – 31 January 1883), sometimes known as "Iron Henry", was an English foundry-man who was responsible for the ironwork in a number of prestigious buildings in England, Russia, Austria, and Egypt.
None Shall Escape is a 1944 war film.
 Even though the film was made during the Second World War, the setting is a post-war Nuremberg-style war crimes trial.
 Alexander Knox plays Wilhelm Grimm, a Nazi officer who is on trial, and the story unfolds through the eyes of several witnesses, including a Catholic priest, Father Warecki (Henry Travers), Grimm's brother Karl (Erik Rolf) and Marja Pacierkowski (Marsha Hunt), a woman to whom he was once engaged.
The Parkway Man also known as Iron Henry is a statue located on the outskirts of Bowden Housteads Woods in the Handsworth district of Sheffield, England.
 The statue is visible from the road, and can be seen by people driving on Sheffield Parkway.
 The statue can also be viewed using public footpaths in the woods.
"The Frog Prince; or, Iron Henry" (German: "Der Froschkönig oder der eisen Heinrich" , literally "The Frog King; or, The Iron Heinrich") is a fairy tale, best known through the Brothers Grimm's written version; traditionally it is the first story in their collection.
Castle Waiting is an Eisner Award winning graphic novel series created by Linda Medley.
 It is in a world of fairy tales and mythology featuring a mix of old-fashioned storytelling and more ironic, modern touches.
 The series brings together characters from several classic fairy tales, such as Simple Simon and Iron Henry, as well as referencing several others such as Jack and the Beanstalk and Sleeping Beauty.
 The story focuses predominantly on the daily lives of the characters and their interactions with one another, as well as their complicated pasts.
Brown Bag Films, or Brown Bag, is an Irish-Canadian television animation production studio, based in Dublin, Ireland with a 2D facility based in Manchester, UK.
 Best known for its character CGI-animated television series' and short films, including the Oscar nominated "Give Up Yer Aul Sins" and "Granny O'Grimm's Sleeping Beauty".
 Brown Bag Films was established in 1994 by Cathal Gaffney and Darragh O'Connell and the studio has garnered a number of awards, including Academy Award nominations for "Give Up Yer Aul Sins" (Best Animated Short Film 2001) and "Granny O'Grimm's Sleeping Beauty" (Best Animated Short Film 2010), six Emmy Award wins for "Peter Rabbit", an Emmy award for "Bing" and a number of BAFTA, Emmy and Annie nominations for their shows "Octonauts", "Doc McStuffins" and "Henry Hugglemonster".
The Well of the World's End is an Anglo-Scottish Border fairy tale, recorded in the Scottish Lowlands, collected by Joseph Jacobs in "English Fairy Tales".
 His source was "The Complaynt of Scotland",and he notes the tale's similarity to the German "Frog Prince".
 Like that tale, it is Aarne-Thompson type 440, "The Frog King" or "Iron Henry".
