Amita Ramanujan, Ph.D., is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama "Numb3rs", played by Navi Rawat.
 Over the course of the series, she has become a professor at CalSci and has since become romantically involved with her former thesis advisor, Dr. Charlie Eppes (David Krumholtz).
 She was first introduced in "Pilot".
 She also works as an FBI consultant with Charlie and Larry.
Alan Eppes is a fictional character in the CBS crime drama "Numb3rs", played by Judd Hirsch.
 Alan is the father of the main characters, brothers Charlie and Don Eppes.
 First introduced in the pilot episode, the character of Alan received mixed reviews.
To Age or Not to Age is a documentary film directed by Robert Kane Pappas with Steven N. Austad, Ph.D., Rev. Nicanor Pier Giorgio Austriaco, O.P., Ph.D., Nir Barzilai, M.D., Troy Duster, Aubrey de Grey, Leonard P. Guarente, Cynthia Kenyon, Tom Kirkwood, Gordon Lithgow, Ph.D., David Sinclair and Christoph Westphal.
 The screenwriter was Robert Kane Pappas.
 The movie was produced by Miriam Foley and Joseph Zock.
 The film opened at the Village East Cinema in New York City on July 16, 2010.
Colby Granger is a fictional character in the CBS crime drama "Numb3rs", played by Dylan Bruno.
 First introduced during the second season, he has become a part of the team led by FBI Special Agent Don Eppes (Rob Morrow) and is usually partnered with David Sinclair.
 This connection creates some tension when Colby is accused of being a spy for the Chinese which is confirmed in the season three finale episode, "The Janus List", with the news leaving the FBI team under Don's command shaken by the revelation.
David Sinclair is a fictional character in the CBS crime drama "Numb3rs", played by Alimi Ballard.
 First introduced in the pilot episode, he has become the usual partner of FBI Special Agent Colby Granger (Dylan Bruno) and has also become the primary relief supervisor for the Supervisor of the FBI Violent Crimes squad, Don Eppes (Rob Morrow).
 At first unpopular with critics, Sinclair has since been recognized as a popular character on the show.
Prof. Charles Edward "Charlie" Eppes, Ph.D., is a fictional character and one of the protagonists of the CBS crime drama "Numb3rs".
 He is portrayed by David Krumholtz.
Larry Fleinhardt, Ph.D., is a fictional character in the CBS crime drama "Numb3rs", played by Peter MacNicol.
 He is the best friend and colleague of Charlie Eppes.
Liz Warner is a fictional character in the CBS crime drama "Numb3rs", played by Aya Sumika.
 A former girlfriend of FBI Special Agent Don Eppes, she has since become a part of Don's team.
Donald "Don" Eppes is a fictional character and one of the protagonists of the CBS crime drama "Numb3rs".
 He is portrayed by Rob Morrow.
Nicola "Nikki" Betancourt is a fictional character in the CBS crime drama "Numb3rs", played by Sophina Brown.
 Developed as a replacement for Megan Reeves (played by Diane Farr, who left the series after the season four finale), Betancourt joined FBI Special Agent Don Eppes's team at the beginning of season five.
 Generally tough, her impulsive behavior has somewhat mellowed over the course of the series.
