Jorge Garcia (born April 28, 1973) is an American actor and comedian.
 He first came to public attention with his performance as Hector Lopez on the television show "Becker", but probably became more well known later for his portrayal of Hugo "Hurley" Reyes in the television series "Lost" from 2004 to 2010.
 Garcia performs as a stand-up comedian.
 He starred in the FOX television series "Alcatraz" and played a minor character on ABC's "Once Upon a Time".
 He stars as Jerry Ortega on "Hawaii Five-0" and can be seen in the Netflix original movie "Ridiculous 6".
The seventh season of the CBS police procedural drama series "Hawaii Five-0" premiered on Friday September 23, 2016, and concluded on May 12, 2017.
 The season contained 25 episodes, and the series's 150th episode.
 For the 2016-17 U.S. television season, the seventh season of "Hawaii Five-0" ranked #15 with an average of 12.15 million viewers, and in the 18–49 demographic ranked 43rd with a 1.8/7 Rating/Share.
Steve McGarrett is a fictional character from "Hawaii Five-O" who serves as the leader of the Hawaii Five-0 (5−0) crime task force.
 McGarrett was originally played by Jack Lord and also by Alex O'Loughlin in the remake.
 He is partner to Detective Danny "Danno" Williams.
Peter M. Lenkov is a TV and film writer and producer as well as being an occasional writer of comic books.
 Lenkov's notable work includes the TV series La Femme Nikita , "Hawaii Five-0", "24" and "" and films such as "R.I.P.D.", "Demolition Man" and "Son in Law".
 In comics, he wrote "R.I.P.D." and "", for which he was nominated for the Bram Stoker Award for Best Illustrated Narrative.
 In 2005, he was nominated for an Emmy Award for his work on the hit TV series "24".
 In 2009, he wrote an episode of "" for which acclaimed actor Ed Asner was nominated for an Emmy for Guest Star.
 In 2011, "Hawaii Five-0" was awarded Best New Drama at the People's Choice Awards.
 Other awards include a CAPE Award for Best Drama for "Hawaii Five-0", A Media Access Award for his work on "CSI:NY" and a Huntington Disease Honor for an episode of "The District".
Kenneth "Chi" McBride (born September 23, 1961) is an American actor.
 He starred as high school principal Steven Harper on the series "Boston Public", Emerson Cod on "Pushing Daisies", Detective Laverne Winston on the Fox drama "Human Target", and more recently Detective Don Owen in the short-lived CBS crime drama "Golden Boy".
 He currently plays in a main role as Captain Lou Grover of the Five-0 taskforce in the CBS drama "Hawaii Five-0".
 He has also appeared in films such as "Gone in 60 Seconds", "The Terminal", "I, Robot", "Roll Bounce", and "Draft Day".
Alex O'Loughlin (born 24 August 1976) is an Australian actor, who plays Lieutenant Commander Steve McGarrett on CBS' remake of the TV series "Hawaii Five-0".
 He had starring roles in the films "Oyster Farmer" (2004) and "The Back-up Plan" (2010), as well as on such television series as "Moonlight" (2008) and "Three Rivers" (2009).
Serinda Swan (born July 11, 1984) is a Canadian actress.
 She starred as Erica Reed in the series "Breakout Kings" for two seasons from 2011 to 2012.
 She then starred as DEA Special Agent Paige Arkin in the USA Network series "Graceland", which premiered in the summer of 2013 and concluded September 2015.
 Swan also guest starred in one episode of "Hawaii Five-0" and in four episodes of the NBC drama "Chicago Fire" as Brittany Baker.
The second season of the CBS crime drama series "Hawaii Five-0" premiered on September 19, 2011.
 The season continues to center on the "Five-0", a specialized task force established by the Hawaiian Governor that investigates a wide series of crimes on the islands, including murder, terrorism and human trafficking.
 The second season introduces a new governor, Sam Denning, after the murder of his predecessor, Patricia Jameson.
 However, unlike Jameson, Denning orders new changes to the task force.
 The season includes two more main cast members, Masi Oka, who recurred in the first season, and Lauren German, who departed after episode 16.
 Alex O'Loughlin appears briefly in episode 20 and does not appear in episode 21 as he was seeking drug treatment for pain management medication during the production of those two episodes.
The first season of the CBS crime drama series "Hawaii Five-0" premiered on September 20, 2010, and concluded on May 16, 2011.
 It consisted of 24 episodes.
 The series was developed by Alex Kurtzman, Roberto Orci and Peter M. Lenkov based upon the original series created by Leonard Freeman, which premiered exactly 42 years earlier.
 The series centers on the "Five-0", a specialized task force established by the Hawaiian Governor that investigates a wide series crimes on the islands, including murder, terrorism and human trafficking.
Keo Woolford (May 14, 1967 – November 28, 2016) was an American actor, producer, and director.
 He was born and raised in Hawaii.
 He directed the award-winning feature film "The Haumāna" and the East West Players stage play "Three Year Swim Club".
 He starred in his self-written one-man show, "I Land", and as the King of Siam in Rodgers and Hammerstein's "The King and I" at the London Palladium.
 He was a member of the Hawaii boyband Brownskin and the Hobo House on the Hill recording team responsible for the Grammy-nominated "Island Warriors" album.
 He was a recipient of the Na Hoku Hanohano Award for The Haumāna Soundtrack.
 His film and TV work included "Godzilla", "Act of Valor", "The Haumāna", and Sergeant Detective Chang on "Hawaii Five-0".
 He died on November 28, 2016, at Pali Momi Medical Center after suffering a stroke three days earlier.
