The 38th Battalion, CEF was a unit of the First World War Canadian Expeditionary Force.
 It was mobilized in Ottawa and recruited in Ottawa, Brockville, Perth, Prescott and Alexandria.
 An initial draft of five officers and 251 other ranks was sent to England on June 24, 1915.
 The battalion embarked at Montreal on August 1, 1915, aboard the "Caledonian", disembarking in Bermuda on August 12, 1915.
 Its strength was 35 officers and 959 other ranks.
 The battalion embarked at Bermuda on May 30, 1916, aboard the "Grampian", disembarking in England on June 9, 1916.
 Its strength was 35 officers and 1001 other ranks.
 The battalion arrived in France on August 13, 1916, becoming part of the 4th Canadian Division, 12th Canadian Infantry Brigade.
 It was later reinforced by the 7th Canadian Reserve Battalion.
 The battalion returned to England on May 6, 1919, arrived in Canada on June 13, 1919, was demobilized in Ottawa on June 15, 1919, and was disbanded by General Order 149 of September 15, 1920.
The Australian Army Training Team Vietnam (AATTV) was a specialist unit of military advisors of the Australian Army that operated during the Vietnam War.
 Raised in 1962, the unit was formed solely for service as part of Australia's contribution to the war, providing training and assistance to South Vietnamese forces.
 Initially numbering only approximately 30 men, the size of the unit grew several times over the following years as the Australian commitment to South Vietnam gradually grew, with the unit's strength peaking at 227 in November 1970.
 Members of the team worked individually or in small groups, operating throughout the country from the far south to the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) in the north.
 Later they were concentrated in Phuoc Tuy province as Australian forces prepared to withdraw from Vietnam.
 It is believed to be the most decorated Australian unit to serve in Vietnam; its members received over 100 decorations, including four Victoria Crosses, during its existence.
 The unit was withdrawn from Vietnam on 18 December 1972 and was disbanded in Australia on 16 February 1973.
 A total of 1,009 men served with the unit over a period of ten years, consisting of 998 Australians and 11 New Zealanders.
A sandwich-structured composite is a special class of composite materials that is fabricated by attaching two thin but stiff skins to a lightweight but thick core.
 The core material is normally low strength material, but its higher thickness provides the sandwich composite with high bending stiffness with overall low density.
The 55th Rifle Division that served as a Red Army rifle division during the Great Patriotic War formed for the first time in September, 1925 as a territorial division headquartered at Kursk.
 When the German invasion began the unit was as Slutsk, but soon came under attack from their armored spearheads and lost most of its strength within days, and was eventually encircled and destroyed at Kiev.
 A new division was formed along the Volga in December, and was soon sent north to join in the fighting around Demyansk until early 1943.
 In many respects the 55th was a hard-luck unit; after being destroyed once, it drew assignments to mostly secondary fronts in areas where, due to the terrain and other circumstances, no unit could distinguish itself.
 By early 1944, the division was reduced to minimal strength for an active formation, and after doing its best in Operation Bagration it was transferred north to the Baltic States and then disbanded to provide replacements for the other units in 61st Army.
 Elements of the disbanded division were repurposed to other roles in coastal defense and as a naval base garrison, continuing in service until 1956.
Salt tectonics is concerned with the geometries and processes associated with the presence of significant thicknesses of evaporites containing rock salt within a stratigraphic sequence of rocks.
 This is due both to the low density of salt, which does not increase with burial, and its low strength.
Controlled low strength material, abbreviated CLSM, also known as flowable fill, is a type of weak, runny concrete mix used in construction for non-structural purposes such as backfill or road bases.
In rock climbing, a copperhead is a small nut with a head made of soft metal on a loop of wire, originally copper or brass, later aluminium.
 Copperheads are most often placed into small shallow seems and crevices by pounding or hammering them in to place, with a climbing hammer, sometimes with the aid of metal rod, chisel, or punch.
 The malleability of the soft metal head makes copperheads conform to the rock and grip better than other devices, and are often the only protection that will stay fixed in many placements.
 Their small size and low strength makes them among the poorest kinds of protection; their main use is in aid climbing where a placement that will just support the weight of the climber can be used to make progress, even though it would be useless in a fall.
The Western Front of the European theatre of World War II encompassed Denmark, Norway, Luxembourg, Belgium, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, and Germany.
 World War II military engagements in Southern Europe and elsewhere are generally considered under separate headings.
 The Western Front was marked by two phases of large-scale combat operations.
 The first phase saw the capitulation of the Netherlands, Belgium, and France during May and June 1940 after their defeat in the Low Countries and the northern half of France, and continued into an air war between Germany and Britain that climaxed with the Battle of Britain.
 The second phase consisted of large-scale ground combat, which began in June 1944 with the Allied landings in Normandy and continued until the defeat of Germany in May 1945.
Pottery fracture results from stress within a ceramic body due to thermal expansion and contraction, shrinkage, and other forces. Poor drying or uneven compression and alignment of particles can result in low strength.
 Cracking may appear in greenware as well as each stage of the firing including bisque ware and glazed ware.
Trenck's Pandurs (, German: "Panduren" ) were a light infantry unit of the Habsburg Monarchy, raised by Baron Franz von der Trenck under a charter issued by Maria Theresa of Austria in 1741.
 The unit was largely composed of volunteers from the Kingdom of Slavonia and Slavonian Military Frontier, and named after security guards otherwise employed to maintain public order.
 The Pandurs were presented to the empress in May 1741—with the unit's military band—earning them a claim of pioneering martial music in Europe.
 The Pandurs did not use uniforms and had an overall oriental/Ottoman appearance.
 The original organization of the unit was retained until 1745, when it transformed into a regiment.
 Trenck was relieved of command in 1746 and imprisoned in Spielberg Castle, where he died in 1749.
 The unit ultimately transformed into the 53rd Infantry Regiment, headquartered in Zagreb, until it was disbanded in 1919.
 The regiment's commemorative medals bear Trenck's image wearing Pandur attire.
