She is the author of the novel "Signals" published by Seaview Books/Simon & Schuster (1978) and PEI paperbacks (1980).
 Daughter of Paul Deutschman, a writer and journalist, and Louise Tolliver Deutschman, art curator and gallery director.
 She currently works and lives between New York City and Paris.
 Her poems and short stories have appeared, over the years, in a number of places, including The New Yorker, Carolina Quarterly, Gargoyle, The New Criterion, New York Quarterly and Poet Lore; and translations in French literary reviews, recently in Revue Rue Saint Ambroise and Sarrazine.
EN 13537 (or EN13537) is a European standard designed to standardize the temperature ratings on sleeping bags manufactured and/or sold in Europe.
 As of January 1, 2005 a CEN criterion came into effect covering the testing and publication of temperature ratings for sleeping bags.
 The new criterion differs from the standards that existed formerly.
Bill Coyle is an American poet and translator.
 His poems and translations have appeared in anthologies and publications such as "The Hudson Review", "The New Republic", "Poetry" and "Modern Poetry in Translation".
 His debut poetry collection "The God of this World to His Prophet" received the 2006 New Criterion Poetry Prize.
 Eric McHenry of "The New York Times" described the poem "Aubade" from "The God of this World to His Prophet" as "a single, flawless stroke", and wrote about the rest of the book: "If some of the poems that precede 'Aubade' seem, by contrast, a little too much under his control, offering the mastery without the mystery, well, there’s a lot to be said for mastery."
Jay Nordlinger is an American journalist.
 He is a senior editor of "National Review", the conservative magazine founded by William F. Buckley, Jr., in 1955, and a book fellow of the National Review Institute.
 He also writes a column, "Impromptus," for the magazine's website.
 He is also the music critic for "The New Criterion".
Dr. Digby C. Anderson (born 25 May 1944) is the founder and former director (until 2004) of the Social Affairs Unit, a public policy organization/economic think-tank created in 1980.
 In addition to this role, Anderson served as a long-time contributor to several conservative American and British newspapers and magazines including "The Spectator" and "The Daily Telegraph", as well as "The American Spectator", "The New Criterion", and "National Review".
James S. Panero is an American cultural critic and the executive editor of "The New Criterion".
Enid Shomer is an American poet and fiction writer.
 She is the author of four poetry collections, two short story collections and a novel.
 Her poems have appeared in literary journals and magazines including "The Atlantic Monthly, Poetry, Paris Review, The New Criterion, Parnassus, Kenyon Review, Tikkun," and in anthologies including "The Best American Poetry."
 Her stories have appeared in "The New Yorker, New Stories from the South, the Year's Best, Modern Maturity, New Letters, Prairie Schooner, Shenandoah," and "Virginia Quarterly Review."
 Her stories, poems, and essays have been included in more than fifty anthologies and textbooks, including "Poetry: A HarperCollins Pocket Anthology".
 Her book reviews and essays have appeared in "The New Times Book Review, The Women's Review of Books," and elsewhere.
 Two of her books, "Stars at Noon" and "Imaginary Men," were the subjects of feature interviews on NPR's "Morning Edition" and "All Things Considered."
 Her writing is often set in or influenced by life in the State of Florida.
 Shomer was Poetry Series Editor for the University of Arkansas Press from 2002-2015, and has taught at many universities, including the University of Arkansas, Florida State University, and the Ohio State University, where she was the Thurber House Writer-in-Residence.
Peter Filkins is an American poet and literary translator.
 Filkins graduated from Williams College with a Bachelor of Arts and from Columbia University with a Master of Fine Arts degree.
 His poetry collections include "The View We’re Granted", co-winner of the 2013 Sheila Motton Best Book Award from the New England Poetry Club, and "Augustine’s Vision", winner of the 2009 New American Press Chapbook Award.
 His poems, essays, reviews, and translations have appeared in numerous journals, including The New Republic, Partisan Review, The New Criterion, Poetry, The Yale Review, the New York Times Book Review, and the Los Angeles Times.
 He is a recipient of a 2005 Berlin Prize from the American Academy in Berlin, a 2015-2016 National Endowment for the Humanities Fellowship, a 2014 Leon Levy Center for Biography Fellowship, and a Fulbright Fellowship to Austria.
 In 2012 he was writer-in-residence at the James Merrill House, and he has held residencies at The MacDowell Colony, Yaddo, and the Millay Colony for the Arts.
The New Criterion is a New York-based monthly literary magazine and journal of artistic and cultural criticism, edited by Roger Kimball (editor and publisher) and James Panero (executive editor).
 It has sections for criticism of poetry, theater, art, music, the media, and books.
 It was founded in 1982 by Hilton Kramer, former art critic for "The New York Times", and Samuel Lipman, a pianist and music critic.
 The name is a reference to "The Criterion", a British literary magazine edited by T. S. Eliot from 1922 to 1939.
Kevin Daniel Williamson (born September 18, 1972) is the roving correspondent for "National Review."
 He is also the theater critic for "The New Criterion".
 He was previously deputy managing editor at "National Review".
