Theemuge Dharikolhu (Dhivehi: ތީމުގޭ ދަރިކޮޅު) or Homa Dharikolhu (Dhivehi: ހޯމަ ދަރިކޮޅު) was one of the early dynasties of the Maldives that reigned from c.1117 (or earlier) until c.1388.
 According to the record in the Isdhoo Loamaafaanu (copper plates), which was written in 1194, the first king of the Theemuge Dynasty extended his rule to cover the entire Maldives.
 The writing suggests that the king united the entire country under his rule, bringing to an end a number of fiefdoms throughout the country.
 The first king of the Theemuge Dynasty is known as Siri Mahabarana and he is believed to be Koimala Kalo.
 Sri Mahabarana was proclaimed king in the year 1117 or 1118.
 Other sources suggest that the Theemuge Dharikolhu was the new name of the Soma Vansa Lunar Dynastry after the conversion to Islam of King Dhovemi which lasted from c.1153 to c.1388.
 In this case King Dhovemi, the fifth king of the Lunar Dynastry became the first King of the Theemuge Dynastry.
Bjaðǫk was a twelfth-century woman purported to have been the mother of Eysteinn Haraldsson, King of Norway.
 In the first half of the twelfth century, Eysteinn was brought to Norway and claimed to be the son of his royal predecessor, Haraldr gilli, King of Norway.
 The latter was himself the son of a Gaelic woman, and claimed to be the son of an earlier king.
 The claims of Bjaðǫk and Eysteinn were accepted, and the latter went on to rule as king for fifteen years.
 Bjaðǫk's name could to be an Old Norse form of a Gaelic name, and she may well have been a member of a prominent family.
 According to modern tradition, Haraldr gilli's wife was an aunt of Somairle mac Gilla Brigte, King of the Isles, although whether this tradition is authentic is uncertain.
Gard Agdi ("Old Norse" Garðr Agði) appears in the legendary genealogies of "Hversu Noregr byggdist" as one of the three sons of Nór, the legendary first king of Norway, and as ruler and ancestor of rulers over southwestern Norway.
 The surname Agdi may refer to Agdir ("Agðir"), the southernmost region of Norway, represented today by the counties of Aust-Agder and Vest-Agder.
Olaf Tryggvason (960s – 9 September 1000) was King of Norway from 995 to 1000.
 He was the son of Tryggvi Olafsson, king of Viken (Vingulmark, and Rånrike), and, according to later sagas, the great-grandson of Harald Fairhair, first King of Norway.
Harald Fairhair (Old Norse: "Haraldr Hárfagri", Norwegian: "Harald Hårfagre", (literally "Harald Fair-hair") ;  850 –  932) is remembered by medieval historians as the first King of Norway.
 According to traditions current in Norway and Iceland in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries, he reigned from  872 to 930.
 Most of his life remains uncertain, since the extant accounts of his life in the sagas were set down in writing around three centuries after his lifetime.
 A few remnants of skaldic praise poems attributed to contemporary court poets exist which seem to refer to Harald's victories against opponents in Norway.
 The information supplied in these poems is inconsistent with the tales in the sagas in which they are transmitted, and the sagas themselves often disagree on the details of his background and biography.
 Two of his sons, Eric Bloodaxe and Haakon the Good, succeeded Harald to become kings after his death.
Bjørn Farmann ("Bjørn the Tradesman", also called Bjørn Haraldsson, Farmand and Kaupman, c. ?
 – c. 930–934) was a king of Vestfold.
 Bjørn was one of the sons of Harald Fairhair, the first king of Norway.
 Bjørn Farmann was also the great-grandfather of Olaf II of Norway, through his son Gudrød Bjørnsson.
The German occupation of Norway began on 9 April 1940 after German forces invaded the neutral Scandinavian country of Norway.
 Conventional armed resistance to the German invasion ended on 10 June 1940 and the Germans then controlled Norway until the capitulation of German forces in Europe on May 8/9, 1945.
 Throughout this period, Norway was continuously occupied by the "Wehrmacht".
 Civil rule was effectively assumed by the "Reichskommissariat Norwegen" (Reich Commissariat of Norway), which acted in collaboration with a pro-German puppet government, while the Norwegian King and prewar government escaped to London, where they acted as a government in exile.
 This period of military occupation is in Norway referred to as the "war years" or "occupation period".
Muinemón (later spelling Muineamhón), son of Cas Clothach, son of Irárd, son of Rothechtaid, son of Ros, son of Glas, son of Nuadu Declam, son of Eochaid Faebar Glas, was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, a High King of Ireland.
 He helped Fíachu Fínscothach to murder his father, Sétna Airt, and become High King, and then, twenty years later, killed Fíachu and became High King himself.
 He is said to have been the first king in Ireland whose followers wore golden torcs around their necks (his name may derive from Old Irish "muin", neck).
 He ruled for five years, until he died of plague at Aidne in Connacht, and was succeeded by his son Faildergdóit.
 The chronology of Geoffrey Keating's "Foras Feasa ar Éirinn" dates his reign to 955–950 BC, that of the "Annals of the Four Masters" to 1333–1328 BC.
Christian VI (30 November 1699 – 6 August 1746) was King of Denmark and Norway from 1730-46.
 The eldest surviving son of King Frederick IV and Louise of Mecklenburg-Güstrow, he is considered one of Denmark's more anonymous kings, but he was a skilled politician, best known for his authoritarian regime.
 He was the first king of the Oldenburg dynasty to refrain from entering in any war.
 He was married to Sophia Magdalene of Brandenburg-Kulmbach and was the father of Frederick V.
 His chosen motto was "deo et populo" (for God and the people).
Dag Hareide (born 24 February 1949) is an organizational leader and author.
 He was knighted in the First Order of St. Olav by the King of Norway in 2015 for exceptional engagement in social innovation in civil society.
 He has been director of Rainforest Foundation Norway (2012 - 2015), one of the largest rainforest organizations in the world, Director of Nansen Academy Norway, the Norwegian Humanistic Academy which included the Nansen Center for Peace and Dialogue (2006 - 2012) and of other folk high schools, Chair of Nordic Forum for Mediation and Conflict Management (2002–2006) which gathered conflict mediators from the five Nordic countries.
 Curriculum developer in conflict management at the Norwegian Police University College, General Secretary of Oslo City Mission, a comprehensive diaconical institution, Chair of the Namibia Association of Norway, which was a leading NGO in Europe in support for SWAPO, the liberation movement for Namibia.
 Rehabilitation Coordinator for United Nations Emergency Office during the famine in Ethiopia (1985–1988) and returned later to coordinate and write the first five-year National Disaster Preparedness Plan in Ethiopia for the Ethiopian Government (1996–1998) General secretary of Friends of the Earth Norway, the largest environmental organization in Norway (1990–1995).
 He has also workes as journalist, pastor, teacher at high schools and University Colleges, initiated several campaigns and associations working for solidarity, dialogue and protection of the environment.
 He served as vice chair of the National Value Commission (Verdikommisjonen) which was formed by the Norwegian Prime Minister, and member of the Commission that formulated the objectives for the Norwegian School system (Bostadutvalget) https://www.gd.no/nyheter/lager-ny-formalsparagraf-i-skolen/s/1-934610-2342653.
 He chaired the first official dialogue between all faith and life stand communities in Norway.
 He has a Doctorate in Sociology (Magistergrad) from University of Oslo on the topic of vulnerability and preparedness in famine, and studies in religion, intellectual history, mass media, agriculture and statistics from different Universities and University Colleges in US and Norway.
