Salvatore La Barbera (Palermo, April 20, 1922 – January 17, 1963) was a Sicilian mafioso.
 Together with his brother Angelo La Barbera he ruled the Mafia family of Palermo Centro.
 Salvatore La Barbera sat on the first Sicilian Mafia Commission that was set up in 1958 as the capo mandamento for Mafia families of Borgo Vecchio, Porta Nuova and Palermo Centro.
 La Barbera disappeared during the First Mafia War, a victim of the "lupara bianca", never to be seen again.
The Greco Mafia family is a historic and one of the most influential Mafia clans in Sicily and Calabria, from the late 19th century.
 The extended family ruled both in Ciaculli and Croceverde Giardini, two south-eastern outskirts of Palermo in the citrus growing area and also rural areas of Calabria where they controlled the olive oil market .
 Members of the family were important figures in the Sicilian Cosa Nostra and Calabrian 'Ndrangheta.
 Salvatore "Ciaschiteddu" Greco was the first ‘secretary’ of the Sicilian Mafia Commission, while Michele Greco, also known as The Pope, was one of his successors.
Mariano Agate (May 19, 1939 in Mazara del Vallo – April 3, 2013 in Mazara del Vallo) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia.
 He was the boss of Mazara del Vallo Mafia family since the 1970s when he replaced the old boss Mariano Licari.
 He also was the boss of the mandamento of Mazara, including the Mafia families of Marsala, Salemi and Vita.
 Agate was a member of "Iside", one of the most powerful local Masonic lodges.
Antonio Cottone (1904/1905 – August 22, 1956) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia in his hometown Villabate in the province of Palermo, Sicily.
 He was known as "U Patre Nostru" (Our Heavenly Father) due to his generosity.
 The Cottone clan was a historical Mafia family.
 They were mentioned in 1937 as the Mafia bosses of Villabate by Melchiorre Allegra, a mafioso physician who became an informant when he was arrested.
Calcedonio Di Pisa (October 11, 1931 in Palermo – December 26, 1962 in Palermo), also known as Doruccio, was a member of the Sicilian Mafia.
 He was the boss of the Mafia family in the Noce neighbourhood in Palermo and sat on the first Sicilian Mafia Commission, the coordinating body of Cosa Nostra in Sicily.
Rosario Naimo (born August 18, 1945 in Palermo) is a member of the Sicilian Mafia, also known as Saro or Saruzzo.
 He was seen as an important go-between for the Sicilian and American Mafia, closely related with the Gambino crime family.
 He is a man of honour from the Tommaso Natale-Cardillo Mafia family that later became part of San Lorenzo family.
Pietro Torretta (ca. 1912 – October 3, 1975) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia.
 He was the boss of the Mafia family in the Uditore district in Palermo and one of the protagonists in the First Mafia War.
 He was initially considered to be the man behind the Ciaculli massacre.
Gaspare Spatuzza (Palermo, April 8, 1964), is a Sicilian mafioso from the Brancaccio quarter in Palermo.
 He was a killer for the brothers Filippo and Giuseppe Graviano who headed the Mafia family of Brancaccio.
 After the arrest of the Gravianos in January 1994, he apparently succeeded them as the regent of the Mafia family.
 He was arrested in 1997 and started to cooperate with the judicial authorities in 2008.
 In his testimony he claimed that media tycoon and prime minister Silvio Berlusconi made a deal with the Sicilian Mafia in 1993 that put the country "in the hands" of Cosa Nostra.
Antonino "Nino" Rotolo (born January 3, 1946) is an Italian Mafia boss from the Pagliarelli area in Palermo that traditionally was under the control of the Motisi Mafia family.
 Rotolo was the underboss of Matteo Motisi, but according to some pentiti he was the "de facto" leader representing the mandamento on the Sicilian Mafia Commission.
 In 2006, the police deduced that Rotolo - number 25 in the numbered code of Mafia boss Bernardo Provenzano - had become a key figure in Cosa Nostra's hierarchy.
Angelo La Barbera (July 3, 1924 – October 28, 1975) was a powerful member of the Sicilian Mafia.
 Together with his brother Salvatore La Barbera (Palermo, April 20, 1922 – January 17, 1963) he ruled the Mafia family of Palermo Centro.
 Salvatore La Barbera sat on the first Sicilian Mafia Commission that was set up in 1958 as the capo mandamento for Mafia families of Borgo Vecchio, Porta Nuova and Palermo Centro.
