The All Points West Music & Arts Festival was an annual music and arts festival held at Liberty State Park in Jersey City, New Jersey.
 First held in August 2008, it is hosted by Goldenvoice/AEG Live events, the same company that hosts the similar annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival every year in Indio, California.
 The event lasts all day, from noon to about midnight, for eleven and a half hours per day.
 All Points West 2009 was held on July 31, August 1 and 2 featuring both music, comedy and art, much like its counterpart in Indio.
The Lubbock Arts Festival is an annual arts festival held in April at the Lubbock Memorial Civic Center in Lubbock, Texas.
 The festival is the largest fine arts and crafts show in West Texas.
 Since its establishment in 1978, the Lubbock Arts Festival focuses on visual, performing, culinary, and children’s art.
 The 2013 Lubbock Arts Festival drew a record attendance of over 30,000.
 In 2014, the Silent Wings Museum participated in the festival.
The White Nights are a kind of all-night arts festival held in many cities in the summer.
 The original festival is the White Nights Festival held in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
 The "white nights" is the name given in areas of high latitude to the weeks around the summer solstice in June during which sunsets are late, sunrises are early and darkness is never complete.
 In Saint Petersburg, the Sun does not set until after 10 p.m., and the twilight lasts almost all night.
The Dogwood Arts Festival is an annual event in Knoxville, Tennessee, sponsored by Dogwood Arts, a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization whose mission is to promote and celebrate regional art, culture, and natural beauty.
 The event is held in April and celebrates the blooming of the dogwood trees.
 It includes a parade, a house and garden show, and demonstrations of various Appalachian arts and crafts such as quilting, bluegrass music, and doll-making.
 Many events are held in Market Square in downtown Knoxville.
 Additionally, driving trails are marked in Knoxville and the surrounding area for people to view the dogwoods in bloom.
Tanglewood Music and Arts Festival is an annual two-day music, comedy and arts event held within the grounds of Narrow Water Castle, County Down, Northern Ireland.
 The festival, founded in 2011, has attracted significant attention both within the local area and around Northern Ireland with buses coming from as far as Belfast to the event.
 For the 2011 and 2012 festivals Tanglewood was held on one day; however for 2013 it has expanded into a two-day camping festival.
The Night of the Arts (Finnish: "Taiteiden yö" , Swedish: "Konstens natt" ) is an annual event held in several major cities in Finland, in late August.
 It is one of many White Night festivals held worldwide.
Artscape is an annual art festival held in the Mount Royal neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland in July.
 Since its first annual event in 1982, it has become the largest free arts festival in America.
 It has boasted acts such as Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin, and Matisyahu in the past, attracting over 350,000 people from the city, and surrounding areas.
 Film programming during Artscape is provided by Maryland Film Festival.
 There are artists in a variety of visual and performing media.
 Events are free and open to the public.
The Great Northern Arts Festival is held each year in Inuvik, Northwest Territories.
 Lasting approximately ten days, it is an annual event held each summer.
 It was established in 1989 by Sharlene Alexander and Sue Rose.
 While the festival's mandate is to serve Northern artists and craftspeople, artists from around the world also attend.
 The festival is designed as a venue for artists to see each other's work and to experiment with new applications.
 It includes arts of all types, such as fiber art and Music of the Northwest Territories.
 Artists partake in demonstrations, masterclasses, seminars, and workshops.
 The festival's gallery offers pieces for sale.
 There are cultural presentations each evening which include concerts, dance, fashion, music, and storytelling.
 Media coverage brings festival highlights to viewing audiences.
School Arts Festival of Kerala (Malayalam: കേരള സ്കൂൾ കലോത്സവം) is an annual event conducted by the state government of Kerala, featuring several art competitions for high school and higher secondary school students of Kerala.
 The festival was started in 1956, and till 2008, it was called as "Kerala State School Youth Festival".
 The participants are students from classes 8th to 12th.
 Winners from different revenue districts for a particular event will be competing in state level competition.
 The event is usually conducted in December–January months of a year and is considered to be the biggest cultural event of Asia.
 57th edition of Kerala School Kalolsavam 2017 is scheduled for January 16 to 22 at Kannur.
Green Man is an independent music and arts festival held annually in mid-August in the Brecon Beacons, Wales since 2003.
 It has evolved into a 20,000 capacity 4-day event, showcasing predominantly live music (in particular alternative, indie, rock, folk, dance and americana), with additional events showcasing literature, film, comedy, theatre and poetry.
 2015 saw 1,500 multi-arts acts perform across 17 stages.
 The festival site is divided into 10 areas, each offering a unique festival experience.
 Ceilidhs, all-night bonfires and secret gigs all add to the festival's unique identity.
