Xylobands are wristbands that contain light-emitting diodes and radio frequency receivers.
 The lights inside the wristband can be controlled by a software program, which sends signals to the wristband, instructing it to light up or blink, for example.
 The RGB version has a white strap and can emit any colour on the spectrum.
 The single colour version is available in green, blue, yellow, red, pink and white.
 The first use of Xylobands on a large scale was on Coldplay's 2012 Mylo Xyloto tour.
 A Xyloband was given to each member of the audience, and as the concert played, the flashing of the bands was synchronized to the music.
 The inventor of the wristbands, Jason Regler, stated that he had the idea for the flashing wristbands while at a Coldplay concert, during the song "Fix You".
"Ask" is a song recorded by the English rock band the Smiths.
 It was released as a single on 20 October 1986 through Rough Trade Records.
 Credited to vocalist Morrissey and guitarist Johnny Marr, "Ask" is an upbeat, positive pop song built around major chords.
 Its lyrics touch on shyness and encourages the listener to release their inhibitions.
 Its multiple guitar parts and complex production led to disagreements regarding its final mix.
 In addition, Craig Gannon, one-time rhythm guitarist for the group, has claimed he wrote and was denied credit for the song's chord structure.
Quogue was a station stop along the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road and the station was built around June, 1875.
 During construction the station was moved by the village "on a Sunday morning" from its original and current location to a location on Old Depot Road.
 The second depot was built around 1882 and later was moved to a private location around 1905.
 The third depot was built around 1905 and at some point was elevated for the bridge over the former New York State Route 113.
 The station house was razed around April, 1964 but the station stop itself continued to operate until March 16, 1998.
 This station, along with nine others around that time were closed due to low ridership, which did not make it very cost-effective to build high-level platforms to support the new C3 railcars the LIRR was procuring at the time.
The octobass is an extremely large and rare (only 7 in existence) bowed string instrument that was first built around 1850 in Paris by the French luthier Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume (1798–1875).
 It has three strings and is essentially a larger version of the double bass (the specimen in the collection of the Musée de la Musique in Paris measures in length, whereas a full-size double bass is generally approximately in length).
 Because of the extreme fingerboard length and string thickness, the musician plays it using a system of levers and pedals.
 It has never been produced on a large scale or used much by composers (though Hector Berlioz wrote favorably about the instrument and proposed its widespread adoption).
 In addition to the Paris instrument, octobasses exist in the collections of the Musical Instrument Museum in Phoenix, Arizona and the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
"Do You..." is a song by American R&B recording artist Miguel.
 It was released on September 18, 2012, as the second single from his 2012 album "Kaleidoscope Dream".
 It was written by producer Jerry Duplessis, co-producer Arden Altino, guitarist Paul Pesco, and Miguel, who recorded the song at Platinum Sound Recording Studios in New York City.
 "Do You..." is a love song built around gentle guitar strumming and a playful rhythm section.
 Its lyrics pose flirtatious, rhetorical questions and feature both metaphorical and literal references to narcotics.
Clay's Hope is a historic home in Bellevue, Talbot County, Maryland, United States.
 It is a 2 ⁄ -story, 3-bay Flemish bond brick house with the gable roof, built around 1783.
 Also standing on the property is an array of outbuildings including the last known tobacco house to survive in Talbot County; a frame structure built around 1800.
 Other structures include a smokehouse-like frame structure built as an implement storage building and an early-19th-century gable-roofed structure with built-in seats that has been converted into a gazebo.
 A small Harrison family cemetery is also on the property.
World Faith is an international NGO founded in 2008 by Frank Fredericks.
 The organization’s stated mission is "to end religious violence.”
 It aims to promote opportunities for interfaith dialogue through community service projects to “[foster] genuine dialogue that is built around the shared values of service” and to “[inspire] project participants to build cross-identity friendships and strengthen their understanding of other religious traditions.”
 World Faith’s activities pivot around the idea of revising the system of global peacebuilding, with a special focus on the role of faith identity in conflict.
"Talk Dirty" is a song by American singer Jason Derulo, released as the second single from his third studio album, "Tattoos" (2013), in Europe and Oceania.
 Derulo's third studio album was retitled "Talk Dirty" for its US release, featuring an alternative track listing.
 It was released as the third single in the US on January 7, 2014.
 Additional vocals are provided by American rapper 2 Chainz, making it Derulo's first single to feature a guest performer, excluding the French version of "Whatcha Say".
 The artists co-wrote the song with Jason Evigan, Sean Douglas, Ori Kaplan, Tamir Muskat, Tomer Yosef, and Wallpaper frontman Ricky Reed; the latter is also the song's producer.
 The song is built around sampled instrumentals from "Hermetico" by the Israeli band Balkan Beat Box from their 2007 studio album "Nu Med".
 The main saxophone lick is based on characteristic Turkish traditional ornamentations, particularly rendering the Turkish wind instrument Zurna.
"Everyday" is a song recorded by American singer Ariana Grande, featuring rapper Future.
 The track appears on "Dangerous Woman", her third studio album.
 The song was written by Savan Kotecha, Ilya, Grande and Future, and produced by Ilya.
 "Everyday" is a woozy electropop and trap song built around a grinding beat and a thrumming bassline.
 One of Grande's more lyrically explicit songs, the lyrics speak of sexual satisfaction.
 The track received mixed reviews from music critics who appreciated its production, but were ambivalent towards Future's feature.
"Applause" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her third studio album, "Artpop" (2013).
 It was released as the album's lead single through Interscope Records on August 12, 2013.
 Written and produced by Gaga, DJ White Shadow, Dino Zisis and Nick Monson, additional songwriters included Martin Bresso, Nicolas Mercier, Julien Arias and William Grigahcine.
 "Applause" was inspired by the cheering of her fans, which kept her motivated during the months she toured with the Born This Way Ball in pain, before cancelling it due to a hip injury.
 It is an electropop and Eurodance song built around synthesizers and hi-NRG beats, with lyrics addressing how Gaga is dependent upon her fan's adoration and how she lives to perform.
