Ashanti Alston Omowali is an anarchist activist, speaker, and writer, and former member of the Black Panther Party.
 Even though the party no longer exists, Alston sometimes refers to himself as a Black Panther, and sometimes as "the @narchist Panther", a term he coined in his "@narchist Panther Zine" series.
 He was also member of the Black Liberation Army, and spent more than a decade in prison after police captured him and he was convicted of armed robbery.
 Alston disputes the moral issues of property and terms his activity in the BLA "bank expropriation".
 Alston is the former northeast coordinator for Critical Resistance, a current co-chair of the National Jericho Movement (to free U.S. political prisoners), a member of pro-Zapatista people-of-color U.S.-based Estación Libre, and is on the board of the Institute for Anarchist Studies.
 Since 1999, Alston has produced four issues of the zine, "@narchist Panther Zine" (the name being a reference to his current affiliation as an anarchist, and his past membership in the Black Panther Party).
 Alston has identified himself as a black anarchist as well as a postmodern anarchist.
Petra Haden (born October 11, 1971) is an American violinist and singer.
 She has been a member of That Dog, Tito & Tarantula, and The Decemberists; has contributed to recordings by The Twilight Singers, Beck, Mike Watt, Luscious Jackson, Foo Fighters, Green Day, Weezer, The Rentals, Victoria Williams, Yuka Honda, The Gutter Twins, Sunn O))), and Cornelius.
 She is the daughter of the jazz bassist Charlie Haden; the triplet sister of bassist Rachel Haden (her bandmate in That Dog) and cellist Tanya Haden (married to singer and actor Jack Black) with whom she has performed as The Haden Triplets; and the sister of bassist-singer Josh Haden, leader of the group Spain.
Assata Olugbala Shakur (born JoAnne Deborah Byron; July 16, 1947, often referred to by her married surname Chesimard), is a former member of the Black Liberation Army, a black nationalist urban guerrilla group, who was convicted in 1977 of the first-degree murder, under New Jersey's "aiding and abetting" statute, of State Trooper Werner Foerster during a shootout on the New Jersey Turnpike in 1973.
 She escaped from prison in 1979 and fled to Cuba, where she was granted political asylum.
Barbara Bach (born Barbara Goldbach; August 27, 1947) is an American actress and model who played the Bond girl Anya Amasova in the James Bond film "The Spy Who Loved Me" (1977) as well as the spy Maritza Petrović in "Force 10 from Navarone" (1978).
 She married Ringo Starr, former member of the Beatles, in 1981.
"How Do You Sleep?"
 is a song by English musician John Lennon from his 1971 album "Imagine".
 The song makes angry and scathing remarks aimed at his former Beatles bandmate and songwriting partner, Paul McCartney.
 Lennon wrote the song in response to what he perceived as personal slights by McCartney on the latter's "Ram" album.
 The track includes a slide guitar solo played by George Harrison, also a former member of the Beatles.
Lee Ji-hye (born January 11, 1980) is a South Korean singer and actress.
 She was former member of pop group S#arp.
 The group released six albums before their breakup in 2002, attributed to the feud between Lee and fellow female member Seo Ji-young.
 As a solo artist, she has released several singles.
 She was a former cast member in the variety show "Infinite Girls Season 2".
She has been married on September 18, 2017.
Paolo Cavara (4 July 1926 – 7 August 1982) was an Italian screenwriter and a film director.
 He is known to horror film fans for directing the 1971 giallo, "The Black Belly of the Tarantula", and his 1962 cult classic, "Mondo Cane".
Drudkh is a Ukrainian black metal band.
 It currently consists of Roman Saenko (former member of Hate Forest and Dark Ages), Thurios (former member of Astrofaes), Krechet, and Vlad.
 All four also belonged to Blood of Kingu until it was disbanded.
 Their lyrics embrace Slavic mythology.
 Many of the band's lyrics are derived from the works of nineteenth- and twentieth-century Ukrainian poets, especially Taras Shevchenko.
The Black Belly of the Tarantula is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Paolo Cavara.
 It is one of many Italian giallo films to be inspired by Dario Argento's successful debut thriller "The Bird with the Crystal Plumage".
 The film was shot on location in Rome, Italy in 1970.
 It starred Giancarlo Giannini, Barbara Bouchet and Barbara Bach.
 Ennio Morricone did the music score for the film.
 Though fairly obscure for many years the film has recently made a comeback thanks to the rising fan base for the giallo genre.
 The film has gained much praise from the horror community, one writer at Horrorview.com cited it as the best giallo ever made.
 Blue Underground Entertainment released the film on DVD in 2006.
Xavier Ortiz Ramirez (born June 29) is a Mexican actor, singer, model, producer, TV host, Dentist/surgeon and entrepreneur, owner of bar-restaurant "la santa bar" in Guadalajara, Mexico.
 former member of the musical group "Garibaldi (band)".
 On April 17, 1999 he married another former member of the group Garibaldi, which lasted 15 years 10 as couple and 5 years as husband and wife.
