Al Meltzer (born 1928), nicknamed "Big Al", is a retired American sportscaster.
 Meltzer worked for Channel 10 and Channel 3 in Philadelphia, and Comcast SportsNet (as sports director).
 He also worked for WPHL-17 where he called play-by-play of Big 5 and 76ers basketball.
 He has also covered the Philadelphia Eagles, Philadelphia Phillies, and Temple Owls.
 Previously, he worked in Buffalo, New York at WEBR.
 He is a member of the Jewish Sports Hall of Fame, Big 5 Hall of Fame, the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame and Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia Hall of Fame.
 During the 1970s, Meltzer, while still living in Philadelphia, commuted to Buffalo to serve as the Buffalo Bills Radio Network play-by-play announcer, serving on a team with Rick Azar and Ed Rutkowski.
Victor/Victoria is a 1995 videotaped television production of the Broadway musical of the same name written and directed by Blake Edwards, starring Julie Andrews, Tony Roberts, Michael Nouri, Rachel York, Richard B. Shull and Gregory Jbara.
 The play's opening night performance on October 25, 1995 at the Marquis Theatre in New York City was filmed exclusively for Japanese television broadcast by NHK on December 23, 1995.
 It was directed for the stage by Edwards and directed for television by Matthew Diamond and Goro Kobayashi.
Steve Albert (born Stephen Aufrichtig in Brooklyn, New York) was an American sportscaster.
 He has served as a play-by-play announcer for the New Jersey Nets, New Orleans Hornets, Golden State Warriors, New York Mets, and Phoenix Suns.
 He last was the television play-by-play announcer for the Phoenix Suns.
 He retired after the Phoenix Suns 2016-2017 season.
John Murphy is an American sportscaster from Buffalo, New York.
 He is best known as the voice of the Buffalo Bills Radio Network and host of "The John Murphy Show" on WGR and MSG Western New York.
 In addition to the Bills, he also served as commentator for the Buffalo Bisons, Canisius College Golden Griffins, Buffalo Bulls and Niagara University Purple Eagles in the 1980s.
Don Criqui (born May 5, 1940, Buffalo, New York) is an American sportscaster, currently the radio voice of Notre Dame Fighting Irish football.
Randall James Karraker (born August 19, 1962) is an American sportscaster in St. Louis, Missouri.
 He hosts "The Fast Lane", the top-rated sports radio show in St. Louis, on 101 ESPN, with former St. Louis Cardinals player Brad Thompson and Chris Rongey.
 He was also the host of the St. Louis Rams pregame shows on 101 ESPN up until the team's move to Los Angeles in January 2016.
 He hosted this show with former NFL coach Jim Hanifan, before Hanifan was replaced by Rick Venturi in 2009, and then with Anthony Stalter up until the team's departure.
 In 2009 and 2010, he was also the television voice of Southern Illinois Edwardsville Cougars basketball on CCIN.
 He used to be the host of the popular CCIN television program "Chalk Talk", with Malcolm Briggs, McGraw Millhaven, and Tony Twist.
Eli Gold (born December 15, 1953) is an American sportscaster.
 Gold is best known as the radio voice for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team, along with Tom Roberts, as part of the Crimson Tide Sports Network since 1988.
 He has also been the host of "NASCAR Live" on the Motor Racing Network since 1982.
 He formerly called play-by-play for Arena Football League's coverage on TNN and NBC and currently calls college football and NFL games for Sports USA Radio Network.
Spencer Ross is an American sportscaster.
 With the exception of the New York Mets, Ross has called play-by-play for every professional New York metropolitan area sports franchise, including the Yankees of MLB, the Nets and Knicks of the NBA, and Jets and Giants of the NFL.
 He has also called games for the Americans of the ABA and, in the NHL, for the New Jersey Devils, New York Islanders and the New York Rangers.
 Outside of New York, he has called games for the Florida State Seminoles and Boston Celtics.
 Nationally, he has worked for the "NFL on NBC", "Major League Baseball on CBS Radio", the NCAA Basketball Tournament on Westwood One Radio and as the lead play by play announcer for the 1992 USA Olympic Dream Team with Dick Vitale.
Tony Roberts (born 1928) is an American retired sportscaster who was the play-by-play announcer for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team from 1980 until 2006.
 He is a member of the Indiana Broadcasters Hall of Fame, Holiday Bowl Hall of Fame and College Football Hall of Fame.
 In 2005, he won the Chris Schenkel Award.
 In 2006, he was replaced by Don Criqui as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame.
The 1987 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha, the fourteenth volume in a series of nineteen.
 It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1987, followed by a hardcover edition issued in July of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club.
 For the hardcover edition the original cover art by Tony Roberts was replaced by a new cover painting by Richard Powers.
