The Glover Prize is an Australian annual art prize awarded for paintings of the landscape of Tasmania The prize was inaugurated in 2004 by the John Glover Society, based in Evandale, Tasmania, in honour of the work of British-born landscape painter John Glover, who lived and painted in the area from 1832 until his death in 1849.
 The current prize amount of A$ 40 000 is the highest for landscape painting in Australia.
 The 2012 award was controversial: the winning picture included a depiction of convicted Port Arthur massacre spree killer Martin Bryant in the landscape of Port Arthur.
Port Arthur Memorial High School is a public, co-educational secondary school located in Port Arthur, Texas, United States.
 It was established in August 2002 after a merger of Thomas Jefferson High School , Abraham Lincoln High School , and Stephen F. Austin High School .
 Since then, Port Arthur Memorial High School has been the only high school in the Port Arthur Independent School District.
 It serves most of Port Arthur and a portion of Groves.
 Initially, the school used the former Lincoln and Jefferson campuses; its new facility opened for the 2009–10 school year on the northern side of Port Arthur.
 It also has a 9th Grade Center in the Port Acres area of Port Arthur, on the former Austin Middle School campus.
The Port Arthur massacre occurred during the First Sino-Japanese War from 21 November 1894 for two or three days, when advanced elements of the First Division of the Japanese Second Army under command of General Yamaji Motoharu (1841–1897) killed somewhere between 1,000 and 20,000 Chinese servicemen and civilians in the Chinese coastal city of Port Arthur (now Lüshunkou).
 Contemporaneous reports, including some Japanese accounts, claim that as many as 60,000 were killed, although some contemporary accounts of the war estimated Port Arthur's total population at 13,000 (6,000 excluding garrison troops).
Sabine Pass is a neighborhood in Port Arthur, Texas.
 It lies at Sabine Pass, on the west bank of the Sabine River, the border between Louisiana and Texas, and was incorporated in 1861.
 It was formally annexed by Port Arthur in 1978, Sabine Pass has its own school district, post office, water district, and port authority.
 Police and fire protection is provided by the Port Arthur city government.
 The Port Arthur Convention and Visitors Bureau stated that Sabine Pass is "often regarded as" being a "self-contained" community.
The Port Arthur massacre of 28–29 April 1996 was a massacre in which 35 people were killed and 23 wounded.
 It occurred mainly at the historic Port Arthur former prison colony, a popular tourist site in south-eastern Tasmania, Australia.
 It was the deadliest mass shooting in Australian history, and amongst the most notable in history.
The Tasmania First Party is a minor Australian political party which operates exclusively in the state of Tasmania.
 The party was begun by members of the Tasmanian Firearms Owners Association in response to the Howard Government's 1996 National Firearms Agreement, which the party called a "unilateral imposition of unnecessarily restrictive firearm legislation, following the unique tragedy of Martin Bryant's Port Arthur protest"[sic]"."
The Port Arthur Bearcats (Bear Cats) were a senior amateur ice hockey team based in Port Arthur, Ontario, Canada – now part of the city of Thunder Bay – from the early 1900s until 1970.
 Before settling on the nickname of Bearcats, the Port Arthur team played several seasons with unofficial generic names applied by fans and sportswriters, such as the Port Arthur Ports, Port Arthur Hockey Club, and the Port Arthur Seniors.
Martin John Bryant (born 7 May 1967) is an Australian man who is known for murdering 35 people and injuring 23 others in the Port Arthur massacre, one of the world's deadliest shooting sprees, in Port Arthur, Tasmania, Australia between 28–29 April 1996.
 He is currently serving 35 life sentences plus 1,035 years without parole in Hobart's Risdon Prison.
The Museum of the Gulf Coast, located in Port Arthur, Texas, specializes in Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast history.
 Its most notable exhibits are a gallery of Robert Rauschenberg's artworks and a Music Hall of Fame honoring performers from the region; featured in the latter are artifacts of Janis Joplin's youth.
 The museum is sponsored and administered by the Port Arthur Historical Society, and is the descendant of the original Port Arthur Museum chartered by the state in 1964.
 The administration of the museum is done in partnership with Lamar State College-Port Arthur and the City of Port Arthur.
The National Firearms Agreement (NFA), also sometimes called the National Agreement on Firearms, the National Firearms Agreement and Buyback Program, or the Nationwide Agreement on Firearms, was a firearm control law passed in Australia in 1996, in response to the Port Arthur massacre that killed 35 people.
 The laws to give effect to the Agreement were passed by Australian State governments only 12 days after the Port Arthur massacre.
