In 1964 he graduated from Sakmarskaya high school with a gold medal.
 In 1964–1965 he worked as a teacher of German in Krasnokommunarskaya 8-year school at Sakmarskaya Station.
 In 1965–1970 years he was a student of Indonesian branch of the Institute of Oriental Languages, Lomonosov Moscow State University, graduating it with excellence.
 In 1970–1971 was studying Malay at the University of Malaya (Kuala Lumpur) in the first group of Russian students through the student exchange.
 .
 In 1975 finished post-graduate studies at the Institute of Asian and African Studies of Lomonosov Moscow State University and got PhD in History with the theses "Opposition Parties of Malaysia” (1957–1971).
 In 1976–1982 he worked under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the USSR in the Soviet Embassy in Indonesia, in 1986–1989 in the Soviet Embassy in Malaysia.
 Since 1989 he was an editor- consultant of the sector "Encyclopedia of Asia” at the Institute of Oriental Studies, Russian Academy of Science, in 1996–2001 worked as a lecturer of Indonesian language at the Institute of Asian and African Studies, in 1998–2001 simultaneously as the Deputy Head of Information and Analytical Center of "Evening Moscow" Concern.
 Since September 2001 – the Lecturer of Russian Language and Russian Culture at the Faculty of Languages and Linguistics, University of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, since 2003 – Assoc. Professor.
Graham M. Schweig (born August 2nd, 1953 in Manhattan, New York) is Professor of Religion and , Director of Studies in Religion, and former inaugural Director of the Asian Studies program at Christopher Newport University.
 He is also Distinguished Teaching and Research Fellow at The Mira and Ajay Shingal Center for Dharma Studies of the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley.
 Schweig did his graduate studies at the University of Chicago and Harvard University and earned his doctorate in Comparative Religion from Harvard University and was a resident fellow of the Center for the Study of World Religions at Harvard.
 Schweig was Lecturer at Duke University and later Visiting Associate Professor of Sanskrit at the University of Virginia.
 Since 2007, Schweig has presented over three dozen invited lectures in his field at the the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC.Schweig is an "experienced registered yoga teacher at the 500 hour level (ERYT-500 as well as YACEP)" with Yoga Alliance, and he has held numerous teacher training workshops in the areas of yoga philosophy, history of yoga, Sanskrit for yoga teachers, and advanced trainings in meditation for teachers of yoga.
 He has over one hundred publications, such as journal articles, encyclopedia articles, reviews, book chapters, along with several books in the field.
 His book, "Dance of Divine Love: India's Classic Sacred Love Story: The Rasa Lila of Krishna" (Princeton University Press, 2005) presents an introduction to, comprehensive treatment and translation of the Bhagavata Purana's five chapters on the Rasa Dance of Krishna with the cowherd maidens of Vraja.
 Another of his works is an introduction to, translation and interpretation of the Bhagavad-gita, entitled "Bhagavad Gita: The Beloved Lord's Secret Love Song" (Harper One / Harper Collins Publishers, 2010).
 His most recent work is "A Living Theology of Krishna Bhakti: Essential Teachings of A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda", by Tamal Krishna Goswami, edited with an introduction and conclusion by Graham M. Schweig (Oxford University Press, New York, 2012).
Dr. Brent Robinson (1951–1996, born Charles Brent Robinson) was university lecturer at the University of Cambridge and author.
 He was a Fellow of Hughes Hall, Cambridge, and wrote books such as "Microcomputers and the Language of Arts" (English, Language and Education), and works relating to information technology use by teachers.
 He created the Journal of Information Technology For Teacher Education, in which he was also a researcher.
 His major interests were in teacher education, and he was formerly Vice President of the "Society for Information Technology and Teacher Education".
Otto F. Ege (1888–1951) was a teacher, lecturer, bookseller, and well-known book-breaker.
 He worked for many years at the Cleveland Institute of Art where he served as Chair of the Department of Teacher Training, instructor of Lettering, Layout, and Typography, and Dean.
 He was also employed by the School of Library Science at Case Western Reserve University as a lecturer on the History of the Book, and instructor of History and Art of the Book.
Boria Sax (born 1949) is an American author and lecturer and a teacher at Mercy College.
Lionel Arthur Gilbert OAM (8 December 1924 – 28 January 2015) was an Australian historian, author, curator, lecturer, and biographer, specializing in applied, natural, and local history.
 Born in Burwood, New South Wales, he studied at Sydney Teachers College and, beginning in 1946, worked as a teacher and later a headmaster in state schools in various locations around New South Wales until 1961.
 In 1963 Gilbert graduated from the University of New England with a Bachelor of Arts in History.
 That same year, he was appointed a lecturer and curator at the Armidale Teachers' College Museum of Education, in which capacity he served until his retirement in 1984, overseeing several expansions of the museum and establishment of a historical research centre.
Radha Charan Das was the Professor of Education and Vice-Chancellor of Berhampur University.
 He is the author of the book "Educational Technology: A Basic Text".
 He was Professor and Head of the Department of Teacher Education at the National Council of Educational Research and Training from 1974 to 1984.
 From 1980 to 1983, he also held additional charge as Principal of the Centre for Educational Technology(CET) under National Council of Educational Research and Training during which educational television programmes were first produced in four languages and transmitted through the satellite INSAT 1A to four states in India.
 Between 1963 and 1974, he was Principal and Professor of Education in the Regional Colleges of Education at Bhubaneswar and Ajmer.
 From 1954 to 1963, he was Lecturer and Reader in Education.
 He was a lecturer in Physics from 1945 to 1954 at Ravenshaw College, Cuttack.
 Dr. Radha Charan Das obtained a B.Sc.
 (Hons) degree in Physics from Andhra University and M.S. and Ph.D. in Education from Cornell University.
 He has done considerable research in Microteaching, Educational Measurement and Evaluation and Education in Values.
The Seigneury of Villena or the Señorío de Villena was a feudal state located in southern Spain, in the kingdom of Castile.
 It bordered to the north with Cuenca and to south with the city of Murcia.
 The territory was structured in two political centers: the Land of Alarcón, to the north, and the Land of Chinchilla to the south.
 Less central were the towns of Iniesta, the Land of Jorquera, Hellín, Tobarra, Almansa, Yecla, Sax and Villena, which, despite giving the name to the seigneury, was territorially peripheral, although it previously included the cities along Vinalopó river (Sax, Elda, Novelda, Elche).
 The borders changed with the time, provided the temporary addition of some towns (Villarrobledo, Lezuza, Munera, Jumilla and Utiel in the 15th century) and the loss of some other towns.
Dr Robert Parkes is a writer, scholar and educator.
 He currently holds the position of Senior Lecturer in Curriculum Theory, History Education, and Media Literacy; and convenes the HERMES History Education Research Group, at the University of Newcastle, Australia.
 Robert was Deputy Head of School (Teaching and Learning) in the School of Education, from February 2008 to December 2011, providing leadership in the most wide-ranging and substantial undergraduate and postgraduate curriculum renewal projects within the School of Education for over a decade.
 He has worked as a full-time martial arts instructor, shiatsu practitioner, and lecturer in oriental medicine at a natural therapies college in Brisbane; and a History, ESL, Learning and Technology Support Teacher in a suburban High School in Sydney.
 During his undergraduate education at the University of Sydney, Robert was named a Dean's List Scholar, received the Newcombe Hodge Essay Prize, and graduated from the University of Sydney with a Class I Honours Degree and the University Medal in Education.
 From 2003-2006 he lectured at Charles Sturt University (Bathurst), where he was a founding member of the Subjectivities in Teacher Education (SITE) community of scholars led by Professor Bill Green and Professor Jo-Anne Reid.
 He completed doctoral studies on Valentine's Day 2006 under the supervision of Professor Jennifer Gore.
 His PhD work drawing upon the historical, philosophical, and literary methods of Poststructural Curriculum Inquiry re-examined the nature of the alleged ‘threat’ to ‘history’ posed by postmodernism, and the implications of postmodern social theory for History as curriculum.
 Robert is the author of two books, both with Peter Lang.
 In addition to exploring the cultural politics of education, his research work has focused on:
Scott Kungha Drengsen is a musician and meditation teacher located in Northern California.
 His 1998 album "Basscapes" was the first to use live looping and extended range basses to create multi-textured ambient soundscapes.
