The Moonbus is a fictitious transportation vehicle which appears in the film "".
 The word “moonbus” isn't referred to explicitly in the film itself; rather, it's called a “rocket bus” in dialogue, and, in an early draft of the screenplay, is described as a “moon rocket bus”.
In certain local police departments in the United States, the Fatal Accident Reconstruction Team (F.A.R.T.) is a group of police officers dedicated to investigating motor vehicle accidents that result in death.
 These type of investigations can involve vehicle on vehicle, vehicle on fixed object or vehicle on pedestrian.
 The investigation of accidents with no survivors is of particular interest, because the detectives often have no eyewitnesses to give an account of the event.
 Thus the teams must rely on forensic evidence, such as tire skid marks, tire scuffmarks (yaw marks) or other tire marks to assist in determining what happened in the collision sequence.
 An accident with both survivors and fatalities is also of concern, because police cannot depend on the survivor(s) to accurately recount the accident.
 Survivors are often unconscious, incapacitated, or traumatized and thus unable to speak to police.
 Even if survivors are able to give a statement, their memory may not be perfect, or they may be lying to avoid charges such as vehicular homicide or vehicular manslaughter.
 In general, the teams try to determine the exact sequence of events that led to the accident, much like criminal detectives attempt to reconstruct crimes.
Picard Surgelés is a French food company specialized in the manufacture and distribution of frozen products.
 These products are sold exclusively with the Picard brand.
 Early 2015 Picard Surgelés had almost 900 stores worldwide and sold about 700 different products.
A central tire inflation system (CTIS) is a system to provide control over the air pressure in each tire of a vehicle as a way to improve performance on different surfaces.
 For example, lowering the air pressure in a tire creates a larger area of contact between the tire and the ground and makes driving on softer ground much easier.
 It also does less damage to the surface.
 This is important on work sites and in agricultural fields.
 By giving the driver direct control over the air pressure in each tire, maneuverability is greatly improved.
Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited is a Canadian retail company which sells a wide range of automotive, sports and leisure, and home products.
 Some stores also sell toys and food products.
 Retail operations include: Canadian Tire, the core retail and automotive service operation, which operates a large car repair garage in each store; Canadian Tire Petroleum; Mark's, a men’s, women’s, and work apparel retailer; sporting goods and sportswear retail conglomerate FGL Sports; and PartSource, which retails auto parts and accessories.
 The company's head office is in Toronto, Ontario.
 The retailer is known for its Canadian Tire money, a loyalty program first introduced in 1958, where customers are provided with coupons resembling paper money worth 0.4% of their purchase that can be used in subsequent purchases as scrip at Canadian Tire stores and gas stations, and some merchants in flea markets.
Tolex was filed as a trademark on August 30, 1945 by the General Tire, and is currently registered as "a plastic sheet and film material for book binding and case covering for speakers and amplifiers."
 Tolex was also used in Packard automobiles, hearses, and ambulances—and in marine applications, such as Chris-Craft boats and other watercraft.
Base oils are used to manufacture products including lubricating greases, motor oil and metal processing fluids.
 Different products require different compositions and properties in the oil.
 One of the most important factors is the liquid’s viscosity at various temperatures.
 Whether or not a crude oil is suitable to be made into a base oil is determined by the concentration of base oil molecules as well as how easily these can be extracted.
RKO General, Inc. was the main holding company through 1991 for the noncore businesses of the General Tire and Rubber Company and, after General Tire's reorganization in the 1980s, GenCorp.
 The business was based around the consolidation of its parent company's broadcasting interests, dating to 1943, and the RKO Pictures movie studio General Tire purchased in 1955.
 The holding company acquired the name of RKO General in 1959 after General Tire dissolved the film studio.
 The original RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. corporation name was then changed to the present day RKO General, Inc.
 Current RKO Radio Pictures copyrights are held by this corporate name.
 Headquartered in New York City, the company operated six television stations and more than a dozen major radio stations around North America between 1959 and 1991.
Colectivo (English: collective bus) is the name given in Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, and Uruguay to a type of public transportation vehicle, especially those of Argentina's capital city, Buenos Aires.
 The name comes from "vehículos de transporte colectivo" ("vehicles for collective transport"), reflecting their origin as shared taxis.
Forensic tire tread evidence records and analyzes impressions of vehicle tire treads for use in legal proceedings to help prove the identities of persons at a crime scene.
 Every tire will show different amounts of tread wear, and different amounts of damage in the form of tiny cuts and nicks.
 These unique characteristics will also show on the impression left by the tire.
