Starrcade (1984) was a major professional wrestling show broadcast live on closed-circuit television that took place on November 22, 1984.
 The show was promoted by Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP) under the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) banner and took place at the Greensboro Coliseum in Greensboro, North Carolina.
 The main event of the show was billed as "the Million Dollar Challenge" as the storyline was that the winner of the match would not only win the NWA World Heavyweight Championship but also win a $1,000,000 purse, part of the illusion that professional wrestling was a legitimate sporting competition.
 The main event saw champion "The Nature Boy" Ric Flair defend the championship against long time rival "The American Dream" Dusty Rhodes, with boxer Joe Frazier acting as the special guest referee for the match.
 The show also saw the championship matches for the NWA United States Championship, NWA World Television Championship, NWA Florida Heavyweight Championship, NWA Brass Knuckles Championship and NWA Mid-Atlantic Heavyweight Championship.
Richard "Rick" Clements is a retired American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Quicksilver.
 He was based out of the California independent circuit, working for promotions such as Alternative Wrestling Show, Revolution Pro Wrestling, Southern California Championship Wrestling and Battle Ground Pro Wrestling but also worked for major East Coast indy promotions such as Jersey All Pro Wrestling and CZW.
 He is best known for his appearances with Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
Starrcade (1997) was the fifteenth annual Starrcade professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event.
 It was the tenth Starrcade event produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and it took place on December 28, 1997 from the MCI Center in Washington, D.C.
 It featured the ongoing storyline between WCW and the New World Order (nWo) organization.
Starrcade is a recurring professional wrestling event, originally broadcast via closed-circuit television and eventually broadcast via pay-per-view television, held from 1983 to 2000 by the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) and later World Championship Wrestling (WCW).
 Starrcade was regarded by the NWA and WCW as their flagship event of the year, much in the same vein that its rival, the World Wrestling Federation, regarded WrestleMania.
 As a result, the buildup to each Starrcade featured the largest feuds of the promotion.
WCW/New Japan Supershow was an annual professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) jointly promoted by American Atlanta, Georgia based World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and the Japanese New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) wrestling promotions.
 It was held in 1991, 1992 and 1993, and was promoted as "Starrcade" in Japan, but not billed as such in the United States due to WCW already having a show called "Starrcade" held each year in December.
 The show would be taped in Japan and then edited and aired in North America at a later date in WCW.
 The last two of this three events were also the two first January 4 Dome Show.
Starrcade (1996) was the fourteenth annual Starrcade professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event.
 It was the ninth Starrcade event produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and it took place on December 29, 1996 from the Nashville Municipal Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee.
 The event featured the New World Order (nWo) stable, which formed in July.
Craig Williams (born May 1, 1983), better known by his ring name, Human Tornado, is an American professional wrestler.
 His character was that of a stereotypical 1970s blaxploitation street pimp.
 He performed primarily on the Californian independent circuit, most prominently for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Empire Wrestling Federation, and Alternative Wrestling Show.
 In addition, he also performed for Ring of Honor, Combat Zone Wrestling, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, and the short-lived MTV promotion Wrestling Society X.
Starrcade (1983) was the first annual Starrcade professional wrestling event.
 It was produced under the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) banner by Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP).
 The event took place on November 24, 1983 at the Greensboro Coliseum in Greensboro, North Carolina and was broadcast on closed-circuit television around the Southern United States.
 Eight professional wrestling matches were featured.
Starrcade (1994): Triple Threat was a major professional wrestling show, broadcast on pay-per-view (PPV) that took place on December 27, 1994 from the Nashville Municipal Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee.
 The show was produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and was the 12th overall show under that banner since its inception in 1983.
 The main event of the show was WCW World Heavyweight Champion Hulk Hogan defending the title against his former friend-turned-rival The Butcher.
 The show also included Jim Duggan defending the WCW United States Championship against Vader and Johnny B. Badd defending the WCW World Television Championship against Arn Anderson.
Starrcade (1992): BattleBowl/The Lethal Lottery II was a major annual professional wrestling show, broadcast on pay-per-view (PPV) that took place on December 28, 1992, from The Omni in Atlanta, Georgia.
 The show was produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and was the 10th overall show under that banner since its inception in 1983.
 The focus of the show was the second ever "Lethal Lottery" / "Battle Bowl" tournament where randomly paired tag teams competed for a spot in the Battle Bowl battle royal at the end of the night.
 The show also saw Ron Simmons defend the WCW World Heavyweight Championship against "Dr. Death" Steve Williams, the team of Shane Douglas and Ricky Steamboat putting the WCW World Tag Team Championship on the line against the team of Brian Pillman and Barry Windham and Masahiro Chono defend the NWA World Heavyweight Championship against The Great Muta.
 In addition Sting faced off against Vader in the finals of the ""King of Cable"" tournament.
