Loch Luna Reserve is a protected area covering the floodplain on the north side of the River Murray in South Australia between the towns of Kingston-on-Murray in the west and Cobdogla in the east.
 It is located about 180 km east north-east of the Adelaide city centre.
 It was proclaimed on 7 November 1985 with exception to a parcel of land known as Sugarloaf Hill within the boundaries of the game reserve which has been excluded from protection for the purpose of mining activity.
 The Moorook Game Reserve immediately adjoins the game reserve’s southern boundary.
 It and the Moorook Game Reserve are reported as providing "significant wildlife habitat and are popular recreation sites, particularly for river-based activities and camping."
 The game reserve is classified as an IUCN Category VI protected area.
Etosha National Park is a national park in northwestern Namibia.
 The park was proclaimed a game reserve on March 22, 1907 in Ordinance 88 by the Governor of German South West Africa, Dr. Friedrich von Lindequist.
 It was designated as "Wildschutzgebiet Nr.
 2" which means Game Reserve Number 2, in numerical order after West Caprivi (Game Reserve No. 1) and preceding Namib Game Reserve (No. 3).
 In 1958, Game Reserve No. 2 became Etosha Game Park and was elevated to status of National Park in 1967 by an act of parliament of the Republic of South Africa which administered South-West Africa during that time.
Mud Islands Game Reserve is a protected area in South Australia covering ten islands at the southern side of Lake Alexandrina about 19 km south-east of Goolwa.
 The game reserve is described as providing ‘an ideal habitat for water birds, particularly waterfowl’ and that ‘duck shooting is permitted during open season.’
 The game reserve is classified as an IUCN Category VI protected area.
 Since 2000, the game reserve has been located within the boundaries of the gazetted locality, Coorong.
Ulusaba Private Game Reserve, owned by Sir Richard Branson as part of the Virgin Limited Edition luxury property portfolio, consists of about 13,500 ha of land set in the heart of the Sabi Sand Private Game Reserve.
 This private game reserve borders on the sprawling Kruger National Park in South Africa's Mpumalanga province and is home to an abundance of wildlife.
 Ulusaba means fearful in the local Tsonga Shangaan language and it was a name given to the Sabie River by the Shangaan people.
 The Sabie River was originally called Ulusaba ("fearful river") by the Shangaan simply because there was once a large concentration of dangerous Nile crocodile in the river, hence "Ulusaba".
 Before the establishment of the Kruger National Park, "Ulusaba" was once a home of Tsonga Shangaan people, the Shangaan were evicted from this land when the Kruger National Park was established and were relocated in nearby villages adjacent "Ulusaba Private Game Reserve".
Thornybush Game Reserve, is a private game reserve, near Hoedspruit, in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
 It borders the Kapama Game Reserve and is located close to the Timbavati Game Reserve and the Kruger Park.
 The Reserve's surface area is approximately 11.000 Ha of mainly open savannah.
The Manyeleti Game Reserve, is adjacent to the Kruger National Park (without fences), and adjacent to the Sabi Sand Private Game Reserve and the Timbavati Game Reserve.
 The Tsonga people, who occupied the land before colonization, were forcefully removed and displaced from this land by the colonial Government and resettled in Bushbuckridge.
 After a successful land claim, the land was given back to the Tsonga people under Chief Mnisi, of the Vahlanganu Clan.
 The Mnisi clan or Vahlanganu are currently managing this game reserve, the area is over 22,750 ha in area.
 Situated in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa.
 In Xitsonga, 'Manyeleti' means "Place of Stars", during the night, the skyline of Manyeleti is dominated by billions of bright starts, hence the name.
Falgore Game Reserve is protected ecosystem designated mainly for games protection in southern Kano State of northern Nigeria.
 This game reserve is located about 150 kilometers away from Kano city.
 It lies in Tudun Wada, Doguwa and Sumaila local government areas.
 It extends to the boundary line between Kano, Kaduna and Bauchi states respectively.
 It covers an area of about 1000 square kilometers and is traversed by the River Kano.
 Falgore game reserve lies on northern guinea savanna ecological belt.
 This ecosystem is bisected by River Kano.
 Falgore game reserve started as Kogin Kano forest reserve which was developed since the British colonial period in 1940s.
 The forest reserve was only upgraded into a game reserve in the 1960s and subsequently called Falgore game reserve.
Mala Mala is a game reserve located within the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, Mpumalanga province, South Africa.
 It is the largest and the oldest private big five game reserve in South Africa, It covers around 130 km² or 15 000 hectares of land.
 In Xitsonga, the name Malamala means Kudu, it was named so because of the abundance of these animals within the game reserve.
 The Tsonga people, who occupied the land before the establishment of the game reserve, were forcibly removed from this land during the early 1900s and were dumped at Bushbuckridge.
 The Nwandlamhlarhi Community successfully claimed Malamala game reserved and the land was restored to them in 2015 when President Jacob Zuma handed them their land in a Government ceremony.
 The Tsonga people were also forcibly removed from neighbouring game reserves such as Skukuza, Satara, Ulusaba, Manyeleti, Protea Hotel Kruger Gate, Hoyo Hoyo Tsonga Lodge and may more in Southern Kruger .
 The Tsonga people are still waiting to be given back these lands by the Government after the finalization of their land claim.
Mabula Game Reserve is a private game reserve situated in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
 It is about 12000 ha in area and is about 47 km from Bela Bela (Warmbaths).
 The current owner of Mabula Game Reserve is the Indian businessman and liquor baron Vijay Mallya.
Moorook Game Reserve is a protected area in the Australian state of South Australia covering the floodplain on the south side of the River Murray immediately south of the section of the Sturt Highway that passes between the towns of Kingston-on-Murray in the west and Cobdogla in the east.
 It is located about 180 km east north-east of the state capital of Adelaide.
 It was proclaimed on 2 September 1976.
 The Loch Luna Game Reserve immediately adjoins the game reserve’s northern boundary.
 It and the Loch Luna Game Reserve are reported as providing "significant wildlife habitat and are popular recreation sites, particularly for river-based activities and camping."
 The game reserve is classified as an IUCN Category VI protected area.
