In a mixture between a dielectric and a metallic component, the conductivity formula_1 and the dielectric constant formula_2 of this mixture show a critical behavior if the fraction of the metallic component reaches the percolation threshold.
 The behavior of the conductivity near this percolation threshold will show a smooth change over from the conductivity of the dielectric component to the conductivity of the metallic component and can be described using two critical exponents s and t, whereas the dielectric constant will diverge if the threshold is approached from either side.
 To include the frequency dependent behavior, a resistor-capacitor model (R-C model) is used.
1-Pentanol, (or n-pentanol, pentan-1-ol), is an alcohol with five carbon atoms and the molecular formula CHOH.
 1-Pentanol is a colorless liquid with an unpleasant aroma.
 It is the straight-chain form of amyl alcohol, one of 8 isomers with that formula.
An aldonic acid is any of a family of sugar acids obtained by oxidation of the aldehyde functional group of an aldose to form a carboxylic acid functional group.
 Thus, their general chemical formula is HOOC-(CHOH)-CHOH.
 Oxidation of the terminal hydroxyl group instead of the terminal aldehyde yields a uronic acid, while oxidation of both terminal ends yields an aldaric acid.
Isopropyl alcohol (IUPAC name propan-2-ol), also called dimethyl carbinol or, incorrectly, isopropanol, is a compound with the chemical formula CHO or CHOH or CHCHOHCH (sometimes represented as "i"-PrOH).
 It is a colorless, flammable chemical compound with a strong odor.
 As a propyl group linked to a hydroxyl group, it is the simplest example of a secondary alcohol, where the alcohol carbon atom is attached to two other carbon atoms, sometimes shown as (CH)CHOH.
 It is a structural isomer of 1-propanol.
 It has a wide variety of industrial and household uses, and is a common ingredient in chemicals such as antiseptics, disinfectants and detergents.
1-Hexanol is an organic alcohol with a six-carbon chain and a condensed structural formula of CH(CH)OH.
 This colorless liquid is slightly soluble in water, but miscible with diethyl ether and ethanol.
 Two additional straight chain isomers of 1-hexanol, 2-hexanol and 3-hexanol, exist, both of which differing by the location of the hydroxyl group.
 Many isomeric alcohols have the formula CHOH.
 It is used in the perfume industry.
Tetrakis(hydroxymethyl)phosphonium chloride (THPC) is an organophosphorus compound with the chemical formula [P(CHOH)]Cl.
 The cation P(CHOH) is four-coordinate, as is typical for phosphonium salts. THPC has applications as a precursor to fire-retardant materials.
Seidel's algorithm is an algorithm designed by Raimund Seidel in 1992 for the all-pairs-shortest-path problem for undirected, unweighted, connected graphs.
 It solves the problem in formula_1 expected time for a graph with formula_2 vertices, where formula_3 is the exponent in the complexity formula_4 of formula_5 matrix multiplication.
 If only the distances between each pair of vertices are sought, the same time bound can be achieved in the worst case.
 Note that even though the algorithm is designed for connected graphs, it can be applied individually to each connected component of a graph with the same running time overall.
 Note also that there is an exception to the expected running time given above for computing the paths: if formula_6 the expected running time becomes formula_7.
Alcohol is any organic compound in which a hydroxyl functional group (-OH) is bound to a carbon atom, usually connected to other carbon or hydrogen atoms.
 An important class are the simple acyclic alcohols, the general formula for which is CHOH.
 Of those, ethanol (CHOH) is the type of alcohol found in alcoholic beverages, and in common speech the word alcohol refers specifically to ethanol.
 Articles related to alcohol include:
Xylitol is a sugar alcohol used as a sweetener.
 The name derives from Greek: ξύλον , "xyl[on]", "wood" + suffix -"itol", used to denote sugar alcohols.
 Xylitol is categorized as a polyalcohol or sugar alcohol (alditol).
 It has the formula CHOH(CHOH)CHOH and is an achiral isomer of pentane-1,2,3,4,5-pentol.
 Multiple studies using electron microscopy have indicated that xylitol is effective in inducing remineralization of deeper layers of demineralized enamel.
 Fair evidence was found that xylitol (as chewing gum, lozenges, nasal spray, etc.) reduced the incidence of acute middle ear infection in healthy children.
Gluconic acid is an organic compound with molecular formula CHO and condensed structural formula HOCH(CHOH)COOH.
 It is one of the 16 stereoisomers of 2,3,4,5,6-pentahydroxyhexanoic acid.
