Carole Hayman is an English writer, broadcaster, actor and director.
 She was born in Kent, and attended Leeds University and the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
 She has been an actress and theatre director and was an associate director at The Royal Court Theatre in the late eighties.
 During that time she appeared in many of Caryl Churchill's plays including, Cloud Nine and Top Girls.
 As Associate Director, she directed plays by Sarah Daniels, Andrea Dunbar, GE Newman, Fay Weldon and Sue Townsend, including "Ripen our Darkness" and "Byrthrite" by Sarah Daniels and Bazaar and Rummage and The Great Celestial Cow by Sue Townsend.
 She has published many comic and satirical novels and written radio and TV series for the BBC, ITV and CHANNEL FOUR.
 These include "Ladies of Letters" ( co-written with Lou Wakefield) and The Refuge and The Spinney ( co-written with Sue Townsend).
Jeanetta Christine Laurence OBE (born December 1949) is the former associate director of The Royal Ballet.
 She was artistic administrator from 1990, assistant director from 2003 and associate director from 2009 to 2014.
Richard D. Cummings, Ph.D. is Professor of Surgery at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School in Boston, MA, a position he assumed in September 1, 2015.
 He is also the Director of the Harvard Medical School Center for Glycoscience, officially approved in June, 2016.
 Within the Department of Surgery he is also the Vice-Chair of Basic and Translational Research, Chair of the Research Council, and Associate Director for Drug Discovery and Translational Research.
 Before moving to BIDMC/HMS, Cummings was the William Patterson Timmie Professor and Chair of the Department of Biochemistry at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta, Georgia.
 At Emory, Cummings was a founder in 2007 of the Emory Glycomics Center.
 Prior to moving to Emory, Cummings was the Ed Miller Endowed Chair in Molecular Biology, the George Lynn Cross Professor in Biochemistry, and Professor of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center, College of Medicine, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
 He was the founder in 1999 of the Oklahoma Center for Medical Glycobiology.
 Prior to his position in Oklahoma, Cummings was Professor of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University of Georgia and Associate Director of the Complex Carbohydrate Research Center there.
William Mark Felt Sr. (August 17, 1913 – December 18, 2008) was a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) special agent who served as the Bureau's Associate Director, the FBI's second-highest-ranking post, from May 1972 until his retirement from the FBI in June 1973.
 During his time as Associate Director, Felt served as an anonymous informant, nicknamed "Deep Throat", to reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein of "The Washington Post", providing them critical information about the Watergate scandal, a scandal which ultimately led to the resignation of President Richard M. Nixon in 1974.
 Though Felt's identity as Deep Throat was strongly suspected by some in Washington, including Nixon himself, and was speculated by many others, it generally remained a secret for the next 30 years.
 In 2005, Felt finally acknowledged that he was Deep Throat, after being persuaded to reveal his identity by his family.
Julie Huber is an Associate Scientist in the Marine Chemistry and Geochemistry department at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.
 She previously was an Associate Professor of Ecology and Evolutionary biology at Brown University, an Associate Scientist at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, and the Associate Director of the MBL's Josephine Bay Paul Center for Comparative Molecular Biology and Evolution.
 She also serves as the associate director of the Center for Dark Energy Biosphere Investigations, a National Science Foundation-supported program headquartered at the University of Southern California.
George M. Weinstock (born February 6, 1949) is an American geneticist and microbiologist on the faculty of The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, where he is a professor and the associate director for microbial genomics.
 Before joining The Jackson Laboratory, he taught at Washington University in St. Louis and served as associate director of The Genome Institute.
 Previously, Dr. Weinstock was Co-Director of the Human Genome Sequencing Center (HGSC) at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas, and Professor of Molecular and Human Genetics there.
[1] He received his B.S. degree from the University of Michigan in 1970 and his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1977.
 He has spent most of his career taking genomic approaches to study fundamental biological processes.
Professor Murray David Esler, AM (born in 1943 in Geelong, Australia) is a clinical cardiologist and medical scientist, based at the Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute and the Alfred Hospital in Melbourne, where he is the Associate Director of the Heart Centre.
 He is a Professor of Medicine at Melbourne's Monash University.
 As Associate Director of the Baker, Professor Esler leads the institute’s research into the relationship between the brain and heart health.
 He studied medicine at the University of Melbourne and received a PhD from the Australian National University (Department of Clinical Science).
 His chief research interests are the causes and treatment of high blood pressure and heart failure, the effects of stress on the cardiovascular system, and monoamine transmitters of the human brain.
Chris Oynes served as U.S. Minerals Management Service (MMS) associate director for offshore energy and minerals management before he retired in May 2010.
 Oynes, who oversaw oil and gas leasing in the Gulf of Mexico for 12 years before being promoted to MMS associate director had come under fire for being too close to the industry officials he regulated.
Francis J. "Frank" Beckwith (born 1960) is an American philosopher, Christian apologist, scholar, and lecturer.
 He is currently Professor of Philosophy & Church-State Studies, Associate Director of the Graduate Program in Philosophy, and Co-Director of the Program on Philosophical Studies of Religion in the Institute for Studies of Religion (ISR) at Baylor University, and he was formerly Associate Director of Baylor’s J. M. Dawson Institute of Church-State Studies.
 Beckwith works in the areas of social ethics, applied ethics, legal philosophy, and the philosophy of religion.
Press TV (stylised PRESSTV) is a 24-hour English language news and documentary network, affiliated with Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB).
 IRIB is state-owned but independent of the Iranian government in its management, and is the only legal TV and radio broadcaster inside Iran.
 IRIB's head is appointed directly by the supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, and is considered to be close to the country's conservative political faction.
 Press TV is headquartered in Tehran, and has offices and bureaus around the world, including London, Beirut, Damascus, Kabul, and the Gaza Strip.
 It bills itself as a third alternative to what it considers to be biased Western media and to Sunni media attached to radical Islamic terror groups; critics consider it a shill for the Iranian regime.
