Corn Ranch is a spaceport in the West Texas town of Van Horn, Texas, where flight tests of the New Shepard are carried out by Blue Origin.
 The 165,000-acre (670 km²) land parcel was purchased by Internet billionaire Jeff Bezos.
 The first flight test took place on November 13, 2006 with the goal of providing commercial tourist flights.
A drop test is a method of testing the in-flight characteristics of prototype or experimental aircraft and spacecraft by raising the test vehicle to a specific altitude and then releasing it.
 Test flights involving powered aircraft, particularly rocket-powered aircraft, may be referred to as drop launches due to the launch of the aircraft's rockets after release from its carrier aircraft.
John “Chris” Christiansen (May 1, 1923 － September 12, 1998) was the chief military test pilot for Lockheed California Company for over 30 years.
 He might be most known for having performed Lockheed S-3 Viking's maiden flight on January 21, 1972.
 His assignments also included the initial test flights of Lockheed P-3 Orion.
 Christiansen was born in Oslo, Norway in 1923 and became an American citizen in 1939.
 He later served in the U.S. Navy during World War II and the Korean Conflict.
 He began experimental flying for Lockheed Martin in 1953, and worked there until his retirement in 1984.
 He was a fellow at Society of Experimental Test Pilots.
NASA's newest spacecraft, the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle (MPCV), will be the first American spacecraft since Project Apollo to use an escape system in the event of a launch abort, something its predecessor, the Space Shuttle, had for only its first four orbital test flights in 1981-1982.
 Like the Apollo Command-Service Module (CSM), the Orion CEV will use the Launch escape system (LES), a solid-fueled tractor rocket that will be able to pull the Orion crew module away from a malfunctioning Space Launch System (SLS) rocket during the initial launch phase.
 Based on the launch escape system found on the Soviet/Russian Soyuz spacecraft, the LAS, designed and manufactured by ATK for the Orion CEV, will be larger than the Soyuz version and will have more thrust than the Atlas 109-D booster that carried astronaut John Glenn into orbit in 1962.
H-T Ranch is a historic ranch complex 10 mi west of Amidon, North Dakota.
 The ranch originally consisted of ten buildings; however, only the ranch house and log barn survive.
 The ranch served as the headquarters of the Little Missouri Cattle Company, which was run by Arthur Clark Hidekoper.
 Hidekober established the ranch in the 1880s, and by the end of the decade, it had become the "most notable" ranch in the area.
 The ranch house, called Shackford, was built in 1896; its uncommon style resembles a bungalow but also borrows from other styles such as the Stick style.
 By 1906, the "Fargo Forum" described the ranch as "the biggest and most important [ranch] in the state" and "one of the largest horse raising outlets in the world".
 In the same year, Hidekoper sold the 70,000 acre ranch; the sale was the largest land deal in North Dakota history.
 After the sale, a land company reduced the ranch to 5000 acre ; it was later used as a dude ranch in the 1920s.
Flight 15P of SpaceShipOne (X0) was the first privately funded human spaceflight.
 It took place on June 21, 2004.
 It was the fourth powered test flight of the Tier One program, the previous three test flights having reached much lower altitudes.
 The flight carried only its pilot, Mike Melvill, who thus became the first non-governmental astronaut.
Project Highwater was an experiment carried out as part of two of the test flights of NASA's Saturn I launch vehicle (using battleship upper stages), successfully launched into a sub-orbital trajectory from Cape Canaveral, Florida.
 The Highwater experiment sought to determine the effect of a large volume of water suddenly released into the ionosphere.
 The project answered questions about the effect of the diffusion of propellants in the event that a rocket was destroyed at high altitude.
The Soyuz (Russian: Союз , meaning "union", GRAU index 11A511) was a Soviet expendable carrier rocket designed in the 1960s by OKB-1 and manufactured by State Aviation Plant No. 1 in Kuybyshev, Soviet Union.
 It was commissioned to launch Soyuz spacecraft as part of the Soviet human spaceflight program, first with 8 unmanned test flights, followed by the first 19 manned launches.
 The original Soyuz also propelled four test flights of the improved Soyuz 7K-T capsule between 1972 and 1974.
 In total it flew 30 successful missions over 10 years and suffered two failures.
The Sprite was a British rocket engine built by de Havilland for use in RATO (Rocket-assisted take off) applications.
 For RATO use only a short burn time is required, with simplicity and light weight as major virtues.
 The intended market was for assisting take-off of de Havilland Comet 1 airliners (as hot and high operations in the British Empire were considered important) and also for V bombers carrying heavy nuclear weapons.
 30 successful test flights were carried out by Comets, from May 1951, but gas turbine performance improved rapidly, and so RATO was not required in service.
Apollo 7 was an October 1968 human spaceflight mission carried out by the United States.
 It was the first mission in the United States' Apollo program to carry a crew into space.
 It was also the first U.S. spaceflight to carry astronauts since the flight of Gemini XII in November 1966.
 The AS-204 mission, also known as "Apollo 1", was intended to be the first manned flight of the Apollo program.
 It was scheduled to launch in February 1967, but a fire in the cabin during a January 1967 test killed the crew.
 Manned flights were then suspended for 21 months, while the cause of the accident was investigated and improvements made to the spacecraft and safety procedures, and unmanned test flights of the Saturn V rocket and Apollo Lunar Module were made.
 Apollo 7 fulfilled Apollo 1's mission of testing the Apollo Command/Service Module (CSM) in low Earth orbit.
