Disney Junior is an American digital cable and satellite television network that is owned by the Disney Channels Worldwide unit of the Disney–ABC Television Group, itself a unit of the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company.
 Aimed mainly at children 8 years and under, its programming consists of original first-run television series, theatrically-released and made-for-DVD movies and select other third-party programming.
Gary Marsh is President and Chief Creative Officer for Disney Channels Worldwide, where he develops and produces Disney Channel Original Series, Disney Channel Original Movies and Disney Junior Series (formerly Playhouse Disney).
 He also oversees talent and casting operations for Disney Channel.
 Marsh joined Disney Channel in July 1988 as Executive Director, Original Programming.
 He was made Vice President eight months later and in 1994, became Senior Vice President.
 In 1999, he was promoted to Executive Vice President and in 2001, Marsh assumed the role of Executive Vice President, Original Programming and Production, Disney Channel.
 From 2005-09, he was President, Entertainment, Disney Channels Worldwide and in 2009 he assumed the role as Chief Creative Officer, Disney Channels Worldwide before being promoted to President and Chief Creative Officer, Disney Channels Worldwide in 2011.
Radio Disney, also known as Radio Disney Networks (corporate name Radio Disney, Inc.), is an American radio network that is owned by Disney Channels Worldwide, Inc., a subsidiary of Disney–ABC Television Group, a primary component of The Walt Disney Company's Disney Media Networks segment.
 Radio Disney Networks broadcasts three separated digital channels, Radio Disney, Radio Disney Country and Radio Disney Junior, via radio station's HD channel or by online stream sites.
 The original Radio Disney network play music and other content aimed at preteens and young teenagers; it can be described as a youth-targeted contemporary hit radio format with heavy emphasis on teen idols. Recently Radio Disney has become a Mainstream Top 40 Indicator reporter on Nielsen-BDS eventually being upgraded to monitored status with Nielsen-BDS.
 Radio Disney is also a monitored reporter on the Mediabase 24/7 Top 40 panel.
 The network is headquartered in Burbank, California.
Disney Junior Southeast Asia (known as Disney Junior and formerly known as Playhouse Disney from 2004 to 2011) is a cable and satellite television channel that broadcasts in Southeast Asia, owned by the Disney Channels Worldwide unit of the United States-based Disney–ABC Television Group, managed by The Walt Disney Company Southeast Asia.
 Aimed mainly for children between 2 through 9 years of age, its programming consists of original first-run television series, theatrically-released and made-for-DVD movies and select other third-party programming.
 Disney Junior also lends its name to an early morning program block seen on sister network Disney Channel, branded as "Disney Junior on Disney Channel."
 The block airs every day at 7am MAL/PHIL time for two hour duration.
Toon Disney was a worldwide digital cable and satellite television channel brand that was owned by the Disney Channels Worldwide, a subsidiary of Disney–ABC Television Group.
 A spin-off of the Disney Channel, the channel mostly aired children's animated series and some live action programming.
 Its format had similarities to those of Discovery Kids, Cartoon Network, and Nicktoons.
 The channel's target audience was children ages 2–11, and children ages 7–14 during its nighttime block called Jetix.
 Toon Disney shut down on February 13, 2009, after nearly 11 years, and was replaced by Disney XD, which has carried some programs previously seen on Toon Disney.
Disney XD is an American digital cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Disney Channels Worldwide unit of the Disney–ABC Television Group, itself a unit of the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company.
 Aimed primarily at children ages 6-14, its programming consists of original first-run television series, current and former original series and made-for-cable films from sister network Disney Channel, theatrically-released films, and acquired programs from other distributors.
"Convoy" is a 1975 novelty song performed by C. W. McCall (a character co-created and voiced by Bill Fries, along with Chip Davis) that became a number-one song on both the country and pop charts in the US and is listed 98th among Rolling Stone magazine's 100 Greatest Country Songs of All Time.
 Written by McCall and Chip Davis, the song spent six weeks at number one on the country charts and one week at number one on the pop charts.
 The song went to number one in Canada as well, hitting the top of the "RPM" Top Singles Chart on January 24, 1976.
 "Convoy" further peaked at number two in the UK.
 The song capitalized on the fad for citizens band (CB) radio.
 The song was the inspiration for the 1978 Sam Peckinpah film "Convoy".
 The song is also in the video game's soundtrack on the in-game radio station, Rebel Radio from the 2013 video game "Grand Theft Auto V", and Disney Channel (including Disney Channel Southeast Asia), a basic cable and satellite television network that is owned by Disney Channels Worldwide, a unit of the Disney–ABC Television Group.
Disney Cinemagic is a pay-cable movie channel owned by Walt Disney Company Limited (UK) operating primarily in European markets by Disney Channels Worldwide.
 Additionally, there are similar channels, run by Sky UK, , in the UK and Foxtel, Foxtel Movies Disney in Australia.
"Lonely" (also known as "Mr. Lonely") is a song by Senegalese-American R&B and rapper Akon; it appears on his debut album, "Trouble".
 The single was released in 2005 and was his first worldwide hit.
 It reached number one in several countries, including in the United Kingdom and Germany (where it stayed there for eight weeks), and Australia.
 It was also highly popular in France where it reached number two, and in the United States when it peaked at #4.
 An edited version was on Radio Disney and on "Radio Disney Jams, Vol.
 8".
Disney Channels Worldwide (officially ABC Cable Networks Group, Inc.) is a subsidiary of Disney–ABC Television Group, a unit of Disney Media Networks, the division of The Walt Disney Company that operates various children and family television channels around the world: Disney Channel, Disney XD, Disney Junior, Disney Cinemagic, Dlife, and Hungama TV.
 In addition, the subsidiary is responsible for operating Radio Disney, Disney Television Animation and It's a Laugh Productions.
